I'm in Hawaii so I didn't talk to you
guys about is at all but I'm in Hawaii
right now we just landed and I just got
in my rental car which is a Ford Mustang
little more muscle and I'm used to but
yeah I'm here for my friend's wedding
she gets married on Saturday it's
Wednesday right now so we're having a
vacation let's have a vacation ah we
just got those hell this isn't my room
yet my room is still getting ready
because we showed up at noon 3000 check
it's not till 3:00 so or in a courtesy
room you just hang out in a room for a
half hour and put your main exit on so I
did but Matt still putting his on on on
what he's doing
slowpoke mmm but I'm so frigging tired I
had sleep last night we didn't sleep so
this is 36 hours no sleep
I got like 10 minutes on the airplane
though so does that count asleep pretty
but nothing they're resting I don't know
what that is
um but I don't care I'm going and
playing in the Sun and the pool and the
oceans I don't care about sleeping no
sleep till Brooklyn
I'm not going to Brooklyn good morning
it's day two for me in Hawaii uh
yesterday we got here and literally we
were so tired just so exhausted we went
in the pool at one point for like five
minutes and then we put our feet in the
ocean and we were just like falling
asleep so we actually didn't take a nap
which is like my nightmare but and we
were just exhausted I got food we walked
around food good good I came back I
think Matt will sleep at like 9:00 else
we fed 11 because I didn't want to fell
asleep at night and wake up at 5:00 a.m.
and be like wide awake so instead woke
up with seven but now we're getting
ready and everyone we're gonna do today
you have no plans we don't have any
plans we have one day of plants and
that's a wedding but we're just going
with the flow
whatever
want to do mine swim with turtles
Michael paddleboarding might rent an
inflatable donut don't know llegando but
we're gonna do it and let's do it
together because I am opposed to this
vlog channel really like time and you're
all getting pissed at me look
Oh
all right so today we're going to
Lanikai Beach it's like a 30 40 minute
drive for us but we wanna go chug on out
and we're doing whatever we want to do
that's what we're doing right now and
that's where we're going and that's the
end
all right we made it to where we're
gonna be but um I don't want to take my
vlog with me so I'm just gonna take my
GoPro and my not even think I'm gonna
take my phone I think I just gonna take
my GoPro
whoops me ah so we hung it at the beach
like an hour and a half and then we got
hungry you're trying to find a beach
with like less tourists but I think
every tourists on the island had the
exact same idea and went all to the same
Beach so I just think this island super
touristy there's so many people anyway
so we're gonna go grab something to eat
and I get sunburned I don't know we'll
find out later so we're eating at a
place called Mahalo hot burger and we
came here because for one reason they
found tater tots who doesn't love a good
Tater Tot for the liver not crispy
delicious potato I'm obsessed you also
have burgers here so we decided to drive
around a little bit and we found a beach
that's very much secluded and very much
a local Beach so we won't disturb anyone
too much cuz we don't want to be this
annoying tourists so we're just going to
hang out on this Beach for a bit
we found it log to sit on but we're
watching these two girls serve and they
haven't caught a wave yet and we decide
that we're not going to leave until
someone catches the wave because why not
make up random rules like that while in
Hawaii so oh oh she rebels caught it and
she sucks
pitch the wings catch all the waves
oh I check I didn't know she missed it
got far enough out you gotta be like ya
think the truck that one girls trying to
pedal well they're not paddling hard
enough the tide is rising and no one has
caught a wave come on got a loan boogie
board over here Oh a boogie board er
that's fun alone
we've just gotten my shot
where you going so lame a okay they
finally caught some waves one chick
caught two waves and we left it was a
lot of fun though I did not catch it on
camera because it took them literally an
hour to catch a wave
anyway we are about to head out to
dinner it's like 5:00 and I'm hungry so
that's what's happening and you can come
on with me
also side no coconut water I find it
disgusting
I think coconut coconut water just I
can't put my finger on the flavor but
it's gross Matt didn't believe me
so I bought him some and he drank it and
he says it tastes like dirty socks what
I don't think that's technically what it
tastes like but I in the comments or
tweet me out here where you put it let
me know what you think coconut water
tastes like because the flavor of
coconut every time I've had like coconut
chips like what flakes of coconut
anything tastes good
coconut water no I'm not for it so I
need to know what it tastes like so I
can't quite put my finger on it so would
you guys tell me what it tastes like
and don't say coconut don't relate it to
something give me an example of what it
tastes like don't be a little Punk's
okay we had dinner I didn't show you
because I ate it past and now some I'm
on the streets when some dudes are gonna
start doing something
Hey
