hey go so guess what I'm doing today I'm
going to Canada it's Friday right now
and so I am flying up to Canada tonight
and I'm hanging out there it cleans last
weekend so she wants to party so that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna party
Harty not like normal people kind of
partying like well we party like we make
food and then we that's it
Canada now and Stephanie's here with us
that where is she there Stephanie Cory
and Colleen ran away as normal by oh
it's time to get food bye so for
Christmas Colleen bought me a Lizzie
McGuire board game and I have not
touched it and I decided to bring it up
here this weekend and we are trying to
figure this thing out but it doesn't
make any sense and then we just started
seeing this latrine Tomatoes this is
such a hard game mom singing did tell we
gave up on the game was that English
well we gave up on the game it was so
strange and weird we had a lot of fun
doing it and now Colleen's we're
watching something this time to him
Anthony came to fourth of July yeah that
was a lot of years ago is the next
morning and we're gonna go to Granville
Island today I don't know what else the
plans are but that's what you know
because that's what I know by in action
red though is not actually i Perry says
it is but it's not an island is
something that's so wrong about water
and the other take a Epping boat to it
Harry thinks it is because there's like
a bridge like man-made thing that she's
got travel across to get to the
Granville Island
an island promising a boat to get to
them have no uh but you fly to it over
the waters you can get down a bridge no
coin when we go today you got we're all
going to see grandpa island is not an
island I'm second-guessing it yeah no I
know I've been there are many a time to
fetch this one doughnuts every time I go
to Amman is not an effing island all
right we'll see Cory we'll see we're on
the islands it's not an island all there
is water there is water surrounding it
and we're crossing a bridge oh sorry
this that is not one of a component uh
but its water I'm I have to look at a
map to really see if it's a nice door ok
Colleen's excited
all right where we left Granville Island
I don't like it was an island I've been
quarries right that's not an island but
I'm gonna check a map to confirm but our
I'd some suspension bridge in North Bend
what is it home lynn canyon yeah
so that's we're about to do or we're
trying to do this huge line that it we
went on in good where's Corey still
taking a picture gotta get that perfect
selfie
Cory dope chuckle don't touch it Oh
we're rebels and jumped over the fence
and now we're on some ledge because it's
gorgeous
hey so it's many hours later we did fun
things we went to someplace with like
300 flavors of ice cream and now we're
getting more food we're eating crepes
we're out shopping right now and later
we're going to go see the fireworks
there's some firework show I don't know
anything about it
we're gonna do that right now we're
eating crepe from those fireworks I
talked about four seconds ago we're on
our way there now we're walking and it's
crowded and a Hugh made it walking I'm
not happy is running we left a little
late so we're all like speed walking but
we're all like above five foot so
Stephanie is sprinting for child anyway
we're on our way to the fireworks I
don't think there's a reason for these
things I don't quite now the only time I
you see some fireworks is Disneyland and
fourth of July it's a little odd for me
but I've been bracing it
you
you
so the fireworks were super chill and
now Anthony collator making enchiladas
whatever that one I am about right how
long do they take to cook 25 minutes oh
good more than what we've already done
okay great
it'll be delicious at 3:00 a.m. keep up
the good work guys
and you know what those enchiladas were
delicious I had a lot of them I'm home
now I'm back in my office I left Sunday
night yeah also first real problem
coming at you my flight was 30 minutes
delayed and then we landed at LAX and we
sat on the tarmac for an hour and a half
they didn't have a gate for us to go to
so I literally was that we were sitting
or see everyone was freaking out we're
just like bored out of her mind and then
I please get your seatbelts on you
cannot go to the bathroom you cannot do
anything and I was just I was dead it
was so annoying so I didn't get home I
was supposed to go to home at like
midnight I got home at 1:30 instead so
that was fantastic
anyway but first of all problems I'm
alive doesn't matter that's it fit a
sock thanks for watching
and I'll probably see you on Wednesday
all right
you
