what's up it is Tuesday morning I'm
announcing my house today on the main
channel but I won't go back 6:30 that's
a lie
6:40 because I hit the snooze and I came
over at the new house at 7:00 and
started sanding and cleaning and I have
some guys they're finishing up the wall
mess that happened they took down a wall
and they have to patch the floors I know
how to lay in floors but I don't know
how to patch it so they have to do that
for me but I'm on my way to Home Depot
it's now 9:30 so I'm working for an hour
and a half there is dust I'd like so
when you take down a wall dust is bound
to happen and then when you let it you
have to sand it and then just there's
just white dust everywhere in my house
and because we're laying down no floor I
don't want attract that dust from the
old floor to the new floor so I'm like
trying to pick it all up but it's
impossible because they're still there
working and making a mess still so I'm
like vacuuming the air anyway but I have
no home depot right now to get paint to
touch up my office and then a push broom
and some goo off because there was like
some stickers on the wall apparently I
don't know that's what I'm off to do
right now and then I have to go back
because finish working it's never
finished but keep working until the
plumber gets there because I'm getting a
tankless water heater put in so I can
fit my truck in the garage this is a
water heater there right now you can't
park it in the plane it's a whole thing
you don't realize when you buy a house
that everything connects I'm not
complaining I that I've found it
fascinating and I'm totally okay with
everything but like there's the garage
and there's these poles in the garage
like basically almost in the middle and
then behind those are water heaters and
a heater and I was like I need to take
this poles down Lauren take the poles
down I'd have to remove the water heater
and make a tankless and put it up
against the wall the reason the poles
are there so no one can run into the
water heaters in order to park the truck
in the garage after take down the poles
in order to take down the poles I have
to take out the tank and put in the
tankless and that's the whole thing
then the floors are still just guys I
can't I I'm loading everything so
haven't been able to tell you anything
so much is happening there's so many I'm
just checking over the balls there right
now but the good thing is I haven't
switched the trash to my name yet the
good thing is that they're still taking
the trash so I don't know who's paying
from a trash right now but it's almost
paid for it
I've been working my house all day I
haven't even picked up my blog camera
the guys are supposed to finish the
floors today but they had some issues so
they're coming back tomorrow and the
water heater guys coming back tomorrow
and I'm setting up to prime some spots
on the wall and then dip you Prime's up
first coming back it's my other house
and eating dinner and showering and then
I'll come back and paint him in shower
today it's 5 o'clock I smelled that like
I can smell myself
