ah so I finished the last vlog I ended
it in the middle of today so I'm still
vlogging but I don't quite know how to
start this vlog because I started in the
morning and my god good morning and then
you get my coffee with me or I get my
coffee with you when you watch me drink
coffee um but it's the middle of the day
I am drinking coffee right now but it's
in the other room I drink coffee a lot
what a way to start a vlog right so
entertaining guys I'm gonna take my
Rachel's room and I try to put this into
a tweet but I didn't quite know to
explain it it just that many characters
I'm editing my Rachel's room right now
I'm doing my ask Siri selection and my
phone keeps popping on and seared keeps
trying to talk to me while I'm editing
this this doesn't work hey Siri hey Siri
hey Siri okay she finally came on
usually she doesn't come on at all watch
this thanks Siri would you rock you
don't need to thank me ah she thinks I'm
talking to her but it's the computer ah
you're an idiot I'm not talking to you
Siri oh shoot
ah gotcha I just thought it was funny
that when I'm editing
that's when she works cuz usually
whenever I try to do the hey Siri thing
and you're supposed to like pop on so
you can be like washing dishes and being
okay so you play this music and she's
supposed to pop on you she doesn't ever
do that the only time she's ever worked
is when it's the computer saying it
because it's electronics they talk to
each other anyway I'm just editing right
now it's midnight and I work better at
night in the daytime I want to have fun
and play go run around nighttime it's
time to work that's how I work so that's
what I'm doing
Hey so cool so right now I'm on our way
to go to I think it's a dog shelter for
boxers I don't have all the info right
now but I'm very excited cuz I know I
get to see dogs today
that's coming with me so that I don't
adopt them all but you know Rebecca's
husband Matt plays the he's got a new
job or he he's doing this thing with
this dog food company that has a show
and they give dog food to shelters I
don't know all the information I'll find
out more and give it to you but they
asked me to be on it and I'm very
excited they think that like I'm doing
them a favor by being on it but really
they're doing me a favor because they're
letting me play with dogs come on like
this is just a win for all of us
this is the man that may I can hang out
with doggies all day little heart can
tie him all those little doggie someone
please go save all of them
oh my gosh okay here's the lowdown mass
ways
okay Matt Yocum works for dog for dog he
just started doing it and they're a dog
food company that every time you back
buy a bag of dog food they give a bag to
a shelter and which is obviously awesome
but they have the show called save our
shelter and they go and they renovate
shelters that like are privately funded
or very low funded and so today they did
an episode where they're redoing a boxer
shelter and well they're doing it's like
it takes like two three weeks but I was
on today's shoot of it and place this
lady started 40 years ago and just
sorted rescuing boxers today they like
just found a pitbull under a car and
then rescued that one and then there was
like a bulldog in there but anyway so
they're redoing the shelter I mean they
had me on it to like because I'm a
social media expert Oh there'll they're
like thanking me for being a part of it
I was like no thank you for saving the
doggies they save all the doggies there
were so many dogs
I wanted to take them all home like like
genuinely my motivation to get a house
is so that I can adopt dogs like that's
genuinely it but yeah I think I what is
this what was this place is a boxer
something I'll find Rachel in editing
put the name of the shelter here if you
guys want a boxer cook get a boxer go do
it but ya talk for dog is amazing and
I'm gonna find all the
and I'll admit post instagrams and
Twitter's tweets about it and stuff
please go get the foggy somebody I got
to touch all of them they I got a bunch
of ham kisses and I don't ever want to
wash my hands again and Matt sitting
next to me I know he just heard that and
in his head he could do it we're
breaking up but it's true
okay oh my life is sad now cuz I'm not
around a bunch of dogs I think I'm a
volunteer there
I really dogs alright we just stopped
off at a homebrew store Simi Valley so
you bought a like a Co tank I don't see
you go to tank there it is
co2 thing oh we got a lot of stuff so
that's all that's what that montage was
that's a homebrew store it's just stuff
for homebrew and beer and they've got
some cheese stuff I don't understand
that's something all right that's it for
this vlog I'm closing it out I didn't do
much after the homebrew store I went I
found a pool and went swimming just
broke into one
oh go swimming but now I'm closing
this out so I can start the next vlog
and post this vlog you're welcome but
seriously
bye doggies but don't get a dog unless
you're ready for duck because my biggest
pet peeve is when people adopt dogs and
then don't realize how much work goes
into being a dog owner and then just
return the dog that's messed up
that's why people use the term forever
home that's when you adopt a dog that's
your dog forever like that should be
your dog forever so like it's not just
something that you have Oh could you
like dogs that month and then you just
get rid of it when you're over it it's
not like it stuffed animal it's an
living thing yeah but anyway dog for
dogs great dog food company and then
they have the show save our shelter
which they put thousands upon thousands
of dollars into renovating these
shelters that need it so
great work rockies the dude who owns and
stars in the show and everything he's an
awesome human being I'm so glad I got to
do that and I've been like researching
shelters that's played for coppers I
want to get more involved just being
there made me so happy even though it's
kind of like kind of a depressing state
like seeing all the dogs locked up but
just doggies like there is they're so
happy all the time and it just made me
happy so if you can't adopt just
volunteer if you already own a dog get
dog for dog dog food cuz then they'll
just you know do the charity work for
you and then you know donate a bag all
right that's it I'm done rambling I love
you guys I will see you tomorrow okay
cool hey wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle bit just a little
bit
