good morning people of life daily
vlogging I'm so good I'm getting back
into it like it's my job and I like it
those are things that describe me in
YouTube I don't know I just want to say
good morning I'm about to make some
coffee and then oh this is so lame I
feel so lame
I got rims for my car I have hubcaps on
my car
and I didn't know there was a difference
between the rims and hubcaps I've never
been a car person I know how to change a
flat check the oil put gas in it change
the car battery put windshield wiper
fluid in it I know how to make the car
go but I know nothing about building a
car back you know that suppose this is
the old one anyway I know nothing about
cars really I'm like I know that people
like they go fast but my hubcaps are
super scratched up because I liked
parallel park very close to the curb
which makes my tire scratch then so my
hubcaps are destroyed and I was like I
want new hubcaps and new tires because
my tires are bald and that was like you
know how caps are just plastic if you
got rims they wouldn't scratch like
these are rim so you know those hubcaps
I'm like right said the same thing he's
like no they're not anything as huge
thing explaining to me I was like well
rinse look way better yes because
they're more expensive I was like I want
the bread so I'm getting new tires
I thought might as well go all out and
get some nice rims for a little bit more
money so that's what I did and they
showed up yesterday so we have to find a
tire place today to give me new tires
and put my rims on for me I don't know I
like it I've are not someone that like
five new car every two years a lot of
people do that I like to keep my cars
until they die
so I thought I might just like spruce
this one up a little bit like hey you've
given me two years so far thanks instead
of getting rid of you how would it make
you look a little nicer
yeah that's me I haven't thinking about
getting a truck that's like a lot of
money and I
don't need it so like I'm not actually
gonna do that anytime soon but I've been
thinking about it all right let's do the
day shall we sound the alarms I'm
wearing a dress today looks nice
change of plans we're not doing the
tires today we're doing not on Monday
because the tire place is very busy on a
Saturday
that was stupid of me to think I'd get
something done on the Saturday so
instead we're at lunch also I fixed my
Oakley's I'll pop them back into place
I'm a genius hey block it's the next day
and I just finished filming my Tuesday
video I just wanted to show you that
this saw I got my thumbnail normally I
stand over there but that's too far away
to get a thumbnail because your
thumbnail that's to be like here so I
had to sit on the counter the chimp my
thumbnail is a camera I just thought I
thought you guys know those thumbnails
Widow through a lot to get them mmm
can you guess what video I did my lips
are a hint mm-hmm I'm sorry
so it's Monday now I filmed yesterday
and then got addicted to a TV show so
very protective and today I woke up
early and I went to the mechanic to put
mine to get new tires and to put my new
rims on the car but he has to special
order the tire so he said to come back
in like two three hours so I'm going
back there later but for now I'm just
working from home and just you know my
iced coffee tasted a little sour today I
don't know why I mean I just kept
drinking it I didn't stop I drank it all
but it had a little sour tint to it and
I can't tell oppose the creamer or the
coffee or what might have been ice there
are three factors but I'm too lazy to
figure it out I probably should have
drank it but I did anyway all right the
mechanic just called like 10 minutes
after put my camera down so I am going
to go crap off my car at the mechanic
and then get lunch with Matthew
so that food looks disgusting basically
we a tattered and sauce but it tasted
good I don't know we didn't know what to
do weird the cars gonna be at the place
for the next we're like an hour hour and
a half like that's go good food and the
only place open and around here was that
place I don't know what I just ate it
looks so gross like it came and was out
and I like each other right now
my rims I know it's lame I know but I
like them I was right there I'm happy
with them alright so that's it for this
log thanks for watching and oh tomorrow
at next vlog hopefully this works out I
get to play with a bunch of dogs
tomorrow so hopefully next vlog is just
me playing in a puddle of puppies that
sounds like they're done in a pile with
some point I will be put I'm gonna play
with a bunch of puppies that's it
alright love you guys doctor later be
sick sick pain I'll see you over there
that's me
put ice it
