hi
oh good morning this is me trying to
daily vlog again cuz I've sucked at it
the past few weeks and that's my bad so
by the way it's summertime so now I
drink iced coffee why okay did you guys
watch hopefully you did please do it's I
think it's funny talking to inanimate
objects it's a video I did on my main
channel and in it I have the water just
continuously spewing out and then I yell
at the refrigerator yeah that's actually
broken
whenever I get water the thing doesn't
pop back out it just pushes back and
sometimes it does it on its own so I
just keep like a paper towel back here
so that it doesn't pop out it's really
cool I'm really excited about that I
called maintenance needs like you don't
have to take your whole or frigerator
part so I'll be back next week sweet you
want to see a new toy that I got it
don't judge me don't touch me okay I got
a full squat rack yeah there's a bench
I've been working out three times a week
okay you guys don't care about this but
I'm gonna talk about anyway my boy I
used to live awesome gym I went to
24-hour great gym
it was fantastic loved it move to my new
location which been 24-hour by my new
mat place sucks
it's disgusting it has a one-star rating
on Yelp literally how does that happen
so everyone hates the gym it's a
terrible gym I saw my makeup on from
last night whatever so I was like okay
guy find a different gym the only other
gyms around here are faint the gyms it
cost like 300 bucks a month and I was
like listen after a few months of
working out there
I could have already paid to have a home
gym and I would probably work out more
about a home gym because I don't like
going to the gym so I quit the gym and I
work out place thing now Matt and I get
to work out for free so that's my life
I'm very excited about it getting swole
man get pumped getting swole I just like
being healthy alright I just put a full
face of makeup on it took so much effort
but don't render go to a late lunch at
2:00 p.m. with Rebecca and Heather no we
used to go hiking every week but Heather
has been this busy little bee working
stop and flying all over the world and
so we never have time to lie anymore
oh she doesn't have cup of time but
she's in town for the next two days and
she got to town this morning so we're
meeting up for lunch it should be fine I
like them I miss them I miss hiking once
a week
I haven't hiked in a really long time I
think the last time I were hiking : John
Cory reckon Heather and move and that
was like a month ago right now they were
falling off my head
I put them on my head like you know how
moms do it and they pull it up here and
they were about to fall off my head and
I went to grab them so they wouldn't get
scratched on the ground but then while
in the process of doing that I smashed
them against my head and broke the thing
off and the valet had to help me find it
that's my story and I'm sad which is the
opposite of happy which is what I always
want to be is happy
I've made my way to target so we're a
target right now shopping I need to get
some more stuff for my office which are
some shelves that I'm gonna put up later
oh yeah that's what I'm doing right now
do you guys like my new setup thing I do
now I have more places to put all my
junk alright that's it for this vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it you know I felt
like a douche bag for driving past that
guy who had his car broke down at the
light but I was arguing and I couldn't
pull over and luckily another man Peyman
helped and he was very very nice of him
to help yes I like when I see good
people in the world that's all coming up
closing this out I love you guys and
I'll hopefully see you tomorrow
yeah okay cool let me
