I need it all right now bless ya head
trauma girl now right now I would never
gone chef what we talkin them I always
wonder if you ask yourself just me the
people next door you're laughing at me
as I was dancing don't hit that lady
lady's ruining you do you guys are
having when you're driving and you're
trying to make an unprotected laugh okay
you're spread oh and you have a car
opening like a random car opening that's
like a magical thing but then there's a
freaking pedestrian walking across the
street that goes negative miles an hour
and ruins your left turn let's uh noise
are we Hey how come every time I turn
the camera on I can't get it over
everywhere saw guys the stupid boots
good I'm in it just perfect it's all
stupid but I love being along with it
that is a police limousine wait what no
I don't think I could get it
you guys see this limousine back here
well nice little men that's a limousine
police guard oh you can't see it they're
so far away it looks like a normal car
so I don't roll this is but there's a
limousine police car I'm very confused
by it
you see funny
let's get dang it good hi good at that
time
guys this one came in the mail because
every I haven't even opened it I got it
this far out of the package would
realize that I knew what it was and I
wanted to film me opening it with you
guys come on really really good opening
things crack my gold play button oh I'm
quite happy right now
this is very amazing I'm very happy with
myself I got it it came in the mail it's
here okay so it's the next morning and I
woke up at like 9:30 hanging out in bed
and then I was like my phone's not
charging that's weird
so I get up and I go to the bathroom and
the bathroom lights will turn on and I
was like wait a second
and then I walked around my apartment
and the electricity the whole apartment
was out I like was flipping circuit
breakers I couldn't figure it out so I
called I tried to call my management I
like the apartment management company
and they weren't answering I was like
what is happening and then finally I got
a knock on my door and it was my
apartment manager so like the
electricity the entire building is out
and also across the street and all over
so oh well let you know when we know
things so that was at 9:30 and it just
became 11:50 and the electricity just
went back on I took a cold shower cuz I
was like I sat and did nothing for good
hmm
hour and a half because I was like I
have like what am I supposed to do like
there's nothing to do
I couldn't edit because I have a iMac
and so finally getting my coffee I have
an iMac which needs to be plugged in in
order to run and like even if I edited I
couldn't post because my internet was
down so there's a whole kerfuffle of
thing so I was about to leave the house
to go do a bunch of stuff but I kind of
need to get done this week at some point
I like turning my friends marriage
licenses oh by the way I'm married to
people well I didn't I'm I was in a
fishing at a wedding Saturday last
Saturday and so I have to turn in their
marriage licenses and I was about to go
do that and I
look at the GPS and it's an hour away
and so I think I might do that tomorrow
instead I should edit and drink my
coffee and do stuff here first
I'm very sad I took a very cool shower
it's I woke up with 933 night I'm gonna
rule the day I got all this plan I'm
good to go and then the world didn't
want me to so that's it all right just
thought I'd talk I mean
come to me my parity I'm gonna cheat my
purity keep it coming come on I know you
got one more trip in you come on give it
to me not on me there it is thank you I
am a courthouse of some sort and I just
dropped off my friend's marriage license
so they are officially made cousin me I
did everything
no I just showed up and ride something
they wrote so they're officially married
that's weird right that I had that I
have power to marry human beings anyone
have had the power it's just it the
state of California makes it very easy
just go online and become more deigned
it takes about five minutes and zero
dollars all right I'm gonna head home
now though
alright ladies and gents that's it for
this vlog you may have noticed I change
my shirt in like every single shot it's
because they're all different things I'm
sorry I haven't posted like a week no
excuses just haven't done it I love you
guys and I hope you guys enjoy this
black above Lord and I will see you
later ok cool
