hi-ho hi-ho it's not work I go see bump
off heigh-ho heigh-ho heigh-ho all right
let me tweet up the link hey guys how
you doing good so I just want to hang
out with you guys today I haven't had a
livestream a really really really long
time so I wanted to hang out and see
what's up and like oh people I feel like
I was live streaming a lot for a while
and then I just stopped I'm mad about it
I think it's the first time I'm
live-streaming at this location correct
I haven't live stream oh my gosh that
means Everett likes you for like a month
and a half more than that I'm sorry
please forgive me for all of my sins
hey people are watching what's up human
beings let's check on Twitter make sure
we're working hard Becca texted me okay
mmm I wonder her to get that pedicure
with me because I like freaking wedding
the Saturday and I think I'm wearing
sandals and my feet need help they don't
look that know they kind of look bad do
you see this do you see that that's a
foot that I have it's not good do you
see these toes they need desperate help
so I'm getting a pedicure done and I
think tomorrow morning oh my gosh the
wedding's tomorrow I'm officiating a
wedding tomorrow
good I read over it a few times when I
did Tina's Simon's wedding is like I
know everyone that was coming so it was
fine no big deal but I only have like a
one-page read which was fine it was cool
this ceremony's a little bit longer
because they books the thing for longer
and the reception thing anyway so I've
more to say at this wedding which is
fine now cuz I've gotten more used to
public speaking we talk often so I've
gotten used to speaking so it shouldn't
be to add anyway I think I just I am
stressed about I what I bought a dress
we got mad a new suit it's light gray I
like it he looks good we tried to find a
tag to match my dress and it just
doesn't exist it doesn't exist so I
think he might be going tireless so he's
wearing like a full-on soon there's no
tie whatever I don't care I should go
get him just like a random color tie
right I don't know was there a hashtag
oh I don't know make up a hashtag guys I
don't have a brain power for this all
right guys create a hashtag I don't
wanna do it Rach hashtag Rachel needs
foot help all right
hashtag Rachel needs foot help thank you
everybody that is the hashtag three
people two in it to be at once so that's
what it is I do need foot help I'm going
in the rehearsal for this thing tonight
it's at 5:00 which we'd like to leave my
apartment at 3:00 I've to pick up Matt's
pants from the tailor and then I have to
go to the rehearsal next come home and
make sure I have everything ready my mom
says I'll get a penny with you all right
mom be here tomorrow morning that's it
oh I'm getting my hair cut tomorrow
morning yeah I still don't have a
cardigan I needed one or a shawl or
something that goes over my dress when
it gets cold I don't have that do I need
that
can I just no I do need it because I
might get cold so long work ice uh all
right let me go on Twitter let's let's
interact
let's have me stop complaining and just
like chitchat my mom's watching explorer
daughter work she's watching bears cool
tell the Bears I say hello mother what
college
dress it's a blue it's a dark bright
blue I know that sounds weird and it's
because it is and that's why I can't
find a freaking tie that matches what is
the lesson for your new Sunday video
it's the Twitter your poll says it it's
sexual education
I thought that two days ago yesterday I
felt it yesterday that was a weird video
so it's not a lot of things I never
thought I'd say on camera I've tried I
would like okay so tomorrow is the
Sundays is sexual education and the
following Sunday will be how to cure
hiccups because that was a close second
like people need to know how to cure
hiccups by Twitter one I'm doing this
based on Twitter polls Twitter one you
Nasty's wanted to talk about sex you
know nasty talk about sex so yeah I I
did its I just like 35 footage of me
being like vagina so that's my mom's
calling me live-streaming
what's up okay I'll let them know that I
love you bye
my mom stopped watching bears on
Explorer dog org to watch me as I was
informed that I had to tell you this so
what were we talking about
I don't know mom they know you love me I
love you it's a fan happy family do you
play pokemon go no I don't what is that
it's Pokemon I'm guessing but what's the
go part I don't know what that is and I
can draft picture me too
I'm not anything hung up I have one
board hung up Mike this is the calendar
there's things hanging off of it but I
have shells I have to put up I just I
don't want the holes in the wall but I
have to but I'm just putting it off
how's your day today it was good I woke
up go dress that's about it not here I
mean I did my chores I chores at
watering my plants Blanca Patricia and
violet i watered them and then
I put the couch back together okay when
my couch got delivered lovely most
comfortable thing in the world there's
one compartment you open it the little
lever last thing about was Russell over
it like what in the world and so we got
Russ
take her off her stuff and so I took a
part part of the couch yesterday and
like did Russ stuff to it and then this
morning I put it back together and I'm
really happy that there's no more rust
all over my couch why why was the rust
on my brand new couch I don't know I
don't know these things but I didn't
wanna like return the whole dang thing
so I just paid five bucks for rust
remover yeah thank you thank you for
asking how my day was how was your guys
day going do you guys like what I do
surprised live streams or do you like
when I give you a heads up that they're
happening I was gonna give you a heads
up but then I didn't want to commit to
it until the moment was right and I was
originally the livestreamer 11:00 a.m.
my time but then I decided to go for
noon how much are you getting a haircut
just I like to go to the nipple and then
let grow past the nipple and then cut it
back up to the nipple that's right
that's how I do it so I'm just gonna
really chew 3 inches cut off no big deal
just a little trim that needs a haircut
as well and so I said I'd go with him
that's motivation for him to get his
hair fats are you reading heels to the
wedding no because I would be towering
over the bride and groom if I did the
bride is 5 9 so short of the mean I
think she'll be wearing heels and then I
think the groom I think he is 511 so I
didn't want to wear heels and tear over
them I asked them she doesn't care about
anything but the girl was like I'd
prefer you were flats it's like okay I
got you buddy don't worry about it he
cares more about the wedding than she
does like she was to be married she's
all about it but she's not really a
planner type she's like what do we call
this happen at the wedding and this
happen and she doesn't do anything to do
it and he's the kind of person that
makes all those things happen so Bertie
they have a good relationship she comes
up with all the
he makes it happen but so whenever I've
had a question about the wedding I asked
him not her all right let's see here
I'm going to camp for three weeks on
Sunday and I'll miss your videos um you
can watch mom when you get back I feel
like a lot of people are at camp I've
seen so many people go I never went to
camp I went to one camp once for one day
but that was it but you guys got a camp
for so long is because your parents
don't want you guys in the house like
school's over uh what do we do friend of
always send Oh Holloway are you guys
actually don't you have fun I think
you're tricked into enjoy you think you
enjoyed it it was originally get out of
house and then you got addicted Oh
parents are smart Oh guys don't worry go
back to camp but they might the Internet
is what sits on the internet it doesn't
leave the internet so when you come back
you search and you can see everything
you watch all my videos you can see all
my tweets my sister grant posts and if I
delete anything I'm sure people have
proof that it existed it will point you
to ask your friends that's all it is or
you can sneak phones and things into
camp get a little hotbox internet thing
how about those are both hot it's hot
boxing it dry thing watch them I'm a
great influence aren't I what are your
thoughts on Colleen shades breeze oh my
god I love those things fun for anyone I
thought I saw something back there
there's nothing back there wait how tall
are you
I'm 510 if I stand up straight I have a
terrible terrible habit of slouching and
then my belly sticks out and I look like
in all my pictures but yeah if I stand
up straight and I have a good posture
I'm 510 and then the shoes on them like
normal shoes on like five ten and a half
five eleven and then with heels I'm like
so I got here late why do you need foot
health Sarah because my feet are
disgusting and I need to get a pedicure
tomorrow morning before I wear flats or
sandals to a wedding so there you go
everyone caught up that's why I hash tag
Rachel needs foot health my feet are
disgusting like always it doesn't matter
how hard I try and keep them clean and
do whatever like I got peg I was like
doing my old pedicures constantly just
getting dead skin off wearing socks
never going outside barefoot you cannot
help my feet might be artists Nick I
know what's going on with them but
they're always callous see they're
always shedding skin
there's always something black on them
they're always disgusting always dirty
and I don't understand
like I will take a shower put on socks
put on shoes go do my day come back Matt
will have done the exact same thing I
take my socks and shoes off whatever we
both walk around the park at ten minutes
life people would be black and hit
somebody just like they just like
madness for dirt and I don't quite
understand it but seriously I don't see
like when I was little I was like oh yes
I go out side outside barefoot duh but I
don't have any even because I don't even
I don't go outside beautiful it I have
like a balcony and I were saying those
when I go out on the balcony but that's
it that's a bright window anyway yeah
that's all I have to say about that this
is my back I don't want to be super
backlit that's a thing just let me be
let me be myself just let me let guys
let me live all right back to this
flop yes stop I got a tweet saying
Rachel at the flaps a thing and I was
like okay yeah cuz I invented it but I'm
sure it's a thing that like everything's
already a thing I just haven't seen
before so I did invent it just after
someone else did oh I don't know if it
was the name the flop is a thing or the
dance moves cuz if those the dance move
is that act like if that was actually a
thing that was actually a dance move
called the flop and I did it too
I have not seen that or heard of it so I
don't know how I create I don't know
whatever how did that Burke feel it felt
good it felt really good huh
Android or Apple Apple listen okay I
have have a lot of friends you have like
PCs and androids Samsung stuff and I
have a lot of friends who have had Apple
products but pros and things like that I
have never seen someone make the switch
from an Apple product to like a PC
Samsung product I've only seen it go
from Samsung and PC to Apple like I've
never seen people do Apple and be like
no this is not for me and go back to PC
stuff I'm just saying Apple Mac stuff
better you get like it's just so much
simpler everything just syncs up to each
other and it just works
and your Imus is just are blue do you
know the answer the YouTube / Andrew
Lowe yes I do
he just pranks on people no offense but
they love disgusting just because you
said no offense doesn't mean is that
offensive I know they're disgusting
you're at the point about how this
hashtag is pointing it out but I just
got mad because you said no offense it's
offensive
you know it's offensive that's why you
said no offense because you knew it
wasn't just because you say no offense
doesn't make it not offensive any longer
favorite brand of lettuce I don't have
lettuce
ah how often you do you scroll through
your timeline pretty often and just
though Matt scrolls through my tech
might as well I'll be on Twitter and
it'll steal my phone back let me look
I bet he looks lured by Twitter so
Matt's probably seen your noses tweets
just so you know
do you have Netflix how do I do
get out of here are you in Hawaii again
yes I am I already have a trip planned I
have another friend getting married in
Hawaii she's from Hawaii
she lives in Hawaii so it's not like
she's destination wedding it's her
hometown but I get to go Hawaii for it
I'm not officiating that one that one
I'm just attending just get white
sandals I am I think I am getting white
sandals do-do-do-do-do where do you find
your ideas for your DIY stuff um
Pinterest the internet let me run my
office behind what do I need can I make
something out of this kind of how do I
make this how can I make this cool I
like run out of ideas though which is
bad which just means I need to search
the internet more um look around get
inspired by things search on Pinterest
look around that's about it since I come
up with any video idea or ask the
Internet
sometimes you guys come up with really
good ideas do you watch orange is the
new black yes I have not finished the
most recent season but that's it I I do
watch it but I get sad like I feel like
this just it gets depressing so I have
to watch it little spurts or else I just
like get depressed can you keep all your
fingers straight and only bend your
pinky yes there's other thing
that's something people can't do this I
do it with any finger people not do that
let me feel like that's normal what are
you doing October 14th are just watching
Netflix maybe childhood cartoon if Eddie
I watched the Rugrats a lot that was a
good one if you can sister Lizzy
McGuire's brain as a cartoon but Lizzie
McGuire I hated that thing
you guys ever watch Liz McGuire if you
did you remember whatever she would have
liked a thought process or whatever
you'd see the little cartoon then like
the cartoon ones do stuff I hated that
cartoon loved the show
hated the cartoon I hate what why why
was there a cartoon in there I didn't
understand it didn't make sense
I hate when people mix cartoons with
real life ie to be a cartoon or be real
life
don't mix it never liked it huh Turgut
or Best Buy Target
I feel like Best Buy cheats you out of a
lot of things like not sheets you they
overcharge you for stuff like I've been
in there did you do to do walking in I
needed a cord for my antenna because I'm
really cool and I just have like 15
other antenna that's how I watch sports
um but I needed at an extending one
because my antenna only work in my
bedroom and not in living room so I I
needed to be able to run it to the
living room TV and I went in there and
there cord for it was like 50 bucks this
is the world Amazon and it was five
bucks no say it was exact same quarters
like what's happening what's happening
here why is this this and then when I
went to Target it was like 15 bucks
cause like at least turn to East allure
Church but it's not as much as Best Buy
fifty dollars for Corky me get my face I
bought it on Amazon but yeah I feel like
Best Buy yeah it looks really nice and
they got a lot of stuff but I feel like
they cheat you a lot also
their website things are cheaper on the
website than in the store that doesn't
even make sense to me at all like how is
that a thing how let's what it's the
same store you just on the Internet
can you shut up for five minutes while I
watch Colleen's videos thanks you can
hear it as much
how about you go away and I don't like
you do you have Hulu yes have you
stalked a fans Twitter before yes did
you get the g7x camera no okay I sent
back the g1x but I'm just scared order
than anyone I need it I should get it
but I'm you're scared to order it oh
this person made their dog do the flop
Thank You Claire it's lovely to see
would you rather have a dragon or be a
dragon I'm gonna have a dragon to ride
that thing around start any fire you
want legally I wouldn't like set things
on fire
like I want up some s'mores make me a
fire like that's it who would live in a
cave together that'd be fun yeah I want
to dragon are you currently reading any
good books no but it was clear to me the
thing that I read what are you drinking
an iced coffee it's my first coffee of
the day did I have coffee yesterday I
think I did the middle with it did I
only had coffee yesterday huh I skip
today maybe that's why I was so tired no
I definitely have coffee yesterday
welcome early yesterday so I have coffee
yeah
this person's 8 days of school left are
you in America there's no way you're
living in America
everyone's on break there's no way there
is no way summer solstice already
happened fourth of July already happened
you must not be in America I am sorry
for you but there is no way that you are
an American and still in school bagel is
it bagel or bagel it's bagel who says
bagel niggas heard sullen community this
show community sake I go what someone
says violence fatal how much do you
clean your house like all the time we do
it together
would you ever come back to Nebraska
okay everywhere everywhere like ten
minutes
random landless song anyway it's a it's
a foul song I love to sing it to match
it's a good song
uber every way like uber the app the car
service uber everywhere that song we're
obsessed with right now play every time
we get in the garbage
what's your favorite British candy if
you have tried any I tried a lot I don't
remember what my favorite British candy
is I don't go
sorry no bueno for you you're trending
higher than home alone right home alone
trending right after you read that mean
tweet you lost to viewers video ditched
me what video did she put up people
asking my favorite brand of glasses is I
don't know sunglasses I have Oakley's
pants I don't think I don't know I don't
know brand names those are only two I
know ended in a do you have any advice
for someone who is having trouble
putting in context yes do it have to do
it so just do it
pull down your eye and just stick it in
that's how you do put look up stick in
and then blink a lot and then do this
and then look and then you have it
that's how you make sure your hands
don't have lint on them like Rin some of
the water and then stick your hand and
know about contacting you get the
contact put it the right way I squirt
the solution on then do it all over
again that's how you put a contact in
its gonna suck for the first two weeks
and then you're used to it I feel like
I've said this before I'll say it again
but that's because I remember the
struggle when I first had cosmic said it
was no one there to help me made my mom
stand there just emotional support I
just understand how terrible will this
have you ever got your wisdom teeth out
I just did it it sucks please pray so
Jesus please play for Jack don't pay for
him - yeah um I got mine out yep those
that that sucked
I hated having the gauze in my mouth
like you know you're you're not
conscious during the surgery so it
doesn't matter well you shouldn't be um
but afterwards you're like doped up and
whoever and then it's like six hours
later when you're in bed and you're like
I have gauze in my mouth that my mouth
get this out is disgusting it's fuzzy
and in my mouth fuzzy things for not
being in my mouth
get out that's what I hated and then
they gave me a vicodin but it didn't
really do anything for me like oh stop
taking it like two days later looks like
but the worst part of the entire okay
the gods was terrible but the worst part
is I'm obsessed with rice I eat rice of
like everything like Mexican Mexican
rice my favorite kind of rice sticky
rice like so whenever I would go I was
in it was my senior year of high school
when I got my wisdom teeth out every day
for lunch I kept eating rice and the
rice kept getting stuck in the holes
I had the dissolvable stitches but like
rice kept getting stuck in back there
and so I had four classes a day we were
black schedule so go period one to lunch
then three four
so in period three I'd be full time I
didn't learn anything that like week and
a half because I was just sitting there
working my tongue trying to get rice out
of mouth cuz I kept going to get like
burritos or with rice in them or like
Chinese food I don't know for some
reason I kept getting rice every single
day freaking week that I got I would sit
out and I would just sit in there my
tongue trying to get this rice out it
was terrible it was hilarious though
yeah I was very smart feelings about
cooling getting nominated for two Teen
Choice Awards she deserves it here in
the Philippines school starts at June in
and ends March that sucks
Spotify or iTunes I just signed up for I
music so I'm little iTunes on this one
what's your favorite type of pasta
madness turn make these pasta with
sausage in it and like I'm obsessed with
that right now
maybe I'm just obsessed with sausage but
good what's the mystery jar in the bath
craft there's two mystery jars of a
craft a really long time ago someone
said : my mom and I all of these these
jars with he was like Christmas presents
at him and I stole all the jars gave him
the presents fill all the jars cuz I
wanted them and I was using for my flour
sugar and brown sugar and then I just
got new jars they like Tupperware they
push the linen and it's suction cups and
push the lid my blood comes out I don't
know what they're called anyway so I
just got these new ones that are bigger
so cuz I was having trouble fitting my
flower in them and then also I couldn't
like scoop anything out because the
holes were so small so I just switched
and then I didn't throw away two jars
cuz I like the jars so I'm keeping them
and I don't know what to do with them
yet but they're there there's one more
but I'm using it for my powdered sugar
all right that's the mysterious doors in
the background
me not doing oh it's no crap what craft
should I do
I don't know what craft to do with them
but I should do a craft do you like the
water bottles with the screw on caps or
the caps that flip up I'm gonna put the
screw on cap I don't think I like the
flip up captain I don't think I do
I don't enjoy that very much I think my
feet on the desk again and I shouldn't
do that because your camera screen shake
just let me live for a second this what
scares you the most the fact that people
can just kill people who think that's a
thing people just keep dying that scares
the crap out of me no one's safe
everyone just everyone's dying it's not
good it's not sick look that scares the
crap out of me that's it
teach us something I know you um
teach you something uh-huh
that's what Sunday's for what do you
wanna learn mmm
can you guys twirl pen like this did you
see that wasn't even in frame I supposed
to teach you something you just go how
do I get it Boop so you hold it like
this and then it's just it's your ring
finger just slightly guides it around
your thumb and then you grab it with
these two fingers that even make sense
that's I just do this when I'm bored I
have a pen in my hand loop sophomore
year junior year of high school softn
junior year of high school I learned
that in my English class because I was
so freaking bored that was a boring
subject English boring do you know if
you're coming on to her anywhere with
clean um not that I know of I don't have
any plans to I was thinking about going
on her Europe tour but I already have a
trip planned write it right in the
middle of it so I don't think I can know
so I don't think I'm going on that one
and then I don't I don't have any plans
there are no plans I'm sorry I'm gonna
try to like if there's ever an
opportunity in which I can I probably
will but I've been on the books
how are your plants doing Blanca
Patricia are doing really well well he
that is struggling like one day she look
like she's on the verge of death and
then she'll kind of come back to life
and then it's back and it's like this
back and forth look I don't know what
they cuz Blanc and Patricia are doing
great and I'm treating them the same way
I'm treating violet for some reason
violets just like not doing well I think
I've got a bad clam I'm trying my
hardest I'm not giving up she's doing
she's living she's alive she's just I
don't think she's living to her full
potential Blanca is the best of all of
them
she is just sprouting new flowers every
other day she's just a living
do the oil density science project
thingies for the jar screenshotting Matt
I don't know what that is I'll look at
that later thanks Alexandria this is the
craziest person in your family huh I'm
not gonna say it's not like it's an
extended family member but I know who
the orga there's a couple there's a
couple of Grace's not every family's
perfect
even the balancers we have our flocks
the people on your live stream are being
nasty run Rachel run don't be nasty
nasty don't be nasty on Twitter I like
Twitter Twitter's cool like dollars
legit on Twitter I also love snapchat I
can't see you guys in reaction I can
only see how much you screenshot
something so I saw I know something's
good on snapchat
how many screenshots it's got Twitter
sometimes there's there's a rotten egg
in the bunch but most probably good mr.
rim
I'll take your leave it but I guess
YouTube people just get like to get
nasty and rude so apparently people are
getting nasty that's a thing today is my
birthday
happy birthday - your birthday is today
any of you happy birthday I hope you
have a great day
I hope it's a wonderful day if it's not
try again a year do you keep up with
YouTube drama drama also please give me
a shot at living videos okay Wendy
there's a shout out um YouTube drum um
depends on the drama I don't know do you
mean like fandom drama cuz I keep up on
the fan of drama also always super not
necessary but the YouTube grabber I
don't know is there you don't know like
among youtubers I would like to know
about this drama
to the toughest whose wedding
officiating a friend from high school
who who we recently just rekindled our
relationship that sounds weird
we were we were friends in high school
and then we didn't talk while we were in
college and then a year huh no she we
snap chatted each other like hey live
near each other let's hang out again her
wedding and then I would sit eighth
grade with putting the high school with
her and then she met her soon-to-be
husband her fiance um like the day after
we graduated high school but I knew him
from eighth grade so I went to e3 with
him and she did start met him after high
school and I went to high school with
her we all know each other but from
different parts of life
do you like the Kylie lip kit I do don't
own one um but I like her lip line I
like it do you know the muffin man the
muffin that's all oh my god I can't hit
the pen flip thing and I'm stressing it
just takes a lot of practice and a lot
of just your pen flying places and just
never finding it again call us I'm busy
live streaming Olivia I don't have time
to take calls unless they're from my
mother okay so I had an idea for a tour
just rent out McDonald's party room will
help pay and we'll just hang that's not
a tour that's just me hanging out with
people I feel I guess it is what is it
or what's the definition of a tour I
guess there's like book tours and show
tours so I guess that is but it could be
just a tour of me hanging out at
McDonald's party rooms
Madonna's party reps wait go back rewind
if this was an editing thing the music
would have stopped just then wait
mcDonald's has party roofs I have never
been to McDonald's in which there's a
party room they have just one giant
dining room thing but there's no there's
no like I mean there's bulkhead
sometimes but feel like ball pits are
getting taken out because people well in
Santa Barbara anyway I bought pits got
banned because people are like putting
needles and crap at the bottom of them
and then children were stepping on
needles like what the crap party gross
but it's a cute idea destiny the Midwest
McDonald's go all out dollars party
rooms that I don't think I will do that
to her but it is a very amazing tour
idea
hello I'm here did you miss anything
crazy yes a monkey came in through a
banana then ran out then right
afterwards there was a little parrot it
just kind of kept flying back and forth
and then that eventually broke out the
window it's just like rammed into the
window and it shattered then went out
and then a window man came back in and
fix the window and then that's what you
missed right everyone right what's the
hashtag you're late Rachel needs foot
help can you do a quick sassy that's
using the clock I did an entire music
video 10 seconds long me do anything
flops I'm good
what emoji would you get tattooed on
your chin I wouldn't get any emoji
tattooed on my chin look at them tattoo
on their chin I don't feel like that
would be pleasant for anybody you the
tattoo artists or anyone to look at this
no I don't think that feel good either
way there's like a bone right there
doesn't hurt ones like just like
straight up bones
what's your point of view on the EU I
don't know people were pissed about it
like some they've decided not to be part
of the EU thing even the more I read
about it a little bit a lot of you have
no idea what I'm talking about
Europe's going crazy I have American
then I'm American I can't say much
they're party rooms in the Philippines -
its California get your ish together
wait are you screaming tweets off the
hashtag are your username whoops I
shouldn't be doing the hastag someone
says please explain do you see this
picture it's me with short hair holding
you can't see it because of the
reflection that's Tinker Bell cleaning
I'm going on a Disney cruise together
June 2012 I think anyway they had these
things where you take pictures that
families would go and take pictures with
I made all hold hands like this and then
they photoshopped a pure battle inside
of it and like all the pictures were
hilarious we were watching people take
pictures so her and I went in and took
opera pictures doing it and then we
didn't buy the pictures we just took
pictures of the pictures very illegally
and then that so that was yeah yeah that
was a lot of fun reactor cleans new
video I haven't watched it boyfriend
hooked up with my best friend story time
boyfriend hooked up I show you that from
high school I don't want to say anything
but I'm trying to remember the situation
I think
I think she's starting about is a sad
story if that's what you're talking
about that's that was bad story can you
put your foot behind your head if I like
lay on my stomach and I did this yep my
dad texted me oh he does sexy mean tell
me he loves me I didn't think he knows
like livestreaming I love my dad can you
say hi to me and my little sister Katie
please we love you Ellie and Katie hello
that's all
your mom is a bigger fan than all of us
to be honest yes she is I think my mom
is our biggest fan 110 percent she
watches everything we do she knows
everything we're doing always I think
she's like wicked like I'm your biggest
fan I'm like no you're lying it's my mom
you can't beat that that's just fact how
do you deal with toxic people mmm I
dream about punching them in the face
but then I don't punch them in the face
cuz that's wrong and then I just just
kind of fade him out you just kind of
fade him out of your life I've done this
multiple times with several different
people you just come fade him out just
don't like you but you don't actually
tell them that he's gonna fade them out
and then they're gonna one day they're
gonna be like what happened to Rachel oh
my gosh I'm gonna try it text me and I
just don't respond and I'm like yep
that's right you toxic and then that's
it back up
oh please my mom texted me period on my
dad did know I'm live-streaming
okay mom just ran out my dad you can't
beat the birther you cannot beat the
birther save Starbucks coffees
I think it'll always be iced vanilla
latte I think it's just a classic for me
not for the world just for me can't call
somebody now I'm one good clicked on
something can you pronounce my name it's
Irish Sierra I don't know how see when
people say that okay I did it but I have
no idea if that was right or not you're
not there to communicate with me if
that's that was correct where are you
hanging your map I don't know if I'm
gonna hang it in this apartment because
it puts a lot of holes in the wall and
this is a nicer apartment than the last
one I don't know if they're gonna like
all the holes in the wall I was thinking
of framing it and putting it on the wall
but that takes a lot of work and I'm
lazy I would like I want to get a new
map and frame it or like maybe put it in
like cork board and then do the pins in
that I don't know but the last one is
hung up with duct tape I'm trying to
give a little classier do you think
Twitter should have unlimited characters
no I don't because I think I mean I like
that I like that you have only a certain
amount of characters to say what you
want to say it actually presents a
challenge and I like conquering that
challenge like a lot of my tweezers
like I drank about there like a
paragraph that I'm like okay got to cut
this down and I slowly I feel like
figure out is it it's a puzzle that's
what it is it's a puzzle that's why I
love it like obviously there sometimes
I'm like good just one more just Oh what
if they did that what if they had like
some system like every month you have
like 30 extra characters okay and then
you had to choose wisely like you use
them all all of the thirty extras in one
tweet so you have a really long tweet or
you could just do like one or two extra
in each tweet that month oh this is
genius they'll never do it but this is
so much fun to think about cuz it's it's
like you have you have like you just
have like bonus characters that you get
to choose when you put them in would
they do the rollover thing like if you
didn't use all 13 that month with it
just disappear the new 30 starters are
rollovers the next month so you have new
30 and plus like six extra you didn't
use I think this could work guys I don't
think they'll ever do it but that would
be fun right I think that would be fun
so it's like emergency cases because
some I like when tweets or I like the
tweets are short because then it's like
I can read every tweet and not spend my
whole life reading one tweet and it's
like and I think I like quick humor I
think it's funny and so I love the quick
humor stuff and but I feel it sometimes
you need a longer tweet I think I am I
the only one that things would be this
would be a cool idea I feel like people
would think this is a cool idea like
emergency characters you can emergency
ones I'm just a genius
contacts Twitter I guess I can contact
but now I don't want context later
that's a lot of work you're getting so
excited about the characters oh my gosh
yes I am do you want kids sometimes I do
sometimes I don't that's it
if it happens it happens that's I don't
want one right now nope
not right now not at all
do you watch dead of summer on freeform
no but I've heard of it I should watch
it as I've heard of it I think did you
click on something from Instagram no I'm
not on Instagram I'm talking about I'm
on Twitter how do you do your eyebrows
what's the flap
I only know flip-flopping and I hope
people aren't asking you to do that it's
a dance move I created to watch my last
video yesterday's video yeah my Rachel's
room I create a dance move called the
flop will you be going to Canada
basically soon yeah I have a trip
planned I'm going up soon that's it
do you like my new pants well this
person is pants are two different colors
you like a combination that's fun oh but
you skulls
I don't like skulls your pants cool I
don't only dish pants I would ever
personally I would never purchased
skulls if they were just like polka-dots
I had my first purchase then but I don't
like school schools drink yeah like
that's a human head that's weird why
would playing human heads without skin
on them on things like school just I
personally don't like skulls your pants
cool
I don't like schools I would never be
like that's the school I want it
do you like my dog that's a stupid
question I like all dogs fake TV show
ever friends friends of such a good team
I'm really into Bob's Burgers though I'm
caught up my gosh each episode like
three times I'm like okay put on new
season but friends Bob's Burgers those
two I could watch over and over again I
think they're really funny
and I used to hate cartoons as an adult
cartoons that sounds so weird but like I
never really liked the Simpsons or
Family Guy like I was like they're okay
but like I'm not super into it and then
I was like Archer and it didn't really
like that one but the Bob's Burgers I
like yes burger just like I want a
krabby patty gosh do you think that the
writers like a spongebob are like we had
way like they know the ingredients to a
krabby patty and they like I've tested
and it tastes good do you think that's
ever happened do you think like they
write about it Krabby Patty and how
great it is do you think they actually
have the Krabby
but they don't they don't have a krabby
patty formula they'll never reveal it
because then plaintiff get it but like
do you think that they in the back of
their mind they have a formula for
Krabby Patties I think I feel like they
they've thought about it is that hey
spongebob still going here is ended
because it was still going I think
that's the final episode they should do
reveal to us how to make a krabby patty
and then we all make it and it's the
most delicious burger I've ever had I
think that should be a thing I'm just
coming up with so many good business
plans for other people's businesses I'm
a genius I should be a consultant I
don't really know what that is but I
think I should be it just consult
something's right do you like to watch
the Bachelorette and the bachelor no I
got show so much this is how much I
don't like that show I FOMO hard they go
my friends are hanging out without me
I like FOMO so hard it's not even funny
somehow fear of missing out I always
want to go where there are people
constantly like instead
time I see a picture of my friends
together my friends all of my friends
everyone I know will have a bachelorette
or bachelor viewing party washing party
and I won't go because I hate that show
so much that's how much I hate that show
I would that's it that's it okay I've
never in my entire days said no to a
party of my friends especially since but
like I can't do it I can't watch that
show I hate it so much so terrible I'm
supposed to be babysitting but I'm just
watching your live stream grace go
babysit there aren't children whose
lives are in your hands make sure they
don't die if they're taking it out
that's fine spongebob is still going
great for their finale they should tell
us the formula for a krabby patty
favourite snapchat filter obviously dog
is really cute the dog just makes anyone
look cute it's just a fact you use the
dog filter you gotta look cute but
you're gonna be so basic I like clever
ones I don't know everyone said I have a
really clever one I'm like guys genius
and I love it but I'm not like obsessed
with them I feel I don't know nothing
I'm a favorite I think Face Swap will
always just be like a classic these days
it's just fun
have you seen Ricky Dylan's new dog yes
his new Corgi I'm obsessed with it
Oliver I watch the video buddy
I followed the dog on Instagram and I've
tweeted about it I'm obsessed with this
dog is the cutest thing I've ever seen
in my life besides all the other guys
I've seen in my life god I want a dog so
bad
do you like my dog see everyone knows
I'm obsessive thought that's a beautiful
doggy I love that doggy I just I like
that I've just put this out in the world
that I'm obsessed with dogs and people
are conscious in pictures of dogs and I
ain't mad about it I'm totally cool with
this do you still do a lot of puzzles
haven't recently so obsessed them and I
want to do them and I craved them I've
done some at my mom's house before the
July and Colleen's house whenever she's
in town she's has a puzzle out but I
haven't done any in my own place because
when I'm here I should be putting
actually working or doing other things
besides puzzling soon after this wedding
I'll have some down time and then I'll
puzzle I have a great I'm gonna do it on
like my eye my kitchen island I have
like space clear now and I'm gonna do a
puzzle right there as great all right 9
more minutes guys I'm losing viewers
you guys are getting bored of me it's
hard to hang out with me for a full hour
I know but let's let's do this 9 more
minutes
I wanna clock will shut this down do you
watch Grey's Anatomy no Rachel I have to
go to bed soon I hope you have an
amazing night sleep and you don't dream
about anything you just don't have a
dream because I don't like dreams and
the terrible unless you like dreams and
you can have a dream if you do have a
dream I hope it's not a bad dream
but that's all do you ever drink water
with a straw just for fun like when I'm
at a restaurant they give me a glass of
water and then they give me a straw I'm
like great and then I use it I like
drinking out of straws it's fun anyway
you for sure you know you're not gonna
get ice smashed in your face or y'all go
drip down your side of your mouth
because I do that often
would you ever come in Northern Ireland
maybe one day watch your favorite
fast-food place in and out but last
night I had an in-n-out burger and it
was the first time I wasn't like this is
the most amazing thing of my life my
last last night's in-n-out burger was
not mind-blowing and I'm very sad about
I'm still distraught about I finished my
burger I looked at Matt and I was like
I'm not satisfied my burger oh that
wasn't the most amazing thing I've heard
music only because you eat chips right
before I was like no there's nothing to
do with it they just didn't make it
right and I like they didn't make it
with love or something I don't know it
wasn't amazing I didn't know I just I'm
sure I did not do it myself that's all
oh seven head roast me baby girl I don't
think I need to just showing the
internet that's roasting give it up do
you like my new kitties - how do you
feel about Taylor Swift getting a boob
job Taylor Swift got a boob job
this is information I did not know I
don't know if I believe you what is your
highest degree like school wise I'm a
bachelor's degree temperature wise I
think of my temperatures got into 103
before
foster dog I can't I'm in my apartment
they won't let me have dogs is such a
neighbor there's a neighbor there's a
couple that has two dogs I don't quite
know how they got away with this
business but they've got two dogs and
we've seen them multiple times
I think if these dogs is too strict no
dog no animal policy here our people get
away without any animals with a now I'd
have animals
trickeries what but do you think these
look good what are they
Mack Cheetos well these are from Burger
King I've heard of these macaroni
Cheetos that looks disgusting
mac and cheese not to look so gross why
would you do that why would you do that
crank our colleague she is working she
is busy
probably that is rude in the middle it
was a Friday it is Friday
she is busy do you like Mexico yeah been
there a few times I had a lot of fun in
Mexico actually nothing against that
would you ever apply to be a big brother
guys if I do that that I wouldn't be on
the internet for several months so you
watch me on big brother but then yeah I
guess she would still be saying me you'd
be actually saying it more I don't know
if I'd be able to do big brother
cuz I don't get I don't put up with
people very well I can manipulate though
I don't think I'd do it if but if I were
to do one of those reality shows it
would be Big Brother I could never do
Survivor or naked and afraid you don't
even what's the point of that show you
don't even honey you don't even win
anything you just do it you just make it
and you're afraid and on the line of
death and you just do it why would you
do it I don't get it
if your mom ever make you wear something
you didn't want to wear as a child yes
address all the time get out of my face
I hated those things I still hate
dresses but sometimes aware of them
because I'm like I don't have an outfit
I know this will make me look like I
tried dresses make you look like you try
weird but then I'm like I can't do
anything and like I feel like my
vagina's gonna show 24/7 I'm wearing
underwear and wearing shorts
do you miss football season as much as I
miss football season I don't know how
much you miss football season Alex but I
miss it so much
it's coming soon the fall is coming
football is coming I'm excited about it
I am not decided about next basketball
season because frickin Kevin Durant sign
with the Warriors and there's gonna be
like no point of basketball like the
Warriors are gonna win everything now do
they have Kevin Durant not even like no
one can win except that and stupid like
spread out the goodness guys run it out
spread it out did you guys hear that
sirens it happened I don't know what
happened what happened all right
fade makeup product when I have is it
concealer foundation powder bronzer when
I don't know the thing I put on most
often would have to be eyeliner or
mascara tell us a joke
whenever I say tell me a joke on Twitter
or I say what tell me yeah tell me a
joke people are like my life it's
overused guys it's overused I get it you
think your life's a joke overuse though
just move past that joke and give me an
actual joke all right that's it I'm done
this is my livestream I'm ending it we
hung out for like an hour guys we hung
out for a really long time then I'm glad
we did I've missed you guys I've miss
hanging out with you I miss
chit-chatting with you guys and I miss
you
randomly angry things livestreams are
good we should do this more often yes
yes I hope everyone has a good Friday
it's not good from its I hope you have a
good Friday it does not the Friday
I don't know in my brain I was like wait
is a good Friday it's not that's back in
like February April March it's fine
okay I'm signing off I love you guys
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you next time I see you
wish me luck on my wedding thing
tomorrow that's that's pregnant no I was
about to make up a prank I was like what
if I was pranking you and I was actually
getting married tomorrow I'm not there's
not even know I don't have the patience
to plan a wedding it's not happening
alright I love you guys signing off
peace out all the things
