hello happy fourth of July
it's Monday it's fourth of July I am
currently driving to Santa Barbara's but
for the t'lie with my family and we do
fireworks on the beach every year except
last year I didn't do it it was sad but
I don't think anyone did it so it's not
that some are on our way to set of all
right now everyone's there and we're
going to barbecue and family
what is that buddy what is that it's
breakfast that looks like a bracelet and
a coin that's breakfast literally
doesn't tire oh those are very pretty
did grandma paint them daddy I like your
band-aid scab yeah where's the skin
show me the scab fight and tell you our
clientele so we're done with our family
barbecue thing and we're on our way to
go watch the fireworks like always and
it's a lot of fun so meets the end of
that sentence we made it to the beach
we're gonna hang out for an hour and I
think the fireworks will start at 9:00
it's like almost a maybe question where
but this is my favorite thing to do on
4th of July it's just a mass of people
laid out on the beach and it's a lot of
fun
there's a group of high schoolers
dancing I Rebecca is Rebecca's early in
there
uninvited
that's gonna be nice
that tunnel is like my favorite thing in
the world it's a santa barbara tradition
well most a lot of people clearly a lot
of people know about it after the
fireworks you walk on State Street under
that tunnel and everyone just screams
and chants USA and sometimes people
throw stink bombs and them but yeah it
was out of our way our car was like the
opposite direction but we wanted to walk
under the tunnel so we did bennett's it
for this vlog I had so much fun this
fourth of July I just I hadn't been home
in like two months so it was really nice
to see everybody hung out I had a good
grand old time whoo that's it I love you
guys so much and I will see you sometime
soon yeah cool
