you wanna see her we keep the beer and
there you have to keep it in a dark cool
spot which is between 67 degrees and set
these 72 degrees something like that so
we're using our old fridge that we have
from our old place because this place
came with a new fridge and Matt got this
thing that makes the refrigerator to
turn on and cool down and so it always
stays between 67 and like 72 degrees
always
but like the refrigerator right now is
not on and it'll turn on if it gets too
hot like it doesn't use that much energy
it's not like a normal refrigerator but
anyway that's where we keep the beer
while it's fermenting guys I need more
hands Oh tripod will you give me other
hand thank you do you guys know about
like two or three no it's like three or
four years ago what have you sent me
this tripod and I thought I loved it and
but I never had to use it because I was
always using such massive cameras but
because it's a small advice to a tripod
but once I realized that my vlog II
could sit on it perfectly and it wasn't
too big I started using it and I loved
it so if you still watch my videos
person that sent me this tripod I thank
you very much now let's open this shall
we
oh this thing is huge
ah wow this is massive whoo wait do you
see how big this pawn oh come on I need
to figure out how to use this thing how
do i earth how do I do this give me a
second I ordered the wrong camera I use
the g7x power shot camera and I've got a
new one which is g7x power sharp mark -
I typed that into Amazon and it came up
and so did the g1 x mark - and the one
seven looks so the same that I
accidentally pressed g1 X instead of the
g7 X this is way too big for vlogging
it's not the one I wanted and I'm hoping
I can return it I mean I haven't really
unpacked anything oh so sad and I feel
so stupid right now
dang it okay so it says that I can
return it I'm not like I'm printing the
label right now it's a return it I just
feel so stupid like how did I do that
how did I not double-check I just feel
like it was like the second one on
Amazon like this is the you just think
that like what you've typed in the
Amazon is like the first I don't know
I'm an idiot
I should double-check this is all on me
oh I feel stupid
alright so the shipping label for that
has been printed and box has been
resealed
and hopefully that works out maybe I'm
just not meant to get a new buggy maybe
that's just it so I'm gonna stick with
this one for now I think that's what the
world is trying to tell me cuz I had
other problems with getting that vlog I
the reason I ordered it I was like so
skeptical of getting a new camera I was
like I don't technically need it like
yeah I broke this one it still functions
I should be careful not to let any water
drip on the this green thing but I went
on Amazon just to search and the one
that I picked was like or with the next
45 minutes and you'll get it today it
was a Monday and they're like order it
today get it today and I was like that
is so tempting and I was like because
usually when I look at stuff online I'm
like I'm not gonna in three days my hype
for isn't gonna be as high so like I
shouldn't order it and not like shipping
days gives me time to really like yeah I
didn't need it but I was like I get it
today there's no waiting like it's the
same as going up to the store and
getting it I'm brick and buying it so I
bought it and then all day I bought it
in the morning all day let's look at my
phone it says it'll ride today
after Monday it's getting there Monday
today it's getting there and then like 6
p.m. I was like feel like I should have
gotten an email that it shipped or that
it's here and then so I went back onto
Amazon and check my order and it was
like arriving Wednesday crap
and I was so pissed and I looked through
everything and nothing said Monday
nothing everything said it'll Drive on
Wednesday there was so there was no way
for me to prove that it was supposed to
get here Monday so I emailed Amazon
they're like our records all show that
it always said it'll Drive Wednesday and
I'm like where did I get Monday from
where did I get this magical day but
then I ended up getting the camera it
was the wrong one so this whole thing
has been a but it's just the world being
like you don't need this camera Rachel I
don't I didn't need to spend money on it
so that's my life my name you get
dressed cuz I'm going to the gym I
actually have a shower I'm showered
yesterday and that's one good eye rinse
off then go to the gym then get dressed
well rinse off make a real shower and
then get dressed and I'm going to Costco
my name's come back and film a video I
suggest you check out my main channel on
Sunday I'm doing a thing are even think
I'm like relaunching my channel you'll
see it all on Sunday I'm very excited
about it it's something I've been
passionate about for a while so isn't
there that bulma challenged brother
check it out on Sunday that's me winking
so change of plans we're going to Costco
first and then the gym later today also
I'm wearing a dress today
deal with it I see so many girls are
like oh we're robbers and dresses
because then I don't have to actually
pick out an outfit I'm like that's what
I struggle with every day picking on an
outfit so I don't like robbers because I
don't have I don't like having to get
completely naked to pee or poo just my
thing so I think I'm gonna try dresses
because you just pull those up when you
got up by the way I'm wearing like
shorts underneath dude I'm that person
that wears shorts
cuz when my dress blows up or I sit with
my legs spread like I normally do I
haven't you see in my business okay so
we did Costco and did a home workout and
now it's time to make dinner
but pasta alright guys that's it for
this vlog I know doesn't seem like I
ever leave my apartment but I do
I just feel awkward filming in public
for this weekend is fourth of July's
well actually it's the 4th of July
weekend but fourth of July's on Monday
I'll be doing exciting stuff this
weekend I love you guys thanks for
watching you can see you tomorrow baby
