hey guys good morning so I've been
editing this vlog I realized it's like a
fluffa loaf' logs if you don't know what
a couple means oh and my this neat
so before VidCon I attempted to vlog on
two separate occasions and then never
finished the vlog so I decided just to
give you a footage so here is it was a
day after the Dodger game which was over
a week ago
oh damn game this is that footage just
real quick just real quick just need to
show you nope that's Santa Barbara boop
boop boop boop
that's the degrees outside right now
just that it is a hundred and nine
degrees outside so there is no way that
I am leaving this apartment today I have
decided that all day I am working I'm
going to be filming and doing except at
the computer because I do not want to go
outside in a hundred and ninety degrees
I know yesterday I was at the Dodger
game that was only a hundred and four
and I was at the Dodger game anything I
did today would not match the fun of a
Dodger game so I don't want to go
outside today so I'm gonna be doing a
bunch of stuff inside I got a bunch of
videos to film a bunch of stuff to edit
I got a bunch of stuff to look over
emails I'm gonna make up things I'm
gonna make up work that I have to do so
I don't have to step outside I'm gonna
be busy all day well I am busy but extra
busy and then that's all I film for that
day and then this was a couple days
later I went out to drinks with my
friends a Heather Rebecca Yocum a bunch
all the people Matt it was really weird
Oh Matt just turn on my light Thanks but
you had to enter like through a fridge
to get into this place it'll really
hipster cool bar so here's the footage
of that
Hey
so I just had drinks with some friends
at a really hipster bar you had to walk
through a refrigerator in order to get
into the bar it was very strange oh god
I just left it's like 10 p.m. we're
gonna grab something to eat real quick
and then head home because I woke up
early today and I can't stay out as late
as I used to but alright now we are up
to speed and this was yesterday's
footage and I hung out with my mom and
then I did stuff you'll see it there you
go
look who's in my house it's my mother
it's my mother she is a my apartment
oh no you though I'm swiveling you or at
a dermaplane place my mom's getting
Darren pen done I was supposed to get
laser hair removal today but their
machine broke so I'm doing that Thursday
but today it's just my mother and I'm
annoying her she follow me to video her
I think you can't see it it's out of
focus good oh it's laggy sucks okay so I
did the dermapen thing with my mom and I
pissed her off the whole time she's
supposed to be like relaxing but I was
definitely you know making noise take
their shower throwing things at her
that's how we do that's our relationship
but now I'm back home and I have to film
a couple videos I'm a little behind but
that's normal
that's just my life oh you guys see my
new camera I got i snapchatted it hold
on this is my new camera I've got a new
camera with the microphone I used to put
pillows here and then put my phone on
the pillows so there'd be less of an
echo when I filmed there but I decided
to upgrade myself and get a camera I'm
still figuring out all the functions to
it I also ordered the new vlog II
because I broke this one whoops
also cooling got the new one and it
looks really amazing so I want it a bit
and not starting my government anyway
that's what I'm doing right now
just thought I'd update you
so right now we're about to brew some
beer I've let it all out and we brewed
one already but we bottled it yesterday
so we have two more weeks before we can
drink it the day you brew it it takes
about a whole month like four weeks
before you can actually drink it so
we're bored so we're gonna make more
beer
I'm sorry it was a couple I get my new
vlog II in the mail today and hopefully
that gives me motivation to film things
more as if it is all teenage later baby
sorry bye
