hey guys so I'm at VidCon I haven't
checked in with you guys
yesterday we were at dinner ok
I guess yeah that's Eric on TV and he
was sitting next to me and I freaked out
while it happened um anyway we're at a
sports bar and so I have on the phone on
the TV during a commercial right now
we're at VidCon and cleans doing a sound
check and Jessica's running over to me
like a crazy person using the miranda
snapchats ugly oh well I mean it's a
vlog chat also hopefully I've seen it
personally yeah I took a picture with it
I'll talk about it I success on
blog about for you right yeah yeah
anyway so I have at VidCon is it it's
Friday and there's a snapchat filter and
we're all very excited it's awesome the
Netflix booth was really awesome
yesterday but and checked it out but now
we're doing mainstage stuff and I'm just
tagging along with Colleen because I've
got nothing to do D is for vagina I is
for ice cream
D is for D oh you can't get to the CSI
over the end it's a good try
okay we finished the main stage
performance the date is done what we all
are vlogging the exact same day at
Christopher and I are hosting clean QA
so that's what's happening right now kay
bye
all right we just finished the QA I
think it works pretty well I think it
was better than last year's I don't know
more comfortable you get the better they
get but we had a lot of fun doing it I
got sweat pit stuff
hi so I'm back from VidCon I got back
last night things I didn't film I
shattered Colleen's vlog II so good
great don't worry it's getting replaced
another thing if a latke League sex okay
I'm back
so anyway I should little Texaco lean
because I got home last night
VidCon as you guys know wouldn't give me
anything I was like can I have meat
great no kind of panel no can I do
something of some sort no leave no room
feels like great I love VidCon so anyway
I tagged with around the choline just
like good old time I hosted her Q&A I
did her main stage performance with her
I'd like wasn't a glimpse of it so my
face was shown at VidCon um I really I
tried to walk around and I just couldn't
and security gets really mad at you and
you try to do something supposed to and
I'm a sucker for the rules but I got to
hug a few of you was like I went through
the lobby to get my car oh I feel so bad
I really wanted to do a meet greet there
was so many of you I wanted to see but I
couldn't but then sorry so I hold on Oh
like I said it sorry it didn't work out
because of this fact I got home last
night and then Colleen and I were
texting this morning and she goes uh
VidCon just texted me asking where you
were for your mainstage report when
smells like mom she's like yeah like I'm
not scheduled for anything
looks like they wouldn't give me
anything just the back of my Volvo and
she went back forward them and they were
like oh never mind we figured it out
like what wasn't there like she was
supposed to do something but it got
cancelled probably because she's never
heard of it what he's like sorry dude
we're counting Oh like I was supposed to
do something but no one told me so they
cancelled it just tell me and I'll do it
oh goodness gracious so that was my
VidCon experience I had a lot of fun I
didn't vlog a lot of it but that's
because I was with Colleen and
Christopher the whole time and they were
blogging everything so go check out
Chris for channel go check out Colleen's
vlog channel if you want to see stuff I
had a lot of fun though I loved going to
VidCon I loved seeing everyone I'm
really upset I didn't get to do a meet
greet of some sort hopefully you got to
see week
looks cool in Q&A I had a lot of fun
doing them I should be a host
that's something yeah and too much work
anyway I love you guys I'm closing out
this blog you are all awesome
and I'll see you later
