good morning it's Sunday it's Father's
Day
happy belated Father's Day by the time
you guys see this I'm going to dr. game
today with my dad he cooked me up
tickets again but I texted him like
three days ago and we were like figuring
out what time the game starts at 1:00 he
said we should leave your place by 11:00
11:30 it doesn't it takes 20 minutes to
get to the stadium okay he needs to get
there super early but I was like okay
cool will be of my place between 10:30
and 11:00 just so we don't have to rush
out the door when you get here
he's like okay and this morning I texted
him at like 9:00 and I was like what's
your ETA like what are you gonna be here
and he was like I'll be there at 9:40
like okay that it's now 10 20 and he's
not here yet so I texted I was like did
you mean 10:40 where are you and he
hasn't texted me back so this man is a
mess so I told him to get here at 10:30
he said he was gonna get here at 9:40
and now it's 10:20 who knows what's
gonna happen but this man is all over
the place so I got my dad and we're on
our way to the Dodger Stadium and I
realized that I don't have an SD card in
my camera and I need to film today so
we're going to a Costco near the stadium
to grab an SD card cuz I don't want to
go back a half hour back to my apartment
so this is turned into a fun adventure
we were like let's get to the stadium
super early and now we're not
I'm the worst having Father's Day dad
all right there's a Best Buy closer than
a Costco and Costco it's a Sunday so I'm
sure the lines would be ridiculous so
we're just going into Best Buy I'm
grabbing the first SD card I see and
we're getting to the Dodger game dad I'm
medic where'd you go where'd you cool so
flustered I got it
why'd the bikers hey D card in my vlog E
it's 1216 the game starts in 55 minutes
and we're pulling into stadium now and
we're gonna spin yeah there it is behind
all of these cars
oh let me say sure you guys there see
cuz I'm praying on my dad only gets the
best on father's day where are you going
okay good
we got boxers we are so close but this
is so weird I you see geek again like I
did with a Clippers game and they hooked
me up again and I got us seats this
close you guys remember this feels from
last time right I'm obsessed with sneaky
is the best place to buy and sell
tickets because it put stuff from every
taking website online into one thing and
it's a really simple app you can use my
daddy used to use my last time
here's a problem I got my dad use my
promo code last time it's the same promo
code this time so the links below you
can definitely use it open the app click
on the app obviously it opens it and
then you just go to the meeting place
the promo thing enter the promo code you
get a twenty dollar rebate if you use my
code which is this and it's Rachel's
down below the links everything you know
is down below but when you go and it
shows you the seats and it shows you the
best deals like color-coordinated the
best deals what the seats cost I love
the ones with a big dodge because the
bigger the dots the better the deals
colors show you where the really good
deal like getting a good deal you can
use it for concert tickets and stuff so
they gave us boxers on the way in and
I'm using them as a place for my seat my
phone just buzzed but it judge me
nevermind I'm using the boxers to make
my seat not so hot
I'm gonna use them keep it back my
med-school oh oh good if you take the
plastic off
you get shot in the ground over here
proud of yourself
what was
the wave is coming yeah
oh he threw it to no one
we're trying so hard to get my dad a
ball and it's just not working out but
he passed buck screw still
good you look great
I'm so proud to call you my father
Oh
yeah
you know the food
all right we're here to take a break
from the Sun it's a hundred degrees
today so it's a little hot
it hasn't been too bad but we decided
just to take a little break just in case
we were overheating it doesn't realize
it we're in go over to the team store I
might find a new path and then we'll go
sit back down the middle game right now
is one to zero we're losing our pictures
not very good why is he still in that
well why is our picture still in if he's
hot well he struct outside blasphemy
that's trout running around on the basis
and getting thrown out just help the
pitching
okay so games done we won bottom of the
ninth bases loaded there was three balls
two strikes and two outs one pitch left
were determined the game and it was a
ball so it was a walk to win the game
and we did it happy Father's Day dad
Thank You mysterious up
let him walk it's too much money to go
like it looks pretty
strikey to me it looked like it could
have been a strike but that was like I
am out of here it reached a hundred and
four degrees out there I know my back is
burned
I put sunscreen on my shoulders and my
legs and my arms and I just like didn't
get in the middle of my back so I can
feel that my shoulder blades are burned
it's really cool and this hat is
drenched in sweat I wasn't gonna bring a
hat and then when I brought outside I'm
never gonna wear it but I genuinely
think the first time I ever wore a hat
to protect myself from the Sun usually
it's just to look really cool first time
that is true they gave everyone boxers
today and everyone was just using them
to block the Sun from some part of their
body I put it on the seat so that my
legs wouldn't burn from the seat because
I'm wearing short shorts that's my thing
all right we're gonna go home and
barbecue and watch Game seven so this is
a sports field day are you okay with
that then go alright I'm fine I say
alright we're back home I've showered
hold on dad Phil my back for a second
you did great
anyway my back all over but I'm okay
we're about to watch Game seven I'm
excited I took a shower I feel so much
better
alright that's it for this vlog thanks
for watching Game seven those a lot of
fun I enjoyed watching it it was the
last game of basketball so there's no
more basketball until next season for
those of you don't know or yeah I do not
even that you care but basketball is
over now the Cavs want everything LeBron
James I'm sure you've heard that name
before he won everything I was rooting
for them I'm not I've never been a fan
of either team I guess I just liked the
Warriors less so I was rooting for
LeBron everyone is a great player I do
not hate anyone
everyone has lots of talent I just
thought the broad deserved it
he's getting old so he needed to take it
home for the Cavs
for Cleveland anyway it was a fun game
to watch it was a close game it was
really fun my dad and I had a lot of fun
I hope everyone had a good Father's Day
if you didn't have a father to hug or
like your father you can always borrow
mine he's pretty cool thanks dad raising
me you're pretty cool things to eat for
making my dad happy on Father's Day and
me I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow okay cool night
