oh my goodness I am so excited about
today because today I'm finally filming
the video in which I released that I
bought a house so if you haven't been
able to get to my main channel it's
nothing fancy I just want to say it I
want to thank you guys for letting me
have the opportunity to buy a house but
anyway I've been so stressed that also I
still have glue on my face from the
prosthetics I was wearing yesterday it's
blue all over Oh blue everywhere that
makeup thing I did yesterday was crazy
anyway I'm about to edit my vlog film my
main channel video for tomorrow and then
go work on my house all day that's
literally all I've been doing is working
on my house I feel so bad because like
I'm in the film at all I wanted to have
it done but it moved waist lower than I
thought it would but I wanted to have it
done by the time I got back from Hawaii
but I still have about a week for stuff
to do and like we're hoping to be moved
in by Christmas my lease near expires on
the 26th like it's a whole it's just I
haven't been able to decorate for
Christmas because I was like can't
decorate here because I'm about to move
I thought I'd be moving faster than I am
but I didn't want to put up decorations
to take them down because that's the
saddest thing in the world and then I
have nothing in my new house right now
to decorate so I feel like I just I'm
not gonna get Christmases here actually
I mean having a house he's 100% a
Christmas present to me and Matt and the
dog we're happy but I haven't like done
Christmassy normal Christmas things and
I think I just have to accept like this
year I'm just gonna get like Christmas
Eve and Christmas days are my days to
celebrate I don't get to do anything
before that and then next year I will
have my house I can decorate the outside
of my house I can do everything just
buying a house remodeling it and moving
in is a lot a little while to do it
anyway I'm gonna edit yesterday's walk I
didn't post one yesterday but I'm an
edit the footage Friday and Saturday yes
Sunday Friday Saturday and Sunday I
didn't film it all Saturday because I
was working in my house all day oh my
god oh there's a kitty cat in my front
yard
kitty kitty kitty
it is hunting something gosh
that fluffy little tail I don't want to
interrupt it but I want to go pet it it
heard me no I've heard a thing dude what
are you circling this circling this bush
like 60 times get it get don't leave oh
I'm in my PJs still gonna get I still
have mud up like dirt on my face no I
don't you can see it it's gone no more
kitty kitty is no more people are
staring at me
it's the day after doing this makeup on
my ears and I've taken two showers and
it's still there so they said that
coconut oil this is how I did coconut
oil it gets it off this is weird right
this is this is a weird part of my life
right now this is something that is
strange and that I am currently doing oh
yeah it does get it off alright okay
we're going somewhere here we're moving
do I look better I still have paint
behind this ear I just I just can't get
it off I'm gonna fill my video now then
do lunch and go work on my house I love
that I can finally tell you guys I'm
working on my house
I'm at my new house we're laying down
floors in my office right now so that's
what we're up to I'm in my new house
this is the first thing you see
okay so we're almost done with the floor
we jump to do the closet and we had a
little hiccup and instead of being
frustrated sad we're gonna call it
dinner time cuz it's five o'clock so
we're gonna go eat I actually could go
Home Depot cuz I ordered like all new
kitchen appliances for Black Friday and
they got everything at 40% off and
they're like your dishwashers on
backorder and I ordered it three weeks
ago and it was supposed to get here
saturday the night and I just realized
today the 11th they never even called me
or anything I never got a dishwasher so
I have to go to Home Depot for a couple
things and I'm also gonna complain like
hey where's my bank but I paid for goods
I got all the rest of the stuff I'm just
a dishwasher got back work anyway so
gonna leave this beat and we're gonna go
eat dinner and then we'll come back
later tonight and finish it so I went to
Home Depot and I told me to call in the
morning about my dishwasher so I came
home Matt made dinner and now I'm
packing up some stuff but I think we're
about to head back to the house to
finish the floors my office so I can
take this over tomorrow the whole thing
guys look my floor is done I told you
anything
so in this house the floors were this in
the living room but something different
the bedrooms and I wanted it to flow
throughout so we bought more of this
though which is the living room and it's
now flowing so we have to redo all the
bedrooms my office was first to them i
moving my office stuff in the master
bedroom and then the other stuff but uh
yeah we did it we Florida room tomorrow
I'm gonna clean it when I clean the
floor or touch up the paint put all the
socket things again and then we have to
do molding but I think we're going to
move in so I never start losing crap in
here
