I'm taking my father to the Dodgers game
in America is Father's Day on Sunday
this June 12th
Oh June 19th that's already happened
dude 90 that's why I say so I'm taking
my dad to the Dodgers game and I'm very
excited about it and so is he because he
gets free boxers but today let's have
some fun I genuinely have nothing on the
agenda today which is rare and I'm very
happy about it
all right so it's 5 p.m. and we decided
to go to Target which is the stupidest
thing to do if I fail on I tried it but
we're heading to target what earth
happened to display computers at Target
what sonic precincts look like someone
just got really angry at all the
computers and just tore up the key or
maybe someones key keyboard got ruined
so they decided to steal the keys off
these ones I don't know but that's sad
amen someone really went ham on the
electronic department at Target target
was successful as always we spent an
hour and a half on target we realized
that once we left so that's a good
amount of time to spend there but now
we're barbecuing smells delicious a
great Friday just happy
boom I love barbecuing hello human
beings I am on my way to a bridal shower
in Malibu so that's what I'm doing I
don't think I'm going to know anybody
there except the bride so I'm about to
be really awkward with a bunch of
strangers thing is over and I got this
visor that I made myself that says
threatened on it they're like regulation
to the bride on it so I did anyway I had
a lot of fun I didn't realize that a lot
of people from high school we're gonna
be there so cuz I know the bride from
high school so I just know him I didn't
register so I had a lot of fun I got to
catch up with old friends but yeah so
that's it I'm at home Mel okay yep it's
not Rachel vlog until I yawn I am so
lazy because I don't hold the camera
that I stuck about a tripod okay
tada yeah well that's it for this vlog I
know it was super short but you're busy
on the weekends right you've got things
to do to watch a vlog or you need to
watch this but you don't need to watch a
lot of it alright so I'm closing this
out I'm gonna go get ready because it's
Sunday morning right now it's Father's
Day happy Father's Day everybody so
anyway one of the things so I'm gonna
close this out and I'm gonna get ready
to go the Dodger game oh look so that's
and no I don't know everything about
baseball I just like going to Dodger
games with my father I'm gonna go I got
a throw makeup and sunscreen on and then
find my father
so love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow okay
