Hey
so today it's vlogging time again and
I've - with my old place into a
walkthrough with my apartment managers
it is the last time I will ever go to
that place after this I'm done I'm done
with it so that's what I have to do
today and then I'm gonna shoot a bunch
of videos I'm planning to kind of do
like a relaunch of my main channel cuz
I've got some ideas I want to do but I
have to like I don't I'll explain it
later I'm excited about it but yeah so
I'm just doing work today and let's have
some fun shall we
King me alright this is it it's done I'm
just waiting for the person to come and
do the walkthrough with me everything is
cleaned out man
we've had a lot of good memories here a
lot of stuff went down and a lot of
stuff went up
John I'm done I'm done I'm getting the
full deposit back there was nothing
wrong with the apartment because I'm not
a crazy person and I didn't ruin it I
always like getting my money back I
never have to come back here again I
never have to go that apartment again
it's done taking this vacuum to Goodwill
and then I'm back home
I've got dermapen yesterday so my face
is right and I'm not supposed to wear
makeup or get sweaty got a little sweaty
so I have to go wash my face off
but yeah so a really long time ago one
of you amazing human beings sent me a
drone there's an awesome little drone
and I played with it a few times but
then it ran out of batteries and I
couldn't figure out how to charge it I
thought like in a thing the instructions
like we use the charging kit and I was
like what in the world I was like
looking in the box I looked at all the
boxes I couldn't find the charger for it
so I played it with this drone for all
of ten minutes and then I was done I
never even got to see if they can film
like it says I can film stuff but I
never got to see any footage of it
because it died within 10 minutes
because you know how toys if they come
with battery life in them the battery
lasts for like a second because they
didn't charge it all the way they just
charged it enough to show that it works
well I was watching some vlogs and
everyone and their mother has a freaking
drone and my I don't think I have a
drone but doesn't work so I just moved
and my drone happened to be on top of a
bunch of stuff so I was like maybe
because someone sent me a helicopter
just like a little toy helicopter I was
like maybe that charger will work for it
so I take out this drone and I took it
out backwards and I found that on the
bottom of the styrofoam were these
secret compartments that had things I
found the charger for it yes ladies and
gentlemen I'm an idiot I the charger was
there the entire time it was just when
you open the box you think that this is
the box this is where the things are the
drone was here there's extra stuff isn't
sick why don't you think to look under
the box you guys hang outside the box
every once in a while people might vlog
I need a new camera I this one is
terrible it keeps going in and out of
focus I love you cannon what everyone
wants to know what this is it's a
powershot g7x that's what this is I know
there's better ones out there I'm just
lazy and I don't like spending money
anyway
so I'm currently charging the battery
for it and I'm gonna see if it works
it's nighttime I'm not gonna go out and
fly it around if anything else fly
around in my office hopefully I don't
kill everything but yeah so this is it
it's not being extremely fancy but I
mean it takes video and I want to use it
that's my story I'm waiting for it to
charge it's currently plugged in ok by
the way
Matt and I have this ongoing battle he
uses like one of these Mouse's and I use
a trackpad he swears his mouse is better
to you better to use but I've used both
I grew up on a normal Mouse and then I
switched a trackpad I think track pads
are a thousand times better maybe that's
just because it's easier for editing
because it's easy to move back and forth
but I need to know does the majority of
the world use a trackpad or Mouse I feel
like I'm in the minority here but I love
it so much
ok so once this drone is charged I'm
gonna see if I can get it to work
what is what the sun spots on the thing
all right so that drone footage sucked
but it's the next day and we're
barbecuing right now also I got a little
Rudolph thing happening on my nose
let me tell you that was a dang good
burger all of you
vegetarians or vegans sorry hate me also
this thing though like it won't cos he's
getting bigger and bigger I won't go
away whatever I like Christmas
Ike Rudolph who cares after ate my
burger went out and hung out with
Heather and John and a bunch of
Heather's friends and had a good time
except the bartender was very rude to me
and I ordered a lemon drop and because
he didn't like lemon drops he wouldn't
give me one I'm not gonna tell you the
whole story because it was really stupid
but I genuinely got in a fight with a
bartender and I'm ready to have
apologized anyway the point when I order
something that's on the menu and you
have the ability to make it and give it
to me that you give the customer and
just thinks okay that's it for this vlog
I'll see you guys what's today's today
Friday so see you guys tomorrow
cool
