I want my girl here and now I'm at
Rebecca's house and I just shot a video
for her channel wearing this yeah and
then the video for my channel then we're
gonna do a one for JoJo's I'm still
wearing mine yeah oh yeah I took my
office second it was done but no why I'm
starting what we're doing is that I
shouldn't be sweating and stay off like
my ear I'm hey guys so I didn't vlog for
like a week the last footage you saw of
me every Becca's the Jojo that was the
night I found out about christina
grimmie and then the next day was the
orlando shooting and then yesterday was
an Oakland shooting I don't know if you
guys know about that one but I didn't
feel like lucky so I didn't I had a lot
of anger and a lot of sadness in me and
so I just didn't I didn't log that's
that but I want to get back to vlogging
and I didn't have much footage but I
wanted to post something today so I'm
doing another lesson I asked you guys on
Twitter what you wanted to learn and
someone said how to tip and how to write
checks so I was like that's a good life
lesson now a lot of you are like lots of
check checks used to be the way people
paid before debit cards and credit cards
became extremely popular every once in a
while you'll see an old person in front
of you at a grocery store pay with a
check and you'll be like what is
happening it takes like 50 times longer
than if they just swiped a card but I'm
going to teach you how to write one of
those because sometimes you're gonna
have to pay right with that sometimes
you have to send that to people that
don't take card and so I'm gonna teach
you how to do that in case you never
learned and then also I'm going to teach
you out of tip tipping is very easy in
America anyway I think that the standard
tip is I could be wrong but what I
always do is get teach you an idea I
always tip 20% of what the total is at
the bottom of the check if your wages is
really mean or terrible then I push it
down to like 18 or 15 percent but up if
they're really great you can raise it
but I think the standard
in California anyway right now is 20%
listen when you get checked and it's
like 5629 plus 20% would be you don't
have to be a wizard you can just use
your phone all phones have a calculator
on them my teachers back in the day
we're like listen you're gonna need to
learn how to do percentages on fractions
because you're not gonna be walking
around with a calculator got your mother
Chuck or something six point twenty nine
plus 20% is eleven twenty five eight and
then so you add that and to the total
that was original so this Plus this
equals sixty seven and then I'm gonna
round up fifty-five there you go that's
the total that's how you tip that's how
much you tip and then you add those two
things together that's tipping everybody
you add twenty percent now in some
countries they don't tip but in America
especially in California you tip 20
percent go to your calculator I'll do it
again yes it tolls $25 plus 20% tip $5
so in the tip line there's gonna be a
line that says tip this is how the bill
goes okay you ordered this and it was
this much money and you're a distance
this much money you are this this much
money
here's your total okay that's how much
you owe us
oh do you want to add a tip right here
it's asking but it's basically telling
you that you have to okay great now
here's the total after the tip all right
so that's a total of all the things
you're a lot of stuff
okay what's the tip it's five dollars
okay can you add those together and
that's thirty dollars they give you the
line they let you know that's that's a
receipt that's how you do this that's
that all right are we all on the same
page with that sorry my glasses today my
eyes are hurting me so that's it all
right now it's check it's pretty much
the exact same they give you lines and
they tell you how to fill them out but
this is not my check I went on Google
and search check image so don't think
you're gonna be getting information from
me or I'm sending this a new one or you
could screenshot it print it and then I
you money that's not how that works this
is a check this is actually a bigger
than a normal check it asked for you to
fill out this information it gives you
the information you need to date very
simple it is six fifteen sixteen well
that's today do you just fill out the
date you do it you can use the slashes
you can use hyphens whatever you fill
out the date now pay to the order of
who's the check going to gets my money
what'swhat's Bob's last name Bob the
Builder Bob building all right hey
Stewart Bob building put the person's
name if you're writing a check to
someone they'll tell you they'll tell
you who to write it out - I hope off
fifty dollars wash the bed guys I lost a
bet and Bob only takes checks okay so I
how much money it's $50
so I write it 15.00 but now the bank
wants to make sure the Bob when I gave
him the check didn't just you know add
extra zeros to it or do whatever so you
actually have to write out 50 on this
line so this is probably where people
are getting confused unless I'm
accidentally flipping you off this line
right here it's blank and it just ends
with the word dollars they're like what
in the world I already I wrote out 250
already so what it is is you're spelling
okay you're spelling so you write 50 and
then you have to put the sense that the
it so you go and and it's zero zero over
100 and for safety reasons you put a
dash so that Bob can't add extra stuff
okay this is the weird part of checks so
and then you you can write what it's for
last event - Bob you know whatever and
then you sign this is what it is okay go
with - how much money right out how much
money what's it for you don't have to do
that but if you know it's good to know
and then your signature okay and a date
don't worry about things so it's 450
dollars so you write 50 and then you go
and then you put the change okay so
let's say the change was 21 cents you go
21 over a hundred that's showing the
change this is really weird and it does
makes sense when you production so
because can't Bob can't cheat just
remember its to change over 100 okay so
$50 and 21 over 100 or 0-0 over 100 so
the change number the changes over 100
it's very strange but you just have to
remember that's how it goes okay
date to whom how much how much written
out with the money over a hundred okay
for one signature all right guys that's
how you write a check I like how I've
described this date what was it - how
much money right at that amount of money
and then the change over 100 and then
for safety reasons we - it okay just so
 you fill in stuff okay what's
that for
and sign it if you're writing a check
and you're like oh I messed up always
writes boy over the cheque that way no
one can steal it and use it if Boyd is
written on a cheque the banks won't take
it that is just a lesson for you to know
okay now if you're saying I wrote that
wrong then please tell me how all of
those checks I wrote out were deposited
and cashed so that's how you tip that's
how you write a cheque this has just
been a little bit of information for
life I just like teaching you guys think
I didn't have much of a vlog so I wanted
to add something at the end of this I'm
gonna get back to vlogging now I just
took a break for my own brain but we're
back and I'm back so thanks for watching
please come below let me know if there's
anything else you guys need to learn I'm
into this whole teaching business I
never wanted to be a teacher I have no
desire to be a t-shirt but I like
teaching see there's a difference I
don't want to go to a school and become
a teacher I rather do this this is fun
for me knowing what you guys need to
learn and teaching you it
alright I love you guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you later okay
