hey uh so I had plans for today and I'm
just editing my blog I'm about to post
it did the grammar thing I'm an idiot
but anyway I was supposed to go do
something with Philip DeFranco today but
he deemed me and said he got the stomach
flu so Wow so I decided to go hang out
with Colleen and Rebecca later Colleen's
in town for like a hot second and karma
Becker hanging later so I'm gonna hang
with them but that's all I have right
now I just need an end clip for the vlog
and posting right now
the magic rope and we're gonna bowl
bowling was a lot of fun but now I'm
back in my old place but hey I cleaned
out the hall closet so that's the last
other stuff I have to move I think I
think there's a few things in the
kitchen well grab that when we come back
to clean and that's it I'm exhausted
going from bowling to this this is just
not a good switch okay so I'm back home
I rinsed off and I'm super excited
because these shelving things just got
here that I'm gonna put here it's like a
sideways bookshelf with cubicles so I'm
excited I'm gonna set it up as my office
is a disaster right now because I don't
have anything to put anything on so I'm
gonna hang up some shelves put together
this shelving unit it's called a
cubicles yeah so I was free right now
I'm pretty excited about it oh I did it
I put it together so final sounds fun
fun fun fun and look during it I cut my
leg up real bad huh it hurt but it was
worth the pain cuz now I have a thing
now I'm gonna put stuff in it okay so
I'm closing this out look I put so much
junk in it basically I just needed a
place to put all my junk um alright so
I'm closing this vlog out before I do I
mean this vlog was filmed a while ago
but I'm editing and posting it like
right now today and I just want to
mention the christina grimmie shooting
and tess yeah it sucks so like it's
terrible I there's when things like this
happen I can never find the words for it
it's messed up we live in a terrible
world a world that can be terrible it
can be great but there's just so many
people out there that shoes to be
terrible and I mean the coward took his
own life afterwards like was what was
the point
I don't understand but you know I
thought prayers good vibes go out to her
family anyone that loved her newer and
like this it's just so it's so stupid
that this had to that didn't have to
happen
yeah I just wanted to put that out there
anyone who's sad I'm sorry I mean like I
mean there's no word like
I don't know I just wanted to say
something about it I mean I'm not even
really just being like I just want to be
like yeah I'm I'm with you guys like
then no one really knows what to do with
themselves you can be sad it's okay to
be sad if anyone's like feels like it's
weird like I didn't but no we're it's
weird that I'm sad it's okay to be sad
if it's a terrible terrible thing that
happened but the only thing we can do is
just be better people and hopefully
influence other people to be better
people and if anyone needs a shoulder
crying on me they're just so messed up
man so freaking messed up okay so I mean
I'm ending this vlog on a sad note but
I'm sad that that happened I'm it sucks
so I'll see you next time
hug the people you love go love on
people go be better people so that other
people are encouraged to be better
you
