I have to go over to my old apartment
today and finish movie everything
because I haven't moved everything
because everything that's left over
there it's like stuff I don't
necessarily need but I want to keep so I
have to go get it all I want to do it
make it better please thank you oh my
goodness I don't want to be here anymore
I'm in the middle of like I've got this
to clean up and then I got this to do
and then the rest is just like cleaning
it's just like those last bits like it's
stuff that you don't actually ever do
anything with but you never throw away
and you just keep blogging from one
place to the next and like you do use me
maybe once a year so you got to keep it
for that one seer thing never kids when
you move it's just it just doesn't seem
worth it to keep it oh I forgot about my
weights those are heavy that's gonna be
like billion pounds this is just me
complaining cuz I don't wanna be doing
this anymore I just cracked vloggy
screen I'm so angry at myself I'm gonna
take a picture of it it's not that bad
but doing that shot worried I was gonna
like do a time-lapse of me cleaning and
it just fell off the thing I set it on
oh I hate this I took a picture for you
that sucks
dang it I've been so stressed lately and
that just added to it
God hopefully this doesn't affect vloggy
that much oh I just turned it to the
side and the crack is so much worse I
think a picture and show you go ahead I
wonder how long this thing's gonna last
I'm so upset alright I hate this
apartment
okay so this room is pretty much done
except the weights but I'm gonna have to
mat grab those and then obviously vacuum
but cuz I'm vacuuming I still need to do
this closet but I'm gonna do that
another time because it's 4:15 and I
just got the finished filming part of a
video that I was supposed to film
earlier today and I just got work to do
so I shouldn't be here she's doing work
that supports my life so I just have to
put this stuff in my car
neat and then Iowa and I go home and
work
I should shower though feel gross Khemi
hi I finished cleaning my apartment I
came home edited a video and then
yesterday I posted that video it was a
fun little video where I failed at
making a raindrop cake well I didn't
fail at it it just sucked and in the
beginning of the video I commented on a
sign that I made that said Rachel's
kitchen and I explained this tragic
story of me making this sign and then
later that day I got this tweet that
read I heard the sign but shouldn't it
be Rachel's kitchen and not Rachel's
kitchen because Rachel's means rachel is
they wanted me to write Rachel's with
the apostrophe at the end right there
but that's wrong I went the correct way
which would be apostrophe s normally I
don't care what people incorrectly
correct me but this lovely lady I'm not
mad at her a screenshot of it and then
went over to Twitter to try and correct
me but she was incorrect I wasn't
offended I didn't care because I knew I
was right and I was gonna tweet back her
but I didn't want to publicly embarrass
her so I guess I could put another lock
no I decided to have a little segment
called English with Rachel I'm not an
English major I suck at English but I
know a few things in life I know the
difference between your and your I know
the difference between there there and
there
I know the difference between then and
then sometimes I use them incorrectly
but I realize when I do
everyone's allowed to have a typo or a
mishap every once in a while we're
humans it's what happened and when you
correct me obviously I get angry at it
because no one likes their mistakes
pointed out but if you don't know the
rule you don't get to correct people so
we're having a little lesson today on
apostrophe s that's what we're doing
it's summertime for most of you so your
friends may be turned off welcome back
to school except now I'm your teacher
there's a lot of you who know this rule
cool you paid attention in English good
job
a plus for you and then are some of you
who don't know this rule and that's okay
apostrophe s is not always something and
is so when you see apostrophe s it
doesn't always mean is it also shows
possession of something the cat's toy
alright so there's one cat and we're
talking about that cat's toy so it's
apostrophe s apostrophe s they don't
mean is Oh surely possession now here's
where this gets tricky you think okay
that makes sense right so if something
belongs to someone it is apostrophe s if
it belongs to someone let's say there's
a cat and it has a toy that is a fuzz
ball on the end of the rope just so you
know
so this toy belongs to this cat it's the
cat's toy because this is showing
possession this right here shows that
this toy belongs to this cat now where
this gets tricky my friends is if there
are multiple cats and they all share the
toy so there is multiple cats this one
has whiskers close that one and they all
share one toy that's the toy
this is toy then it is cats with an
apostrophe at the end
toy because there are multiple cats you
wouldn't say it's the Katz's toy because
that doesn't make sense so you won there
the word is cast because there's
multiple and then this is there so you
want to show possession you don't put an
apostrophe s at that
you would say cats ' that is showing
multiple cats and possession there for
Rachel's kitchen shows that this right
there showing that this kitchen belongs
to Rachel I own that kitchen actually I
just rent it I just want that kitchen
but it's my kitchen I come down so there
ladies and gentlemen that is your lesson
on apostrophe s 4 s apostrophe
now I'm not an English teacher that's
what I know to the best of my abilities
as of now I will put a link to a website
explaining this but that's so this has
been English with Rachel thank you guys
for watching I know that this isn't
normally a vlog kind of video but Anglin
happens so if there's anything else you
want me to teach you grammar math
science health education cooking home AK
woodworking let me know below because
this is fun I like teaching people if
you learn something good if you didn't I
don't teach the way that your brain
understands or purely knew this all
right I'm done I love you guys thanks
for watching I'll see you next time ok
