my new obsession is cherries I'm very
obsessed with them right now I got him
last night at Target and I haven't
thought eating them but this is the
grossest part who got spit him out all
right today's the day I'm venturing to
Ikea I got my fanny pack on more
convenient than my purse and I'm gonna
get stuff for my office and other things
so things and things let's go I meant
Home Depot buying a drill to calm myself
because I hated okay these things keep
going on
stop going off dinging anyway I got
nothing at IKEA that had nothing that I
wanted or needed and then I went over to
Lowe's and they had nothing I wanted or
needed and then I went over to Staples
and they had nothing that I wanted or
needed and now I'm at Home Depot getting
a drill cuz I wanna hang curtains and I
want to do a bunch of stuff but I don't
want to drill and I want one so that's
what I were doing right now getting a
drill it's making me happy hey so it's
Sunday and I just got to Rebecca so
Rebecca and Matt are getting a show
together and so I'm here and I'm
supposed to meet my cousin Stephanie and
I see her car but I don't see her and I
see the back of the building I'm
supposed to be at but I have no clue
where the front is so this shall be fun
to find I called my cousin and she gave
me brief directions I think I found one
to speak
she already did I decide I just have the
key just keep going all right
Oh Rebecca show was hilarious I had a
lot of fun I thought I was super cute
she had a good plot I know what you call
it her and Matt got married again so
they were like kind of recreating their
wedding which was I thought it was
really cute I liked it it was a good job
good job Rebecca and Matt so I went our
show and afterwards we went over to
Josh's his parents are in town sleighs
parents are in town Rebecca's parents in
town so it was a parent family party at
Josh was that me and my Matt went to and
we hung out there for a while I was a
lot of fun they all have very nice
families but now I'm back in my place
I'm going to close this out and then I
think Matt just opened a window because
it's I can hear the traffic okay so I'm
closing this out thank you guys for
watching I love you and I will see you
Wednesday
cool bye you wanna you wanna
