guess where I'm going today is that
enough that hit Disneyland not for the
whole day
my dad is driving from San Diego to
Irvine tonight and he was like hey woman
meet me at Disneyland new to fireworks
and I was like yes yes I will so I'm
gonna leave at like 3:30 meeting him for
dinner like 6:00 in Anaheim and then do
Disneyland with him just for the evening
and that's it and I'm very excited about
it and that's gonna be my day but I need
to film a Thursday video today before I
go do that so I need business before
pleasure so right now I'm getting ready
to film a Thursday random video but I
have absolutely no idea what you need to
film so I'm getting ready for it I'm
gonna dress when I make a buck it's had
a pic camera I know who would I'm
filming now I have an idea for a video
and I ordered the supply but they're not
gonna get here till tonight or tomorrow
and the videos to go up tomorrow so I'll
just be Tuesday's video but I saw the
figure out today's I'm a mess I haven't
been this kombucha
it's gonna be you I wear it I use with
videos and a long time so now I'm
falling behind and I'm struggling and I
need to get back on it so goodness
gracious look at me complaining all
right I'm gonna make a button something
will come to me I'll go on Twitter
I just went to Ralph's to see throws any
like food things I could do but I'm so
over tasting foods and so I don't know
what to do in like the next two hours of
maybe Walgreens I'll have something
maybe asked to do some as seen on tv
products that might work I were just
think fun like I could go to her store
and just grab like a bunch of candy and
do the candy tasting challenge but I
won't have like super fun doing it and I
want to have fun doing these videos I
don't otherwise it this it's pointless I
wanna do what I love so I think I'll
find something I love
alright figure myself out I'm gonna make
epic some mores as my video it's this
whole thing you mean it'll be up by the
time you see this but now I'm on my way
to do Zeeland and they go hang out with
my father so I'm gonna put this down and
drive it to hours of traffic or she's
only taking 45
ah drives for a half hour and realized I
forgot like Disneyland past I'm sure
there's a way I can download an app and
I'm trying to down whatever it is the
app in the world right now but I don't
know if I need my past the first time to
like put in the information or whatever
and I don't want to risk it because it's
hanging from a downed line I don't want
to risk it all the way of dissing it and
have downloaded them to still be like oh
no can't get in so I'm freaking out I'm
driving back Matt's gonna run down my
pass to you but that's just like an ad
the next year like it's fully like a
full hour to my trip which is so friggin
annoying I'm so angry right now I'm so
mad at myself for forgetting that this
morning I was like you can't forget your
past game with your passage and my
wallet but I decided to bring my fanny
pack instead of my purse so I just took
out like my my license on my debit card
that's what anger sounds like I finally
made it to Disneyland I brought my
father so we're on the cars ride and
we're gonna have a bundle of fun
rematch
how's your arm feel alright we're about
to go on Thunder Mountain is our last
ride tonight
is that it
is it over yes it's all over no no so we
start a slow clap no we were on Thunder
Mountain and the fireworks started so we
ran off Thunder Mountain in the middle
of the ride just pulled up the seat and
jumped out and we caught those laughs a
little bit
Oh
this is a Dodger game you can't make the
whole crowd do something all right so we
saw the firework show which is what we
wanted to do when we came here because
we couldn't watch it yeah because my dad
do you guys know how lame this video was
to edit for some reason at Disneyland my
vlog camera decided to be a punk and a
couple files were in a DAT form which
app I can't open and so some awesome
clips you couldn't see and then I had to
cut out other clips because they were in
reference to those clips that didn't
work and so none of it made sense and
then a lot of the files just like didn't
import correctly and had to re import
them like three different times in three
different settings I don't know what was
going on but my camera was a butthole I
had a lot of fun at Disney I had a lot
of fun of my father
I kept beating him at all the games and
he's very upset about it but you
shouldn't challenge me it was just sort
of normal fun game I wouldn't have
played so hard but you challenged me dad
okay that's it I love you guys thanks
for watching I'll see you tomorrow okay
cool
