today hello it's Memorial Day
that's all honor and remember those who
have fought and fallen happy birthday
and because of tomorrow that means that
furniture stores are having a sale so
I'm going to get a couch today this
one's gonna go in my office and I'm
going to get a couch that I really want
and it's gonna get delivered later in
the week but today that's what I'm doing
I'm doing it it's going to be done
that's what we're doing today
join me shall you shall we show what I
know I just bought a couch that happened
I think it's the biggest purchase I've
ever made and I'm stressing out about it
and I wasn't comfortable doing it and
I'm gonna go to Home Depot and get
better pots for Blanca violet Patricia
because they need better pops in life
okay went to Home Depot got three pots
got three things of fertilizer and not a
watering can just watch me if you know
anything about gardening and you realize
I've done this wrong don't make fun of
me
I'm trying it alright y'all guys started
somewhere right so is halftime on the
game so I'm gonna stop and show you what
we did with the flowers alright so we've
got these pots and we put them in the
big pots and so now they have pots oh
look I could get a little sunshine
getting a little sunshine so hopefully
the plants do well I have to water them
every day and I will good morning I
wanna do my morning routine with me
I ordered the cows and cleared out the
living room it's very echoey in here and
the couch matt has makeshift to the
couch right now
but the couch will go there and here but
yeah I'm waiting for the delivery guys
to show up and then once they do and
everything's in set and in place I'm
either going to Ikea or my old apartment
haven't decided yet don't want to do
either but I got to do one of them my
couches are put in my couches are put in
now I know they aren't the most
beautiful cutest couches in the world
some might say they're a little bulky a
little man cave II hate that term but
they are genuinely the most comfortable
couches I've ever sat on and that's I
really care about because what I'm
sitting in it I'm not looking at it so I
don't care what they look like yeah
they're in right now and then we're
gonna go to Costco and I'm very happy
satisfied
alright thanks little cute guys for
watching that's it for this vlog I hope
you enjoyed it and I will see you Friday
correct well I'll see you on my main
channel tomorrow make sure you're also
checking out my main channel but I don't
know who would watch my vlog channel not
my main channel because I feel like the
vlog channel is a trickle down from the
main channel I don't know maybe there's
one of you out there go check out my
main channel is that a thing have one
okay
love you guys sorry bye
