good morning want to see the most
depressing mall ever this
I feel like I'm not supposed to be in
here and it's very illegal
there's like nothing here we came here
because that on Google Maps it said
there was a furniture store like this is
where scary movies are filmed like I
just expect that piano to start making
noise can we look at the directory I
wanna see if there's anything else in
this entire vault just there's no one
here this is I feel like this is this is
that like a explode or something that
first storm was there it was like the
only store in the entire vault but it
had like three pieces of furniture and
they were all really gaudy and
disgusting so to the next step we
shopped for several hours and genuinely
bought nothing so that was fun we came
back to watch the Warriors Thunder game
and freakin Warriors won so it's friggin
going to Game seven and the Warriors are
gonna win because it's their home for
pink game and I don't want to have to
root for the Carib anyway during the
game Matt and I made dinner and we're
making orange chicken not like the
deep-fried kind but now it just kind of
looks this kind of looks like a
casserole I don't look right I don't
know I don't know how to work this oven
oven light go off that was quite fancy
but yeah so I don't know how this dinner
is gonna taste it took a lot of work it
takes two hours to make this dish didn't
realize that going into it thought it
took like maybe an hour so good great
fantastic
that's the vlog fast because Matt's
gonna eat it if I don't blog it there it
is that looks so weird time to eat it
all right let's put mint on top of it
drink beer in the meantime drink my beer
now it's kind of warm oops are you gonna
hear Sherlock in the back for a quick
second but I want to eat this on camera
the second event a war for bombers and
promotion to me cut underwhelming but
it's not bad
we're at Home Depot again and I'm
picking out flowers I got hydrangeas I
know nothing about flowers as I've said
before but Matan is a friend that says
hydrangeas are easy to take care of so
that's what we're talking don't they
look so pretty in the backseat helping
on the bump they look great
okay I've named them this one's violet
this one's Blanca and this one's
Patricia the first thing I did this
morning was water my clans violet Blanca
and Patricia so they are loving their
morning breakfast of h2o and they're
getting a little sunlight right now I
might have to reposition them cuz only
one side about gonna get sunlight in the
morning and then the other half gets it
at night like when the Sun sets cuz my
balcony is facing a certain direction
with overhang on it so I think I have to
reposition them so they all get the same
sunlight I don't know I have to figure
it out I know nothing about plans so
Matt woke up and was like you please are
in the right spot you're not gonna good
son like I said I'm probably to
reposition them but yeah they're not
getting any Sun right now they're
definitely in the shade want to see him
so this one got a little Sun in the
morning and this one got no Sun and the
balcony is completely shaded right now
so it's like 11:00 a.m. and none of them
are getting sunlight
listen violet got sunlight this morning
I woke up and she had sunlight on her
and Blanca had a little and I'm thinking
Matt says that when the Sun set they
won't get any Sun but I think that it
will that Patricia and the other side of
Blanco will get Sun when the Sun sets
that's my theory we're currently
fighting about it so come later when the
Sun starts setting we'll see who was
right I really hope that I'm right
because I'm documenting that and I hate
being wrong but who likes being wrong
was I guess I was wrong the best okay
I'm gonna close out the blog thanks for
watching my scary trip to a deserted
mall seriously there was no one in that
mall it was completely deserted there
was I think I saw two other people the
entire time I was in that mall all of
the stores were closed I don't
understand how that's a functioning
place I don't get it also thank you for
watching my plant success someone
tweeted I tweeted that I got my plants
and I was very excited about it and
they're like I bet you within one month
you kill them okay
bets on what do you bet I bet you $100 I
don't kill them within a month it's on
human being it's on man I was excited to
keep them alive and now I'm determined
to keep them alive because of you who
does that who tweets that who's so evil
and expects so little of me when have I
ever killed something on you I'm not
gonna kill him I keep my alive they're
my babies those are my babies now I'm
tending to a living thing I am
determined to keep them alive
done with that that's it now I'm saying
bye goodbye love you
