can I show you something that makes my
OCD really happy this I bought hangers
just for my tank tops that I
color-coordinated them and it makes my
OCD so happy I love it so much a while
of my closet I do so happy so good
morning guys
it's Friday Friday gotta get down on
Friday I don't know if I'll ever get
over that song it's a good frickin song
back a black just for boobie crap today
I read this dubber ends I wanted to go
up to Canada this weekend but I just
have too much work and moving stuff to
do so I just saw the guy time which is
annoying
my parents are going up I wanted to go
with them on love time that's really sad
so I just got to work why why why put
them on a Berber Berber Berber
okay so we got not a haircut
and then we just went to living spaces
we went there a couple days ago and
there's a couch there that I really want
it's the most comfortable thing I've
ever sat on in my entire life but it's a
little pricey so we just went back and I
sat on it again and I'm even more in
love with it
so I'm gonna have to figure out a way to
pinch some pennies so I can get it I'm
just such a struggle bus right now we're
gonna go to Home Depot return our
showerhead that we don't want and then
we're gonna buy some plants because I
have a balcony and you can see through
the balcony into my apartment I don't
really like that so we're gonna put some
plants so you can't see into my
apartment genius right so I have to go
figure out how to plant I have no idea
where I left you yesterday I think was I
on my way to Home Depot we went to Home
Depot and then realized we know nothing
about plants cuz we wanted to get plans
for the balcony got dog Depot look the
plants I went oh I don't know what we're
doing so he came back and then then when
we do we got dinner and then we went
back to the old apartment and picked up
some more stuff I was like in a funky
mood I haven't been able to work I
haven't been able to sit down and really
get stuff done I had like piles of
actual mail then I used to go through
for work by who has files on actual mail
my email was getting filled up and I was
just taking care of urgent things in the
morning and then going and doing
apartment stuff so start having a
meltdown yesterday I think I wasn't like
an actual meltdown but I was like I was
like what is wrong with you I was like I
just have enabled work making me
stressed so finally last night I sat
down and worked for like two hours
straight and it really made me happier
I'm at the point in my life where work
makes me happy and when I don't work I
get stressed out so that was my day I
don't know why I didn't vlog any of it
so this vlog isn't very long at all so
let's hang out a little bit this morning
before I edit and post you yeah are you
guys done with finals yet cuz I feel
like for the past two months everyone
tonight I'm final tomorrow I am final
tomorrow I made fun of you this is how I
think you talked so I guys done yet like
come on it's the end of May you got to
be done right huh I'm getting I'm
getting annoyed with it for you because
it feels like it's lasting forever so
I've been thinking I think I won
you guys a little apartment tour I was
gonna do it what everything's furnished
but it looks like that's not gonna
happen for a long time because I have
problems buying a lot of things at one
time buy your little apartment door okay
here's my office a couch will go there
here's a closet here's a bathroom
here's a kitchen here's my laundry
here's my bed I'm currently using a
cooler as a nightstand because I'm cheap
here's my closet again I still love it
here's another bathroom that's right I
have two bathrooms here's my shower this
is pretty legit the apartment came with
a full-length mirror do you think my
sweat fits
hey look it's me again and this man he's
from SVU
here's the table thing you knew it would
put together here's my coffee table
here's a chair here's my couch that
won't be here it'll be a different couch
here's my workout area here's a fridge
this will be the beer fridge this is the
food fridge this came with the apartment
I didn't buy this this is too fancy for
me and most importantly here's my coffee
maker so that's the tour I hope you guys
liked it I don't know how to do
apartment tours also this is not
furnished so it looks really lame if I
show you everything so maybe I will wait
till it's fully furnished but that was
some you good some Jets of it's a
2-bedroom 2-bath kitchen with an island
and a washer and dryer so everything on
my checklist has been checked that's
it's my dream place this is like my
dream place I'm very excited to live
here so that's it I'm gonna close this
out thank you guys for watching and I'll
see you tomorrow all right
