I'm leaving Hawaii today but I have two
more hours report nope I have an hour
and a half before I have to go get ready
to leave so I'm gonna go enjoy it by
swimming in the pool and having fun
today with no frosting on them
just wheat that's a really bad day for
bullying there's just everything that
could go wrong is going to chop them up
yes
as you can see she needs your prayers
and all of the thoughts in your head at
this moment thank you
good morning good morning good morning I
am on my way to a shoot I got a brand
deal I confirm that Saturday and now
it's Sunday and I'm going to go do it so
I'm very little time to prepare but I
don't need to prepare all I'm doing is
sit down and they're doing this cool egg
makeup thing on me and then I'm gonna be
Sam hot rubs my house boy and I missed
the O'Toole life come on I mean it's our
second life life that doesn't make sense
I'd be so to them but anyway so I'm just
doing a makeup thing for my Instagram
and then he is doing a thing for his
Instagram and I'm gonna be in it with my
makeup it's old thing it's for a scary
movie it's not hashtag out on this
channel fully hashtag Adam on my
Instagram and then I'm gonna tweet and
Facebook about it so you know because
people like to be prepared for these
brand deals when they're coming just so
you know I'm not lying to you
letting you know but anyway so I'm about
to go do that but I don't think I can
film the makeup part of it cuz that's
supposed to be like part of the brand
deal so if I post about it but I'm
paying I don't know there's so many
rules people like to get on youtubers
but I understand why but
I'm gonna break any rule she can't get
back by the way that's all charted on
fire that was on fire this is this is
all ash right here this whole mountain
you're looking at is black and burnt to
a crisp on a single living thing on that
just dirt and ash is what this mountain
is you're not gonna be able to see it
through the Sun glare but this was all
up in flames the other day just just so
you all know this mountain right here
right right here this mountain that were
passing there it is that's completely
just burnt gonna love California fires
I'm pissed
okay I'm pissed I'm annoyed but I
understand why it's happening the
freeway I had to take I looked at my map
before I left and it was like 20 minutes
to get there I was like fantastic I
looked at my back right when I got on
the freeway so still the same amount of
time I said great so I'm driving and
also when I'm driving it's like oh that
exit you want to take to get onto the
freeway yeah it's close so take this
exit static okay but that exit was also
closed and so I was like okay it added
because I was gonna get there with ten
minutes to spare and now it made it so I
was gonna get there right at the right
time okay everyone needs to stop cutting
in front of each other and just go
anyway so I finally get on the for you I
need to be in it's like okay I'll get
there exactly at 9:00 supposed to be
there exactly 9:00 that's fine I like
getting there a little early but
whatever so I'm getting there right at
9:00 I'm not afraid and I'm about to
take my exit to be a half a mile away
from the place I was supposed to be I'm
getting off on my exit it's close to and
now I had to drive two miles past it
interested like bumper-to-bumper traffic
and I'm trying to get to the next exit
but it was two miles away and so then I
have to backtrack all the way back on
the other side of three because that
exits open it's a mess and now I'm gonna
be 20 minutes late to my shoe when I was
originally gonna be 10 minutes early but
they all decide that the worst the third
the government decided to close all the
exits but not all of them only the two
entrances and exits I need it that's it
so one entrance to the freeway and the
one exit off that freeway those are the
only I'm not joking the only two things
closed for my entrance and my exit
everything else Clare open take your
take your pick and then if they're given
me a warning like being like hey the
exit you want is not in use use the one
before it
I totally would have done that it would
have been fine but now maybe 20 minutes
late I already texted them I'm sorry I
hate that I hate it I'm angry so I can't
show you guys what I'm doing I can't
show you that I'm in a bald cap I'm in a
bald cap right now and I'm going to be
I've been in makeup for an hour and 20
I'm gonna have about another two hours
to go but okay I am done filming this is
what I look like I have to go home and
shower I can't show you guys what I did
yet it'll be on my Instagram xx or
something like that I don't know I don't
know idea but anyway it's 4:45
I'm going home to shower I have to run
some errands and then do dinner with
Matthew you know I just ate lunch lunch
was at 4:30 for me which was fantastic
no I actually wasn't even that hungry
but that was a cool experience I can't
wait for you guys to see what I just did
that was actually like a legit
