good morning you guys going to see my
favorite thing about this new apartment
how sure it's your fire I don't have to
use quarters anymore I don't have to
deal with the washer dryer that break in
the middle of the cycle I don't have to
deal with someone else using the laundry
oh and I want to use it I've never been
happier this is like I could live in a
hole but as long as I have a washer and
dryer I'm happy like this is this is my
favorite thing in the world
all right I got a lot more moving stuff
to do today we got little stuff that
back the old apartment and I need a
bicep for this place
um but yeah so let's do that yeah cool
hey my mommy
she just got dermapen done I just got
lasered so she's going to take us to
Costco Africa there is a TV stand I want
but it doesn't fit in my car and my mom
is got a bigger car so I'm using her and
abusing her I go dear we've made it to
Costco to get me an entertainment center
are you excited mother I am so excited
look there's rugs all right here it is
this is the one I want why don't you
focus focus on that I Emeritus you
approve MA what becomes a doohickey I
love a good doohickey I love a good
doohickey now I have nowhere to sit
don't look at us that's attractive we
got this you said into the apartment and
now we're getting Starbucks before my
mom heads back and then I'm going to
pennyboard back to where I need to be
and then that's my life so what if any
more days not even everyone knows what a
penny board is a tiny little long board
so is the next one a dime board and
quarter more a dollar
coming up with brilliant ideas here mom
anyway yes you know I have seen penny
boards that are just long boards like
penny board is the brain oh I thought it
was because I'm small yeah I don't know
but I like your quarter board idea I
just needed to I need a side note real
quick I just as I was walking at a
Starbucks I said excuse me to Caitlyn
Jenner she just walked right past me I
said excuse me she was anything in
return but that moment happen in my life
that's the end all right I've calmed
down for my whole Caitlyn Jenner thing I
got home and told Matt that I saw
Caitlyn Jenner and he said 'who's that i
said uh used to be Bruce Jenner he said
who's that
so we live different lives that's okay
anyway I'm gonna put together the
entertainment center thing Matt she'll
help but I'm excited then we're gonna
put our TV on it right now the TVs in
the bedroom on top of the dresser
because that's where you put it so I'm
gonna do this
boom
setup done it was actually extremely
difficult it was like worse than IKEA
furniture and that nothing lined up and
we had to make shift stuff with random
screws that's good but we got done and
just in time to watch the Warriors
Thunder game so we just gotta move this
out there dude the Thunder loss I'm
really upset about it but they have
another game and if they win that they
go into the finals if they lose it they
play another game and then they have to
win that one in order to go in the
finals Golden State Warriors are cool
and all they're a good team and I'm
pretty sure they're just a regular
season team like I know that they won
everything last year you guys don't care
I'll stop talking sports I'm sorry
anyway um I just edited this vlog that
you're currently watching and I realized
that I was very starstruck that I didn't
really tell you the whole Caitlyn Jenner
story there's not much else to it I was
just walking at a Starbucks it was a
very small walkway and Caitlyn Jenner
was walking towards me I didn't realize
it was her until I sidestepped and then
I looked I saw her they all excuse me
then she smiled at my mother but didn't
say anything to me and then we walked
out our mom looked at me and she goes
100% Caitlyn Jenner right I was like 100
was that Caitlyn Jenner and then I
called on my camera to say I didn't say
like excuse me hi can I have an
autograph or a picture I Jenni losing
excuse me because I was sidestepping out
of her way so she could walk in cuz the
pathway was narrow at the Starbucks I
was at anyway she looked fabulous very
tall very tall human can I just show you
my office I have a big space of nothing
I want to put a couch there and then
film Rachael's room towards that and I
need I have nothing for the walls I
think I want my color scheme white
silver and blue I don't know why but
that's what I want I already have the
white and the gray thing happening with
walls a grey the desk is white all my
electronics are silver I don't know
figure it out myself alright thanks for
watching I love you guys
talk to you later subscribe by the way
also my last vlog apparently didn't go
into people's subscription feeds I don't
know what's going on didn't know how I
fix that hopefully this one shows up let
me know in the comments if you got a
notification for it seriously don't know
it happened so love you guys
hopefully see this cool bye
you
