good morning everybody
so just another amazing reason why I am
excited to move my tub is clogged again
and my toilet won't flush yes
you guys remember like it's completely
clogged it's been like this for about an
hour do you see that that's the waters
levels there and of course it's just
dripping like crazy I don't I don't
understand in the toilet won't flush
anything so as Lily's just peeing the
toilet right now you remember a few
weeks ago this happened I'm gonna close
the door so I don't have to listen it
this happened and they came out and they
fixed it fix it real well it's really
good guys so we have one more night here
and that's it so I mean it's Sunday it's
not like they're gonna have a plumber
come out here because the management of
this place is not good so my parents are
currently at Coleen's they spent the
night because heather has a show tonight
that they're going to so globe glozell
baby shower yesterday and Henderson
nights my parents stayed over at
Colleen's that's just where I'm gonna be
the rest of the until Heather's thing
and I guess tonight I'm just gonna hold
my pee good right okay and then tomorrow
I get to move into a beautiful fantastic
place with working plumbing and amazing
management there I really like the
building management so they're so I'm in
the garage because the pipes are up here
pretty sure that's my shower that I just
took that's that's on the lights that's
gonna be great
and just good that looks really good and
safe good optical leans all right so I
macro leans and Matt's barbecue it I was
about to barbecue reading this reading
kebabs he has made a mess look at his
mess he's made I'll clean that up sir
so we're just showing and hanging not
really doing much my mother Oh what are
you doing MA explorer org looking at the
balcony
share the babies Oh explored org looks
like so much is happening hey let me see
if the mommy comes back here's the mommy
oh there it is that's what we're doing a
lot of fun we're going to Heather's
thing today we're gonna see her perform
and sing in things just now sometimes
when I just exist I see black dots
floating around and I just saw one and I
followed it with my eyes to her perform
and sit that's all my mom just looked at
me it's normal
happens a lot you know it not I have
talked to a doctor and a nurse and they
both said it's fine doctor open what
toenail pediatrician okay well let's try
to go boom food it's made boom I made
vegetables shifted dad oh there it is my
dad insisted on getting this veggie tray
flying like Super Bowl okay what but we
came back to my place though pipes seem
to fix themselves but I still don't
trust them I'm glad I'm moving tomorrow
but right now I am on my way to go see
Heather perform has our Heather Hazzard
performance tonight and so I put on a
dress look it those are my legs
oh I didn't I think I might have
pollution on them
but I ready go do that everyone's there
so bike ready
I'm sure
and I told a vision I can do
oh my god
really a woman she has no way out no
Jeannie is upset because she's torturing
her vile and her child not responding
correctly is it torture if she enjoys
you're trying to torture and you're bad
that she wasn't angry about good she's a
great mother I'm sorry my life people to
make a montage of the time shitty or
like she's a great mother your you
gastro
ah got it smudgy good-morning it's the
next day
heather's thing was awesome she sounded
amazing I wasn't they had made an
announcement that wasn't supposed to
film so this is the only sneaky clip I
got
but she sounded so great and I had a lot
of fun hanging out with everyone it was
amazing also I have an ingrown hair in
my armpit right now it's not doing well
but exciting news just picked up the
keys to my new apartment and I'm on my
way to go with the u-haul and then a
very stressful back aching days ahead of
me but I am so excited for it and I will
show you a little bit of the place later
but for now I'm going to move a lot of
things and drive a really big truck
which I've never done before so this
should be exciting oh my gosh I'm
driving a massive u-haul right now and
it's very echoey in here just me this
road way down there thought I got a
15-footer and I have to drive this
around the day I am praying please do
not let me scratch it or crash it or hit
anybody or kill anybody it's gonna be a
long day
well this is a lot of fun we're in the
middle of moving half the big stuffs in
the u-haul right now I've been sweating
in our hair's a mess but this is gonna
take forever it took us three hours we
packed the whole truck
goodbye ramp
are you blogging me I'm driving it what
I go in right now but I'm driving it
oh it has no kill up
as well
I'll get it there one day alright
tomorrow
sir Maggie
I look disgusting but you might not
believe this but I smell worse it is
much later we moved all of the big stuff
and we're done with the u-haul I drove
it back I didn't damage it I drove it
perfectly and I was awesome but all the
big stuff has moved in and there's a
bunch of little stuff still left in my
apartment but we really really want to
take showers because we stink really bad
because we're moving all day just me and
Matt that's I rocked it and we didn't
even fight like I feel like most couples
would fight in that situation we didn't
even so we win we want to take showers
anyway we want to take showers but we
need shower curtains and our last
malaise had a glass store and these ones
are like these huge tubs but you need a
shower curtain so we're off to Target so
that we can shower we also need to get
lamps because the apartment doesn't have
lighting on the roof only in the kitchen
and in the bathrooms it has lighting on
the roof so we have to go buy a bunch of
lamps so that we can see while
assembling things tonight so it's been a
good day it's been a very tiring day my
whole body super sore and gross but I
think it's been a pretty successful day
I have a new target I have to get used
to it
I moved away from my last target so this
is my new target okay this is me closing
out I'm in an echo II room cuz there's
no furniture in it except my desk desk
okay I love you guys I'll see you later
thank you so much for watching
seriously everything went very smooth
move-in day
that's very happy about that still got a
lot more to do but we'll get done okay
so I'll see you guys later yeah cool bye
you
