good morning I am about to drive to a
baby store to get a present for glozell
baby shower
why isn't is focusing on my beauty come
on there you go hey what's up so uh
those house baby shower is later today I
don't know if I'm allowed to say that
but I'm saying it and so I have to go
pick up a present you know I'm really
responsible day of getting a swaddle
blanket I don't know is on the registry
and teenie told me to buy it that's all
I know
I got it and I had them wrap it in green
for glue so I walked in and I like what
do you need I told them they're like all
right it's back here and you'll probably
need that wrap does it yeah they're like
okay very nice under way I had no clue
what I was doing and everyone else was
in there with babies and I wanted to
hold all the babies but I don't want to
have one right now cuz that's a lot of
work and a lot of drool and vomit back
home actually I gotta go to Target for
tampons on a banana ate Matt's last
banana he got really upset about to go
get him a banana Oh life
- my gain
she's living for her puffle
great one Sean and Simon they want my
dad drew this it's okay what's his name
turtle frog that's a good name very
literal good habit doing it good this
car in front of me got in front of me
I'd stopped at a green light and I
honked and they started moving forward
and the yet light turned yellow and then
they start to kick and their engine
foreign right now genuinely happy to see
two days in a row
why are you people stopping at greens
and my color blind am I just not signal
lights correctly I find this humorous I
can't even be angry because of how weird
it is she's inching forward because she
knows she's crazy face what just
happened why are cars stopping at green
lights I don't understand it
all right so I'm back I changed into
Cokie clothes oh no I'm going to pack up
my bathroom so exciting I get to pack at
all y'all I cleaned it out there's some
tampons cuz I'm on my period and this is
all I need for the next couple of days
when there's nothing in here and I even
closed off my shelf a little bit packing
makes you sing so the last vlog I showed
you guys some corks of this apartment
and there's one thing that I definitely
forgot to show you and it's that all the
walls slightly vibrate so if anything
like a clock is it all fully attached to
the wall I have to put like paper towels
behind it to keep it from making a
rattling noise against the wall so like
so this has one yeah and like that thing
handed over there both these things they
all have little pieces of paper or a
paper towels behind them so that they
don't make a rattling noise cuz the
walls shake normal I know
alright I'm going to
I had a lot of fun at glow cells party
shower baby shower thing a lot of fun
good food good people it's good day I
packed some more that's life
thanks for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow P bye
