okay so right now I am at Home Depot
getting boxes I don't move for like a
week
I'll be shorter than that once you see
this blog I need to get boxes and start
packing cuz you can't link pot you can
pack and move everything an entire day
but I rather not rather take my time and
not stress about it so I'm getting boxes
right now I'm gonna start packing up a
little bit today and then just pack up a
little bit each more every day so that's
what I'm doing right now good
as I explained in my live stream I
haven't been vlogging because I was
doing a bolting thing thing you saw my
snapchat yeah I got a new apartment but
I don't move in for like a week or so so
I got a new apartment and I was trying
to do leasing stuff and going to shop
and I just you know I didn't want to be
in the middle of talking to a manager
and looking at apartment to pull up my
camera and to start sighs they might
think I'm weird and we don't want to
make your manager your apartment manager
think you're weird before you even move
in so yeah that's been my life I've
already explained that in a livestream
so and now I'm back to blogging and so
I'm just gonna be doing whooping stuff
for the next little while probably doing
lots of other things but you know that's
life okay we're at forget now cuz we're
gonna buy cheap trash bags and paper
towels as liners for when we stuff boxes
I got rid of two bags worth of things
today I'm very proud of myself it was a
very treacherous thing Matt had to talk
me through each object that I threw away
it was very stressful I the throw issues
from high school just saying
target cells very intimate items all
right so I'm packing up right now it's
the next day and there you know every
time I've moved I've been like maybe
I'll miss this place maybe a shouldn't
no I won't miss this place at all there
are a few I can show you a few tiny
little quirks this apartment has so this
is a new development the shower slash
tub won't stop running and so this is I
know this is normal for a lot of people
but this oh my phone's ringing
teeny okay so yeah I know that's very
normal and it's like a first-world
problem but it's super annoying when I
want to go to sleep and I can hear it
from the other and sometimes it goes
longer and louder like it's just kinda
like a stream happening and the knobs
are turn all the way if you don't think
I can turn a knob all the way you're
pretty ridiculous so that's just one
thing and then another thing I love
about this apartment
that's sarcastic I don't is you can't
see it but this is a hump you can see
that this won't ever connect because
this is slanted that way and this is
slanted that way it's just this hump
that happens so when you sit in this
chair you'll slide one way or the other
it's literally the top of the hump is
right here so it doesn't make sense the
floors aren't even but there's just
little things like light switches that
don't connect to any outlet or anything
I know these are very minuscule things
and every place has their quirks but
this I feel like this is the one time
I'm moving out and I'm like I will not
miss this place at all just I won't I
have so much packing to do just the
tiniest things like hats everywhere
there's stuff all over the place
and packing it's a lot of work oopsie
I'm gonna need to do some painting and
patching oopsie-doopsie
this dude in front of me right here I
was driving down the road and about to
turn right at this light
he cuts and trucker me and slams on his
brakes at a green light we're at the
blight was green and he stopped as that
the light was red also he went right in
front of me and I was clearly trying I
don't know what this guy's problem is
like who what just happened I'm not like
I was annoyed but I was just more
confused to anything else like I don't
underst
he got in front of me to stop at a green
light what I don't know what just
happened okay that's it for this vlog
thanks for watching and I was sporadic
but I just been doing life of you guys I
will see you tomorrow good bye
