hi surprised livestream hold on I'm
texting my mom this is a terrible time
to start to supply stream alright hi so
let me tweet this real quick live stream
right now on my vlog Channel come say hi
let's see if that works uh hashtag for
this hashtag surprise hang that's such a
lame hashtag surprise hang let's just do
that
surprise hang usually I tell you guys
what I'm doing live streams but I just
wanted to do one for funsies uh let's
see so I haven't vlogged at all and I
felt like I needed to put I need to did
you it it's Wednesday I'm supposed to
put up a vlog but I haven't been
vlogging at all because I have been
doing a lot of not vlog worthy things um
I actually just signed a lease for a new
apartment so I'm moving in a couple
weeks and so I spent the last few days
apartment hunting and signing leases and
doing bank stuff anyway so wasn't doing
anything fun or and I also was kind of
just busy so I haven't been vlogging but
I wanted to hang out with you guys for a
bit um I saw I asked how you guys's day
was or is going on Twitter and
everyone's super stressed so hopefully
you all could take like a study break or
just a break from life and come hang out
for a little bit that's all this is just
a happy little hangout um yeah so I
should snapchat that I'm live-streaming
doo-doo-doo-doo
are you guys as days going better cuz
seriously like everyone had a negative
response for me tweeting Howard how's
your day going everyone was like thought
worse and I think it's finals week for a
lot of you and so I saw that some people
seniors get out like three weeks before
the rest of you that's the stupidest
thing I've ever heard
I bet is not how everyone got out at the
exact same time at my high school
I would be so pissed if the seniors got
out before everyone else my bra showing
a little bit so I'm gonna put an emoji
over it
make sure nothing important is showing
no good snapped okay
hi so yeah let me go on Twitter and talk
with you guys let's just have some fun
let's be positive people you're all
being so negative
and I understand that sometimes it's
negative so let's just be positive all
right mmm
what's the hashtag surprise hang that's
that hashtag all right
learn from your sister Rachel to
livestream wait Oh
people are telling kollene to learn from
me into not livestream at 2:00 a.m. that
girl is at the o2 am is the only time
she has to live stream stream cuz she is
definitely just busy 24/7 hey can you
help me with my math nope that's
geometry I'm terrible with geometry
sorry algebra and trigonometry are my
are my things I can't do geometry um
everyone's just saying worst finals are
tomorrow well this is your mental break
this is your mental health break right
now
I know finals suck a lot yes they do I
hate I hate it
you stopped watching Dance Moms for this
Congrats Rachel Thank You Claire I mean
Dance Moms is awesome
but thanks for turning it off to come
watch me how's your day been my day has
been great I had a very stressful day
yesterday um so just there's just a
stressful day a lot of like business
work stuff was happening and going wrong
and so it stressed me out but like
nothing terrible happened or anything
and I wasn't like sad it was just a
stressful day um but today has been
great everything's been working out I
feel like everything's great
I have no negativities of today I filmed
the video I need to stop filming videos
that requires me to wait in the middle
of like the craft or science experiment
or thing that I'm doing feel like
waiting for stuff to dry or hardened or
set
I thought I need to stop doing this
because I guess so fascia like film part
of the video and then I just wait and I
hate it and I feel like my energy
changes cuz like I'm so angry that I
have to wait for this thing to dry but
yeah they have created like the reverse
microwave right like the flash freeze I
think that they have it in like kitchens
throw in people it's like why isn't that
something people have like don't oh
don't you all say like let's go to the
freezer that takes a really long time to
get things to harden and dry I'm talking
about like you know microwave makes
things hot in a second no the outside
the inside stuff cold like why don't why
isn't that just a normal thing in
households to make it cold quick just
yeah that's just me though have you ever
heard of flash freeze I don't is that
the thing I don't know does it feel
weird not seeing Colleen anymore
i yeah but before she left she was so
busy in the writing room all the time
that I never got to see her but I know
she's she's having the time of her life
right now in Canada making the best show
ever
so it's weird not seeing her obviously
but um I she's so happy that like I I'm
happy for her like really happy that
she's happy so I'm okay with not seeing
her cuz she's doing awesomeness stuff um
awesome stuff anyway so I'll see her
soon
so I mean you know just counting down
the days till I get to hang out there
again I miss everybody's not a big deal
you're watching me in class you Megan
you rebel
can you call fans I have the physical
ability but I don't want to right now
because this is just this is how we're
gonna hang out
that's terrible a tree say I have a big
presentation tomorrow and I'm nervous
can you wish me luck I love you
yes is a good luck on your presentation
tomorrow presentations used to stress me
out public speech
public speaking used to stress me out I
haven't gotten better at it I've just
gotten more used to it one day you'll
get you'll get so annoyed and so bored
and hate a class so much that's standing
up in front of it and presenting to it
will be nothing it'll literally just man
up there and like it'll be the best
presentation of your life because you
give zero acts you have no you have no
cares to give and once that you hit that
moment in your life all presentations
are done on an out will be totally easy
totally easy I am giving a terrible
representation of public speaking right
now I guess isn't this is public is this
a form of public speaking yes it is and
I'm popping into public you're just not
like literally in front of me you're
through camera but one day in your life
you will get to a moment when you don't
care anymore
and then presentations are really easy
after that unless you're like a huge
life-changing one then you should be a
little nervous about that but just I
mean telling you to chill isn't gonna
make you chill but like it's okay you're
gonna be okay
I only remember I think one presentation
that that in my life I think - I don't
once you give the presentation you're
done it's over think you just got to get
through it can you scream Tomatoes
tomatoes I don't like tomatoes I have an
interview tomorrow any tips smile be
pleasant I mean I don't know make eye
contact if you have a handshake make
sure it's a firm good handshake um
listen to what they say and respond in a
positive manner my friend owns his own
business and he interviews people a lot
it's like when this business constantly
has new people coming in and those
people either get promoted
faster they quit because they don't like
the job but he has he's constantly
hiring people and one person he hired
he's like okay so uh any other
qualifications or anything else I should
know about you and she's like well I'm a
Gemini so you know what that means
because that means you're not hired he
said it is another person say the exact
same thing they're like I'm only what is
it I don't know this is where the signs
like Aries and Scorpio I literally know
Aries and Scorpio my sister meet that's
it
but anyway he's had multiple people tell
them like it tell him there what is that
called
Kazan please tell me what's it called
it's is it it starts with an A I'm
blanking I don't know what it's called
I'm gonna refresh Twitter maybe someone
will tell me no one's telling me yeah
well I strop stralla G is strong I don't
remember what it is I should go back to
school
Oh number um what are you thoughts on
Justin Bieber's haircut Oh glad we're
having this discussion
oh no my guy changes his hair in four
seconds I'm sure he did it to get rid of
his dreads right cuz he had dreads no no
looks fine I don't really care as long
as he likes it
hi it's Brian you blocked me a few weeks
ago
oh okay Brian you probably did something
that was rude or annoying so apparently
your unbox oh hello Brian
welcome back to the gang mmm welcome to
art rubber how many people yet we almost
about two thousand it's good for a
surprise hangout and everyone's got
finals and things I'm getting very sick
of every comment on live streams being
dab me to Sophie me too why I don't know
why people want to see people dab so
much like I just don't get it I guess I
don't I don't know once I kind of fade
out it'll fade out soon just stay strong
Sophie just stay strong it will it'll
fade everything does how much do you
love me
well press five that's not your name
it's press five your name I don't think
that's your name I love you a lot
wait can you explain what you're doing
at VidCon I need to see you uh well
Ramsey beloved I don't have anything
planned for VidCon right now and I just
reached out to YouTube to my youtube
contact I was like hey I need to do
something so I'm trying to get something
to do but currently I have nothing to do
VidCon so you know you have to go sit
over there at that table you can't sit
with the cool kids so I have nothing
planned for VidCon but I mean I have a
pass I'm going and I'm gonna make sure
that I can meet you guys at some point
but that's just me running out in the
danger zone or what I don't know but I'm
gonna try and make an appearance somehow
I will I promise
so I'm not gonna go all the way to
VidCon just hanging out backstage how
are your neighbors um once caught me
filming today he didn't even glance at
me he like just kind of like looked and
he Styles fell me he just kinda like
kept going on with his life but my
neighbors are good yeah I think I
haven't seen
see those ones all the time I see the
okay I see them all the time like
they're always home and my brain I was
like do they even have jobs like what do
they do and then I was like oh wait
across the settings actually the thing
about me so that's fun can you put your
leg behind your head no Demaryius no
horoscope Thank You Jenny
that was the word I was looking for a
billion years ago in this livestream a
horoscope yes
don't tell your interviewer your
horoscope as you as a strength or as a
weakness or is just to explain yourself
because they won't take you seriously I
know a lot of people take your
horoscopes very seriously and that's
fine but in intervenor view you don't
know if you're in viewer is into that
unless you're like interviewing to act
like some psychic place I don't know
what you're interviewing for but yeah
your horoscope just keep it they can
tell your horoscope by your birthday
that you probably had to put on a form
so they already know it it's fine if
they're into that stuff they already
know it you don't need to tell so DIAC
sign wait which one is it zodiac sign or
in the horoscope I don't know there's
too many things I don't even know do you
think this is pretty well it's a flower
so yeah astrology what okay somebody
invited me I didn't know what it was
okay
please encourage me to study for a quick
as okay cat eh
listen don't study yet once this live
string is streaming over then you're
gonna go over to wherever you are the
most uh focused in the studying like I
know the bed might be most comfortable
but you might study better at a desk or
at a table so go to wherever is best for
your studying and you go to it and then
you study and then you do it and then
once you get that quiz back you'd be
like dang I'm glad I studied you're
never like dang I'm so mad at myself for
studying like when do we ever do that
when does that mean whenever like dang
it I studied too much you're always mad
that you didn't study you're never met
that you did study so I suggest studying
and then you've done it and then you
won't be mad at yourself okay you can
make sure you're studying the right
thing though cuz that's something that
does happen like dinging and I studied
the wrong thing make sure you're
studying the correct thing but you know
what's that encouraging I think me just
telling you might have been encouraging
do it my period just started I don't
want it to be here I am in serious pain
I'm sorry Brooke
I can't help you with the situation uh
take some midol eat a banana put a hot
pad on your uterus and you can sit on
the toilet or you could use a pad or a
tampon I don't know what you do in your
life I'm not in charge of your
downstairs area but do what you ever do
what you do
if you feel super gross take a shower
don't take a bath that's gross
don't do that but these are my tips yeah
and also drink water and then roll
around in agony that always makes me
feel better just complaining about it
have you ever considered moving to the
East Coast
no my I have not I like the West Coast
do like bagels yes
who doesn't like carbs
what do you like on Netflix everything
what did I just watch you just watch
something about what it was
Bub's burns for I think friends is
currently going in the next room you
attractive such as Hulu I think Bob's
Burgers I like Bob's Burgers did you
have a senior skip day did you skip I'm
sure we did have a senior skip day but I
don't think I skipped I think my senior
year my school did it so one semester
you did four classes and then the next
semester you switched and did four
different classes and I planned Vitus I
feel like I did this for all of my
schools I planned it out for my last
half of my last year to make so I was
doing nothing and so I planned out my
schedule that my last semester of my
senior year I had one class that didn't
really matter and the rest I'd like
study hall which I got signed out of and
another thing I was like a TA and then I
also had theater so like I didn't have
anything to ditch cuz I plan to so well
so senior ditch day came and I was like
I'm already sleeping in till 11:00 and
then I show up for a class and I'm like
hey guys and we didn't do anything and
then I had theater like it was a big
deal to me Erika wants to know why I
always tell people tell you guys and
people are paying because you guys seem
to wanna know every aspect of my life so
why wouldn't I tell you when someone's
peeing I think I've only peed once today
I know that it's it's just a piece of
information to give you something that
happens do you not want me to tell you
people are paying you not shy not inform
you guys or should I inform you more and
like tweet it - I think I should tweet
it Ohio is a nice place you should come
back sometime Gabby I agree I like to I
when I was there I had fun they
what's the place chocolate martinis that
place was good they had chocolate
martinis I like that place cool then I
had a lot of fun in Hawaii Ohio us and
we were there I like your mole Oh is
this full yeah I don't let a moles on me
they're fine do you face away or towards
the showerhead Josh lean trash mafia
wants to know I face away from the
showerhead until I have to wash my face
and then I obviously face the showerhead
did you ever kiss your friend's
boyfriend before I don't know you kissed
your sister once did you ever kiss your
friend's boyfriend
I've never been a part of eating
cheating ever I frown upon it I won't
I won't be with someone who's with
someone else and I won't ever cheat I
don't like it i frowned upon it find it
disgusting so now I've never kissed a
friend's boyfriend that's not cool I
mean I did kiss my sister and she's
married that's a good situation how do
you motivate yourself to brush your hair
the only time I ever do that is it right
after the shower and my hair is wet I
comb it and that's the only time I ever
do anything brush wise with my hair um
so I mean I get out of shower and she's
kind of part of my routine I don't
really need motivation motivation is to
get into the shower once I'm in the
shower
everything's just kind of like well I
can't come up with words today like
blanking hardcourt um everything is just
a one big motion I why can't I think of
words I thank you I think I'm getting
stupider as the days goes on speak
autopilot gosh that's what I was trying
to say after I get in the shower
everything's autopilot after that ah
until my makeups on everything is
autopilot from the shower to makeup
that's what I was trying to say dear
goodness
what are your top five used emojis right
now I don't know girl let me act like
I'm on tweet and find out my Tuesday
video oh wait or is it what's today
what's tomorrow
Oh tomorrow's video is emoji related so
you should like that my top five is the
kissy face the heart eyes the crying
with the tears the sad with the tear and
the bandaged head that is a woman I used
those at all those do not represent me
at well at all I mean I don't remember
using these I used the kissy face but I
don't remember using any of the other
ones this is false this is false guys
that's not that's my phone's lying to me
I'm very angry at the emojis right now
you're lying to me what's in that make
you for dinner yesterday salmon with
sauteed kale and white rice yes that's
what I ate is there a hashtag yeah
there's a hashtag Oh surprise hang make
sure you use that hashtag I wasn't even
using it whoops
hashtag surprise hanging what's your
favorite science video you've done
lately um Liv you asked me this I don't
know I usually like all of the videos I
make except the magical rock one I was
angry I thought that one was so lame if
you guys have watched my vlogs I talked
about it a while ago that I had a video
that I thought was super lame and I
didn't want to edit and post it it was
that video the magical rocks growing I
just I think I edited in a way that was
like energetic but filming it I was like
this is the lamest thing I've ever done
in my life
I hate which is so bad of me but like I
usually try and film videos that I'm
excited about
and I like so yeah I don't really have
like a not favorite except that one on a
scale from one to ten how much do you
like avocados well Maggie I think I'm
out of seven or eight I really love them
in guacamole form avocados in guacamole
form are the best things in the entire
world
it's they're delicious I enjoy them on a
burger or on a salad they're good but
guacamole is the best form of avocado
you can get someone tweeted me
Jacqueline tweeted me my use of those
emojis that I use and it was the tweet
that cool in and Josh were getting
divorced that's when I use those when I
was being a sarcastic little punk so
good serves me right
how how many fanny packs do you own I
think just one I think I hacked I had
two that one of you guys I have a limit
when you guys got me but the zipper on
it broke which is why I got a new one um
so yeah I think I have one right now I
was so mad and a zipper broke I was so
sad
sounds a good fanny pack two is the
right size it took me a long time to
find a replacement one because the audio
I didn't like the sizes of anyone
Elizabeth wants to know did you ever
have sister talk with Colleen if you
watched yesterday's main Channel video
the chapstick challenge it seems in that
video that I thought curly penises were
a thing
I don't think curly penises are thing
thick and thin and that's what my brain
went and it didn't reverse after I heard
girly I didn't need to have a talk with
Jillian I don't I never extremist
elephant trunk
okay next Ella wants to know how Potter
tampons work well they're very simple
should I have a tampon should I grab a
tampon and show you guys how to hang on
work just tweet me yes tampon if you
want that to happen cuz I'm glad to show
you guys how damp bonds work my mommy
showed me how to hammer ons work in the
parking lot of Taco Bell she got her tea
she had a tea and she had a tampon we
for some reason she looks I mean she was
when I had him a lot of my conversations
with my mother happened in parking I
just like sorry that's not so it I'm
just replaying like every like semi
important or informational discussion
I've ever had with my mother they've
always been in parking lots actually
taught me um about what time we were
walking a parking lot and there two guys
holding hands one passes my mom looked
at me and she goes do you want to know
how gay men have sex
that's like sure she was in the butt and
I was like okay that was a lie
and then the tampon thing there's a few
other ones but anyway tampons we were in
the parking lot of Taco Bell and she was
like you know how to I was like okay she
got out p'tee she grabbed a little bit
of her teeth or the straw
told me I'm a tampon work and drop the
liquid on standby and we watched it
expands cool huh I was like uh-huh
anyway that's bad I wonder if she's
watching right now yes okay I'm gonna go
grab it I'm gonna put it in my body just
for just find yourself on the map where
do you live
all right did you find where you live on
my map I hope you did screenshot it and
start Clinton stated to me you don't
have to do that
uh-oh my mom's texting me dime watching
okay mom just checking cheese no you
might be on the beach looking for cease
sea glass or seashells I don't know what
you do alright so this is the tampon
this is a fancy new kind of than the new
package I don't expect a support
thank you open the package now I don't
know if everyone does this but I stick
my tampon application part back in the
package
then throw that away afterwards so I
keep this I just put it on my lap while
I'm doing this here's a tampon alright
this is a regular size they come in
multiple sizes there's light regular
super and super plus depending on your
flow depending how big your hole is who
knows okay so what happens is put your
penis here anytime goes here here's your
hole you stick it you have to point at
an angle correct sometime you have to
wiggle it around figure out the angle
depending on how you're squatting how
you're sitting it's okay it's normal so
you stick this up and tell your fingers
touch your vagina hole and then you push
so that your thing is in your vagina and
you push this and goes and application
the tampon goes up further and then you
pull down like this this is the
applicator this gets put back into the
tampon thing close that up
throw this away oh by the way I'm using
an entire tampon on this not that you
choose half of one tampon they're
expensive so appreciate this
demonstration see and now this little
string comes down by the hole and this
is up getting soaked up followed what
this is so gonna put on show you how it
soaks it up ice spilling see and then
the set of this absorbs this is and then
once it's time to change your tampon you
just find a string that's hanging out of
your hole and you just pull it out and
this is gross
and then you describe this and that's
how a tampon works best sex ed class
you've ever had I'm alright how many
screenshots of that am I gonna get sent
on a person like that
mom did I do a good job didn't I hope I
did
all right back to Twitter let's see what
you guys you know what I should not be
embarrassed tampons are very normal
a pad super easy a pad you there's just
like a strip on the back that you tear
off and it makes it sticky it's a
sticker and then you stick that in your
underwear
that's a pad that one does that one's
pretty self-explanatory I don't think I
need to explain that I'm not a butcher
your name not lie yeah not celaya
hanging I'm butchering your name uh at
psycho baller TV you found yourself on
my map thank you for sending me a
picture of it if it grace just said if
it doesn't go in on an angle you can get
sick what like obviously it would hurt
if you like shoved it up the wrong way
my mom sent me out of health care in
high school
beside me out of it for religious
reasons so I didn't have to take it so I
didn't know that did your mom did your
mom
awkward laugh or did your mom was
awkward or laughing hard while you were
filming the chaps Issa Oh was my mom
awkward or laughing hard my mom is
laughing she thought the chapstick sound
challenge was hilarious I mean I think
she did she was like but she was mad at
us for not serious she thought it was
funny
my mom's cool
Morgan says she can't watch anymore she
needs to shower okay bye Morgan
good luck showering you're gonna need it
between the curly penis tampon lesson
you should be you should teach sex ed I
should I'd be great at it
all right gonna end this is a male yes
Nick you are a male and now you know how
tampons work you should always know
everyone should know how 10 phones work
you shouldn't be afraid of them guys
shouldn't be afraid of tampons or pads
like whatever we're not afraid of your
beard trimming stuff I was trying to
think of this stuff guys use that girls
don't you and I was like it um yeah I
don't you what if you tragically I hope
this never happens to you and this is
terrible for my brain to go but what if
you had a 12 year old 13 year old
daughter and then your wife tragically
passes away and your daughter like two
weeks later is I oh my gosh I have my
first period how do I live you need to
win you need to know how that tampon
works so you can guide her not while
she's putting in but just with you just
tell her just you know or you know call
another girl everyone should know how a
tampon works that's the end of this all
right I'm on for 2 more minutes I'm
gonna go watch basketball ha all right
Nancy says she has finals tomorrow good
luck I'm just gonna ah
GSS can happen but I using tampons a lot
of things can happen by using tampons
you just don't leave them in for a
really long time you know that we don't
know what tampons are made of like
they're not required to put the
ingredients on the tampon box what am i
shove it up there I'd like to know cuz
Mike what is this
what am I putting out of what am i
putting up there we should know
my mom says my shirt makes for miss
Hawaii yeah
trilogy that's the boats we go on when
we're in Hawaii just shout out to them
they're cool okay
can you sing me the good morning song
please I just woke up Elaine you didn't
want to say you live in Singapore I
don't know I've totally maybe just made
that up
um I'm trying I've know like three good
morning songs which ones should I choose
what's the one that Oh my friend Jenna
my roommate in college she used to Oh
what is it I care not really good
morning song she used to sing me when I
was in a bad mood or I had a test that
day and I woke up she'd sing me a the
good morning song what is it got started
it's the best good morning song in the
world it's like nothing to give it we
went to a religious school I went to it
so rise shine give God glory rise shine
give God the glory rise and shine that's
the good morning song that'll wake you
up especially we won't fight for little
fool than running around screaming that
in your apartment in the morning it's
hilarious also that's a good morning
good body it's great Sam Blake good
morning good morning to you there's your
good morning song I should record that
and make it so you guys can set that as
your alarms in the morning
should I not can this be your last
answer yes Natalie it can all right so
I'm done live-streaming I talked about
the fact that I'm moving I've talked
about curly penises how tampons work
that everyone should know how a tampon
works I've sent you good-morning and two
different versions of songs that I think
are funny and that's the end I've hung
out like 30 40 minutes so thanks for
hanging out with me I
hope you guys study well or if you're
done setting congratulations enjoy
summer if you're still studying you can
do it just you're almost there you do it
if you're done with school all together
and you bet you're not in school anymore
continue to do life well it's okay not
that it's not okay I don't know
enjoy life I love you guys if you
struggling you'll get there and it'll be
so much better once it's done just study
no one's ever regretted studying I'm
just gonna say that and if if you guys
end up failing on stuff it's okay I've
gotten f1 I've gotten lots of X on tests
it's okay
look where I am now did it right I love
you guys I'll talk to you later all
right bye
