hey guys so I haven't blogged since I
was up north I am back
yesterday I apartment hunted it was
slightly a fail slightly a success I do
not have a new apartment yet I want to
move to a place where I can have an
office and a room for filming right now
I'm just like lugging around equipment
all over my apartment and also I want a
room for a table so that when I do
crafts and stuff it's easier now we're
going to go eat lunch and then I have to
go get stuff to film more videos and
that's my life right now I'm in a craft
store and I feel extremely out of place
I'm getting stuff for some videos some
like DIYs and crafts and science videos
and I just can't pick this place out
I've been in here for like a half-hour
I've got like two things because I can't
find anything every eye looks gosh-darn
same
I'm looking for a little like wax chips
I know what that is but online says that
the store has them and I mean the wax
candle aisle I can't find him I know
they're gonna be in some like weird nook
and cranny he was like humming silly
it's in the file like why wouldn't it be
with the wax of course
I found them by the wood what white my
hood I survived the craft store sir I
got it shut mouth I survived the craft
store I just the craft store bugs me
like I like I'm starting to like doing
crafts and I do a lot for videos I'm
getting better at them you know it's fun
whatever the crafts respect the crap out
of me because they don't make sense
there's like six different aisles of
beads but then they're not beads and
then like you're like wax I need to stop
for wax I need wax chips and you go into
the candle aisle and there's stuff for
some wax there's some wax products but
no what you need is on the other side of
the store next to wooden letters like
how am I suppose it doesn't make sense
it doesn't make sense I just I get angry
at it there's like 50 miles of yarn do
people still use yarn what everybody
using yarn for these days anyway that's
it
I'm gonna go to the home improvement
store is it Lowe's over here you know
Lois and I gotta get some stuff over
there I like that store I'm walking into
loaves I'm walk and then the Lowe's for
those of you don't know I love
woodworking actually took two
woodworking classes in high school and
used to help build sets for show's over
summers and whenever I have anything to
fix at my apartment I'm very excited it
was actually thinking of getting a
fixer-upper house to buy a house so that
I can fix that up and that would be
awesome
but that's a lot of work and a lot of
patience I remember I parked I got what
I needed I just needed like rust away
crap because I got that barbell and then
we took some of Matt's dad plates like
weight plates because they're expensive
and he wasn't using some of them so we
still we wouldn't steal we asked and we
took them but they are so old that's
like a little bit of rust on them so we
don't want to
them on the barbell until the rest was
gone because we didn't want to rust the
barbell anyway that's all I needed from
there I wish I needed more once I have a
house and I like build everything I'm
gonna build another house on top of my
house
sorry I forgot haha you guys thought a
little bit of Matt we're eating at CPK
and we just witnessed some lady you get
arrested there's a bunch of you can't
see it cuz all these cops just not all
these cops all these cars just got in
the way
hold on there's one cop car sure so four
cops car showed up and arrested one lady
we have no clue what happened but now
one of the cop cars today it's what
they're trying to jump it it's just
failing and it's kind of fun to watch
they genuinely just can't get started oh
they can arrest people but they can't
start a car
it's all we get to see in the mall we
came in the mall it's seven and the
whole mall is closed down meet who
closes things at 7:00 what in the world
it's 7:00 come on all right
anyway so that mall trip was a bust we
are gonna go get a new hat but now we
can't because I'm bored I'm following a
cop around in May see if he was lost or
is going so I was following him to the
crime scene it's on the upper level in
the fitting room we don't know what
happened
hopefully I can find it online later but
I'm just having fun following a copper
I've had my fun I stocked the cup I
found out nothing in the Internet I am
Rachel from the Internet I was saying
before
ashell interrupted me I stalked the cop
I'm done sucking the cops it doesn't
seem like they got the car working at
all and I can't get this to focus is it
focusing now gosh darn it this camera
okay now it's focusing as I was saying
stack the cop that had nothing but when
I left it was clear that they still had
a dead car and they couldn't figure out
how to jump it so that was nice I'm
gonna try to find on the internet doing
my perusing what happened but I doubt
I'll be able to bad boys bad boys
whatcha gonna do
for you boys all right that's it for
today's blog thanks for watching guys
I'll see you later okay bye
