America I'm an SF right now waiting for
Matt to come pick me up and I'm watching
this traffic control officer stare at
this girl in a Mini Cooper so that's my
life right now
this man's running fantastic to watch
out here
that's been pick-me-ups and I'm going to
kiss him and I'm going to end it now and
I'm going to sleep I just probably edit
the blog from yesterday so I
and a lot of work as like ten over it
okay so what's the next day I slept up
math parents house they're from this
area a little bit and now I am at Bart
which is a subway system sort of thing
and I'm going to Giants versus Jays game
with Rachel went Ling and her boyfriend
Rachel is currently peeing in toilet if
you guys have watched me or known me for
years you'll know that Rachel whittling
was slash is my best friend
we met in college and we're in septal
but then she decided to go travel the
world and so I never see each other
anymore but now we're both in NorCal so
we decided to meet up for a game that's
what's happening oh yeah oh we're out
getting food before the game and
whittling just build up what was best
come in comments she poured hummus on
her crotch area but we're being tourists
right now we got clam chowder oysters
calamari before the game
that Steve is who at Ling's boyfriend
and he's a Jays fan which is why we're
going to the game the Dodgers are better
okay he just came in here to pee and
it's disgusting it's like a public
restroom by the city not the restaurant
we're at and we want to walk through the
first all right making so much noise we
walked into the first hall and then a
massive turd in a toilet but there's no
toilet paper who don't who and not wipe
your buy like did you not know it fell
out and did you also forget to flash how
does it happen where your walk around
with like a poopy buck you're gonna be
itching the rest of the day I am going
not like anything's wrong I don't want
to touch that doorknob shot not shot not
Shawn no I like not me no no go shot
however at the game these seats were
only 16 dollars I did not get them on CD
but normally I would but these are only
16 bucks and it's lovely here it's not
gonna focus there goes look how red my
nose is I'm so cold
Kelly six showed up
what happened I don't really know what's
happening I don't care buddy a Tribble
Levitt have an edit ripple stop oh yeah
Kelly showed up and I'm just happy folks
like best friends are here you see Ted
at the beginning of the seventh inning
I'm frickin freezing there's makeup on
my camera on that roof it it's the
bottom of the ninth and Jays are it's
four to zero
Jay's game and I just want this game to
be fun and it's just not ever ending I
can't
wasn't that a beautiful bridge I love
the Bay Bridge I love bridges they're so
neat okay so the game was a lot of fun
jiae's one I got
oh my camera's lens wasn't opening all
the way that was de-stress sit though I
wasn't using the right word that was
stressful so what I was trying to say
but anyway I had so much fun seeing
Kelly and Rachel whittling they are
awesome people they're like my favorite
people in the world and I barely ever
get to see them cuz they don't live near
me but yeah I'm so I'm closing up this
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
I'll see you guys later yeah okay
you're pretty yep that's all let me bite
