it's Mother's Day it's Mother's Day it's
mom's day it's my steak you are a mother
cuz you had children that now you did it
even more love you what won't you what
do we do what I love you I love you too
can I just bug you all day with the
camera actually for Mother's Day can you
be in charge of logging where to what I
can't see you okay I'm sorry right
that's that
oh so you're vlogging today I'm here we
ha Rachel you doing the worst doing
right and here we have Rachel with these
beautiful headphones on was a lovely
denim type shirt button-down pockets
over things that should be covered this
is what you get my hat
and the most adorable astana like my
toes I love them okay after Mother's Day
I understated
so for Mother's Day yeah the cool team
it was like we did against mama
Starbucks iced tea so we did and she's
very happy this is like we didn't get
her any presents and this is her
president
I'm supposed to be alone mom so what is
your favorite thing about your mommy
that she loves me unconditionally you
got your sweet bippy what do you love
most about your mommy Stephanie also
that she loves me
moms are just but I also like that I can
insult you and you laugh at it
absolutely
because I'm picking out your boo-boos
and your flaws also like that you're
willing to get rid of your mustache for
me I also love that you travel the world
with us I love that too I also love that
you adopt all our friends for us
see in you is going yeah you gonna block
it we're going up there can you see
little gondolas and we're gonna go we're
down here
y'all follow up there
hold it here yourself is it on it's on I
don't know okay there we are at gross
gross
growl Mountain in the beautiful Bank and
they have little balls hanging in the
trees yep great artistic great something
something like that I mean you should
check one of her vlog I'm going upstairs
that had yarn balls that she made this
way got the wrong way all the different
flags I feel pretty
there's America
it's Canada we're we're in Canada worth
Canada it's at the end oh there it is in
Japan I don't know the other ones
if you wanted to learn a little bit more
about these berries and your story how
they even began get Tiffany this is our
first time ever being in snow she
stepped in it again it slipped my
suppose careful was it worth it you stop
grandma you want grandma what are you
eating sugar sugar looks delicious sugar
reminds me of that p-bars oh we used to
make P VARs Colleen I used to take a
graham cracker and either spread
frosting or peanut butter on it and then
put every sugar product we had on top of
that and say they were p-bars
and eat them what were we thinking we're
making your own candy bars when is
hungry yeah there you go
oh it's on me here we are at the top of
the mountain it's not pretty
wait how do I do this right there it's
not pretty
this is beaver tails I suggest you eat
those not-real beavers but they're yummy
deliciousness vast scenery of all ready
for it
my people do you do that editing Rachel
womp-womp that's my daddy
this is your auntie Rachel's and there's
my baby boy I'm vlogging I started my
own channel sorry your own channel no
questions a bear there's a bear there's
a bear that's a bear there's a bear
never seen a bear claw sale of beer so
much they're so cute bear is so oh yes
model Jessica thinks is too close for us
to be I'm definitely getting eaten like
right now but if I did I feel like would
be a news story that removes like yes or
the right shoes really close to that
bear looking at did you see it bear yeah
was it big is over there what did it
look like can you explain it Oh brown it
wasn't a brown bear oh look at their
boat out of the water
yeah he was butoh
through eating driving the frogs just
stopped they're like new
we can explain we just saw it's recorded
we just saw bears and they are massive
and beautiful creatures and now we're
doing some wait did I do that right hold
on
and now we're walking over here look at
this landscape people Canada is
beautiful now they're posing for a
selfie more selfies in their Mahr selfie
yes Cory here a master of selfie aside
ok trying again the ketchup blocking I
don't quite know how mothers explain to
you guys when we're on top of grouse
mountain and we're just hanging out I
did a good job explaining I'm sure you
did I'm just recapping in case I need to
predict later
did you notice it looks like a giant
seagull but it's not it's a fan what do
you think oh that no way up at the top
right by those cloud looks like a giant
legal-like doing this yeah this thing
look at my things that yes ok in real
life for pointing like here Oh
anyway so that's we're doing about I
don't quite know we're doing after this
but we're just we saw bears and that was
actually pretty cool I'm a bear fan and
they were very gorgeous uh or don't we
didn't we didn't make like any plans so
we got what are you doing today
you invented it would you invent so
tonight necklaces don't get big if they
don't get what curled up and destroyed
again that's pretty cool mom good job
more terrible daughters didn't make any
plans for Mother's Day like but yes you
see I work it's really a dollar to go on
a gondola
yeah that's true Colleen won the prize
mom a diamond gown about money at
costing a gondola the top of mountain
 the lanes a little upset about the
gondola okay there's gonna be so much to
do when we get out there and you guys so
great and the views pretty you know it's
gonna be nice
this could be worth maybe ten bucks but
no I paid oh goody dollars a person for
us to go up there and there's nothing to
do it there we saw bears we had fun but
yeah we got home but all of us were
tired Stephanie took a nap I drink like
stick sodas and now my mom's just
cleaning and my mom's did laundry but
we're gonna go out grow up grab pizza we
might shop a little bit but it's just
chill that's all okay guys we went and
had pizza and we went on a hike with
Christopher and Jessica and then we came
back my mom made cupcakes in a cone but
that was my day and I had a lot of fun
and tomorrow I'm going back to set and
that should be good but I love my mommy
I love all mommies that are good mommies
my mom's an amazing mommy if you need a
mommy to love my mommy will love you
that's it
my mother is very good at unconditional
love I love her a lot
okay I hope you guys had a great day and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
