hey guys I'm in Quinn's trailer right
now she's peeing but I'm on set I'll be
on site with her all day uh so I guess
you guys will see what you've been
normally seeing craft services an
executive producer chair and that's it
so clean and Christopher went to a
meeting and it was I didn't it was a
meeting so I didn't go and I'm going to
Starbucks by myself my mom and cousin
Stephanie get here tonight so I'll have
buddies hanging out with when Colleen
and Christopher are working but for now
I'm just heading out by myself I feel
like touring with Colleen for all those
years has prepared me to venture out
into foreign countries it's a really a
foreign country though by myself I'd be
fine so that's what I'm doing right now
I'm exploring by myself and I'm
exploring a Starbucks okay I got my
Starbucks I parked in this weird parking
structure and I have no idea if I'm
allowed to park here or not cuz Canada
you know every country has their own
signs that means stuff so mmm so I
didn't know if these signs met so I'm
gonna get out of here and go back to the
studio because I don't know if I'm on be
and I don't want to get this car towed
because it's coins rental not mine
guess who just got here Stephanie's
YouTube but she's moving a car uh and
Jessica's peeing in the bathroom now the
internet knows ah she's King like a boss
but yeah they're all here at it what
time is it is it 1:00
it's 1:00 a.m. time it's 1:00 a.m. and
they're filming on the scene so we're
gonna go watch that a little bit yeah
that's what's happening good morning
everybody
well it's afternoon we're gonna go get
lunch Stephanie in my mom research
center channel we're just talking about
how gorgeous Vancouver is and apparently
Colleen is going to show us more
gorgeous spots later so stay tuned for
that maybe gets pretty so now we're
going to add am I said it language shut
up mother
that's like spreading crap
this place is gorgeous
I die like I've done I'm done
net this is your chocolate
I don't think I've been in a more
relaxed environment ever before I think
this is ridiculous
also my mom's pointing out places that
her chickens would like alright so we're
at the Capilano Suspension Bridge and
we're all about to go across it
Christopher and his family are here with
us and so we're just about to have a lot
of fun and Cory's making me take a
picture of him in a hole okay we're
about to walk across everyone get a
buddy so you can pull them down with you
we're all safe you're out of focus I
wanted your cameras to kiss had a
happiness I'm not being romantic bro I
just want to take a nice walk across the
bridge with you
this is fun as very Wiggly I don't know
why they're allowing so many people on
this at once very busy
how'd you like the bridge oh it was
awesome
like it was a rickety yeah mother
we just found a treetop adventure I'll
go on it gosh look at this I'm gonna
mean so much oh this is gonna be the
best ever
I'm so excited yeah I'm human
Christopher's genuine the first person n
because he's so excited I just looked at
the shop now you're excited for the
treetop adventure yes
Oh
you
all right now we're going on a cliff
walk I don't know what that means but
we're doing it
so great Bailey oh my goodness and
surprise Jake mailing it like always
really all the sick and I just this this
doping makes sense in nature I don't
know why somebody bronto's because
there's nothing out here
plummeting you're actually floating on
nothing
pictures and video aren't doing this
place justice it is gorgeous here I
don't think I'm actually speechless I'll
try and find words I've never been at a
place that's so relaxing and make sure
filled like I know I'm on a man-made
bridge but everything around me is
nature and it's gorgeous character on a
Ledge thing so that's what's happening
okay
whoa that is scary
what do you think guys okay I'm 1 for
Rachel look up at Rachel's camera
this vlog is going to be like an hour
long because I can't stop filming
everything so we just had dinner we all
needed a little food and a little
caffeine picked me up and now we're outs
at South Beach sunset we are on Sunset
Beach and we're just going to peruse
around like some lovely gals that we are
Christopher's family went home to
wherever they live oh and the kids are
gonna get put down for a nap that's what
alright guys thanks for watching this
vlog I had a lot of fun I know this
whole thing which is like I'm montages
is where I was but like it was so
gorgeous so closing this out I will see
you guys tomorrow I love you bye
