hey guys so right now I am currently
driving to San Francisco and then I'm
flying out of San Francisco
up to Canada and I'm doing a road trip
out of San Francisco because if I'm
going to fly back into San Francisco and
hang out with my best friend's Kelly
sticks and Rachel Wendling for a few
days in FGF and Matthew is driving me
right now he's going to do some stuff
and NorCal I'm a Canada but yeah that's
what I'm doing
I'm driving to San Francisco to fly to
Canada it's smart right it made sense
okay just what it all made sense
okay we made it - right below the San
Francisco Airport San Mateo I think we
are and we got dinner and I don't have
to be at the airport for a half-hour so
we're just chillin in the parking lot
making sure everything's done and then
Maskull dropped me off at the airport
he's gonna go do his thing and I'm gonna
go fly to Canada I'm at the airport all
by my lonesome there are people around
me so I felt vlogging okay dropped me
off and he went away and I kissed them
and now I'm here anyway my plane starts
boarding in about a half hour
I got upgraded to first class for
Colleen has phoned me like all over the
world using United and so I have like
high status with United I try and use
them whatever I can because when I do
use them sometimes I get upgraded and I
got upgraded for free and I'm very
excited about the whole thing so my to
our fight I will be round ran in style
I'm an idiot
stare was holding ripped jeans skin was
showing
guess where I am
I'm at Colleen's apartment so it's 2:30
we just got back I went straight from
the airport to the studio place where
they were filming and I watched about
like two hours worth of them shooting
and I was ridiculously cool and I'll be
on set with them all day tomorrow I got
there I think it around midnight and
they wrapped around too so I got a very
small glimpse into their day and it
seems stressful it's been a lot of fun
I'm gonna go to sleep now bye alright
that do for this vlog thanks for
watching stars a bunch of traveling
