one of my little nuggets of love your
might not get Salaam I'm on my way to
Starbucks to get a coffee because I just
have to for my video I have to it's a
requirement not my fault
a while ago I but I bought a bunch of as
seen on tv products for a day when I
didn't have a clever video idea and
today is that day guys
and one of the products I need a hot
coffee blended go this way I need you to
go the other way I need a hot coffee cup
so I just have to go to Starbucks and
get a coffee also I'm getting raging
diarrhea every morning why is that again
you don't need to know but I just I need
to document it and this is how I
document things okay
finish my video it's posted while we
were waiting for that to upload we
decided to deed hair blaze because he
has been shedding like a mother effer I
think he's got me his mouth what do you
got no back up back up yeah
why bro why did why do you want to eat
this no nutritional value none
anyway weedy haired him can you see all
his hair that's just like 1/8 of it
he's been shedding so much we don't know
why like all of a sudden he's shedding
like crazy there's no rhyme or reason
for it hopefully I don't know I looked
it up and I could add some oils to his
food and bathe him more but then his
skin might get irritated which make him
shed for a different reason we don't we
don't know what's going on but we were
laughing at how much hair came off of
him how do you still have hair left on
your body we got rid of so much of it
can't work out and now I'm packing this
I have to leave here I don't know 5:15
a.m. tomorrow yeah
5:15 a.m. tomorrow it's 11 p.m. right
now waiting for my clothes to be done
drying it and think they take this long
but uh we have a 7 a.m. flight tomorrow
to go to Carmel California I'm working a
couple shows for Colleen and March
when she has like little one-off shows
she doesn't have a like a tour manager
with her so I step in just to do like
weird random things as Corey needs an
extra pair of hands so when she does
like huge tours she doesn't need me but
when it's just like little one-off shows
needs a human being and Christopher
Christopher Robin can't always do it so
I step in anyway so I'll pack it up
right now and I need to go to bed in
like 20 minutes so I get some sleep
because I've always up at 4:45 a.m. ah
we are in Carmel I was supposed to be at
Colleen's at 5:30 a.m. I had this
terrible habit of sleeping through my
alarm and just hitting the snooze in my
sleep and I don't know I do it that
happened to me this morning so I
supposed to be at Colleen's at 5:30 I am
I finally woke up at 5:30 a.m. I texted
Corey I was like ah she's like just meet
us at the airport cuz usually go to
cleans and then we share a car for the
airport so luckily I had prepared and
packed everything and was ready I just
didn't get to shower so I throw
everything on and I made it to the
airport right on time but it was a
stressful morning they
we got here early enough more than that
I would had time to shower and get ready
for life and now I think we're going to
in and out where I'm going to get some
french fries for lunch and then it's
show time
I've learned that today could you tell
when Frankie grande doesn't show up to a
show I have to fill in clean that's
right that's it's hard to take off I
know I immediately have to go put
chapstick on that's on my hand screw
that lipstick man all right show what
he's over it was a great show was a very
laid-back no issues setting up the show
and show itself was really nice I was
just a stress-free day super chill
usually there's always a hiccup up some
sorta day like anything that could have
potentially been a hiccup
everyone's like not even a hiccup guys
and just done immediately it was great
well Cory's cleaning up the stage I'm
trying to clean up backstage I gather
all the presents stomach got coin this
I'm going to steal it I'm sorry if that
offends you the person that got her this
I might share it with her but it's like
my favorite thing in the world all right
cleaning up I really need to figure out
what's wrong with my back I'm talking to
clean and sitting in a chair and all of
a sudden I kind of like straighten up a
bit and it just got a shooting pain off
my back and I just had to lay on the
floor it's still talking I didn't stop
talking but I was also in immense amount
of pain it's like you could it's like
yeah I'm fine
just dying it's nothing crazy happy
today we would save stories call my
insane stories I'm so tired
I'm gonna go bed back good morning I
fell asleep so early like midnight and
just naturally woke up at like 8:20 this
morning it was fantastic usually I'm
woken up multiple times in the whole
night but my dog being like oh why
aren't you peddling me mom mom active
website mom so it's always lovely when I
get one just full solid night's sleep
guess where we are at 10:45 a.m.
Ghirardelli
they got a smoothie of its Williams over
ice cream ice cream sundae hey I'm into
it that's what they got I got coffee
because it's 10:45 a.m. balanced
nutritional breakfast make sure to get
it in your greens okay so we found whose
pecan Cory we've got a laser maze thing
that we're doing at Clayton Court oh
just failing this is what happens when
you put them in a room together
