Oh
oh my god I'm live oh my god hi I'm
gonna look like a mess I shall look like
ten year old me hey sometimes you just
need to take it back and sometimes your
hair just looks like this so you have to
throw a hat on before you go live in
front of a bunch of people and then
eventually just show them your hair
anyway because that's just what you do I
can't make this bigger it's too small
for my head I have a big head big bigger
be bigger
come on Nerdist too big now now it's too
big and I look like a turtle this is a
struggle this is a struggle if you
thought I was gonna entertain you you
were very wrong I see this side sex this
is just a live stream too big of me up
try to get a hat to fit my head so you
know what I say only talent on my
channel that's it there we go I still
look stupid but it's the type of stupid
I wanted to look how's everybody doing I
know under in Hawaii I didn't check my
background make sure something in my
background
good put everything away hi I'm back
from Hawaii it is Saturday so I'm doing
a Saturdays at Rachel's I can barely see
out of my glasses blaze is still at boot
camp and get him back Thursday so you do
not have a dog distracting me running
around like a maniac during this live
stream I don't know if you liked that or
not but you don't get it today also I
have two zits on my chin out three
sunscreen does not agree with me I just
snap that I'm doing this don't worry
I'll talk to you guys in a second I want
to chitchat oh look it's me I'm
live-streaming you should come on my
vlog Channel I don't know I'm talking
like some really hyper and tired all the
same time come hang out okay now I have
to go over Twitter it's still the link
real quick
dust all over my phone don't ask where
it's been that's not what I want it
that's not what I want that's what I
wanted that's why I wanted why is it
being a tick there we are
it makes it really hard to copy things
copy it it just keeps popping it up in
this thing stop it
I made the new phone copy this link copy
it copy why I wanna let me Ricky for
anything I hate new phones so much let's
see is that just pressing it white
why can't I copy and paste anymore paste
paste Sammy I'm trying to copy paste you
can't text me right now you know what I
can't figure out the link go to my
Twitter they're done seriously I can't I
hate the Apple oh I hate the phone all
the time
copy and paste anything anymore
used to be so simple I feel like an old
person or maybe I am a little person
that's why I can't figure it out anyway
let's chitchat I have my kombucha I have
my almond milk ice cream I am ready to
party mmm how are you doing I'm good I'm
good
I got back from Hawaii late last night
so I'm a little tired
and but I'm well relaxed because I was
in Hawaii for an entire week and this
has been sitting in my fridge for a week
in two days not my fridge my freezer
don't put ice for me the fridge it won't
be good and I've been dying to eat it I
bought it being like I'm gonna eat this
bread for a little while and then I
didn't and so all in Hawaii I was like
mm-hmm it's good what's the hashtag I
don't want to use a hashtag we have to
use a hashtag can we just not and just
like relax and you guys don't have to
type it out this isn't it annoying to
have to type it out a bunch I'm seeing
people complain about it I don't care if
I get trending or not I said I shouldn't
care if I go Elaine has to go to lunch
Elaine lives in Singapore right have fun
Rachel's 5s burger meat quality content
quality content you know it faith you
know I was singing in my head the whole
time how was Hawaii Hawaii was just just
so relaxing it's my first time usually
Who I am
obviously relax but I'm like I can do
every activity
I know Jeske I'm gonna go sleep buddy I
know I know hair silly I need to go
build sandcastle kept me in Hawaii at
all times it's insane but this time I
was actually like oh I think I'll just
lake here and just look at the
beautifulness maybe take a dip but
mainly I was working on my computer the
whole time but I was enjoying it like I
just chilled and it was the first time I
wasn't well knowing like people good I'm
gonna go down to the beach okay have fun
down there you have fun down at that
beach I'm gonna stay right here and be
perfectly content so it was a it was a
shock to me to realize that I've grown
up a little bit but I had some I just I
was relaxed and I loved it rattle it's
midnight Rachel it's the nut Saturday
anymore well it's actually 937 so I'm
going to an ATM okay you get that money
girl
I say that till 5:00 a.m. for this
Charlotte there's no way he thought I
was live-streaming this late and
probably that's me I do that oh I need
to update my calendar it's on the wrong
month guys
I'm nowhere near ready for Christmas I
look at Matt today and it's like oh I
need to do things so yeah we're running
out of time so I have to do like all my
shopping this weekend or this week
online I don't want to go to a ball I
ain't doing that but I need to figure
I'm gonna get in your own I haven't even
sent anyone my list I should probably
not talking food in my mouth but it's
too good not to eat I asked for your
merch for Christmas ahh Abbi I'm gonna
post all members on Instagram tomorrow
so I rather haven't done that I got the
Hat I should wearing my hat
what Matt said he put it o is in my
bedroom I'll look I'll wear that later
mm-hmm I'm sitting on a chair good job
Molly me too how is Colleen show what's
the hashtag I'm not using a hashtag this
time and also clean shows were great it
was the first time I had seen that
version of the show and I thought it was
hilarious I loved it Oh
max turn on the TV it was superclub the
first show she did Angela was in it and
they basically improv an entire scene
and they thought it was hilarious
in the second show she wasn't in it and
so I got to see a whole new part of the
show because she had to do something
different Angela wasn't there I thought
it was great I thought it was lovely we
have shows coming up Santa Cruz twin
Jose Santa Cruz Santa Simon San to play
next week what am i going Friday and
then Santa Barbara and Bakersfield
that's what we have planned
I was like I need you to do the show on
Friday I was like I get my dog back
Thursday
I'm not flying Thursday she's like I
don't want you to either so should
change the flight to Friday because
place is coming home Thursdays so
everyone's flights cut shapes because of
my dog oh wait there's some sucky
something stuck in my eye for over a day
now and it's so painful help me go to a
doctor or it could be a sty can you see
it
you can't see it look on the tip of your
eyelid and if there's like a little
white bump
it's a sty he put a warm wash rag on
your eye and he'll eventually go away
but if you can't see it you can't get it
out go to a doctor and they'll get it
out for you because this missed us
you don't want stuff stuck in your eye I
don't know bumper anybody how long do
you live streaming for as long as I want
I don't have an end game to it I do have
to go to up my vlog tomorrow we'll be up
late I have to go to a brand deals okay
probably not supposed to even talk about
it I don't even know but I got a brand
deal yesterday I said no I said yes to
it this morning and I'm going to do it
tomorrow
it's her scary movie I listen everybody
I don't I do I mean I love it I mean I
love good but just question this
assignment why do I always get picked
for scary movie things like I'm gonna
brand-new for months and months and
months and months and months it's just
on my instant Twitter and Facebook it's
not a video um it's just other social
medias but for anyone who cares
sometimes people get really mad when
people do Brando's listen I need a
little bit of money so I'm doing a brand
deal but it's a scary movie I don't know
why I always get picked into the scary
movie stuff there's like my third time
doing it
I just I don't do I gave that vibe I
don't know cuz they go to people based
on their brand huh
I'm happy to do it no maybe I'll like it
they would open my eyes to the world of
scary movies No
I'm doing that all day tomorrow don't
play I can pluck some it is actually but
what they're doing is actually pretty
cool like what I'm doing and seeing on
my Instagram it's actually pretty cool
I'm not they do I can't explain what of
this you'll see it it's I'm actually
I've always wanted this type of thing
I've always wanted to do this type of
thing so I am getting to do it or just
promoting something else you'll see just
calm down
scary movies are good though I'm glad
you think that I have never been a huge
fan I have I did watch what is it called
what is the TV series American Horror
Story sounded TV I watched the first
season of that and I got addicted to it
but it was so scary that I was like I
can't put my heart through a second
season so I stopped watching it but I
couldn't handle it because it was just
so scary my heart just can't just died
out I'll die I'll die of a heart attack
because you have good reactions for
scary things yeah they're genuine I'm
genuinely scared how are you guys in the
fires is there smoky you smell where you
when you outside are you alright I'm
good I'm right in the spot where I'm
safe the Beverly Hills fire the Skirball
fire there's me partner there there's
five near me and then there's two or one
or two one or two in San Diego this is
huge one and Thousand Oaks
I started in Thousand Oaks and now it's
basically almost to Santa Barbara which
is a huge stretch of land I mean you
guys don't know where this is but
basically started like an hour outside
of an hour yeah an hour outside of her
my parents live and it's basically
almost to their area so they're almost
an hour outside of Santa Barbara and
it's almost the Santa Barbara now
and it's just crazy Santa Barbara is
just filled with smoke and no one can
breathe their la that was the first fire
and then it started to fire north of LA
and I I'm south of that one and then it
started the rise fire north of that and
then the Skirball fire south and the
Skirball fire is the massive one and
it's not massive it's actually one of
the smallest ones but it was in it was
the closest to me and in Beverly Hills
and it that just stress me out but that
was the most contained so once it hits
houses apparently it's easier to get out
I don't know it's when it's a dry fire
brush death Kindle wildlife that's what
I gonna say wildlife but it's in a
wildlife it spreads like crazy but it
slows down once it gets to people's
houses with pools and stuff I think
anyway where I am I'm I don't smell that
much smoke at all and there's not a huge
amount of ash around me but I know if I
just drove 20 minutes in either
direction I would get it I could smell
it from all the different fires it's
everywhere guys Oh get that coin what
coin are you talking about can you
please do a Kahoot what's a Kahoot and I
am I just whatever I don't know what
that is no one ever comes to Bakersfield
so I'm sorry in advance for the area
that you're going to but also excited
that you're coming hello I've been a
baby's room before I was actually in a
wedding in Bakersfield when I was in
college I my friends got married and she
had her wedding in the forest in
Northern California and then the wedding
reception the next or two days later and
Bakersfield because her family's from
Bakersfield I'm gonna dig this house
clean before they before now a different
different wedding so I've been there
before I don't mean to offend anyone but
I have heard the saying that it is the
armpit of America
sorry I I said in a cool hotel when I
was there I enjoyed my time there but I
have heard there's not much around so I
am prepared I'll have fun I'm just there
for the show that's all everyone keeps
asking for Kahoot what guys what's a
cocoon any please tell me what a Kahoot
is so I just don't feel out of it I feel
like people are gonna laugh at me so I
don't want to do this everyone saying it
they're understanding me
see this is why I don't admit things
because you all understand me when I
finally admit things sorry sorry for
asking the question what is it you're
all just understanding me and mad at me
it's a quiz game okay I like quizzes
give me some homework what happened to
the two snowmen that used to be behind
you there on the ground I don't know why
Matt put them there the one that did
that so they're chilling on the ground
like snowmen that's all who is a game a
quiz game okay it's a game where you
answer multiple choice choice questions
online should I be doing it right now
during a livestream or do obvious to do
it on my free time or do you want me to
make a video of me doing it what is what
are you wanting here cuz everyone's
saying it's a lot of fun okay am i doing
it now or am i doing it for a video
am I just doing it for funsies you need
to tell me what you what I'm here to
please you explain the fidgets spinners
view are you so mad at a fidget spinner
why are you so angry that they exist why
do I need to explain their existence I
own to fidget spinners they were put
there that's the end of the story okay
Kahoot you make them yourselves do them
you make them yourselves I make my own I
don't wanna make it freakin is it Kabuto
just mushroom juice I'm confused I don't
know what it is it's fermented things
complete just like from into goodness
thank God on the bottom that's fermented
things what is it I don't know
they're very big in LA right now
kombucha is a firm into T that is
naturally occurring alcohol Brooke do
not consume if you are avoiding alcohol
through pregnancy allergies
sensitivities or religious beliefs is
black tea green tea Kiwi juice raspberry
juice lemon juice fresh fresh ginger
juice and 100% pure love so no mushrooms
sorry
it's fermented tea that's all it is now
if I drink like a hundred of those I
will be slightly tipsy
no thank you you have to set up your own
quiz with a code and then we all put in
a code and then we can play so I'm
making a quiz that you guys play is that
what you want me to do is to make a quiz
and then give you guys a code and you
play it and we've got what's happening
here YouTube three one 2017
how's that doing I didn't watch it
here's what lines everyone mad about it
I was like oh cool yeah I didn't watch
it I heard it was bad we can't do it
right now
they'll set up okay so I'm not doing the
quiz thing right now good am i doing it
on my free time and then tweeting it to
you guys is this what you want you want
me to make a quiz for you guys that was
happening you always really want me to
be your teacher don't watch the rewind
is horrible
it sucks don't waste design see ever
very matter the rewind I don't even know
why you're all so mad at us
mmm was it bad cuz I wasn't in it
alright no mouse one saying you don't
have to make your own quiz how do I play
this game sounds like homework I just
don't get it what didn't you get okay
they're also not getting this Kahoot
thing guys I'll look up a look into it
tonight
please come to a big car in Australia
2018 how do you day in vite me I'll go
but no one ever invites me places except
to scary movies has been vegan it's cool
I have some ice cream
it's vegan and it tastes delicious
okay so I can play someone else's Kahoot
quiz games you guys keep saying it's a
game it's a quiz which makes it not a
game but okay okay now people are
getting mad at hoot saying not to do it
cuz it's stupid I can't please all of
you can i everyone's going to be mad at
something can I see the picture and the
frame behind your just want to know what
it is this one it's really hard to point
opposite to picture my cousins from my
grandpa's yeah I use the picture of my
cousins yeah after my grandpa's funeral
that's some of them no no there's a lot
of us a lot of cousins make a video
reaction to the rewind listen the few
youtube rewinds I have watch cool offers
I never know all of the people I know
like 10% of the people I never get any
of the references and I'm just confused
and it's so fast the whole time I'm
trying to make connections that I forget
what I'm watching so many of me reacting
to it is just gonna be a lie
who's that what's that I don't get it
who's what that was your reaction just
there just put that on replay
I got your mercy march well that's cool
which wanted to get hmm tell you a story
I have my stories my dad I think this is
funny no one else I'm gonna think it's
funny my dad you are we like
you probably don't know I don't know if
you know he broke his ring finger
playing tag
he fell down broken he had to get a two
pens placed in his finger and he has me
but rats in order to go do activities
except me goes in the water when he goes
in the water he tastes it off because
obviously the Banshee gets all gross if
you keep it wrapped or whatever so in
Hawaii he would take it off - like
leisurely playing the pool or whatever
but then when he had to go out and do
something you had to put the wrap on and
my mom would yell at him if he didn't
put the wrap on because if he hit it or
whatever he'd have to like get whole
thing fixed again and go through surgery
again so it's important he keeps his
wrap on unless he's in the water my back
my dad being the giant child he is who
would unwrap it to go swimming and then
he wouldn't want to put the rat back on
and he would try and hide it basically
for my mother shall I go home my finger
it's all okay because he didn't want to
sit down to put it back on because he
wasn't constantly doing things I mean my
mom would notice that she yelling at me
like we're about to leave and go like
climbing grab my knee or something put
your bandage on your fingers you do it
on time and they'll start leaving and
she'd be other said you're not allowed
to go and did you wrap your fingers so
fine and so he's running over to her
while we're all leaving it'd be
stressing out and we're all leaving
without him
that he accidentally wrapped the wrong
finger he wrapped the middle finger and
this didn't happen just once it happened
to watch flustered trying to go play and
he didn't put his wrap on that stuff
that he'd to do in a hurry and he
wrapped the wrong finger and he didn't
notice it you didn't notice it for hours
because this ring finger is swollen it's
black and blue you couldn't see the
truth in spooky bell ringers totally
fine that man it's surviving I love him
best person to go to Hawaii with is my
father you can hear my smacking can you
really hear my smacking cuz I'm not
smacking can you hear the food in my
mouth that's different
I'll stop eating but slugging anyone I
put my lid on right now cuz I guys I
love Trisha
I love Trish but I can't watch any of
her videos because he's always eating in
them and she smacks a lot was talking at
large like in your videos from this even
my last one but I can't watch anything
because I can't sit through a video of
smacking so I love her videos I love her
content of everything she does but I can
barely watch any videos it makes me so
sick do you have misophonia misophonia
yes I do
can I have some ice cream
sure tim is a legend right who eats ice
cream in the winter I live in Southern
California it's 67 outside and it was a
high of 80 today so I eat ice cream in
the winter also I don't care how cold it
is outside I'll eat ice cream anyway
also I'll always get my drinks iced over
hot any day at Starbucks any day I miss
my dog
what's play is getting for Christmas I
don't know
it's his first Christmas so I have to
spoil him I bought him a beanie and
booties I do not like this forward
I bought of a beanie in booties and
that's the report for before Christmas
like once it starts getting cold don't
know when that's gonna happen but if I
start putting in beanies in a moody boo
these I'm gonna putting me winter
clothes I want to get him a coat but we
have to go to the snow for put of a coat
because if I put it like so put them in
a coat my brain just doesn't work just
so many times it just doesn't work why
this is do you ever just have this issue
you're like what do you do with the hair
that comes through this hole what do you
do with it
that I think you do that with it wasn't
what I get plays I don't even know what
I'm gonna get up cuz what can I do
people give their dog treats and a feast
or a new cupcake whatever but when you
feed my dog new food he died or Rita's
everywhere so I don't want to give him a
stomachache for Christmas that's not
very nice of me that's terrible dog
moves aside to give toys cuz clothes are
for before Christmas and you doesn't
care about his clothes I care about his
clothes that's not a Christmas present
for him sorry and some toys go pet smart
Petco one of those places I think you
just created a new hat trend I did you
are a mess yes what's inside the box on
your bed that thing I'm a futon it's a
box of mail Mac put all my mail there
while I was gone this week and let me
tell you there's a lot of it you are you
having problems with English today yes
the past two days I haven't been able to
get words out I don't know why
out there I know all the words I know
what I'm thinking I just can't get them
out it's like I'm having many strokes
all over the place we love using the
English language just have you heard
about the Christmas tree Frappuccino at
Starbucks I have not but they like to
come out with a bunch of new trends so
people buy it and it never really tastes
good but it makes a good Instagram so
they're doing it right does blaze go
insane when it's Norma stormy out mine
does it's never been storming out for
blaze so he has yet to experience any
sort of winter I think it sprinkled once
for him but he doesn't he doesn't know
anything that is I think he'll be fine
with the rain because he loves water he
loves trying to eat it and play in it so
I think it could be good with it I don't
know if I'm going to take him to the
snow this year because we're gonna start
snowboarding in January but we're hoping
that's when snow starts falling around
us sorry I'm trying to eat my food
without making any noises but I don't
know if I'm gonna take him on any
snowboarding trips because while we're
snow we're gonna let's do with them so I
might give people to watch down here for
the day or two my pinky is none well
that's the thing where's the Kahoot I
was told it takes a while to set up so I
wasn't doing it right now
goodness gracious you pay attention I
got the grace
zaps water it's so freakin comfy I love
it oh my god
just shave your head and you will have
no problems false I will be colder in
the winter because cheap heads do not
have hair from them as you probably know
and the hair gives you or there's
something a lot of times when I've been
really cold out I just wrap my hair
around my neck nice and toasty I didn't
get a notification for this FML I feel
like Emma you commented earlier I guess
that's someone with a similar picture
but no one likes to notify anyone of
anything I do anymore so that's okay
mail opening video you want me to open
my spam and bills on the computer on the
computer livestream why I think I'm
getting stupider which is just sad cuz
I'm not doing anything to lose brain
cells
I'm only doing things that gain brain
cells how am I losing my that's cute if
you know you use it you lose it the area
I guess I've never really used my brain
so I'm losing it in our dog state my dog
is already dating two other dogs - one
that he's really a teenies dog TV has a
dog about his size and he just that's
the only one he humps and so that's I'm
just declaring that one his love are you
excited for straight-4 things three
isn't that not coming out from here I
try not to get excited for things until
they exist and I can actually do this
oh I just got so tired I had so much
energy when I turned this on and then
all of a sudden my body just crashed
do you remember people on Twitter by
their names picture or at names I never
remember them by their app names that is
not really something I look at just
cause it's a lighter color and it's
smaller I usually do the picture then I
usually go by the picture and then uh
then by the name and then I barely ever
look at the app I used to look at the
ass used to be way more prominent like
way back in the day they used to be like
that was your name was your at name but
it's the Twitter's made it like less and
less you know I put a thing in II they
faded it away so I go by the picture and
then the name and I should really never
look at the I they are you getting jet
lag no because Hawaii is two hours
behind la so it's only 8:00 p.m. in
Hawaii so uh I should be fine I was
going to bed it like eight there were
nights I definitely gotten better eight
looks just like night and the world I'm
done are you not saying names because
you can't pronounce them yes and no also
I just forget sometimes that's all
please open mail I'm not opening my
bills on camera that's weird that's so
weird
so let's make it Kahoot for me right now
is it for me to pull it to twist because
I thought I was supposed to make it am I
supposed to be answering codes I love
this was like it's midnight and this
person is like sweetie now where she
lives
thank you thank you I hate I don't know
why I hate it so much but I'll be like
morning gonna be like 9:00 a.m. here
good morning like just genuinely angry
like Rachel what are you talking about
how dare you how dare I
so many people like the how dare me like
how dare I happened just finished back
out there I miss my dog live streams are
easily burn tactic because he's running
around here in this in the zone then
running back and forth whining
whimpering jumping on me Thursday could
not come fast enough
take blaze to get Santa photos I want to
every day I get a picture of a couple
videos doggie training they work as he
knows commands he knows that like sit
stay leave it lay down come just just
everybody knows them all but he just he
has really bad impulse control so or if
you just use like you would have a treat
I don't want to do anything for you you
don't have a treat don't lie to me
because I'll be like hey say and then
he'll sit and be like wait no I got a
six like I know you don't have anything
to give me so how you sent him off to
boot camp Azam Hawaii
um anyway they send me videos everyday
and his impulse controls getting better
that's what they said they're working on
his impulse control because they've got
him in the first one like oh he knows
everything I was like yeah he's just a
little dick he decides when he's gonna
listen or not so every day I get a video
of him staying on a spot longer you know
actually paying attention to them and so
I feel like I could take him maybe to go
see Santa because that's my dream but if
I get a Santa that doesn't like dogs
also where can I take my dog and it
allows like we're coming where's the
Santa that allows dogs sort of saying I
know didn't my marbles take your dogs -
I haven't seen it but I think she took
the him then to see Santa but taking a
little tiny dogs a lot you didn't taking
a massive dog but I think it would be
cute I think my dad has a Santa suit I
might just make my dad dress up as Santa
that's all I could do that that's fun
how many times you're gonna take off
that hat and put it on again if you
don't like it you're like oh watch it I
have as a toy to me this is this is I
like to do things with my hands
that's the fish' spinners they're
actually for people that need to be
doing things by the way but I have to be
doing something this my hands I have
that can't be doing just one thing at a
time so my hat is something I can grab
and fill it with and just if it's not my
hat will be my glasses or something I
grab you just it's not for my head it's
for my hands this is just a part of your
life strings I know what
it sucks enough yeah I'll be here wait
Saturday why don't you show Saturday I
come home on Saturday we'll do a live
stream with place next Saturday
you watch soap Iraq Kahoot
I don't what do what we do here your
feet on desk is gonna be anxiety because
I'm afraid you're gonna not go real am
I'm actually about a good foot from the
lamp so I'm not gonna do talking about
my feet you can see my feet right here
I'm pretty far from the labs like I'm
still not touched of it I'm good
don't worry about it if my feet will
only fall off the desk I do that often
do you ever just like just chilling
those I'm like no me on the daily
also that's I just took the whole desk
I'm sorry what's your favorite color I
don't have one I guess that green or
purple but it like really depends I want
feeling and what it's for I like a
greener purple I don't know
I like colors that's what it is people
just say it's mean I get angry because I
was really passionate about colors and
now I'm like yeah I definitely does
depend what it is a wall color I don't I
don't know like a four screen as a wall
color even though for screen is a
beautiful grade to me but it's different
I don't want a forest green car I don't
want it I don't want I don't want my
snot to be forest green or a dark purple
I wouldn't want that as a wall color
either it's the dark don't want it also
about my car would stand out too much
and people would look at me and I don't
want them to look at me so it's you know
it depends what it's for it really does
a dark colored Instagram theme one or
gather
after yup in six and a half hours for a
bowling tournament your life stream is
stacked me from sleep a bowling
tournament I've never met someone that
went on a bowling tournament that's fun
are you good do you throw the bull like
the bolt the ball like a professional
like breeze like spin it or do you just
chuck it down with a flame like the rest
of us I've never I've never been able to
do that I love them people you don't
know how to do that try and do it
because it you don't make it look easy
with the whole spinning and the things
and it goes back into pens normal people
try and do it it doesn't work out so
well it's really funny to watch I
personally love the bumpers but I try
without them sometimes winky feet sees
you I have socks on Wiki feet doesn't
look like my feet on the website if I
have socks on right it's just want my
baby to bear because that's to be a sock
fetish not a feet fetish witness oh so
if you were to offer to forest green
Tesla you would say no okay hey Bob I
will punch you in the face though I
won't you know I love you that is not
welcome here
this stream just took a turn what are we
talking about what what turn did we
decide I have an inside softball
tournament next weekend how do you
softball inside that has to be a huge
bowl I guess stadiums that are enclosed
that nope Scott nothing I got nothing
for you
that's just very specific things isn't
the ball bounce off the walls how do you
do it I guess if it's like snows where
you are
what are you thoughts on science I don't
understand it but I think it's really
cool that's my thoughts on science
I want a forest green Tesla with people
the forest green Tesla
wait Rachel isn't that what the fidgets
bears are or you have been just there
it's like two feet away from you but you
choose to play with your hat
okay Rachel Rachel I can't even
pronounce my own name that's how just
terrible my brain is why something so
spicy to me today I don't really
appreciate it I'm sweet super sassy I
don't want to end this on a bad note but
I'm just kind of like not for it
you don't know why I'm not playing with
this interest there cuz I don't want to
get off my back jeez it's what's your
favorite type of car I don't I don't
know I don't like saying favorites
because when you say a favorite it's
like definite and people are like okay
that's it and then they brand that to
you and then it's like sometimes you
change your body that you're in a
different mood like I have a little tiny
Mazda and I had a huge for truck and
drives them on different days depending
on what I'm doing that day what I'm
feeling sometimes I just want to do
things quick fast so take the masses
sometimes I want to just beat Big B on a
truck it's there's different days
different feelings have you listened
Taylor Swift's new album actually have
it is that bad at me
we're not sassy we're just tired Sabina
you tap your sassy aren't you an
Australian you don't you awake
okay no we all make jokes about leafy
but have you ever thought about the fact
that someone's obsessed with your feet
and has a food web site documenting them
I don't want to think about that fact
and that's why I always just joke about
it cuz I actually thought about it and
was serious about it it would freak me
out and grossed me out
because that's weird I mean it's it's I
guess you're objectifying my body but
who's to say that boobs are better than
the feet I would a woman s the thing is
I wouldn't be offended if someone made
an entire website dedicated to my tits
so therefore I should be offended by the
wiki feet because it is objectifying a
single part of my body or just my body
in general but I don't know I just a
foot fetish why do we classify foot that
it's just gross someone is finding a
part of the body and like thinking it's
great and beautiful and they love it
thank you for loving but don't make the
website of just my feet I didn't give
you permission do that I love a whole
script what I'm saying is I think why
are we so grossed out by people liking
feet but also I don't like the fact that
I am entire website page dedicated to my
feet because that is weird and I did not
okay that and I feel weird by it so
that's that Rachel it's gross why is it
gross why is it gross I don't like I'm
not I don't have a foot fetish that's
fine but I'm saying why is it girls too
light feet it someone had a hand fetish
would you find that disgusting is it
because do you think beer gross butts
are gross guys butts are nasty you put
out of those poop comes out of your anus
and people love bus
that's gross why are we thinking that
feature gross I'm just I'm I'm just
opening this up for discussion
sadness box I'm saying that's just
whatever I think thank you for
justifying being some kind the people
with foot fetish
I just I I don't like that someone has a
website about my feet because it's
objectifying me but I think it's weird
that we find people disgusting for
liking feet that's all this YouTube
still attack your blog Channel yeah the
blogger posted yesterday is currently
demonetized because it was unsuitable
for advertisers every the day after I
post it's like we're not getting you
channel it's a singular each video like
it has nothing to do with who you are
what your channel is it's completely
random and I'm like no because my main
channel has never been targeted ever and
it's the exact same as my quad channel I
don't I don't know I don't know why
they're doing it I truly don't
but every time I object it and like
within 10 hours it gets rewrite it and
it's fine but it's ten hours where I
don't know you guys don't think when I
talk about money but it's ten hours when
I'm not making money and this is my job
so while I'm doing my job correctly and
I get like deemed for it but acts
unrightfully dinged for it that's that's
not cool for me I barely make any money
on my vlog channel though I have
channels for funding cuz I know you guys
the few that do like you love it so but
I just think it's ridiculous that they
just keep doing it I'm like listen you
think after the 50th time but being like
hey this is fine and they were like yes
you're right that's fine and then stop
telling me it's not right in the
beginning I think YouTube is trying to
kill smaller channels because it happens
to Jessica my sister-in-law she has it
they have their family has their
Ballinger Family Channel and then
jessica has her own smaller channel she
rarely posts on she's trying to post
more she's learning how to edit and
stuff and she's doing great
but those videos getting monetized as
well but not their their main channel
ones and so she's like how how look
Jessica this person ever so they keep
YouTube
it's not it's not the person it says
nothing - it's just the system and like
the tags and what's in the title in the
description but again hers is all the
same stuff as their main channel one so
I don't know I think YouTube is trying
to like to destroy and keep down smaller
youtubers so it's like those channels of
ours are smaller than our main ones I
really don't understand what it is
whatever YouTube is a mess
always I'm trying to branch out I'm
gonna start some new stuff next year but
I mean I'll still be online of stuff I'm
not stopping I'm not stopping I'm
expanding not stopping expanding sorry I
shouldn't want to break anyone else
you're drawing me right now
all right have fun with that Molly
YouTube literally do monetize is
everything it's horrible
yeah they said okay I understood I'm not
talking about youtubers I'm sorry guys
um when was it Washington Post what are
the Washington evilness said they came
out of the thing saying that there were
ads running on terrible just horrible
videos on YouTube they found two or
three examples of like Nazi murdered
things happening and their ads right in
front of that you know like YouTube
doesn't have a handle and they're making
their sponsors promote these things
whatever Washington Post just irrelevant
but um it hated you to hate YouTube then
a youtubers they hate it so when they
came out with that a bunch of sponsors
and advertisers pulled away from YouTube
they're like we can't have our stuff
running on that rightfully so and so
YouTube is trying to clean YouTube up so
they can run ads and so that doesn't
ever happen again but the system they
put in place that they say is for the
better is it doing anything no you just
have to it has to learn so you have to
write the wrong you tell it it's wrong
it's just the more you do it the less
it'll happen to you and like that's
false because it keeps happening and
when I hung out was Lily she said the
same thing she said happens to her
Channel all time which just goes against
my small channel theory she heard both
her channels are huge so I just I don't
I don't know what's what their thing is
cuz like I think they were trying to
help it but there also could be using
this excuse to sneakily do other things
but I know why it they're saying it was
put in place that makes sense because
you have to make sure you're not playing
your ass over a terrible terrible thing
that no one wants to sponsor but I think
they're using it to do other sneaky mean
things to youtubers I talked trash about
you too I mean it is my platform and my
life but they don't like me or my family
I don't think so whatever I'm going to
bathroom don't be too exciting while I'm
gone what am I ever been too excited
touring allies to route you couldn't go
to the bathroom I don't talk about
anything or do anything let me sit on
chair and try and speak English and
pretty much fail at that you should do a
DM spree tonight I I want to it's night
but I will do as soon as I can realize
like the other night I barely D in
people anymore I used to be in people
all the time and I haven't done it in so
long so I will do that at some time this
week but just not tonight or tomorrow me
because I have things to do during
things but I'm sure I'll do it soon
because I'll be bored nights because I
don't have my dogs literally my nights
just consisted of me so cuddling my dog
that's all I would do I'm going to be
the only girl in my
great next year could you ever survive
like that in a public / private school
you're gonna be the only how many people
are in your grade if there's like four
of you and that's I mean that's just a
small and I put in about I went to a
private school for seventh grade and I
was one of nine people in my class so
there were eight other people and it was
it was fairly evenly between boys and
girls but there are only nine people and
it was driving me insane so I was like
well I don't like these eight people
what am I supposed to do so I was like
I'm getting a great education I'm
getting a lot of time spent on me and
I'm learning a lot where I learned to
read but get me out of here I need new
faces so I did not survive well but it
was what I needed for that year of my
life why do have to wait till Thursday
to get blazed he went to a two-week boot
camp and I sent him away well he got
picked up on Thursday and he's gonna
drop back off on a Thursday so it's two
weeks because the first week is just
them training him in house and then the
second week is been going taking him out
and hitting distractions me around them
and heaven try and keep his focus on his
person which would be me but right now
it's his trainer it's an intense it's I
mean he's getting lots of love he gets
to sleep where he wants and cuddles and
play and there's other dogs he loves
dogs so he's having a lot of fun no 70
videos of him playing and stuff like
okay good
they just kept sending training videos I
was like hey yes I'm being like happy
like him playing and stuff so he is
having fun and they're they always some
he's a good dog they could just be
saying that because I'm paying them but
he doesn't seem to be having any trouble
and I mean we'll see when he gets back
but I trust him he came this guy came
highly recommended so I'm okay with it
we only do have any more on Tuesdays and
Thursdays yeah that's all right buzz I'm
sorry I go I'll do it more often
um I just I stopped sometimes you just
forget things in life I'll do that
I just get the reason cuz I get people
be like dance now it's important PS go
do your dance
so I go to my DM sings know you can I
tweet me 20,000 times saying it's
important you have it DME now go to your
dance dams iam Sansa then it's like hey
what's your favorite color it's not so
people have made DMC not important so I
like I clicked on your page I went to
the messaging thing cuz I thought you're
like dying you're dying you sweating out
my favorite color was that day what the
weather was like in California I love
you guys but traumatic I feel lied to
when it happens that's what it is I feel
like lied to I'm so confused why you
follow me I don't know why do you want
me to follow you sometime a volume I
don't know I don't know did you ask me
to follow you I found you
did you retweet something of mine did
you buy the herd sheep did you did you
say something nice about me
I don't know I followed you yeah I
probably thought you're cool for a
second do are you still cool
do you want me to follow you we're
Christians
I feel upwards why did you leave why
because I do work and stuff here and
also I don't like I used to travel all
the time and now I get homesick and I
like being home and I when I'm booking
this trip I knew I was like okay we've
gone well it's how long are they gone
she said ten eleven days I was like
that's too long I want to be home I
won't be with Matt and at the time of
booking I didn't know I was maybe
sending blaze away but so I was like oh
that's too long you're waiting for my
boys but I'm glad I came home early I
needed to get stuff done
mmm yeah let's do a brand deal tomorrow
if it didn't happen so everything works
out for a reason it doesn't it Chloe
would love to follow all right there you
go there girl who asked me why I follow
her didn't respond to me what her she
hates me what if she like is actually
like my arch-nemesis and followed her
not realizing it she's a why'd you
follow me then he was some part of the
like epic plan to destroy her and I just
really don't even know why are you
responding to me where'd you go I need
to know why you're confused about me
following you
you
can you announce your senior project
that we can't know about cousins the
secret I think I'm noticing it Tuesday
yeah Tuesday
that wasn't me winking that was me
trying to think it's just doing a weird
blinking thing while doing it I think
I'm announcing a Tuesday yeah
what's your pair of why I pick I haven't
posted all my favorite Hawaii face yet I
have failed at that I kept taking
pictures on my good camera and then
forgetting to put them on my laptop to
send to my phone to post them so I will
eventually be posting all of them my
favorite was learning with me they're
like oh my dad Eric's a fun person to
take candids of because he's just so
sweet
what are though I'm got some new ones of
choline and some great ones of Corey all
of my favorite pictures of Cory are
pictures of Cory taking selfies of
himself but a lot of it I barely took
pictures of myself I was taking things
for other people I have much to post
this to my Instagram or not I don't even
though but anyway I'll be posting all
there next week people don't think I'm a
wife like a month but I just haven't
posted all those answers
sorry my volume was up when you say my
DM let me scream ideas my ears help
don't you know to turn down your volume
when you watch my stuff okay
the sunscreen made my chest break out
left on where is it look at this why I
am is it on my chest what is happening
I'm bleeding oh okay alright it's coming
down now what what I don't want to get
flat on the inside of a light colored
jacket yeah sure that seems clean on
this side so anyway
i subscript me to break out I was using
like the face Neutrogena like good free
to skin sunscreen and I still broke out
a bunch of my chin and then I used the
sports stuff on my chest and that made
my chest break out like crazy I was
doing so good I had gone like two three
months with no pimples or zits and then
then these decided to just spring up out
of nowhere I really hope this next can i
DM you or should I not add to your damn
swing up constantly you can DM me but I
can't guarantee I will see it I will
definitely try and say but I got my damn
spray I usually go
I usually dam like a lot of people but
all you're always free to DM me I just
can't always guarantee that I will see
it or that I will see it immediately but
I love people getting me as happen that
ran earlier was not me trying to get you
guys to not do me that was me feels like
don't lie to me say that your d ends are
most important thing on the planet the
one it's like I saw a lizard today good
lizard my parents have landed my mother
text me we text each other every time we
land somewhere nothing interesting
happens starts bleeding on your chest
it just happened I didn't even know is
happening you see my blog a few slides
dreams are nothing interesting how dare
you this is the quality content
everyone are so sassy tonight that girl
ever tweeted back at me
hey bus you're on my list and you know
it I like knowing you guys I like seeing
you guys enough that I know you and you
know what I'm joking and I know when
you're joking because sometimes people
tweet me and they they're joking but
since I don't know them well enough I
don't know if they're I don't know that
they're joking cuz I don't know that
they're sarcastic and so it comes off as
as rude they really need to have a
sarcastic thought that I'm just saying
I've been saying this for years just
type in a different font so I know it's
sarcastic what gods are coming at you on
your screen quality content quality
content this is quadratic ax oh I don't
am you because I don't be annoying it's
not an orange DME just don't lie about
what's in your deals that's all it is go
ahead and damn you give me a bj okay I
don't I just that does not vote me it's
the blood that bugs me Alex you're on my
list to write with a buff fifteen days
on coats Christmas oh no I have no time
oh I don't even have a tree
when people say it follow me if you
follow me I'll die or I'll cry it does
not make people follow you because I
don't want to be responsible for your
death or your tears why do they put tags
and hats what do they do this like this
isn't fun for anybody I guess I could
cut it out but then that would just take
a little bit of effort
have you finished drinking your mushroom
juice there's no mushrooms in my
fermented tea thank you very much but
I'm not the warm part and it's like this
just went to chunks on the bottom so I
never actually finished my kombucha I
always look like this much less because
I'm that person is this a good sarcastic
font they had the spongebob thing we're
the different cup capital letters that's
fun that's I like that that could be
sarcastic but that's like that trend is
out isn't it it was just a trend I
thought that was the funniest trend I
thought that oh that was a good one
and why I'm nice no grace my list is for
people that are being annoying it's a
it's a bad word list it's another word
for crap I want to cuss on this that
because I know that I could get deep
monetize for cussing oh you see part of
my back here this is nice are you going
to Miranda's New Year's Eve party she
has not invited me I have not gotten an
invitation for Miranda at all so I got
nothing I never do anything what did I
do
last year for newsy I wasn't Tahoe and
we just stayed up till midnight and then
fell asleep it's no one it didn't die
like that was my New Year's Eve last
year
she tweeted me back she loves me okay so
the what the following was just like I
like I'm lame why do you follow anything
or like you're confused why I did it so
we are not arch-nemesis that's good I'm
glad for on a good loving playing feel
scared uh that was stressing me out I
was scared that I had an enemy
you're gonna be on your own list I'm not
gonna be on my own list
I love me I'm the best I'm not annoying
right correct Haley you're not annoying
so far it's just Ava and Alex and Leah
was pretty sassy to me earlier because
almost to that list she was sassy
what list I'm confused is the list of
people you don't like at the moment but
I secretly stole income but they were
just there being blatantly rude and they
knew it so I put them on that list just
select them no I know that they were
being blatantly rude I appreciate it but
I still love them but you're still on
this list
you're still there you gotta earn back
off the list when you're off the list
you're fine
so some people being annoying yes that's
what it is so add me I'm not having you
new fonts on so you know I'm sarcastic
how do you do that how do we make
different fonts on Twitter I've never
cared enough to actually look into it at
all but you know sometimes I make pretty
fonts how do you do it I'm sure it's
just like a simple keyboard mechanism
but that's a lot of work I hate you
don't try and get on my list there's
another list for people trying to get on
this list this list is over here so
you're trying to go this list you mean
blatant the route just to get on this
list I'm gonna put you on this list and
I won't say your name so now you're
trying to get on this list so I'll say
your name oh no you're gonna go on the
name list but I know you're nameless god
I need to go sleep finals week is coming
help me Oh clearly this can't help you
but I wish you luck get some sleep
hydrate yourself where'd you get the Hat
and then kollene gave it to me for
Christmas last year or two years ago so
I don't know where she got it but it
exists camo you can't see my head I
don't know maybe that's why my brain is
not working cause it's like camouflage I
just disappeared I'm sorry
ah Venus on the jumping bar I read it
but where's everyone talking about the
Hat you're clearly not I love that joke
don't be forever to understand that joke
oh of course to be on your list but you
don't know me grace just don't you don't
want to be on this list this is not a
good list I've made this list a list you
want to get on to Oh
so they made multiple lists like a good
list and a bad list like Santa hat oh my
god I'll be fast
I like it Santa it's a lot of work at
one night but you only work one night a
month a year I could do that I could get
on board with that just drink a bunch of
energy drinks and get through it
chocolate should I do that so you guys
stop trying to be on the annoying list
and be on the good list quality content
took me forever I'll follow you I'm
sorry that took you forever did the
Spongebob things brought something
really long how'd you do phone going
it's faster in the battery last longer
and it doesn't just randomly die on me
but I don't like any of the new features
like there's good and nothing about it
that I'm like oh I'm so glad I got this
because of this like literally just a
working phone so I'm excited that I have
a working phone but I'm not excited
about any features I got pissed when I
brought my headphones from my computer
but not extra headphones for my phone
I can't do mediums ever work for me
almost kind of cuz it's not thought I'm
not following you now I'm following you
and you condemn me how many weddings
have you really done seems how you got a
certificate oh I have officiated two
weddings
my friend Tina even from Britney's
weddings and then I reversed you forgot
mine anyone can do it I think you're
above me if you're older than 18 in
America at least you just go on and just
say how do I get ordained how do I
become certified marry people and then
you just go through websites some cost
money so don't I get the free ones but
it's totally legit and legal um because
from something the gloves called but
anyway
yeah anyone can become an ordained
minister be certified to marry people
fool nerve-racking sure your charge of
the wedding basically you mess up
everyone knows this but the first one I
was super nervous for the last one I was
totally fine once I didn't care I've
been on stage a lot since then don't
love me do you love me yes I do
what's your name milah Maya mhm
I ll a my brain wants to say Milla but I
know that double else can make a Y sound
if it's in Spanish right yeah am I
remembering Spanish correctly my two
years of it
hey hola como esta would be in that do
at least know me then god I wish I knew
other languages my brain just sucks so I
want to say yeah
Milla Mia
at Colleen's Kiwi that's what your name
is
that's when the ATS come in handy that's
what my books on the ads is what I
cannot say your names but I want to let
you know I notice you and I can
pronounce your ass I'll say the apps
that's the only time they come in handy
that was a reference from earlier if
you've just joined livestreams we're
talking about as earlier I don't pay
attention to them
awesome hands do this a lot I should've
been a mine please come to Texas with
Clint you so bad
hey it stuff's still destroyed from the
hurricane I feel like once it stopped
the news coverage Ryan just shut down
and I feel like that's what happens a
lot like a next thing will happen and it
was like oh my gosh like look you have
to help your to help and then the second
like the storm goes away or the fires
were put out everyone's like but
everyone wise are still destroyed and
houses are still flooded in the streets
you still can't drive on but then a
second but like people still need help
in donations like I get mad at that
like we stop we stop covering things it
could become it becomes old it is old
news but it's not all the people think
it's they're still dying it's something
else
so places still destroyers that's all
cuz I know what's the buyers have put
out things will still be destroyed but
no one will be covering them anymore
that's all what kind of ring light do
you have if you can be photoshopped into
anything what would it be if I could be
Photoshop into anything what would it be
don't know people photoshopping my face
on things all the time so I I don't
really I've seen a lot of it maybe know
what I'm for strong indie things
no no cuz it'll just make me look like
it's something cool I'm not gonna be
like oh cool looks like I did that thing
I don't feel like really mad that I
haven't done that thing yet that's a
weird way to look at life
well what realize do I use that was I
don't know what it's called
fairness sark nibbler I should know but
I don't
oh I'm not refreshed and so long I'm
sorry guys I've been reading really old
comments I wish it was spinach but it's
just nila
so did I say right is it not my family
is mad because cannabis farms are
destroyed sorry sorry it's known in
Texas yesterday but our sort as the
water froze
yes know about each question turns into
a long discussion do you want me to
quickly answer everything just like yes
no it'd happen to do I can do that too
but I just feel like well you came here
for a discussion did you I don't know
why you came here I'm still trying to
figure it out
I almost pressed stop broadcasts because
I was clicking over to the screen that
was just been abrupt if you want to turn
on my list which lists you trying to get
on to what we talking here oh just a
thing of someone trying to jump into it
puddle think okay
people are blatantly being rude to go on
my list I don't appreciate that so I'm
not even acknowledge you how do you how
people change their Twitter pic like do
you meltdown trying to harm everyone
there are some times what I'm like when
I have like a discussion of some of the
DMS and then they we don't talk for a
while that I go back and then change
their app their picture I'm like it was
this the same person I can't remember
there are times when I do freak out with
people change their picture cuz I don't
remember or sometimes somewhere between
a semi or like III that same joke with
the other person I was like oh wait no
this is the person I just changed the
picture I guess let's see you guys
change your names to you change
everything
it's hard but I try I do ly try hey
Dulli words we all know I can't speak Oh
currently watching Santa Claus so it's
really important question is how much do
you dislike Denny's out of 10 Denny's is
disgusting but I have fond fond memories
at Denny's my best friend in high school
and she's my friend but in high school
we had pie Friday's what was the third
Friday of every month or something there
was a Friday of every one of the Fridays
we'd always go to Denny's after school
and just eat like six slices of pie and
talk for four or five hours straight
just be entities in a booth just talk
and talk and talk and talk from wherever
and I think we went to white knight once
and there were like it was like ended up
being like 2:00 a.m. they're like trying
to vacuum this over 24/7 they're like
trying to vacuum around us we leave with
like a 20
belcheck was $20 but we'd be there all
day so I have fond memories at Denny's
but the food is terrible
it's there's a lot of salt and just salt
but you know you can't really eat
something that you you liked at one
point I mean you could that's false but
I have good memories so I don't the bad
food doesn't it it outweighs the just
good clean slate
I don't know I'm saying you get it
hopefully what Chad do you look at with
live streaming I'm right now I'm looking
at my Twitter notifications my Twitter
mentions Oh YouTube usually is nasty and
I don't have a hashtag for today so
that's all yeah so many people pronounce
my name is Brian what it's like okay bye
is there named Brendan be ry and Bryn
okay
because they maybe they see this yeah
okay that I don't think I would have
done that I have pronounce your name
Bryn's when I see it I this person said
my mother started speaking Spanish to me
but I read it as my mother started
spanking looks like do you guys think
that's faking is child abuse this is a
question of the day
do I have lots of questions of the day
in life but like my foot fetish one are
there but do you consider it spanking
child abuse or physically that is this
is a physical violence which registers
as child abuse because there's a
physical act and it is slightly violent
but I know a lot of people do it and
it's is it classified as childhood how
much you do it how hard you doing bear
but if you use the utensils what is it
what is it what do you think cuz my dad
used he has I don't think I ever got
spanked but I saw my siblings it's fake
I was like I don't know so I avoided it
but it used to be super super calm in
the spanking this is what she did and
now people don't spank me more in the
boudoir but it started under same I
could do one but it a lot of people are
now like you cannot touch up shine
would you shouldn't hurt your children's
but is would you consider spanking child
abuse I don't know where I stand on the
issue I want to discuss it I don't think
I would spank but that's just because I
I don't I don't want to but I don't know
I don't know I think this is too intense
but let's go back to this actual thing
my mother started speaking Spanish to me
and my sister the other night and told
me how disgusting and dirty
despacio actually is this this necesito
I'm ashamed myself I'm just ashamed this
buzzy etho temple I don't even know word
that this what that is
who is it what am i doing guys how are
you my man life should be Forks it feels
like forever I'm still in an hour
I think that's a good time for me to end
it not being able to speak other
languages talking about child abuse
under earlier feet so that's good
this see them despacio I couldn't ask
more uncultured white it's just the
thing of the day yep I'm just gonna end
I'm not going to embrace my I'm just
gonna apologize for alright alright I
think that's a good time for me to sign
off here I love you all
hopefully I see some of you as soon I
get my dog back Thursday's the next
slash tree my dog will be here and he'll
learn to sit on his spot and won't wear
a hat or have 50 spinners in the back
because apparently it really just
offends people I love you all you're all
the best beer bike except for those
around my bad let's practice
