I have two more videos to film one more
video to edit and then I'm good for two
weeks and I can leave and go on my
two-week vacation and I have a lot of
fun but today I also have to memorize
scripts for the show I'm shooting
tomorrow the cooking show they picked up
six more episodes cuz I'm really great
and they really wanted me to do more but
yeah I have nothing really planned for
today we decided maybe we're gonna go to
the mall but it's a Sunday and we hate
them all but I need new shoes cuz my
shoes off both food but yeah that's all
okay my beds made you know what that
means Rachel's room time this
technically the last video I have to
film so I won't have to film it you
think for two weeks but I'm still
probably gonna feel more on Wednesday
when I have a moment but now I have to
put on makeup especially to cover up
this I created this it I can't even be
mad at it
I fully created it myself there was like
a white speck I was like I knows a white
head under there and I dug and I picked
got it out but did this happen like why
would I do that to myself it wasn't
bugging anyone it was fine with the way
it was but I just insisted on getting it
I'm an idiot
alright Rachel's from time to good
morning everybody it's 6:00 a.m. on
Monday and I am off to go shoot a
cooking show as a judge not a notic cook
still confused about that one but yeah
they did six episodes before and then
they contacted me wanna do six more so
I'm off to do that so I'm doing that
today and tomorrow but right now I'm
just off like a buh I'm gonna part a
part of us at my car
Lorna was hit my whoa oh okay
probably listen scary for you guys
because you couldn't see it all but it
was very scary for me Oh fencer don't
walk in the street I'm driving thank you
people out of
yeah I don't know what they're doing
Birds people everyone's so delirious
from being up so early just finished
filming one episode I'm exhausted I am
so tired I'm just not in it to win it
right now
but I'm heading back I changed my outfit
film 2nd episode and that's my life do
you guys want to see the set it's pretty
cool
so you guys already know what happened
to me today but I'm just gonna tell you
anyway I was in between the episodes I
had a little break and I was downstairs
in the greenroom area I look at my phone
and I was like wait a second cuz I was
on Twitter and freakin Dwayne the rock
Johnson tweeted me I flipped out I
couldn't control myself I was with a
bunch of strangers and I just heard
screaming and I was like I don't want to
do but I genuinely for about an hour I
was just not a human I was just like
except I was fangirling I was fangirling
I took me forever to come before the
response and I was just flipping out I
had to like check look a good ten times
to make sure that it was like actually
his account that tweeted me and it was
me that got tweeted I was so confused of
course I had to play it cool on Twitter
and then on snapchat and Instagram and
now here you guys saw that I'm genuinely
not cool at all just flipping out he
sent me a winky face can we all talk
about that there was a winky face
involved there was a sexual innuendo
involved in our tweets together and I
just I didn't know what to do with
myself like what what I'm a mess okay I
love you guys I'll see you in the
morning committee do you guys know that
feeling when you take a sip of a cold
drink when you feel super tired or
dehydrated or whatever and you can
literally feel it going down your body I
just had that I woke up I was thirsty
but like I was drinking water I wasn't
doing anything and then I was drinking a
hot coffee and I wasn't doing thing and
then I just got an iced vanilla latte I
took a sip and the coldness and
thing it just woke my entire body up and
I could feel it going into my veins and
I feel so much better I was having a
rough morning and that just put it over
the top of happiness there it is so I
didn't feel any more of yesterday you
saw me in the morning with my iced
coffee and that was it for me I was
eight alright we filmed all day and then
I came home a notch I just like watch TV
and fell asleep that was my day but
thank you guys so much for watching and
the cooking shows are all filmed now I
have no clue in the episodes gonna be
out I know nothing about it
I just know that there's 12 of them I
had fun filming with everyone though
everyone was really sweet I met cool
people I'm technically on vacation now I
have no main vide no I still have to
edit now my vacation starts tomorrow my
vlogs will be more entertaining from now
on because I'm gonna be travelling and
whatnot so I hope you guys are excited
for that because I am oh but that's it
thank you so much for watching
doing the rock Johnson tweeted me my
wife's complete there's nothing else to
do in life like that was it that was it
that was like the end of it just join
the rock Johnson just a fantastic human
being and on his birthday of all days
he was like you know what's a good
birthday present for me tweeting Rachel
Ballinger that's what he did happy
birthday Dwayne the rock Johnson tell
you guys for watching I'm an idiot you
all know this I love you a lot and
that's it
okay
