making my bed just seems like too much
effort the only time I ever actually
make my bed is what I have to do a video
with my bed but you know it's more fun
than making the bed jumping on the bed
how's everybody doing y'all having a
good weekend I have a hangnail problem I
think I like me to go to the doctor and
get a hangnail permanently removed from
my finger cuz it sucks and it's a middle
finger it's just a whole big fu isn't it
I think I have a scratch on the inner
lens of my camera I need to clean it
maybe that's why it's not focusing so
much lately I have a lot of energy
haven't had any coffee yet can't tell if
it be a good or bad idea I just like
making coffee and having it I don't
really drink it all that much unless
it's a nice coffee oh no a nice vanilla
latte from Starbucks then it's worth
drinking every set I haven't had
Starbucks in a while I just have it all
right I'm gonna start my day now I love
you guys
I was walking the grocery store some guy
stopped he's like hey awesome is TV
which is a company that I work with
often nothing yeah
then he goes I cut that and then he ran
away like what you guys he edits for
them so I think that he is is the editor
on the cooking show I did that's run
through awesomeness I was like oh and I
just feel very awkward because I don't
know if he thinks I'm like a punk rude
human because I didn't like respond like
oh cool I just was because I just
couldn't quite hear what he said because
he was in a rush he like ran away and
explained to me I was like oh so I feel
bad but I thought this is an awkward
exchange but yeah
I have literally done nothing vlog
worthy for the past 24 hours last time
you saw me at the grocery store turning
it off for copyright reasons but I got
home and I didn't do anything worth
logging and then all today I've been
editing my edited two videos and so it's
5:30 on Saturday I can't put a post a
vlog today because I have nothing to
post and so Matt and I decided we really
needed to leave the apartment so we've
left the apartment we don't know what
we're going we just know we needed to
get out of there so we're just driving
I'll let you know where we end up put it
up at CPK they're going to talk to the
cameras already do this
I'm here remember I've already told you
guys we drove around for a really long
time and looked at houses and just why
don't I Drive and then we did up that
cpk eating more chocolate so I'm to cpk
we just continued to drive around some
more eventually got home I played some
Sims Matt made me our second dinner and
that was it I was my knight nothing
spectacular happened the past few days
been pretty boring but tomorrow I am
going to I start filming cook that again
and then I leave for San Francisco and
then I go up to Canada it's gonna be Oh
eventually these will get more
entertaining and just doing a lot of
boring work crap which is not fun to
film but whatever so yeah that's all I
have to say sorry I'll try to do
something entertaining today so
tomorrow's vlog is better are you know
if I go post tomorrow if I post tomorrow
it's gonna be up super late once I get
back from tell me in the cooking show
hopefully I'll post it all right but
this is it for this thanks for watching
I love you guys I'm holding my boob okay
alright
