guess who bought tickets to get it done
last night next week I get to go up and
see Colleen and Christopher and Jessica
and the kids and I'm very excited at
Corey it's gonna be great I'm probably
good to do it and then I'm flying
afterwards in flight into San Francisco
it's putting a few days to the San
Francisco
that's gonna be fun I'm gonna have a fun
couple weeks which is something I need
that's my life I'm very excited I'm also
teaching my boob right now but you
cannot see it hey I'm at Costco and I'm
eating and I found a longboard just kind
of sitting here so you know why not
played with it I'm home I did a little
workout on my mat thingies I'm trying to
do stretches to help my posture because
if you didn't know I terrible posture
you can't tell on videos but if you ever
saw me in person I look like a hunchback
but positive thing guess what I bought
at Costco I'm gonna chop up the fruit
now I won't show you cuz you've seen
that before but I was just kind of let
you know what I was doing so I did that
I did it I cut out my fruit I also got
new Tupperware I just got a bunch of new
kitchen stuff at Costco it felt right
oops all right cool go poop so I keep
forgetting to sit up straight like I'm
doing right now forgetting about it so
I've written posture on my hand and I
feel like I'm in high school again when
I used to write all of my notes on my
hand to remember stuff but I did it so
that I I I think about my posture every
once in a while and then the second I
stopped thinking about it I go back to
slouching it is a very conscious effort
to sit up straight or stand straight and
it hurts and a very over the slouchy
thing cuz it makes my belly stick out
more and it just it doesn't look good I
look better standing up straight but
like I've trained myself to not do that
which is annoying for a habit for our
second dinner and I did something I
haven't done since high school and
that's ordered two kids grilled cheese
listen it's three bucks only if you get
a good cashier that will actually let
you do it because obviously I am NOT 12
and under
also with the kids grilled cheese
cute little gummy hamburger oh is it a
cheeseburger or a hamburger or is it a
grilled cheese it doesn't matter cuz no
one will ever eat it but we got it quick
question well first a statement then a
question
so back up so inside habit there was a
man who had his jeans sagged down to the
point where you could see the bottom of
his boxers that he was wearing are we in
a pickle we're gonna crash
and hit people oh there's so many people
never has nothing ever lights on the
habit parking lot was just a mess anyway
this young man has his pants sag down to
where you could see the bottom of his
boxers his jeans were in the middle of
his thighs so my question is when do
jeans stop becoming pants and become
thigh highs when they're sagged down low
when is when does this point happen
because they're not serving the purpose
of jeans anymore once you've sagged them
past your underwear so what do they
become high highs right denim thigh
highs that's just what I have to say I
don't know where the point is because it
was clear he was wearing not jeans they
weren't pants it's the next morning you
know how I wrote posture on my hand well
I slept on it and now it's written on
the face just her though you are eating
it's the only a part that made it so
that's a lot of fun also my neighbor is
blaring mariachi music in the morning
don't know I though I was definitely
dancing along to it oh you can see it
better when I turn into the light I
don't I don't know what there it is
my camera was having a lot of trouble
focusing and it still is that we were
past this vlog e that we were past you
hating me this is I'm tired work update
I've gotten pretty far in pre filming
and editing videos I'm gonna be gone
basically the full first with two weeks
of May doing different stuff oh my god
I'm going to Canada I'm going all over
this I need to looks like I'm either
very dirty or need to shave you guys
love me anyway right I'm not talking to
you guys I'm a little more awake but I
just wanted to show you my face cuz I
think it's funny guys I'm distraught I
filmed the video a while ago and I've
been putting off editing it because it
was like the most boring video on earth
I didn't want to
science kits and I just don't even want
to attempt to edit it I don't even think
I'm gonna post it and no really you
reach it I wouldn't see it no it's jus
nearly the most boring thing on the
planet
and I just I know I should try that a
day but that's what I'm going through
right now it's really difficult for me
the really hard time in my life I just
don't know how to deal with it
I'm just not funny enough I'm hilarious
just a bit funny I did it whoo exhausted
I saw this thing online it was like 22
push-ups for 22 days because that's how
many vets commit suicide daily is 22
which is ridiculous and I was like I
should do that but then I was like I
can't do 22 push-ups so I'm just telling
you guys about it instead 22 about to
commit suicide every day and that's not
cool there that's been bringing
awareness I just I can't do two push-ups
I think I'm gonna close out this vlog
now though my edit post it now I really
I keep trying to get back to be the
vlogger like he is you have to talk to
the camera you can put the camera on me
and I'll talk but I wanted an entire
vlog from his point of view but he's
just he's just for it I feel like maybe
one day soon I can just put the camera
his hands big go and run away cuz he's
good at getting like montage stuff and
cool shots he's just scared that's all
hello guys talk to you later
Oh have a good weekend it's Friday right
happy Friday have a good weekend guys
I'll see you tomorrow though I'll still
see you during the weekend but just have
a good weekend okay bye
all right we don't know where we're
going and I don't know
