good morning I am about to put on some
makeup and film a Rachel's room and then
in like two hours I have to livestream
I'll have to I am live streaming so
that's okay
things but the makeups on the lights are
set up the tripods here waiting for the
camera that I'm holding and it's time to
film a Rachel's room guys I just
finished filming and halfway through my
camera is like up your SD cards full and
it's like a different SD card I think my
camera's wigging out and I know the SD
card wasn't folks I emptied it
beforehand it eventually start working
again but I think that my camera is
broken and doesn't know how to like read
empty space I don't know but I'm kind of
getting annoyed with it uh struggle bus
I have to google it and find out what's
happening
dang I said my camera broke and then I
was like a clickbait thing really he's
broken now I just finished my livestream
I had fun hanging out oh I just dropped
my phone please so break don't please no
break Prince will break yeah now I'm
gonna go watch some playoff games while
I edit and do other things so that's the
end of that hey guys it's exciting I
went to the gym and the huge room where
they usually hold the classes and the
mirrors everywhere that's where I go to
do my stretches and sometimes I just
work out in there cuz it's away from
everybody and there's usually a few
people in there I've never had it to
myself and tonight ladies and gentlemen
I was the only person in there so I got
a little bit of a lark footage for ya
it's my really intense workout and then
someone came in and ruined everything
because I don't like filming workout
videos while people are in the room so I
stopped and then I went on the bike and
found a bruise on my leg that I didn't
know what it was oh that's my gem story
hey it's the next morning and I haven't
taken a shower yet I was a little
working and I was like hey by the way
the showers not drying at all like he
turned it on and zero water is going
down the drain so we can't take showers
and so I'm running the target right now
to get plumbing stuff I don't even know
what I need but he's sitting there like
literally scooping water out with a cup
and pouring it down the kitchen sink
because it is it just won't go down and
we need it to go down for any tray now
or to pipe it or do anything we're both
just like hey okay great
we're dirty I was like hey where's comes
doors we can shower at the gym just like
my worst nightmare but like the thing is
it was draining fine
like yesterday morning so I don't
understand why all of a sudden today
it's like no but I'm stressed I just
bought an entire bags worth of plumbing
stuff I got like three different bottles
of Drano and a snake and a plunger and
rubber gloves because I was like I ain't
doing this barehanded so yeah that's
what I just did I just had like the
worst 36 hours of my life I have to
figure out how long that was so
yesterday the last you saw me was I was
going to Target and I got stuff for the
plumbing thing I couldn't fix it I tried
to snake the drain I tried to plunge it
every time we flushed the toilet
they'd started gurgling up in the
bathtub like I didn't closet but we
didn't clog the toilet it was like the
pipes were just
stopped existing so I don't know it was
a mess like the shower wouldn't drain
and eventually the toilets like got
clogged and wouldn't flush anymore it
was disgusting like wrapping like stuff
her coming up through the drain in the
shower but I wasn't like open toilet
paper it looked like rusty weird it
looked kind of like newspaper I don't
know what was happening but it wasn't
normal anyway I like didn't post because
I was so stressed out and I was on the
phone with my landlords and they were
like well all of our contracted plumbers
can't come out today so you have to wait
to tomorrow I was like I can't pee or
shower I need to pee and they're like
well we don't know what to do and like I
fought with them forever and then I was
like fine I'm hiring my own plumber and
I'm sending you the bill and so I call
the plumber and they're like that's a
huge job that's gonna cost a lot of
money and I was like well fine then I
probably shouldn't do it sounds like pay
if it's just like they just literally
need to come out and plunge my toilet
for me or snake my shower with the
professional stager thingies then fine
like 100 bucks whatever but they're like
that's like a thousand dollar job and
it's not it's the apartment buildings
plumbing it's not like my personal
toilet or whatever they're like your
pipes are bad and like there's a clog in
like this septic something or other I
was like fine I'm not doing it so I had
to go over and I spent the night at
clean and Josh's last night they're not
they're just Josh's sister Erin let me
and Matt barbecued for us and I slept
over there and I showered finally
because I hadn't showered yesterday I
didn't shower it was gross and then I
kept waking up freaking out about the
plumber cuz they're like the landlord
didn't say when the plumber was coming
or what time that he'd call me they just
said he's out of town so he'll stop in
tomorrow morning on his way in and like
I didn't have his phone and writing
anything so I woke up at like 6:30 in
preparation for when he would call me
and he finally called me at 7:45 and
said I'll be there between 9:00 and
10:00 obviously he showed up at 11:00
which was nice
and then I'm stressing out because I
have a laser hair appointment with my
mother today that's normally have fun
great things we do lunch but I couldn't
do lunch with her before the appointment
because I was dealing with the plum
showed up and he was nice and everything
he had to go into like the garage and I
filmed on my snapchat mess in the garage
that he had made currently my car garage
because of my apartment
that was like hey I'll chill with the
plumber you go to your appointment with
your mother so I'm rushing to my
appointment with my mother and Trent
came along with her today I don't know
why so that's my life and I'm stressed I
didn't film any of my mom or Trent I had
fun with Trent in the waiting room he
and I hung out we talked about movies my
mom got dermapen on her face it's bright
red now it's a hilarious I didn't show
you guys I thought she might be
embarrassed if I did and I embarrassed
her enough on internet but I am home and
I came home to a bunch of packages we
bought floor mats and here is the bar
also I got ordered a bunch of clothes
those came I just kind of went crazy on
the internet for a couple days just
ordering stuff on the Internet
I have I bought new socks there's a
little string that is like in between my
toes and it's pissing me off oh I feel
it got it broke it I'm good anyway quick
update so I'm gonna set up all my gym
stuff and have fun look at the puzzle I
put together I own a bar now we don't
have any weights but this thing is 45
pounds which is max for me I it's very
difficult for me to lift this so I think
that's all I need
Matt needs more but me I'm good with the
45 pound bar all right guys that's it
for this vlog thanks for watching I'm
sorry I was a mess sorry I didn't post
on Monday or Tuesday I was just dealing
with plumbing stuff and that's not fun
to do but I did get gym stuff which is
fun for me all right I love you guys
thanks for watching I will see you
Friday goodbye
