hello let me tweet this ah
how you guys doing I'm a livestream in a
while and tweet hey guys so I just gotta
wait for people come hang out with us
does this look okay six viewers is it
working as as many as we're getting
ninety four yeah okay now I'm gonna wait
for your tweets to let me know if it's
working or not
doo doo doo doo doo so yeah I'm early
I'm sorry I was four minutes early
starting this because I wanted to UM you
guys can't get mad at what time this was
cuz I asked in an out what time people
wanted it I gave you noon one or two and
y'all picked two and then some of you
were still complaining because that was
the middle of a night for you I can't
have a live stream no no no matter what
live stream what time it is there will
always be an inconvenience for someone
else someone else will always be asleep
it'll always be the middle of the night
for someone's the way the world works
so I usually have been later in the day
I'm having
earlier in the day that's it that's all
there is
I'm sorry it doesn't work for everybody
alright
what should the hashtag be the first
hashtag I see is the one I'm gonna
choose hmm no one's gonna be a hashtag
at guys you get to create the hashtag
everyone says it's working thank you
very much it is working mmm
guys give me a hashtag come on
Rachel is great okay that's the first
hashtag I saw by Haley mrs. Josh at kale
yeah Rachel is great is the hashtag I
think it's suitable I think that that's
a good thing um yeah all right what do
you guys want to do do we have math
homework to do let's not do math
homework is it Sunday it's Sunday let's
just hang out and have fun
hang out for a little while I got
basketball to watch a little bit later I
don't care about the Warriors playing
right now does that gross anybody out
usually when I crack my knuckles there's
someone around me that freaks out I want
to crack my neck they think my necks
gonna fall off
it won't it's good scares me when Trent
does it though cuz he's like whips his
head back and forth I could I won't even
do it cuz it scares me all right what do
you think about Beyonce's lemonade I
haven't heard or watched it yet does
that make me a terrible person I've been
busy and then I just like haven't like
I'm like oh I should watch that and then
I just like don't get around to it I'm
terrible I know come on let me be
have you read the Mice and Men no I
don't think so
I know what it is though were you aware
you were doing this a Sumomo arm a few
vlogs ago this apparently the mole Oh
arm cuz Rebecca does that in her vlogs
so does everyone else cuz when you're
presenting something you want to show it
we're back is funny because she presents
nothing so she'll be like we're out
having fun and it's like all walls I
grabbed eka what are you showing no I
was presenting the beach in my blog I
said we're active reach and then I was
the beach don't know I got mad about
that what do you think of Joshua's cover
of seven years haven't watched that
either I haven't been watching anything
and you want to know why I've been
playing Sims that is the most boring
video that could ever exist me playing
Sims how is that entertaining at all I
know that it's boring I'm playing it I'm
like this is the most boring thing in
the entire world but it's so freakin
addicting then I can't stop that game
don't get man
never think have you bought the
expansion packs no I will not spend any
more money on this time sucking machine
I'm a fake fan of Josh I just haven't
seen the video what do you guys want to
do what's your middle name
I'm not telling you hug me I can't go
I'm patting the back of my laptop I'm
getting the hair in my armpits lasered
off soon what is this what's happening
here just some fuzz just got some fuzz
off you have anything else in there just
some deodorant
yeah good I'm getting the hair and my
armpits lasered off did I seem getting
my armpits lasered off I have no clue
what I said and I'm not still getting
the prophecy go my moustache done what
happened there was a thing here that's
been down for a while Rose also a thing
there and the wind blew it down it's
been windy in California it's usually
never windy here I don't understand
someone so ask me what the hashtag is
rachel is great how is that never the
hashtag how is that not always the
hashtag is what I'm going to say I'm not
even my brain doesn't work someone says
okay I'm at Walmart can't watch you have
a phone can you watch these on your
phone
I don't know I just made that up don't
listen to me do you guys realize sorry
last night I was in my bed and I was
like I don't look up fun facts so I
looked up facts about giraffes did you
know that within the first hour of being
born they can like totally walk around
and with ten hours they can run with the
pack and be like totally legit and keep
up and did you also know that they
barely ever never really ever sit down
also they only need ten minutes to two
hours of sleep every day and they're
very social animals they never really
fight except the men sometimes neck but
it's only for like a few minutes how are
giraffes not more praised like they're
the tallest animals and they're the
coolest I'm obsessed with rap but they
are what I aspire to be always on the go
never needing to sleep or sit and I can
just run away as soon as I'm born like
come on we should all be giraffes that
would be awesome I want them to be my
spirit animal but I'm not that cool I'm
not gonna disgrace their name like that
and say that they're my spirit animal
can socks go on both feet or have a
specific foot to go on I don't they just
have you know what they actually go on
eat your feet do people have a left or
right sock
I mean shoes are left to right because
of your arches but socks just kind of
like mold onto your foot so you don't
have that right you are literally a
scientist well how am I literally yes I
am I'm 100% a scientists but how am I a
scientist why did you say that can I get
a shout-out no where's your phone case
from the internet I bought it because I
needed a phone case and it was cute at
least I think I bought it on the
Internet I don't know that was a long
time ago what is your favorite TV show
right now I have been watching community
data it's a really I think it's an old
show it has a lot of seasons it was on
for a really long time but I never
watched it before and that put it on
just like I have something in the
background so the noise and I started
watching I was like what is this you've
never seen it was like no goes okay
you're gonna be obsessed and I happen
I've watched I'm in the middle of season
three and it's been about four days so
what I'm playing Sims and also watching
community that's what I do with my life
it's really productive PS I have drafts
on my shirt yeah you do good for you
okay someone asked me to say synonyms
cinnamon five times fast why why would
those two words ever actually go
together and why would you ever have to
say them five times fast you could say
anything five times fast and it
eventually would become a stutter and be
weird
I've decided I hate tongue twisters just
now your watch Gary's Anatomy no but I
see so many pictures and gifts of it all
over my Twitter timeline I thought it
was an adult show why are teenagers and
junior highers so obsessed with Grey's
Anatomy good things went on forever
right like that show's been on a long
time I'm doing so much better at science
why are you talking about science I
didn't do anything scientific I want to
lay down so I'm moving this get out of
here pillow I'm lazy I was really my
knees are hurting me I feel like now I'm
like skyping you guys this isn't like a
set up thing it's like I'm chatting with
my friend because I'm laying down and
not caring that's better right my broth
showing I did it oh it's a nude bride
doesn't matter
thoughts on goldfish the food or the
thing animal fish what are they
reptiles what's a fish oh I sound stupid
so much for me being a scientist just
skip on through that is making so much
noise in the kitchen right now I want to
know the pillow
oh that's comfort that's what this is
how this is how everyone should just
hang out always just lay down with
pillows all around you this is true best
friendship ask me what the hashtag is
the hashtag is rachel is great oh you
know what I should snapchat that we're
on that'd be nice right who sent me a
snapchat just I don't even know who that
was all right
I'm live streaming right now come hang
out with us look it's me looking at me
okay bye oh I hate that I hate that
snapchat will replay the sound when
you're like editing it or something
live-streaming on vlog Channel now that
is for the people that don't have their
volume on oops
no don't capitalize see I did my story
all right guys let's do something fun
and entertaining so we play patty cake
patty cake patty cake Baker's man
this is like the lamest thing ever what
was the other one that people used to do
it it was like am I just doing - secret
handshake what is that there were other
ones so it's like new when you were in
the circle you do this and what and you
do like this is he has do you mud this
emo had a Bell dinging I don't remember
the words
I know everyone does it differently on
this steve-o had a bell ding ding was
Susie Oh what how does that go no how
does it even start how I don't know but
you guys know that there's more patty
cakes in this numbers like this one and
then like other one I'm done there's no
one here to do it with
why'd you stop them than your monthly
favorites videos because I didn't think
you guys liked them
it was just me showing stuff off is that
fun tic-tac-toe give me high
give me low give me two in a row I've
never heard that rhyme before in my
entire life
Tiffani 59 at Josh lean it was high low
Jack no it was high low jackal oh that
is these are rhymes I've never heard of
my wife
Freddy okay Oh - that's I don't know why
am i joining you in clapping at
handshakes because I love that stuff
what was it what was the speed one where
I was the pacifist gay but I totally
forgot what the demon is it's like if
someone painted Gabri eye I don't know
where they hand I'm like I used to play
my cousin all the time you go like you
do certain things but then you like you
doubled it and you'd go until the only
person my step you go faster and faster
and you double the thing every time you
add one Oh
what was he called what how did you do
it it was like that was it and I you go
every time you'd add one more you go
faster and faster into the other person
but I always wanted to go so good at it
I think you've been texting me thank you
that's good thank you
oh you know making fun of me now yeah
everyone
it's called slide slide slide slippery
slide that is a good game right love
that game I totally forgot how to play
that well I'm totally psyched holy just
nailed it but I don't think I could win
if I played again never won just
screaming slide at me thank you everyone
for caring so much Susie had a steam but
the steamboat had a spell miss Susie
went to heaven the steamboat went to
hell operator please game and if you
disconnect me I'll chop up your behind
the frigerator the lay the piece of
glass miss Susie sat upon it and Brooker
literally no more questions of tell me
no more lies the bees the bees are in
the meadow the boys are nope so make my
fly the boys your sippy cup defies No so
far
why have we learned these things how do
you do kiss did nowadays nothing like
little children where they gonna learn
these they should because it's awesome
someone says give me number nine is that
not the right one they say number No
don't make fun of me are you ever gonna
cover the East Coast
eventually I don't have plans Isabelle I
should
Miss Mary Mack that is not a thing I
know everyone's calling slide double
double this double double bet that
double this double that double double
this that slide if I had to say that I
was a dozen tongue twister hmm
do you watch Braille otherwise nope
that's one I'm not gonna get sucked into
are you thinking of crocodilly oh my
what is that crocodilly Oh mind our
people never gonna stop using the dog
filter from snapchat like is that ever
gonna just quit because every girl uses
it and then you screenshot it and post
it on Instagram why cuz the thing covers
your whole face is not a picture of you
it's a picture of a dog the coachella
one is taking over though why haven't
you pooped Oh guys I've been pooped I
still have a poop I didn't poop all day
yesterday and I haven't pooped today and
I'm kind of freaking out about it
because I'm like a 1 a 2 day poop poop
poop a day pooper
I couldn't think of those words I
usually put one or two times a day
and I haven't pooped in like two whole
days what's happening I just ate a bunch
of pasta with spinach as though spinach
ravioli and so I know there's food
inside of me to poop and I think it's
like I'm not like full like I'm still
hungry where is it going where's the
food going people I don't know where
that might have just seemed more like
looked down at my boobs it's not going
there just sitting in my belly oh by the
way Sims followed me on Twitter just the
official Sims like they they followed me
they follow me
see the little follow they follow me I I
won't fall back I refuse
all right back no no okay no no there we
go my twitter is going slow it's because
if you guys keep tweeting me which is
okay though oh I want to talk thank you
you still watched arrow okay listen I
used to watch Earl a lot and it has just
gotten terrible it's a terrible show
that keep trying to combine the flash
cuz no one wants to watch the flash so
they're trying to get the flash rating
goes up but guess what the flash is
terrible and now there's like all these
metahumans involved and like like
freaking olicity and did they have
everything's breaking up and I'm just
like over it I'm over it I haven't
watched last few episodes I'm just like
I've given up you can't go that terrible
also the 100 does anyone watch that that
show also went terrible why are they
killing the best characters off they
kill everyone in that show they're like
trying to be the new Game of Thrones but
it didn't happening I'm trending we're
trending yay Rachael is greatest
trending thanks guys good company yay or
nay
I mean I'd like a few of their songs
that's all guys we trained it what's up
crap for us
okay you I know that I'm gonna pronounce
your name wrong yo you tweeted me every
day asking you my written people back I
am writing people back but if I haven't
written you back it's cuz you didn't
send me a self-addressed stamped
envelope along with your thing and if
you say you did and I just like for
somehow have lost it then I will write
you at the DMV address I just keep
sitting in tweet and I just keep
ignoring it because I'm like I feel like
I've read never went back laughs I have
I missed you then go ahead and do me
your address
okay that's it how do you say your name
I need time free like I say you around
okay
which sins do you play for
I got the most updated one Miss Mary
Mack Mack Mack all dressed in black
black black with silver buttons buttons
buttons all the way down her back I
don't know that one
do you watch soap operas no no cuz then
I wouldn't do anything during the day I
usually like I'm a little productive
during the day and at night I get
royally unproductive because I started
watching TV and playing video games if I
started watching TV in the middle of day
I would never get anything done guys
what should I go eat well I just had
spinach ravioli and it was delicious but
also pizzas a good option or fish tacos
or la cosney or lasagna like carbs you
can also just go with a nice salmon with
some mashed potatoes and broccoli Oh a
chicken teriyaki bowl sounds delicious
I'm out of food any kind of kebab
fajitas hmm get some fajita is all up in
that business sushi though Sushi's a
lighter option but you'll still get
stuffed someone eyes do you want to come
to Paris yeah I'd love to come
everywhere you have any new rants
Tuesday's a pissed off video guys you
get a what pisses me off video on
Tuesday ok so that's it and it's not a
light hard one either it's a it's a real
one
do you read your mentions often yes
sometimes you're like you guys haven't
you what I switched it sometimes you
guys are like you haven't been on
Twitter all day oh just because you
don't see me doesn't mean I don't see
you I'm going Twitter often and I see
most things written to me
you showed us you should you showed what
people why don't you just don't speak
English all the time and I'm like trying
to decide what you guys me how's max
birthday oh yeah I didn't really talk
about it uh it was really chill we just
hung out he's not a huge party guy or
like surprise guy so it was just like he
chose everything we did that day and we
just like kind of hung outside of the
coffee shop and drink juice for like two
hours and walked around and I didn't
vlog at all that was kind of a present
he didn't have to deal with my blog and
then you picked up some presents and
that was it it was just really super
chill we had beer at night and we watch
some games was it
what's your favorite performer potato I
like them all I like I've talked about
it a million times and I'm gonna keep
talking about it potatoes make them
anyway they're delicious and I eat them
french fries baked potatoes mashed
potatoes Trice baked potatoes hash
browns tater tots just you give me a bag
of potatoes you give me happiness don't
send me back some potatoes that's like
will cost way too much and shipping for
anybody can you fart on command Yelp
still can still can clean used to make
me fart in our friends because they
wouldn't believe her that I could fire
on commands like fart on them you rather
eat a bowl full of your own bogies or
drink a cup of someone else's saliva eat
a bowl for my old boogies I mean at
least I've got some flavor a little salt
to him no salty salt you
more videos with your mom she's
hilarious yes I beware I'm obsessed with
her you guys really like she legit Peter
pants in the cranking dad's video she
actually peed her pants she ran down the
hallway peeing and I knew that she peed
her pants because I saw her run in my
brain I wouldn't why is she running and
then I heard the bathroom door closed
and I was like Oh cuz that's not the
first time she's laughed so hard that
she pees a bath she doesn't quite often
how do you feel about Zootopia haven't
seen it I saw the intro to not the intro
I saw uh previews that's what I thought
yeah previews for it I don't want to see
it because of the sloth scene I don't
think that's funny
everyone just moving super slow how is
that funny that's like my worst
nightmare that is genuinely my worst
nightmares people moving slow so I'm
protesting the whole movie for that
moment in it I'm getting hot I mean that
will secretly TRO an AC without me
telling you it's not a secret magically
is the word I was looking for someone
called me a ninja yes correct I am a
scientist ninja I'm one a few how can I
meet you a VidCon I don't want to leave
that meeting you okay so I am going to
VidCon for VidCon it's like hmm we don't
have any room for you to do a panel or
mean gree or do anything so here's a
pass but like have fun backstage so I'm
just gonna have to cause a ruckus and
just have a impromptu meet-and-greet
somewhere because they're not gonna give
me a space for it so I'm going like with
my greatest nightmare in life and just
having an unsafe to meet unsafe meet and
greet just out in the public
yeah I mean I mean I really want to meet
you guys I want to hang out with you
guys I wanna have fun and then I want to
chill but like you know me so I just
have to do it my own way if they're not
gonna help me do it myself
so either right now I've nothing planned
for VidCon so I'm just gonna make my own
plans and I'll let you guys know if I
have anything figured out but yeah
they're like no no meet-and-greet for
you sorry and I'll take good with the
sore ones
that's what it happened don't worry I'll
make sure that there's a way to meet me
because obviously I'm not gonna go to
VidCon you just hang out backstage
that's really lame but also I like
organized safe things but they're not
giving me an organized safe thing so
that's that if you see this dab that how
much does VidCon cost too much it takes
so much money from people it's
ridiculous but Twitter's keeps freezing
can you show your feet no your toe
someone tweeted if you're reading the
shell potatoes to confuse everyone
watching here's the thing if my Yelp
potatoes everyone be like yeah what
about them like nobody'd be confused
because it's me and I could just yell
whatever I wanted everyone just be like
okay like that's the end of it say your
name backwards in five seconds nah
that's not right is that how my name is
backwards oh yeah I feel like that's it
it doesn't actually something bad
couldn't press by my name backwards
can you speak another language nope but
I wish I could did you know there's
dirty fanfiction about you and Matt it's
horrible but kind of hilarious
oh you don't use your brains for those
things don't know don't do that do you
want to tattoo no I do not I like my
skin I just feel like I changed my mind
so often on things and I'd get a tattoo
and like a year later be like I'm not
into that anymore and it's just on my
body always my friend whittling some of
you guys might have know who she is
she's in my bigger a long time ago she
loves tattoos and she's always being
tattoos on herself and she wanted to be
a tattoo artist and she had a tattoo
machine and she was like here and she
gave
tattoo machine uh to me and was like
draw something on my body so me her her
boyfriend at the time and her other best
friend drew tiny little things on her
ankles and we're like this is the
stupidest thing ever he's stuck on
forever I know I just never want to
forget a part of my life and I'm like
but I can't draw it I look looks like I
was drunk when I drew it smiley face on
her ankle 100% sober and she was like no
tattoos that's where in sports forever
and like blah blah like you'll never
forget that moment in your life guess
what she wants to do now cover up those
tattoos because she's no longer with
that boyfriend and my drunken happy face
family is not that appealing to people I
like girl no you said it forever and you
remember that time in your life so no go
I'm covering up I got really mad at what
you wanted to cover it up that's the
thing like people like you could love to
do some stuff but like it's on you
forever I guess we might have commitment
issues
but like my dad's at the only time he
would ever get a tattoos if one of his
kids died before I mean get their name
tattooed on him and like in a small
little phone or something and I'm like
talk about all the heartstrings man but
that makes sense but no get no against
anyone who has tattoos like you do you
rocker what'd you do long as you ain't
hurting other humans who cares what you
do speak with Scottish accent I can't I
cannot do that oh oh thank you I'm
favoring thank you so much someone else
has just created another hashtag for
this it now shares Rachael is great
people
please do a video reading fanfictions
thought about it I thought about it
because I read something sometimes you
guys like kale killed my niece or my
nephews don't kill anybody
also stop making people cheat on each
other you guys just fanfiction is weird
I've gazed upon a few of them like I've
been tagging a couple and I'm like what
is this and I start reading it and I'm
like yeah and I like want to burn my
eyes because you guys like make Josh
cheat on Colleen with people and people
are other having other people's babies
and people died I'm like what is this no
this is not my life to be stress me out
try so hard to make my life what I want
my life to be then yo just eating your
brains make up other things
Twitter from oh hi do you like being
this close to me you can sow a little
may spacers I just flipped you guys off
I'm so sorry
check your insta post please ransom
posts during my insta posts
there's my post that's it I checked it
okay I can't read your phrases stuff
anymore cuz Twitter's going too slow
okay slowly did it there's an account
dedicated to fan fishin about you and I
think the writer is like 9 how do I find
these things I want to read them all oh
there's so much amount I don't like that
picture of me I'm amazed how much
footage and pictures you guys can find
of Matt cuz like I don't even think
there's any it's not like he's not read
anything I should go do my homework
you're right Isobel you should probably
do your homework we should all probably
do our homework I'm a hare attacking me
Oh still touched my head you still play
Grand Theft Auto sometimes the I do I do
sometimes Matt played last night while I
played Sims I gotta go exercise bye bye
this just destiny then destined Justine
the destiny I'm gonna say your name's
destiny have fun exercising I should do
that later I should say what do I just
say I genuinely think I have a speech
impediment or like some brain problem
cuz when I'm editing I'm like do I have
to cut out
much stuff because I just mumble but not
mumbles that I can't think of things and
I say things weird I put words in
different it's like my speaking is
dyslexic sometimes and I just don't know
what to do with it a lot of times I say
so I look at Matt and I'm like was that
English he's like no great good it
happens a lot and then so now every time
I speak especially when I can't edit
what I'm about to say or what I have
said I overthink what I'm saying and
then sometimes I forget what I have said
and I think I've said something wrong
and I start freaking out I can't talk
you can't talk alright we're gonna do
about ten more minutes and then I'm a
piece out all right I heard man I
thought yous gonna come in here no so
confused how do you keep your teeth so
white thank you for saying that because
I haven't white my teeth in a really
long time and I thought they were
getting kind of yellow but apparently
they're white still so thank you
um I use crest 3d white in toothpaste if
that helps any I should do a brand pill
for this tooth whitening things huh
congratulations me I already did my
homework good job
say something in German I don't know any
German this is 9 and then I mean no 9
there that's German right
I can't whatever is broken you changed
your name what would it be - I don't
know I think I know something really
weird like rain or oak so hippie of me
like I don't know but something that
people could spell cuz I don't want to
go Starbucks and have like anus written
on my cup because I say angel of Mons I
don't know I just made all that up my
computer is getting so hot I can hear it
like I'm getting angry at me that sounds
weird do you look like broccoli yeah I
do
oh my Twitter just decided to refresh
itself on its own who could face swap
with anyone in the world who would it be
and why I can't face swap it with anyone
in the entire world because of the new
face ok can we all talk for a half a
second love snapchat love its death so
much fun we can we talk about how they
just 110 % ripped off the face swap app
like they're like oh that's a good app
we're stealing it face what I probably
would have put a patent on it or
something but like snapchat straight up
just completely stole it 100% like what
wasn't even shame about it okay no does
was no anger because I while I love the
fact that that exists like the app
exists in a snapchat River I'm like I'm
sad for Face Swap like you
they just completely got their crap
stolen which is a sad day for them you
just made me on I should start again
sorry I on so much it's just so relaxing
enjoyable to yarn like you can't yawn
and be angry like have you ever gone
when you were mad whatever you have say
something in Spanish
I don't know any uh Daniels's but toilet
uh hola senorita come on spot muy bien
you said both of the pigs I know in
Spanish I took two years of Spanish they
just could not pick up on it
could miles be considered our tattoos
cuz they're on our bodies forever miles
let's could arm couldn't miles be
considered our tattoo because they're on
our bodies forever do you know what are
you smile what miles are not on our body
I'm so confused what I feel like he
tried to go all deep and I just didn't I
couldn't go that far I'm still in the
shallow end do you ever forget about
your middle toe I mean I don't really
pay attention to any of my toes look at
it I guess the middle toe doesn't seem
as prominent or important as the middle
finger but like I don't really take note
of any of my toes
except my pinky toes like the nail on it
is the messed up does it just happen to
everyone like the side of your pinky toe
nail is all like crooked and weirder
than for - just me great did you give up
on your Mac no I haven't given up on my
Mac there's my map there's just nothing
else to put up there I've been every
city I've been going to I've been to
before let's repeat my cities alright
Twitter why you break so much what's
your all-time favorite candy I don't
know if I have one I really enjoy some
sneakers and a recess every now and then
I used to really like butterfingers but
they get all stuck up in your teeth and
you're like this just is not good for
anybody Twix is a good one I think that
wasn't my favourites I mean a Candy's
delicious I try real hard not to eat it
like if I have it in the house I get mad
it's in the house cuz I shouldn't eat it
but then I end up eating it it's just so
bad for you
what should I name
fish pointless trapped sad I don't like
fishing ticket fish tanks they just seem
so sad it just makes me sad
you just I've been on a rant about them
it's fine him a fish have your fish I'm
not like against people owning fish or
whatever you can own your fish but I'm
just like what's the point
they seem so sad you can't play with
them and they're swimming in a bowl moon
that seemed sound seems little sense but
all I see name your fish bubble like a
new profession second fish
you guys done that in a while like I
forgot that existed it looks like you're
really big lips just forget about me
just moles tina met moles could moles be
considered our tattoos because they're
on our bodies forever well I've gotten
several moles removed on my neck
I used to rinse which side was it I
forgot which side I used to have a bunch
of moles on my neck and I got them
removed so it was like three and I also
got I'm all removed on my stomach so
well it's gonna be removed so doctor
block on you Tina I'm missing dinner for
this know Sofia is unstable do not miss
dinner dinner is very important all the
meals are very important go eat your
food woman Daniela this is my man this
is good
oh that's sweet but I don't know any
more of the words I feel like I can
pronounce things if I'm told them but
like I don't remember what words mean
like I said as fun spanish words a bunch
I meant like five but I don't really
remember what any of them meet I just
remember saying the phrases and having
to repeat them to my teacher
oh there's fanfic fiction I don't want
to shorten words what my right oh we got
back to our room and I'd locked the door
immediately
I was tired so I decided to change in
pajamas I finished and I finished a
fresh quick I finished and I looked at
Matt who's looking for a sports channel
on the TV i crawl in bed and curl up
next to comfortable you know I'm really
grateful to have such a loving and
caring husband oh I'm married okay I
said to him I'm grateful to have I'm
grateful to have such a loving and
caring wife he replied I love you I
kissed all right nope nope I love you I
said kissing him we started making out
and then it turned into a little bit
more than making out
I wanna read it all all right guys I
think I'm gonna close this out cuz I
can't get my Twitter to work I get like
stuck on one thing for a really long
time it's making me angry
all right thanks for hanging out with me
a lot it was like 45 minutes I hang out
that's a fun hangout I got to relax on
my bed I'm gonna go watch sports people
are leaving I think people have to eat
or do homework it is Sunday after all
okay well I love you guys
thanks for trending the thing on Twitter
thanks for joining in
do you like my dream catcher OOP that's
my dream catcher it doesn't really work
still have dreams and I hate that all
right not not that they're bad dreams I
just hate all dreams big dreams are
pointless
I hate dreams they're very evil even if
they're like good dreams but when you
wake up it didn't actually happen now
you just said if you had a bad dream bad
night bad morning see all of it is
terrible
there's no such thing as a good dream
all right I love you guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow at
the blog yeah cool let's live stream
more often I had fun hanging out with
you guys I know it's just like a weird
Rachel's room but I'm only doing
Rachel's room every Thursday from now on
by the way I come to Rachel's room today
and I could not say what Rachel's
remember Thursday answer your question
every other Thursday it's very difficult
to say every other Thursday very quickly
with people being able to understand you
wonder I should remember a Thursday to
your questions this is difficult but I
succeeded at some point all right I love
you guys thanks for watching I'm gonna
close that
