hey guys how you do it it's Saturday for
you
it's Friday for me how's everybody's day
how y'all doin I hope you're having a
fun weekend I just I'm just popping in
to say hello this is the start of my
vlog we're gonna have a good day
yesterday was a good day where it's
gonna keep things going that's all
did that the death bad huh you guys
ready to go get lunch cuz I am and so
that's what we're gonna do is put my
contacts in someone is a really watery
what's wrong with me
goodbye ain't it
so I decided to pennyboard
to the store down the street to get just
pick up something but I live in a
neighborhood where sidewalks is dirt so
you can't really skate or do anything on
it except LA so I'm just walking like a
mile to the store instead of penny
boarding so I thought would take me ten
minutes that'd take me 20 ohuh sucks but
I'm getting exercise in
I made it back okay I got my phone for a
second because I can't get my vlog e to
work I just got home from penny boarding
I've went on a different street in order
to be on the sidewalk the whole time my
blog you won't work it has like that
little zero red zero right there I'll
Circle it usually that means to the SD
cards full but I just cleaned out the SD
card so I don't know what's going on I'm
very confused and very sweaty oh crap
okay I put it in a new SD card and that
changed it um by 64 gigabyte SD cards
not working anymore that's scary
but my 32 is I was just talking to Matt
about how my SD card was good and I
didn't need a new one clearly I'm wrong
I don't know the last time I had a
Friday night where I was like it's a
Friday night let's party
I'm at Target we need a dish soap that's
my life I don't know what it is it's a
one-piece what is this what is she
wearing anyone what is that I don't get
it
like I love me some Chloe but I don't
know what she's wearing also how does a
magazine section exist and how does a
DVD section exist and there's a CD
section over there how are these things
still existing like it it's a massive
area too like who reads magazines I'm
not just with it's on the internet
people who watches DVDs it's on Netflix
or iTunes Oh
CDs really CDs like iTunes I don't get
it I just I don't know it makes people
like owning the things like that just
takes up space man I mean I used to be
really for like collecting these things
but then I realize like it's just a
waste you really like looking at the
magazines I take back everything I said
I want those magazine so bad how to
relate along anyone anywhere stretch it
out with yoga and your cat thanks Lizzy
for all the tips learn to draw it's easy
what does it have to do with hoverboards
and rollerskates sweet story alert my
dog helps me walk oh that's cute look at
the bubbly you save $2 if you buy two
magazines guys will have to buy two of
those just to save some money
I played Sims for way too long last
night
it's the next morning I'm opening my
blinds
seriously I played sevens for too long
like I edited a bunch I was like okay I
can reward myself for like a half hour
Sims three hours later I was like oh
it's 2:00 in the morning I should
probably go to bed so I did that
happened all right
I had to shower guy the house by the way
Korra called me they're doing a show in
DC and he called me with camera troubles
and I was definitely naked in the shower
when he called and I answered it because
I knew that there was probably something
wrong with the show cuz I knew that a
show today and was Cory calling me and
while he and I are friends we don't
cheat on the phone very often so I was
definitely make it on on the phone and
he had no idea oh yeah so I took a
shower and now I'm going to target
because my cartwheel some app that
target has man they're geniuses told me
about a woman's clothing you're like 50%
off today so I'm going I guess I'm close
I got some weird looks while I was
filming some mannequin butts in there I
didn't get anything extravagant some
basic crap target I didn't want to go
extravagant with them they were for my
basics if I want anything extravagant
how go to H&M were for over twenty one
who was hot in here last night Matt and
I had a throwaway war not throw away and
give away we got rid of clothes and I
won
he couldn't part with more than two of
his t-shirts that I look the exact same
and fit the exact same I have rid of
multiple things I actually think I'm
gonna clean out even more cuz there are
a lot of things in my closet I dunno
where but I'm like maybe one day nope
never I will never wear it I need to
learn that Matt oh I'm think I'm having
a live stream tomorrow yeah oh you might
think that's organized nope not even
close am i doing spring clean is this
what's supposed to happen the weather
changes you realize you need to wear
other clothes you realize you didn't
wear half of your winter clothes is that
how this started is that how this is
happening oh I'm so proud of myself
I finished that's my get rid of pile I'm
very proud of my
Oh No I found another shirt boom done I
am on a freaking roll I just went
through my drawers and got rid of
another pile doesn't this look beautiful
oh okay Oh Oh looks so good
alright that's it for this vlog I'm
closing it out I'm done cleaning I'm
relaxing I'm gonna eat food and do Sims
guys thanks for watching talk to you
later bye what live stream tomorrow last
you tomorrow it looks like 2 p.m. in
California so if you're in New York that
would be 5 p.m. if you're in Hawaii that
would be 11 a.m. if you're you're in
like London I think that's 10 p.m. think
you guys are eight hours ahead time
zones because last time everyone got the
time zones wrong and everyone was very
angry at me but I didn't do anything
wrong I specified Pacific Standard Time
so what time it is for me and California
when I put the thing up okay other guys
talk to you later see you tomorrow bye
