what's that beautiful people I am about
to head out in like a half hour to go to
Venice Beach and I'm hanging on a Venice
Beach today my friend lives kind of near
there and she knows a cool brunch spot
and then she's like let's just do fun
things so we're both bringing our boys
and we're just gonna have a beach day I
haven't had a beach day in a really long
time I don't really know how to do beach
days anymore I don't know how to dress
good did I do it I got the bathing suit
on it's not good did I do it we've been
hanging out at the beach but now since
we're in Venice there's a new brewery
that just opened fire stone it's not a
new brewery but they have a new spa in
Venice so we're gonna go walk there and
we're gonna drink beer so yeah we went
to that beer place and they had oh my
gosh they gave you water in beakers like
the yeah the hugest thing
what why did they give you water in that
but I'm obsessed with it cuz science so
yeah that was cool when we came home and
I played Sims and today I just at the
grocery store and I kid the cashier dude
I was checking out he's like you make
anything special I was like yeah chicken
piccata he goes I like making beef
stroganoff this is how you make it and I
was done checking out and I just said i
sat there or stood there for an extra 45
seconds while he explained every
ingredient and exactly how to make beef
stroganoff I didn't ask he just thought
I needed to know which was cool that's
cool then now I know how to make beef
stroganoff kind of I wasn't really
paying attention but hey you know
knowledge is power so I have a little
bit more knowledge means I have a little
bit more power so last night on the
Internet we bought the lamest thing ever
like it's hashtag not relatable also you
can all smack me for using hashtag in
word speaking form we put a workout bar
like what are the bars that you put
weights on at the end and it's like the
fish a barbell we bought a barbell yep
so that's we're just gonna own a barbell
because we wanted it it's like the only
thing that we actually need to go to the
gym for we're still primary to go to the
gym because sometimes we just need to
get out of house and put yeah we screwed
up bar bought a barbell and it's getting
shipped here it's like 45 pounds you
know what Matt really wanted it it's his
birthday tomorrow yes when you watch
this his birthday is tomorrow so I'm
kind of just like spoiling him because
he's like he doesn't like me surprising
it with gifts so it's like just
throughout the week he'll be like oh
this is cool and then I just get it and
that's his birthday present so yeah oh
but also we're going to the Clippers
game tonight you won't see it in this
vlog to see it in Friday's vlog I've
decided I don't like posting vlogs on
Tuesdays and Thursdays so they post main
channel videos on Tuesdays and Thursdays
I'm getting all sidetracked if I get
thousand things to tell you I think I'm
gonna try and post it's not a promise
I'm gonna try and post every day vlog
wise every day we set Tuesday and
Thursday but Tuesday and Thursday our
main Channel video Sammy says yeah cool
yeah so tonight we're going to the
Clippers game so you'll see that blog
Friday so see geek hook me up with
tickets you'll see in the vlog tomorrow
and give him a huge shadow so that's
exciting that's a little later dick you
guys can't tell time I know you
time you guys don't know how much time
is passed or not vlogging and sometimes
I feel like you think oh I just sat down
and cut out me sitting down but like
sometimes I take an hour later but it
looks like it was literally two seconds
later and I don't know I just
it freaks me out sometimes don't care I
can hear my neighbor you know I've got
two neighbors and he's the only I've
only hear that dude and not that dude
ever okay I don't have to tell you guys
cute story
so I'm editing my Thursday video and you
dang it I can't tell you yet you haven't
seen it says vodkas up today anyway
I did a craft from my Thursday video I
did a DIY I'm making a whatever thing
I'll tell you the version that you guys
can't hear so I made the thing and I
make Matt get out of the house or out of
the room while I'm filming because I
don't want anyone around me when I film
cuz I'm so conscious but I'm not because
the whole world ends up seeing my
footage afterwards I don't know so
anyway I did my craft I did my DIY and
then Matt comes later and he sees it and
he's like how did you make that and you
have to watch the video he's saying no
how did you make that you but that
didn't you didn't buy it
and he was genuinely impressed by my DIY
and I am very satisfied with myself and
for any of you who do do it just know
this is gonna be really confusing
because you don't know what it is yet
that if you keep it in a room that gets
too hot it'll melt a little and slide
down the steak yes zero you have no idea
what it is but it will all make sense
on Thursday he actually won't slide down
the steak if you pinch the top enough
where it can't go through it yep those
are the words that I said I should close
this out so I didn't get my beets
footage but it was a fun day I was just
chilling I did look for sea glass mom I
did find horn I needed to tell my mother
and instead of texting her I'm gonna
tell her through my blog and I know she
watches it but oh what if she didn't
watch this one and she couldn't feel
like a dick when she finds out that I
was talking to her in it nice to find it
I found her three seashells three all
that one got chipped it was completely
together and then it got chipped I found
sea glass my knife
if you ever see mean you think about
robbing me how
my knife on me see I found a little bit
of sea glass you can't see it it's like
totally not see that it's totally just
like someone on the beach broke a bottle
there - I had my two friends at man I
mean we were all just searching for sea
glass on Venice Beach and surprisingly
there wasn't any it's business you need
me so much sea glass but no there wasn't
that's all we could find so I'm closing
this out cuz I should probably close
this out yeah sorry there was a bunch of
beach footage okay I love you guys I
really do I feel like I've been a more
positive person lately I mean I still
get angry but I feel like I'm enjoying
life more and I think a lot of it has to
do with that guy feel like I'm trying to
connect more with you guys and that's
just making me happier so thank you for
everyone who's making me a happy
especially on Twitter
twitter is like my happy place except
last night I kind of exploded on Twitter
which was not okay I deleted it I got
mad at ago for correcting my English
when she was wrong but her an eidm the
more fine now okay I'm closing this out
I think I'm just happy ok hello guys by
