hey beautiful people - brightness
brightness brightness what's today
I don't know sad a Saturday is it
Saturday it's Saturday tomorrow would be
to my friend I think I said that in last
vlog but today I don't really have a
plan I guess I just watched the playoffs
while I simultaneously do work so I got
some work to do today but that's fine
that's fun um I think I need you to do a
live stream soon one - I do my live
stream told me in the comments below and
then we'll figure that out okay I'm just
opening this blog and say hi so I
remember to film and stuff okay guys
look at how lame my TV is I'm working
with an antenna right now cuz I'm
watching TV yes yes I have an antenna
like the twenty dollar kind that you
don't have to subscribe to anything if I
sit on my chair oh it's not gonna do it
now will it my TV goes like crazy static
doesn't get signal but when I stand up
it gets regular signal dang it I was
sitting in this chair I couldn't get a
signal on the second I stood up it would
go crystal clear but now it fixed itself
but now I just look like an idiot and I
was complaining about nothing I'm on the
chair it's static I'm gonna stand up I'm
gonna stand over here hold on give a
second and it goes back to normal except
it's in really fast motion see it did it
no Matt come sit back down crazy
see I'm not crazy it's crazy it's crazy
see see my TV's possessed at once it's
like it's got some attachment issues and
it wants me to be near it James Harden
make your shots so I just have to stand
the entire thing I'm gonna try and sit
unless sneakily doing
sneakily Oh Steph Curry just left the
court what just happened I was too busy
yelling at you guys know what happened
all right
ice no no dang it what if I sit closer
whatever pair doing it again see how
stupid it is okay I move the chair
closer let's see if that work nope
genuinely I have to stand here for the
antenna to work what the crap I've moved
the antenna from there to there and so I
can sit here and it works I put makeup
on this is the first time in five days I
put a full face of makeup on I put a
full face on because I need to film
today this is my motivation I hate
putting a full face on I feel like it
ruins my face and I get like pimples and
crap but it looks better on camera so I
had to do it and because I put it on it
means have to do something with it so
I'm gonna film yeah I wash them into the
Warriors Rockets game obviously the
Warriors run they have a lot of talent
they just need to learn the word humble
and then they'd be okay yeah so I just
wanted to show you my makeup I wanted
someone to see it all right we're at CVS
by we I mean you and me we are at CVS
and I'm looking for a video ideas this
is based in my process I just walk
around till I find something I want to
play with and it's killing me because
it's spring /summer time so there's so
many cool things that I want to try but
they require a yard and like and outside
and I don't have one of those so it's
killing me next year guys next year
hopefully I have a yard of some sort but
yeah I'm just searching around can I
just buy one of these for fun cuz he
looks like he's having so much fun
riding this
I bought something at CVS can you tell
by how long my receipt is I just spent
50 bucks on a seen on tv products I have
an addiction to those things but I think
you guys like those videos and I have so
much fun making them and figuring out if
these things work nothing I seen on TV
ever actually works all right now I'm
gonna go over to Target and get stuff
for some DIY videos and whatnot
got supplies I'm good to sell in like
six five videos but six now because I've
been trying to figure out what pisses me
off it had to do and while I was at
Target I came up with it and I started
getting steamed and here and pissed off
so I'm not gonna tell you what it is but
yeah I finally figured out what imma be
angry about so I have to go film that
like immediately because I've got so
much anger within me on a happy note oh
I'm mad I'm on a happy note
I got supplies to film a bunch of videos
so I'm good I'm gonna visit kollene in
like May so I want to have videos filmed
and edited by the time I go up there
so hi got stuff to preach all this stuff
oh I'm angry also well very nice target
worker watching my videos if you
magically see this one thank you for
watching and thank you for working at
Target cuz that's a great place okay
don't know all right so I fill my pissed
off video and I'm middle of filming a
science craft video and I was like oh
this would be a quick easy one done in
20 30 minutes filming and then I
realized that it has to take five to six
hours to fully finish its thing so
that's always fun to find out so now I
have to set up a little time-lapse thing
and remember to film it every once in a
while oh it's growing and then yeah so
that's my life right now anyway let's
pick a point on the map
I'm about to make a very terrible life
choice and it spits I begged Matt take
me the target to buy this because it was
cheaper at Target than online I I'm
going to start playing Sims again which
is terrible hi Killeen how you doing I
hope you're trying canada yeah
eivin of my sims and wasting my life
away that's what I'm doing guys I think
I'm ending this vlog mainly because I
just played Sims for the last three
hours now I'm cleaning the video up I
filmed two videos today and I edited a
bit I think I had a successful day I get
to sit down and play sims for another
hour gosh darn it
I really shouldn't about this game but I
found like a coupon thing online it for
Target so it was like half off and like
I wanted to play it it was like I
magically found this coupon so why
wouldn't I play it I'm just making it
I'm just making excuses I wanted sim so
I got Sims
there's just the wrong decision I'm like
all right I'm gonna close this out I
wake up early and hang out at the beach
I have to so much want Wow look guys
thanks for watching
you're cool okay bye
you
