I need to drink coffee hi so I entering
coffee all day yesterday I had one black
iced tea and that was all the caffeine I
had yesterday and it was weird and today
I think I'm gonna try not drink coffee
again because you're not supposed to I
mean you're supposed to it's fine but
like the more coffee you drink the more
addicted you get so the more tired you
are basically so I'm gonna try and not
drink coffee today
oh but me talking about it makes me want
to drink it a lot I'll probably drink
coffee did that um do you guys like what
we've done with the space so as we push
the couch up we're trying to make this
like the workout zone so move the trash
cans and they're over there and put the
workout bench there and then I think
we're gonna put the weights there and we
have a yoga mat we're gonna put down
we're not gonna keep it down we're gonna
put it there when we need it because
knowing us or knowing me that's mat
wooden I would step on it so anywhere
I'm able to work out some didn't do oh
this is it citizen I'm hyper day I
haven't had any coffee and I'm hyper
that's the thing I think I just like the
taste
maybe it's and why people drink decaf
doesn't decaf still have like caffeine
in it it's just didn't add I don't know
I'm pulling things out of a but by the
way my dermapen stuff like I look fine
yeah my side so I kind of back to being
normal there's still a little sore but
he went hard on them yeah that's all I
have to say I don't know what I'm
planning to do today but we're gonna do
it
oh sure wit I'm hyper there it was so
windy last night I'm sure that if I went
outside I'd see like trees blown over
and stuff like it was making noises last
night I don't know like I thought we
were all gonna die I'm so glad there's
no big trees around where I live or else
I'd be freaking out at night I was up
really late
oops okay I want to show you guys
something that I've been doing that I'm
really proud of myself for but it's
super super lame so don't make fun of me
okay I've been buying a bunch of fruit
I've always bought fruit I love fruit
but I never eat it because it's like too
much a hassle cut up and I want to peel
the orange I'm lazy I'd rather just grab
like candy or bread cuz that's easier so
what I've been doing is I've been buying
my fruit and then I cut it up and make a
little fruit salad and keep that in the
fridge so remember I'm hungry I can just
take that out and eat
we'll examine your apology
I never talk so well
I don't think he's talking she's talking
this is what I get for having my windows
open is he going Ori went so awkward
okay he's gone
that was so just aggressive he just
started screaming which is probably how
they feel living next to me so I caught
up my fruit and put it in little fruit
salad and that way I eat it way more and
none of my fruit goes bad I'm very proud
of myself for doing it so I'm going to
cut up fruit now okay bye
it's darking I know but I'm very proud
of myself and I actually end up eating
the fruit which is good for me so there
I don't know if you guys can hear the
wind I'm gonna show you the wind hold on
Lily it's a little wave salut that is
like not even at all what it has been
today
I just hearing it go it closes my door
that's not Matt closing the door it's
closing doors in my apartment and I like
rip the blinds off one of my windows
because it window is open it's a mess
today and can you hear it
it sounds worse than it is because my
apartment has like all these weird like
caved things and so like the wind going
through it sounds weird anyway
I turn my camera on to show you what
your hair looks like after an ab workout
isn't that look great it's just
everywhere and it's perfect I love the
little loops it does look at that little
loop just want to stick something in it
stack yeah but I was checking in I just
did an ab workout and a back workout in
that area I cleaned it up though cuz
whatever and Matt just went to the gym
cuz he needed to work on things that you
couldn't do at home but I'm gonna hit
the shower and then I need to do some
editing and I also need to come up with
new video ideas I need to do a
pissed-off video but I need to do more
DIYs because that's what's big right now
I don't see none of you pee real shady
in your tweets like roll road and your
promise and your tweets been like neck
I'm over this DIY stuff but hey that's
everyone's into it right now it's cool I
love DIYs I love to like I hate crafts
but I love trying new crap and I love
trying to make new things like as a
puzzle to me so if I look at the craft
as a puzzle I think it's more fun but
yeah I think it's cool that we're doing
videos that is educational in a sense
like I don't know I've learned a lot
more about cooking about science about
crafts and I like that I like that I'm
learning I like that you guys are
learning so I like doing the eye wise
but I am going to throw a pissed off
video in there but I need to do more
stuff I'm a prank video coming out on
Tuesday so I think I'm just gonna do a
little variety um I'm stirring the pot
seeing what's working what's not but
that's me so yeah I'm gonna shower and
then work but it's gonna be fun work
diddly-doo doing it oh my shoulders are
sore oh that's not good
oh yeah they're sore morning is the next
day yesterday
oh I could I did some editing but I
wasn't that interesting not as
interesting as me cutting up fruit tell
you that much so I didn't have any
coffee yesterday so I'm having a double
shot of espresso today I had iced tea
and I I'm not gonna lie I don't drink
soda but I had a little lemonade with a
splash of sprite in it and I felt really
guilty afterwards I bring drink at all
cuz I felt guilty where's my cream
yeah tomorrow my friend invited me to go
the beach with her and I'm really
excited I've been to the beach in a long
time Oh also we just bought do you know
what sling is I don't know if it's gonna
be good or not
we just got cable basically so that we
can watch the playoffs in basketball and
that is really excited about it that's
happening oh also last night fun little
story oh I'm wearing Christmas shirt and
I'm also wearing Christmas underwear
right now that you can't see um the last
night when I went to bed I was wearing
this I was wearing a pletely different
out for it and then I woke up and was
like drenched in sweat for some reason
and so I got up and changed my clothes
in the dark and I ended up in Christmas
gear so I hate and I'm just saying so
I'm entering some coffee and I'll hang
out with you a little bit more now I
should probably I didn't post this blog
before it gets too late I like I love
setting my camera up on shelf so I don't
have to hold it like my favorite thing
in the world also if any of you speak
Spanish can you tell me what my neighbor
was saying cuz he scared me I mean
obviously was it trying to but I want to
know what he was saying gosh I wish I
could speak other languages so
convenient children learn other
languages while you have brains that
still comprehend things your brains are
like sponges right now take advantage of
that learn languages learn about culture
screw math you don't need math you need
well you do need math screw what's
something you don't need that we have to
take in college I was forced to take
philosophy what am I going to use
philosophy unless I become a philosophy
teacher like really come on anyway uh
but take language because you need it
good bye right now we're watching the
Warriors vs. rockets game and it's
making me angry like I was like all the
war is really good that's cool but I'd
never really like sat down and watched
my other games
they make me angry like I've gotta get
angry at them that's how I guess most
people felt about the Lakers back in the
day but I like I respected the Warriors
really good but they make me very angry
but I'm gonna finish watching this game
now that's it I love you guys thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow okay
