good morning everybody oh yeah I'm a
shadow still a shadow not even just no
maybe I should have stayed a shadow
anyway good morning it's show day but
it's 9:15 and we don't have to leave til
1:00 so my dad and I want to go
snorkeling but I can't go snorkeling
tell her like contacts in but I came
with my contacts and until Korra gets
out of the shower so now I'm just
sitting doing nothing quality content
I'm an idiot I went snorkeling with my
dad grabbed my GoPro ran down with him
get in the water getting all my gear on
go to turn on my GoPro there's no SD
card in it
Hey after I edited yesterday I didn't
put it back in my freaking GoPro I just
stuck it in a case uh-huh but I
snorkeling was gorgeous so um here are
some examples of the fish agency these
are not my pictures these are the
pictures I stole from the internet but
they're kind of like what I saw when I
was snorkeling so just use your
imagination like they're moving like
they would in a video so room so I was a
little hungry and I also changed my
hang-up on and then mussels and then I'm
just go back to having hanging on the
beach with my sister and my dad okay
goodbye
okay we're on our way to the video but
we had to stop at Walmart hey my dad is
obsessed with this hack he found where
you make toast in a hotel room the
chemical engineer what up I totally eat
untoasted peanut butter and jelly
but anyway this hockey found is you put
you wrap a piece of bread in foil and
then iron it so he has been wanting to
get some foil since we got to Hawaii so
we're finally in a place where you can
get foil and he's so excited about it
that's the big one
wait that's not the cord on one foot on
this woman come on dad and we're gonna
breakfast every day okay he got his foil
he got his toil guys he got it the
curses foiled again what did you say
I was about I was about a new dance
party but then Killeen called me over
what do you want
I found the funniest shirt look at this
it's a doodoo unfortunate circumstances
I am awake we're doing soundcheck now
you still can't find the SD card to my
GoPro so I wanted to put it on my chest
for the show hopefully I'll find it
before shoe starts I haven't even added
my vlogs day I've sucked it working
today
usually I'm I'm pretty good at working
this whole trip I found my GoPro SD card
so I will go on stage wearing this later
I'm gonna look right I'm looking really
cool it's gonna be bright great for my
outfit but now we're gonna go do the
meeting grant
okay what's up guys
the mean greet was super fun and it was
so nice to meet everybody and just made
me really happy so thank you to anyone
who came to the mean Crede now I'm going
to eat some dinner and get ready for the
show
it shows 7:30 oh my gosh we live an hour
oh my gosh oh my gosh I gotta get ready
: just used my vlogging me the phone she
has no idea should I just keep the
footage should I give it to her I use it
for my own video we'll never know
except you already found out if I did or
not
okay I didn't put the GoPro on I was
gonna put this girl Pro on my chest and
I was stressing about all day and I put
on and Eric said I look like a kid about
to play laser tag and it didn't go with
like my short sweater I'm wearing
because it like was like creased and a
weird I just didn't do it I'll probably
do it for one of the Christmas shows and
I have I got flannel to put over most of
it so you just see it like right here
and not like all the straps and stops
delicate situation really
anyway Coons headed back to the hotel
and we're just cleaning up our stuff and
we're gonna head back and that's the day
oh my god is it dang it good morning
everybody I blend in with the wall what
is this thing anyway I am about to post
my Thursday video and then we are going
we are going to behind it today to hang
out and this is my last full day here I
leave tomorrow actually and that's it
for today we're going to a hina and
doing things and I think we have a
sunset cruise or dinner cruise later I
don't even know but I'm excited so
design comes black rock snake so it's
like our favorite beach in Maui and
there's so much sand and there's fun
activities all over to do yeah there is
no sand here anymore we are on the edge
like the that's it this is the st.
usually it goes out so far but everyone
you can see is just cramps on a little
tiny patch it does just the sand just
doesn't exist anymore this is like we
have so many vlogs of this and like me I
was like way back there's what is
happening stupid global warming
so the boys jumped off the cliff and
survived and Kelleen I just hang out in
the water the water super rough today so
there's not much we can do in it but I
think we're gonna go eat lunch soon but
everyone's just enjoying the time joy so
Colleen it has gotten us a sunset cruise
so you can't see me because the sun's
setting behind me but we're on a sunset
cruise right now
where my mom's favorite tree ever where
the trees in the middle but then these
are all the limbs that have come out so
far and become roots for the tree as
well it's cool we're in Lahaina right
now sunsets cruise is over I'm still
looking fantastic so it's all good my
camera is gonna focus on me
even better I don't blame it we're
exploring right now before dinner and I
love it right now because Hawaii's
officially turned Christmasy so
everything has a Christmas theme to it
now and my dad's excited because later
he's getting like 10 shirts for twenty
dollars his favorite place to shop is
Hawaii because of their shirt deals
okay we picked out my dad's five shirts
I'm gonna get a pharmacist Christmas
present but uh this is his new wardrobe
for the next year
