I'm about to go on a hike pan always
making noise I'm about to gonna hike
with Heather and Rebecca how you doing
how are you I didn't really open this I
just started talking to you that's fun
right so when your mom barges in your
room just starts giving you orders
instead of asking how your day went
but if Chasse how your day went you and
me like it's fine whatever stop hugging
me
it's a lose-lose either way what am I
talking about I don't know I just lost
the cap to my water why am I so hyper I
haven't even had caffeine yet today you
see it can cuz it's dark and I didn't
turn any lights before started filling
let's go meet up with Rebecca Heather
I'm doing laundry baskets full of
laundry right now it's not in there and
I'm sweating about twenty three dollars
to get it all done
when I'm watching Spanish TV I don't
understand a single word of it but it
seems interesting I wish I could speak
Spanish I actually wish I could speak a
lot of different languages I love
learning about new cultures and I love
traveling the world but I don't do it
much and I feel like I would if I could
speak all the languages I wouldn't be so
scared to embrace myself in the cultures
or the places my brain just doesn't
comprehend other languages I can barely
master English I'm done with laundry mat
came and helped at the end so it went
quicker
all right now we're on our way to
someplace I don't know he's taking me to
some magical place so we're gonna watch
the South explai the last game and then
they're not before I'm making him stay
and we're gonna watch Kobe play his last
game ever in the entire world universe
which is so depressing but also should
have happened like two years ago so
we're gonna go do that so join us shall
we shall you shall okay let's come let's
go come back but they're going to switch
it to the Laker game so we're not able
to see the end of the Celtics game okay
oh my gosh my voice I haven't spoken yet
this morning that Kobe game was insane I
didn't vlog any of it so we watched the
first half of the bar and then that was
like I'm cold I was like me too
so we came home and put it on in the
computer and I watched the last half on
the computer and I was freaking out none
of you care none of you care about
sports but I've always been a Laker fan
I've always been a Kobe fan and just to
see one of the Great's go out he scored
60 points which is a massive amount of
points for those of you who don't know
in his last game he played more time
that he has ever this season like he
just had a great game and it was nice to
see I know a lot of gonna care about
sports I really care about them I have
fun but some of my greatest memories
watching the Lakers with my grandparents
my grandma would only speak the entire
game it is when Kobe would miss a
free-throw you just hear her she's
rocking her chair she'd look up that
Kobe make free throws and then that did
you go back to ignition or cleaning
whatever she was doing and I always
watched my grandpa he'd always turn off
the sound during commercials and forget
to turn it back on during the game it
always make me angry but I mean I bought
it with one of my best friends over
Lakers sports has a lot of meaning to me
so for those of you don't like it I'm
sorry that's fine you don't have to you
can like whatever you want but I like
sports and I've met some of my favorite
people through sports so that's that
yeah that was an epic game if any of you
watched it you know it was an epic game
they ended up winning and they were down
the whole game
that's my Kobe thing I didn't vlog any
of it because it was a game like I
didn't know what to vlog I was watching
a TV but yeah there you go
I was going to go edit this vlog and
then I found out that I got verified on
Twitter what what what what in but I
said what what in the butt wanna do it
in my butt don't do it in my butt okay
yeah which is awesome I was up late last
night talking to you guys on Twitter and
then I was so happy and then I woke up
and I was I'm just really excited
that's that anyway yeah so oh yes thanks
for putting up with me
I'm verified that's awesome thank you
guys who follow me I love you okay bye
