hey guys what's up I'm going hiking with
Rebecca and Heather today and Heather's
bringing Moo and I'm very excited about
it here's your breakfast but yeah that's
all you can see if her let's hike oh I
almost fell off of this what smell
wait hey move down good boy you sit Hey
Superman is really smart so I'm done
with that hiking business and hanging
out with mu the dog and I ran some
errands went to Costco now I'm at Target
but I'm only I'm totally into this like
sky look at it what so pretty yep just
want to show you the sky that's it now
I'm gonna go get some stuff to make fish
tacos my trip hatred buckets the next
day so I am on my way to get dermapen
done on my face and butt in appendix
cars so I go to this hair laser place
removal thing I mean the last time I
went I told you guys that I signed up
for more crap I signed up for
dermapen and basically I wasn't going to
do it on my face because I don't think I
needed it I asked if they could do it on
my but stretch marks and they said no I
can't we can do it on that and the dude
who's super cool and a great salesman I
have to really applaud how good he is at
selling things so basically he's like
okay just pay for the face one and then
I will do your stretch marks and your
scars for free so I'm getting dermapen
done on my face and I was supposed to go
in with no makeup and my face freshly
washed which I have and I'm wearing
glasses because sometimes you put stuffs
on my eyes and on tax you can't close
your eyes for a really long time so I'm
gonna go do that and so it's basically a
face peel I think it's like a little pen
that does I really don't know anything
about it I'm not gonna try and explain
it because I don't know what's gonna
happen I'm going in completely blind as
to the whole process so yeah let's see
how this works face with you
oh my god that was so weird can you see
the red I'm not supposed to do huge
facial expressions for 24 hours man the
traffic sucks right now like no one is
moving I'm gonna talk to you guys when I
get home I just wanted to make sure that
I captured this beauty of my hairs all
greasy and just talk to you later this
is my neck right now this is my face my
face is didn't look that bad right my
face is fine I'm going to show you my
bottom let me take the bathroom real
quick I'm going to show you my butt this
isn't a sexual thing I'm not gonna make
it to thumbnail I'm going to cover up
anything so you're not going to see
anything you're going to see just as
much as what if I was in a bikini so
this is my butt so this is that that's
happening right there that's how red
that is and then he also did one
appendix card and into all three but
that's fine this is my scar and we're
getting it reduced and hires the other
butt cheek yes yeah that's that that's
that it hurts those ones hurt okay so I
want to tell you the story
the windows open you're going to deal
with my partner smells like fish Matt
cooked fish the windows gonna be open so
you're going to hear sound effects in
the background
loud one so anyway I went they put Nami
on my face and then he put numbing cream
on both of my butt cheeks and all like
oh where my appendix scars are and he
did my face did the dermapen thing and
then he realized that he was running
late and he had two other patients to
attend to so he's like okay you're going
to sit and relax I will give you a
special face peel since you have to sit
here
it wasn't peel it was just a good face
mask thing so I was sitting there my
face mask on it took him an hour to come
back I love this guy he is great I will
always go to him but sitting in there
for an hour and during that hour I went
into this appointment being like it'll
take about an hour I kinda have to pee I
don't need to I was holding my pee for
two and a half hours it was torture and
then half hour into this serene relaxing
thing I realized the meter on my car's
about to expire because I had this thing
on my phone like my parking thing is
gonna expire I have to pee I have this
face mask on my face my pants aren't on
me I just have a little towel so I can
just mosey down the hall and go pee
there's windows to the front I wasn't
going to do it so I'm sitting there
freaking out he finally comes back in
and I could hear all he's out there that
patients were giving him a hard time
there's this one patient who's like
fighting with the receptionist and that
he was deal I could hear him try and
hurry people long and be nice and he
comes back in he goes oh my god okay I'm
sorry
back to serene and like it was clear he
had had issues so I'm not mad at him at
all the whole thing would have been fine
if I had had to paid so freakin bad but
I didn't want to tell him I had to pee
cuz like that's awkward he's working
down in that area I want to be like by
the way I'm holding liquid in so if you
push too hard it's gonna squirt out that
area like I didn't want that was weird
that would be weird I didn't want to do
that so though he goes and he works on
one side but at this point the numbing
cream has worn down significantly and
you know what that wasn't what the
annoying part was it was that I had to
pee so I'm sitting here freaking out
about my car trying to hold in my urine
while this guy's working on my butt and
then he goes on to the because my
appendix scar as I showed you in the
bathroom
that's my appendix scar guess where my
bladder is right there so he's going
hard at it
the needle and I'm sitting there be like
oh my god I'm flexing every muscle I
possibly can it was like my own internal
battle of like I planned wrong I should
have been known that would have taken
forever Rebecca is gone to this guy
she's like he takes a long time I should
have known not to park in a two-hour
spot I should have gone pee beforehand
it was just a mess but what I'm really
freaking out about is my neck cuz it
looks like I've been strangled yeah
that doesn't look good like my face I'm
fine going out like this I don't really
care but it's my neck that's stressing
me out anyway that's my dermapen story
did you like it
hey it's the next morning um my neck and
my face have gone significantly better
my sides in my appendix car our sirs are
still super red
so hopefully that goes down throughout
the day don't do that but yeah so I'm
just ending up this vlog thanks for
watching that was basically just me
talking about dermapen it's not a brand
deal so that's it it's just I thought
the story was funny that I had to pee
alright I love you guys I'll see you
later I'm about to go on a hike peace
out bye
