so as you've seen someone sent me this
in my p.o box and I'm obsessed with it
because it's for 16 and older so I'm
gonna do a little bit now that go to the
gym and try and finish it tonight I'm
very excited I've never had a lego this
intense that you had to be 16 years or
older to play with it I almost kind of
fit in that age range where it's kind of
socially acceptable for me to be doing
this I'm very excited I finally finished
it took me three different pant changes
and a lot of different time sitting down
to finish it but I finished it look how
cool it is I feel like I'm 16 and up
I'll show you all the cool things it
does this and this oh that's not
supposed to happen I did it so Matt and
I have been sitting at home all day just
hadn't got another house I started
feeling sick because I haven't gotten
enough fresh air and moved my body
enough so we're like okay so we went out
we got a quick little tiny dinner and
then we're like okay let's just go to a
mall and walk around get some exercise
get some fresh air see some stuff
yeah we've been sitting on a couch
instance kind of a an REI just sitting
on the couch for the past hour on our
phones and Matt looks at me he goes so
we left the house to do this it's yep
yes we did
so we're gonna get off our butts and
walk around if we just you know what it
is better we got out of the house to
find it never another couch but we think
we're gonna go maybe to a steak house
and get a second dinner we eat two
dinners it's just what we do hey guys
it's story time this vlog is a mess but
it doesn't matter because my story time
is a great time so I tweeted today that
the worker at habit told me that since
she became a Vee
and her jizz tastes better I'm going to
further explain that tweet cuz I I I was
debating if I should I was like whatever
cuz it's not that long of a story it's
not that interesting but that was a
funny tweet but then my cousin texted me
and was like all of my roommates and I
are discussing your tweet and we need to
know what happened so I told Hammond and
I sided I'm just gonna tell you guys so
if you saw my tweet you're probably
pretty confused as am i I'm so confused
this isn't gonna explain anything it's
just furthering the tweet so I went to
have it and they have a new salad called
the superfood salad and on top of it is
quinoa and it's kale and all this good
for you things so I ordered it no big
deal and I got it and there was no
quinoa on top I was like at whatever
okay I just went back up I was like hey
you forgot my quinoa can you just give
me a cup of it first of all none of the
workers knew what quinoa was god bless
you Matthew
so none of the workers knew what quinoa
was I was like quinoa and like the for
the what I was like on the sow they're
supposed to be quinoa I had to be like
it's the rice looking stuff that's
grainy and dirty and they were like oh
oh yeah we don't know what that is I
think it's supposed to be on the salad
and I've gotten the salad there before
and it came with Queen quinoa so clearly
some of the chef's know about it and or
the cooks and some of them don't
so they had to go back and explain it
and then another lady worker came up to
me she's probably like early 20s and she
was like oh I recently became vegan so
I'd be pissed too if they they didn't
put my quinoa on because that's what I
live off up and I was like yeah it's
good stuff
like why'd you become vegan she's a god
I just animal products didn't agree with
me also going in yeah don't eat them and
also dude do you have more energy now
cuz I heard that when you become vegan
yeah I'm rich as a Chow I have a lot
more energy it's way easy and as she
leaned in closer to a sandbag my jizz
tastes better I was like oh great good
for you I was so awkward I just was not
expecting this stranger who's working at
a food establishment to tell me that her
 juice tastes better since she
stopped eating animal products I was
like oh good for you girl she's like
yeah sorry if I make a little too blunt
I was like no you're
mine cuz what am I supposed to do be
like yeah you're being too blunt let me
talk to your manager
no I didn't know what to do this chick
just told me that her discharged tastes
better
oh my god what is in your discharge why
are you doing that why are you do see
you before what it barely was bad and
why are you doing it now and it's better
I don't get it but I I was actually I
thought it was funny I wasn't grossed
out or anything I was just confused and
amazed that those words came out of her
mouth that also that she called Jess but
then I got my quinoa sat back down told
master and he was like what oh yeah
that's the thing that was it that's what
happened I love have it I don't know
that was weird right I just thought it
was funny so I guess if she's gonna tell
anyone I guess it's me cuz I don't care
I guess i give a laid-back attitude
I just want my quinoa man so it's so
freakin quinoa anyway that's my story I
hope you enjoyed it I'm gonna close out
this vlog I haven't even started editing
it yet I don't even know what's on this
so I hope you enjoyed whatever was this
okay I love you guys thanks for watching
uh see you tomorrow okay bye spin on
myself
come on building myself I'm killing
myself I'm marveling myself I'm feeling
myself I'm gonna let myself
