hey guys welcome to you're just staring
at me this isn't on my main channel this
is my vlog channel and I I know this
isn't a vlog but you guys sent me a
bagillion things from my birthday so I'm
doing a peel box birthday opening video
thing that dot that I maintain not oh I
have to do the intro then I can is erase
but it's not them it's not the main
channel so for Lyle how would you say
hey everybody
dun dun dun there you go oh that's our
mother since my PO Box is in Santa
Barbara my mother has been holding it
all for me what bothers what holy enough
for me and J like Rachel you need to do
it with me because I need to know what's
in every single box we're doing that and
it's not a live stream because I want to
be able to open all the boxes and for
everyone to see their stuff and not have
it be three hours long and if you guys
sent me a letter I want to read it off
the camera and then oh they say thank
you the human that makes sense yeah
great
cool I'm gonna reposition the camera so
you can see it close and then we'll
start oh all right so there's this box
and my mom thinks it's filled with
toilet paper
I kind of believe her we're gonna open
this does umma say what's wrong with him
saying this from on the front oh yeah
you know so much about a baby fly on the
side did someone send me three flights
with a favor you have a clean - she know
what I was actually running low on
toilet paper so this is a win who we get
from this is from Amazon Fulfillment
Center in there
Oh Amazon you fulfillment center always
know what I want hmm from airtec 1000
did you airtec 1000 do you want to roll
uh yeah go huh it's my push present
except I didn't push you you got cut
open to have me so thank you you're
welcome
thank you for and I got your body over
that I think we're even I think we are -
I don't forget you anything else elope
from Hong Kong whoa nope that knife
makes me so nervous to me I told her to
go get me a knife and she was back with
this thing you can't see her she's not
afraid anymore but she's freaking out
I'm in a smaller knife I don't need a
smaller knife mom oh I
I've read the note first animal products
meat and meat products swine curd dried
point zero four kilograms all these
literally all it says is its from is
Hong Kong so Hong Kong has sent me
something oh there's another note ok
read first give you're lucky their name
is T oh like oh she's a 13 year old girl
from Hong Kong I told you say from Hong
Kong their local Hong Kong snacks and
hopefully they're not expired yet Wow
her penmanship is phenomenal look at the
penmanship Wow yeah that's good today's
our X from Hong Kong oh they look like a
lot of dried thanks Dexter
oh is this gum looks like it I'm gonna
do a whole video of eating this
I don't need next row energy what's this
boom Pickett squid Bailey what a fish
you know I've never tried cuttlefish I'm
not gonna knock it till I try it dry
fish fillet you know I'm actually gonna
try all these things live very OC week
dude I totally eat this even before and
it's delicious
I'm gonna eat this stuff I'm sure it's
delicious thank you so much teeth your
13 year old girl from Hong Kong I didn't
even know anyone in Hong Kong watched me
that's amazing Oh some new things every
day which one mom woo Boston cookies oh
oh yeah Allisyn Boston oh you're a cutie
sending me a Patriots football hi hey Oh
poop teeth stop Python would win hey you
yeah okay oh what mom wants me to do
this one no sorry if any of your
addresses show you didn't want them to
welcome to the life of a youtuber good
there's a lot now I'm gonna be stressing
about that the rest of the video the
whole your dresses are showing Olivia
Luis I got angry poop it done a poop
emoji it's an angry poop which is so
fitting
oh is this a well decor the Wheldon
horns they're emojis you can put on your
wall that's epic
I love oh I dropped it oh I got a little
birthday card thank you
Olivia's in the fifth grade and she's
turning 11 she has the same birthday as
me happy belated birthday that's so nice
which one now mom this one yeah I'm not
gonna hit you
Oh
hey that's so cool from gia thank you so
much you're so artistic thank you
alright I'm doing this one
Scott fired fired bird Scott bird merde
hey your first Verbier bird Scott the
little guys that punch each other oh I
love being a kid I'm so glad I turned 25
ah I got a chant lotion my favorite
smelling low show that there ever is
also from Scott Burt
wow you are spoiling her you're spoiling
me rotten
alright this one is from Marissa Silva
does this make you more comfortable here
we go a little exacto knife amazing do
you want to go get me another knife
mother ass happy birthday this package
includes two drawings one letter one
puzzle one box of Breyer sheets one coin
sack one card one envelope one bracelet
you're adorable
oh that's why it smells so good cuz
there's bounce in here happy birthday
Rachel oh the shoe Oh Marissa yes of
course - a book score oh are you scared
- this is gonna be something else cuz
you freaked out when I graphed oh I
always forgot it starbuck cells are made
are these quarters you straight up got
me coins apple cores
haha I love you you know how difficult
my life is with laundry well you're so
amazing a puzzle I love drawing me and
Matt all of that oh oh thank you so much
more so you are very talented and very
thoughtful and very under it's a mystery
puzzle oh you don't know what it's gonna
look like do you alright this one
hi handicraft alpha from Gilligan Murphy
I know that name the weakest little
knife I've ever stayed mad you are so
satisfied with your knife image - I'm
gonna stab you
and that's cute Thank You Gilligan
that's cool I like my elephant you can
see real elephants in Africa in real
time on explored org I'm just saying I
do it and I watch dolphins to do I do a
brand deal on my blog channel no but I
love Explorer org eagles being hatched
from their eggs in the wild they don't
interfere it's so cool on our Islands
it's awesome and in Decorah Iowa and
Washington DC everywhere I'm just really
excited
well this message is brought to you call
that out I feel like you mean it cuz
you're very intrigued by this thing my
favorite pastime alright YouTube this is
from Hannah cook Oh Hannah cook so back
in the bags don't eat yellow snow keep
my mom around good just spent money to
have yellow filters I know
Trent's over there by the way Oh funny
make a cool sound when they hit it here
so my mom liked that a lot
as do I but my mom really liked that any
string you're not gonna use this in your
house are you if I get to use it on you
visit a friend Ethan Eckler where is
Ethan from Oh Ethan I'll tell you he is
from Maple Ontario Canada ah yeah I
don't know the words my friends in
Canada your friends all over the globe
mother your fancy I get it I think it's
a picture of me Stefan and Megan are my
friends in Canada thank you for their
names mother oh that's an amazing dry
mainly because the model is very
beautiful
I make her this is from custom service
zazzle.com
are these gonna be bedazzled I was happy
girls rule I wore a hat all growing up
that said girls rule across it and my
mom sneakily threw it out without
telling me it's a girls rule boys drool
no it didn't it said girls rule didn't
say boys drool that would be sexist I I
have a girl's real hat again Oh
so Raffy oh I also got a coupon wait who
sent this to me though Kamiya thank you
come here this is really cool and Hamill
knows in Florida and did you know that
sure you already knew shake it puzzle oh
it's scratch and sniff
it's scratch and sniff the puzzle you
scratch and you sip it scratch and sniff
Beach it's gonna smell like the beach
the puzzle pieces you know how does not
fishy already I want to open it ok you
can open it while I open the next one
this was from Kaylee Wilson can you she
stole my night well I want to smell the
ocean you live next to it I know we do
scratch him first which one appointed
them oh maybe it's the boss don't know
what that's my wine oh this is from this
is from Kaylee Wilson come from Kaylee
Wilson what come lay out what Empire
what where does she look well on Twitter
she's added opted underscore baller oh
that's a cool hat it says survive oh
that's a scary picture
good but it's a thought if it's on me
walking happy it it's the walking dead
there it is thank you for my hat wait
any no is reverse I need to appreciate
what's from Scott B is it the same Scott
Scott burn it just as Scott V pepper
this is will go along with the candy bar
puzzle GoPro stuff and T case I sent you
you're awesome
Scott be sick oh this is my this is the
stuff I use this old lady stuff I put it
on my face and then I'm don't look old
um that's hot I think I needed a little
give it back also got a chanted lotion
and this quiz all cereals
my gosh so free markets thank you Marcus
that is uneasy look at the bag I've got
a little engine and I can't wait to put
this together this is from the UK it
arrived by Royal Mail the cot is
singular little man Lego a basketball
eraser and he's awesome
yep bracelets are they necklaces the
bracelets right I'll logic that have
little UK things like a double-decker
bus the soldier dude and their postcards
that's awesome thank you very much Megan
O'Meara mo Mehra
Tamara yes Megan Thank You Megan you're
awesome thank you very much Megan is
super cute this is from Natalie Meyers
feel I know Natalie Meyers somehow I
think Twitter I think we're friends on
Twitter oh you did Disney letters that's
fun you give me a balloon it's a balloon
that says I'm awesome I'm gonna yeah you
vote up you're amazing you have asthma
why are you the one blowing it up you're
bragging
okay I'm here but what are your other
two wishes ah that's a good shirt I like
that shirt that's a good one Thank You
Natalie
alright this is from Danica Wes Oh women
oh you make up um oh that's fancy
yeah from Danica happy birthday Rachel
thank you very much real couch creations
handmade items just for you the necklace
it says hey everybody
that's cute I want to wear that done
that's super cute
there's fuzz on it I like that Thank You
Danica ania ania I mean yeah this is
cute Oh with all the things that
describe me but I like that
it's a bunch of puppies in a room that's
wrong
don't you like that I like that alright
who's this from don't say Kevin Kugler
again I don't know how to pronounce it
or could it be yes bad oh that is true
is my name and then pictures of me
what's sympathy no from your fans
created by underscore Rachel Bellinger
underscore on Instagram joy and Libby oh
joy and Lemmy but was it from Kevin it
wasn't from Kevin was it it was from joy
and Lemmy oh there's little notes in it
that's adorable
oh you guys are cute there's something
I'll know I'm gonna sit down and read
all these okay all right that's all the
packages but I also got so many letters
from you guys I got some from that gohan
doc come on we're gonna act like I said
that right let's get in closer shall we
all right and then taluk Ian Kaitlyn
wrap somewhere in Canada Madison will
see Britney Freya fish back open on
camera all right well since you told me
happy birthday me who's this from Megan
Thank You Megan this is from Jess this
is from Daisy
Trina the Brown family the whole family
send me something
Kareem Hagee grace Sager Kaitlyn Avila
take Adrian yeah the musical arts Paula
Oh
Thank You Paula Leah brink Oh Hannah
Alden Jenna crushed Kelly keener any
Swami Lee enough lydia rice Romo I'll
shop Bella Hinton's Amelia something
Maya Johnson Dylan Cherie cat minute
McMahon and captain man in a Cell so all
you guys wrote letters I'm gonna sit
down I'm gonna read them all but I don't
like reading out loud to the camera and
thank you everyone who sent me presents
thank you everyone who wish me happy
birthday thank you everyone who did
anything or even maybe just thought of
me thank you my mother who just signed
that she birthed me so thank you mom for
birthing me she literally just was
staying there one that's not what I did
though I just laid there so thanks mom
for laying there and having the doctors
kept me out of you but seriously thank
you everyone say we stop I loved it I
love you guys you were all awesome yeah
that was amazing I didn't think people
would actually send me all this stuff
and you guys did you made me fill up and
my mom is now handing me a picture of me
as a baby
brand-new that's me as a baby so now you
know thank you mom for helping me this
isn't my vlog channel cuz
I don't know I always hated birthday
parties when you like to sit around and
watch the birthday person open all the
presents but apparently you guys like
doing that I've always hated it so I put
on my blog channel so if you don't like
okay my mom would also like to show this
picture you're all tuckered I need to
close this out or gross you're just
gonna turn this into a video montage of
pictures on my hands I know you can I
love you guys thank you again for
everything you made my birthday feel
super super special goodbye
I'm just eating a McDonald's hamburger
as a child
