it's my birthday it's my birthday it's
my birthday I'm 25 years old
we're about to go get some waffles for
my birthday breakfast 10:15 a little
later than I'd like to start but I slept
until 9:00 so yeah so uh this one
birthday I'm so happy right now
that looks amazing I'm gonna eat it now
the waffle defeated me I ate about half
of it it's so much sugar and so much
waffle I think that this is not part of
a balanced nutritional diet I'm home not
for breakfast I just shot an ending of a
video I need to close out a video so I
did that soon we're gonna go go-kart
racing me and Matt he said that he'd
take me go-kart racing well I did that a
few years ago with Colleen on my
birthday and I loved it I think it's a
lot of fun so we're gonna do that and
then we're gonna grab lunch I think it's
CPK and then I'm actually having a party
tonight a combined party with Josh at
his and Cooling's place so that's my
plans I'm very excited
I just posted a bit my video for today I
made edible Legos that's why I just
posted and I made a typo in the title
which is so friggin annoying but I feel
that I've trained so many of you to
respond the correct way or you go um I
really don't mean to be a grammar nazi
yeah please don't get mad at me I'm just
letting you know you made a typo just
don't want to make fun of you like
you're all scared to tell me I made a
typo which is the correct response but
thank you those who were nicely informed
me of it I fixed it I've made typos
unless to videos like the titles I don't
know how I do that you think I'd learned
from my mistakes I even double check
before I posted and I was like yeah
that's how you spell edible but it
wasn't at all and the second sona's like
Rachel I was like oh dang it it's
totally not how you spell it I just have
a little mishap my brains it's my
birthday
give me a break all right so we're at
the go-kart place and I said I can strap
my GoPro to my helmet so I'm gonna try
that
yeah they give me a discount my birthday
we just finished book uh races I won in
both I am sweaty and my foot and arms
are tired
all right it's been a few hours ivory
applied makeup I've just been sitting at
home watching YouTube videos being on
Twitter just relaxing
I actually edited a little bit I worked
a little bit but there wasn't anything I
didn't like doing so whatever it was
fine we're gonna go get dinner right now
and then we're gonna head over to
Colleen and Josh's because I'm having a
party there well in mud so but first I
have to eat dinner sad news though
Colinas to work till like 9:00 tonight
and the party starts at 7:30 so it's sad
and weird and I'm sad about it him over
at my party and here's Rebecca
so having a party for a while we keep a
lot of food
we played mafia for a bit I don't have
much to show you it's just a bunch of my
aunt basically all right guys my
birthday is officially over
I had a great party was a lot of fun and
super chill I think I left around
midnight I was like it's not my birthday
anymore peace out
now I had a lot of fun at tomorrow's
vlog I'll probably do a little fashion
show I got a bunch of clothes and new
makeup so I'll do a little fashion show
next vlog show you guys alright I had a
wonderful time there were wonderful
people there I got wonderful presents it
was wonderful food
Jessica legit brought me baked ziti from
Booga de Peppo so I am very happy about
it
thank you everyone on the internet who
wish me a happy birthday I saw so many
collages videos just wonderful wool
wishes it was amazing I felt super loved
you guys are so awesome I tried to go
through for a bit when I was in-between
lunch in my party i sat on the computer
for about like an hour - just trying to
read everything and watch everything I
think I saw most of it and thank you
very very much you guys are awesome you
made me feel very special and loved all
right but I'm closing this one out I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
you were awesome gay Bay
like this
