hey guys it's the day before my birthday
it's the day before my birthday I post
this on my birthday it's my birthday
now I had to open my blog so I decided
to talk about that but I also really
like about for the fact that I spilled
pasta on my pants last night and then I
just kind of didn't clean it and now it
looks if you see it oh this is just a
great crotch shot here I'll do this so
now it just looks like I've kind of had
period I don't even know but yeah I'm
disgusting and a mess so I'm gonna go
take a shower and then change my clothes
I cleaned myself aren't you proud of me
can't clean myself fresh pants these
pants I have to roll over cuz they
genuinely go up like I can pull them up
to my boobs basically cute I know okay
so today is the day before my birthday I
want to get my tires rotated and air put
in them cuz they're those are getting a
little flat and I don't want any more
car troubles cuz that would suck I just
edited a video and then today I think
I'm gonna film two more videos I'm gonna
film a Tuesday video and then a Rachel's
room I asked Twitter do you guys want
fun videos on Thursday or Rachel's rooms
on Thursdays for just the months of
April because I'm just testing and I'm
seeing what's going on and it was pretty
split it was 40% Rachel's room and then
the rest Tuesday videos so it was it was
almost completely down the middle so I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna do two Rachel's
rooms in April and then the other two
Thursday's will be just random videos
since it was split I'm splitting it up
that's what I've decided
so this Thursday will be a fun video and
then the next Thursday it's Rachel room
then a fun video and then a Rachel's
room there's still Tuesday videos will
still be there completely that's my plan
that's what I'm doing today my arms
getting tired so I'm gonna put the
camera down goodbye
alright we're off to get my oil change
in my tires rotated because they
desperately needed
and then next time I need to get new
tires I'm thinking of getting rims I'm
going to get bigger tires and I get some
rims on that action it's out of my
system PopCap's because I've scratched
up I have caps a lot so we're getting
that everything done right now and they
said that my front tires are terrible so
next month I'm going to come back and
upgrade tires but the back tire is
really good so we're just swapping them
out and I'll be fine for a little bit
but next month I should probably get new
tires look how cool this wallace I
really like it it's like the Joker's in
Batman we did it we got the oil changed
it sounds better
I knew it needed it but we lost the
sticker that told us on the last time
when I thought real change was so I had
to go back with my bank statements and
like figure out when the oil change was
and figure out how long I've been
driving it since then I think it was
time for an oil change
I'm so good
lowdown on my life so every year for as
long as I can remember at my birthday
morning we'd wake up a bowtie huh
whoever would go with me and last year
Matt was me I hop every both look to
each other like this food is terrible
and so he was like okay next year which
is this year we're just talking to that
I happen when I start a new breakfast
tradition cuz I like waking it as early
as possible on my birthday it was like
okay I want you to make me waffles with
strawberries for breakfast that's what I
want is my birthday breakfast so we came
to the store to get strawberries and
they are out
so they had some sale on strawberry so
almost truckers are gone and it's like
11:00 p.m. the night before my birthday
so I'm so sad so Matt says that he'll
take me out to get waffles in the
morning instead of making them for me
so my birthday was almost ruined there
you get out really stressful feel like
birthdays can be very stressful good
thing all right I'm gonna have fun it's
my date it's officially my birthday then
that happened
and now I I kind of got sick I had ramen
and didn't sit well so I feel sick right
now but I mean some TV watching bad ab
recent TV watching bad AB recent TV
watching bad if drink of water I had
some tub I'll feel better to boarding
hey to you guys my birthday so I'm gonna
close this out I'll do a birthday vlog
don't blog it tomorrow this is my
birthday I'm 25 I can rent a car for a
normal price though you guys if you're
watching bye
stick
