Kylie Jenner's practically no she's no I
don't believe you
okay hi so we're on a walk right now and
Rebecca has taking us has taken us to
the fake Kardashian house I don't know
this house is used we used to be used in
shots so that people wouldn't know where
the Kardashians actually lived and now
Rebecca is spreading rumors that Kylie
wait Jenner
tiger she's pregnant teen yeah it's a
big weight oh yeah I believe this Kylie
Jenner is pregnant no I don't believe it
Kairi oh my god she's gonna be super mom
at 18 life in style
no I've been following her snapchat she
seems fine and she has cravings so she
must be pregnant or she's a human being
I hate them
oh I'm angry hi lots of time has passed
I'm at Colleen's right now we're having
a barbecue with Christopher's family and
Christopher Cory Rebecca on that
everyone here was having fun
foods done but my parents just sewed up
I didn't know they were coming
okay guys I have been a mess vlogger
this weekend I've been pretty good about
it but this weekend was just mayhem of
life so Friday I went on that hike that
you saw and then when I got home Mac had
bought me flowers
he shot my flowers and then he and I
just hung out all day on Friday
yesterday was Saturday and I went to the
family party that you saw hung out
Hannah Hart showed up there's a lot of
fun
now it's Sunday and I've got work to do
today but Matt and I are gonna go try
out this new food place that I'm excited
about so we're gonna go there and it's a
make up list a cuz I need my skin to
breathe
plot twist on the day my car won't start
so that's cool mean fun I felt with a
lot of dead batteries before in my life
and it sounds like it's a dead battery
like I try and turn it over and clicks
but the radio is going but when I lock
my car the horn sounds dull so but the
battery is like brand-new
that thing's like a year or two old so I
don't know Matt's gonna jump in if that
works that I think it's a
no the sucks like we didn't leave a
light on at all I don't know why I was
doing that it's not pulled out I don't
know
but car trouble is never fun
all right it's charging for a little bit
so I'll try and start it oh it started
it wasn't that battery okay I gotta go
get a new battery that sucks
we didn't really have no idea why my
battery's dead like nothing could good
just getting black gunk all over myself
I'm great but yeah it doesn't make any
sense nothing was left on and my battery
is pretty new I mean the cars of 2012 I
got it
in 2013 I mean it was three years Wow or
is this the car that's 2013 I got a 2012
I mean 2014 I don't remember but the car
shouldn't die like that like it takes
away my battery look great there's no
gunk or mould or whatever the crap that
stuff is like crusty stuff no that's on
it
that's sucked so we decided to get lunch
and we're just watching the car from
lunch but we don't quite know what
happened we think maybe the - the glove
compartment isn't closed all the way
because the light and there's burnt-out
so that might have been on all night we
don't know but I don't think air I don't
remember going into the glove
compartment at all yesterday I don't
know it's a mess but it was started it I
turn it off and started it a couple
times and it's working if it does it
again I think I'll get a new battery it
might have just been like a weird thing
we don't know but I'm hungry Matt's
hungry so we're getting lunch and I have
an Arnold Palmer
hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo look I'm a burger it's
called The Hangover that's a
good-looking burger you're gonna have
business that was embarrassing after
lunch our cart wouldn't starts put some
nice guys on a truck helped us jump it
and now we're going straight to Autozone
and buying a battery yay all right we
just went to Autozone and the nice young
lady gave us a new battery and installed
it for us which I don't know they
installed for you that's cool but I got
a five-time five-year warranty on it so
this one should last longer than the
last one last one only lasted like three
and a half years but now I have a new
battery and hopefully I don't keep dying
because that would suck but luckily it
happened on a Sunday when I had no plans
and we were just bopping around so we
had time to fix it that's nice okay
goodbye
alright love you guys thanks for
watching I'll talk to you later see you
tomorrow okay
