good morning everybody
how's everybody doing today I woke up in
a good mood I had a good night's sleep
maybe because I changed the sheets on my
bed I need to make my bed so it was nice
and fresh I'm just gonna start today oh
did you take a shower to finish my
videos I started yesterday and need to
film another video I think I'm gonna
switch Rachel's rooms to just random
videos for the month of April and see
how it does I think it'll be fun I'll be
definitely a challenge because I have to
think of more video ideas but I mean hey
I can do it right I'm a professional I
think I've gotten too into using
multiple cameras and like a different
electronics and getting tools and
tripods just look at my desk camera case
camera tripod tripod this whole thing
right here is just filled with GoPro
stuff and my headphones and then I'm
doing video stuff right now or real
thing I just need to learn how to clean
is that my clean it wouldn't be that big
a deal I kind of like having this much
stuff makes me feel fancy I'm like I'm
doing a good job I hope I'm doing a good
job I hope you guys like what I'm doing
boom a couple of you commented on my
bones mug christopher got me this cuz he
used to work on the show bones you guys
know that christopher used to be an
assistant to the writer on bones not
anymore
he had Bailey and then the writer strike
happened and he got laid off the same
day that Bailey was born or the day
after baby's born one of those things so
that's nice having a newborn baby and
then he was like oh now I don't have a
job when he thought he was super secure
in it and then he started working for
magic he can then he started doing
YouTube so here you go now you know cuz
bones mug come on
six in the orangie hi guys so I've
unblocked all day I've been a filming I
found a bunch of night in Phillip bunch
I filmed two videos today it's whoa it's
six and finally getting out of the house
to go get dinner we haven't decided what
we're eating it then Rosco in a Costco
because it's that time of the month
again Costco run
I need batteries from Costco honey
dinghy all right we're at BevMo we
haven't going to be a run in a really
long time our fridge is like empty and
we just haven't been doing it in a while
so we're back because our four year
anniversary is on April 1st and then my
birthday is on April 5th and Matt's
birthday is at the end of April we're
getting a bunch of really good beer so
that we have a good beer each
celebration day to drink
so we're shopping around getting the
good stuff because we're fancy okay
that's what fancy people do that buckled
in is beer
live all the places you can sit in
Costco we found a bench sling it's
squeaky but it's relaxing
oh my god
I don't know why I felt the need to sit
on everything at Costco but I did it
alright guys I'm going to bed I'll see
you in the morning yeah what's up all
wrong are way too habit and then sorry
Matt didn't press the button for the
garage so we were backed up and be open
he waited til we already back to him now
I have to sit here for an extra five
seconds
time is money sir anyway run away and
have it and afterwards we're gonna go
see a man about getting my car windows
tinted I don't know is it legal to tint
the front windows we've out been having
a debate about it we think you can tint
it a little bit but not like completely
black cuz cops are let's be able to see
your face when you're driving it's
summertime in LA we live in a very sunny
place which I love but if that car gets
real hot and if anyone sitting back
there they're getting sunburned so we
want to get the windows tinted that's
our adventure for the day no clue which
shade to pick look at this car that's
fancy so we ended up just dropping off
the car and it's just getting done today
it is illegal different the 10th the
front windshields and Matt looked it up
and it's like you won't get cited for
unless the cops in a bad mood or you are
already speeding and then he'll tack it
up on top and I've got a lead foot so
I'm bound to get pulled over for
speeding in the next couple of years so
I was just like you know just through
the back windows we don't need the front
it's supposed to make the car less hot
keeps the seats looking nicer longer so
just getting the back windows done we
don't know what to do we just dropped
off our car without any plans so we're
walking around Michael to the mall I
don't know what do we do
got an explorer
dirty water stop the dancing the two
seconds of dancing I did we got to the
ball because the guy was like Oh pick
your carpet 5:30 we drop it off at 2:00
so we're like okay there's a mall a mile
away so we walked there 20 minutes we
just got here got a juice and then they
called it's three o'clock they're like
their cars ready for pickup which we
wouldn't have walked all this way it was
gonna be done that quickly I'm not
hating cuz like yeah get my car back
sooner but yeah I'm going this way sorry
it was right into that man
but yeah we didn't have the war but they
said it would be an hour we would have
just like waited and played somewhere or
something all right we got the car back
finally and we're not allowed to roll
down the windows or wash them for three
to five days and they put this nice
little sticker on saying don't roll down
your windows and then thank you so that
was nice then because we definitely
would have forgotten oh no I'm gonna
show you my tented windows that I'm
really proud of Oh car first blue black
you can see me hello I guess you can't
really tell but it's black it's a tinted
window so now my caramel get is hot and
it's very illegal to tent the front so
we didn't don't piss your front you
don't want to get a ticket hey so it's
way later it's nighttime and clean
randomly texted me and said what you
doing and I said being boring social
media and she said come over and I said
okay that's how we communicate so I'm
headed over her house right now but
that's all I have to report hopefully
I'll remember to pick up my camera my
Coleen's
I always forget I just
chill out I feel like when I walk in the
house it just becomes like this
chill-out zone of love and happiness
love me to sound sexual it's not sexual
at all I'm gonna drive by so I did not
film while I was at Colleen's
but I am filming at edit out for some
reason I got in a line with the really
long amount of cars and not on the line
with no cars I don't know if you can see
that if I suppose not yeah no no I did
that but Mon Matt found out I was going
to caline's he's like oh you stopped by
and a note on the way home
it's like yang stuff I in and out all
the way home so that's what I'm doing I
had a lot of fun at Coleen's we just
chilled hell yeah but I'm gonna go home
I should end this I think I have enough
footage of a vlog to post this in the
morning so that's it for today I love
you guys thanks for watching see you
later yes cool bang
