hey people
yesterday was the basketball game and I
fell asleep right when I got home which
is like at 11:00 I just called him dad
was like bye so I woke up Conner early
today got some work done and then I have
to shower and get ready for the day
because my mom's gonna be here at around
11 a.m. and we're gonna go get a laser
appointment done thing we've been doing
it at the end of every month and I'd say
I still have hair here it's not going
away very well and then these pimples
won't go away either my face is having
issues um you guys want me to know about
my hair situation you don't care I'm
gonna get ready so I can hang out with
my mom
Cheers okay we're done with the lazy
thing we got that that somehow I got
suckered into getting dermapen on my
stretch marks I'm wanting to do it but
that's happening I'm never gonna stop
going to slay the place like I'm now I'm
getting my my armpits lasered off as
well this is this whole thing that we're
dull doing my mom got she's getting a
spot reduction happening on her face
next session I know hit the scar she's
getting her bullet wounds she's got a
bullet wound and she's getting it
lasered down Rebecca is forcing me at Oh
it's not even that good of a story
really good for every ten days a day
okay so we were walking to this
restaurant that closed down so we walked
over there for no reason however a guy
got stuck on the elevator his pants got
escalator
sorry let me read an escalator fancy
pants got staff shoot shoot it but then
it dragged onto his pants and Rachel
came in like a ninja and she pressed the
button so it would stop and she like
ripped his pants out so his leg didn't
get caught in it she
wasn't that epic Rebecca goes are you
stuck and he goes yeah and I was like
okay and I helped him out the escalator
that make a deal my window is open can
you tell I'm done hanging off my mother
and Rebecca at a lovely time but now I'm
going to target there is a child please
expand this to be like six years old
he's walking by himself
whoop yourself child where's your mother
anyway I am going to target because I'm
getting a bunch of video supplies
because around a few weeks ago I made a
bunch of Tuesday videos I ran out I went
through them all I went through all like
eight of them I don't know how I did
that so now I have to go to Target and
get more supplies so I can film more
videos because we don't want to run out
of videos now do we I found some ones
I'm really excited about so we're gonna
do those there's three that I'm super
super stoked about so hopefully those
goes well and like some of them are
multiple-day filming's
like the Easter Egg one that was intense
that was multiple days these ones are
multiple days but you know it's for you
guys I work for you I don't see on
target I just got the target look how
cool the clouds are did they move as
much as they do in Julian's vlogs time
to shop
I'm done at Target I got my $50 worth of
supplies now look at the clouds did they
move that time I hope so cuz I wasn't
moving so I get off the camera still and
I hadn't turned on my AC and now I'm
sliding a bus that was 2 minutes of
filming but I put it in past motion not
everyone can be supercooled cloud time
lapses all right I'm going home see you
on the flipside
all right right now I am setting up
sorry I can hear Matt's car outside he's
got like the loudest car on earth and I
just heard it and went oh he's home
anyway I'm setting up for some video
filming right now while I'm also
simultaneously doing a laundry
yeah broad product productivity product
prep I'm productive so I'm doing that
right now I'm setting up the GoPro I
like having girl pro footage now mainly
because someone sent me all of these
GoPro attachments and like I need to use
these because they will make my life
better and they have that's what I'm
doing right now Allison reapply makeup
and then film guys I'm filming a Tuesday
video right now
and it's going terribly wrong like I
thought I knew what I was doing I
thought this was going to be easy and
then it just ended up being a disaster
and things are not working out the way I
thought they would but I knew this shoot
would take several hours because I'm
like making something have to let it sit
for awhile before I can show the
finished product or whatever so I think
I'm gonna like keep trying and see if I
nail it off camera and then just bang oh
whoops forgot to turn the camera on but
really I just like don't want to keep
filming me messing up life Matt and I
ever sit in the living room in silence
and also we heard this like weird noise
like what is that and it's hailing
outside I don't know if you can see it
but I'll try to show you the other
person's roof because you can see it on
that no no can you see it yeah you can
see it kinda well white things coming
down sale it's not even that cold at all
today
and it's weird I don't know rain came
out of nowhere just be like sunny today
and it was like oh no
make my own thing that's weird get
sprinkled for a bit that's letting up
now that was a weird like 20 seconds
okay
spring California you do you guess where
I am again target back at Target and he
did a few things but also I figured out
what I did wrong in the video I was
making earlier wanting to come back for
supplies that fix my problem
so much drama I fixed the video that I
messed up on earlier I figured out a
solution I fixed it
I got that part filmed but I can't
finish this video until tomorrow because
one of those overnight things as to let
dry or whatever um so I'm just gonna let
my camera's charge and dump the footage
on my computer occasionally has happens
to minus t cards cuz i would be pissed
if something broke or something that i
couldn't use the footage happy choking I
have gooey stuff on my camera I need to
fix that
I'm a mess hmm I'm tired I'm closing
this out thank you guys for watching I
just edited some videos I'm syncing
remember on this past you guys before I
asked Twitter like you guys first then
Twitter and then the other people in the
world uh so I was thinking of maybe not
doing just for the month of April not
doing Rachel's rooms instead just doing
other fun videos so you'll still get two
videos a week they just want the both
English I'm so not awake so you'll get
two videos a week like normal except
Thursday's will be fun videos on not
Rachel's rooms cuz never noticing
there's less responses on Rachel's rooms
than Tuesday videos so I was thinking
maybe just try out and see do fun stuff
for both days I mean yeah let me know
what you guys think because I think it
might be fun yeah I'm signing out oh the
Internet's not working I just realized
that my router and modem are not on
that's nice neat okay I'm going to thank
you guys for watching I'll see you
tomorrow I love you back
