Happy Easter it is official Easter Happy
Easter
I used to have a lamb that when you
squeeze it go Happy Easter
I had it for like ten years and I cook
it in the middle of the night and it
would say it and so anytime someone says
Happy Easter in my head I got bad
because that's how I was trained for
many years that Easter happy Easter was
supposed to be said I'm about to head
out to Santa Barbara that's finishing up
getting ready I'm going with him
and my last vlog everyone was mad
because I went on a double date with
Chris for Jessica and Matt like he was
my date and I didn't specify that so
everyone's like who's a fourth person
you're with there you go now I've
specified matt is coming with me to
Santa Barbara the whole family's there
and we're gonna party it's gonna be you
know Ballinger party its we're gonna
Ballinger it up that's what we do it's
been a while that the whole family's
been together everyone's busy so I'm
really I'm really excited I'm happy I'm
I'm really happy to go let's have fun
so just got to my parents and my mom
decided that she wanted to celebrate
everyone's birthday who has a birthday
in March and or April and so I showed up
and this is here and apparently it's
just for me the kids just got here and
started the Easter egg hunt and I had no
idea was starting to take a turn for the
wire somewhere he's got all his women
you looking grew cervix
I'll give my shots come on your son's
crying by the way you find in son Bailey
watch what's your color your pink I see
a pink one some more cheese you might
look a little a little higher that but
if you have a little to your right a
little to your right a little hot you're
so good quick I love what you're wearing
get it you got the stache iou's are they
delicious I don't know how this family
gets away with giving them nuts and
candy we're cooking Matz chef I'm
sous-chef kinda why do you like my new
glasses Matt gotten for my birthday and
they ride early and you couldn't stand
keeping a secret from me so he made me
open them early I love them they're
polarized
all right food and spot foods and fully
in Scott food sensual oh look at this
kill two straws my mom thought and thus
cute little mason jars such a head start
we're gonna play games now clean
coordinated a bunch of games and now
we're gonna play them all first game
colleen has named get crackin
you see that you're lucky my dad ended
up winning with a sparkly pink now
Colleen got prizes for these games
because she's awesome so my dad has to
pick his prize now dad pick whoa look at
all that snow look at that loose what's
in there your box mine good now we're
going to play the game we play the past
two years in a row
yeah a lagging game
girls one oh you're always victorious we
just did white elephant via at eggs
choline one or this Justin Bieber and I
want to start with skip hire Matt what's
your shark tattoo is that a game to me
on my birthday my mom got me a pinata
that only I am supposed to hit a huge
rules but I'm going swing away
the only problem yes I did it I thought
I got to hit my pinata that was
difficult I noticed these days are made
of cement but I had fun hitting it and
then everyone can eat the candy inside
alright we're out walking the dogs or
not dad which way through battle way
this way for walking the doggies right
now I feel like I never play with my
parents dog I have such a dog obsession
but I never play with these dogs I don't
know why so I saw them and I had my dog
freak out so I decided I should actually
play with these dogs so and I am
I'm home from Easter we had a lot of fun
after I'd walk but walked dogs we just
like hung out we played Mafia we sat by
the bonfire for a little bit we got
pizza and then I left because I was
super tired last to tired and I'm going
tomorrow I'm going to the Celtics vs.
Clippers basketball game that's Staples
Center so I'm doing that tomorrow and I
have biggest shoot in the morning so I
was like I need to go home so I left
before everyone else but on my way home
I'm just thinking how awesome my family
is like I'm just kind of obsessed with
it like that and I were talking about it
I was just like this is they're so cool
like we all get together every year and
we do these epic things like what we
played all these ridiculous games like
most people you diesel Easter hunt my
family takes it even further the kids do
their Easter egg hunt but then the real
fun begins and I : played all these
ridiculous games we had so much fun
there was so much to do I just love my
family I love that we're all so close
and also I loved walking the dogs PS it
was Matt's first time ever walking a dog
like he knows how much I love dogs he
knows like that we're getting one soon
so he can't be like oh we go through the
dogs we play fast shoot should we take
the dogs on a walk I can't like secretly
saying these things to me as like sure
we took a dog for a walk and then I was
like wait have you ever walked the dog
before cuz I know he's never had dogs so
no good so you're like holding the leash
and he didn't know what he was doing and
it was the best thing of the whole life
my fart went wow so yeah that's a side
note but anyway I'm home now I had so
much fun I love my family they're
amazing but yeah so I'm closing this out
thank you guys so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow I love you me
so bidding crazy eyes on him with his
new baby
