good morning I just filmed a video with
Corey and I think we're gonna run to try
and make a leaf Leigh making class that
Colleen wanted to go to I have a wedgie
I picked it think my periods gonna start
today so that'll be fun
you know periods in Hawaii all is the
best time that's what we should we
should put it on my leg the slime on my
leg it made it look like a period dang
it
missed opportunities man this is why I'm
not a top youtuber I missed those
opportunities to put red slime on the
inside of my leg and make it look like I
had a period dang it
but anyway we're gonna try and make this
class I think unless Colleen's given up
on it and then we're just beaching and
pooling the rest of the day you look
great so I haven't done anything but
work today
my dad has gone in the ocean and the
pool as a turtle he saw a turtle
an inner-tube you rescued an attitude it
is super windy today you can tell by oh
my mother just those little bushes that
is tame for what it's been the rest of
the day everybody so Pete really go
doing the activities because it's all
very very windy when you go in the pool
the water sprays in your face so I'm
fine working all day I had a lot of work
to get done I'm still working
that's what it said in ten minutes nine
minutes actually know why that's what my
weather said right weather said the wind
would stop at two we're gonna do a film
it's stopping
we're gonna stop it the weather forecast
says the wind is stopping right now it's
over it's done it's not happening
anymore they gotta take some pictures
this is causing the wind this is it why
is that going why is this going when
it's this one do
oh look I got black meat in my teeth
we try to walk down the beach and I
immediately start getting pelted with
sand oh it's in my eyes I like it
the one decide wear contacts
I have the worst cramps ever and I
realized I was screaming in the lobby as
I was saying that the worst france ever
I just went we were all by the pool in
Iceland in Rome and pooped a pound coupe
but kollene is now in need of me to
video her music video for Miranda I look
great I just realized I did not freshen
up I showered my lower half but not my
top half meeting my head shower here
down anyway so I'm waiting for cleaning
them down and with chloride and we're
gonna film her music video
I was so dead last night
no goodness we got dinner and after
dinner I was like oh I kind of feel
really gross like cramps are hurting
uh-oh shave ice so I went and got a huge
thing of shave ice with coconut ice
cream in the middle of it and I downed
the whole thing in like five minutes and
then I was like yep that was a bad idea
we get back to the hotel and I just feel
like I want to vomit and I'm sweating
scum is about to come out both ends and
so had 8:30 I went to my room and I
tried to poop and nothing came out and I
tried to vomit and nothing came out and
I was just I just felt disgusting and so
I laid down in bed for about an hour
with my eyes closed and I felt like I
couldn't move my but I was awake my eyes
were closed and my body just felt just
paralyzed and Corey thought I was asleep
and he I got ready for bed in this it
easy turn off the light so I was like I
need to move I need to brush my teeth I
didn't wash my face I needed to just
drink water cuz I could feel my whole
body just being dehydrated so finally I
got up and did everything and every
movement I made made me want to vomit
even more I finally fell asleep for good
and it was just disgusting I supposed to
film last night with Colleen and I just
I failed so anyway it was my night last
night and I was not gonna pick up my
vlog camera because I did not even have
strength to barely brush my teeth anyway
I love you guys I see you bro bye
