this hair is amazing and I want to keep
it always I'm not I'm never gonna move
just cuz I want my I can't not move so
today I'm Twitter I was like what should
I do it Christopher said hang with me
and I was like okay and then he text me
as like wait were you for realize it's
just Twitter talk I was like no I'm for
real he has the day off and the kids are
with my parents so he was like I this is
the first free day I've had since I was
18 that's a lie I was exaggerating but
he doesn't add a day off in a while so
we're trying to figure out something fun
to do I want to do something epic with
his one day off before he moves to
Canada for three months so we're trying
to say something and then I'll let you
guys know what that is oh my gosh I just
got verified on Instagram wha-wha-wha
wha-wha-wha-wha and up up Wawa and a
buck instagrams
but I'm very excited I went on Instagram
I saw a little blue check mark nose like
and I like how to check a couple times
but yeah it's really real that's awesome
Thank You Instagram uh yeah so anyway
Christopher I gave him all options in
the world I was like we can go to Six
Flags we can go swimming with sharks
we can go rock climbing we can juggle
fire we can go a Magic Castle and he was
like I really wanna go see Batman vs
Superman like okay so we're gonna go see
Batman vs Superman and apparently it's
at like a dinner theater thing I don't
know he's like they serve you food it's
tough to find out more on that but
that's what I'm doing I'm leaving in a
bit to go see that but I just wanted to
party cuz I have verified
you can't see I move ahead we're gonna
go see the movie
alright this really cool place where we
can drink beer while watching movies so
I got a beer we are finished with Batman
vs Superman I hated it I hated it I
usually love those movies and I hated it
I'm not gonna give any spoilers except
for the fact that I have seen Batman's
parents die or than in here and who
should I don't know why they have the
need to explain his parents death in
every single video we all know we all
know it if you even if you haven't seen
Batman you know how his parents died
that's Mia she's ever mattered
thought she was wearing pearls they
showed that like six times and they
should already know that the best Batman
Marinette is the one with King Joffrey
in it because of the weird Game of
Thrones connection like if they just win
yeah
there was it was it was a bad movie that
feel like there's no plot I don't
understand why Batman was versus
Superman I don't get why they were
fighting each other
I don't get it
it wasn't done I'm just gonna go ahead
and say it wasn't good okay I don't want
to offend it if they thought it was good
you're welcome to have a wrong opinion
but I'm telling you I wanted it to be
good I was like okay this is a weird
premise these two guys fight oh you're
gonna have to work really hard to make
it harder and they've spent a lot of
money trying to make it work but I don't
think
it's worse did you notice how there was
like this huge action sequence and then
it would be like oh we don't have money
to do all the special effects so we're
just gonna make this screen really white
or smoky and then you can just make up
what happened and then we'll show the
person on the ground that happened
multiple times I like a good fighting
pigment
so you can choose to leave it better
than Batman and Superman fight for like
five minutes it's two and a half hour
five minutes of actual the thing with
the title
we're back from dinner now are at Chris
friend Jessica's and we're gonna play a
game that has to do with lying I don't
know anything else about it except that
I have to lie what is it oh that's a
scary man that's a very scary man
Sheriff of Nottingham yes so I like that
you guys still have Christmas pillows up
follow Allah
my Christmas oh I didn't know yeah this
is my guy this is how I'm playing he
looks fabulous we finish I came in
fourth place which is left Christopher
won hey Red Queen yeah there you go Red
Queen
I thought Jessica's gonna win the whole
time and then she just lost it up damn
it there you go you I that's true
hey so we played one game with Chris
friend Jessica and then came home it was
a lot of fun though Christopher
definitely beat us all and you had to
get things and lied and I was terrible
at lying I don't know it was a lot of
fun though Christopher and Jessica gave
really detailed a review of Batman vs
Superman if you want to check out their
blog of it I don't know what it's up
we're sorry - yup you just go look at
the subscribe to their channel and
you'll eventually see it so god that's
it I'm ending this vlog and black this
is my shirt maybe watching guys love you
and Happy Easter
tomorrow it's Eastern mom Happy Easter
or if you don't celebrate Easter happy
Sunday tomorrow enjoy your weekend love
you guys bye I can't believe I'm still
doing this all myself a month ago that
habit throws this I'm looking in my
phone I wonder Nick come on
