I just under the last vlog and I'm
starting this vlog hi so I did a shoot
today and now I'm gonna do work and then
I have a shoot tomorrow
so the timings are weird the vlogs are
weird but it's gonna keep happening are
you ready I don't okay good morning all
it's 6:30 a.m. I'm on my way to my shoot
it starts at 7:00 I'm sitting in traffic
don't have much to report but that's
just what I'm doing so I decided to let
you all know goodbye
Hey so it's lunchtime we're on break
right now we've shot two episodes and
we're shooting the third one soon I just
I don't think I told you guys I'm
hosting a cooking show on awesomeness TV
for awesomeness TV I don't know right I
can't cook and I'm the host slash judge
so that's fun I know how to eat food
which is the thing but yeah so that's
why I've been shooting I have no clue
when it's gonna be up don't know
anything about it
don't even ask and it's been a lot of
fun but I can't tell you anything else
about it I'm done I've wrapped um yes
except so it's two days it's done it's
weird being a host of something it's
it's weird having a script for life like
my vlogs and channel are just me being
an idiot as you guys know but it was a
lot of fun I had to wear dresses and
things yeah so now I am headed home
not as tired as I am yesterday because I
got an extra hour and a half of sleep
last night I was like I'm gonna go to
bed before midnight and I was out by
like 10:30 and I didn't even mean to
that's how I feel right now I really I
said I want to go home dad at this vlog
there's like no vlog footage I had
something in my throat I think I got it
out no it's still kind of there I think
it's the shell of a nut ah being the
judge on a cooking show not weird like I
can't cook but I can eat but they're
like we need a professional chef to do
the show and I was like oh I'm not a
professional chef think we need someone
that eats to do the show I was like oh I
eat okay it's done I have no clue how
it's gonna turn out it's kind of awkward
being a host judge traffic's moving when
they put my kid we don't know hey sorry
I didn't post sorry I'm on a busy street
so I didn't post vlogs on Wednesday or
Thursday I didn't have much blog footage
and I was tired so excuses and that's me
but right now I am going hiking with
Heather and Rebecca which is so random
but it's fun but we're waiting for them
to show up because those two bzees are
late yeah I'm about to go on a hike
which probably isn't the best idea
because my knees hurt a lot but they
asked and it sounded fun so I'm doing it
can I show you the scariest thing ever
that Rebecca's snapchatting it right now
we're done with her hi can we walk past
us on our way up and I didn't film it
but I'm something on the way back this
truck is just chilling up in the air and
it's got a huge crane and it's moving
massive hold and that just doesn't look
safe to me
let's go fall and murder everybody thank
you for watching this vlog it was
sporadic and over like three days four
days span sorry the week was different
than normal but we're back on track and
we'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
for watching I love you goodbye
