so this package just showed up my door
and I didn't order anything and I'm very
scared what's in it
what if someone sent me something bad so
you know thanks Matt told me to open the
package so I'm just gonna open the
package I don't know what it is got my
knife oh I can't open it one-handed hold
on its props for a video I'm gonna do
with Colleen I did order this I
completely did ordered this I just
thought I didn't so I was working and
then my friend Brittany texted me and
she's like I have the day off
want to go hiking and go to Six Flags
and I was like yes I would like to do
either and so we're going to Six Flags
Magic Mountain it we're going to get
there at like 4:00 in the afternoon and
just chill for a couple hours and have
fun I love rollercoasters and I love a
good adrenaline rush so that's what I'm
doing today I quickly finished all my
work that I had to do today and then you
know life so I'm pretty happy let's go
to Six Flags I'm gonna go on this we
just got to Six Flags it's like 3:30 in
the afternoon so we have like watch six
hours less then until 9:00 play that's
this five and a half hours we have five
and a half hours to play our first Rider
Friday showed you from the parking lot
it's cream and we're going to go on it
and I'm very excited are you excited
sort of she doesn't like this ride we
survived the first roller coaster we got
it you're such a creep don't live weird
you liked it so good but now we're just
going to explore the parking so we went
on two rides and then all the lines were
over an hour store like screw that we're
getting funnel cake so we've got funnel
cake
come on I think we're done it's
successful trip we're out we're leaving
for time I randomly I just ran into my
cousin who lives in SB we just like I
looked up and saw her and freaked out so
that was really random and fun but yeah
so I think today was a win we went on to
ride got fun okay ran into some family
and I'm done hi I'm currently ironing so
while I was at Six Flags I found out
that I have a shoot tomorrow at 7 a.m.
which means I have to wake up a 5:00
a.m. so I was not prepared for that and
they were like bring eight different
changes of clothes oh nice
and I'm like you're lucky if I have one
nice outfit so I'm like rummaging
through my closet trying to figure out
what in the world to bring or to wear
what fits me still cuz i fluctuate a lot
in my weight and sometimes one thing
will fit me one month and then it won't
the next and then it will the next month
and I just have to like trying all my
clothes like all my dresses so right now
I'm Ernie I think my errands ready for
me so oh that's hot I'm on guard myself
like I literally was put my face on this
I'm really tired so hey guys it's 6:00
a.m. and I'm off to my shoot oh it's
like an hour away it's still in LA I'm
technically in LA the shoots technically
in LA but it'll take me about an hour to
get there don't you love it yeah so I'm
off to do that Matt actually fun cute
little fact I'd wake up at 5:00 and I
was very stressed about it like not
being able to wake up because I'm really
bad about sleeping through my alarm so
Matt said till 5:00 to make sure I got
up I'm obsessed with him and then he
won't write to bed he was so tired I
love him all right I'm gonna
Oh act like I'm Pepe and heavy I'm awake
before the Sun look at the moon that's
the moon moon moon moon moon I'm going
to that traffic that's what I'm going
yes I get to get on that right now
oh my over the rainbow bluebirds fly I'm
answering my shoot but I'm early as
always so I'm hanging out my car hoping
no one sees me for a little bit I'm
gonna go up I had to stop I got
Starbucks and I feel a lot better
so I'll crash probably around lunchtime
but for now I'm fine so I got here at
7:00 it's now 2:00 I've been shooting
all day we just had a lunch break and
now I shoot one we're doing like a bunch
three episodes in one day so we shot two
enough film one more than I get to go
home I get to go home and take a nap so
that's a plus in life I get the luxury
of taking a little nap I'm done I'm done
filming it's four o'clock I'm heading
home I'm very tired
my knees hurt I have such bad knees that
I can't I'm sorry I'm complaining so
much in this video but it just it's my
complaining day let me have it
um my knees are so bad that if I stand
for a long period of time they liked it
they just start getting sore so I am
sitting which is nice now and I'm going
to head home it'll take me about an hour
15 to get home because of traffic and
then I'm just going to crash I think I
actually know I've got it post this and
then
heck I've added a Rachel's room but I
mean I'm so good I'm gonna try and take
a nap or at least don't out for like 15
20 minutes yeah okay
I'm not turn on some music to keep me
awake
okay guys I'm home I'm gonna do work and
then hopefully go sleep thank you for
watching love you BAE
