hey everybody let's have a fun weekend
together shall we it's Friday and we're
just gonna enjoy the weekend together
and be a nice happy family are you ready
cuz I am hey everybody how's your day
going mine's going pretty good I am on
my way this is so random I'm on my way
to go buy a Playstation controller and a
video game for myself matt has a
PlayStation 4 and he has this ugly black
controller and I was like I won't apply
but it's only one controller and I
looked at all of the controllers I think
the white ones are really pretty so
making him drive me to Best Buy I'm
gonna get a white controller but that's
what I'm doing right now side note my
last video was called trying an Irish
Car Bomb and I tried an Irish Car Bomb
and I had no clue that apparently that
is extremely offensive if the name of
the drink is very offensive because in
Ireland there's like the IRA I don't
know there's a lot of car bombs that
killed lots of people so I apologize I
did not know that that was a thing that
was terrible like there are Jager bombs
it's just like the name of a drink and I
was just like this is the name of drink
because it's Guinness which was why it's
Irish and it's a bomb because we drive
Bailey's in it I was a stupid American
so I truly apologize if I offended
anybody by participating in an Irish Car
Bomb and titling my video that I changed
the title of the video but sorry if I
offended any of you I didn't I was an
idiot and uh apologies sorry I won't do
it again and now it tastes gross in my
soul it wasn't yeah so sorry love you
guys let's go bye video game stuff Who
am I
bye why do I insist on leaving the house
on Saturdays look at the traffic
look at all the trap why do I do I have
the power and I abuse the power I'm
angry okay so I'm at Best Buy and online
it said it was $49.99 this controller
and here it says it's 60 $4.99 which is
too much money so I went back on the
Best Buy website and I can order it and
have it and pick it up here so I just
ordered online for $15 cheaper and in
like 10 minutes I can just go to the
register and say give it to me I think
I've had an awesome loophole but I'm not
quite sure I don't I don't know how this
is happening and I'm not not usually the
kind of person to find loopholes I think
I just found a loophole and save 15
bucks by the way did you wish for a
controller is ridiculous and I hate the
fact that I did it but that wants to
play video games with me so on I'm being
a good human and playing video games if
I did it I beat the system it's not even
happen I say 15 bucks that was nice
so if you ever invest buy any like this
is kind of expensive look on their
website and just pick it up in the exact
same store that's already in it took
about 10 minutes and I won all right now
our target because I want to get Grand
Theft Auto there's other games I'm gonna
buy on the internet cuz they're way
cheaper these games are like 60 bucks I
don't understand how people are like
gamers they spend like thousands of
dollars on games a month anyway I'm
gonna Grand Theft Auto because I feel
like that'll be a good learning game for
me I don't want Call of Duty I don't
want Diablo blood-borne until dawn
Deadpool the order I just read a bunch
of games but yeah so that's what I'm
doing
this is weird right do you guys play
video games do any of you do I feel like
my crew doesn't well whatever
so alright now I'm hanging out with my
friend Brittany and her boyfriend brews
beer at his house basically what Matt
wants to be but they have like a keg
thing here and I'm about to drink their
beer that they made themselves out of
this I'm very excited this is a good
moment for me
who car you phone that okay so uh I back
for Britney's I'm Matt and I are playing
Grand Theft Auto it's not focusing but
we're playing it I'm actually getting
the hang of it I'm not very good with
using the right joystick this one I'm
good at that one oh I pressed something
anyway so I hung around my friend
Brittany night because she texted me and
she's like I had the worst month ever
and I'm going stir-crazy I need someone
hang out with so uh we went and got
dinner and then we did adult things like
bye push up uh know what I think I'll
push pops Sour Patch Kids and whiskey oh
that's so it did and I'm home and I'm
playing Grand Theft Auto adult alright
that's it for right now
alright I'm closing this out um I played
Grand Theft Auto for way too long
yesterday like alright I'm I need to be
careful playing it now I see why gamers
are gamers I'm really bad at it but it's
it's fun to play it kind of you just
kind of zone out Matt and I switch
playing it so that's oh I'm becoming a
gamer but what if I did
that'd be weird okay so I'm signing this
out I love you guys I'll talk to you
later
bye y'all steady doing outdoors
Oh
