st. Patrick's Day
I have nothing green to wear so I put on
this little hat do you think that's good
why why do we start that why was it like
all you're not wearing green st.
Patrick's Day you get tortured
bitch bitch bitch like no other holiday
do we do that Christmas you don't have
to wear green and red Valentine's Day
you don't have to wear red Easter you
don't have to wear pastels it's just
what people do but like you don't get
punished for it
Tim Patrick says the only day that you
get punished for not wearing a color
that's just rude celebrate Patrick's Day
all in one thing
but can't whip out
I ordered it I was gonna do it I'm
stressed he's probably right
that's like really hard to chug but that
was a stout deliciousness in it that was
really good I liked that I did it
I had the bomb of the Irish that was
gonna make me drunk but it's not even at
a little bit Noah I'm currently at
Colleen's hanging out with all my
friends I came over to Colleen's because
her mom is here cuz my mom is going with
Colleen on her show this weekend so
everyone's here tonight and they're all
leaving in the morning so I decided to
come say hi to all my family so you
don't get to see them though I hope
everyone had a great st. Patrick's Day I
had a lot of fun but I'm gonna close
this out now two things before I go
though I was opening fan mail and
writing people back today and I've
decided that if you guys send me
something for my birthday I will
probably end up doing a birthday p.o box
opening video because you guys send me
awesome stuff and I want to say thank
you for it my birthday's April 5th if
you wanted to know and then I said in a
vlog earlier this week that the sign
posters would be up by now but there was
a delay on that their end and they said
that they will be up Monday so if you
were waiting for signed posters I'm
sorry
but it's not my fault I did everything
right resolve them but those should be
up Monday so those are those two things
the PIO box opening video and the
posters anyway I love you guys thanks
for watching I'll see you Monday
I hope you have a great weekend bye
