oh hey there my hairs was to be good but
it didn't it's hey how you guys doing
today choice chart every bar with me
making coffee cuz that's what it's gonna
be whether you want it or not just in a
closing thing for my last video but
opening this video you know I mean daily
routine oops
oh no broke Matt's basketball game play
anyway huh
I wanted to mute the sound Shh there we
go so I got jury duty and it said find
out on Sunday if you have to go in on
Monday and so I checked Sunday and they
were like oh check on Monday
so check Monday and it said check again
on Tuesday so it's Tuesday and so in 15
minutes I'm supposed to check the
website see if the I have to go in for
jury duty I really hope it gets excused
in tomorrow's Christopher's birthday
when I post this will be Christopher's
birthday so make sure your tell Chris
for happy birthday on Twitter or YouTube
or Instagram wherever you want and I
want to go out to dinner with him and
his family but I will be able to if I'm
stuck in jury duty I'm hoping I don't
have to go I'll probably gonna have to
go if so they'll try and like race back
for his birthday dinner I don't know
it's a mess but guess what came in the
mail today I saw this on Kylie Jenner's
snapchat and it's for pimples which
clearly I need right now and I'm very
excited to use it tonight on my face and
I was a little iffy about it and in my
friend Jenna tweeted me and she goes use
this step with breaks I tweeted about
pimples so I'm very excited oh and I
think my water is about to boil nope
making a bunch of noise but not even
boiling was that noise feel like
something's about to break I'm gonna
deal with this hold on alright it's 5:30
I'm gonna check oh I'm nervous
I don't want jury duty it's got
postponed another day so I have to check
tomorrow and see if I I have to go but
who my heart Cepeda pattern okay I can
go to Christopher's birthday and I don't
have to do jury duty I'm filming on my
phone right now because I wasn't
planning on vlogging right now I'm on my
way to the gym
so I'm on my phone ah but a lot of times
I walk aside I'm not I'm not bragging
I'm I just this is a
that's why I'm getting angry about it I
walk outside and guys will be like hey
hot stuff or they cat call me and I'm
like hi and it makes me uncomfortable I
feel scared and vulnerable and I make
Matt come down with me if I like to have
to go to the mailbox or have to just
come out in the car usually he walked me
because I hate it it's like broad it's
broad daylight nice I feel unsafe and I
was just walking outside to go get the
mail and to come into my garage and get
my car to go to the gym and these guys
honked at me and it scared me and then
they did kissy faces at me as they drove
like drove past and the honking scared
me like why do you think it's okay to do
that obviously I was fine like I they
weren't gonna get part of the car rape
me but well you don't know if they're
going to one but obviously they weren't
yeah there was a second word the honking
scared me it was unnecessary why do you
think that's okay why I'm not asking you
to do that I'm not dressed in a way that
it doesn't kind of hollow dress that's
another thing it doesn't matter how I'm
dressed
I'm not a piece of meat that you can
just scream at because you think I'm
attractive you didn't want to track if
that great thank you so much you don't
need to scream yeah honk or blow kissing
that faces at me I'm not yours
the only person that's allowed to kiss
me is Matt and my mama on the cheek I
don't know I usually don't get this
upset about it I'm like I'm hot yeah
whatever but like there comes a point
it's enough I'm done like yeah obviously
it's nice to get compliments or forgot
kind of looks at you and winks let's
find whatever but there are some times
when it's just like so uncalled for I'm
not okay with it I don't know I like I
would never do that to a guy if I saw a
hot guy I wouldn't honk at him I wasn't
like blow kissy-faces on Greg whoa get
your ass over here like I wouldn't do
that because that's not what you do I
don't know I can't imagine a gentleman
like I could never imagine my father
honking at an attractive girl on the
street one because he loves my mother
and two because that's ridiculous Matt
would never do that I can't imagine Josh
ever doing that my brother would never
do that true good humans would never do
that to another human because it's
disrespectful it is that's what it is
that's the word I'm like it's
disrespectful I'm not this thing you can
just honk at I'm not this thing that you
can just be like oh you get my dick hard
and I'm like what do you think you're
gonna gain from this if you drive by and
honk at me and I'm a my just gonna start
taking off my
shirt and touching myself me like Oh
give it to me like what the crap do you
thinks gonna happen all you do is annoy
the crap out of me and scare me for a
second because I don't know why you're
honking you know what a hunk means to me
that a crash is about to happen
so everyone prepare because the crash is
about to happen
that's where honking means honking it
it's like hey something's about to
happen
hi people on the road pay attention
because we're driving these huge metal
vehicles that could kill people pay
attention that's what a hunk means it
doesn't mean hey suck my dick because
that's not why horns were put in a car
they were not there until hawkers that
you want them to suck your penis that's
not why they were put there I think I
need you toughest yet
oh god I need to go work out I don't
know why I usually that doesn't piss me
off as much but today I just did cuz
like I don't know it just really did I
guess I'm having a bad day I'm not
having a bad day I just ripped that she
really made me angry
I think it's cuz it startled me cuz I
was going on with my day happy as could
be going to get the mail and I think the
honk startled me and then the reason
they honked that's just pissed me off
okay calm down I'm gonna go work out bye
alright guys that's it for this vlog
thanks for watching sorry I had a moment
at the end there I was just very angry
at that man alright I love you see you
later bye
