I'm making the coffee the time change
just smacked me in the face I love it
though I love this time change because
doesn't get darker till later which is
what I love
I hate when it gets dark at 5:00 now if
you're darker like seven seven thirty
which is my jam I mean summer's almost
here which means it's great and I'm very
happy that I don't have a job where I
have to wake up at 8:00 or I have to
wake up at night and I can I can wake up
at enemy okay about it for a little bit
I need to get back on track but I can
have a smooth transition which is nice
I've got stuff to do today so let's do
it
ready all right I've been out running
errands today I went and got global
stamps because some of you are in like
the UK or Canada or Australia sent me
letters and then you just sent me
straight up cash because you were like I
couldn't send you a stamp back because
it's different postage so you send up
you strict you sent me cash so I went to
the post office and I got global stamps
with your guys's cash and then I also
just went and sent my sign posters to
Spreadshirt so I'm gonna have signed
posters up for sale on my birch thing on
my website Spreadshirt miss our ballers
place or something I don't know I'll put
the link below I think I have like 100
of those that are gonna be up there so
once they're gone those are gone so if
you want the cow poster with my
signature on it you're gonna have to go
get it soon it's it should be up on an
18th of this month
so that's in the works I suggest you buy
one I'll follow anyone on Twitter who
buys one and takes picture with it done
deal
alright I'm gonna go do other things I
need to hit the gym I just put my makeup
on it's a struggle Hey so Christopher's
birthday's on March 16th which is
Wednesday and I got him a present while
back I just now wrapped it and I am
quite proud of myself
yes it's Christmas paper wrapping but
look how awesome my bow is that I made
of yarn I'm awesome
it looks really lame but I think it's
cool but I feel good about myself I'm at
Costco ha typical but Costco is doing
this new thing where they sell manure
and it stinks up the entire place the
entire Costco smells like manure Mike oh
look at this delicious food oh wait it
smells like poop I like Costco you have
a flaw and is that
screw you manure screw
you so man I figured out that if you
show up to in and out I like 11:55 11:50
at night that there's no line because
people don't start getting hungry till
midnight but today it did not work cuz a
huge line for the drive-through throw
all the way around and all the way and
then there is where you get the food
today it backfired it normally doesn't
but anyway I'm gonna get out because I'm
very very hungry and I want to eat it
all man a guy this late night in and out
trip is backfiring it's it's been 20
minutes already I just ordered I thought
I had it all figured out I thought I had
a plan a Monday night who would have
thunk it all of these other people
apparently I placed my order five
minutes ago and I haven't moved and they
just came on the speaker they're like I
can take your order as if we have moved
woman you have not made any ones food
none of us have moved in five minutes
work oh my goood they just asked if they
could take my order again this is the
second time I can I not see if the line
hasn't moved like no one has moved in
ten minutes
and they keep trying to take new
people's orders you can't come up to the
thing unless we move oh good it's gonna
be a long night for them I finally moved
I've been in line for 30 minutes so good
the longest in-and-out trip in the world
and by the world I mean just the west
coast because there's no other in and
outs anywhere other than that West Coast
this it's a mess I don't even hear
any of that is this in and out there's
two lines and a circle I think I can
take your music I'm not up there yet
because he's not up to the speaker yet
but she's like okay cool come on I get
you oh he's like I'm not up there she's
like Oh may I take your order he's like
I'm not after she and Terry triple
hearing it was like I might be screaming
at her uh this end I was really
struggling they've never struggled those
heart before in their entire life that
was 35 minutes that's how long it took
to get my food and it's gonna be
delicious so it was worth it but that
was a really long trip I got my burger
someone's over there making noise my
burger tastes good this is me saying
goodbye thank you for watching my vlog I
love you hopefully one day you'll get a
delicious in-n-out burger but you won't
have to wait 35 minutes for it that's
all on you guys tomorrow boy maybe I
need some rehab or maybe just need some
sleep got a sick obsession I'm seeing it
in my dreams I'm looking down every
alley
