hello vlog family it's Friday night and
I should get ready to go out soon my
friends are doing that annoying thing
before that night before they say like 8
o'clock and like um we don't quite know
what time it so well tell you later come
oh just give me a time do I have time to
lay in bed - I have a time to watch an
episode of keeping up with our Garrett
Kardashian's we've time added a video
you tell me how much time I have so I
can play in my life though I don't live
spontaneously accepting ok a half live
spontaneously but I also like to know
things think of I know a plane is
happening I want to know the plan I'm
just complaining I'm just being a
complainer the real reason I'm opening
this cuz I need a next day footage for
my last vlog so that's all this is and
it's past 10 seconds which is how long
the outro is so I'm good to go see you
in the next shot mask my nose mask
coming up that's coming home that's
coming home I'm so hungry he does sexy
mean he's on his way home so he'll be
here in six hours his Saturday so he's
coming home later but earlier than he
was supposed to does that make sense cuz
you're supposed to come on Wednesday and
he said not Y gonna come home in like
two weeks and now it's Saturday so it
was a week long trip which I and I
survived it
well shouldn't speak too soon still got
six hours I don't know what to do with
myself
I was working now I feel like that's I
don't know
three hours later I'm done cleaning you
Bartman come to jump in the shower and
then Matt she'll be home soon I clean it
sperm pretty good
I even shook out the rug to get all the
stuff out a lot of stuff came out I
think 16 cents worth of coins came out
and about four different rocks not
little pebbles like rocks came out and I
think I got the glass out of that spot
over there
print pride myself hi chicken sandwich
or Greek I don't know Matt back you see
you see this hi
so this morning I woke up early and did
a photo shoot with my friend Gabriel and
it's the first one I've ever had and of
course pimples Brooks just sprouted up
out of nowhere for it which was nice of
them so I did my photo shoot and I had a
lot of fun I should have those photos
the next week or so but I didn't have
been doing it I have no professional
photos all the photos I've been using
for stuff either : took of me like a
billion years ago on a little dinky
camera or Gabriel actually took them but
was my photo shoot I was it was
Colleen's photo shoot and I crashed it
and I just cropped her out of all the
pictures yes so those are the pictures
I've been using I'm really professional
but I was like it's about time I get my
own done and so I did that and I should
have filmed it but I didn't I was busy
doing faces anyway we're gonna go Matt
and I are gonna go get lunch I'm excited
I'm gonna eat food it's daylight savings
this is my favorite day of the entire
year daylight savings well we get more
sunlight yay I lost in our sleep but I
don't care because the Sun's up till 7
p.m. everywhere nope not everywhere
thanks my punch munch
alright guys at the end of this vlog
thanks for watching ladies home I'm
happy and that's it see you next time I
don't know when that'll be
Tuesday or Wednesday it's a mystery I
rhymed bye
