good morning good morning it's great to
stay up late no it's not good morning
good morning to you a little lie cuz
it's 12:30 in the afternoon
yeah it's 12:30 I woke up earlier than
this I've just been had to dig my
Rachel's room hey what's up Chang I've
been editing okay here's the thing that
that's - uh lint roller things that I
took apart and put on the ground to
remind me not to step there because a
candle fell off that and fell onto that
and broke and shattered it was was one
of these and it was white it was clear
so it shattered everywhere and this brog
is pretty shaggy and pretty deep and I
couldn't get all the glass out I tried
my vacuum sucks so I was just like step
there so that's been there for like I
want to say two weeks but I just stepped
on it but thankfully my little thingies
were there so I didn't get glass my feet
cuz that would suck I posted my Rachel's
room right now Matt's still gone
officially one day past the time he was
supposed to get back I'm dressed in all
gray because I don't give up boom and I
should do dishes my plan for today is
edit all day and clean in between each
video I edit it's a good plan right
protect it I should also shower because
my hair is greasy yeah with Disneyland
yesterday and I didn't shower yesterday
and at Disneyland it gets real gross my
neighbor's outside he's watching the
vlog I shouldn't vote for those blinds
alright I'm done I have a lot of energy
I don't know why I guess that's gonna be
a good day that my neighbors are still
out there hate that they can see through
my window my god oh my god a ticks so
for lunch I was like I bought some bread
oh there's some turkey in here it's been
there a while but I think it's fine I
don't think it was fine I feel laying in
bed for the past hour
I feel super nauseous every time I stand
up I want to throw up but the same time
I'm still hungry but the thought of
eating something makes me want to vomit
even more so I just put on Twitter
I finished Oh baby it worked I knew you
get done today so laying in bed till I
feel better
is fine I feel so gross I was so excited
when I woke up cuz I got a good night's
sleep I like I got all the energy in the
world and I clean the bathroom and I
edited like three videos and then I died
I feel fine when I lie down I feel like
it in my stomach but when I stand up I
like moves up to my throat is like mom
this is why Matt should feed me always
because I end up eating rotten food okay
so I feel better I pooped a lot I eat
some berries and I've been watching
Keeping Up with Kardashian's because I
am so far behind I haven't been keeping
up so now I'm catching up huh catching
up with my Kardashian's with okay so I
think for dinner
I want to make waffles that sounds
strange but I want to do it
Matt hates waffles when everything is
here we never eat them but I have waffle
mix I have a waffle maker and I got
strawberries mothertrucker
I wants a waffle for dinner I'm making a
waffles this cooking is cooking
probably should have done that huh look
at that beauty
second boom I did look how nice that was
getting gurus ain't got nothing on this
style I it and then I made another I'm
finally a chef this is what being bored
looks like hey it's the next day I woke
up this way it's like 5 p.m. on a Friday
I woke up this morning at 9:00 and drove
to Santa Barbara and went to the dentist
to get some final cleaning stuff done so
I'm good I'm done with the dentist for
like six months my whole face was numb
for a while but what's happened I was on
Twitter people thought I got hacked my
Twitter decidedly decidedly I was on my
computer using Twitter because my phone
was over here and I was sick that's too
far to go get so I was on Twitter I
tweeted I wanted some mashed potatoes
and so people were tweeting back like
I'll get some and some girl said that
she was gonna fly to get me some mashed
potatoes and so I was gone I went to
favorite her tweet and then somehow my
Twitter decided to retweet it it was
really weird my whole Twitter like shut
down and went back up and like the
matter of a second and I went to my page
I was like what just happened I went to
my page and then retweeted her tweet
which is fine cuz she was being nice and
it wasn't like a thing but I was like
what Twitter what are you doing so I
tweeted at her being like this retreated
itself congratulations and then people
were freaking out because I responded to
people else like screw you guys and then
I respond to another another person ever
like you've been hacked like I'm not
hacked I barely even respond to some
people because when I respond to one
person someone else gets pissed cuz I
didn't respond to them so I'm just like
if I just don't respond to anybody the
no one can get mad at me for it
and now if I respond to people everyone
just thinks it's not me cuz apparently
have a reputation of being a terrible
human being that's my whole story
but I've not hacked and I didn't get
mashed potatoes so I want mashed
potatoes I'm going out with some friends
tonight so I think I'm gonna go grab
mashed potatoes is dinner because I'm on
a soft food diet whatever that means
because the dental work I did they did
deep cleaning in my gums and because the
my gums are really sensitive so he said
you can't eat anything hard it has to be
soft food so I was like great mashed
potatoes
is life that's it I love you guys thanks
for watching bye hard I swear I do but
just not baby when it comes to you I get
so hungry when you say you love me you
know what's good for you I think you're
hot I think you're cool you're the kind
of guy
