we're in Maui now we flew over here I
didn't film didn't think you needed to
see me in the morning that's all so we
just got here
her room is not ready yet but we've
changed and who are bathing suits
murmuring go hit cool because it's only
10:30 a.m. and the sun is shining this
is my dad's second pair of glasses while
in Hawaii God come out my mom and dad
remember your conversation and I said
what dad just say and he said he said I
don't think I can't hear my mom's like
he said we got the chicken strips here
before I was like oh so stuff I didn't
need to know six I was like okay we're
really nosy our whole family we have to
know exactly what everyone's saying and
then killeen on cue goes what do we have
to know yeah yeah no it's true you don't
know the information feel out of control
and left out and confused no you want to
know what's going on at all times that's
all of us everything yeah that's our
whole family when someone's talking and
you don't know what they're saying
everybody what's what could you say
something what what Cory does not care
he doesn't care what we say
anyway I originally turned this camera
on to say that I'm done editing I just
finished that they're edited on my
lounge chair I think I'm gonna take a
dip in the pool except the Sun just went
away it was out the whole time I was
editing and then when I finished it went
away
well the same yeah because you were
doing the same thing as me so I'm gonna
take a cold dip maybe
so it's almost 5:00 and I think we're
there at 6:00 I'm starving
so I'm going know people are watching me
I'm gonna go through oh there's the gym
your friends need to eat cuz I'm hungry
and I want snake I'm so sad I just kind
of broke my camera lens a little bit I
brought it over to Colleen's room to
watch the sunset and I'm broken
it's it'll still work but it's just it's
gonna break more because of this Blake
fake
we just had a lovely dinner I had a
beacon petted Cheney pasta which I was
not expecting what special now we're
going to the ABC store or some store
like it to get stuff for the week but
also because I don't have a video for
tomorrow so I need to get stuff for a
video also I accidentally wore my comfy
slippers out of the house and not my
regular samples so I feel a little weird
you're welcome Wicky feet so we always
the store and we're all done shopping or
I got a calendar I'm making everyone
walk around so hopefully I can find a
video idea for tomorrow vacation I found
a couple things for now : got distracted
with the bikini shopping so we're just
chillin what time is it almost 8:00 I
want time to film and edit tonight if I
can keep my eyes open I woke up at 5:45
this morning I'm pretty tired but I did
sleep on the plane and then again on a
lounge chair so I got six hours today
tonight last night I don't know what
natus I'm confused
so I have a video to film with Corey but
we're so tired we're just gonna fall in
the morning I love Hawaii all my heart
and I love that it puts a better
sleeping schedule well actually makes it
worse for when you at home but here you
wake up early and go to sleep early but
then you underestimate how much time you
have a night like it's 8:30 and we are
exhausted which is weird cause it's only
8:30 but you wake up early to I don't
even know what I'm saying I'm tired
this is I'm annoying myself yeah anyway
that's all I didn't do anything in this
vlog did a whole day in Hawaii just
didn't I also don't gotta set a camera
up Cory one on a walk about an hour ago
yeah
