you know I hate figuring out what to
wear to Disneyland because when I get
there he's gonna be cold in the middle
of the day is gonna be warm and then
when I leave it's gonna be cold again
but I don't want to carry around a
jacket and all that crap so like I put
on a tank but then I put like a light
shirt over it I don't know it's a mess
I'm a mess I didn't even open this vlog
did I hey guys I'm going to steal a day
with a couple friends but hi I just
rested I just closed out last vlog for
some reason I thought that that was me
me opening this vlog but I realized that
this clips me opening this one hey I'm
the best mother in the whole world but
my mama mama mama mama mama
nope don't use a roller chair to balance
yourself because you'll fall Oh guys
trying desperately to get my vlog up
before I leave and I have to leave in
like 10-15 minutes so um I started to
make up but you know life's good I think
I'll be fine
it's got a hurry but of course I stopped
to vlog I'm on Thunder Mountain and I
didn't want throw away my icy so I'm
gonna try and hold it the whole ride
that's gonna end terribly
I didn't waste $3 pull-up I'm currently
in line for automation and it's broken
down and we're still along the same way
I've heard that joke a time already
anyway this is the second ride that I
that's broken down on us and it's
pissing me off I'm gonna count how many
times I hear this stupid voice it's
moving I lied it started moving but not
for a good reason I've heard the voice
10 times now just 11 I made it on the
ride I'm just waiting for it to break
down on me on it
nope that ride was not worth the wait
you can't really see me I'm on Indiana
Jones right now and it's broken down
we're just chillin here's the scary
people haven't moved in a while so I
think we're moving again Frank we
stopped again just so you know we
stopped again I'll keep you updated that
was the worst Indiana Jones experience
ever happy were stopped right at the
ball which is the scariest part of my
entire life
I ducked my head apparently when we went
through and the ball to even trough come
on I'm home from Disney Disney was a
mess I had a lot of fun but every ride
seemed to have a problem either like the
line said it would it was 20 minutes but
actually there being like an hour or the
rides was shut down right before we got
to the front or in one of them is
someone puked right in front of like the
line loading zone so people I believe
Ahmet and I'd be like shut down the ride
for a bit and black rides were breaking
while we were on them Disney was a mess
visit foam I'm talking Disney was a mess
a lot of fun but I've never seen them
like that it was also really busy and
was a Wednesday which is weird but I'm
home now I'm exhausted I'm gonna eat
some berries okay I'm taking Instagram
pics wrap them I know these people I
would cry I really shouldn't eat one
Kakadu guys hold on I was gonna go on a
rant about Instagram but I'm not alright
so I'm gonna eat some berries and then
I'm gonna go sleep cuz I'm exhausted I
my feet hurt move Disney I try and wear
like heads or cute shoes or whatever to
Disney but I just need to break down and
wear my sneakers just wear my Nikes my
feet would love me so much more next
time I go to Disney I'm wearing my Nikes
alright I love you guys thanks for
watching I'll catch you later Disney's a
mess my hands if you
roll with us cuz we make the hipsters
fall in love when we got our hot pants
on and up and yes of course we does
