good morning it is yellow in here it is
not your white bright at all I'm gonna
open the curtains how are you guys so
today it's gonna be pretty much the same
as last vlog I got a bunch of videos to
film and work to do should I try and
make this vlog all good angles because
what I'm editing I realized that I'm
like here talking to you guys the whole
time this vlog I'm gonna make it all
good angles how about that we'll try for
that all right let's do the day it's not
about Target right now because I'm
starving as I was saying before I was
rudely interrupted by someone at the
grocery store I was starving and I
realized I had no food in the house so I
had to run stop what I was doing and run
to Target so that I can eat food so I'm
putting on the vlog camera now so ie
it's 4 p.m. which means it's past time
to caffeinate so I'm making myself some
nice tea well it's hot to you right now
I'm not make it in the iced tea I
promise cuz I want to drink hot tea the
middle of day I don't do that
I forgot my rule to have good angles I'm
failing but I'm already preparing dinner
I'm defrosting a salmon yes I eat frozen
salmon see I told you I make it iced tea
I love it I love caffeine but I stopped
drink soda and if I drink more than two
coffees a day I get super shaky so I
found that iced tea it's the perfect
middle ground where it keeps me
caffeinated but it doesn't give me the
strikes alright I'm about to shoot one
more Tuesday video and then I think I'll
be good for a while but I should
probably fill in some Rachel's rooms and
I'm filming this real quick so see ya on
the flip side losers
you're not losers I'm sorry do you guys
remember when Miley Cyrus taught us how
to do the hoedown throwdown I just
thought I'd remind all of you
I just realized I've been vlogging so
much more since Matt's gone because I'm
using you guys as my men usually he's
like just sitting in a chair doing
something and I'm like I'm gonna fill
the video now but he's like okay I'm
like okay I'm doing this now is it okay
or sometimes you just won't even respond
so I'm just doing it to you guys instead
and you guys don't respond well like you
do just kind of delayed anyway back to
listening to Miley Cyrus
Neal there we are
ah-ah-ah there this I just filmed a
Rachel's room and now I'm cooking dinner
I love how this shows as if I'm good to
see something this is an oven there's
food in it but I just realized it was
supposed to been cooking for like 15
minutes and I just realized with two
minutes left that the temperature wasn't
set high enough so I'm not dude at this
point
fly to go longer this is why I don't do
things this is a prime example of why
you just shouldn't try you should try
always try I'm sorry
unless you're trying to like murder or
rape somebody then don't try try to do
good things there it is always trying to
do this something that it's good good
dinner yeah this time to eat I don't
know if it's even done yet the broccoli
tastes good though I love big broccoli
so instead of exporting yesterday after
I ate that food I texted my sister I
said hey I know you want to hang out
with me
and she was like yeah come over so I
went over and Josh's sister Erin made a
delicious southern meal what was it corn
casserole creamed corn casserole I don't
know what it was but I want to eat all
of it Nicole inna Corey and I made a
berry crumble which means they made it
and I looked at them while they did it
and then we watched RuPaul and then we
watched Keeping Up with the Kardashians
it was a successful night with a lot of
fun
I needed some French human interaction
because I hadn't gotten in a while but I
thought I was editing this vlog so I
just started editing it and I'm closing
it out now uh I realized that I
completely failed on my angles game I
that's all about the ankles and for some
reason I just don't care you could see
me I'm still talking this is how most
people see me anyway because I'm so tall
and they're so short I'm just giving you
the real-life version of me only like my
dad saves me this way oh my god
the whole world sees me from a bad angle
anyway I'm closing this out thank you
guys for watching all right love you
guys right cheerleader
it's going down I'm yelling timber you
better move you better dance
