oh hey there I don't know I would just
wanted to start it out different than I
normally do
kiss my dad I'm about to film some
videos and we're gonna have fun ready
I'm not still going so I've entertained
myself which means I'm doing more work
than normal which is a good thing I
should always be doing more work than
normal I've been blaring music all day I
am setting up for it will be posted by
the time I'm making an edible play dough
and I'm gonna eat it I just have to
throw my face on and then we will could
be creating magic it's not magic its
science
well I firmly believe that science is
magic I just finished my video and
actually I tasted the playdough in my
reaction with genuine it's disgusting it
doesn't taste bad it's the texture it's
like you don't want to eat something
that's like this I don't know but it was
a lot of fun to make and I was actually
very surprised I made it but I'm gonna
clean this up put the footage on my
computer and then set up for another
video so I posted my boy this morning it
was titled Matt left me and I look sat
in it because he really did leave me he
left but he's coming back if you guys
watch the blog you know that like in the
first 4 seconds I say it Matt left me
and then immediately after I go haha
clickbait I know its clickbait everyone
gets so mad at clickbait because they
don't like being tricked or whatever but
everyone does it and I feel like my
vlogs I haven't done clickbait in a
really long time I thought it's funny
the comments have to people are mad at
me and half people thought it was
hilarious
thanks for saying it was hilarious cuz I
thought it was funny I would be evil if
I said it and then didn't address the
fact that I clicked baited you all it
was hilarious
I'm funny but now I'm responding to my
comment I like responding to the
comments on my vlog channel because I
feel like people there if you watch both
my main and my vlog channel you're a
little cooler than the rest of the
people sorry no sorry so I like talking
people on my vlog channel I think that's
like a thing he was funny
I am very amused right now sorry it's
sad or upset Matt did not leave me did
not break up with me
he just left my existence for 4 days but
I'm gonna finish talking to all these
people and then I'm gonna film another
video I actually stopped the cleanup
look at that
just a mess right there and I don't want
to clean up any of it but thirty minutes
later and karma just kicked my butt so I
did the clickbait video as I just talked
about I'm responding to kids I changed
the title to Matt left me and in
parentheses not really so that you know
people wouldn't keep freaking out and I
tweeted about it and then Matt text me
he's supposed to get home Wednesday and
he texted me and he's like because he's
doing t-shirts and he's like something
went wrong I think I won't be home for
like two weeks
Oh four-day trip just turn it I think
it's gonna be nine days karma was like
ah you think you're funny
second Wow Karma's real and it will get
you the world's on your guys inside not
mine oh so I've changed my shirt and I'm
about to film another video I was really
so upset but the man thing but it was my
fault anyway so I'm about to do another
video okay I'm young and that's had it I
got the bust I can addicts I'm in the
Christian Dior's there's so much on my
backpack I got a white B at home I wish
she what she can have it filled up with
my C she said I work in like magic okay
so I just posted an Instagram picture
never notes like you're clearly bored
Rachel cuz I like to definitely put a
little effort into taking yeah it's like
you have bored
shut up but now I'm about to set up for
another video I just ate a little
chicken broccoli of rice and now it's
another video this whole vlog is just me
doing some stupid thing and then filming
and then doing stupid alien filming at
my myself st I make myself I see like
three times a day that's how I have so
much energy
okay time to go work I've gotten so used
to Matt making me all of my food I'm
sound like a brat but I forget to eat
and it's like 8:00 and I haven't eaten
anything since noon I was in the middle
of work and I started my I start getting
a headache it was like what's going on
and I realize I haven't put food my body
in awhile I grabbed two handfuls of
almonds and decided I didn't have time
to make food or go to the grocery store
and get food to make it so I'm I don't
know I'm feeling real evolved in and out
for the next couple of weeks which is
not a bad thing I like it a lot yeah I
was very so sufficient before merit came
along and I can feed myself when I was
fine but I just got very used to every
like three hours him being like hey eat
this and it's like some healthy filling
delicious thing
okay if you say so my bad
this right here this is where it's at
Matt doesn't need to feed me ever again
I just eat this for every single meal
it's been an hour since I edited some
stuff and now I'm gonna go to the gym so
I need to get out of the house and see
other human being I just bumped a craft
thing that I did for a video I can't
show you yet but I have a really awesome
craft thing that's happening give me
glass block did you see it
I'm gonna jump what yeah did you see it
there was like no none of you are gonna
try and see that it's so lame anyway I'm
gonna get dressed and hit the gym so
talk to y'all later
what if someone never had seen
headphones before in their life and you
said put these on your head do you think
that there is even 1% chance that they
put them on like this I need to end this
I'm tired it's midnight
