so Matt left me but he'll be back on
Wednesday haha yeah so Matt actually did
leave he went to go visit his family and
do some work where he is from so I'm by
myself for like four days so I'm not at
yep adieu I don't know I like having a
buddy to always do stuff with today I'm
going over to my sisters because she's
having a family party she's currently
still suffering from kidney stones but
before the kidney stone thing happened
texted all of us a few days ago and I
was like hey I haven't seen any of you
in a really long time everyone come over
this party of we're all again and then
she got kidney stones it's gonna be a
party of my family having fun and clean
being an agony in the corner which is
great so I'm about to go there bringing
my swimsuit cuz she has the pool even
though it's raining today that's my
favorite swimming in the rain I'm
swimming in the rain I'm swimmin in the
rain what a glorious feeling ah be again
I don't know if those are the actual
lyrics at all all right I'm going bye
mommy decided to kind of Starbucks with
me so we're gonna go nice to you she's
just getting ice apparently she gets an
extra cup of ice to put in her iced tea
because there's not enough pies
originally and the best thing ever
yeah it's my mom Spratly doing a brand
deal with Starbucks no I can't can I
just say that you you were not here to
witness Colleen trying to burn my entire
body oh it was all it was a conspiracy
she conspired to do something that she
knew would affect me in a negative way
aka scar me pillow so she's mean she
tried to score me all right she tried to
score me she supposed to make me where I
wasn't attractive to all the other
ladies out there it didn't work
the next morning I had a lot of fun at
coolies I hung out with the family went
in the hot tub at one point and cleaned
about a little fire pit thing so that
was cute
we just chill I think it was there too
like 11:30
I got there - I spent my entire day at
Colleen's it was just so relaxing
but I'm gonna take a shower and then
I've got nothing to do today so I've
decided I'm going to film as many videos
as I possibly can so I have to go to
Target got a bunch of supplies because
I'm gonna do crafts I'm gonna do cooking
I'm gonna do experiments so I'm super
excited so I'm gonna go to Target and
get a bunch of crap and I'll bring you
guys with me then when I get home I'll
edit this and post it but you can come
with me for the first half this is the
weirdest shopping I've ever done at
Target my basket is full of the most
random thing I've been like every
section that baby section the craft
section of an improvement section now
I'm going to the food section your Tube
videos are strange
are they not ooh a stuffed toy section
just like one of the weirdest trips
Target so ever taken I just put my hand
here and it's there's something grease
do you see the grease glistening off of
my hand
that's disgusting I was gonna be like
cool last thing this it's my house it's
my apartment I should put this so I'm
gonna close this out that you guys are
watching I love you see you later
I hate blowing my nose so I'm always
just sniffling and it's really
attractive right wake up in the morning
feeling like P glasses out the door I'm
gonna hit this city
French receive with
