good-morrow my children what does that
mean does that mean good morning I don't
know what that means I assume it just
means like yo what's up but I don't
speak that language of old oh I didn't
realize that there was tape keeping
these things together
I don't remember me doing that okay I'm
walking away from things that I'm
breaking in this house well that's a
crappy apartment I want to move
yesterday there's a homeless man
sleeping in front of the in the grass in
front of the gate to get to the laundry
and I want to do the laundry I don't
want to wake them up okay that's it I've
opened this vlog hopefully it reminds me
to keep blogging I'm terrible let's pick
something wrong on my head does everyone
have these whispies that just like never
quit they never grow and I never do with
what you want them to do so you just
like it's a constant struggle I have so
many of them like all back here this is
wisp it's gross I think some girls shave
the back of their necks I don't feel
like I up keep that enough in order to
do that anyway well I don't know what
I'm doing actually I do I'm gonna go to
the gym and I'm gonna work on big
muscles and then I'll do other things
but I wanted to update you I'm gonna
constantly try to be trying to pick up
my camera so that I vlog there it is all
right bye
right now I'm setting up for Rachel's
room but I just realized that I have not
got any questions for it yet so while
it's set up pointless because I need to
sit down and find the questions which
takes me a while it takes me like 20
minutes to go through like Twitter
YouTube Instagram if sometimes Facebook
to find questions but
praise I pay for you guys that this is
video content anyway so that's what I'm
doing right now
boom finished my Rachel's room I found
the questions I answered them and now I
have to tear down and I have a phone
call and I think a half hour or 20
minutes and then I'm gonna go to Costco
I know you're really jealous of that and
you wish you could go to Costco every
day but only I get to go once a week I'm
here at Costco a place of lovely large
things I want that TV it's big and
pointless whoo that was fun
very dangerous you have to go
snowboarding and it's all I want to do
but I don't even think it's snowing
anywhere anymore I mean in California
I'm sure everyone on the East Coast got
real pissed at me when I said that good
morning family it's the next day so I
woke up at 9 which is not better really
it had a phone call meeting and then
later today I'm going on an audition
which I don't do randomly my you to be
has been sending me a bunch of like
auditions for web series and Hulu shows
and I'm I don't consider myself an
actress at all I'm not an actress I yell
at my camera and then that's the extent
of my life but they keep sending me
these things and they keep telling me to
go so I'm gonna go to one today just to
be like okay I did it
why not there's no reason not to so I'm
doing that I don't know him a lot he's
saying this I hate that that like I have
no rules for my channel I can say what I
want to say but when I do stuff with
other people and like it's supposed to
keep things on the DL because I'm really
bad that and it rolls for like an 18
year old girl
do I look 18 maybe if I do a middle part
here let's make me look 18 and I have no
makeup on male part get that business
going come on I used to rock this every
day of my life no makeup do I look 18 18
year-olds don't look like that anymore
18 year-olds wear less clothes clothing
that I do
I don't know I'm stressing out about it
I'm driving a traffic trying to go to my
audition and there is a bug in the car
and it is stressing me out if I wasn't
stressed I don't know I'm trying to
memorize lines and going on auditions
I've never gone on audition before the
theater in high school I knew exactly
who I was gonna see you in I knew that I
was gonna get in a place whether I was
good or bad because they needed a tall
person to play a guard or a man because
there was no tall people in theater so I
was the only tall one so they did a tall
person in any cast I was that hide that
grass there's a pocket here and it's
pissing me off
so yeah that's it I'm driving right now
my auditions in a half hour I think I've
got the lines mainly memorized I don't
know why I'm doing this to myself
I have zero clue I don't need
this they don't like this not a fan I
don't know you could tell but I have a
shaking when I get nervous I shake and
it's not a flu and I'm like holding a
script to read the lines anyway it was
they weren't very nice though so that
was really nice I can talk to you what I
can focus on me focus on me something
it is not focusing on me screw you
camera screw you
what it's just really not gonna focus
whole every track is that even better I
just I know it's not as clear as it
could be screw you anyway I'll just talk
anyway I thought I was gonna be like
terrifying and just the worst but they
were like really really really nice and
I had fun I doubt I got it but I think
it was I wasn't as bad as I thought it
would be so my nerves have calmed a
little and I'm gonna go home that's the
end of it I just got back from the gym
I'd flex for you but it was leg day and
I'm wearing pants so but yeah I'm not
gonna do anything nice today so I'm
gonna in this vlog now thanks for
watching guys my contacts are kind of
dry
I shouldn't wetting them or take them
out I love you guys thanks for watching
me
wherever you are
my
by would do it be
