well that cheat guys uh so on let me
tweet that we're doing this business I
started too early because y'all don't
know time zones hold on let me tweet
that out Boop alright I'm gonna see if
this is working you know as we do
I have zero viewers which means I don't
think it's working yet let's see yay did
they do says I have zero viewers out 21
viewers okay so I think it's working
no-one's tweeted me angry so that's fine
I'm just I'm just I decided to start
this early because I didn't want to okay
I've tweeted out you guys want to have a
live stream at 3 4 or 8 Pacific Standard
Time and then in parentheses I said that
means what time it is for me in
California and I put 8 out there just
cuz I was like I don't know maybe
randomly people wanted a date I don't
know and those were just the time slots
I had free today and I didn't actually
think anyone would pick it that
everyone's gonna pick for like you guys
usually do and then everyone was picking
8 and 8 o'clock 1 and then I got all
these tweets later pissed at me then I
hadn't started the live stream yet and I
was like excuse me it's 6 p.m. and then
I realized that you guys didn't take
into account the time zones and people
didn't actually want the live stream at
8:00 they wanted it like 6:00 or earlier
but I so but that's on you because I
gave you the PST what that meant
I explained it like there here's a map
there are time zones and this this is my
time zone this is another one sometimes
this is 1 and this is 1 America has lots
of time zones in it international people
they they already know they're like this
your time means nothing
they know that if I say eight that means
like something completely different to
them so they're onto it but you
Americans learn the time zones because I
want to cater you I give you the time
slots so that you guys know when it is
like so you guys can so that the
majority too can watch it live I give
you the options you pooped on that
option but anyway so I'm sorry this
livestream super late but I thought I
thought you guys wanted the east coast
is going to bed
the freaking internationals are asleep
and people here are like just now
finishing homework okay anyway is there
a hashtag hashtag oh yeah let's figure
out a hashtag hashtag time zones
that's our hashtag hashtag time zones
now that one's due but I don't like that
one it has to have my name in it cuz I'm
so conceited
Rachel zones hashtag Rachel zone okay
that's what it is hashtag regional zone
gosh no I stayed up that's a good thing
stay up watch me I feel bad I think what
happening what's happening is I feel bad
that I've made you all stay up or wake
up super early to watch this but I tried
I tried gave you guys the option of what
time and you're all mad at me now
okay the hashtag is Rachel zone that's
cuz I'm conceited hey all right
what time is it in Rachel's up right now
it's seven forty seven and I was bored
and I just wanted to start the
livestream early so I started at like 20
minutes early but whatever it doesn't
matter I'm in my little room and I've
got my pillow desk set up so the
computer will constantly sliding towards
me and I will constantly bouncing it and
maneuvering it I know that's so annoying
but you know oh and also everyone's like
it's 11 o'clock in New York I have to go
to sleep I don't think I've ever gone to
sleep at 11 o'clock unless I was very
very sick
Oh even when I was in school and I had
to wake up at 7 or 6 or whatever yeah I
fell asleep like 1 midnight sometimes if
it was a good day so
I don't understand that it's not at all
only 255 people are watching this
because you're all asleep this was a
terrible idea uh okay so I'm just gonna
go on Twitter see what you guys I got a
vein happening or is that just a shadow
is that a vein or a shot I think it's
both I have a vein right here but it's
emphasized by this shadow that's
happening um I hate and I'm just saying
I hear Scott ice cream on my new
sweatpants please pray for me I pray I
pray for you those that I screamed I'm
in prayed for the ice cream the fact
that I'll never get into your mouth
because you were sloppy I feel bad for
the ice cream it will never serve its
purpose when are you getting a dog when
I get a house and I trying but it's a
lot of work to do that but I want to rub
it around Weiler and not just one even
though I should only get one I actually
just I want to I want to the goal but
I'm gonna start with one but maybe I
start with 2 uh I ordered my book first
YouTube shirt yeah if you guys don't
know I have merch um I got t-shirts and
sweatshirts and one of them says but
first YouTube I like that one
um I was thinking about making new merch
but you guys should send me designs or
not designs but ideas I mean you can
send me the dot designs if you want but
if you don't see my ideas I don't know
what you guys want on t-shirts and stuff
no no I'm not your brain I don't know
things so you gotta tell me what's on
your mind communicate your feelings and
whatnot that's what they tell you to do
right what color do you see the jacket
as this is a dress in my tomorrows
Rachel's room on my other channel but
it's blue and white and I think if
you've seen my Twitter you know I'm very
strong in that opinion it's not an
opinion it's a fact but it's okay if you
see the other colors okay get mad at
people unless they get mad at me first
calling Ballinger do
I still have ten more minutes to do my
homework
do your homework you can I'll help you
with your homework send me your homework
problems and I'll solve them not
correctly but they'll be solves can I
have your cow onesie it's not mine
it's Colleen's actually she weren't her
no Josh wore in their engagement photos
I just wore it in one of my Inklings
photo shoots that I just hopped into I
need to have a photo shoot I mean I get
some new pictures you guys know this I
have like zero pictures no headshots my
icons have all been the same since I
started this business like how how long
ago did I start YouTube I don't even
know 2011
dunno 2012 2012
yes who doesn't well I started 2012
honestly what sports did you play in
school I did it except in college I
played flag football but when I was in
school in high school I didn't play
Annie and then I was home-schooled and I
played sports then but I didn't really I
wasn't technically in school
Lupul you aren't my brain no Natalie
Meyers I am NOT your brain even though I
tell you how to think a lot what do you
guys want to do right now we should play
a game I want to solve all of your
homeworks for you so how about that send
me all of your math problems I'll solve
everything I'm not that good a science
but I can try I'm terrible with other
languages but I'll act like I know how
to speak them I burped did you like it I
hope you did live streams are just like
I'm talking to myself a lot I'm just
thinking out loud it's kind of weird
like if there was something there is
something Matt's in the other room but
if he didn't know I was live-streaming I
think he just think I'm crazy I don't
know what activities to do in high
school because I'm not talented
you don't actually have to do activity
get a job there boom make money that's
your talent make money you don't need I
didn't theater I was terrible at it
I don't think I liked it that much I
just like that I hung out with my
friends that was about it
I wasn't really good at it and wasn't
talented in theater at all especially
the musicals terrible um I don't know do
something if you're not good at sports
don't do them mmm
do you have like a film class you do
what shot do woodshop that's fun mmm you
don't have to do something get a job
that's why that's my if you guys are
bored have nothing to do your
after-school activities should be a job
and making money and preparing for the
future
someone says help me oh gosh you guys
can't see that you really the first what
I forgot what that means to how to do it
though I just know that foiled when in
math means first in our outer last x
squared plus 8x plus 12 oh my gosh I
remember these but I don't know how to
do them I just remember doing them and
that I was really good at them x squared
ok so then you put you owe your joy
times u times the outer ones and then
wait that you took time I don't remember
how to do it I know that if I googled
this right now I could figure it out it
would take me that would be a terrible I
stream just be doing math but I remember
this do you guys is this what great is
this what you are you your teacher is
slacking they have they use this in 2015
and 2016 oh man I forgot how to foil I
just know what it stands for and that I
did it
I've said that like 16 times but I think
I'm just because I'm angry at myself for
not remembering how to do it
does that help you did I help that I
solve your math homework for you is the
math functional linear exponential Oh
oh no I lost it you were asking me a
math question but there were words
involved and I'm pretty bad at that
do you ship Oh demi lovato and her
boyfriend ship it they seem like they
like each other
Oh how do I convince my mom to let me
have a youtube channel I don't know be a
good kid then you get what you want
that's what I've always learned I was a
great kid got everything I wanted except
drum lessons just gonna leave at that
mom
are you good at math exponents mmm I
remember that word don't remember what
they are you know have you guys noticed
that the snapchat filters are getting a
little crazy lately and by that I mean
boring like they used to be really fun
and now it's the dog like everything
everyone's is just a dog right okay we
get it
you're a dog can we come up with a new
one please cuz I'm kids getting a little
boring and then there's always the
rainbow face that was the original that
was great but I think they could switch
it up and then they totally stole face
swap thing they freaking stole that one
I understand cuz it's good but they
stole the face swap one straight out
from Face Swap live I don't know why but
I got very angry when I saw that you
know they had they clearly had the
rights to and they were allowed to and
it made sense but I was still angry
about it I know maybe because I paid 99
cents for the app that's what pissed me
off
I've been 99 cents but I I don't like
pain brats can you help me write my
essay Oh have a conclusion at the end
and an opening statement in the
beginning and then make sure that there
are body paragraphs and say what you're
gonna say did that help at all
it's really bad in English how I got
good grades I cheated that's what no
don't cheat you know okay so I just
asked me to follow them I'll get to it
but what I hate is the update I think
I've talked about this before the update
on that you can
see anything wrong right okay the update
on the Twitter focus it used to have a
little follow button and I used to
follow people quite often because it was
really simple I just be scrolling and
I'm like oh that person schooled follow
oh that was funny follow but since
that's gone I have to go I have to click
on you and go to click on see how
difficult this is I'm trying to click
and it went with the wrong thing I have
to click on the person and then press
the follow button okay it's gonna follow
you just because you were my example and
then I'll go back and then I'll scroll
it's a whole extra two classes of a
button when earlier I could just scroll
and press follow and it be life that's
I'd like stop following people I don't
follow people anymore because of that
extra two clicks that's how lazy I am I
don't want to follow people because it
takes two extra clicks I think it's just
that when I'm scrolling I have a pace
and I like I go for it and I don't have
to click on it this is the stupidest
excuse in the entire world sorry I
should follow people more often you're
supposed to do my homework
how all right how are you supposed to my
homework if you start to read my
question and then stop I helped didn't I
I think I did I'm just reading in
silence mmm this is silent time everyone
do a problem on your homework are we
done yet did you solve it I didn't solve
it someone owed someone just told me
what time to do my livestream I don't
think they've gotten the memo that we're
doing it right now it's Matt can you do
it if you okay let's see you guys oh
there's parenthesis oh this looks like
geometry
I don't like geometry but no there's it
looks look nope it's trigonometry is
this I can't figure out what math
don't you hate that there's different
styles of math and we only use like 10%
of the math that we learn in real life
oh I can't suck alright go solve this
Oh when the parentheses there's a square
outside the parentheses you duplicate
you do the two parentheses next to each
other and then that's what you squared
next to it then don't you duplicate the
two parentheses like rewrites the same
parentheses are next to each other and
then you do the first did I just
remember this is how excited I would get
during math class when I figured
something out this is genuinely I was
the most annoying kid in class said it
if that was wrong I'm really sorry and
now I'm going even more angry that I
don't remember
that's isn't that what you do there
Oh simplify so I don't know how to
simplify the expression wait what is
simplify meaning them yeah that's what
you do that's what you know isn't that
fun
isn't that foiling not how you put it is
reversed is it reversed for you guys
what you can't see anything I need to
get off this whole foil business I think
that's how you simplified the expression
and then you put it into a longer format
of the equation you put it attitude the
it I'm really bad but let's be real I
would be the best math teacher in the
world if I actually knew what I was
talking about because I get so excited
that's what I always hated about class
about school how boring the teachers
were oh if I listen to someone who's
passionate about any something if
they're teaching me I will get into it
with him I don't care what it is I had
some dude teaching me science technology
and I was so into it I like I understood
everything cuz he was so passionate and
he like talked with so much emphasis but
if it was like normal school and the
teachers you say and when you
this data into this mech no obviously I
would be thinking about other things I
couldn't do it I mean I guess if you're
a teacher for 20 years and kids don't
care you lose that enthusiasm and that
happiness and that will to teach with
excitement but that's how you learn I'd
be a great teacher for like two days
I think I'd get burnout just like the
rest of them can you speak any French
oui oui how to go from sake that's how
you do you speak French is that it
that's my French that's it or poop in
glace nope I just make Spanish with
French I don't know I'm really bad at
foreign languages wait did I get the oil
never had to use it in real life but I
used it in the livestream take math I
win oh I'm a great teacher
I'm figured out on that by work I have
never been more proud of myself ah very
happy right now I also know the
quadratic formula which I've stated lots
of times but I'm very proud of myself
for memorizing it and I never get to use
it I don't know why I would use it no
wait I don't know when you use it I
don't I need to get off of math no one
likes math I'm your break from your
homework so I shouldn't be putting more
homework in your brain ah ah what's what
do we do you are laughing at me you
could literally see when you figure it
out foil yeah I show my expression on my
face oh all right
y equals MX plus B Y don't know is that
it
that's a quadratic formula right no yeah
that has to do with it I'm gonna make my
brain art I haven't use my brain in a
while I learned a song for the quadratic
formula yeah so did I Josh lean trash 54
days do you get to see them in 54 days
do you get to see one of them that's
nice um yeah if the quadratic formula
everyone puts it to a tune there's like
three different tunes I don't know what
mine is X is equal to negative B what is
that what's that tune my wish the monkey
chased the weasel that I knew it too
that soon I know it - the monkey chased
the weasel tune all over anyone this is
everyone says everyone in the same grade
here we all up ever I think the people
up right now are in high school yeah you
guys do math I hated geometry and it's
the worst in the world now you're all
making fun of me good job Rachel you
know eighth grade math yeah I know
eighth grade math I remember that but
also you use math in East all
eighth-grade math throughout all of high
school and then never again the hashtag
should be calmed down Rachel calm down
yourself
there's no calm down I'm entertaining or
scary help me with number 2000 no the
rest of the later less than eat I can't
even say it the less then or greater
signs use the theorem on inverse
functions to prove that F and G are
inverse functions of each other and
sketch the graph of f and G on the same
coordinate plane
no thank you I do not want to do that
because I don't understand what that is
so sorry I cannot help you with 20 those
were some big words I hated word
problems in math because you all I
needed 10% of the information they gave
you now he's like tricked you by like
putting the time in and then like how
fast he drove there but really none of
those had to do with how many melons he
wanted to buy with this much money and
then he needed also some
bananas like word problems hey did that
it took me a really long time to figure
out that I didn't need any of that other
junk just look for the problem like the
actual problem and then put it into the
thing quickly don't hate those literally
on your main channel or freshing for ten
minutes that you're on there no this is
a celebration I didn't even say why
we're doing this live stream this is
this is on my blog channel because I got
400,000 subscribers in my channel which
is cool and I'm like don't even I don't
I should vlog work I always say that I'm
just worst but thank you you four
hundred thousand of you who have decided
to put up with me cuz you're the ones
that truly love me I feel like if people
are subscribe to my blog channel that
means like they really do love me and
I'm like all about it oh thank you thank
you for putting up with this call Josh
how about I call Josh he's doing
something else probably ah am I saying
it tenth grade math so don't listen to
them it's
see I'm smart Jacobson College and he
has an 8 a.m. class and yet he's awake
for this and he's saying why Rachel why
because I just refreshed your boiling
brain powers hopefully your today in
class is math yeah women the finger guns
go out of style were they ever in styled
what do people stop doing this cuz this
is a lot of fun since it's a lot of
movement I always have to crack my
knuckles after I do it it's like felt
really lame anyway I digress
I wasn't even on anything today
aggressor I'm never mind yeah
hi Rachel what's your favorite brand of
makeup I love you um I have a mix of
makeup brands I use mac eyeliner and
then I like to have target bronzer I
don't even know it's a mess it's a mess
but it's cuz I went to a outlet makeup
shop with my sister and I was like hey
girl I don't have makeup picking out
stuff and there was like slim pickins so
it was like a bunch of different brands
that she like put all this conjunction
of makeup together that I'm supposed to
put on my face but like I think I don't
have anything of the same brand so
they're all my favorite because I use
all of them Sephora stresses me out
walking in there I'm like how am I
supposed to know which mascara is better
than the other or what foundation is
better for you like that they're all
like fooled you want this like you want
clumpy lashes is internet like their
full selves long clumpy just looks like
you didn't want to put mascara on you
put cheap mascara on oh that's they were
like what do we do with this mascara it
makes her freaking eyelashes all clumpy
they're like la well tell them that's
what it's supposed to do so they think
it's right and they're like genius I'm
onto you makeup people I see your game
let's see it ah answer me woman what is
that don't tell me what to do don't yell
at me but I'm answering you anyway
what's the name of the song you play on
the piano with kool-aid I need to know
this I don't know ask my mom I just done
that's it that's the spunk so you know I
hope that helps you ask my mommy
she'll tell you Pixy tangerine at Pixy
tangerine on Twitter
new hair color I like it I think it's
cool I didn't think I would which is
rude of me but it actually looks pretty
epic my mom texted me Oh my mommy she'll
tell me she's probably watching this
okay
my screen does your guys's never do this
like I clicked on the text message and
it's like black Russian chopsticks my
mom says it's called Russian chopsticks
thanks mommy aww that's the name of it
so I have been very helpful tonight I
have done so much this is a long
livestream oh my goodness there's 632 of
you now earlier there was oh like two
hundred something we've upped our game
people because I'm a math tutor now I
was about to be like what if I did a
video on that too right that would be
the stupidest thing in the world what's
the blue dope there's a red balloon
emoji and I said the word blue I put in
a math and then everything else left the
red balloon means I don't know what the
red balloon means in all honesty I have
no idea what it means
so you're on your own with that one oh
do you like to livestream I'm guessing
yes because you're doing it I do like
live-streaming I don't know if everyone
likes that I do it um but I do like it I
mean it's me talking to myself and
screaming at the camera for like a
half-hour hours so it's a lot of fun for
me
um but I don't know how much you guys
like it so I just do it every once in a
while or when I hit a milestone and
that's fun I think it's a fun way to
talk to you guys like it's a very quick
response I like it and then you guys can
see me go on rants as I do quite often
Rachel turn your phone upside down oh I
don't like that like this is a picture
of Josh and then we turn I can't turn it
upside down though that oak it was a
really great demonstration
by me I hope you all learned a lot I'm
really talented ah
do you like pickles yes I do I used to
not like them on my burgers but I like
to buy them cells but lately I started
liking on my burgers as well things
change
do you prefer all caps or bold font for
emphasis
well I'm when I'm texting and on Twitter
it's all caps but if I'm like writing
it's both cuz then that really grabs
your attention when I'm making less it's
bold like when I start a new session on
something I like really like list I make
list a lot I got that for my mom but I
want it bold because then you like see
oh that's the start of something oh
that's a new section help me write stuff
about a lizard for science Oh
lizards are fun I used to catch them I
would go to a high school when I was
like eight with my brother and we'd
catch lizards I was really bad at it and
they always kind of scared me but at the
same time I wanted to catch them at the
same time those scared of them and you
can pull their tails off and grow a new
one I never did it cuz I thought that
probably does hurt and makes them feel a
little self-conscious while their tails
growing but that is a defense mechanism
against birdies well it birds are smart
they'll grab them by the belly that's
all I know about lizards I don't know
what they eat frogs eat flies but it was
easy just stuff I should know this I
used to capture them and keep them as my
own they eat things and then sometimes
green but mainly gray I feel like
lizards are gray every lizard I see is
like a grayish Brown oh I hope that
helped you with your paper so there you
go I'm really good alright I'm not only
gonna be on this one I like five minutes
cuz I'm gonna go eat food ah I eat like
six meals a day just and they're not
small meals it's not like oh my just
small meals spaced them out every third
no are you like meals like massive meals
like six times a day and I'm okay with
that
vanes living I think I shouldn't have a
name for ya artist and I am attractive
what should my vain name be let's come
up with a name for my vain I could pet
it feel clear I have a next thing I
don't like people touching my neck even
myself apparently come up with a name
for my mane it should be funny nice and
gala heinous oh and there was little
veins pop out with it okay obsessed my
neck right now ah let's see if you guys
can open a vein names right you guys are
tweeting me so fast that I can't click
on anything
Vanity Fair vadet affair haha
too long of a name but it was funny
Winston I like it my Vain's name is
Winston you guys freaked out well some
of you did so there's like three of you
that means you all of you apparently
that's how I'm gonna clump you guys a
view of you freaked out because it my
last Rachel's room I threw my phone
behind my head and it went directly
behind my head and so you guys couldn't
see it fall and you all thought I did it
like some weird magic trick because I
did it right as I came up to the camera
and so you couldn't see it as it landed
cuz usually I throw it over my shoulder
I'm not throwing it right now because
falls directly here but my neighbor's
not home but so anyway I usually throw
it over my shoulder you can see it land
but I threw it just a way that like just
for a split second I covered it and it
went directly behind me and it was
magical and you all got freaked out my
Vain's name is Winston
that's how did they get there I don't
know notice my thumbs up thing like
goodnight oh I can see myself in it
that's fun yeah I got that at Target
all right I think I'm gonna close out
I've been on this for a while my
computer is fan is going crazy right now
I hope you guys enjoyed this I feel bad
for the people who tuned that it's age I
stay out a little longer I'll stay on
I'll stay on for three more minutes I'll
end it 8:20 that seems like a good
closing off time I made a gross it's
making noise just now someone just said
this is my dog it's let me a picture
their dog it was a cute dog good job
owning that thought probably thinks more
your parents than you who have that
choice in the matter
ha you ever curl your hair no cuz it
doesn't stay curly and then I just as I
said I read that there was another part
your tweet that says mine never stays
curly same girl my head it falls always
I'll curl my hair and then like five
minutes later looks like this again so
you know no point to it unless I put in
like a butt ton of hairspray but that's
annoying I don't want to do that I like
Zane the vein more oh that is cute
mmm they in the vain or Winston just
completely random Winston on new girl is
becoming my favorite character because
he's so weird and they're finally
embracing that at first they like and
now Winston's like go best ah that's all
there is to life I did I decide Jane the
veins cute but I think I like Winston
better I think that's what it is
just cuz it's so weird and no one would
know it's a vain list even me at a time
like this don't DM me that's a private
message and we're being open and honest
right now
now some innocent
of their lizards another lizard oh you
guys see that it's a lizard they're
weird
it's scurry they scurry that's what a
lizard does it's scurries ah doo doo doo
doo
someone just said bye great bye go away
I don't want you here anymore someone
just said yeah it's blue and white it
was like you guys can't see in this but
it looks like they've lightened it in
this picture cuz I feel like normally is
a little darker than that
I can't scroll it's not letting me
scroll oh now it is whoops
would you ever cut your hair like this
again I had my hair this is actually
this is longer that it has been I can
show you on myself not a picture cut my
hair cut up to here before I don't think
I'll ever do that again
it was super annoying when I wanted to
like work it was it you couldn't put it
back every day I had to blow-dry and
straighten it because it was right here
and my hair has a natural little bounce
to it so if I didn't straighten it it
would like kind of poof and look really
stupid then I couldn't put it back in a
ponytail and I don't want bangs ever
again
I didn't I like not having bangs but for
the same reason I can put all my hair up
and it gets out of my face now but when
it's super short you can't do anything
but have it there I mean I don't do much
with my hair but when I go to the gym I
want it out of my face so I wouldn't cut
it super short again for that reason
alone alright and that was my last linen
reaction I'm closing out now thank you
guys for watching thanks for subscribing
this channel I had a lot of fun hanging
out with you I hope I helped one or two
of you with homework um we should have
homework parties toast suck I never got
anything done at homework parties that
was just an excuse to hang out and then
you go at home and you actually do your
homework and it was like super late at
night cuz you're like mom I didn't look
at my friends sounds like I said I
wouldn't then you didn't anyway I love
you guys thanks for watching is thanks
for happening in my life yeah that's
just a sentence I said it I might close
out before I say more stupid stuff other
guys thanks for watching bye
