Hey so it's Friday morning it like 10
o'clock I am editing my vlog from
yesterday so I could post it and then I
have a shower and drive to Santa Barbara
because I'm going to the dentist today
I'm going to a new dentist because my
last dentist sucked like mad sucks I'm
not the only one of the thoughts so my
whole family did and go her much and
yeah I still gonna send a barber go the
dentist cuz I'm a big baby actually no
it's just easier to do things in Santa
Barbara than in LA I much rather drive
two hours to Santa Barbara to like be
chill at the dentist then do it in LA I
like sketchy man so I have to leave in
like an hour and I'm not done editing
and I have still to take shower and get
ready but I'll do things you know I've
got coffee in hand so nothing shall
defeat me
I finish was the dentist do they look
clean yet are they nice ah I have to go
back in a couple weeks because before
this cleaning
I went six months ago I went to a
different dentist and they only had time
to clean the top of my mouth so they
only clean the top this dentist cleaned
all of my teeth as you should but before
that I hadn't had a dentist appointment
in like two or three years so my mouth
is gross basically and they're like you
need so like there's parts where I got
flinch if they touch a part of my gum
like yeah you need that deep cleaner a
child like that so I have to go back in
a couple weeks and get it deep clean he
said he'll dump me and I don't feel it
would be fine actually that was one of
the best dental experiences I have ever
had in my life there were a lot of fun
there I went to a new dentist because I
hated my old one they sucked I had to
explain what a youtuber was to like for
different people in that office which
was fine they were fine it was nice but
I can't wait for the day when we don't
have to explain what youtubers are it is
a it's new and it's weird and I don't
quite know how to explain it yet like I
think I come up with these great
definitions of it and then it still
doesn't get across to people because
it's so new do you do you guys explain
it a different leg away because I know
you probably say like oh I'm watching my
favorite youtuber Rachael Ballinger yeah
I'm sure that those words come out of
your mouth often and I'm sure people ask
you what's at YouTube or I'm sure you
have to explain it can someone please
tell me how you explain it in like two
or three sentences that just captures it
all cuz I can't figure out how I'm like
I put videos on the internet and people
are like what what kind of hardwood how
do you do that how do you get paid for
it what do you do what's this like come
on man
so anyway that's all
my teeth feel cool hey son back from
saying I'm Barbara actually a lot of
time has passed it's been a few days
what I've done in the meantime I don't
know let's recap the last few days that
I didn't log it off cuz I'm the worst in
the entire world but somehow I've
reached 400,000 subscribers on this
channel hey guys thanks for joining I am
doing a livestream later after this vlog
goes up what have I done the great
jacket debate has happened I think it is
white and blue because it is and I've
publicly thought with my sister about it
but we've we've actually talked to we
she understands my view I understand her
view so we're okay with each other what
else has happened a prank called people
now people won't stop giving me their
cell phone numbers I'm not gonna do
another one those videos cuz it stress
me out but everyone was mad that I
didn't send out a thing being like I'm
calling people today send me your
numbers I wanted to do it on the
down-low so that they were genuine prank
calls so you know some people didn't
answer but that's because no no I was
calling that's okay
and then a lot of people might think
you're like um it's Tuesday at 12 Rachel
people are obviously in school okay
I filmed that on a Sunday when kids
weren't at school because I thought
about that I'm kind of not stupid and
also I didn't directly upload I was in
the livestream I had to edit it first
it's just a lot of complaining that
happened that was unnecessary
no no what else has happened I've just
made espresso and oh I did go shopping
one time I went shopping and then I ran
into the Dance Moms girls I don't know
how to say that the Dance Moms girls I
ran into them yeah that's been pretty
much my life now I'm going to edit this
and then later do a live stream and then
keep up with vlogs again I felt like
kind of a punk when I was like oh I hit
400,000 I had a milestone I haven't
posted in like five days so that's on me
I love you guys thanks for watching I
need put my coffee down so I can close
it Hey
drop this drop this
