why do I find that hilarious I don't
know why I think that's so funny to do
though it's Friday and all weekend on we
stressing about is Sunday night at Colin
to see if I have to go in for jury duty
on Monday you know how much I would sock
if I had to go in for jury duty that's
not fun so I feel like pre-film stuff in
case I get sucked into some massive case
what if it's like making a murderer part
two kind of case ah I still don't want
to do it cuz I have crap that I want to
do in my home I'm waiting for my
neighbor freakin back out so I can back
out get out of here dude I need to drive
I think the blonde chick is driving hold
on so I didn't do much yesterday
well this weekend I didn't do much this
week i clogged with Josh but we were
filming so I didn't film with my buggy
I'm really tired I can't drive and vlog
at the same time this is my bad this is
all on me and put this down
alright I'm stuck out of a really long
red light so I didn't film this weekend
much as normal you know this how I do I
had to call him for my jury summons last
night see if I would get summoned and I
figured I wouldn't and I was supposed to
get summoned in today's Monday so I
would have had to go in today which is
fine I have nothing plan today but when
I called it like ah it got switched so
you have to come in on Tuesday sorry I'm
sorry and I freaked out because I'm
doing top five live on Tuesday and so I
was like well that can't happen happen
so I called I called last night but it
was Sunday so no one answered and so I
called this morning I by you I didn't
sleep last night
I couldn't fall asleep in like three I
fell asleep for like 30 minutes and then
I woke up my cramps were like no that's
funny though that you think you can
sleep so I've been awake all night
that's fun right but anyway so I call
this morning and the guy on the phone
was like well you have to bring in the
paper with the check marked that you
can't attend by 3 p.m. today mind you
it's the jury house in Santa Barbara and
I'm in LA I was like I don't want to
drive two hours to Santa Barbara I can't
do that he was like well then you got
the fax it I was like I'm never fax
something in mind
our life why would I start now but so I
had to freak out and find up two packs
place so I'm going to FedEx because
apparently can fax things there I didn't
know people still faxed crap I don't we
just took pictures of our phones and
sent it in anyway so that's where I'm
headed right now oh I want to tell you
the story of the crazy lady on that was
it like try to attack me outside my
apartment and then stripped off her
clothes and light on the grass so once
I'm done with FedEx and not driving I'll
tell you to get that story so I got home
from FedEx and I fell asleep so that's
good
so I took a little nap even though I
hate naps but I needed to I couldn't
function oh but I wanted to tell you
guys okay so here's the story here's
lowdown here's life the other day I
tweeted that a lady tried to like attack
me outside of my apartment and then took
off her clothes and laid on the grass a
lot of you asked if I blogged it I
didn't vlog it I'll tell you guys the
story I didn't feel that it would have
been nice of me to vlog her because
clearly she had some issues but I'll
tell you guys the story so Matt and I
were driving home from the gym we're
turning into the gate to get into my
apartment like where to park my car
we're sitting at the driveway waiting
for the gay to open and we look over and
see this lady who just doesn't look all
there and she's just screaming and
cussing and something about Abraham so I
was like Matt roll up the windows cement
and I'm you know we're rolling up the
windows and we drive quickly into the
parking lot and as we get out of the car
we've noticed that she has followed us
into the gated parking lot and is just
kind of staring at us and from by
practicing light we have to go back
outside then go around a yard basically
and then go into the another gate to get
up to my apartment we were trying to get
out of the garage but I didn't want her
to stay in the garage cause I didn't
freakin want her to try and like do
something to our cars because she
clearly wasn't okay so I was like hey
are you okay do you need some help and
she was like yeah yeah I need help I
managed to start cussing that she was in
the effed up B and all these things and
I was like oh okay and I'm starting to
back out of the garage and she started
following me a little bit which is what
I wanted but I'm still scared of her I
didn't want her in my garage cuz once
the gate closed I knew that she wouldn't
figure out how to get the door open to
get out so I'm walking around the yard
thing and she
starts kind of stumbling towards me
little mortals okay you know if you're
not feeling good why don't you sit down
because there's a little brick ledge by
my place smells like why don't you just
sit down right there and she goes what
yeah and just started like stumbling
quickly towards me and Matt's like
fumbling trying to get the gate door
open so that we can get inside and he
opens up the gate
and we just kind of like push ourselves
in and slam the gate and we run up the
stairs or look over the ledge and she's
cussing and screaming and yelling at me
and then look over like I took a breath
and looked back over and she has taken
off her clothes laying in that little
grass yard thing just completely naked
and screaming and then I was like well
alright and so I called the cops I was
like hey there's this crazy lady who I
think tried to attack me and she's naked
in my front yard who come get her the
operator was laughing at me they took an
hour to get there and by the time they
got there she had already left like she
had stumbled I watched I watched her put
her clothes back on and then walk out
into the middle of the street and kind
of fall a little bit and then cross the
street I want say 30 minutes after the
cops left I hear screaming outside of my
apartment again
and she is back I looked down and she is
sitting on the brick ledge
screaming and for like five minutes and
then she starts going in and out of
consciousness so I call the cops again
and I was like listen this lady needs
help and I was watching her Rass people
as they walked by three hours later the
cops arrived and I didn't even answer my
phone when they called I was just like
really like do you think she's still
gonna be there are you guys for real it
takes you three I know it wasn't an
emergency and they probably have better
things to do and they were doing other
stuff but I'm like you can't expect her
to still be there three hours later I
don't know I was a little annoyed with
that anyway that's the whole story I
just wanted to tell you guys a story no
I didn't vlog it because I felt that
would be crossing some sort of line I
don't know what line but anyway that's
it for this vlog I know it was like a
weird vlog I just mainly wanted to tell
the story of this and that's it
so love you guys see that it be
look at
