you need to focus you little piece of
crap I'm right in front of you how hard
is that the same man that yoga I'm
vlogging today not that I have anything
exciting plan except I supposed to rain
today it's been like 90 degrees every
day for the past week and today it's
randomly gonna rain so I'm excited for
that
I like this lighting like this backlight
that's happening right now on me I'm
about to do a phone meeting and then I'm
gonna go to the gym a worker muscles you
can see that I'm laughing at myself when
I say that Oh like the call to this
phone meeting it's 12:30 it's time my
phone meeting ended it was short and
good but I'm waiting for the rain to
happen and it's just not happening
excuse me rain look it there's no rain
falling just a very dirty photo but am I
gonna go to the gym now hopefully it'll
rain when it's I'm done with the gym
it's been freaking hot now I'm excited
for the rain to happen I'll work down
I've got nice inch long
yeah and now I'm gonna go to a bakery
and get some bread because I'm on this
kick of buying bread from bakeries and
not from grocery stores cuz I don't like
any bread from grocery stores anymore
but then I have to go the grocery store
and get lots of food we're trying to eat
anymore because it makes it healthier in
Cheaper it's a lot of work I make Matt
do all the cooking I'm not the place of
wonder
so beautiful
everything here is delicious and I want
to eat it all I drove home I'm home now
it's like 6:30 and I'm going to film
Rachael's room right now cuz it's
Wednesday it has to go up Thursday time
frames they happen I finished filming
and I put all my stuff away before I
talk to you guys so I wouldn't be
talking to you while I was putting stuff
away and I want to show you something
that I have yet to talk about hold on
someone sent me a massive bag of GoPro
attachments what I have no clues from it
didn't cut was him in the Amazon box and
I got a puzzle too
there's so much stuff I don't I don't
know who sent it whoever it is thank you
let me know who you are I mean don't
still if you didn't actually said it
don't say you sent it I just I just
thank you I'm amazed and I'm gonna use
it and I'm excited there's so much crap
in here why did you do this why are you
the nicest person in the entire world I
don't deserve this
thank you though there's so much stuff
there's mounts that just so quick I
don't you know what this is but I'm
excited about it
this means I needed to do more cool
GoPro stuff what's in here I don't know
what's in here there's like a thing you
ever you are thank you so much
I truly appreciate it not many dinner
that Matt's making me
- right
