good morning hi I'm at the gym and I
have the whole place to myself today
which is lovely I woke up though I have
a bug bite on my arm see that
discoloration thing it's a huge bug bite
got a lot in here isn't it
I got football going on that TV I got my
guns pumping I got free water or
Gatorade and apples I am sick it's 9:15
new workout from the like half hour
shower
consumed everyone else is doing his core
was still asleep I laid in bed way too
long I woke up at 7:00 I was just kind
of laying in bed doing nothing for two
hours but Corey just had just started
wake up when I left the room and I heard
from anybody else I don't know what's
going on today
I know we were show today our show
points show Kaleem has a show today
so we've to leave here by one or two
student here by two we got time to do
things before the show I'm gonna go back
to work it out
I just finished in finishing and above
that beep I just finished editing my
vlog and this is my view while editing
and I don't hate it
not even a little bit everyone's down by
the pool cuz it's the first day the
sun's been out but I can actually get
tan I don't care that much about that so
I was fine getting my work done just
looking at the beauty my wrist strap is
not on and I'm dangling over the edge
does this scare some people people that
are scared of heights this not fun to
look at I like looking at it huh anyway
videos exporting then I gotta upload and
then we're leaving in 30 minutes to go
to the theater so I didn't get any pool
or Beach time today and I just did not
care which is weird I think I may be
becoming an adult ah I don't want to be
an adult but it's got a nice I'm
appreciating just relaxation at its
finest I work doesn't bug me when I get
to do it in front of a gorgeous view and
not have anyone bugged me it's nice we
are at the venue the venue of love I
actually haven't seen this show this is
her new show I have yet to see it the
screen looks different more clean and
crisp
soundtrack is done I always film a lot
of soundcheck because during the actual
performance my backstage and can't see
anything so I enjoy soundcheck the show
seems like it's super funny
obviously it's gonna be funny but like
it seems really cool I don't know but my
dad and I are on our way to Walmart
ladies so there's a Walmart over here so
we're going to Walmart okay bye it's
show time that I don't even know where
I'm sitting for the show I don't think I
can see anywhere
all right the shortest finish that was
the first time I think I've ever gone
out into an into the audience for Moran
show I mean back in the day I used to in
my comedy clubs I'd sit in the back in
the sound booth but not this is like the
first time like in a theater like for a
long time like years it was a lot of fun
so I got some pictures and some video I
liked it it's it's way better
imitating out the audience the audience
is great now I would like sneak into the
audience at every show anyway it was
amazing I loved it this show was
revamped since Western my saw and I
thought it was awesome okay now to go
back to the hotel sleep and then fly to
Maui tomorrow
