we work in yeah okay let me tweet this
out and let me see if you guys are
watching I start the hashtag right now
uh yay
Rachel boom tweeting so hashtag yay
Rachel all search that hashtag amun will
hang out and we can talk and chit chat
and who knows what else we'll do but
what is an iced tea but then I found out
that there was no ice cubes laughs how
is that even a thing how are they no ice
cubes left I don't have a fancy ice cube
maker just have a normal trays no one is
are people watching yet
76 people people are watching hey hey
hey you all are watching hee hee a wheel
a bunch of pillows as a desk so that
it's straight on with me you're not
looking at anything like down here cuz
then you guys screenshot really ugly
photos of me which is really nice you
guys so oh but now that i'm
live-streaming my computer is going
super slow which is a bundle of fun this
laptop I actually have a theory that it
hates the internet and hates everything
because my desktop and everything all
the other electronics work fine on my
internet but once this laptop gets
opened up the internet just sucks and
especially on this laptop
publish yeah just as Facebook to come
join their no you're still here all
right guys so what do you want to talk
about today what do you want to do I
didn't vlog it all this weekend how
about I start with telling you what I
did this weekend because I didn't vlog
it all so and this is the replacement
video for it which is you know not as
good but this weekend was Valentine's
weekend also known as isn't it
Presidents Day weekend it's George
Washington's birthday today so that's
why you don't most Americans have today
off of school correct me if I'm wrong in
which you will do whether I asked you or
not um but anyway this weekend right do
Saturday I kind of celebrated
Valentine's Day on Saturday because on
actual Valentine's Day which is Sunday
me and Matt went and hung out with Kelly
6 and her boyfriend and we wine tasting
and beer tasting in Santa Barbara
there's a lot of fun and then afterwards
I stopped by my parents house and I said
happy birthday to Trent because it was
Trent's birthday Trent is born on
Valentine's Day and I mom playing that
she had a c-section and planned that he
would be born on Valentine's Day because
he thought he was going to be a girl and
she thought that that would be cute but
really it's just that people won't see
him on his birthday because it's on
Valentine's Day and people want to be
with their significant other which is I
mean that's if you have a birthday on a
holiday that just sucks that always just
sucks what's the best time to have a
birthday summer middle of school near
Christmas fall spring when's the best
time to have a birthday I had like
spring mine was always close to spring
break so I could have my party on spring
break and I'm only to go to school like
twice on my birthday which was I don't
know I enjoyed that I liked the spring
birthdays it's hot but not really hot
and it just it was nice I could have an
outdoor
party I could have an indoor party
people kind of started having tans I
really liked my birthday time what it
was on Easter last year that sucked
except I think I think we handled it
pretty well by we I mean me all right
I'm going to Twitter hashtag yay Rachel
if you want to talk to me okay okay
people are stressing out there I mom
planned her c-section on Valentine's Day
yeah wait that means my mom was in
surgery on Valentine's Day I guess my
parents don't care that much about
Valentine's Day my parents actually used
to give us a little box of chocolates
for Valentine's Day
Matt made me chocolate-covered
strawberries that's why I got this year
and flowers and a card that was really
cute um all right
I'm not calling people that's just
boring it's on the vlog Channel yes it
is is it not supposed to be no this is
on the vlog Channel yes so glad you've
said that whatever your I always forget
to say people's names I love you but the
gravity falls series finale is on that's
okay you can come hang out later what I
love about livestream is you don't have
to watch them right now and you can go
on Twitter later and people can tell you
their favorite parts and you just skip
to that part of the livestream there you
go so after the livestream is done let's
do this for the people that are watching
the Grammys or the gravity falsies
series finale um after this is over
you're gonna tweet what minute in is
your favorite part of the livestream so
people can just click to that and don't
have to listen to me ramble for a half
hour and picking just clipped the funny
parts if I am funny that was desperate a
lot of pressure on me to be funny okay
my pillow desk is falling we're good now
my school at school today I'm so sorry
Lizzie that's sad
your school should not have school today
I noticed a couple Americans being
confused as to why some New Zealanders
and Europeans had school on Monday I
don't think they realized that
Presidents Day weekend or whatever
Washington's birthday is an American
thing so just so you all know what's the
hashtag I told you it's yay Rachel the
most conceited hashtag that could ever
beat oh my gosh have you guys looked at
Kanye West's
Twitter his Twitter thing is going crazy
I would I just notice that my lips look
really chapped they feel fine they just
look I just I've given up on my lips I'm
also look very greasy because I sweat a
lot I went on a walk in the Sun and it
was not good anyway was it Kanye West oh
my goodness don't worry I'm wearing
shorts I'm not naked his Twitter last
night I was driving in the car home from
Santa Barbara and I just I was in utter
shock I'm just gonna read you a couple
tweets they're all over the place even
get 50 cent tweeted like oh my gosh this
is stupid I'm never looking at this
again but he used a lot of profanity and
it was way funnier than what I just said
I was paraphrasing okay I'm gonna go is
Twitter because it's genuinely like what
in the world and that told me that
apparently he lost like his album
dropped on a website but people would
they download it it didn't work and so
like people are angry cuz album didn't
work and he's saying no he's working on
it he just sounds a crazy person
horn only problem I got with good
Fridays is I got more songs than I got
old pictures lol Thanks please tell all
my friends fans and music lovers sign up
to title now I'm pretty sure that's what
his thing is hon these are all within by
the way like it's of each other
pitchfork the album is a 30 out of 10 oh
okay
Puff Daddy is the most important
cultural figure in my life cuz influence
means everything to me
these are all within and mitad of each
other love love love white people but
you don't understand what it means to be
the great-grandson of ex-slaves and make
it
this far okay that's okay why are you
talking about that though um don't tell
me LeBron had a bad game what yo jump
shot looked like that was one minute
within the black comment or actually
saying that he loves white people we
don't get it shut the F up and enjoy the
greatness that was a minute later only
god can judge me
that was a minute later my album will
never never be on Apple that was two
minutes later it's like he's just going
crazy if you just eye my last rib
shouldn't be reading Kanye West's
Twitter but all yesterday and today he's
tweeting like once a minute and none of
them go together like I can understand
if he was on like a rant about one thing
and just kept tweeting because you only
get a certain amount of characters but
he is all over the place what one tweet
he's talking about music the next he's
talking about LeBron James the next he's
talking about white people the next he's
like I don't know I saw an interview
with him and I didn't understand
anything he was saying I think he is
pretty good at fashion I don't know
fashion so I'm sure he's good at it and
people use his record so but there's
something that's happening in his brain
right now oh my gosh wait nevermind I
was gonna talk about Amanda Bynes but
people get mad at me when I talk about
Amanda Bynes anyway
Kanye is me ass yeah okay
it just seems very ATD I don't know
thank you maybe we just don't but my
brain just doesn't understand him when
did you find out about Janelle is that
Joey and Daniel um that just come out
was that not a thing
oh I mean I don't know what I was
supposed to say that I found out never
mind we're moving on thoughts on the
Grammys I don't watch that stuff I don't
watch the Oscars on what's the Grammys
no I watch the Toni's I don't watch the
Emmys I don't watch any that's all of
them right I don't watch any of them
because I mean later I'll see who wore
what best and if anyone fell or made a
really funny speech but
I think those things are really boring
and I'm sure to get one of those is a
feeling I will never experience at it is
a true honor but let's a lot of things
are rigged and it's boring it's boring I
rather do something else like watch
Arrested Development which I've been
obsessed with right now how many might
even be on this uh it's gonna be a half
hour livestream so you get me for twenty
more minutes
I look very greasy the new look it's
okay to look greasy wait I need to ask
you guys what you want me to do for
sweaty back here right now it's pretty
sweaty I had a thing here in it fell now
it just yeah okay what do you want me to
do for Tuesday video I had a couple
ideas but then I saw other people who I
hadn't yoki and that tasted gross coming
back up oh I had a few ideas and then I
saw their youtubers do them and they're
not like trends right now so it doesn't
look like I'm just copying them but what
do you I'm going to see for Tuesday
video it's about tournament later
tonight but I have no idea what I want
to do so tell me please
that'd be nice tell me in the comments
or tweet me I'll be looking at both
what's your opinion on internet friends
long as your friends why wouldn't it why
is that an issue clearly I like the
Internet
I'm more greasy okay jack you can be
story time what story I you know I'll
tell you a story I just have to get an
idea of what story you want to hear or I
just keep talking and then it eventually
come out do a fade swap I think you mean
face Cooling's cookie do a face slap i
with who I don't know I feel like the
face swap is just snapchat filters like
I think it's it's really weird to do but
I feel like it's more fun for the person
doing it and the people who watch it I
don't know I'll probably end up doing it
eventually
wanted to do it with my mom but I ended
up doing me a 99-cent toy testing with
her instead when was the last time you
saw : I think I went to lunch with her
on Friday yes until lunch with her on
Friday I do lunch with her and
Christopher like once a week she's super
busy it's the only time she can eat no
the only time she gets to me is when
she's eating a meal and I sit down to
eat the meal with her so I Drive out to
her and Christopher and do lunch them
and we just catch up that's fun what was
your day like hot thank you for asking
Sarah co-chair I don't know how to say
anything my day was hot I woke up and I
was hot so I turned the AC on um
and then I did things I thought that my
identity had been stolen but I hadn't
and then I got some things done I have a
bunch of signed posters from tour like
you know I don't know if you guys know I
have a merch Spreadshirt I have a
spreadsheet account where I sell merch
whenever my posters on there and at my
apartment right now I have a bunch of
signed posters and I was like hmm and so
I decided that I'm gonna try and put and
send those to Spreadshirt and have them
put the sign posters up on my merch so
that people can also purchase sign
posters which I actually sign it's not
like a stamp or something I genuinely I
signed them um but I had to count them
today and I had emails for Spreadshirt
and I think I like 200 so hopefully that
can happen and hopefully you guys are
interested in that um but yeah I'm
trying to get that to happen I also want
to get new merch up but I feel like I
wanted to do is be it's like a seasonal
thing so maybe I'll have something
spring out I also need to get headshots
taken I'm just telling you guys all of
my to-do list things that's like I'm
just kind of enjoying it I'm finding all
these things I can do and it's fun um I
also walk down to a laundromat and got
quarters cuz I emailed my landlords I
was like hey the washer and dryer here
is broken cuz I've had this huge you
guys might know some of you I've had
this huge thing where my washer dryers
never work and I have this huge
hassle with it now finally mail my
landlord is like okay of course we're
gonna fix and so they fixed it and so
today I was like am i doing my laundry
in my apartment and things and things
and so I went and I got quarters from
the laundromat and then all freakin day
someone hasn't been using the washer and
dryer
like since noon when I wanted to start
watching clothes so my whole day of
wanting to do laundry is ruined
I'm the one that got that washer dryer
fixed I should be able to use it very
angry I have lots of towels and shirts
and undies and things that need to be
washed very upset I walked down to that
washer and dryer like six times to see
if it's open it's always being used
collar bones or underneath air that's
what I don't get okay we're moving on
from you hug yourself I do that on the
daily in high school I used to stand
like this a lot like I would just hold
on to like my what are those bones
called back here why can't I think it
all I can think about his collar bones
and underneath right now whatever I used
to hold over these bones and I just
stand like this and people used to
always feel like Rachael why are you
hugging yourself and I'm like I'm not
hugging fungus I'm hugging myself but
like that's not what I was doing it
wasn't like huh really sad I just need
to hug myself it was genuinely me being
like this is a comfortable place to
stand this is right here is good right
now my back's really sorry because I did
it back workout and sylva sashing it
feels good I need a massage when you
guys ever get massages like if someone
comes having massages you you didn't
even realize that you wanted a massage
the second they leave all you want is
more massage so if you had never gotten
a massage you wouldn't really have a
need for massage because you got a
massage all you want now is another
massage it's a terrible system where do
you see yourself in five years
um kind of like my dog cuz I'm I want
one
I really want a rot in a pimple I'm on
boats cuz for a while I was like I just
do one so I'll just get a Rottweiler but
every time I see a pit boards a little
pit bull but never seven zero I would
walk while up so I'm just I want to get
both but I'd start with one and then
once I figure out how to do with that
I'll get another one
but I won't get three dogs nope three
dogs there's too many dogs to have it
once burped you have Pancake Day in
America probably it's America kind of
good day for every food how do you get a
nice shave under your knee hair this is
by the same person that said collarbone
er need hit pair thing um you don't it's
always gonna suck right the knees like
the worst thing in the world the shave I
feel like I'll be in the shower with my
razor and be like the most pretty
there's a hair right there there's a
long one that's that's a long hair but I
feel like in the shower of sitting there
constantly shaving I'm like ten minutes
on one knee and I get out of shower and
it's like a hair this long just hanging
out I don't understand how it happens
and I changed my razor like two times a
month like how is that thing do and as
seen on tv products please hmm those are
hard to find but good ones that are
funny are really hard to find or I could
just stay up late and see the
infomercials form that could happen
opinion on Josh's hair
I want to see it in person I haven't
seen josh's hair yet in person I've only
seen pictures and when the after the
first died I think we all had the same
emotions as him with it and I've only
seen a few pictures since the second die
and it just it just looks like he dyed
his hair like an ombre
yeah I don't know what color it is but I
mean it's fine it's not neon color
anymore just that day was I felt bad for
him I wanted to see it in person though
I think that if he wants to go blonde he
should start with them like highlights
and then have it like do a fade into
blond and not just try all at once but I
mean it's his head we still got a cute
face so it works do you put your
catching up on the fries or on the side
ah depends where I'm eating it this is a
very important question I think everyone
should answer how do you eat your fries
with ketchup um so if I'm eating in and
out fries I pick up the fries and I have
the packet of ketchup and I squirt the
ketchup onto the fries and then it you
did it by meeting habit french fries I
usually at habit I have like the cup of
ketchup and then I dip it never do I
pour the ketchup onto the thing of fries
cuz in your hands get really gross and
dirty and then the french fries also
start to get soggy because they've had
ketchup on them for so long so I think I
figured out when like in and out you
squirt it on each time it takes a lot of
time and patience but I'm okay with it
cuz I love ketchup on french fries and
then have it ones that the thick ones
you dip it I'm glad we talked about this
guys I think everyone really needed to
know how do I eat my french fries do
what pisses me off video on Tuesday ok
but I don't have anything to really
pisses me off like I feel like I the
tiny little things I vocalize I guess I
could just emphasize on one thing
because I do get very angry what would
you guys want me to be pissed about
because I can get pissed about basically
anything in the world I feel like I've
gotten angry for different times in his
livestream already but for some reason I
can't pinpoint a thing to be angry about
in a Tuesday video you know send me what
you want me to be angry about and I
might do a pissed off video right
how'd you meet Matt College do a Q&A I'm
doing one right now I also do one every
Thursday in my to Thursday videos
Rachel's rooms I say welcome registra
Murphy Thursday I answer your questions
and for some reason people don't get
that I do a Q&A every Thursday it's it's
like in the first five seconds of the
video where I tell you that it's about
politics oh my god that's a whole video
that's like a whole series I did theirs
okay I usually don't talk about politics
because everyone has their own opinion
everyone gets angry and it's just it's a
hot-button issue but I feel like the
majority of us can agree that all of the
candidates right now that are running
for president are no I don't like any of
them I think we all know that Trump's a
joke and is there a bush running right
now yes I watched The Daily Show and The
Tonight Show and I watched a bunch of
like shows that give me the highlights
of the presidency it's it's a it's a
bunch of jokesters
I feel like growing up my parents were
always very strong towards one candidate
and there was always like it was very
respectable thing I feel like this year
everyone's just crazy and no one's fit I
mean this is my opinion everyone gonna
have your you can have your opinion it's
fine I'm just saying I feel like
everyone's crazy and we don't have good
options at all and didn't like Bernie
Sanders I don't know I think that that's
the Democrat one right I don't know much
about politics was another thing is I
don't talk much about politics because
I'm not very educated on the topic and I
feel like I shouldn't be putting my
opinion out there unless I'm educated on
it but at this point I'm educated enough
to where I'm like they're all freaking
crazy
faces like Bernie Sanders didn't he like
win some the primaries in like that and
they gave
hilary anyway and it didn't vote that
matter i feel like that the whole thing
is ridiculous to me like the fact that
Kanye West could be president tomorrow
like that everything's going crazy I
feel like it's all a joke like Donald
Trump really but it is very entertaining
makes my shows very entertaining The
Daily Show is hilarious because of it my
computer is overheating like crazy and I
think it's because on all these clothes
I'm sure you guys can hear the fan in my
computer right now also the computer
keeps is slowly inching towards me
because the pillows are on a slant would
you rather have a mouse size mat or a
mat sized Mouse why would I want a mat
size Mouse clearly it would be way more
entertaining to have mat the size of a
mouse because that's hilarious and I'd
be able to eat his food because he
wouldn't be able to eat it all so I get
more food see things work out do you
like one direction isn't Harry Styles
leaving I heard that rumor on the radio
I was like okay everyone was like
congratulating him being like oh good
for him he's making a new move new
Justin Timberlake when he left didn't
sing it's just like that what happened
what
Zayn left and everyone flipped out what
would Harry decides to leave everyone's
like oh good choice Harry good choice
he's the new Justin Timberlake but when
Zayn laughs ever was like come on why
you can't have different completely
different reactions when people leave
the exact same bands let's get real I
don't know who's a good singer I know
like is Harry a good singer I know he
was like the cute one or whatever but I
see the good I don't I thought Jane was
the best singer of all of them so how
can Harry go and have you know it I'm
about to get hated if I
keep on this subject um I haven't liked
a One Direction song since what makes
you beautiful sorry I'm not a huge fan
of them and they all just kind of seemed
like whiny babies on Twitter like once
the same thing happened I was like going
on all their Twitter's trying to find
out information and is it Louis see the
really old one with the baby he's like
ten years older than everyone else he
himself is a baby like he was just so
mad about everything and then the other
one that looks which one is it
which one's the one that obsessed with
soccer is it that one Niall he clearly
doesn't care about anything but sports
and then there's Harry who thinks he's a
photographer and his Instagram is the
most boring thing I've ever seen in my
life and there's a nose like all emo
with the tattoos and it was the other
one exactly wait is there two more is
there one more
I have no clue I clearly don't care
about One Direction sorry
do you like Zane's pillow
pillow song pillow talk wow I couldn't
read yourself I've listened to ten
seconds of it and I was bored so I
didn't think I liked it I think that
Zayn was the most attractive out of all
of them though I'll give you that one
favorite fast-food restaurant I feel
like I'm not supposed to store my feet
because I've gotten so many comments
like feet fetish people that want me to
show my feet that I feel like I'm just I
should never show my feet just weird
thing I have are you sad this is almost
over yes I am this live stream is ending
in like two minutes
cuz I have to go to the gym and Target
and film a Tuesday video and also I want
to play Angry Birds I am out of levels
on candy crush guys this is a real issue
a real issue in life I am out of levels
like on both the owl
section for those of you who don't know
what
any crushes I apologize but on the
normal one the normal section and the
owl section I am out of levels and I
don't care about playing the same levels
to get a higher star that is never
interested in me i won
it's over I'm trying to load it to show
you I mean it's good that I'm out of
levels so that'll stop playing the
stupid thing but look it I'm at the end
I've reached the little sign that says
I'm done and then I go over to the owl
section and I'm done there - it's done
guys I'm done so I was like trying to
get addicted to another game because it
helps me relax and go to sleep and I
played sodoku but I'm over that's
freaking good at it now I'm playing
Angry Birds it's not as much fun as
candy crush and I saw that there was a
good game I'm supposed to download this
like the game of all games was three
dollars I were paid three bucks I feel
like all the app should be free I just
spit a bunch of every angry it's alright
alright it's time to hang up guys I had
fun hanging out with you though I
promise to put a vlog up on Wednesday
and if not we'll have him in a
livestream we do do do do
I had a nice to you earlier and I feel
like that caffeine is just kicking in ah
I wonder if the ice isn't in yet how
long does it take to freeze ice cuz I
put some ice in earlier today or if the
laundry stone if I could put some in so
many things I want to do that's your
hang-up now how strong I am I went to
the gym two days ago oh my god I
literally have no muscle anymore I need
to get back okay I'm hanging up now I
love you guys thanks for watching tweet
your favorite part so people will know
where to go in to livestream so that I
don't have to watch this whole boring
rampage of nothing that this video is
alright that's it should I close it out
like close it all
dogs thanks for watching guys Oh yawn
which some people think I think you on I
don't think yawn you weirdos why would I
fake yawn what does that achieve in life
not getting angry about it
tweet me what you want to see for
Tuesday tweek you're a part of this so
people can skip to it don't have to
watch the whole thing and love me
forever cuz I love you forever
and that's the deal thank you guys for
watching Bob Ewell right
