all right this vlog is a little
different so I filmed Saturday but I
didn't put it in Monday's vlog because
that was just the Super Bowl which
apologized everyone who I ruined your
ears I warned you it was a lot of
screaming so this what I'm about to show
you is Saturday before a Super Bowl I
hung out with my new best friend Kelly
six so there you go
so I'm at my best friend's house and
she's got a kitty his name is Thor I'm
just gonna follow you around yes do you
meow get it get it what is the goal here
for cats I don't understand what they
think the goal is to kill it to kill it
it's a string
don't know where the ball was max ball
with somewhere
awareness if it does this the whole
frickin time
are you kidding me no wonder this scores
takes forever really taking their time
we finish mini-golf there was no winner
I think Matt probably was the winner but
okay Kelly was the winner of badly
cheating she was trying to cheat but it
helped her 0% no yes
okay Kelly was good I think there was
two holes you are awesome at it was just
a mess it was fun though now we're
heading back to Kelly's and that's that
okay now this footage is Monday so this
is after the Super Bowl
everyone's it's all coming back together
now all right now we're on the same page
it's Monday morning
hi Monday afternoon I'll be the check
out of the hotel but our fight is until
9:00 tonight great I don't remember one
you don't need to know so we're just
walking around San Francisco we've got
really nothing to do and so we're just
shopping I guess we should have planned
something we should have had something
to do but I posted the vlog and then we
had lunch and now we've got like four
hours before back at the hotel for a car
to pick stuff I don't know what to do
have fun we walk to the end of pier 39
and now I'm just watching people take
pictures of this heart
one that just look like she's on top of
a but what I think we look the Golden
Gate Bridge we did a whole lot of
nothing until our driver pick us up and
our driver picked us up and I was in
love with her she was whole Asian lady
and was trying to work on her English
with me and we just talked the whole
ride anyway I got to the airport super
early that's how I was scared would be
packed which wasn't which was weird but
now I get to show you a bunch of
football stuff that I couldn't show you
before because when I got here cuz my
driver anyway the ball things go house
it's just like a little Holloway of Hall
of Fame stuff it's cute it was fun to
look at for me you guys probably don't
care about it them get into football
I found art alright that's it for this
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
I love you remember to subscribe and
like and share and do things cuz then
I'd appreciate it
I will see you guys Friday and I love
you that's the end Hey
