heeey it's Friday morning and I'm
packing to leave to go to the Super Bowl
I mean the Super Bowl is not till Sunday
but I'm heading up to San Francisco
today so I'm very excited and I'm
packing I'm about to fly and go places
they'd be my first trip a via airplane
not for tour in a very long time I don't
remember the last time I was on an
airplane for not tour I mean I went to
Hawaii but we did a show there but I'm
packing and there's no show to pack for
it's weird I'm doing it guys really
disappointing news Matt just pointed out
no hoverboards allowed you know I mean a
lot of check up everyone that has one
I'm really sorry to all the bynars out
there you can't have a hoverboard at the
airport
so when you book a flight like three
days before you leave you end up sitting
right to the back this is the back of
the plane ride back but it's fun and
look away
I miss school we landed and we're gonna
go to the hotel and then we're gonna go
eat food
Matt claims he found a good place keys I
never believed them until I eat it but
yeah now we're in for a driver mom so
it's that and the airport had a bunch of
football stuff but I didn't found any of
it because I was in a hurry to stop my
driver was out here he's not so he made
me miss football stuff
look how big that dog is I want that dog
we're at some restaurant I don't know
what it's called but it's good and it's
right on Fisherman's Wharf and we're
going to be tourists actually we eat
that's my plan I want to be a complete
Taurus
people
I was having a dilemma because I had
zero Broncos things and I'm going to the
game and so we just bought Broncos hats
about two two different ones magnets
want to match me it's understandable so
we got two different kinds I think we
should be one of those couples that
diverse the exact same outfit every day
I think that would be the best
hey it's dark cuz it's nighttime and I'm
walking outside so Matt and I are going
to this party thing so I got invited to
by courtyard and it's 1.3 miles away
from the hotel and then it's just the
amount we're like we can walk it we're
just gonna be tired but we want to / but
it seems pathetic to over 1.3 miles and
it's just like if it was 2 miles but
uber no problem if it was less than a
mile it won't even be a decision it's
walking but it's just the the certain
distance yeah oh god I don't know if you
guys can see you can't but like right
there it just shoots straight up it's
just a hill should we just stop here and
who were poor pathetic
whose what happens when you live in LA
and you walk no places a New Yorker
would laugh at us we called an uber
because we don't when I go up this hill
it doesn't look that extreme in my video
if I go down here it's just basically
it's vertical you can't tell that much
but it's a vertical hill we're one mile
away and it is all uphill and we just
called the freakin uber which I gave of
it so arriving now I gotta go so he over
to the party and then we stayed for a
bit it was cool Tony Romo and a couple
of guys were talking and speaking and
then when I went to a bar and then I ate
food and came back to the hotel that was
my night it was a lot of fun thanks for
watching next vlog will be Monday I
think you'll see the actual Super Bowl
I'm having so much fun alright thanks
for watching guys
and of the matter and that gone wrong
