hey so I'm in Santa Barbara right now my
mom had knee surgery and my dad's out of
town for the day and she needs to take
care of her because she's not allowed to
get out of bed for a week and this is it
this is her knees done why did the
doctor right yes and yes because you're
sleepy right yes for this me and no one
to sleep oh so he said yes yes on both
me how you feeling MA great great she
got it done on Friday and it's Monday
right now so you only have like three
more days of knocking look at she's
trying to show off that she can stand
don't hurt yourself
we're gonna wrap her back up think ID my
mom the worst patient in the entire
world I'm forcing I'm forcing her to do
these exercises right now that she was
given she's supposed to do them three to
four times daily
it's 8:30 p.m. and it's the first time
she's doing them all day we can do him
three times before midnight
that's not you're supposed to space it
out mom and she also is only supposed to
get up if she has to go pee or get a
drink so she found a loophole and pees
10 times every hour so she gets up you
know this wouldn't hurt if you did them
more often I'm also a terrible doctor
all right Tuesday night my mom's still
in bed
Friday till Friday she's in bed till
Friday but I made her shoot a video with
me today which was fun I think we played
with toys but I'm gonna head back now
cuz I got to get ready cuz I'm going to
the Super Bowl and I'm leaving soon for
that and so well you get ready
well I'm do you have the days till
Christmas did you put a 3 in front of
that for 3 years start over again
30 days yeah she added extra numbers so
she could count off from the day after
Christmas there go 327 day 27 we're
putting it just so you guys know y'all
wonder where I get my Christmas
enthusiasm from it's my mother there you
go
327 days till Christmas
good faction all right anyway actively
because I've got stuff to do but I took
care of my mother for two days so I win
there's brownie points for next
Christmas yeah yeah yeah yeah woman get
back to bed I threatened leaving and
then she gets out of bed starts walking
around you're supposed to be in the bed
huh some home from Santa Barbara uh it's
Wednesday morning I shouldn't be putting
up this current vlog but I'm gonna film
a little bit more today excited until
much
bye my mom and I really just sat at and
hung out and watch TV and talk together
for two days straight and it was awesome
I was supposed to go see people in Santa
Barbara and visit say hi but he
genuinely didn't leave my parents house
for two days straight and it was so
relaxing I got work done I got a lot of
work done actually and I think my mom
enjoyed it I only had to help her off
the toilet once that right there
embarrassed her sorry mom I love you
well I'm gonna do some crap today and
you're welcome to join me oh my god I
found a genius place to put my coffee
when I'm shopping right Thanks if it's
perfectly in my purse - so wonderful I
hate carrying around cuz it makes my
hand cold but this is fantastic
I came to tart because I need a potato
scrubber
weird yes adult ish I don't quite know
but we make a lot of baked potatoes and
you're supposed to like scrub them clean
before you bake them and we just been
using our hands so I feel like a scrub
brush would be better and I saw that my
mom had a little potato scrubber shaped
as a potato and I was like well that's
just dang cute and necessary so that's
when I came to Target for and obviously
we have way more things in our basket
that we we're going to have whatever
all right I'm home from Target I got my
potato scrubber and I'm gonna edit and
post this vlog so thank you very much
for watching I love you be
