it's Friday Friday except when you're
watching this it's Monday oh the Monday
everyone has the Monday blues except me
I am in the middle or I just finished
filming the first part of my Tuesday
video I was lying awake at 3:00 a.m. and
I couldn't sleep and I randomly got an
idea for a video and I thought it was
hilarious now that I'm filming it I
don't know how always this is me always
I don't know how funny it's gonna be but
I'm showing it but I filmed the first
part today and then I have to film the
second part later this week because I
need my mom to help me with it or my dad
but that will be up tomorrow but for now
I have to do some other stuff and I just
wanted to say hey check in let you know
I exist
this week I've actually pretty fun I'm
going to Santa Barbara on Sunday to
watch a football game with my dad and
then I'm just gonna hang out with my
parents for a bit and I'll be fun that's
my life right now I'm putting away my
video stuff I always talk to you guys
I'm putting away my video stuff cuz my
cameras already out if you ever wondered
why I'm always putting away my video
stuff I'm talking to you some cameras
already out so I might as well film with
it hi so it's Sunday and I'm in Santa
Barbara I just picked up lunch from my
parents and I and Matt he's here and
we're gonna watch the Broncos game with
Andrew and my dad cuz now I want them to
win but they're playing the Patriots I
don't really know if they have a chance
but I'm gonna watch it and I met a cheer
and I'm gonna scream we're on the first
quarter still and the Broncos were doing
great and then I realized like I lost my
phone and I found my phone it was in
this crack that's right here
and then I once I picked up my phone the
Patriots started doing great I put the
phone right back in the crack and then a
Patriots missed a field goal there for
support no yeah oh yeah that extra point
there for the phone has to stay in the
crack the whole game I don't get to look
at my phone at all sorry for people that
were expecting me to snapchat it's not
happening it's halftime and Andrew
forced me to leave my phone in the crack
just in case we taking it out during
outside makes the Broncos lose Broncos
are currently up and we're all very
excited we're getting munchies right now
how you feeling dad
Chelsey's feeling there are 17 seconds
left in the whole game and the Patriots
have one more attempt to get a touchdown
if they get it and then they get a
two-point conversion it's a tie and then
it goes into overtime and I'm stressed
out I wanted to just end now
they just got to touchdown I'm stressing
out hold on he didn't go out know if
they get this two-point conversion is
tied and then it goes into overtime and
I hate overtime I hate everything right
now
conversion okay so we as they try to
notice like kicking it didn't win and it
looks like we're gonna win for this 11
seconds left and I'm stressing out the
way it's like a 99.9% chance that we've
definitely won freak it out they're
gonna hike it and then Peyton's gonna
take a knee and then the game will be
over Andrew yeah yeah what now is
yourself the Broncos are gonna sue that
doesn't matter
I am now removing my phone from the
crevasse if I can find it oh no it's
lost in there could you get it so I
haven't touched my phone in three hours
you don't touch your phone next week you
are not allowed to touch your book he's
better back to you on that
yeah you're too fast now it's time to
barbecue with my father and I get to
light it well how'd you come to light so
quick Rachel I'm a magician
now that what we all made
together
we did it mom made bacon and B and
there's several bags here Oh happiness
so I'm back home now and the Panthers
won
they beat the Cardinals so the Broncos
will be playing the Panthers and the
Super Bowl and I'm very stressed out
about it this whole sports are just
stressful for me I don't know why I love
them so much that's it for this vlog out
a lot of fun in Santa Barbara thanks for
joining me
I love you guys and I'll see you next
time
