do you like my shirt because I like my
shirt I was going out tonight I'm going
on a date tonight I've decided it's
Wednesday night I'm about to upload my
vlog huh I'm very late on it it was very
boring walk that's just how it is I
really go start wearing trace shirts
like this I like it a lot I think I look
really sophisticated and put together
the fact of the matter is I wasn't
wearing a shirt and I needed to film
something and so I just throw on a
button-up
it's not even buttoned all the way just
want to put a shirt on this was way more
work than putting an actual shirt on I
know what's wrong with me I'm on a date
a really cute guy don't tell him I said
that
but we're drinking beer we're at a bar
place that we really like and our
favorite guy here so we're drinking it's
fun day I'm currently driving to a mall
an hour away from my apartment in hopes
to find jeans that are good it's a huge
mala koola
told me about it and I just I really
need some jeans I've been wearing
workout pants like every day it's not my
style
so hopefully this Jean shop experience
works so I'm at the mall the only
successful thing I've gotten is this try
few latte but seriously I've been Jean
shopping for like an hour still haven't
found anything I like this not Jean
material this not Jean material this
that's Jean material but it's just ugly
so I'm down at the mall and back from
the mall it's actually the next night
let's be real it's the next day and I
bought clothes and I was very excited
about it but a few of you on Twitter
okay on snapchat
I played guess that price cuz I went
into Nordstrom and I found ridiculously
expensive things and I played guessed
that price on there and then later I
tweeted that I got new jeans and it was
like did you get it right Spencer please
no I bought two pairs of jeans and
they're worth $40 so I thought I would
model them for you because I'm a
professional model
thank you for watching my struggle on
getting jeans they are struggle like you
know jeans just to be made out of such
good quality that they lasted you so
long I know I've gone on this tirade
before I know I said this all before but
I'm just saying again it is so difficult
to find jeans that feel like denim now
it's all this like stretchy soft stuff
and it doesn't last and I went to good
places like I went to good Jean stores
and they were all but and I know that's
just the style now is just what it is I
have to accept it but I refuse it took
me so long and I just ended up going to
H&M and Tilly's that's where I found my
Jean it's like material that will last
and won't point my butt look saggy like
one or two times after wearing it also I
think aha
like that looks gross something's going
on in the back like we're my tongue area
uh-huh it's really sore and kind of
stings a lot don't quite know what that
means but things happen I just thought
it update you on that thank you guys for
watching this vlog I'm gonna go post it
love yous Bay
