it's really cloudy today I'm looking
outside and oh it's really clap what
what what I said oh that's just the
reflection of my screen got it but look
how cloudy it is not used to that so
Kyle it's like sunny all the time
another clouds everywhere it's okay
I'll live through it I'm at Staples
right now just testing out the chairs so
it's had to go on my and Sun today but I
didn't realize cuz I'm a terrible human
that it's Martin Luther King Day so
everyone's out running their errands
right now so things are a little more
crowded than I thought they'd be
except staples because tickle sniffer
has people in it because it's a pretty
boring story but I love it cuz
everything's organized and looks so
clean and I love it all hey it's Tuesday
afternoon I just filmed a science
experiments video and it took forever
upload was really annoying but now I'm
gonna go get habit and then I'm getting
my hair trim today I don't quite know
how much I'm getting trimmed I just know
I want a haircut because it's
ridiculously long right now yeah so I'm
gonna trading today rain do you see oh
you can't see anything right do you see
it when it rains it's out of California
the entire world gets to know about it
alright I'm on my way to get my haircut
come on
I think it's the camera down cuz I got a
drive alright I just parked so I'm
getting my hair trimmed I haven't gotten
it professionally trimmed in years and
years and years because I hate paying
for something like a simple task that I
can't convince my sister or my mom to do
it for me I'm just gonna get done
because it's literally if I put my hair
down it's like down to here right now
which is way past the booby and it's
like just kind of it's just I don't I
don't do anything with it I need to tame
it so I'm just gonna get it cut probably
like up to here no big deal hit the
nipple basically that's my rule yeah I'm
just doing that alright I just got a cut
it looks good I had a very nice
hairdresser named Veronica and she was
very nice
yeah it's cut I think it looks good I
like it I mean it's nothing drastic it's
just a trim better than it was exciting
I know
hey it's my name afternoon I'm going to
have lunch with Christopher he texted me
he's like lunch this week I was like
yeah tomorrow he's like okay cool
and now the time has come so I'm off to
lunch with him I'm gonna put the hammer
down so now I'm driving
I made it to lunch that I'm here yes
wait
yet you're blurry obviously you're
blurry I don't wait till this is focus
it's focused on my - thank you that's it
- we ate the food I didn't actually know
mine it's in here but yeah we had a
lovely lunch that's all you get to know
we've been gossiping about you I don't
know maybe I got home problem have any
much Christopher he's always a pleasant
little man I love that his office is
near me so I can actually see him but I
just found a Rachel's room and it got
kind of weird at the end I can't really
smell it I I think I'm a little hyper
and I got really hot so I was like
uncomfortable in my skin so I was moving
around a lot things got weird it happens
you know now I'm cleaning up and I
should probably edit this vlog and post
it because it's Wednesday this will post
vlogs on Wednesdays
what should replace the oh I gotta put
my stuff away I'm having troubles right
now
