I know it's been a long time since I've
vlog I in the past like two weeks I've
tried to start vlogging on and I'm a a
wanna know Mia bond and I'm a Awan I'm
an AI that song stuck in my head since
the show last night
do we want to talk about how beautiful
the sky is right now because it's pretty
freakin beautiful but like look how
beautiful the sky is look at it look at
it do you see it look at it
and then I forget oh my gosh or Kelly's
on TV right now I'm watching football
Tori Kelly was on that's awesome it's
Sunday
and I'm watching football because it's
the playoffs you guys don't care I was
gonna tell you just who just won the
Panthers beat the Seahawks which I'm
excited about you guys don't care though
but yeah so I'm gonna try to actually
vlog it it you know do my job work have
fun hang out with you guys
that's all guess where I am a laundry
man and there's Matt get it lunch man
anyway yeah my Sunday was me watching
football Broncos won and then the washer
and dryer both broke at my apartment
while I was in the middle of a load so I
had to bring all my wet clothes to a
laundromat and I was like you know what
I'm just gonna wash everything so I'm
washing my bedsheets and all the towels
that existed in my apartment because
darn it I'm coming to a laundromat I'm
getting it all done so that's why I'm
better now a bunch of people here Matt
set up some chairs I mean I feel like I
should do a music video
I got back from the laundromat made my
bed fresh sheets amazing but I'm back
and how do I already have stuff in my
hampers to clean already like I feel
like I just washed everything I own and
then I got home and I cleaned a little
bit and there's already stuff in the
basket I'm so angry
laundry is literally never done so never
anything and it stresses me out alright
so I'm closing out this vlog I'm gonna
I'm vlogging again I'm starting the vlog
again mainly I took you to help people
on the holidays take a break I work
through the holidays and then I take a
break afterwards so I had two weeks off
an awesome to vlog again that's the
excuse I'm using just make I'm just
pulling stuff out of my butt alright
thank you guys for watching I love you
and I'll see you Wednesday because I
post Monday Wednesday Friday that's what
I'm supposed to do and maybe days that I
don't post like I have zero blockage
I'll just do live streams because the
live stream the other day was really fun
close it up you guys co-creator babe
that's me on the day I
and don't forget the flowers every
universal a cousin can treat me right
I'll be the person I'm go through
