good morning it's 7:30 7:33
I knew my dad would be awake and willing
to do anything so I texted and said hey
breakfast
he said kay we are now trying to find
where to eat breakfast we figure out we
need to breakfast and then work out and
finish editing and stuff that's my plan
for today guys all right eight hours of
sleep again this is fantastic
my dad is stealing many jellies for my
mother this is this is what she's
getting for breakfast I mean and honey
I mean stealing they're here for us to
enjoy
so Cory and I decided to go to the gym
together and I was working out my legs
and I found a basketball hoop and some
balls over there so I'm gonna play some
basketball because the best workout to
me fun activity also there weren't that
many leg machines so I'm done with my
leg workout time for basketball
Sakura and I are at the Cabana together
Cory and I are his best friends on this
trip we're each other's partner in crime
we're actually a married couple on this
trip if you didn't know but were the
only people hanging out today are we a
married couple or are we brother and
sister I think that we're married twin
twin what doesn't that mean that like we
don't know each other if we're separated
at birth no we were Siamese twins oh and
then they cut us apart yeah okay that
makes sense I think Coley is getting a
massage a girl needs that my dad ran
away to the ocean oh there's my mother
and then I don't know where anyone
else's but coronary the only playing an
out today oh
are you listening it's really cold today
and it's windy so beautiful and I love
it so I have zero complaints but because
of those two factors finally win the
ocean a little bit but it was freezing
and we spent a lot of time in the pool
just chit-chatting and we are getting
ready right now because we're going to
this shaft we're doing a cooking chef or
chef ice in the salmon we're getting a
cooking class with the chef here at four
seasons so Cory's taking a shower and
I'm looking at the view and then we're
gonna cook things it's at 3:00 so I
don't know if this is our dinner I don't
know what I'm hungry
so we're making this popcorn cereal
fruit dessert thingies claims helping
she's must be watching the popcorn but
she has not done that even a little bit
I hope now I chop things so I got an
apron out of it good
that food was so good so they did it it
was a cooking class he's new he's from
the Bahamas he's been here two weeks and
he's like reinventing their menu and so
he's did like this Cajun jerk style like
fried fry stuff and the cereal pop okay
it was just so good but anyway I don't
know what we're doing now it was good
and I helped out and now my new nickname
is rough chop chop rough chop guys
you're actually gonna be able to see a
sunset today and by you I mean me
awesome it for you guys group to
somewhere else ruining my time-lapse
it's the end of the night I think we're
going to bed that's the end of it
I love you guys see you tomorrow goodbye
I lied
so there's a wedding that is super loud
outside 10 p.m. right now we're calling
with let's go crash the wedding so we're
not going to get near it
who is that a private estate next to the
hotel so are on our way to find this
wedding I don't understand but I just
turned 10 p.m. and the music stops I'm
pretty sure they shut it down at 10 p.m.
so we're about does it make sense is it
now yeah it's now 10:00 so my personal
of assumption is that they shut the
wedding 910 so we're gonna crash
absolutely nothing I stand also Eric
decided to put this on me so I'd blend
in more with your wedding
great disguise yes this is Eric's
version of crashing a wedding just
dancing right outside oh he went in oh
he did it
Oh even back
this isn't the wedding that we heard
this is a different wedding so we're
crashing the wedding
I'm 0% dressed for this that was your
version of crashing dress you want to go
in no heirs thinks he's crash this
wedding by walking in 5 feet I'm so
tired I don't care crash a wedding cuz
you didn't crash it you crash Hawaii
State Credit Union end-of-the-year party
Hawaii State Federal Credit Union you
can see that was the wedding that was
making a bunch of noise and it's
currently silent now so Coleen's genius
plan of crashing a wedding fine oh I
thought this was your genius plan oh
this is not my genius plan this is our
cheese my god hey do you guys see what's
going on can you see cuz I can't see
this is James Campbell's company private
property fence Eric
hiding behind his country from us
you should be yes I look the most out of
place I'm not I don't have don't have
the best excuse we're just looking for
our uber
I think they have over here exactly the
same I'll be looking for it are you
literally gonna walk across so just come
around I'll just walk past recommend
going and we don't want to get in
trouble and get you oh I hate peer
pressure so much man I look like a
tourist often guys but how do we get out
once we have we have to come back
through here the end of a wedding we're
just looking for uber like everybody
else guys I hate all of you this is I
can't
yes I hate this so much
I've never been more uncomfortable and
more suspicious we did it guys
we car we crashed a wedding by walking
past it and we run and run we were being
followed by two bridesmaids
on our way out like they were sitting
there chitchat I look behind us there's
two bridesmaids following us like
intensely in the middle of nowhere Eric
is currently chit-chatting with his new
group of people we're not at a wedding
it looks like I could be at an end of a
catered event but he's not chit-chatting
with people because he wants the seafood
buffet they made friends oh god they
made friends with the people watch out
for the tripping they just made friends
with the people there and then pulling
somehow got a baguette out of it I know
who she was but it was awesome
