hey all right
I did this and I got a Twitter at the
links whoop whoop
hey guys how are you guys today I'm just
doing this because I want to see only
reason I'm doing this live stream it's
kind of like you know I want to do a
live stream and so I did it
extreme
they can see me or not I have an issue
with not being answered these but last
time on my main channel I hit 1 million
I did it real well so ok no way now
it's happening I think it's happening
mmm let's go over Twitter people will
tell me if I'm doing it wrong you always
tell me on Twitter
I can't tweak and watch oh yeah I'm
coming how does livestream stuff work
I'm new to it
girl you are asking the wrong person I
have no but you've watched me when I'm
live actually pinky berries are a few
seconds behind unless you like click to
the end of the video to catch up now why
don't you get me this I think what have
you got me this this Kansas City mug
Jessica collects these and I actually
love them to death I only have a few of
them my first one that actually got me
when he went to Boston that's what I
like the vintage old ones that don't
look like that all right should we
create a hashtag are you guys watching I
see you Jess
it's working I finally got the hang of
this I hope you guys liked how I tweeted
out time frames and always like I'm
gonna do a live stream and I say a time
and then they everyone gets mad at me or
I like give two times and I can't really
tell so Twitter does the pole things now
where I gave you three time slots and
you guys chose 5:00 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time so I hope you guys like
that I got a scientific way to tell what
time was the best for all of you in the
timeframe in which I wanted to do this
so there we go um I don't know how long
hang out for could be at 20 seconds
could be an hour probably like a half
hour um yeah what's up guys let's
chitchat I'm on Twitter as I should
always be so let's do hashtag Rachel's
my best friend rachel is my best friend
as the hashtag because I want people to
tweet that so
hashtag rachel is my best friend if you
want me to see your stuff on Twitter do
that hashtag and then I'll see it all
right
follow me that I've got better things to
do on my lap don't follow you oh and I
lost you and I can't follow you you know
what my first tweet ever has the hashtag
follow me in it and I didn't even tweet
it my friend Rachel went lling tweeted
it
alright I don't know how far behind you
guys are in this let's see if you any of
you tweeted hashtag Rachel's my best
friend is my best friend we got it Haley
says hey besties hey besties alright so
give me topics of conversation you want
to talk about you can tweet me questions
I can comment on your comments whatever
you want it's your time like seriously I
woke up today and I'll just say I do
live stream I the only thing on my
calendar today was fries the steak the
steaks have been frozen so I was like
you know what
might as well and I've been really
lacking on my vlogs lately I've been
terrible with my vlogs
I've just been chilling and like I'll do
some I'm like I just want to do it I
don't have to Bhagat
I should alright what do you do in your
board i watch netflix and do a puzzle
yeah that's what I do and then sometimes
I drink a beer I am on a puzzle right
now that is very difficult it is a
picture of I think my mom gave actually
have no clue who gave me it's a picture
of like a mama giraffe kissing the baby
giraffe and the giraffe part was easy
but then all the rest of it is just
brown so I got like a puzzle this big
and like this much is yellow and the
rest of it is just brown and it's
killing me right now
ah the problems to happen or how do you
feel about Justine weeding Cirie I have
no couch talking about I hate
everybody so that's how I feel about I
hate Siri that's it at the end of it
what's the most recent ones that you got
I haven't gotten her onesie in a really
long time because it just now started
getting cold um but at least our onesies
still a thing there are so many trends
in the world the Froyo trend the onesie
trend the there's other ones that I
can't think of trends there are so many
trends in the world I can't keep up with
is onesie or once he's out mustaches
that was a trend who bow ties were a
trend so many things
owls foxes all trends they make me angry
because I can't keep up with them it's
my birthday you know I don't believe any
of you when you say it's your birthday
but you know what Oh what all one ha D 1
2 3 Allen ha ha Ilana I know it's your
birthday every birthday
I'm skipping dinner to wash your
livestream girl don't skip dinner
Jenice go eat dinner that is a very
important meal everyone's like breakfast
is most important meal of the day no I
say they are all very important you
should always eat them and don't skip up
unless you like you forget cuz you're
doing a puzzle understand but don't skip
your dinner eat it while watching can't
you do that I bought you puzzle glue how
do you feel I love puzzles ooo because
then you could save your puzzles forever
and once I buy a house I'm gonna have
creme puzzles everywhere I don't be that
weirdo with fringe puzzles places are
you going to VidCon what is it I don't
even know what it is I probably go I'm
gonna go I'll go yes I'm sitting right
here right now I'm going to VidCon but
I've no clue what it is unless I'm like
I'm busy that day but I'm pretty sure
I'm good
Bessy BAM it keeps freezing but why she
does is that that cuz I of my internet
or because if you guys or your internet
but it's because of me I'm sorry
much else I could do about it but I mean
I started over but that won't be fun
Maddy wants to know how I'm doing on
this fine day
I'm great I'm doing fantastic I slept in
watched a bunch of YouTube videos did
some puzzling got a little work done now
I'm here so it's great how are you guys
doing I hope you're all having a fun
Friday thanks for hanging out with me on
your Friday evening night I know do
people still go out on Friday nights I'm
sure you all do I just don't know I
don't go on Friday night I'm like that
is when everyone's out I'm not stepping
out of my apartment
oh yeah doin how coach I watched the
Martian last night was a really good
movie that's the most I've ever seen
that what's his name Matt Damon yes he
did born I've only seen never seen him
in like barn and he barely ever spoke in
that but in this movie smoke spoke more
than he ever has before in a movie that
I've seen him in and he was by himself
on the planet don't know quiet I don't
quite know how that happened but I'm
into it
anyway Martian great movie didn't really
like the last one minute of it I thought
the ending was kind of stupid but like
the whole movie was great my chest is
going I'm deep breathing and I don't
know why that person just said I blew
them a kiss at the San Jose show do I
blow people kisses think you just made
that up
I don't know Bono wanna kiss i wink i
wink at a lot of people I don't think I
blow kisses I think you just made that
up maybe I was like scratching my nose
and then this you know what if you say I
blew your kiss I believe your kiss I'm
just an idiot
my mom is telling me to wash the dishes
but you're on line then put it on can
you watch live streams on your phone I
was gonna say put your headphones and
put it on your phone and go wash the
dishes cuz your mama told you to do
something you probably go do it
Emilie Roger says today's my 29th
birthday again I don't believe you
birthday people if I could just bad guys
it's my birthday
and some of you would believe me and it
wouldn't be my birthday but no oh wait
I'm kind of freezing now I'm freezing
out myself no I'm still here
okay good are you just going to talk
about what do who are you cheering for
in the playoffs the Broncos and with the
Broncos I don't want the Patriots in it
I want sorry I'm talking football if I
have a second I want the Broncos to make
it to the Super Bowl and I don't want
the Patriots to get in the Super Bowl
which means that Shh who would Kansas
activate them who has to be that I don't
remember it's been a while since I
watched football because it's not Iran
anymore do you
someone says you never saved me for my
Spanish class oh yeah some girl I asked
for adventures today I tweeted out that
I want to do more adventures and want a
lot of people are you like some kiss
save me come save me from my classes
come save me from school listen I'm not
Superman I can't just fly over and save
you I wish I could if I could I would
but I can't so long buddy I want to go
on our adventures I tweeted it out I was
thinking about I was like I have the
ability to do great amazing things for
myself
like I can go on adventures because I
love doing that I'm gonna go
snowboarding soon with Matt's leis and
I'm gonna go on like a mud run or Color
Run with Rebecca and I'm gonna learn to
surf as soon as you know it's not
freezing in the water I want to do fun
things I love activities I go when I
went rock climbing my friend Kelly six
we went rock climbing and it was so much
fun and it was scary when you're up
really high like I know I'm safe but it
was scary and I loved it and I loved
that kind of adrenaline rush so I want
to do more stuff like that and I want to
go travel somewhere I'm probably gonna
go to Colorado for a beer fest thing in
September I think yeah anyway I'm
excited I want to do things I'm not
excited I'm gonna wiggle about it I'm
just gonna wiggle
are you excited about Queens new Netflix
show yes I'm so excited
I'm way wow I can't speak I'm really
cool and I knew that this was happening
a long time ago
and I had to keep it a cigarette but I'm
very excited it's gonna be awesome
her and Christopher started writing it
and you know I met some of the people on
our team
they're all hilarious the things that
they tell me that are gonna happen the
stories that they're pitching I haven't
heard I'm not involved in the show I
mean not like a negative point but like
I'm not this is a project I'm not
involved in which is that I don't know
what I'm saying but what I have heard
about it is that it's it's just
phenomenal it's really freaking funny um
so I'm really excited and obviously a
ridiculously proud yeah that they're
doing this her and Christopher both
there yeah I did have I don't have it
today I think I'm excited it's gonna be
really amazing and funny that's all I
can say I'm proud and excited those are
the things yes
I'm I think that we're all like still in
awe that it's happening like oh and it
shouldn't oh I'm giddy about it I'm
speechless
there it is oh yeah
they've all been working very very hard
on it and so that's why Colleen has been
a stress ball was literally every day
they work on it and it's I feel I think
what's happening right now is that I've
been trained to not speak of it to the
internet so I feel like I'm not allowed
to say anything and I still don't know
if there's things I'm not allowed to say
so I'm very confused as it's a husband
hush-hush for a while spell okay it's
out though oh it's uh come here it's so
cool I'm so excited sometimes we'll be
watching Netflix sorry I'm still on it
sometimes I'll be watching Netflix and
like the vignette dissection Netflix
original series like that section will
be on there and I'm just looking I'm
like oh my god all right soon I would be
seeing my sister show they're like soon
my sister's show will be on this thing
that bagillion of people watch and then
a bagillion people are gonna have the
option to be like haters back
okay I'll try this and you know there's
gonna be some people that can be like
what in the world am i watching and why
is this on Netflix but I know the
majority of people are gonna pee their
pants laughing at it and oh it's gonna
be so good but like she's gonna be in
that section just like thing and it's
gonna be like the executive producer and
then it's gonna say my brother my
sister's name's Mary are you excited to
first fuller house listen I'm gonna
watch it it's gonna suck I think we all
need to come to the realization that
fuller house not gonna be good I
listened to the preview like the trailer
the sneak peek of it I just listened to
it I'd even watch except ever and John
we're watching it I was like this sounds
like the stupidest thing ever and it's
very much what full house used to be
because that's the type of show that
used to be on TV but now that type of
show doesn't really exist anymore um so
it's it just seems stupid now but I'm
gonna watch it and I'm gonna love it but
let's just all be real it's not even
that good you should say the at of who
you're answering listen Rebecca I should
but I keep forgetting tell me things I'm
looking for a good thing to respond to
so I've noticed that Twitter has changed
its layout a little bit and I'm not
really for it like on my notifications
it doesn't tell me how long ago someone
tweeted something to me so sometimes I
get really confused as to what tweets to
what and when why they said it and then
just like I think the follow button is
gone when I'm looking at top tweets I
don't know I'm bugged by it that's all
go skydiving I want to at Josh lean is
cute your Twitter name or handle what
ever it's called is correct but also I
want to go skydiving the more I think
about it the more afraid I could of it
but I just hung out with someone who has
done it and she said it was phenomenal
and not really that scary just like fun
and you don't have it they don't the
people that jump out of the plane with
you don't give you a chance to be scared
so I feel a little bit more comfortable
about it Hannah Montana a Suite Life of
Zack and Cody
Hannah Montana I didn't have no time for
Suite Life of Zack and Cody
I hated that show oh they needed
haircuts
thankfully they got them what have you
guys used to watch because I grew up
with Liz McGuire and That's So Raven and
even Stevens and then I was too old to
be watching Hannah Montana but I watched
it what was your guys's shows like what
even was appropriate age range for you
guys to watch Disney Channel what Disney
Channel shows did you watch or was that
was you know who's Disney for half a
second about Nickelodeon sick I won't
scared I didn't know my shows and my
channels Rachel you spilled milk you
follow my snapchat my pic I'm having I'm
having trouble speaking today and I
don't quite know why but just forgive me
for it um these are the days when I film
and I speak like this if I could
literally shut off the camera I walk
away and then just come back ten minutes
later after I've taken a lot of deep
breaths
because editing I know will suck if I
keep stuttering uh anyway if you follow
my snapchat you'll see that right before
I film this I spilled my creamer
everywhere I was putting my creamer away
and I went to like close the lid with
one thumb and basically just pushed it
through my hand because apparently my
thumb has ridiculously super power
strength and I just pushed it and my
thing my creamer before the lid was on
just hit the floor and spilled
everywhere and i snapchatted it instead
of cleaning it up i crash the phone and
snap out of it I did the same thing when
I spilled the coffee the other day like
these things happen my first reaction is
to clean it and then my second reaction
quickly after my first is oh wait I
should take a picture first so try and
get that snapchat
game up because apparently just post a
lot doesn't mean that your snapchat game
is strong tweet new things I'll kick you
I follow you on tumblr and you haven't
seemed to figure it out yet listen
Maddie listen Maddie Curran with kerlun
at Ballinger m'kay I have not figured
out tumblr I don't get it it's so weird
like you can't search for people and
everything is weird looking and you
design your own page I do I look like a
web designer too you know I know I can't
figure it out but only a few people
follow me on it so sometimes if I take
an artsy fartsy picture that I think is
too artsy fartsy for Instagram I posted
on tumblr instead do a whistle tone how
do you feel about Josh getting verified
I think that josh is verified that's
awesome congratulations Josh when will
Matt get an Instagram
never he will never he does not
understand it he doesn't understand
pictures what did you eat for lunch I
don't like I just kind of eat all
throughout the day and I'm really stop
eating so starting off with some hummus
and Wheat Thins
then I had a bowl of Cheerios and then I
had a grilled cheese sandwich with
ketchup and then I'm having coffee
that's been my intake today I don't know
what I'm gonna have for dinner that is a
question I am excited to find the answer
out to
doo-doo-doo
I'm just looking at stuff I'm just going
through Twitter this is me at night I
sit here like this and just go through
my home page on Twitter and just
favorite everyone's stuff I love I get
this I'm a terrible human being just
right off the bat I get this weird
satisfaction of favoriting people's
questions without giving them an answer
it's evil usually if they ask a yes or
no question my favoriting means yes but
if they're like what time does the show
start and I favorite it like I'm evil
this is like not a good thing I
shouldn't do it I'm a terrible human
being but don't know why cuz if I sub us
questions on Twitter sometimes they're
not even to me so I was like what time
does this Jost like uh I don't know just
a they're just tweeting it's not even to
me and I see their question
I literally just favorite it I don't I'm
very I'm not a good person
ah did you find a good pair of jeans yet
Meg wants to know no Meg I did not
because the world hates me the I went
okay a good quality Jean is hard to find
I went into lucky and I was like these
are good quality jeans but I could not
figure out the sizing there and I don't
think they had my side okay when you go
into like Target or whatever their sizes
are you know 1 through 16 or 0 through
2000 no websites are but I know I mean
there are seven eight or nine in all the
stores and outside things like that I'm
either seven eight or nine it varies
depending on the store and the product
that it is and I'm that's totally fine
and then you go into like H&M and I know
that I'm like a 29-32 cuz I do the waist
over the height or whatever so I know
they're I'm a 29 over 32 at lucky it's
like four over
34 inch waist what are you doing and I'm
like okay so they're doing like the
target sizes but then not a 7 8 or 9 s
go to 32 lengthwise but that just not
exist
like I don't understand so I was I was
stressing out and I just couldn't figure
it out
um but yeah and then while I went to his
ter I have not found good genes I need
to go to a special gene Factory
stressing yeah but we're over 30 how
does that happen what does that even
mean
people need to stick the sizes guys
genes are always the waist over the
height no matter what store you go to no
matter what it is the waist over the
height I think ok there are noises
happening outside I have to close I mean
noises happen but girls sizes are like
doing whatever they want and they're
just like what we're just gonna make up
a size these sizes range from negative 6
to 3 figure it out and you just have
that's why girls have to try on so many
freaking clothes it's because we
genuinely have no clue what's gonna fit
absolutely you know shirt sizes
sometimes I'm a small sometimes in the
medium sometimes I'm a large you don't
know this is a piss up in here I get so
freakin angry though figure out your
sizes stores we decided to go with this
like 1-0 double zero there double zeros
exist why did this happen why can't like
I appreciate guy sizes because okay also
some stores do short petite short
regular long they're like oh we'll make
it up since we only do sizes like double
zero to 20 or whatever it is they're
like oh so you know that means it'll be
short or long on some people so they
decided to add the petite short regular
long but we know we're only gonna do a
few Long's out there that we're not
gonna you know waste our time with all
of those and then freaking some stores
don't do it so it fits perfectly on my
waist but it doesn't reach the door at
all it's like ends up in the middle of
my calf and they're supposed to be
full-length pants this is not me very
angry like why don't we why does
everyone use this waist over height
system it just makes so much more sense
and then I will accept if you know the
store doesn't carry my size I accept it
but I don't want to sit there in the
dressing room trying on six different
pairs of pants because I don't know what
size I am it's a struggle and my twitter
froze those it freeze on Meg you pros on
that it just knows I'm angry okay
oh good okay okay new tweets nope still
frozen I feel like an old person right
now I can't get that Twitter to tweet
okay got it okay so some of you like my
rant good thank you makes me happy no at
least make you guys happy that I was
angry no I need to take a moment after I
film this pissed off videos that I used
to do which I want to do again I'm just
I was trying to figure out a topic and
clearly that was the topic but I just
spent it on this video you know what I'm
probably still do it I want to do pissed
up videos again but every time I do them
I could take a deep breath after I do
them to calm myself down because I
actually get angry during it
coffee's getting cold and love it
Jewish friends to do no don't go rotten
red onion yes Kira is that evening I
don't know why I asked you won't tell me
because you're just gonna end up
spelling it and then I'm gonna be like
I'll pronounce it the same way
I love friends and I did find out that
they're doing a reunion and I am so
excited about I don't know why I took
them this long to do it I'm gonna cry a
little bit there's you know
that last episode I cry cry every time I
watch it seen it like ten times still
cry take my deep breath solution don't
wear jeans wear leggings that is true
but I don't really like leggings again
leggings go from small medium large and
a lot of them aren't long enough for me
I've been wearing a workout pants Nike
what are they Nike Pro yeah yeah I've
been I'm wearing them right now Nike
pros because those ones fit mean I've
been wearing those leggings I'm not
really comfortable but I end up working
out in them and then they get really
dirty and I have to wash I'm an island
have like three pair because they're
super expensive but I should wear
leggings but I don't I don't think they
look I don't think I can pull them off i
don't think i'm a leggings person think
i'm a jeans with a plain tank or plain
t-shirt person it's just my style but
you know what styles changed it's a
trend get things okay right now i need a
haircut
you see how long this Mane is I need to
get this right but I do not want to
spend a hundred bucks to have someone
shrimp three inches off I need a
hairdresser friend or just AB friend
who's willing to cut my hair for free
not on the cam it's good
my dad can hear you yelling right now
well your dad should learn that he has
it easy that all of his pant sizes are
the same
well I have the opportunity to meet you
if you don't vote oh cool Ian shows dear
God Rachel I know I make an opportunity
oh okay sorry
right after I saw that someone posted
this picture of me and Matt with no
eyebrows at it great to me but I'm gonna
agree an opportunity to meet you guys
cuz I've been thinking about that yeah
that I need to I want to see you guys
and take pictures and smile and talk to
you um so yeah I need to make
opportunities that's just me I make the
opportunity happen doesn't always have
to be in a Killeen show why is there
crosses on the poster behind you oh
these are the ones that I've been to
these are state flags and if there's a
cross next one it means I've been in
that state because right above me is my
map and all the black pins or places
I've been for business and the white
pins are places I've been for funsies
yeah and if I've been in a state I cross
out the flag this is actually pretty far
behind because I don't think I updated
it after bus tour which I went to like
everything over here but yeah that's
that that's my wall of places I've
traveled too
live streams our Twinkie trick why don't
you just make him not be able to say the
arse my streams are tricky for me on my
phone because I have a switch between
Twitter and YouTube is that what the
issue is watching a live stream on your
phone wait does it does YouTube so do
the thing where you're watching yeah oh
but so it would stop the live stream
wouldn't it cuz if you clicked off for
me your that makes sense that's
pretty that sucks
that's a lot of issues so someone just
screenshot it those sent me the
screenshot of my snapchat um I see you
guys screenshot because I can see whose
screenshots and pictures and like how
many people screenshot it and I always
wonder what you guys do with these
screenshots cuz I'll say I'm like 32
people just screenshot at this picture
of mini what do they do with it what are
you doing with these pictures I don't I
don't understand it here let's see one
of my twitter 56 people screenshotted
this that I posted it on my snapchat
what do you guys do with it cuz I suck 3
if you tweeted to me and say something
okay I understand that with this what
are you doing I just wanna know it's not
like I'm mad about it I just want to
know what's going on
alright I've been on for a half hour
five minutes then we'll call her that
alright last five minutes of happiness
and fun together
that's right now guys I'm so I thought
this is fun you know I'm gonna go to my
notification oh my phone keeps freezing
is because so much is happening
oh no there's only there's 2000 there's
2,500 people watching this my phone
keeps freezing is it my father is it
Twitter just accidently out can crush
the Doku Safari I think it's my phone I
think my phone's being a little punk
right now that's
okay
doo-doo-doo
someone just sent me this thank you it's
a very flattering picture you touch how
many pets in total have you had in your
childhood any future hits pets like my
hamster I love your hamster hamster um
yeah I want a dog but I don't even know
we've I think we've had over in my
lifetime my family's had over I want to
say ten dogs over 15 cats there's a
point where we had like a hundred mice
15 rabbits ten guinea pigs five Birds an
iguana tarantula hamsters nice rats
chickens we've had so many freaking
animals my neighbor had a pig I never
had a pig but my neighbor had a pig I
was jealous that fact but yeah I mean
we've had everything and lots of them's
a rat as a pet why why do people think
that's okay that mice and rats is picked
people try to not have those in their
house like you when you see one of those
in your house you're supposed to scream
and run away not keep it as a pet
doo-doo-doo all right me I must sign off
I think this is it for today I had fun
hanging Theo but I'm gonna go eat dinner
and do some puzzling quiet it's right
here
I did nothing I shaved in lotion today
why is it Nikki this jackets clean I'm
so sad he's making it worse all right
did I like a bug bite oh my god I found
a spider in my bed the other day I came
to my room to pick up my jacket
picked up my jacket a massive spider I'm
okay I won't exaggerate it was this big
just like straight-up spider with this
big he fell out of my jacket and crawled
across my bed I was stressing out I hate
them more than anything in the entire
world so I went and I grabbed my mashed
it in my bed I almost looks like hitting
my bed and trying not to scream because
I don't want to freak out mad because
then he'd be like he's used to screaming
right now so like I killed it and did I
show girls that I hated it was so very
hate spiders and then obviously all I
could think about was didn't lay eggs
did it have friends with it did it have
his little babies with it where the
spider come from how'd it get in here
was I it was it crawling on me last
night while I was sleeping
was like are there more where's its web
how many I don't even know all I could
think about was that spider for the next
like hour
so don't come in here this is my house
you don't get to come into my house and
crawl around that's not okay I don't let
people or things do that you can't just
come in and all around once again I got
angry so now I'm done thank you guys for
watching thanks for hanging out with me
this is a fun thing that they were
Friday night shooting Robin every time
I've been alive stream it's because like
it's an occasion has happened and I
think this was fun I like you guys
that's all all right I'm done thanks for
hanging out for those of you
who spent your little bit of your Friday
night with me I much appreciate it I
love you guys I'm excited now huh I need
a vlog more this is my blog channel
you're not subscribed subscribe and
sometimes you'll get the video I need to
go back to doing three week well it
forced me to do things with my life
instead of just puzzle I do board the
puzzle a lot of you keep tweeting I'm
glad you gave up your job with Colleen
to become a professional puzzler that's
true okay guys I'll talk to you later
baby
