well stop keep it up with the vlogs
we're trying to uh today is super rainy
because it's winter I went and got lunch
with Colleen and Christopher my god
lunch Ayman they were working together
and then I went over and we ate cold
pizza at Colleen's house but hey it was
delicious and I enjoyed seeing them for
no amenity and then I'm gonna do things
do you like my leg warmers keeping my
legs really warm I'm watching Bob's
Burgers on mute apparently so I need to
do laundry that's really my launcher
place takes quarters but on Emmy
quarters but I don't wanna the bank
because the bank takes forever so I'm
going to a car wash place where they
have a coin dispenser so it's raining do
you think that the car wash place is
gonna be packed I don't think so I'm at
the car wash place empty except there's
a moving truck they're wiser moving
truck I don't happening there's also a
homeless man sleeping in one of the
tunnels time to go get me the money
sorry laundry oh there's a big massive
puddle good thing I'm wearing my
galoshes
daddy calls them rubbers what the crap
our friend of five they gave me four
quarters and then a bunch of silver
dollars that helps me to I'll listen now
I have to put on a bunch of ones to get
freakin quarters this is stupid I got my
quarters matt says his jacket looks like
I'm wearing pubes on my head does it
look like a wing pubes on my head cuz it
was before like really long nice fake
fur but then I washed it and it turn
into pubes like us 20 ohms on my head
good today's just a good day you know
that it is Friday morning and I'm
currently driving to Disneyland to go
meet up with my parents Jessica and the
kids and we're going to Disneyland
together and then after that I'm going
to the Josh lean show in Anaheim but I
had a great business phone meeting this
morning and I'm so excited about life
it's just a good day and no I'm not on
anything
I had some coffee that's about it but
now I'm gonna head to
and it's like do it go back this is so
weird I don't think I've ever gone to
Disneyland by myself
I mean I'm not going by myself like my
parents are gonna be there Jessica the
kids but I myself I'm walking to
Disneyland alone I think it's weird I
think I found my daddy
and Trent and my mom and we're about to
go into Indiana Jones that how long has
it been since you've been to Disneyland
hold on lady we going for the animation
studio don't speak while I'm blogging
sir
friend an amazing studio and I love this
place like just Disney movies and songs
playing all the time it's one of my
favorite places I'm retired we need to
relax we were just come here right now
we're waiting for Jessica with the
children they're doing animations now we
found the kids what'd you draw let me
see what you drop your Mickey Mouse
that's a really good Mickey Mouse yeah
you got me you got to see yeah cuz you
gotta bring you got ask you to give me
the biggest partner now you're gonna run
the cars right together damn uncle Trent
are you excited it's not the cars right
it's like mater catters my god
I don't know what this is just run
around on the tractor
all right tres I are leaving this Dean
hotel for an adventure and we're gonna
head to the show actually we're gonna go
in and out you know because we're hungry
and it's dinner and it's cheaper than
Disney food but now we're going to go to
the show look at they're a little early
but we can see people and hang out
backstage but I'm very cold because I
was like I'm not leaving for the sunset
and so I won't be cold out on to my
jacket definitely needs a jacket all
right I got here right as the meeting
greet ended and we're on this back side
show's gonna start soon
it's so weird I don't know I'm not a
part of it and but I'm really excited to
watch it and I'm really excited to be
here I'm a backstage of the show's gonna
start soon hey mate know what else what
else here my shows gonna start when the
lights go out I'm gonna go out the
audience will watch from the audience I
don't know the last time I watched a
show from the audience was that's gotta
be really weird yeah okay
are you nervous I'm excited
you are yeah cuz you have no
responsibility I'm nervous but I'm
really watch I don't know what's
happening I don't know what the show is
in just you know love love and Gucci
moments and Philemon get up alright
crisis
my
I
me
you
what is your name my name is
yeah
yeah
you
yeah
