one of the first vlog of 2016 guess
who's here with me mommy my mom so for
Christmas I told my mom I'd get her
laser upper hair removal I'm getting her
stache lasered off
so she's joining me and Rebecca today
we've got another laser appointment and
my mom and I are gonna go laser this
done here and I'm gonna get it down here
but you won't see that I might hopefully
I can film you getting your stud I don't
know if I can but so we're on our way
and we're gonna go see Rebecca and I'm a
minute late but it's okay because
Rebecca goes in first I got here like
one minute late but Rebecca's lighter
than me so my beaters usually always on
time and my mom's not filling out
paperwork
are you excited mom
all right so I did the laser with my mom
and she it didn't hurt like this didn't
hurt that I'm used to like the pain of I
guess the bikini area but the upper lip
one did not hurt at all and my mom said
she she thought it hurt but then
afterward she realized that it didn't
hurt and she was just freaking out about
it but I just shot a nail art video that
clearly went great it should already be
up on my main channel by the time you
watch this I don't know someone was like
do Pintrest nails and I was like alright
I just did it I obviously was gonna fail
there was no way I could have succeeded
at this you know I'm just cleaning up
from it I created I was so proud of
myself
look how crafty I am I used a white
board and put a paper bag over it
because I don't have a table I mean I
have a glass table but I don't want to
shoot a living room there's not a
specific night for fajitas we just
wanted me to eat it tonight
I made the rice it looks so gross I've
been watching YouTube videos for the
past like three hours
I have bed head this is what this is
look at how great that is Bed Head does
I watch videos like this I keep
switching sides so my hair turns into
that but then I decided that I need to
get out of bed and do a quick little ab
workout
oh I know I screwed senator her
livestream I'm not going on tour anymore
so I'm gonna be home more often which
means I don't have the excuse if I'm too
busy to work out which means actually
have to work out so I'm gonna work out
and get some ABS I think my hair looks
good
anyone's talking about
the sky
