hey guys it's Christmas morning a trend
has to work this morning
so we're waking up earlier than we
normally do to to exchange presents with
just him and then we present to everyone
this is very okay can someone name where
else she wore this vest hint it was last
year's annual awkward Christmas song and
my wedding are you guys ready yeah I'm
ready good
that's exactly how it happened
okay bye
let's go oh my god through personal
summers Rachel we match yeah what is I
think they can see it dad it's tool kit
she took it clean got me a knife one
minute later my dad had to go get me a
band-aid all right we're done opening
presents this is what's left we told
Stephanie we'd be in her place at like
10:00 it's 11:30 so we're going now Bret
Stephanie's now and look at her dog just
like a well just so happy how could
anyone not love this animal I don't
think there's anyone that doesn't love
you oh yeah oh you're just dressed fully
like an elf
I see fresh don't you have a kiss
nope he only cares about what
Stephanie's doing so also I'm a giant
feedback cherry-red excuse me yes I got
it
wiggle wiggle
go-go-go-go vehicle all right now we're
gonna start white elephant I love doing
what elephant at Stephanie's house the
best Oh what oh and I've been informed
that I'm Thanksgiving I told you guys
that the Pug was gonna come out wheel
out to me first this morning but he got
fitted for his wheelchair two days ago
and he won't get it for another week so
I don't get to stop but next time I'm
here I'm sure I'll see the Pug being
wheeled out my little Scotties came out
to visit oh yeah so excited to exists so
excited to excite how Pat is hanging out
I know oh girl get your ish together
yeah girl you have some issues back in
there you learn to learn to talk it what
is that going to be other mg on the lip
oh good good good scoots I think we
shall talk about how I am the definition
of passion are you fancy huh
are you fancy huh
me huh oh you fancy huh they are done
they didn't open in case I left my house
to go Stephanie without shoes on and on
the way home Josh I started decided to
start with Starbucks and I was like I
don't have shoes so I'm wearing his
running shoes from Kaymer I know I'm
amazing and we ran into my dad at
Starbucks yeah watch Dadda Dadda Oakley
got me this and I don't think she
realizes that it's my favorite football
teams colors well one of my favorite
football teams colors we've been getting
ready for the cookie Christmas party I
cleaned things and I helped decorate
something that's not out here because I
think they got destroyed while being
made I don't even see a sign for it I
helped make strawberry Santa hats and
they were doing cleanup hard time
oh that's they're gonna go here then I
help make these things this don't they
look pretty while we're getting ready :
Stephanie my mom baked a bunch and
people are gonna start showing up soon
for our cookie party and hopefully it's
a lot of fun
then Matt gets here in an hour half I
look good to kiss a little face he'll
get mad at me if he knows I told the
Internet at kisses a little face right
with kids you never know what their
favorite gift is gonna be never know
what they're gonna like or not like
because they changed their opinion daily
does that Best Buy and I saw Star Wars
Lego watch and I just immediately had to
buy it I've never had a stronger impulse
to buy something in my entire life and I
gave it to him and I think he likes it
you do like it look at that time is is
you can do it seven something got a snap
all this stuff you got it
so almost almost so seven you scratch
ratio point in your warning to anyone
oh so cool man 21 I think you help the
balloon good I mean I just I mean I just
encouraged him there you go 21 funny way
so the kids left long ago and we're just
renewing Christmas party is a little
different this year I feel like everyone
just kind of chill I could not handle
the angles I know like no one okay
naturally um and we've just been eating
and talking and everyone just kind of
chillin we try to play a game but I got
broken up really early and I was a
dominant teeny oh it was simultaneous
all because I showed up who were late to
the party and they like me the party
stopped well no we made party start hi
Connie don't start so I walk in I know
that's why I'm painting nails wrong
normal
I'm also normal yeah Jackson getting his
nails painted and he's wearing a pearl
necklace yeah good great huh he knows
how to do life can you blow on your
nails
go get dem nails driveway so now I
haven't done a montage and like a week
here we go
you
