it's Christmas Eve it's Christmas Eve
and I'm wearing this so Clinton are
about to film our annual Christmas
awkward dance and pies
I'm not this turgut bag
Alana's looking for scissors and I told
her where they are and she says I'm
lying
watch me find them now if I don't find
them I look like Anna yeah my my anus is
still bleeding by the way I'm gonna
leave that part in the vlog because I
was recording but I'm not going to tell
you guys what that was about
so anyway the scissors were on the couch
not in the bag ah we're about to film
the Christmas video and my dad actually
picked out the song this year um he
picked it out in the middle of November
so we're doing this we're doing cha-cha
all the ways the name of the song all
right so we're gonna film this thanks
for watching Colleen did my hair and she
farted we just finished filming uh clean
she put a little tutu on the tree I
didn't notice until you pointed out
actually sorry Christopher's house for
there a holiday party that Christmas
party and Christopher has set up like
old blogs and project on the wall the
kids really seem to enjoy it so anyway
that's it now we're all hanging out and
having fun
alright we're about to do a white
elephant with all of these presents and
all of these people I think it's gonna
be a little hectic and crazy but that's
okay
yeah apparently she likes the camera as
well so get in great with this family
Parker's very confused as to what our
relationship is via aunt and nephew I'm
the aunt are you an aunt yeah
no you're not aunt you're the nephew
maybe it's past so we left Chris friend
Jessica's party because we got cooking
and wrapping and they always Christmas
Eve odd things to do but it was fun and
I think I don't quite remember what I
got at the end of white elephant I think
I got a minyan towel and I gave it to
Parker cuz I'm never gonna use it he's
cute but we got home and all of us were
starving we realized that we hadn't
really eaten dinner we had delicious pie
at this delicious I you know what it was
delicious food at Jessica's but we're
none of us had eaten a meal really so I
decided to be a saint and come to in and
out because y'all know I love my good in
and out so I'm here to get my entire
family's order so people behind me are
gonna hate me cuz I'm ordering a
thousand things don't care
ah hungry and I want my burger but
that's them I realized it's 9:45 I still
haven't uploaded yesterday's vlog but I
uploaded my awkward Christmas video so
that should satisfy all of you for the
rest of time until next year when I have
to post know them that's it
that's all I say
put up the tree
Oh
