hey guys I just did a live stream for my
1 million subscriber party cuz I hit 1
million today what what one in the mail
one in the minute one minute one in Mia
dis mi rappin you want me to rap but I
sound my crap that's all I have to say
about that that's my rap did you guys
like it how I have to go put shoes and
socks little socks and shoes on his I'm
doing shopping with a high school friend
cuz both of us live out of town and we
come back into town we're like we don't
have friends here anymore
and so we hang out with each other and I
don't have a car and she doesn't have a
car but she's doing her mom's car for
the day and we're gonna go last-minute
Christmas shopping so that's what we're
doing and I'm just trying to find socks
for my little feetsies and then that's
the end of it that's my day well I mean
that's nothing of this vlog I'm gonna go
juice doing stuff so I went shopping
with my friend earlier and got some
stuff but then kollene showed up now
it's Christmas oh oh I can see your ass
crack wait one let me see it again
no nervous now watch her the camera yeah
I'm you have the prettiest little butt
in the world I've seen it lots of times
okay I'll put an emoji over here but
anyway Colleen came to town and now
we're doing last last minute shopping
and I'm just getting stuff done and it's
fun and the choline is looking at hair
dyes so that she can dye her hair later
I realize maybe it's a maybe I realized
that I haven't posted today's vlog I
have the footage it's half edited I just
haven't posted it so I need to go home
and post it and then Clinton I are
filming an awkward Christmas music video
thing I do that doesn't know I'm sorry
look who's here it's a little baby
McKenzie and you got Demi nose huh there
they are
look you got it did it get you yeah yeah
yeah oh no you still got me nose do you
like the camera are you used to this in
your face yet she has the me nose look
walking with that I like it I'm posting
my vlog right now it's like 11:30 so
it's a little late and then I'm gonna
film with Colleen but she's dying her
hair right now or she dyed it Stephanie
dyed it and now she's straightening it
so that's my life alright so I'm going
to bed right now um we ended up not
filming the Christmas video we're into
it in the morning or in the afternoon we
just got too wrapped up in wrapping
gifts and clean dyeing her hair and
teenie and Simon came over and there was
a baby in my face I love playing with
babies when they don't cry when they cry
don't want them but when they don't cry
I'm obsessed with them but I don't want
one any time soon so don't start
thinking that I do that's it for today
thanks guys for watching I don't think
there's much footage in this maybe I'll
come a little bit tomorrow morning as it
died be smart so who would say goodbye
no just in case so I remember to vlog
this morning a little bit to add to this
vlog I'm so good somebody happened
yesterday that hold on I need to be one
more perfect so something happened
yesterday that I didn't talk about on
camera near Colleen did a DiGiorno
commercial with Clay Matthews is one of
my favorite football players that's what
she got in the mail boot hmm I'm doing
this song til it because I can pick up
it is a clay Matthew signed football
helmet that DiGiorno's sent her slash
clay Matthew set her to say thanks for
being awesome on set I and she gave it
to me I have this this is mine now clay
Matthew signed this it's mine you can't
have it I'm very excited about it it was
an early Christmas present from her to
me I'm stoked about it to go in my house
I'm gonna buy a house with a fireplace
with a mantel just so I can put that on
it my prized possession
my dad is rapping on the floor secret
and I'm gonna go hang out with my cousin
and rune we're gonna do some stuff and
then that's my life so I'm gonna in this
vlog so I can start my tomorrows does it
the other vlog that's okay yep you guys
know the deal I love you guys thank you
so much for watching it is Christmas Eve
right now Merry Christmas Eve oh I'm so
happy Christmas is tomorrow
it truly is oh good
this is just scary there's just a wall
of knives I guess like an intruder came
in right there just grab a knife and get
up ah and then there's a chicken thing
that's it okay I love you guys bye
