I guess what my mom and I have started
together a puzzle I'm in Santa Barbara
and I'm here until Christmas
and I'm just gonna doing some work today
nothing extravagant and probably do some
Christmas shopping later I don't know
what anyone else is going to Santa
Barbara I feel like callings getting
here on a Christmas Eve and I'm also
stranded because matt has my car so I'm
like relying on my parents cook I'm
basically gonna rely on my parents to
drive me around and then I'm like
calling my friends drive me pleases
I'll be fine it's only a few days I can
handle my family for that long so I
finished all my work and I'm hanging in
with my mother and we're Christmas
shopping the worst part of vlogmas is
not being able to show you my shopping
because I get things for people that
watch my blog there are like four people
on my list that I have absolutely no
clue what to get for them and Christmas
is three days away yeah oh dear God I
this I am the worst so I'm in a mall
three days before Christmas and he did
expect it to be packed right
just me my mother and some one group
strangers so this mall is they were
small in Santa Barbara that it used to
be hip-hop happening but it's now it's
just like creepy and built one shops
here
I love whoever put these books in their
section just throwing shade on the
politicians okay so this mall as it's
creepy as it is just has the best sports
memorabilia things ever like sanam ever
never has stores like this oh my gosh
I'm in love look how many mugs there are
I'm so excited so I just got home from
shopping with my mom and it's like 9:30
and I'm 800 subscribers away
mm-hmm-hmm from hitting a million and
I'm stoked about it but I don't know
I've like I don't know if it's gonna
happen before or after I fall asleep or
while I'm asleep that would suck but
fell asleep gonna happen while I was
asleep but I I just did not prepare
anything for it so sorry I'm trying to
get off my jacket I think I'm just gonna
this is just a boob show hold on I'm
just gonna do a live stream and then
I'll I'm not rapping for any of you who
think I'm gonna rap you're wrong but I
definitely do live stream and then I'm
gonna think I'm gonna put up a bonus
video that you all been waiting for
oh my god I have almost a million
subscribers and these are the kind of
shoes I wear around just I mean no boots
mommy will you buy me new boots
she said yes I'm stressing out I hope I
hit it soon I hope I hit it before I
fall asleep because if it happens when
I'm asleep I hate everybody I don't hate
anyone I love you all
look I got it up on my thing I'm so
excited
well then I gained that right back I
think I'm just gonna work on a puzzle
drink tea and watch oh my gosh is going
back and forth people figure out if you
like me or not
Oh
stress a lot of people watch this my
mommy's here are you gonna celebrate
with me you're the only one here I am
going to still celebrate and post
pictures of you when you were little
oh no you two I just texted Matt he's
like should I Drive down he's like six
hours away I was like no it's okay come
kiss me on Christmas if this doesn't
happen for no like three days the world
just decided to hate me it's like no but
it took like three more days
oh god I'm at nine nine nine two two two
this is the most exciting thing that's
happened what you want me oh I gotta go
through oh no this is this is gonna go
up tomorrow so hopefully tonight oh
goodness that that's a beauty I've never
seen these pictures before what are my
glasses why did you let me wear those a
flip phone and the Chihuahua Oh God
I was a Hershey's kiss it was a
hula-hoop and this was all foil and it
broke like two minutes into
trick-or-treating I think I look like
you and this one mom is a bad thing
you're gorgeous
stop hating yourself on it something
needs to focus on you go get some focus
but focus focus on me oh I hate this one
so much classy eating Taco Bell getting
my hair did it was this for a wedding or
something why are we that was adorable
I want that one posted oh and this is a
great one of me and Trent yeah and is
that a rat my god I'm holding a rat Oh
Colleen giving the smolder and me give
me no way like you can check Twitter to
see which ones my mom actually posted
691 to go we could do it we could do it
alright so I stayed up til 3 a.m. and I
still hadn't hit it and I was tired I
couldn't keep my eyes open more so I
fell asleep and then I woke up at 10 and
I had just hit 1 million so I did it I
hit one of me a 1 and of it I'm very
excited about
by myself in my parents house this is my
party for it but that's it for this vlog
I got to start tomorrow's vlog and I'm
in a live stream in ten minutes I'm
doing a live stream to send the braids
with all you fools who that's how I want
to celebrate with right there guys buddy
