I hope hi-ho it's not off to work I go
because I don't go to work that I worked
at home Michael
hi-ho hi-ho hi-ho what today that's
today
I think it's Sunday I'm going up is
there for the wedding I'm gonna go visit
Matt's family but first I got to do a
little jig and I shall jig for the day
all right so this vlog is one of those
two-in-one days because I'm a lot of
matched up darn it I drove to Matt's
parents house and I didn't feel that I
should take my camera out and vlog the
whole time I was there
Matt's family is normal and therefore I
didn't feel that I should just pull out
my camera because they're not like my
family where it's like I didn't take my
camera out and I just enjoyed their
company and that's what it was
you guys didn't miss out on anything
okay so now we're gonna start vlogging
this day 20 something and it starts with
me
on a train because I'd take I didn't
have to I chose to Matt and I drove up
to San Jose together and then he kept
the car and is staying in NorCal until
Christmas night and then he's driving
the car back down Christmas night but I
didn't want to stay up there till
Christmas night so I took a train down
so I was on a train for 10 hours so
here's the vlogmas day on be on train
I'm on a train I think there's one other
person on it oh hey guys do you want to
hear about my train ride okay here's the
outside look at the wonderful view I had
the entire time here's some woods that
people probably get murdered in I became
friends with this lady we had lunch
together we've talked a lot I don't know
her name but she's nice the train had
Wi-Fi and it also had a footrest and an
outlet and now it's time to get emo on
you because it was raining what are the
clouds cry on us is it because we're
mean to the earth below drip drip drip
is it a coincidence that the sound of
oil destroying the earth is the same
sound as children's tears hitting the
ground have you ever noticed the Osama
bin Laden and Obama have the same kind
of weirdness in their names
think about it the more you know I'm
finally off that train my parents came
and rescued me but then they took me to
Andrew's hockey game and I was like I
won't film this because I found a few
blogs ago but apparently when I'm not
filming I get really
and I spent screaming and we are the
only people in the stands so it's not
like you don't know where the screams
are coming from and I think both teams
hate me now
he said something funny but my camera
was off but now he won't Reis a it
stands before
that was it this man is like 80 years
old I need to know his story
Oh Meg hey no stick hitting
