I've no clue what instrument is playing
I'm not stuck I'm as me my phone
i blasphemy format got it I'm on my way
to a wedding but I just opted for
Starbucks but I got to go to a wedding
actually I've to go to a hotel get ready
for a wedding and I'm going to a wedding
this is normal for my life now because
people my age are getting married
and it's a soon we'll be having children
and then they'll die that's it
all right we just got to the wedding and
it's like on a farm and the whole ground
is mud and I'm wearing heels for the
first time in a year so let's see how
this goes shall we
Oh
the wedding's over well it's not over
it's actually still going but I was
tired and we have to wake up early but
this is the stress I wore this is my bed
my bed
smart it was a little fun it was cute it
was a wedding that's it it's a hub I'm
gonna change and then I think we're
gonna go grab a beer it's cool beer
place which I'll probably show you guys
a little alkane look I wore earrings
well the last time you guys saw me
earrings probably caline's wedding all
right right gastro pub called the
Commonwealth we got tasters
you want to taste the beer and a plan on
drinking a little bit more than one beer
a suite over here so I don't have to be
DD for this is our second order of
taster one of these sequel to one beer
and we're like splitting them so we're
gonna get a lot of tasters we're back
from the gastropub the uber driver on
the way home had her phone program to
sing her directions so it would be like
in 1.3 miles take a ride and it was like
the coolest thing I've ever experienced
in my life I'm going to bed thanks for
watching see tomorrow you guys you are
Carlito Sally Tom starlito don't
