it's the last day of the Christmas show
and then it's over
we probably grow in doing three but
right now I'm at lunch with mint and my
mommy we just heard a bunch of food my
mom ordered more than she can handle
good job and I ordered this now you know
what we're eating and you're all very
intrigued by it
want to see something really appetizing
so after my mom Matt and I went to a
lunch and Target and Starbucks like the
most basic things the world so we're now
at the theater camera watch to meet my
baby tilt that meeting group okay
so ariana came out with new songs so
obviously cleans learning the one to you
yeah yeah Christmas stuff
and things cause that plate working out
for you Parker
uh-huh good Jessica your hair looks so
luscious yeah well yeah but that was
just sitting here thinking about my hair
instead of helping my child yeah he
looks like he's doing it pretty well
he's getting the food in his mouth but
it just takes a pit stop on his pants
first
yeah it's like an assembly line oh yeah
who needs a fork fork in about aah
jokes it looks like Parker threw up but
he didn't it's just his pant food yeah
yeah I use eating food off his pants
you're gonna clean it up mom get to it
he's got a mom clean up the vomit
come on me to Danny yeah just grandma I
am too it I'm the prettiest princess
there ever shall beads that micron keeps
falling down Nick my tattoo when close
like I'm doing we're doing a Christmas
show all I wanted was for the net
cracker to happen and it was like I need
two twos and I need Andrew to lift Josh
and that's what ended up happening I'm
very happy about the whole thing I
didn't expect me to have to wear a tutu
or a crown but you know you got it you
got to lose some to win when some
too bad your son Justin
yeah
you know merrily
the final show is done and now we're all
trying to pack up our stuff
did you see that deaf guy on America's
Next Top Model yeah it was the hottest
thing I've ever seen my really is and
he's actually blew it
oh whatever that man I cheat in a
threesome with her No so we were all
hanging out in Lobby and we're all like
we're hungry and cleanse like let's all
going to talk about so clean and
Stephanie went and got talked about and
Stephanie bought everyone talked about
should everyone placed an order and when
Colleen and Stephanie went out to go get
this talked about almost all of the boys
decided to go see Star Wars were like go
get us food go get us food and then we
all go and then money and time away from
our family to get some food and we come
back and are all gone so we decided to
eat all of their food because they don't
get any leftovers yeah so this is the
last thing of their food that is left
this case Cerrito and we're all gonna
take one bite as a ceremonious slap in
the face I wouldn't even know whose
order what you this looks so gross it is
tastes like regret may the force
knocking with enjoying the movie turns
you're right we do it it's the end of
the day I'm going to sleep I'm going to
bed I have a wedding in the morning to
go to thank you guys for watching the
shows are amazing I'm happy we got to do
them and that's the end of this I love
you guys bye
