this 6:00 a.m. this is not the time nor
the place
we just dot
to Oahu I could not think of the islands
name we just got to Oahu hi
welcome I'm in Hawaii now pleasant
little flight I have to say the man I
sat next to i sat next to a stranger
she's delightful didn't speak a word to
me didn't smell didn't move much perfect
traveling companion we're checking in
now I got laid always the joke of the
day I'm sure it will be clean title of
her vlog tomorrow that she got laid
that's it we're super early so we don't
have our rooms yet oh I'm already
sweating that's kill this is a good
angle man Hawaii really lets you know a
little bumps you got on your face but
we're gonna go in the pool even though
our rooms aren't ready or the ocean
probably a pool I don't even know okay
we made it to the pool and I haven't
gone in it yet because we just ordered
food and I am starving
it's what times a year 120 here which
means it's 420 in California and I
haven't eaten anything yet so well
hungry don't think it's safe go in the
pool when I'm dis hungry I could just
pass out and drown but yeah all right
goodbye
we did the pool was lovely it's not
sunny today it might not be sunny the
entire time we're here but my mom really
wanted to want to walk to an adventure
so while Killeen does some work the rest
of us will not oh want to get married
Cory doesn't like what I got okay this
is a very hectic tour after were tennis
shoes my walk on sand now and I'm so mad
because I got that stupid planter is
some more other when I walk on sand
barefoot we're gonna get wet
so you can't get weight cuz you a
flip-flop so Cory pound a part of a veil
so he thinks that a bride tried to do a
photo shoot with fear
and that's off move again maybe it
doesn't move when there's a predator
maybe we're doing the opposite of what
we want it to do
there was a crab in that and it was
moving earlier but now won't move that's
a crap where's the fish that's like an
oily fish it's coming out to eat them
all say hello eally fish that ones
slowly oh it's moving he's gonna eat it
no I don't want death but I also don't
want you to die from starvation whoo
look at him with movie in the big fatty
a nice fat come throw big fat not moving
that's so weird
a giant crab Jessica's shaking we're
just under something and that's this all
that will happen in like this crater
thing but we're just on this huge thingy
oh I'm lightheaded I'm thirsty and
hungry we're just looking for little
creatures in the craters you found a
wild scrunchie
my mom found a crab she wants to show me
wait wait time in position we're ready
did you lose the crab cuz they didn't
like me I'm gonna scream he jumps out at
me
oh he went way back in there yeah he's
hiding from you
stupid mainlanders snap it snap it no no
sorry he was a good son you've
disappointed me there's a fish going
back and forth there's so many fishies
they're just moving around so we're
about to eat dinner we're waiting for
Angela to come right our favorite
restaurant but my body feels so weird I
feel light-headed and shaky and I can't
tell if I'm dehydrated or hungry or
tired it's probably all of the above
I got a water and we're about to eat but
I just feel like I'm gonna pass out my
family's an ABC store I'm trying to not
make a big deal about it because chances
are I'm not gonna pass out so I just
feel weird I hate it I know it's been a
to eat I need to drink water and I need
to go sleep but I can only do so many
things at a time also we wanted to film
the sunset but they're like was no good
sunset happening everyone call this
being it's gonna be great to film the
sunset and then the sunset and it just
went from blues clouds to dark it's
nothing hopefully tomorrow there's a
beautiful sunset I can film for you guys
on a time-lapse it's all about that
time-lapse
