good morning it's the date of San Jose
Show
it's Thursday maybe if you're lucky who
knows I just came downstairs to get
coffee and I found my mother
and Stephanie Oh cuties alright favorite
little cuties I'm still gonna talk to
them for a bit but I have to go upload
and get ready for the show so that's all
Lisa staying in hotels for the coffee's
free I've been paid $2 for this I mean
if I was at an actual Starbucks I expect
to pay five dollars for this well I've
got a hotel and it's not a nice hotel so
give me my freaking free coffee I'm
cheap things look so pretty
I know these were pain in the butt to
make I didn't make any of them but I
know if they were we're gonna start
running tech core is beautiful
Parker Parker confused gadget yeah what
you're looking at the people at the pool
you say food off the floor man don't eat
food off the floor Jake when you draw an
airplane
making an airplane oh cool
good work sir about to start the meet
and greet but apparently the venue
messed up and there's only 50 people
here for and there's usually 200 so it
should be a fun little party we'll have
fun with it 50 people is gonna have give
me a jam out
we're white it's like they've never seen
a camera before
I'm white I'm tan and there's my mom so
we did the shortest meet-and-greet of
our entire life only 50 people the
theater for some reason didn't sell 200
like it normally did it was just like
we're sold 50 and that's it you're so
strange so but was nice because we got
to like spend extra time with the people
who show that's like selfie by selfie
buying that's right like some wanted to
talk we actually kind of got to talk to
him a little bit but it was less people
which is sad so we got to meet less
people it's a give-and-take it's a win
and loss it's the thing I've or about to
start the show now so the last show we
did I showed you two more of the
rehearsal and tonight I'm gonna try and
show you more of the show
the show was done and we're driving back
to her town now I feel totally
what this is sure your telethon Dido Oh
father you here full time this you sell
don't see well there's a diagonal so
matching on the radio and that's what
was fun I don't do you know what
language I was it was Chinese Noah's not
Chinese it was Mandarin I don't know can
if there is anyone out there that can
speak that language please tell me what
was just said because I have no clue I
wish I could speak other languages our
family is terrible with speaking other
languages we actually just can't where
it's impossible for us like that part of
our brain doesn't work but we excel at
other areas like acting like idiots on
camera
Oh
