I was at my parents and then we left for
Santa's exude the San Jose shows today
and then we stopped for lunch and I
realized I left my Bloggie battery at my
parents house so now we've go back and
get it luckily I didn't get too far out
of town I'm like 15 minutes away so
there's no good way to deal but now just
the next 30 seconds of footage is gonna
be on an iPhone I apologize for it but I
think you'll all survive because this is
a really petty problem the vlogging
battery has been retrieved where he have
we've stopped at Firestone Bella works
brewery and we just had a beer and now
we're gonna go maybe have another beer
or Matt well cuz I have to wait a little
bit and then I have to drive you still
have another three and a half hours of
driving to do we're gonna make it fun I
don't wanna stop cause I'm gonna break
up the driving we both get really pissy
when we drive vertical got any stops
we wanted to try all the beer so we're
just getting a little tiny taster
screaming look how tiny it is child size
but children should not drink our
so they have a spot where this is like
these are all filled with beer and we're
allowed to walk around and see it all
this is what Matt's drinking right now
give me something on a drinkin give it
to me
barreled correctly this pretzel may seem
normal-sized but its massive in San Jose
right now and that's about everything
we're gonna get something to eat
it was a fine Drive I had fun I listened
to music that's what you're doing Drive
so it's basically it so we ordered two
rolls and then this came out it's a
freaking massive this isn't a roll
this is a beast complaint I mean it
sounds like I'm complaining
I shouldn't be quite right so what's the
next morning and I forgot to close out
but I always do it's not really a big
deal anymore
but it's a short vlog so I thought I'd
just say something at the end because
now when I'd forget to close out I just
don't do anything cuz yeah I don't it
doesn't really matter whoever's driving
all day yesterday so there wasn't much
to fill we're probably gonna trying a
little bit more but you know I didn't so
that's it yeah that's it for this one
it's really short but I'm sure you guys
have stuff to do now my finals week for
you guys shouldn't you be studying
should you be doing the finals get off
the internet don't get off the internet
I'm gonna know about it so it's really
left thanks for watching come out with
your blah blah blah zip in the back of
the jacket is you
