hey so it's Tuesday it's the day of the
show and I haven't filmed all morning
but we're here at the theater and we're
running stuff and I'm not technically
working this show it's all over
all my dreams have come true my father
is wearing a tutu and Trent's about to
me oh I'm so happy right now I've never
been happier rehearsal and we did meet
and greet and now we're all backstage
we're gonna start the show and I'm not
really nervous just more like no one's
gonna know what to do and it's just
gonna happen
fine I think I think it was good but I
had a lot of fun the show's done and
we're having a spaghetti party and we
just put out all the ornaments because
there's a bunch of us and we're all just
going to decorate the tree together we
wanted to be in your blog okay we're
supposed to have been decorating like
forever ago and don't like doing it so
I'm gonna put the first ornament on the
tree and it's the one with my name on it
I think I'm so annoying how it's really
knowing I'm sorry it's very difficult to
do with one hand it's hidden oh it's in
the tree Matt is insisting that my
kindergarten school photo goes on top I
like it cute my cute the old
kindergarten that was kindergarten we
call me old was the help my mom trusts
me and mid did my hair pilgrim the only
part of that madness that's me is the
ornament itself and the smile was the
first Thanksgiving
it's finally done the trays officially
done christmas is here
