but up is Monge Monge I think we're in
Santa Barbara tonight or either tomorrow
morning I don't know but I'm pretty much
done doing all I need to do it filled
out my videos and I have to get rid of
this cold I think I have and then I also
have to just order some stuff online and
then I think I'm done my finger really
hurts this one yeah it's just flipping
you off don't mean to it's not anything
he'll do this because this isn't a flip
off this finger hurts
I'm from bowling yesterday I always hurt
my fingers when I ball I think I just
use them too much I know you got peace
out is this a good angle for you do you
like this or should I think this is
better than this so I decided to leave
tonight because I'm not trying to make
it to my cousin Andres ice hockey game
tonight I haven't seen him play on ice I
leave and then I don't get back to like
after Christmas and my tree is already
dying so I think I'm just gonna take on
the ornaments and then Matt will throw
it out when I'm not looking because if I
leave it up for another two weeks and I
get home all the bristles are gonna be
on the floor and it's not gonna be
pretty
and it'll be more depressing than it is
right now so I think I might kicking my
ornaments off but I'm really sad
it's done you know this was the worst
part of the holidays happened to get rid
of them may he rest in peace on the curb
so I've been packing up all my stuff
that's it's my packing I'm really good
at it I took all my presents put it in
my car and now I have to pack up all my
laundry and then drive an hour and a
half to see a Barbara and I'm gonna see
Andrew play ice hockey and I'm excited
that's the first time I've seen him play
ice hockey I saw him do roller hockey
before and he was awesome so see if he's
still awesome on ice because he might
not be I just realized that I'm going to
I have to pack for a wedding as well
which means I'm laying out Matt's
clothes so he can decide what he wants
but I'm really glad I bought a dress
like a month ago and I'm really glad I
didn't forget it because I would have
sucked
I think I made it in I can't tell if the
puck actually ever goes into the biggie
the first time no I asked which 31 the
first okay the first start is done
answer did an epic goal and assisted
another it's to degree we're winning my
dad and I have no clue what Andrews team
is called we're called what do you call
them
yeah the yellow-brown there we go so
maybe by the end of this another name
yellow craps
I know you should always bring to a
hockey game a baby best thing ever to
bring to a hockey game an infant a
newborn another being sportsman like and
slapping each other does not become a
big slap each others hands become an
appropriate thing of happiness I'll
never understand that you're slapping
each other and when Andrew slaps my hand
it hurts
dance a baby
