come morning I just got out of shower do
you like my new robe
I got a Costco yesterday so sleek so
warm and cuddly so yeah it's like 10:30
right now and I'm gonna this is a great
angle I feel just like Josh we all get
the best angles I just let my Christmas
tree it's dying it's dead like this tree
is just completely dead 110 percent but
I'm leaving this apartment and not
coming back for a week in like two days
so it's fine I was throw it out before
then I'm getting ready because I'm gonna
go phone with Nick aka soundlyawake and
then I'm gonna do things that was those
are things but that's my main thing is
filming this house so I'm excited I'm at
Nick's house right now but he just ran
downstairs with paper towels because his
dog diarrhea no its neighbor's dog
diarrhea
but we just filmed a thing for his
channel which is actually really funny
and then we're about to film a yummy
nummies for my channel yummy nummies
will be the death of me yeah that's what
I'm doing right now okay I just finished
filming with Nick and here's some little
footage to look forward to yes very
smart shoe as you go I'm getting notes
of um plastics he is actually awesome I
love this channel he is someone I've
been subscribed to for a really long
time and I love his humor I find it
hilarious and he Dan means like what a
clap and I was like my heart like
skipped it be like yeah I do I do I go
up yes that's a lot of fun and I'm gonna
stop farting head on with my friends and
then I don't know what I'm doing the
rest of the day
Matt woke up early seems like he wants
to be productive today we'll see what
he's up to
maybe I'll join you on top of made guys
you should get that you should but you
should get too I want for Christmas you
know I've actually researched I think
with Rebecca and Matt and Josh and it's
like a thing where there's someone that
cleans your house and there's someone
who just stands there basically naked
and
and there are extra fees you can pay to
have things happen I think we actually I
don't know when we discovered that was
it last Christmas provider I don't know
but yeah that exists I'm back at home
and I'm watching football Broncos vs
Oakland Raiders and I've been editing
but I stopped to take a break because
Matt made me stay compose time I eat
that business all up in my tummy sorry
for vegetarians and vegans people I'm
about to eat a fat part of a cow I'm
about to act like a really typical
Southern California nerve but uh listen
do you hear that
it's brain doesn't rain all like in the
past two months it sounds nice and I
don't have to go out in it miss that
I've missed the rain now come January
wouldn't be sick of it I'm happy right
now it's the first rain of December it's
very nice okay I just edited for a four
hours straight and my eyes started
burning and hurting like crazy and then
my body was like oh that means you're
tired when really was she's like
contacts were dried out because I was
staring at a screen for so long so I
bought it's like it's time to go to bed
and I got super tired and then I
realized I had zero vlog footage so I
had to wake myself up and someone will
pick up my friend and we're gonna go do
something exciting don't know what it is
haven't thought of it yet but I know
that I need you to something so our
really entertaining decision was to go
bowling
all right now we're gonna bowl
ah
top
all right we're done bullying I totally
won all the games except one but I'd
film the one I lost why would i well
anyway I was in there to my friends sex
ring they're like we see you and I
thought I were and then they didn't
respond so and I loved what never saw so
I don't know people are playing pranks
on me but I don't like pranks it's like
11:00 I'm tired I'm very sweaty my pants
have become airplane pants because I was
sweating and them going for an hour
straight will do that to ya I'm gonna
drive now
