today I was supposed to go shopping with
Matt but he apparently still sleeping
and it's very late today I'm not gonna
tell you what time it is but he should
be awake right now but I'm probably go
to the mall and did some shopping and I
have to get a bunch of crap done because
I leave in two days for a whole week cuz
I have to go to Santa Barbara for shows
and go to San Jose for two shows and
then I'm Micra friend's wedding on the
Saturday and then it's my cousin stuff
he's working on the 20th but I don't
know she's having a party or not and
then it's like four days and then it's
Christmas so I have a lot to do
including clean my living room cuz it's
a mess right now I need to finish
Christmas shopping I need to finish
filming stuff I can do it though it's
not stressful I can do it which is a lot
of stuff to do but I can do it I'm going
oh I just had dinner with Matthew and we
are now shopping and there's someone
singing look at this Christmas tree
decided to get a little pump on well in
that store we're trying to find
Christmas presents for people we don't
know what to buy for don't think anyone
I know is going to care for an
elliptical so on to somewhere else but I
found things for me come more workout
pants for myself that is playing a
string on the stick it's not a guitar
it's nothing you've ever seen before
it's literally nice straight attached to
a stick they were playing some good
socks earlier with just now they were
like not playing anything and it made me
annoyed so I walked away but extreme
attached to a stick I'm at Costco now
and I found some really comfy robes I
want all of them Costco has some really
great stuff and then they have stuff
like this
yeah there's some stuff but it's a
little questionable
well questionable and I have put on the
road man there's no mad at me because
I'm wearing a robe around Costco but
this is good I think I'm actually gonna
get this I have what ever rope but it's
from last Christmas I believe and it is
worn to bit because I wear all the time
so I think I'm gonna get a new robe for
myself because I'm really easy to shop
for for us balls later I will explain to
you why I'm eating this meat but for the
first time in my life I'm gonna try a
beet
okay so Matt and I were out at a sports
store and he was like oh my gosh the
Warriors are about to lose let's go find
a place to watch the last quarter of it
and I was like okay and so we like we're
into like five different restaurants and
the only place that had it it was this
like health food place the old place I
had the game one was this health food
place and so we like went in and I was
like what we can't just sit and watch
without ordering thing so I I looked the
menu I ordered like there was a side
salad that was the cheapest thing of it
so I got a side salad they delivered it
and there were beets all hug this salad
I was like I don't I don't think I've
ever had beets so that's why I tried the
beets and it was disgusting I had to
order something and that's the whole
story
they were foul though I ended up picking
them all off the salad and putting them
on a napkin and then hiding it so that
the people at the restaurant wouldn't
see that I didn't like their beets or
tomatoes I just created something called
the burger dance Matt doesn't like it I
think you guys might
that's the burger dance guess what I'm
about to you
cabott I'm getting a burger
Birger damn worth it
I finished my burger in my fries I
thought I wasn't hungry but then I ate
all of the things I was very hungry I'm
bored at the grocery store their first
time for grocery store dances
I spent a lot of money Christmas
shopping today so we decided to go to
grocery store so that we'd eat in the
next couple meals until we leave for
Santa Barbara so that's what we just did
if you're wondering why I ate a burger
and then went straight to the grocery
store that's why being prepared and
financially responsible all wrapped a
bunch of presents no one knows who that
one's for except me all right it's like
1:00 a.m. but I gotta go to sleep cuz I
have to wake up and I'm going to go film
with Nick
aka soundlyawake I don't know if you
guys know his channel I'm gonna go do a
collab with him at noon I have a figure
I need to go search where he lives so I
know when I need to leave here uh anyway
so I'm gonna go to bed thank you guys
for watching I hope this was this vlog
was a little more entertaining and had a
little bit more footage than yesterday's
vlog which just was a total fail I'm
just I'm trying I just AM an idiot
sometimes
alright I love you guys thank you for
watching goodbye
