Hey no clue what day it is what day is
it
it's Friday is it Friday I don't believe
it yep no it's Friday today I have to go
over to Christopher jessica's for
rehearsal for the Christmas I'm sorry
the holiday show Kulina Josh you're
doing that we're all in it we the first
show is on the 15th
it's a Barbara's do we have to rehearse
today there's also a rehearsal tomorrow
but our to go that cuz I'm really good I
learned I'm up hard so everyone will be
over there I think almost everyone and
then that's it
I have to film Rachael's room and my
Tuesday video because I will be out of
town for the shows on Tuesday and
Thursday so I have to pre film all that
crap now Mike over Christmas early and
film a collab with him
but you never know what I'm gonna do I'm
a ninja I'm all over the place you're
never gonna see me except when I put a
camera on myself I'm getting ready to
leave I don't know I'm just stressed out
there's no reason now all right let's go
we've been rehearsing and we've nailed
the beginning number and we just have
17,000 more numbers to nail and we'll be
done josh has come up great boy band
moves for our family to do yes Angie's
been nailing it killing it Korie
obviously but then we're gonna work on
more stuff now by medallist practice
this is what I'm supposed to do in this
practice this Oh down see her I'm just
part of the show
let's take the roads or do
I don't know what my hair is doing what
is happening I did this to myself I
can't even complain I thought I just
look like a hot mess okay I completely
failed at vlogging yesterday like a
hundred and ten percent completely
failed at vlogging we were doing
rehearsals and if you want to see more
rehearsal I think Christopher filmed a
lot of it so and he's vlog is already a
bit so if you want to see more it's
there I I need to redo my hair is this
isn't okay I have this cough that will
not go away and it's killing me
something I did happen yesterday that I
didn't film is that one of you awesome
humans sent me a Christmas present that
was this and it flies I've tried to
flight around my living room a couple
times and definitely crashed it and hurt
my finger and attacked my refrigerator
so today which will be in tomorrow's
blog for you guys I'm definitely take
this outside and play with it so thank
you Michael is the one who said it to me
thank you very much for this it is
amazing I'm obsessed with it and I can't
wait to play with it all the time maybe
I should try right now just for this
part of the vlogs and I didn't film
anything so I'm a freaking idiot hold on
apparently there's a camera on it and
that way I can this look if there's like
a camera on it I should probably read
the instruct their like an SD card in
here okay not next of all you're gonna
see me try and figure it out thing out
but there's a camera on it till films
while it's flying which means like a
totally spy on people
hey there frosty how's it going alright
that's it for this terrible vlog I'm mad
at myself I'm I admire myself I achieved
the next day so I will achieve today
vlogging which is the next vlog god
these don't won't go away they're really
bugging me I'm just great I'm looking
great thanks for putting up with me I
know annoying love you guys bye
