no I haven't shown you guys hi I haven't
shown you my Christmas tree in a while
just in case you forgot what it looked
like there it is oh there's presents
under it that footballs not a present to
me as a present to myself this is my
football but that I can't show you all
the way around cause there's presents
over there that aren't wrapped yet for
my mommy and kollene but it's Thursday I
just posted my Rachel's room and I'm
editing my vlog right now and today I'm
going to Tyler Oakley's snervous
premiere his documentary that's out I'm
going to that premiere and I'm going
with Colleen Josh and my friend and
that's it that's all I have for today
but I mean that's pretty legit just
letting you know
and I watched Matt wash my car which was
great and then now I had to come back
and I had to do my makeup and I have to
get ready to go to Tyler Oakley's
premiere and Matt went out to go get me
food at habit and I have been cleaning
and getting ready while watching a bunch
of YouTube videos because I haven't been
watching YouTube videos in a long time
like I'm the worst I'm terrible and
that's I should I should be watching
stuff so I like caught up and cleans
vlog minutes I've watched the last like
10 videos of Josh's I've been
sporadically watching Christopher's
every once in a while so I'm getting
caught up because I'm really lame and I
just I haven't been watching anything
and I'm a terrible human being so I'm
catching up and that's basically what
I've been doing all day and I'm gonna
leave in like an hour I'm actually doing
laundry right now because what I want to
wear was dirty so I'm doing laundry as
well so it's just been like a day of me
doing things that are not interesting
for you but and they aren't interesting
for me either let's be real but I did
wrap presents I brought more presents
see the wrapped I was like oh I need to
clean the living room so really I could
wrap the presents so the purple wrapping
papers for my mom the kitty cat wrapping
papers for my sister the green ones for
my dad
and everyone else is either I haven't
bought yet
or it's in the mail right now so those
ones are just like my my parents in
Culina I could shop for things at Target
and everyone else it's like I have to
kind of go shop around which is fine but
I'm gonna go do things
alright I'm on my way to Killeen Josh's
I had no clue what to wear so I went
with jeans and a long sleeve and heels
with boot heels I hope they're called I
don't know boots with heels I'm really
lame I can't dress myself I'm terrible
at it
and I don't care I don't that's all I'm
blogging in secret so we got here and it
was a massive so we were supposed to
walk the red carpet and none of us
really wanted to do it and said we just
went and cool I was like let's just go
me all the kids were outside we sweat
inside hide all the kids and took
figures with them instead of taking
pictures with professional cameramen
that don't give a crap about us so that
was a lot of fun now we're inside the
theater waiting for it to start I see a
lot of people I don't know many of them
that's the whole story I got popcorn as
I always do I think popcorns it I eat it
like four times a week as a meal this is
my dinner actually
nice four times a week I genuinely pop
one four times a week
French delicious it's my favorite food
besides french fries and pizza and
Chinese food so we're done with the
premiere we went and we saw it and it
was great and I was in it
so was Colleen so if you were thinking
about not seeing the movie you could see
it for my face yeah holy was it famous
alright now we're working on a Christmas
things this is the Christmas show this
is the first time I'm helping out with
it I'm great but it's it's in Santa
Barbara on the 15th in San Jose on one
of the following days some do it watch
it see it all right I'm heading out I
built that Josh was like I want to slay
and then that was made I know that you
were gonna make this like well Colleen
designed at Sammy cut it and I wrapped
it you slayed this way why that's such a
bad thing you must say it again oh yeah
we can say it 20 times but you you you
slayed this line he said nice let's play
the sled hashtag
Rachel slaves I'm still in that place I
mean you literally slayed in Matt's
laces never slaved in that way he's
played in different ways
but is literally slayed yeah Oh loser
ridiculous this is gonna go on forever
all right bye
