good morning little munchkins I just
slept 10 hours after Disneyland I was
very tired and my feet heart and now
they feel great and it's fantastic
I'd love a good sleep I don't really
know what I'm gonna do today but I'm
sure we'll find out so I'm a target
right now but I have yet to do my makeup
because my makeup was in my car and I
didn't want to go down in my car do my
makeup and then go back upstairs to come
back downstairs so I'm just gonna do my
makeup in a car real quick I am put
together adult human being we've got it
together so I put my foundation on
because I've got massive zits and then I
realized that my face powder is in my
backpack because I took it into
Disneyland and my backpacks in my living
room probably should've done my makeup
at home but I thought that this was just
easier I'm an idiot so now my face looks
kind like greasy I'll put some bronzer
on that'll help
I also just realized I left my eyeliner
in my backpack as well and you can't put
on a full face without any eyeliner
that's just ridiculous
so I'm gonna try and use a dark color
eye shadow I have as eyeliner this might
be very easy and normal for most people
but I'm terrible at makeup I only know
what I know so this might end terribly
I'm done I did my makeup
this was my makeup disaster I know I'm
stressing I'm gonna make up so much I'm
going into target I needed to do my
makeup as I had zits and I don't like
being self-conscious about zits I rather
just walk around confident so I put some
makeup on and then I just I forgot half
of my god I feel fine now I got this I
am sad that I don't have my chapstick
that is in the other bag chapstick some
I truly need then I'll live let's go
target the place of happiness boom
I succeeded at buying everything I
needed well I put it my private body yet
guess what I'm really excited because I
remembered to bring a coupon which I
never do and I let all of them expire
and I could have saved thousands
billions of dollars really like 10 but
this is our mortar Brandt I'm the best
because scandalous this mannequin is
just going pantless and her robe only at
your house not in Brookstone so I
randomly decided to go over Kristin
Jessica tonight to do a game night and
I get on the freeway and I see a cop
swerving back and forth and they stopped
the entire freeway we're a deadlock
traffic and we're just sitting here but
we haven't moved in forever and I don't
think we're moving anytime soon
I've literally been on the freeway for
one minute and it just became this
there's just a cop he's just swerving
back and forth for funsies I'm sure
there's an accident or something up
there or maybe he just is in a really
bad mood and wanted to pisses all off
who knows but I'm at a time in we've
been here for about five minutes see how
long it lasts some people are moving
we're moving again we're having it only
took like ten minutes we're moving I've
no clue I'm gonna find out what that was
actually probably won't find out
whatever I just got to christopher's and
Jessica's and Rob Doolin game night it's
Jessica's dream and today I was just
like you know what I decided to make
Jessica's dreams come true and so we're
doing a game night and we're gonna play
what are we playing right now we're
playing Ticket to Ride there you go
Ticket to Ride a great game super fun
I'm only playing it cuz apparently I get
a train unless I'm filming the fact that
jessica has to use this such a vlog
because totally I'd be like I ain't in
the girl one you'd be like Jessica's
complaining about nothing no it's the
word we just finished playing and I won
I got first place that's all so I did
inform you guys this is what it looked
like at the end it's really pretty it
looks like a school project when flight
Moran is tour schedule it does
she's starting here you do this then go
here little they're not all the way
there in there and then sometimes you
end up back at LA right now we're
playing Settlers of Catan ever it's 1:00
in the morning and we're all very tired
and we're all just arguing with each
other on a free flew from but I actually
don't think it's 1:00 in the morning and
I went on are you Bob very tired what's
my but game night you are not invited
okay it's 1247 okay guys I'll give you
the exact minutes but I don't know if
we're gonna finish this game or I just
have to win really quickly just got back
from crispers and Jessica's and we were
way too late I feel so bad they have to
wake up with their children tomorrow and
they're going to be so tired well I had
a lot of fun we didn't get to finish
Settlers of Catan and I feel really bad
because jessica has always wanted to
play that game and she's only played it
once before but couldn't finish it and
then that have the exact same thing
happen tonight I feel so bad Jessica if
you're watching this we will play and we
will finish it one day I promise I had a
lot of fun though oh my goo bird oh you
know what my makeup stayed on today and
I'm very proud of it my makeshift makeup
besides this business this business is
just trouble but my eye shadow eyeliner
works so well I'm so proud of myself my
makeup disaster wasn't a disaster it was
a blaster I was trying to think of a
good word that rhymes with disaster
that's a positive thing I couldn't my
throat hurts I think I need to sleep
goodnight guys thanks for watching
dragon wanna retire man
