hey it's 7 a.m. on Tuesday I normally
don't wake up to like 11 but I woke up
early today
because I'm going and still I am I have
a friend in from New Jersey and I'm a
friend in from Australia and we're all
going Disneyland together
I don't want hopefully Christopher will
be there with the kids and some other
friends might stop by say hi but it's
just gonna be one big Disneyland happy
family I'm gonna go get ready cuz I have
to leave in like 45 minutes I'm asleep
alright I made it to Downtown Disney
won't even in Disneyland I just found
out most people I'm with I've never gone
to Disneyland before so I'm gonna show
them around it's a little stressful it's
a lot of pressure on me to show them a
good time at Disney but my dad prepared
me for this moment my entire life so I
think it'll be good Trista and Jessica
are already here and so we're gonna meet
up with them and Disney ready let's go
we officially hit the Disney crowd
I hate it I've actually never been to
Disney was this crowded before I don't
understand the madness is to get through
security it's not even to get into a
ride or the park itself it's just to
carry please look I got it together
they're not losers they're having a
blast if I'll pick an Astra blast
we're on Astro blasters since what is it
a hyperspace Mountain I thought it was
always just Space Mountain is that a new
thing or my just just back what flow
it's love with the time set wow I sound
old bye
when lighting up waiting in line for
like 60 hours for Jungle Cruise about 60
whole hours I just really want a pickle
that's all I want is a pickle
every child has this random need to bang
these things
soccer's over at no to literally every
human why did I put these here I'm out
on it because while I'm in his mind
that's all I hear
finally made it all it's something I'm
so excited that I speak often Slee
misery I understand
in the lane snow is glistening she must
be Santa's open-face both laugh that's
all that matters the beautiful baby some
me walking in on gone away is the
Bluebird here to stay we decided to come
over to California Adventure now before
like it got super crowded because I
noticed all the line
I have the app that shows me the wait
times for the line I notice all the
lines really shorten California ventures
so we send a pop over here and we walked
in at our chair in my head I'm like oh
it's like a 40-minute wait and then
right as we got up here somebody was
like oh you three people want these
three fast passes we have them and are
going to use them this isn't a magic
it's a magical day look who I found
again troublemaker
Harlan sorry we're gonna soar over
California
did you record that boy what you can't
breathe
Oh someone is smoking weed I got a chair
Oh
we're about to go on the cars ride but
I'm doing single rider I don't want to
wait in line for sixty minutes when
single riders like 20 it's just
ridiculous I don't care about these
fools I don't care if I ride next to
them and I just want to go on the ride I
just got on the ride and there are so
many crying children all around us like
four girls crying they don't want to be
on line drive our little soldier
it's nighttime now which means Christmas
is out and every time it rains it rains
panzram heaven she'll be too big don't
you know each cloud contains banners
from heaven cubed to me you'll find your
fortune falling don't know not make a
noise couldn't touch it all right I'm in
a really long line right now
can't take like maybe a half hour for a
churro
that's euro fight I just watched it it
is like my favorite thing in the whole
world I'm not that huge into Star Wars
or anything of that but that churl
lightsaber fight was probably my
favorite thing or I've broken cool II
just got here with Corey they decided to
March the fireworks but they just wanted
to start tours cuz we're at extra fast
passes so we're chilling outside waiting
to them my feet are tired it's getting
to the end of the day it's like 9
o'clock so fireworks happen soon and
then I think we're gonna head out
I found Colleen she's in a very good
soft delicate disguise I got my leg she
hasn't stick out at all wanted to sue
and we're like normal clothes I'm
wearing a hundred percent normal
clothing right now anywhere we're trying
to find a spot to watch the fireworks
nothing
get in
fireworks are over but Jacob won't
believe us
they're over yeah they're over there
over beautiful and magical be the new
girl our cats anus don't only talk about
nobody's being the editor so I was dated
I just think you like not editor really
awesome
I love what Ruskin talks to me because
it's all positive things about myself in
different on mansion now and I've never
gone to it when it's Christmas themed
plum berries I've never done the
Christmas one you can't see her shop
I've done no Halloween on in the normal
law but I've never done Christmas one so
I'm really excited
Oh
put up the tree
Hey
at the end of the night so like
everything's closed or Norden we don't
want to run a wet ride so we're going on
Winnie the Pooh are you so excited oh I
love a good pal it should work in this
ride here's not having our good night
she give us all types of been around us
my lovin bit of time taking pictures at
the castle that's it at the end of our
Disney all right so this is the end of
the vlog I'm going to end it here
because I know when I get home I'm going
straight to my bed and passing out
alright so I'm ending it love you guys
thanks for watching see you tomorrow
buddy there's gonna me every gonna know
it's been a while but we need a house
this year
let me know
