hey guys good morning today I am
stressing out because I leave for Hawaii
tomorrow and I decided that while I'm in
Hawaii I'm gonna send blaze so a little
training camp yeah you can go to a
little training camp it's this couple's
house and I was actually referred to him
by a couple other youtubers and
apparently he's awesome and those are I
talk to him phone he's about to come
pick up blaze in 30 minutes and I mean
I'm gonna be in Hawaii so I figured this
is the perfect time if he needs to cuz
there's something I just haven't been
able to figure out how to train him and
these people can do that for me so he
won't come back
hundred percent perfect but he'll come
back about eight percent perfect baby
but it's stressing me out because I
can't explain to him what's going on so
I'm scared he's gonna think I abandoned
him or something I'll never abandon you
okay
okay you're gonna have so much fun
there's other doggies there and they
said you don't sleep in a crate you'll
be sleep in bed with them or on the
couches wherever you want and they're
just gonna train you to be a good little
boy mommy's LAN by a pool in Hawaii uh
so that's Tess is having now so the guy
will be here in about thirty thirty
minutes I might walk dirt just dirt I'm
stressing out I feel like this thing
that sucks about animals is you can't
explain to them what's happening you
can't tell them I love you I'm not
leaving you forever you will see me
again this is how long it is until we
see each other again
like you can't explain anything to them
so they just think that you hate them
and you've abandoned them and do you in
play you don't play so the trainer guy
just picked up the dog he's a very
loving man I'm going to miss him I'm I
promise I'll have about three breakdowns
because it lays there for two weeks so I
get home and there's five days where I
don't see him
I can live I will get through this
oh my god hello hello we just went
shopping at Target for like an hour and
a half too long I mean I love Target but
we were in there for too long now I'm
dropping out Killeen and since we still
we're leaving for Hawaii tomorrow
crazy good night 0% ready 5% 0% polkas I
bought bikinis so now I'm 5% do you
think that swimsuits bikini it to be to
me bikinis were like string tiny little
show you're petite they're all bikinis
yeah I never knew the difference between
like swimsuit bikini bathing suit what's
a bathing suit they're all the same to
me all very confusing guys I miss my dog
so I've been home packing and getting
ready and everything let me turn off my
Sonos hashtag um and it's just weird but
like it's just weird cuz everything I do
in my life involves my dog just in one
way or another and now to go through
life without him is atrocious like
that's the only word I can use hasn't it
been 24 hours yet here's an example I
shower at night sometimes and when I
shower halfway through my shower I see
my dog walk through my bathroom door and
sit on the towel on the ground and watch
me shower until I exit the shower then
he licks my legs
it sounds perverted it's not it's very
innocent he just wants to lick the water
off my life I took my shower
halfway through oh look out there's a
little doggie there the dog makes me
feel so loved and appreciated just not
here anyway I leave my house at 4:45
tomorrow morning am 4:45 a.m. that's
know like why should I even go to sleep
I'm motioning my legs the moment so I
have to basically fall asleep hopefully
at 11:00 p.m. that's that's not gonna
happen I'm trying to get ready
it's 10:30 right now I'm hoping to get
into bed in a half hour
but I highly doubt it but I just took my
shower and shaved everything so I don't
get the shower in the morning
and that's that's my life but I don't
have a dog with me there's no doc I
don't like it has really as I mean I
think you know Hawaii I'll be fine cuz
I'll miss him but it's not gonna be like
oh this my dog is part of my normal
routine I'll miss him but there won't be
as many reminders but when I get back
it's still five more days till I see him
there's gonna be five days at moment no
more dog still so I'm at this point of
packing where I've over packed onto my
bed and now I have to condense it for
the first time in a long time I'm
bringing two personal bags
kollene trained me for many years to
just bring one carry-on because we
wanted to travel as light as possible
but I think it's time I take another bag
I just finished my laundry so now I have
to make sure there's nothing and that
was in that laundry they won't bring
with me packing it's terrible but it's
so worth it when you're void of white I
love the lighting it looks like I got
electrocuted yes yes look this this this
usually I have to pick this up
immediately so my dog doesn't eat it but
it's not right I should pick it up cus
it's trash so the talk helps me be a
better person
really no dog okay I just had to smush a
cricket and there is no dog to come in
and eat it for me so I have to pick up
this mush cricket all on my own
sweetie I really look at a dog for solo
makes life so much harder
I finished packing up my clothes to the
best of my abilities and now I got to
put on my electronics in this bag and
I'm carrying this bag on and I'm
checking this bag but should have done
it the other way around because this is
safe I don't know I'm fine who cares I
think I'm done that's my list for things
to grab in the morning such as chargers
and toothbrush alright it's 11:15 it's
11:20 I think it's time for bed I miss
my dog
