this Monday everyone hates Mondays oh
hey Tom they're fine okay so my mom
tried to FaceTime me like 16 times this
morning cuz she has Parker so I'm gonna
FaceTime her back oh I'm losing the
camera grip
hey look it's us just hanging out
together you and me hey it's heart hey
mom how are you good how are you
there's somebody you want to talk down
yeah there is ah hi Ferger hey how are
you I love you are you taking a nap yeah
are you sleeping are you just laying
there okay you're sleeping playing you
gotta take a nap first you gotta take a
nap kiss me goodnight and then you'll
take a nap okay ready kiss mwah
thank you all right go take your nap I
love you you've been keys you're over
there you've got to get that binky
all right thanks mom Oh naps don't you
wish that we all took naps though I
don't
I hate naps but so does he but he starts
to tick one cuz he's a child no it may
look like I haven't gotten ready for the
day but I have taken a shower I just
haven't done my makeup or put my clothes
on by half tea right now I have to film
a Rachel's room
dig deep
I'm trying to film my videos not day
that I'm supposed to post them which is
difficult because then I have to like do
things beforehand and not last minute
procrastination is like my favorite
thing ever but it's not good so I
shouldn't do anymore
alright somebody set up I just filmed
and I am out of breath because in my
Rachel's room that'll be up Thursday I
basically sing my heart out - hello by
Adele oh I can't do the glam and it Emma
did despit out that was nasty
they're just like this mucus balls I
don't know why I have them why I'm not
sick I feel fun I don't have a runny
nose
I'm not tired it's just as random cough
I have it's so annoying needs to go away
I'm very angry about it and anything
that that day might break thanks rub up
a little while right now I'm watching
football and basketball it is so
depressing to watch the Lakers though
it's just terrible
mr. playing Lilly's team they're winning
so that's the only upside to losing
right now but it's a lot of here so I
doubt you can hear me I'm going to use
some legs and watch the net be it dream
so big and loud jump so high touch the
clouds we made a mess now we're going to
go to a different bar and finish
watching I finished watching the
football game it looks like the Lakers
are about to lose 91 to 105 with 38
seconds left
the preposition slightly if you're
watching this the rapper's won alright
I'm back it's bedtime basketball game
the Lakers lost in the football game the
Cowboys won it was a very boring boring
football game until like the last one
minute and then it was slightly exciting
um but yeah so I'm gonna go to bed but I
don't think I have enough footage so you
guys get to watch me get ready for my
bed this is my night time routine
you
okay it's bedtime now thanks for joining
me today and I love you guys in yourself
special to my up there was a noise my
feet shall not exit the bed tonight
alright can I guess let me be
