hatred faces it's Sunday so football is
playing on my TV I'm almost done editing
my vlog and I have to take a shower and
go to see my little niece and nephew
sing little hearts out at a Christmas
dinner and a Christmas choir thing I
don't know I'm going to see them sing
that's all I know that's at five and
then I'm going to pick up my sister from
the airport at 8:30 and then they said
my belly button oh that wasn't
attractive I'm cutting that out or just
putting a thing over what should I put
over I'll put a big bow or my tummy I
don't know how that's going to work I'm
setting myself up for editing failure
okay so that's what I'm doing oh I don't
want it finished my mom it's like work
it's not at all you should never
complain about that okay oh my god this
is a little checkered I actually just
needed footage for the click tomorrow
thing I always have to film something
while I'm editing so that you can see
like the next day's footage so that when
it is up I can annotate that and you can
click to it she don't know that's why I
do this uh Drive cramps right now I
think I might have cramps right now
don't take it hey how you doing that was
weird
I'm at a church right now and I'm gonna
go see the kids perform Christmas things
I don't know if it's a church service or
if it's just Christmas things I've got
to find out I found a cute little bug
can you wiggle yeah good wiggle
Pickers firm Hey switchin lenses over
your suite is all embarrassing getting
real intense with his vlogging things
there's another lens wall right now you
bring a whole bag of vlogging things
it's a bag of just lenses but the rest
was bloggers to shame geez man I might
log you too today I'm going
I don't even know what that is I'm this
you this is like your way to be a
complete geek
I feel like Casey nice that he does this
yeah I have to I have to credit him the
one that says no be alright or tacit
church right now and what is this thing
what is this concert I don't know what
this is it's like a Christmas concert
just kids like kids sitting there in a
fire hold on I gotta get my microwave
God he's a microphone I'm done I have
one vloggy and that's the end of it
yeah
Oh
so I just finished the kids concert they
were adorable and there was the girl
above Bayley standing but Bailey was
really cute and everything but she just
looked amazed at everything around her
and wasn't really she never really
performed but she was on it like she was
on stage looking like oh my god I'm
performing in front of all these people
but she like was too amazed to actually
perform anything so she just got to
stood there the contrast between her and
Bailey was amazing right now I'm at in
and out
yes I'm editing out again yesterday
tweeted I'm not in town so I was like
didn't you have that last night yeah
bish I did have that last night and I
had it tonight I had a traditional Ida
last night I'm having it again tonight I
can eat whatever I want whenever I want
you don't control me and it's in and out
if you've ever had in and out before you
know you can eat it every single day of
the week and knock you're bored of it
cuz it's delicious so suck my but anyway
the reason I turn this on is because I
had to leave dinner with my family like
everyone went to go get dinner after the
show and I'd leave because Colleen needs
someone to pick her up at LAX so I'm
going to LAX to pick her up during the
holiday season and I went on Instagram
and I saw that Josh posted his picture
Sadie saying waiting for my BAE like
this photo implies that he is at the
airport waiting for Colleen that man is
not picking her up from LAX I am picking
her up from LAX he does not pick her up
he never picks her up I'm always the one
that has to pick her up cuz he doesn't
like going to LAX Hines going to LAX but
Josh you did not get credit for picking
her up from the airport and I took that
picture of him I do that picture rim of
the Santa Barbara Airport like two
months ago and we were going to Seattle
so he's trying to get off looking like
mr. Stay mr. cutie pie mr. lovey-dovey
no I'm on to you Joshua you already do
not get that credit uh-uh I'm the one
driving an hour and a half to her not
you
me me that's this dream I love you Josh
don khon it like I see it we meet again
I picked up Colleen but I didn't film it
because we were driving the whole time
and it was boring so I know you would
see her look I can get upside down no
upside it on my bed uh-huh I did it did
you like it
I was upside down this is what happens
at 1:00 in the morning when I'm tired
and I'm not asleep yet we didn't can be
T to be finished I'm wearing two pairs
of pants do you like it do you like it
I'm so weird right now I should go to
bed definitely I'm not sick but I've got
this really weird cough and every once
in a while a massive green thing it pops
up in my mouth after I cough it's gross
all right that's it I love you guys I'm
gonna go to bed see you tomorrow bye
it's the most beautiful savatthi lights
fill the streets spreading so much - I
should be playing in the winter snow but
imma be and
