it's been quite a morning green one I
look like this
just woke up flawless - there's my
Christmas tree it's not let three I'm
trying to edit my vlog but I tried way
too hard to film it cool and it's
stressing me out because I'm an idiot
anyway and fourth thing about my morning
I woke up to a text message from Colleen
I don't know what I'm allowed to say
what I'm not so I'm gonna be very vague
and when I say she is filming a
thingamabob for thingamabob with a
certain sports Idol human being and she
doesn't know anything about this human
or the sports but I love this human in
the sports it's not Kobe and the Lakers
don't worry anyway Helene is filming
with this person and she doesn't know
anything about this person and I'm
stressing out and I'm very angry I'm not
with her like the one provide out go on
is the one where I could have met one of
my favorite humans of my favorite sports
I'm very angry about the whole thing and
she sent me a photo of him and his
muscles look so great and he just I just
want to cuddle him and I want him to
pick me up I'm very stressed out anyway
let it try and continue editing and then
my friends having a birthday party on a
boat I think so I'm supposed to go out
to Huntington Beach later today in like
an hour actually so I need to get in the
shower and finish this thing alright bye
I let you down is it sorry now him right
now I'm driving to Huntington Beach to
go on a boat for my friend's birthday my
GPS it would only take me an hour and
then the second I started driving it was
like what I knew that's an hour and 20
and so I fear that I'm going to be late
and it's a schedule thing because it's a
boat but I'm just driving in traffic now
this is fun oh and by the way Colleen
snapped it so I think I can talk about
it she filmed with freaking Clay
Matthews you don't know who he is he's
this monster and I'm in love with him
he's huge he's the only man I allowed to
have long hair it's true I allow it to
happen all right I'm gonna put this down
Kalama traffic I'm and I'm gonna go jam
out Justin Bieber goodbye I just got all
my friends and now we're walking on a
pier thing and we're going to a boat and
I just found out that my friend is
piloting the boat you are jumping look
what you did
but it's what I my friend is piloting
the boat so I think we all might die
today this is it this is the death trap
this is what I'm going to die on today
because this dude's driving it cuz it's
this dude birthday yeah I missed a spot
got some clock going up on a Tuesday got
your girl in the gun she chose and club
going up on Tuesday got your girl man
gonna cheat you say
on Tuesday girl girl the butch aside
from running battle in the ocean
Oh God what if we sink we're not getting
on a boat I'm starting it up again you
can't see me and careful but the boat
just like stops everybody if you hold
your breath it'll make it easier for
both side you're lying I'm trying to
keep everyone calm the back and check of
the tie-down that's to come to you got
it is it flooded no we've to see what's
going on like the boat genuinely just
stopped working do you know what you're
doing yeah I won't give guests they
won't do a throttle watch it will start
let it start let it warm up a bit then
warm up a bit warm up it's underwater
yeah I told you we were gonna die
you used to call me on my cell phone a
night when you need my love call me on
my cell phone late night when you need
my love and I know when that hotline
bling I was driving and then the engine
died I thought this ball it's all my
father's I didn't drop this up drop this
trash
he's the stereotype
Dubey oh sorry
in and out again and we got these seeds
these girls right away in a hurry and we
looked and this is this on the seat
which of course Mike has decided oh
nasty
it's definitely period and not ketchup
because I make a yellow attempt to it
but it nasty so girls what we're playing
with this my love life they wiped it
down so he sat on it it's gross oh it's
I just got home it's like 11 o'clock I
had so much fun but before I left for
the trip I put my socks on and then I
stood up and I banged my toe against
this coffee table and it hurt and I fell
to this ground and was still for like
ten minutes and just didn't say it was I
was in so much pain I just didn't say
anything
Matt was sitting in that chair and had
no clue that I hurt myself because I was
just silent cuz I just all the pain was
in D um but then I didn't want to look
at it cuz in my brain if you don't look
at it it's not there there's there's no
alley so I just didn't even look at it
and I put my shoes on and then as I was
driving there I tried to bend my toes
cuz I've got extra room
these boots there's like extra room for
my toes to wiggle any time I tried to
bend my toe down it was excruciating ly
painful I like I can bend it up and I
can like I can go like this with my toe
but I can't do this with my toe so I
don't know what the toe looks like I I
think it's I think it's sprained or
stubbed real bad so let's take my shoe
off and if it's a weird color I thought
maybe you'd guys would like to see it
but I doubt it's anything I'm sure it's
just like a little sprained and it's
fine but I'll check it out and walking
kind of hurts all right
it's this toe right here looks fine it
looks a little smushed out it hurts it
hurts real bad but it looks fine ah
there's a ninja in my apartment all
right it's like 3 a.m. I'm going to bed
I just watched like six episodes of
Jessica Jones my toes still hurts but
it's okay I think it's getting a little
better so it looks fine it's probably
not broken
I'm just dramatic all right love you
guys see you tomorrow
