it's Friday look at em Emmett coffee
button on did it I'll press that button
so good and I give him a little pod that
doesn't taste like coffee tastes like
classic you get a cup that gets mad at
me because I have too many mugs but look
it look at my mug ratio to his beer
glass ratio I think I'm fine
let's go to Target
I only bought a few of those but I just
needed some plain shirts all of my plain
shirts I have had for the past like four
years like this shirt I think is a
pajama shirt I got it four years ago
from my mother so I just need some new
shirts
look at me while I'm logging I know I'm
just doing a little Christmas shopping
you know the normal things you do life
update I just went to the gym here's
some footage
but I was on the treadmill oh my stomach
kind of hurt
and then I went and worked out my legs I
was like oh my uterus hurts and so I
left gym early and now I'm gonna go get
food that's all that's all you need to
know
with sound
where the grocery store getting food for
dinner I got my fish even though we just
went to hamburger habit and ate an
entire meal but it was our appetizer
this is for later tonight at like 10:00
p.m. when we're starving that was
disgusting of me but I thought it was
funny that's looking at spicy things I
don't like spicy things it's 2:00 a.m.
and I'm gonna go to bed look at my
Christmas tree I ought to point that out
in like every single dog thing this vlog
i weirdly filmed this vlog I don't know
why I just wanted to do something
completely different it was way too
artsy for anyone's liking I was trying
way too hard I'll go back to doing
stupid vlogs and I know that you guys
have really liked my brain my little
homeschool braids I got going I just
it's really cute I should do my hair
like this more often
I'm really lame all right I'm gonna bed
thanks guys for watching you guys see
these vlogs tweet at me tell me what you
want to see cuz I don't know what to put
in this crap I don't know what your
favorite parts these vlogs are cuz I
don't think that these are entertaining
do you guys like it won't I just talk to
the camera - when I show other things
when I do montages when I do
artsy crap that should never be filmed
by me what do you like seeing cuz I need
to know thank you very much for telling
me that's your homework assignment so
suck it deal with it guys
