it's Thursday I literally have zero
plans for today it's kind of nice so I
think I'm just look how great my little
Christmas tree looks it's just so
beautiful you know what's great is that
I'm blind so when I take off my glasses
because I'm supposed to wear my glasses
right now but when I vlog with them
there's a glare but when I look at
Christmas lights without my glasses on
it looks just it's like a blur of
gorgeousness and it's the only good
thing about not being able to see it's
almost 8:00 and I haven't found anything
today I'm the worst father in the entire
world but I haven't done anything worth
blogging I worked and then went to
Costco and you guys have seen that
already so I'm over at Colleen's
and I told her what hey I told her she
has to do something entertaining for my
blog we did we just rehearsed dancing
that we're going to do in the Christmas
shows are you guys coming to those that
are in Santa Barbara in San Jose
there's two in San Jose is one Santa
Barbara and it went we should come
because we're gonna do dancing I'm gonna
dance and be great I'm dancing ballet
we're all dancing ballet actually
we're gonna go look at houses with
lights on them we're gonna go Christmas
light viewing thing that's what we're
gonna go do right now so you bet they do
we're gonna do something slightly
entertaining and clean almost killed us
she didn't end all thought decided she
was a good driver
she stopped was a siren so clean took us
to an old neighborhood that she found
lights at last year and there's this
huge display but it's not on this is all
the slit and then inside their house we
know you're home taarna and now we're
just walking around trying to find other
lights not impressive this is lame well
it's actually better watch out you
better not cry
love straight guy straight guy straight
in the fountain out in out in I'm at in
and out it's way later I went over to
Klein's I hung out we want Christmas
lighting feeling and now I'm in and out
with Matthew and I'm getting my 1:00
a.m. meal I eat at breakfast at noon i
lunch around 5:00 and then I eat my
dinner around like midnight or 1:00
that's just how my food schedule set up
are they gonna take my water
Mar the thing I mean
remember exactly a year ago he was mr.
eBay and you guys got all pissed because
you couldn't say no not much has changed
we've been sitting here for like five
minutes and then this car pulled up and
they started taking that cars order
excuse me I have been here for quite
some time I'm hungry
where's my dinner hi baby
hey lady just hope he's throwing shade
at the drive-thru I don't wanna get
shade getting thrown at me the readers
are betting a drive-thru where there's
like another Lane if two lanes are there
happen at the inn announced all over
California but you feel that you're in a
race with the other line cuz if that
dude gets his food before my Alma gift
this is this is me getting I should
write a yelp review about it and get
very angry in my yelp review we're about
to move up or be oh my god we're neck
and neck with this car they are pulling
over the same back wait any money can
you take my money so I get my food I
need to beat the da car who got here
after me but somehow order before me cuz
girl be sure throwing shade I got my
food at that car still be though this is
petty I'm petty I'm a terrible human
being but I just I got mad and
unrightfully I'm one of those people on
Yelp
I apologize black Mercedes car I don't
know I'm tired that's it alright it's
the end of the night I'm going to bed
I'm watching some weird Bill Murray
Christmas musical special I don't know
what it is
but I'm kind of bored of it so I'm gonna
go to bed thank you guys for watching
check you later
let me Bey
