I'm gonna get a Christmas tree today
hello it's Wednesday and I'm gonna get a
Christmas tree and I'm gonna put a right
dere Matt actually picked out the spot
so I'm not calling about to set up cuz
I'm making video with her and then
that's all you have to know now alright
I just filmed a video with Colleen and
we made this volcano erupt and this is
the aftermath of it if you want to see
well that why the volcano is green
yellow orange and hot pink check out my
main channel on Tuesday it'll be up on
Tuesday I just filmed two videos with
Colleen one for my channel one for hers
and I ate a yummy nummy for the first
time I just needed to turn the camera on
because I hate these stars Clint has
hanging up because when I walk by it I
hit my head and our hearts every time
it's like a Death Star so hum from coins
and now I'm gonna go get sushi with
Matthew and then I'm gonna go get my
Christmas tray and I'm flying sided
about my friends oh great but I also
need to go to Target to get a base for
it and ornaments and Christmas tree
lights cuz those are different than
normal lights trust me I know
it's a Christmas thing so every time I
come to sushi I never know what that is
this looks like skin last time I was
here with my friend Rachel whittling she
told me she's like Rachel its ginger so
I realized that I like this Blackey skin
it's a good clappy skin so if you wonder
what the flabby skin is it's ginger
all right I'm at Home Depot getting
things for my Christmas tree my first
Christmas tree but I can't find
Christmas tree sans and Home Depot they
have really put as much as they possibly
could in one section of Christmas
maybe there's stuff outside I'm just
gonna ask them onward Christmas tree
stand is because this is ridiculous
all right things are purchased it looks
so sad with them all wrapped up so sad
looking at him this way pathetic my fun
is just the thing okay so the picture
I'm showing you at this moment this
picture again all of a sudden this
little boy jumps in all right let me
take this stuff down oh I think I found
the type and size I want but I don't
know what to do now do I just go into
these patterns hence I'm Emmitt Otterton
now I'm just a tattered tent all right
so we're leaving Home Depot because I
couldn't see the tree and like I didn't
want to unwrap every single one to see
the most perfect tree and I'll just like
let's just go to a Christmas tree farm I
feel bad because like everyone's here
but we're going a Christmas tree farm
because I'll be able to see my tree
before I bought it now we're at a
Christmas tree farm and for a second it
smelled like porta-potties because
there's porta-potties right there
hopefully soon I start smelling that
Christmas trees
I think I found the one I want I think
it's this guy it's skinny it's like as
high as me and it's good I've been
tougher for a tree topper I think I like
this a moment later I've switched to
this one we're going with a noble and
not a Douglas the top of my car it's
here it's here it's in my house I have a
Christmas tree at my apartment I can't
smell it but it's okay there it is there
it is I put it in a little stand and I
gave it a little skirt so wouldn't be
naked and now I'm gonna put lights on it
beautiful yoky you're the best so I
finished decorating and then I came over
to Colleen's
and Corey made me hot chocolate and
we're watching this thing what is it hey
we're watching the Rockettes I don't
know what this is
just hear those sleigh bells
