it's Tuesday today I have to edit my
Tuesday video and post it and then I'm
taking my mom back to Santa Barbara cuz
my dad took her here and then someone
has to take her back and somehow I got
suckered into it and I'm probably gonna
help her decorate her house a little bit
for Christmas and that's about my day I
don't know why she just didn't drive
herself I'm very confused by the whole
process but you know I'm the best kid
they have so I'm just gonna drive her so
I'm not even done getting ready for the
day I still look like a hot mess because
all right I thought I could edit my
videos in two hours it took me two and a
half hours and I was supposed to pick my
mom up at 1:30 and it's 1:28 right now
but I texted I was like hey I'm gonna be
10 minutes late this is before I left my
apartment like a half hour ago I was
like well I know I'm at 10 minutes late
it's not a big deal it's not like we
have plans for anything we're just
leaving La and going to Santa Barbara so
I text her at one o'clock I was like hey
I'm being 10 minutes late and she just
writes back ok I was like oh she has
wide texture back was like sorry I
didn't think my videos would take this
long to edit but all she takes back is
the letter K no something like all done
this girl cause I'm like racing to get
ready cuz like I can't be late so now
I'm like speeding and vlogging with just
hold illegal and not safe and this vlog
it won't focus on my face today ok focus
is when I'm right here so I'll be right
here the rest of the day blogging I
can't tell him she's like pissed earnest
didn't want to text but oh man I was
like I can't be late so now I'm racing
to go get her it's 1:29 and I think I
think I will get there on time but I'm
like woman if she's not pissed she needs
to learn she can't just write back okay
two things
no and I've even done my makeup because
I was scared that I was gonna be pissed
about ten minutes late step my fault I
had to work and I'm doing her a favor by
taking her all I have a that's a
discussion with her about this k all
right we made it to Santa Barbara and I
discussed the K text message with my
mother and she swears that she means
nothing by it and she thought it meant
like okay sweetie when we all know it
was up mm-hmm okay
it was sassy yeah well but right now
we're at the post office in Santa
Barbara checking the peel box my mom
gets all our mail for us and organizes
it for us though looks like we got some
mail oh that one's - Colleen - Josh
Colleen Rachel Rach oh I got something
- Colleen Camaro pulling clearly has
been getting more mail than me my mom
got a new heater her here has been
broken all winter she's freaking out oh
you stand next to the open window
shooting right here so I'm in Santa
Barbara and now mom you have three and a
half hours till I leave you may do with
me what you please in those three and a
half hours let's go home you want to
play up are you wanting me to decorate
Christmas it looks like it's really late
at night but it's really only like 5:30
I hate this daylight settings I hate it
I hate it I hate it
my mom dad Trent and I just had dinner
together but I couldn't I didn't want to
sit there for longer than I was there my
mom and I got antsy and we've just left
so we're walking home and pitch-black
and it's great I hate this time zone
thing it's an adventure it's an
adventure in the dark look a field of
nothing and I'm praising so my favorite
thing to do ever is Norma dad watch I'm
not touching him and he gets so annoyed
by it
Bree was like mom I'm having him draw a
possum for me for more birch I put my
dad to work
thanks happen
kill visit day yes he loves me
trends here there you go I'm supposed to
drive home right now but I'm no way too
hyper I'm so hyper hyper yeah a lot of
sugar
no I'm not to do as myself Oh supposed
to help my mom decorate and I didn't at
all I've been playing piano I suck at it
I'm really bad this is what I got so I
got
you know one-horse open sleigh hey
or the fields we go laughing all the way
bells on bobtail ring making spirits
bright what fun it is to ride and sing a
sleighing song tonight only I can't do
anything with my left hand only my right
you in trouble
sleigh bells in Dunedin whoa yeah I did
that thing that I said I didn't want to
do when I forgot to close out my vlog
last night
ah so I drove home for my parents and
then one over two coins for half a
second they hang with my friends and
then I came home a mouse about the end
of it I hope you guys enjoyed this video
though see you guys tomorrow which is
today for me okay leave me ding ding in
- come on it's lovely as always there
and together with you
falling and friends often you go
