good morning my little fools of love
that's what you are you're fools of love
you came from love and you're fools
so about though that co-leads phone that
I got fixed yesterday is that I've been
more broken because they made it so she
can't talk to people on the phone which
is great I don't know how they did that
so I'm supposed to go back over and help
her out of my mom's there so what hang
out with my Bob my friends come into
town today so it's just you know a
better sweet date for me I don't really
know I'm telling you what I'm doing
today why do I tell you so you know what
you're in for in the vlog I'm gonna ride
it you'll record and catch your
leprechaun and drink tea what the dragon
that's why I'm gonna do today it does
not sound exciting please stay watching
my vlog so you can see it all
my mom won't stop texting me about
getting her some dang Starbucks so I'm
driving all the way to Colleen's house
to pick up my mom to get her some
frickin Starbucks you all know kalilas
like 20 minutes away from me this is
ridiculous mom ridiculous learn how to
over wear what postmates is but I do
love my mother so it's fine
and also I need to drop some stuff with
Maclean's hey I'm gonna go hang out with
my mom cuz I'm really cool that's what
you do as you get older you realize you
know it's kind of fun to hang out with
your parents as long as they're cool it
made my mom buy my Starbucks because I
rescued her for porn ups
wasn't for Colleen's and meeting so I
mom had nothing to do I just needed a
lie I was
but I made her buy me myself and now
she's posting a picture of us on Twitter
mom I need you to tell the camera all
the ways that I'm great
oh my gosh you have a part this behind
up it got to grow up real
I'm over it Oh way to go you didn't turn
it off I'll try that you're smart
apparently touching my butt
all right I'm heading back home I just
hung out with my mom for like two hours
she's my favorite person to gossip with
because we're into the same kind of
gossip and she is truly interested in
whatever I say unfortunately I wanted to
hang out with her longer but I have to
go film a Rachel's room and a Tuesday
video I'm obsessed with my Tuesday video
idea Matt actually came up with it it's
reading Yelp comments because we're on
Yelp and we're laughing at how angry
people get and how low they'll rate
something because of a stupid little
incident but my waiter didn't bring a
straw one star just like what in the
world so I have to go home and find Yelp
comments and read them I hope no one
gets offended by the video but it's the
Internet so everyone's gonna get
offended by it
yeah I have to go home and do all that
stuff and then I think I'm actually go
back to quillian to hang out with them
later tonight after dinner should be fun
my friends coming to town and she's
staying with Colleen cuz she's doing
work for cooling while she's in town
well that's it that's all I have to say
right now goodbye alright I just
finished filming my Rachel's room and my
Tuesday video hey everybody hey
everybody I changed my shirt in between
so you wouldn't tell it's the same day
except that totally just told you so now
I'm just gonna continue doing laundry
and I got going first time I'm at Target
and I'ma go eat steak potatoes and then
I'm on board of Colleen's house and play
with my friend and go lean in my mom I
just got Coleen's and my mom is just on
her hands and knees scrubbing
this do you put her up to this area
represent the rally night and day is
cinderelly picked up higher makes it
breakfast washing dishes nuts we're at
Target cuz Coleen wanted some stuff but
mainly because I walked in and said I
need a dessert and she decided cupcakes
in a cone and I said yes and now we're
here getting cupcakes in a cone stuff
but also everything else for Christmas
and stuff or YouTube videos okay we're
getting fun things I'm gonna try and not
yummy nummy I think my favorite part of
target is that I probably shouldn't
section which is right here next to the
register we're gonna put their stuff
back but they realize they shouldn't buy
it's filled with crappy things listen my
mom is in charge of making the cupcakes
in a cone and she is off cleaning
scrubbing some floor like a little
Cinderella so I have to make it and we
all know I can't cook so dear goodness
hashtag pray for me
my mom finally showed up now she's gonna
help three great now she's gonna help me
put the stuffing stuff in the count I
fill them to full it's okay kick myself
