happy Sunday you know what that means
football all day long so my plan for
today is to watch football and then I'm
going over to Colleen's at like 4:00 to
help her with some stuff mainly fix her
laptop and phone because she broke both
of them fool and then I think my mom is
gonna be there yeah that's my plan for
today
all right I just went to Colleen's and I
picked up hmm
picked up her phone because it's
shattered and she doesn't have time to
go get it fixed so I I'll do it I'll be
a good sister and go do it for you well
I'm gonna go drive yeah and take her
phone in for her and then I have to go
back to her place and grab her laptop
and take her laptop to the Apple store
so Apple store is a little expensive
Liat a phone fix that's where you should
get your computer fixed all right time
to go into a really sketchy place to get
cleats one fixed all right left because
I didn't trust that guy
who's doing that thing he's like oh yeah
you cracked the screen but you also did
all these other things so it was gonna
charge me like 120 bucks and I was like
I feel like it shouldn't cost that much
to fix the shattered screen because like
I'm the last time I fix clean strata
screen it costs like maybe in English 50
bucks so I didn't trust him when he was
like also you have to pay in cash now
mistake you have a mixie as I get you
pay in cash now but they I don't have
cash is that good
do you think I just carry around 120
bucks cash with me and so I left and I'm
gonna go talk to Colleen see she still
wants to do it success I found a
different place to take it as I was
driving back to Colleen so I was like
there's got to be another place open and
I googled it and I found one more place
and it was $20 cheaper and they seemed a
little more professional and they take
credit cards and not just cash and I pay
when I pick it up so this place I think
it's just better overall so I'm happy on
to go get cleaned laptop tickets the
Apple Store to fix that shattered screen
who cuz this is like the longest hour of
my life I now have her laptop which is
just shattered it's not shattered I
don't understand what it is it's this so
I have to take that in for her and I
know am i walking and then um do you
have an appointment and be like yo cuz
you suck and I made an appointment for
her for Tuesday but she wanted me to
take it anyway just to see if
to get a random appointment hopefully I
can but I know how hold and you backed
it up lately it's not my laptop I don't
back up things on a second well you
should back it up because we might
destroy your laptop she's basically the
deal gone by
like I suspected they did not have any
openings so we in the laptop are taking
a very sound walk back to the car and
after he was telling the terrible
terrible news that she doesn't have a
laptop at all
it can't happen so I'm at Colleen's
again and there are special guests here
but you don't get to see him what are
you doing nothing what wait I don't get
it look you took it off why did you put
it there though because of a mustache
I'm trying I think I cannot see your
mustache from here okay we're gonna go
get food I don't I don't understand what
my mom just did look I spotted people
who spotted them I spotted them we
decided to get pizza and they have put a
piece of lettuce on each of our pizzas
that we did not order
I didn't know that's not Madison Academy
left good Jim
all right we ate and now we're back at
the iPhones store place to pick up
Colin's phone I don't know if it's ready
haven't really said anything to us oh
great a perfect Christmas gift
look guys they even sell the new iPhone
it's an OK Stan it's not that great it's
just ok finally Sid knows who it is and
yeah so yeah I'm not the best but I'm ok
with that
yeah it's not lying under the covers I'm
going to bed good night thanks for
watching
