hey guys it's Saturday morning it's
actually Saturday afternoon I
accidentally slept until 1:00 p.m. today
an alarm was set and it didn't go off
and then my body just did not wake up
until 1:00 so that's good but yeah so
I'm I gotta get to work I got to edit
and I just posted about my new merch if
you haven't seen it go check out it'll
be in the thingy to blow today the only
thing I have planned is I have to pick
clean up from the airport at 9:50
tonight she's in that far away from now
because it's the middle of the afternoon
so it's Saturday and I was like no one
will be shopping because Black Friday
was yesterday and all the stores will be
empty cuz everyone do the shopping
yesterday I was very much wrong it's
very crowded today and I don't know why
it's making me sad but I'm in a
Christmas section so I can't be my angry
he's had a very strange experience at
Target I was checking out and while I
was checking out the worker dude I was
checking me out was like hey can I ask
you a favor
I was like okay I never good at ice like
started punching my pin number he's like
never mind my boss walked by I was like
what he said I was gonna ask you to buy
me a candy cuz I'm not allowed to buy
anything while I'm working but really
one candy oh okay I wanna I would have
bought you on he said yeah no no never
mind never mind it's all good and I'm
lady behind me was like a wit oh never
mind I'll tell you later and she like
said that to the workers if they knew
each other but they didn't look like
they were friends and it was a weird I
don't know what was going on around me I
mean I want to buy him a candy bar for
him to be working and ask someone ask a
stranger a customer to buy him something
he won't really want candy bar but yeah
that was a very strange target
experience what in the world out today
today is worse than yesterday like by
far shopping everyone is out and it is
so annoying we're at the shopping center
and they've blocked off all the
entrances to the parking lot we couldn't
turn left or right we just had to go
straight for like six entrances I'm very
angry I'm very angry I just want to eat
I didn't even come here to shop I came
to this place to eat cuz there's some
fish taco thingy I want here I don't
understand she run everyone over so as
some of you may know I have really
really bad knees just like they suck
they don't work there
hurting and today my right knee feels
really strange just like I'm gonna die
and I pulled it somehow so my friend
Michael has given me this stuff that he
sells at his work and there's a cold and
a hot one he said the cold one feels
good the hot one burns and I decided to
put the hot one on cuz you know why not
and it doesn't burn at all and I was
expecting this really cool experience
and it just it feels like the cold one
it just feels cold and it's really lame
I wish I could show you guys my pain but
I can't because it's a knee
so right now it's 5:30 and I don't have
to go pick up Colleen until 9:00 and I
got nothing to do I'm just chilling like
a villain that's all
Oh basketballs on Matt's filming me I
have no clue why he just pointed the
camera oh look at you artistic
thanks Matt all right I'm on my way to
pick up Colleen I got fudgesicle loom
yeah I'm at LAX yay it's so much fun
being here
kollene has landed but she's not off the
plane yet so I just get to loop around
LAX abide cuz I love it all right I just
got Colleen and I got Colleen there she
is I got her there it is and now she
told me that my job is to check our
house for intruders it is cold because
you're interested coin do you know how
you have your computer paused in a video
yeah it's do you not have a screen saver
it's ruined it's an adult playing book
come on so Colleen's very angry right
now here's the brand I bought a
Christmas present for my mother
sorry mom and that freaking mailman
threw it over my fence and it landed in
all the sprinklers and it got soaking
wet through the FedEx package I'm sure
you can still call the shipping people
because the shipping people messed up
not Amazon it was the shipping people
that ruined your package that's right
right like who delivered it you know
what go on Amazon you go to Amazon
you go to the shipping part of it like
we're both your package there's a thing
I'll show her don't worry about it I got
it but anyway she's making me check our
house for intruders before I leave so
I'm checking the house Nicola han
min-koo when she I would have just
filmed for my dad I went in here this is
my job just walking around her house
just to wedding dresses oh no one's
getting married clean your wedding is
over her the white in her office doesn't
work no one in this room but that's she
was a watching her own video and paused
it and she doesn't have a screensaver
anymore
you were watching on video Jay pulled it
up not me oh oh he made me put your
pictures of us hugging is my desktop and
I was like Matt walked out he's like
what is happening yeah so that is not me
no one in this room just a really dirty
bathroom in here alright she's safe
all right I'm home from Colleen's we ate
salmon and mashed potatoes and talked
for a couple hours and now I'm back at
my place and it's 2:00 a.m. and I need
to go to bed so I could wake up tomorrow
and do things so I'm closing out this
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
you're great I'm great I just decided to
give myself a little compliment thanks
for watching guys love you give me I
love it when it's now I love the winners
big you could feel it in the crowd
come on bring them sticks
