hola como esta muy bien
instead two years of Spanish right there
I am on my way to CBS and then caline's
because I am doing a collab with Killeen
and then I'm doing a cloud with Jojo and
then I have my last basketball game I'm
on so I took the dog to the park already
at 3:00 I brought him home at 4:00 he's
a very confused as to why I'm not
feeding him I feed him at 5:00 and enjoy
go to the dog park before I bring him
home at 5:00 and I feed him well it's 4
not 5 so we can't get fed but he doesn't
understand that because if I feed him
early he's gonna wake up at 5 a.m. for
breakfast and be like come on woman I'm
like no so that's what's happening my
dogs angry and confused but max in
charge of the dog now so high on the day
all that so I came over to Colleen and
she put me in charge of making the
fireworks should I put a bow on it thank
you
see I just told her that you there you
go Colleen the lady of her word and the
logos we just filmed my video and now
we're about to film JoJo's and we found
an extra skirt and so I gave it to Cory
round of applause for Cory everyone okay
thank you okay
JoJo's video and then I'll go to my
basketball game which is very sad
because I rather be here but it's my
last game so I gotta go
guess we lost actually I'm totally fine
because selfishly I wanted that to be
our last game because if we won we might
have had to do a tiebreaker while I was
in Hawaii so I wanted when I will apply
but I rose a good season are a lot of
fun we lost by three but technically we
outscored them because we got four
points penalty because two of our
players weren't wearing their jerseys so
technically we won by 1 plate to get
some food real quick I've no clue what
it is or if I'll be able to eat there
but I just want to ask questions and
order something that looks like it
doesn't have any animal product in it
I'm exhausted and we're all gonna go
looking sweaty and gross I'm excited for
it good morning
that's afternoon it just became
afternoon I'm about to edit a vlog and
then go to the dog park early because I
am going to Disneyland tonight with
Colleen and praying to God day and I
think Corey's joining us I don't know
who's all joining us but I'm going to
Disneyland if it shall be fun so I'm
doing all my stuff done early I got to
sleep last night
oh my cool I got eight hours of sleep
and I feel like a holiday entire set I
should sleep more often it's not the
card I want how did I get this system my
card I want us in this camera where did
this come from
why is that there I'm a confused well
going over no walk we're going on a walk
we're going on because I don't have time
for the park jeong-hee don't sit down
huh
Matt's gonna have a hyper dog to take
care of rocks don't get out as energy
cuz walk some gathers energy they just
kind of occupy him for a little while
she's getting ready for Mickey Mouse
this is the way to do it we just got to
California Adventure and waiting for
Frankie to get here but it's gonna be a
grand old time so old though it's pretty
quite fresh oh this trip by the way is
to celebrate her birthday might get
stressful celebrate your birthday a week
late at Disneyland exactly
hey celebrations the celebration Killeen
let's get you a little pin Eric and I
have decided to put on a show for you
do you monetize we are 20-feet inside
Disney and breaking clean of art even
stop to take pictures but it's Christmas
why are the creepiest just the creepiest
and our tour guide has decided to take
us backstage because she realize we can
never get to the castle
I got cold so I bought myself a hat for
my head and it's actually keeping me
very very warm so I enjoy it I look
ridiculous we are about to go on the
cars ride we're on it I'm glad my hat
the tie
we just such watch world of color and I
didn't feel a single thing of it and I
should have but I was so engulfed in the
magic that I didn't pick up my camera
Kuwait filmed a part part of it right
now
they are all going to watch the
fireworks and I'm trying to find pulling
a pickle so she can enjoy a pickle I'm
not watching fireworks cuz she said oh
my god it's gorgeous hold on anyway she
always gets a pickle and she comes to
Disney and we haven't had time to get
her pickle today so I am on duty
because I didn't film any of the world
of color this is your water show okay
this is the end of songs and it's on
that is Disney and the water and the
color that can't be copyright materials
I just made that up
