welcome to vlogmas day two I'm very
excited because it's the day after
Thanksgiving which means that it is
Christmas time its chorus time
all right I just posted my first vlog
and now I'm realizing I need to do more
entertaining things with my life then
watch Netflix and do puzzles did I tell
you guys I finished two puzzles in a
week like one of them took me about five
days and then I took a day break and I
bought another one and did it all in one
night these are my puzzles there's one
here and then there's one under it that
you can't oh I just I just ruin my
puzzle
I just can't bend them that's something
I should know I faked it so what do you
do with puzzles after you're done with
them that's what like I love putting
them together I love that satisfaction
but like now what cuz I have two puzzles
just sitting on the floor great I feel
we're just destroying them I just spent
so much time putting them together
alright so my shower is absolutely
disgusting
and so I decided to clean it with a roll
of paper towels so 409 and a magic
eraser and so here's the pour shot and
now here's the app shot
they tell me it looks a little bit
cleaner because I have spent an hour
scrubbing and sweating and getting in
there and just it was a mess anyway I'm
in a cleaning mode I like don't leave my
house this is Black Friday so I'm like
stuck inside and like what do I do
so I think cleanings the most productive
thing I could be doing or you know
working but the same thing he's letting
you go so I got real bored at the house
after I cleaned - decided to face the
Black Friday crowds and we're going to
the mall it's late in the day it's 5:00
p.m. so I doubt anything's gonna be that
crazy or that like even sales I doubt
that they're still happening but it is
still crazy at the mall there's man
directing traffic this smell is usually
super chill yeah I can't imagine what it
looked like earlier today if this is
still as bad as it is goodness gracious
I'm excited about ten minutes later
we're still trying to find a spot I'm
not gonna get angry my goal is to not
get angry here we made it inside it
doesn't seem that bad there's like just
a lot of people but no one's punching
anyone
listen I have a bone to pick with
freakin jean companies how come they
don't make jeans that last anymore now
it's like you put on your jeans and you
got about three hours of good use out of
them and then they just get saggy and
annoying they used to make jeans that
actually fit your body and stayed on
your body and looks good for multiple
wears I hate it and I'm very angry
buttocks every pair of jeans I put on I
know I'm like this is only gonna last me
like one day and then I have to wash
that win I hate it I'm angry that's all
goodbye we survived them all Matt got
more than me I only got makeup since I
need it desperately obviously but I'm at
the grocery store now and don't you love
how the broccoli matches color wise the
chicken who just looks so appetizing so
excited about it foods just don't look
good but they taste good but they just
feel like that doesn't look good
gross like a dirty Rock like I'm pretty
sure I've had to sweep these up off the
sidewalk and put them in a garbage bin
so I'm Kappa tizen looking before it's
prepared I look great I got back from
the grocery store Oh while you're
checking at the grocery store some guy
started screaming and trying to attack
one of the workers because he couldn't
figure out how to work his self scanning
machine anyway that was fun
Black Friday's great I have got home and
I for the past like two or three hours
I've been working on new merch and I
think I'm set for now so if you're
watching this late last night while
you're asleep I was working on registers
on lines but I don't why I did that just
now but I've got new designs up I've got
a tuning design so it's something
drastic but I have this one that says
hey everybody and you get it in
different colors and then this one says
but first YouTube cuz I'm so funny and
then uh my poster is up so you can get
the poster that I've been selling it
shows no and then I have one this
Wednesday awesome pops and adopted
balancers and founders for life but I'm
gonna update those I don't know who's
fun to create stuff but yeah I'm gonna
update those and then I want to come up
with a Christmas one so if you like
those designs go get them
or ask your parents for them for
Christmas but keep your eye out cuz I'm
gonna definitely put up more designs for
Christmas that's it I think I'm gonna in
this vlog he's I'm tired probably gonna
eat some pie or some food and then drink
a beer and go to bed
so I'm ending my blog the day that it is
right guy said in the beginning that I
would all right I love you guys thanks
for watching
Miami South Beach bring it
