hey guys
so vlogmas starts today it is
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving uh well
it's Black Friday but welcome to day one
of La Gris I will be vlogging every day
from now until January first
so welcome to today Thanksgiving is a
little weird for me this year well it's
always weird
I have no traditions on Thanksgiving but
my parents are in Georgia with Josh and
Colleen and so everyone's kind of doing
their own Thanksgiving my brother's
having one
it's Jessica's family Thanksgiving I'm
crashing that one for a little bit I'm
on my way there now just stopped to get
gas and then I'm gonna go prove my
cousin Stephanie she's having a really
chill Thanksgiving I'll probably stop
and see teenie I let Matt decide what we
were doing for this holiday I was like
listen cuz as I said my Rachel's room
you know thank you
if you give up one holiday you get the
other and I really wanted him for
Christmas but his mom did not fly with
that Matt was like should we come up for
Thanksgiving she goes as long as I get
you for Christmas
he's like yeah yeah well glad I didn't
work but I still let him decide he was
like you know I just want to watch
football and I was like okay he's like
you know dude everyone you can go see
everybody tell them I say hi but I just
want to sit on my butt and watch
football day that's it that's fine so
I'm going I'm going solo which is
totally fun cuz I'm a good solo person
alright my gas is done I gotta go
alright it's 1:15 I just got to
christopher's and it's time for
Thanksgiving number one alright so I'm
at Christopher's now here Jacob that's
what you have to say good good good bye
what are we looking at oh no a bug great
yeah that's a that's a pincher bug no
it's a silverfish
it's a silverfish you know more about
bugs than anyone else in this world do
you know that no do they bite well but
they eat books they eat books that's not
good don't let it in your bookshelf I
know
all right we just wanted to say what we
were thankful for and Bailey was the
most well-spoken out of all of us but
now we're gonna eat here's the food did
you drop it
yeah it is so hectic in here once again
I'm first to get food so it looks like
I'm eating all alone I just came outside
to say bye the kids I'm gonna go to
Stephanie's Thanksgiving now I got fully
attacked Christopher has all the footage
because instead of helping me he filmed
me so hopefully I can steal footage from
him or go to his channel and check it
out I got attacked for like maybe 15
Street minutes by five children alright
I just drove an hour it's four o'clock
now and I'm arriving at Stephanie's and
I'm not do Thanksgiving my second
Thanksgiving I'm at my aunt's house and
she has a pug that its back legs don't
work so it scoots around oh okay we're
gonna watch it scoot you're just a happy
little puppy aren't you you're so happy
let's go Scott yes scooting on you're
adorable and then here's a big dog I'll
play with you a little bit you're so
cute
I think you're my favorite dog I've ever
met in my entire life no offense all
right we're gonna eat and look at you
made all the Stephanie Stephanie
single-handedly made all of this I love
Andrew Andrews me it's like food was
announced ready so he's here no one even
members look at this dog guard our cute
dog oh I'm so excited eat all of us cuz
it looks delicious
Andrews serving himself pie look what
happened give me your foot lovely it
just looks like a part of your toga
chalk - nothing I'm obsessed with this
dog so much it's my favorite you can do
poopy face mine I stole it this is my
dog now look Sophie look it's a tough
mom mom I'm obsessed with you
alright I'm heading out now bye Andrew
all right all right now I'm at teenies
mom's house and I'm going to go say hi
to them and then head out it's just a
quick pop in I'll probably film baby
McKenzie for a second but on my iPhone
because this is Tina's family and
there's people I don't know an adult I
don't feel comfortable brave low camera
in every time it rains it rains and is
River heaven still be do big don't you
know each class and game each man is
from heaven all right that is the end
it's the next morning it's Black Friday
now so I'm gonna end my Thanksgiving
vlog I you know what I think my goal now
should be to in my blogs on the day that
they end it because I always other the
next morning
so I that's my goal for this vlogmas
anyway hope you guys enjoy it
I had a great Thanksgiving I went to
three different ones and then I came
home can I came home and I left overs
with Matt looks like I have more
Thanksgivings in one day it all right I
want to thank everyone who had me over
and I love everyone that I saw and I
love everyone that I didn't see and
everyone was great and I had a fun time
but - hope you guys had a good
Thanksgiving I hope you eat food or you
did something fun or you saw someone you
loved or if you didn't do any of those
things I love you
there's your love all right thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow cuz
I'm posting every day now but guys it's
officially Christmas time bye
