good morning it's Wednesday morning our
last day in Hawaii and we are about to
go parasailing see that little boat
we're gonna take that little boat out to
that big boat and then when I go out to
that ocean then we're gonna pair sail on
that sky until parasailing works and we
just are lathering up with sunscreen
right now and I am very very tired and I
have a really bad cough I don't know
what that means but I'm just informing
you in for later days right on the boat
you don't follow any of the rules the
pain coming out of the sky above the one
alone horn one big eye I am mister
shaken in the surgeries it looks like a
perfect people eater to me it was a one
Oh
it's actually kind of relaxing not
really scary
yeah I got away
oh they're gonna hit it
Fraser from heart attack
my anaconda don't my anaconda don't my
anaconda don't want none unless you got
buns on blanks when you wake you still
live in Detroit big big soaps in the
money
I found a bird there it is we just got
done with parasailing and now we're
getting lunch and parasailing was a lot
of fun but I showed my bump to all of
Hawaii when they dunked me I run around
and then the waves took my underwear off
so pretty much naked naked parasailing
that's how we do it some being a total
loser and I think I'm sick and so Matt
miss making me sit in an air-conditioned
coffee house and I'm drinking hot tea I
have a cough I feel really tired achy
and my head was hurting I'm kind of
sweating but I feel like that's comes
with hot tea I just drink but I have a
jet skiing in like two hours so I'm
staying awake for it that's what we're
doing we're doing that now
we're done i hope that GoPro footage
worked
we just went I fell off one thing Matt
fell off wants to call uncle Josh we all
still up maybe don't fall off you're not
riding hard enough but we're bleeding
and Chaffey quit legs you can see it I'm
just chasing that's gonna suck the plane
ride tomorrow is gonna suck it hey guys
I'm sorry this vlog is so late right
after jet ski do the bookie is it a
bookie
it's not a book okay everyone thinks I
always have boogers this way does is
like really white that's just my skin to
talk about a bookie look good not even a
bookie who's not about oh right sorry -
this vlog is up so friggin late when I
said I was kind of sick I was truly
really sick
the day after that we left but I
couldn't move I had a temperature and we
got back y'all just rose Friday
I literally stayed in bed all day I had
a hundred to temperature and a coffin
already dosed and last night I finally
broke my fever so it's just a coffin and
runny nose down which is totally fine by
me you can see by my tissue bound and
created a little disgusting thing of
tissues and those are the clothes that I
sweat through at night when you have a
fever
and you're asleep you just start
sweating a lot and then you end up
changing your clothes six times of the
night cuz you don't like big a wet
clothes his fate torturous thing anyway
that's it for this vlog I'm feeling
better so I'm gonna start blogging again
thank you guys for watching I had so
much fun Hawaii it was a blast
I loved it which is also been ventures
but yeah that's it
and I love you guys bye
my gonna waste it
