Emma and I'm going over to Christopher's
room because they're practicing for the
show and I need to practice for the show
but I don't know why I have Allen mom
and she likes up with them
knock-knock-knock
Apple no ho it's stuck my head thanks
Britney okay I knew they'd answer the
door so why aren't as I got over to
Christopher's room to practice they were
coming out like we're done with
rehearsal I was like though okay and
then calling went down to school so I'm
uploading my blog I'll probably go down
to the pool like a half hour but then I
have to come back up and get ready for
the show
boom we're at the theatre I want to see
something cool I made a new baby head
you guys remember the old one right
where the theatre now and I'm setting up
the props and she's like I just said it
the way we set up Toronto but that was
two months ago and I do not remember the
show at all so I'm just kind of putting
things places
oopsie hi my process running sound and
exciting we just did the meet-and-greet
we did it before the show and we're
gonna do the show soon but we all got
these I hurt Hawaii t-shirts for the
show except Matt he doesn't get one he's
not going on stage womp womp to put this
on over my shirt if you want kind of a
big shirt you can I put mine over my
shirt I didn't have it in a medium this
color
well what is it a rustic mustard uh I
call it The Forgotten mm notes
ah I'm gonna go with rustic mustard
that's just cuz you came up with it it's
forgotten mmm
but an M&M it's the exact color of the
tan mmm
don't look that tan guys remember the 10
mm oh my god they bring it out during
Halloween ha but they used to be in a
standard bag of mm there was brown and
there was like gross walking away at
this point
key game
we call
at home
we are
Genki yeah the grass skirts look really
cool but there's a wardrobe malfunction
dad I'm naked sensor button sensor all
right
Stephanie's fixing it though this is the
most intense thing that's happened all
day people a string broke oh the face
says it all Oh grandpa you know just a
wild one totally nothing is happening
today we've just done the tech and then
we're about to do the show and we're
going on in the coolest cutie patooties
Oh dad's back in the skirt it all worked
out the job dad oh no an intense
storyline over there I know it really
was whoa whoa cousin's touching yeah
incest
we were Joseph and Mary together wait
what you and their child oh they're
talking about our Christmas cards every
year for our Christmas cards my mom's
mom my grandma would make us dress up as
Chris R would be Joseph Stephanie would
be married and I gave baby Jesus
what I'll be the wise King oh yeah
Travis the wise King cool I was a plane
with an angel Andrew was a shepherd and
Adam a shepherd that was a mess and when
one year I was a lamb a baby doll took
my spot
what's dangled oh did you get that done
this is what happens when you trip a
baby up I'm gonna fun closed captioning
that I forgot to close on my vlog again
I'm really bad at that so this is me
closing it out thanks for watching guys
the show was a lot of fun um also I got
to see my college roommate last night my
freshman ecology a roommate Kabu she
lives here and she's from Hawaii and
she's like my favorite person on earth
and I never could see her because she
lives the five hour plane ride away from
me but I finally got to see her I was so
excited she came and she brought like a
million people with her so you know just
her close family oh it was great saying
huh I love everyone
okay dusting the slaughterers let me
guys
