7:00 a.m. actually 654 and I'm not as
happy as it was yesterday at 7:00 a.m.
I'm its bay leaves birthday so we're
going down to breakfast for her birthday
at breakfast buffet which is her
favorite kind of food which used to be
mine until I've eaten more buffets and
then I realized buffet food is not the
greatest food yeah we're gonna do that
I'm tired there's no makeup on today you
don't get makeup for Bailey's birthday
we're meeting Mickey Mouse
Oh time we're gonna go down some tubing
all right I didn't cool for that long
today and then pooled for a little bit
because I don't want to get burned
before the show tomorrow but we're about
to go out to dinner for Ben's birthday
we're going to some aquarium place and
there's gonna be swish ease swish ease
there's gonna be fishies swimming around
while I eat fish so I mean that doesn't
sound appetizing I don't know what does
we're at dinner at this aquarium place
fish and I think you pointed out that
Tasha flirt matches the server's shirt
yeah I mean
that's cool okay that's all I need
clean hired divers I have birthday to
Bailey and then they ran away from the
table when the diaper got here look at
this weird fish meanwhile Jessica happy
dance for how much crab she just got and
I was like oh yes Oh Jessica's got crabs
I felt a little bad about eating fish in
front of fish so I got ravioli I think
it's a good choice Matt mom I'm home
Josh texted me hold on Josh the back to
join today was a very chill day I would
be cool for a little bit then we did
Bailey's birthday dinner at the aquarium
which you saw and now I'm just got
monkeypod with Matt and Josh about to
head over and we're just have a little
food and we'll drink and then we're
going to chokes I know tomorrow is going
to be a hectic day because the show's
tomorrow okay show me so much but yeah
so it hasn't been too crazy today and
I'm kind of enjoying it it's relaxed how
Hawaii should be we've rested up my blog
yesterday so this is behaving it I know
mmm we didn't do much but you know
things happen today's today's the show
that's it come on love you somi somi
somi somi
