hey guys it's 7:30 a.m. on Thursday this
is the happiest I've ever been this
early in my life thank you I love
Hawaii's time change just two hours the
time difference is great
y'all fell asleep around 9:00 to 10:00
last night we're all big babies yeah I'm
about to go surfing with Matt we're
gonna drive to a place to surf and then
we're gonna have a lot of fun today you
guys I'm stoked let's do it guys I'm so
sad
we're about to leave to go to the beach
to go surfing and colonna's like you
know I spend there's traffic right and
we're the beach we wanted to go to it
would take us about two hours to get
there in traffic and we want to normally
would take us like a half hour so we
decided to not go surfing and we're
going to do it tomorrow morning's but I
need to find some adjusted at back to do
today so come with me on my epic
adventure it won't be a big but
everything be fun just stay keep
watching all right it's 10:00 a.m. and
we're all going swimming yes Jake Bailey
are you excited that this way though
yeah we got food earlier what's the
store to make sure we had stuff in our
hotel room and now we're gonna swim lazy
river it up what I've got let me walk
okay no clue what he said Bailey this
way darling we are on the floaty things
and we're floating in a river of
floatiness
but in the water you know you probably
can't even hear us so I'm have to close
caption all of this oh my god I like
waterfalls Express we don't like it I
don't know you can hear me but we're in
a hot tub looks over the ocean it's
pitch black the whole time so you're not
gonna see much I'm taking you with me
anyway
and we're toting along with it
how you doing haha and we're at a little
fountain thing where fountains water
just raise up and Parker thinks that
their birthday cakes are you sitting on
a birthday cake
no clue what's going on
we're walking to dinner but I made
everyone go through a bush as a shortcut
cuz it was faster that doesn't make it
right what did you have a problem going
through that bush like those bushes
there but there was already a path made
by a hooligan dude take the path less
traveled but that's how that path exists
is because people travel through it this
constant but less than a sidewalk it
didn't say go through it
Pat no one's ever taken before dinner
once again you'll find Colleen in her
natural habitat
hey no filming when I'm filming get out
of here filmer hey okay look you are
disrupted to do this for Chong same your
daily water oh well I'm in Hawaii Hawaii
my life even if I don't want to use me
back to what I was saying yeah never
pretty good angle guys block all of you
out
coin has dropped the children have
logged themselves it's a habit they
learn young so they can do it when
they're older
mr. Nutt Christopher why I got your
crisper Joshua is being a dick before we
left we all talked about how all of our
videos are gonna be the exact same and
so we kind of made a pact not to film
when someone else was filming Joshua
watches Josh this is some free saw me
pull my Cameron is like that'd be good
footage to come he pulled out his own
camera watcher doing a midday well
rather than an up Hank oh oh
I'm beautiful at any angle no did you
get sunglasses say you got it dude come
on Ana ukulele so now we're at a luau
now okay the last blue towel is needed
for the terms of the hotel we're at look
for so we gotta watch him
my life
Oh
wait
Oh
Oh now so good everyone called it a good
spot now what are you talking about well
Isis I'm making your brother a drink
hello I'd be really surprised if it
focused on me it's focused Oh Ariana and
the rapper guy the rapper guy who knows
who that guy is no one knows and with
that I'm closing my vlog thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow buddy
