Merry Christmas Merry Christmas oh no no
no mama all right it's November first
it's Sunday so footballs on behind me
like always and my friend Janice went
tonight last night from Halloween and
we're gonna decorate for Christmas today
because Halloween is over which means
it's the Christmas holiday and if you
guys if you guys care about Thanksgiving
great but there's just going to be
Christmas decorations up for
Thanksgiving because they this is the
only Thanksgiving decoration in the
world so it's still here it'll stay on
my table there's just gonna be green and
red around it instead of orange like I'm
tired of my cute little ghost he's cute
and all but he ain't no Christmas tree
so we're gonna get lunch and then we're
gonna decorate for Christmas and I'm
very excited about it sorry if you hate
Christmas and you hate Christmas music
but it's gonna be happening a lot in
this vlog goodbye alright so we're at
the 99-cent store right now stocking up
here's the nice hit Jenna I'm getting
things it's not enough but don't worry
we are also going to Target and that is
a big deal but look at how many lights
there are there's like three in each box
we're at Target and I'm not gonna lie
I'm a little disappointed they have all
of these empty aisles and there's no
Christmas in that they're in-between
between Halloween and Christmas and then
there's a work behind me hearing me
complain alright I'm back at my
apartment and we started to put up a few
things like an elf apron and then we're
going to take down the old decorations
and I'm very excited mmm so drab so
boring
all right so I'm not completely done but
I'm pretty much good for today it's the
most wonderful time with the kids jingle
Belling and everyone telling you be of
goods I still have to put a Christmas
tree up but I'm gonna buy a real one
this year so I'm not gonna put up a fake
one there's a few things gonna put some
tinsel over here I need to get some
pillows but other than that and then I
stood in my room later I'm very excited
I could have done it without Jenna for
those who don't know Jenna is my college
roommate she hangs out with me every
once in a while she lives an hour away
so friendships difficult space oh we
still make our friendship happen all
right I'm gonna go do other things oh
look at my little Christmas tree I'm
sorry after I decorated for Christmas I
went to the bathroom and as a pooping my
sister called me and said she heard a
noise in her house and made me come over
so if you guys probably probably saw
clean the livestream
she was live-streaming insurance
something in our house so she made me
come over and I just hung out with a
knife and she did this
no offense that was my night last night
that's all oh yeah someone close us out
thank you guys for watching I love you a
Merry Christmas
and every time it rains it rains
Hannah's room heaven stupid
