you powe didn't mean cuz I got up from
our nap are you mad at me because I'm
not napping with you anymore
good afternoon everybody believe it or
not I've showered
what's all 3:30 a.m. about you another
perk hmm - lovely I don't get excited
yet wait I gotta fart mm-hmm so do you
ever wake up early do the morning get
home accent to fall asleep for Network
and then have to do your morning again I
just spilled water everywhere oh no oh
no hey dog come use your tongue come
here come here I mean just put some
water out here out here can you get that
for me thank you thank you thanks for
being music school for once in your life
a great paint you're not fun sir there
is so much more water to clean up not me
I can handle this up good step it's my
coffee calm down
as I was saying if you were to do
morning twice as you wake up for my an
hour-long nap but you're like well my
mouth tastes gross I could use a cup of
coffee huh I'm not being a second
morning and it's not fun Oh God it's
just please you really need to clean
this up ma'am please I need a pack for
you all the time the least you could do
is clean up after me sometimes so
earlier today you're like one ish all
right thank you for the hug what you
excited about earlier today around one
ish none of those are your keywords for
anything he says look at me like I said
something like tweeter look like anyway
we're going in 20 minutes
we're going in 20 minutes into your
favorite place anyway earlier today
blaze just rolling around being the dog
being good dog and I saw him in the
sunroom healin heck did it's like I'm
tough stance you ran outside and right
when he ran outside I heard a tiny tiny
dog screeching and howling I was like
what the full and I started screaming
hey stop just automatic hoping somewhere
something stops doing whatever is making
that thing screech let me get my shoes
on hold on okay get my shoes on so I
both hot side and
looking for my dog I hear the screeching
and I thought and around the house like
by the front gate there's a tiny
itty-bitty Chihuahua in my backyard that
blazes like standing over Oh have a
phone call hold on let's see if I can
finish this story Jesus oh there's a
title draw and blaze is standing over it
just looking the most confused because
the Chihuahua won't start it's like
barking and whining like it's being a
hurt my places I got it this is job a
job book place is literally just
standing over it place looks at me and
it wouldn't stop so I picked it up but
as I picked it up blaze isn't like when
you hold dogs so he started jumping on
me up like like that I heard my neighbor
yelling that and I heard I was like I
got it outside and this guy is
freaking out it's his dog my hand the
whole time dogs what do you think we go
all over for like okay well she's in my
yard
she's not hurt she's just scared of my
dog I went outside later she must've
like gone under the fence if by the gate
but I found that actually I don't talk
too loud the neighbor can hear me it had
dug a hole from their side of the fence
to mine it hopped on over and then
immediately regretted that when it's
ugly
another phone call anyway
so I noticed the hole and I went over at
like literally one minute after and one
and a half minute after the dog was in
my yard and don't bring the doorbell of
my neighbors and they wouldn't answer
the door it's like okay well your dogs
that end up in my yard again because
they're not gonna figure out that
there's a hole on their side of the yard
to my side of the arc so I'm just
waiting through that dog to come back I
don't I'm not scared for it every blaze
loves dogs
I'm always pouting I should go get ready
and this my friends is a 10 minute
transformation you ready to go the park
do you want to go to the park
okay I okay you figured me out all right
what time is it be a little early but
that's okay by you right we are home
from the park immediately gave him a
bath because he was caked in mud and now
he is resting peacefully upon my lap
while I edit my blog that I should have
posted lots of hours ago
okay uploading my vlog did I wake you up
did i disturb your slumber then an hour
and a half an hour I'm going over to
Nikolas aka soundlyawake do a clap with
him I'm gonna do guess what's in that
box with him guess what's in the box I
have a box
I'm gonna cut holes in it and I need to
find things put in the box to make him
not want to put his hand in the box to
get it got it good but huge yeah you are
the 8 no I shall go that is all that's
all she wrote Nikolas house
I think he's gonna post his in December
and I don't have a video for tomorrow
I'm back tomorrow you know we're
supposed to like think it's the Obama
bit over mom so that's that's where I am
personally yes whoa
do they took you what wait who is so
exciting oh you have a ball oh goodness
Oh good-o gonna have it I have it thank
you no well why can't I have it you just
keep dropping it what the camera turned
on true
he knows mm-hmm you know what a camera
is you know how to entertain for a vlog
I have it no I have it I'm really sad
cuz I want my dog to play with him but
he doesn't like other doggies that are
pit bulls you racist yes please like my
doggy he'll let you wake his face he'll
share his treats with you he's good at
sharing are you thinking about it your
tails thinking about it are you thinking
about it we just shot one video and now
we're about to shoot another I'm just
gonna say my teeth hurt my soul hurts
and now more of me is about to hurt
I'm excited it's pile of laundry in this
basket it's clean and it's been sitting
there for like three days
I just hate putting clothes away you've
no problem washing them I just ha
suck it basket I defeated you
