happy Halloween you guys it's Halloween
it's Saturday it's Halloween I thought
Halloween is on Sunday this year I don't
know why but it's Saturday and so happy
Halloween everybody it's Halloween let
me show you Halloween things spooky
so today the plan is my costume was done
but Colleen needs me to pick up stuff
for her costume and then I pick up stuff
for a party she's having a party today
that's what also party accolades boom
alright so I just uploaded a video I
uploaded my vlog I'm like giving up on
titles and that's I'm shouldn't because
they matter a lot but this one's just
Groot tidal Bank suck he's nothing
happened in the vlog so vlog chick
uploaded not to annotate it it's the
worst part just ask any youtuber
everyone's least favorite part of any
video is annotating it because it shook
the hell beep annotated and public and
now I have to copy the link from that
and put it in the vlog before s
annotations because I do the coming soon
like not last vlog in next vlog so you
guys can watch in a row if you want so
now I have to go back to the old book in
to finish annotating that one see how
much fun that is I shouldn't be
complaining because it's really easy but
it's like I'm done with my video muffle
truckers I got nothing else to do any
like oh wait now I'm nothing I stopped
do that okay so I've been running around
like a mad woman trying to get
everything done I went to party city to
get kollene part of her costume and they
didn't have it all so it was the worst
experience of my life because it was so
packed and then I went to Target to get
a few things and see if they maybe they
had something
across them and they don't so clean us
to change her costume but I was going to
the same thing as her and now I feel
lame because I'm just gonna be me and I
just like well it's gonna be just me in
the costume anyway doesn't matter then
I'm on my way to browse to get a few
things that I need to get and then going
back home to make Matt's costume and to
clean because my friend Jenna is coming
over and she's going to party with me
but I have to impress her and clean my
house Matt's already cleaning it but you
know I cleaned it better so I got home
and I made Matt's outfit which is
Charlie Brown he already owned the
shorts and I bought a yellow shirt and
put a stripe on it crafty I know I
should have made it video gie why is
that what they're called but now I'm
just cleaning oh that goes somewhere
else clean clean clean and then I'm
going to probably put my makeup on and I
realize that my costume was at Colleen's
and so I'm gonna show up to her party
without a costume and then put it on
round there anticlimactic I know I'm
gonna continue cleaning I just wanted to
give you guys an update on my life
oh I also realized something tomorrow
these orange lights and pumpkins will
turn into Christmas lights
tomorrow Christmas I'm in time of a
fridge and it's very cold I'm at bed
mode we're getting a pumpkin beer or
just beer really for okay freezing for a
Coleen's party just because we let I
like to bring beer my life drink beer no
Chris relax drink beers we're getting
bigger
oh why don't we get Telltale's heart
that sounds fun to say I'm freezing I'm
getting out of here I'm ditching
pick your own beer I made it to
Colleen's and it's my outfit
I'm a never-nude it's from Arrested
Development Tobias is you never nude and
he wears cutoff shorts under every
single thing you wear see where's in the
shower it's a thing if you see the rest
of element you'll think it's clever if
not and you won't but everyone's here
and we're having a good time
all right I've done a costume change
because this is more comfortable and now
I'm just in a giraffe onesie because I
don't give anything oh that's it
you need my majesty what happened oh did
you get wax on your table do it you did
it cuz you lit the candles she has a
history of candle wax and letting it
good that really was not me I did not
dump the candle I know I got it I got it
in my nail alright I'll try to get this
off I think that looks good just a
little bit it was fine
what did you put candles on the table
hey give me my knife oh yeah see Jenna
knows this is my friend Jenna by the way
she's botched Botox the botched surgery
thing I don't know she's hot
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
dun-da-da-da I have people in my house
ignore them it's November first I'm
closing at this vlog Halloween was
awesome but it's time to decorate for
Christmas so that's what I'm gonna do
now I'm leaving you guys thanks for
watching I love you baby
so holding at the sink well we're
walk with your crystal
