it's Friday afternoon water run errands
with me no way it's Saturday this
Saturday
it's a Friday no cool day it is figured
out that it's Friday I literally thought
it was Saturday and I'll say I don't
want to leave that house everyone's
gonna be out so I waited till 3:00 to
leave the house which is the stupidest
time to leave the house on a Friday I
should have been doing my errands early
in the morning but I thought it was
Saturday and it was gonna be busy all
day
even this time to get gas
gasps check to the post office
post-office check onto the bank I
actually don't have a outgoing mailbox
at my apartment when I pay rent I
actually have to drive to a mailbox and
it sucks my answer I just went to the
bank and going to the bank always puts
me in the worst mood ever they suck I
hate the bank they're stupid I wasn't
even there for me I was there for
Colleen and they're just the stupidest
people in the world like oh you traveled
one mile away from our house and you
used your card fraud and they always
freakin canceled our cards only moved
and I changed her address like six times
online being like she doesn't live there
anymore
and they keep sending things to her
house and we sent it to distress I'm
like that's not the address I've changed
it I've gone in a person I've called I
go online to change her address and it
never goes through and I'm just angry
I'm very angry I hate the bank it wasn't
even for me it was Colleen's money not
even my money and I'm still pissed off
about it they're just stupid I hate them
so much
just oh and they're spider-man the bank
is check and I wasn't supposed to go to
Target but I need a little retail
therapy all right I was stressed I was
not even nice to people at the bank
usually I'm super nice when I'm dealing
with strangers just because like why
would I be mean but they know they
pissed me off because they all told me
something different I can't even tell
you guys what happened just so I'm
saying I'm stupid and I'm angry stupid
no look at diaper if anyone's missing a
diaper it's right there I need to go
over something real quick I'm buying
mayonnaise gross I know and this big jar
mayonnaise is 3:49 but this little jar
of mayonnaise is 369 why is the big jar
cheaper than a little jar you'd have to
be an idiot to get the little chart
right I don't want this much mayonnaise
but it's cheaper and there's more of it
I don't quite understand what's
happening I think I'm getting this one
what are the world's happening and I
read the tags and it's for the right
ones so confused I'm shopping i kidnap
matt he's here for shopping and the mall
has finally decided that it's Christmas
time and I'm so happy
have you ever seen my hair like this
before it's frizzy and curly all at the
same time I guess let's head in hand
really it's beautiful little close-up
this vlog thank you guys for watching I
ran all my errands yesterday and I have
more to run today and it's Halloween but
where I could talk about that because
that's next vlog but should be out
tomorrow because it's Halloween vlog and
should go out day after Halloween that's
how it works let me go make some coffee
thanks for watching guys
