I have a goal for today hi by the way
hi it's Monday morning that's all I need
to know I have a goal for today for this
vlog I'm going to try and make sure that
every shot I shoot is in focus because
I've been editing and I'm like this is
all blurry I can't use this so I'm gonna
try and make sure that everything is in
focus for you guys
that is just my goal let's see if I can
actually achieve it because I have zero
patience I'm the worst with that
so we'll try I'm in Josh and Colleen's
backyard because I'm gonna shoot a thing
with Rebecca that makes sense right
Rebecca and I are gonna go get our pubic
hair lasered off Wow josh is here you
know I didn't know honestly until right
before you got here and I was like so
what are you guys doing she's like a
laser hair I'm like armpits no vagina
okay well I don't want to know that
about Rachel she's like wouldn't you
prefer
Rachel walking around with like to think
about anyway so that's what Rebecca and
I are doing today just not announcements
in the world a before and after video
all right guys of my vagina
Rebecca is making me film a video with
her first and by making she asked and I
said yes and Josh is filming it because
we're putting him to work all right
I'm not gonna show you my whole outfit
but Rebecca has put me in something that
requires ears we're shooting Halloween
video I'm not oh and then she's can you
guess what she's gonna be alright we
just finished filming Rebecca's video I
can't I'd ever thought I'd hang out with
someone who wore such little clothing
during Halloween but I love her to
pieces so we just started filming
finished filming that it should be out
today I think so if you want to check
that on their channel you can and now I
must shoot something for Josh and then
we're gonna go get our hair lasered off
now we just got my vagina laser
more than listen this chick told me that
I'm not supposed to shave before I come
so I didn't and I was like this is
annoying because I hate body hair and
then she gets out of her apartment goes
oh you're supposed to shave so I got
shaved and the laser hi I convinced her
to shave her before she did it she said
it would be extra painful she had a set
of hair and I thought it was like black
see where you throw it out I forgot and
so I was like could you shave her do you
have just like yeah I could she's like
otherwise it's really painful you were
gonna have to do without all trying to
shave me completely so there were some
boys well I re but then the whole area
that wasn't that bad for me there's a
few little spots in there warm and
toasty get used to it I guess but it did
smell like burning hair in there so yeah
as that happened I got hair lasered off
I hate body hair if you know me I hate
body hair a lot and I especially hate
pubic hair I just find it gross
um I'm not saying that you guys need to
get it lasered off I'm not saying that
that makes you pretty I just don't like
hair and Rebecca was like I got mine off
and I was like that's actually I want to
do that I've never done it because I've
never like known anyone to do it and I
didn't know anything about it should I
get it super easy just come do it and
also Clary so I wouldn't get it and I
know I was fun yeah we heard a little
bit it was kind of like an annoying pain
it wasn't like this is unbarring I've
gotten wax before and that was actually
waxing is more painful but laser it's
like it's zapped and it's just constant
like over and over again it happens and
I don't know how to explain it it's like
tedious paint that's how I explain it in
Rebecca's vlog it's tedious paint anyway
that's that I got that done I'm just
gonna close this out bye it is Tuesday
and I haven't blogged a darn thing
but things have happened today I hit
nine hundred thousand subs on my main
channel which is awesome but today I've
just been working for Colleen I'm at her
house right now she's shooting videos
with people you know we're doing things
we're having fun but I haven't vlogged
Annie of it because I'm a terrible human
being yeah so maybe I should vlog more
tonight so I footage the post tomorrow
yeah so literally nothing happened I
have a text message hold on one second
welcome back
okay so nothing that was film of all
happened last night but hi it's it's
Wednesday I'm supposed to post my blog
today but I'm just gonna film a little
bit today but you guys don't mind right
I mean I posted a bonus video the last
bonus video of that series on my main
channel today well we did it guys we
posted four videos while I test you did
nothing except you were really nice
comments on it so thank you boys I hope
you didn't I don't know I hope that me I
saw nice comments I don't know if you
did it it could be someone else I'm
driving I'll put this down I don't want
all my comments to be yelling at me and
now I'm back at Queens
oh right perhaps some whiskers from my
eyeliner by the way kollene and I I I
figured out our Halloween costumes today
we were driving down the road and I said
them and she freaked out and we're going
to do them I'm not gonna show you until
Halloween because it's a surprise is
that Christopher I'm gonna go watch
Christopher's vlog bye sorry videos up
late but I hope you enjoyed it I'm gonna
post one tomorrow as well it's all
thanks for watching guys I got hair
taken off my vagina by another human
being with lasers that happened to me I
love you guys these are watching bye
good Jesse oh I'm that plate that you
get on international first-class seat
I'm a letter
