so I'm headed to lunch right now to have
lunch with my sister and we're going to
talk about business things and discuss
YouTube bread which isn't going to
affect you guys and I'll explain you to
run a little bit because I know a lot of
you are freaking out but I really
shouldn't talk about other things and
whatnot so I didn't of course go hit me
I'm gonna go find my sister - its 2:20
and a ho ain't here yet and she's like
this one of the food and I'll get there
by the time it gets there food here
Faline not here so I'm just eating it
without her and kale look who finally
decided to show up
angry at 2:21 it's the next day and I
left my house wearing one of my sandals
and one of Matt's can you tell the
difference just one of those days guys
alright so I told you guys I talked to
you about YouTube bread so this is me
talking about YouTube bread then the
best thing I compared to is Spotify or
Pandora you can listen to Spotify and
Pandora without paying anything but if
you do pay then there's no ads that's
what YouTube bread is all of us
youtubers have to do it or else they'll
make our videos disappear and so all the
youtubers have to do it it's not like
we're choosing and it's either we
continue to be a youtuber or we don't
that's basically what it is and some of
you are concerned about how we get paid
youtubers get paid on Adsense so those
little ads you see that's how we get
paid so people pay to not have the ads
there some of you are freaking out about
how we're gonna get paid well we get
paid based on how long the paid
subscribers watch our videos I don't
know what it is yet but just know that
YouTube makes a lot of money off of us
so they're not going to do something
that's gonna make us not make videos
anymore so this is scary
no one knows what's happening it is very
strange it's a
change but it's a change that we have to
make and so we might as well just kind
of get on board with it like you can
fight it as much as you want for you
guys I don't really think there is a
reason to fight it if you pay the $9.99
a month you don't get ads and you get
movies that some of the some of the
creators are making but if you don't pay
you don't get those movies and you have
to get ads so you're not losing any of
us
you're not losing youtubers unless they
don't subscribe to YouTube read because
then YouTube will make their videos
disappear I think it's gonna be still
the exact same for you guys you still
just type in YouTube and you can see our
videos as long as we do YouTube bread
you don't have to pay to see us so you
said that some youtubers can make it so
their videos are private so only people
that pay can watch that would be really
stupid on their part so trust me you'll
be able to watch everybody's videos for
free it's just if you do pay you can get
some extra content like some videos I
think Lily and some other people have
made and also you don't have ads that's
all it is so YouTube is not gonna piss
us off is not gonna make it so that we
stop making videos because they make
lots of money off of us so they're gonna
want to keep us happy and they're gonna
want to keep paying us so that we keep
basically paying them so everyone is
freaking out stop freaking out we're all
gonna watch videos it's just a new form
like when Google YouTube went to Google+
that was a huge change everyone was
against it but guess what youtubers
still exist we still were making videos
everyone's still happy there's no need
to freak out we're all living we're all
good stop freaking out you're gonna be
able to watch everybody for free if you
pay you just don't have ads and you get
some more like video content movies that
I'm sure people will download extract
and give to you for free if you don't
have it that's how the internet works
okay stop freaking out
you're still gonna watch all of us we're
still gonna be here this is my channel
this will always be my channel there'll
always be videos on this channel for you
guys to watch ok and on my main channel
and sit with Colleen and Josh and all of
the other people that we like my brother
everybody so calm down we all have a
channel well it's gonna stay there
you'll still be here they'll still be
more videos they're just probably gonna
be like a little red box next to YouTube
we don't know it's just gonna say
YouTube red instead of YouTube that's
all that's it so calm down I'm at
Colleen's now
and guess who what awesome human being
is at Colleen's
what is happening oh god don't even put
down a camera and help you
the stretchy ones are her legal you know
what she's doing
you know what are you doing
yeah you do know what you're doing I'm
gonna put down the camera now quilling
okay this is clean sport guys we are the
part with each other
Colleen ditched us and we built the for
ourselves this is the end sighs we got a
little floor and a little Jacob and then
listen way too big what oh it is yeah oh
yeah you look comfortable in the living
room all the sabacc door the backyard
okay yeah I'm gonna show them the
outside of the fort because I can't be
in and this is the outside of the for
Jacob are you in the backyard
what other exit is there that is a scary
exit I don't like this exit is that the
side door
we finished the port yeah you don't see
it Jacob made me expand but I'm leaving
say goodbye Jacob please don't get hurt
in this unstable fort because it is not
stable at all that's not gonna work
buddy no it's not
how's Rachel maybe you should stick
around and help Anne I gotta go I gotta
go go over all right I'm gone hanging
out with the kid let's there were a lot
of fun but I had stuff to do I don't
errands to run one thing was buying a
new router this is my new router isn't
it cool oh wait what's this a really
awesome picture of me and Colleen yep
that's a winner anyway my internet has
been doing this really great thing where
it doesn't work it'll work on one
computer but not the other and we'll
work on the PlayStation but not the
Apple TV and it will load certain pages
but it won't load others like last night
it would load the speed test it would
look goo GLE and if you type something
into Google it would show you the Google
Answers
but you couldn't click any of the links
like it was just being really stupid
keeps dropping so I've been freaking out
about it and last night was the last
straw like it was it wasn't pretty
it was there was a lot of anger
happening in his apartment because the
internet was being a butthole but it's
my job I need internet so I wouldn't
bought a new router today and we're this
like it just this is beautiful I don't
know if it's gonna work or hopefully if
it does don't say we should switch
internets because there's only one
internet provider in like a ten-mile
radius of where I live so I can't get
another internet and I can't have FiOS
because it doesn't it's not provided
here I'm just stuck with one in a crappy
internet provider thing so I'm doing
everything I can to make it work and
it's just a first well problem I'm
trying to fix it though update I got my
internet to work yes I think the router
actually is doing good things I'm a
little abou sheikah right now I don't
really know what the word babushka means
we can talk about that some other time
but I'm closing out my blog thank you
guys for watching I love you goodbye
also don't freak out about YouTube red
I'm not being sponsored to say this I'm
just trying to calm you guys down
because freaking out isn't gonna help
just be happy go spread some happiness
today but still Coleen's line real quick
spread some happiness you'll feel better
