hey it's something morning it's
Wednesday morning I am still in Vegas
and clean has my hairbrush so I can't
really brush my hair right now I also
look blue wait huh I can raise the
shades with a remote control I'm very
excited for this hold on
all right this remote raise the shades
Delaney
damn me daddy-o done flapping over to
clean to get my hairbrush and hanging
out there so come on okay so we just
went to the pool and then we went to the
spa and this is my few clips of footage
I from the spa we're at this bar I'm not
allowed to vlog so this is it bye oh we
weren't allowed to film there so
obviously I snuck only a few shots but
right now we're getting ready to go to
see all right knee we're gonna go see
Britney I just screamed really loud
those slightly annoying I'm sorry about
that but yeah I'm trying to figure out
what I'm gonna wear this is my outfit
thus far did it they did too didn't I
guess what I'm wearing under it running
shorts puzzles my vagina but yeah I'm
trying to fear that I've to do my hair
and makeup still and by hair and makeup
I mean not really do anything but we're
gonna go to dinner at some place I don't
remember the name of it but I'll let you
know later and so I'm gonna go over the
growth room and see what's up
alright we are dinner at Lavo I'm not
focused but you're going to deal with it
and here's the food
we want
Oh
and label
we're show stuff but we've barely made a
dent
the search is about to come out first
they brought us a little espresso so
people calling expressly either wrong
yeah
I think you're laughs I could care less
that is wrong yes because I means you
could care less
especially xscape those are ollie hold
on
now that we've all eaten so much that we
can't move it's time for Brittany don't
worry we're just taking a limo oh you
think it's mom
we're having a pretty dance party before
we say brand annoying we just got here a
couple to the stage that's right there I
just dropped my phone time
yeah
Oh
Oh
yeah
I just
you
oh my god that was amazing
alright we're done with threatening and
I'm dead and my voice is gone because it
was amazing and I loved every moment of
it and she was living on stage to make
me live but now we're on some ferris
wheel thing I don't have a high roller
you guys busted okay so we race to the
top and this is it I should probably
take a selfies amazing on Instagram oh
yeah
it's Thursday morning now and I'm about
to leave by Las Vegas thanks Palazzo for
having me things tau and Lavo for
feeding me thanks Brittany for big
gorgeous thanks Planet Hollywood for
having Brittany be gorgeous on stage and
thank you Paulie and Colleen for making
this all happen
but yeah I'm about to leave some good
bye Bay Bay Bay Bay I actually have a
different flight than everyone else
because I booked my flight after them oh
I'm in the dark I'm in the dark there I
am um yeah I have a different flight so
everyone already left like three hours
ago
and I am just always saying the land was
forgot to pack my sandal doc okay oh
yeah
so I'm about to leave and head to the
airport and that's my story Lori
all right I'm home from Vegas I'm gonna
say goodbye now goodbye
even wish
