it's Monday morning and it's a vlog day
and I just open the fridge and realize
that Matt organized it it may not look
organized to you guys but that's
organized to me today I have to go take
coins car and get it inspected because
someone rear-ended her someone backed
into her while she's backing out already
I was there it was not her fault but I
have to go to them get a car inspection
so they could be like totally insurance
it'll cost us much money and then I bet
they'd be used to filming at it and
there's football a tonight that's my day
oh did you guys know I'm going to Vegas
tomorrow I'm in a car wash right now I
have to I'm getting clean car wash
because I have to get it inspected look
at all that collars collars collars
collars yep okay I took Lynn's cardigan
inspected I went to a shoot with her and
then I just filmed a couple videos
because I'm going to Vegas tomorrow
tomorrow is Tuesday and I will come back
later in the week so I won't have time
to film a Tuesday video or Rachel's room
so I had to brew them both the day which
is a normal thing and I'm not
complaining because that's actually just
my work and I should be doing that
always you know I said I'm cleaning up
my stuff ah so productive yeah okay
guess where I am now in Vegas you can go
up to we're all gonna be vlogging this
trip Cory are you can be vlogging yeah
I'm eating pepper there's no table why
the plain name book Dingle Dingle your
date go we are all in Vegas right now
I'm letting Rachel thanks oh we're in
Vegas right now we just laid it we're
here to see Brittany
sometime and we're staying at the
Venetian there's are things that are
supposed to be said okay right now
Rebecca and Khalid are shopping and that
is not my forte uh-huh what is with my
sis I just like having one pencil every
week just a new one pops up but anyway
oh I'm in Italy
this head good hit
we've actually always wanted to go to
Italy so this is nice but today we're
just gonna shop and then we're gonna go
to dinner at TAO I think and then we're
gonna go see a female impersonators show
so it's gonna be fun
I don't really oh I'm saying to you guys
I'm just kind of talking so I never
paint my nails but I was bored in the
Sephora so this is what happened and
Korey then his two heads look better
than mine
better than me I never do it and I'm
gonna regret that I did this tomorrow
guys guess what I'm wearing a skirt we
are getting ready right now to go out -
nerd - towel what hotel are we staying
at what's the source of that whoa what
the Palazzo we're staying at the Palazzo
I said we're staying at the Venetian but
we're not we're staying at the Palazzo
but we're having dinner in tau which is
in Indonesia sure Toronto we're getting
dressed up
Colleen looks really good she kind of
looks like a genie Egyptian just
great
and then Cori Rebecca and Holly over
meet us for dinner that's my story
that's my blog you guys know I suck at
this the Griffin hotel just gave us
because they're awesome
delicious
here's delicious and we're eating it up
around our second course and I can't
believe how delicious my facebook like
this I think I told you guys but I'm
sick I woke up with a sore throat you
see it sees the end Pixar so Rebecca
were to be some tea is really cute
teapot
yeah all right now that dinner is done
and I ate my weight and delicious food
we're now at a female impersonation show
at length what's it called divas divas
divas so she went to you and me sorry no
you're offended yeah we're cool with it
and we are not the divas this time oh my
god anyway so we're about to see that
show and I'm very excited there's your
favorite diva I don't know I haven't
seen it yet
Beyonce not that Midler but now I think
Madonna is my favorite
I mean Madonna is amazing I don't know
after the show I'll probably change my
favorite Deena I wasn't allowed to film
the diva show but I took a lot of
pictures here they are
we're back at the hotel I'm still in a
skirt but guess what happened to my
skirt I walked over one of those things
from the 60s that blows air up from the
sidewalk and I'm definitely Marilyn
Monroe tit you know fart yep you are
good god wait break some show them your
shoes what the heck shoes these are
Rachel shoes you guys would you believe
that Rachel had the most bling out any
of us on her she's doing this for your
wedding I don't know I got those I don't
know the date off the other wedding I
got it for Colleen's wedding so clearly
I got the sparkliest things in the
entire world that's all you know how the
hotel hold on I've scratched my room and
I want to check the closets for scary
people
no scary people sorry just a habit
I don't know why I'm like this hotel
room so big that I'm scared of it you
know since I don't know why but I'm like
checking behind things which is I I
never do I'm never this weird anyway
anyway so remember how the Hotel gave
Colleen free champagne and strawberries
well I would ate them all and I was like
no I want these in my room too and
probably like let me check my room see
if there's any - I'm sorry there's none
then breakfast I'll check my room
there's none in mine and then I got to
my room so many so the strawberries and
go to bed so this is an depth vac this
end of it I'm not drunk I'm completely
sober sorry this is the in this vlog
thanks for watching guys in to me I get
to see Britney tomorrow oh that's a
vagina look
