it's Saturday
it's 8 a.m. I have to edit a vlog and
upload it you ready to leave for the
theater we're doing two shows today
we're doing a matinee at a night show
it's all being filmed so I have to get
to the theater extra early today and
this is my eye buzz when I wake up
apparently I didn't even know they wear
this ugly okay okay so all the vlog is
now uploading process little much rock
up pearl sauce I jump in the shower get
cleaned up and then pack up everything
to make sure that it's in bags and that
I can take it
don't believe me
don't believe me just watch as you can
tell I'm bored I woke up early usually
wake up like the nick of time just to
get ready for the show
and today I thought I'd wake up a little
early just to recheck everything image
juice is flowing because today is kind
of important day so I wanted to make
sure that I was in for it yeah I really
love Colleen's shirts these new one says
she has I'm actually obsessed with them
not even like required to wear it to the
show and I still to was any like packing
up and doing stuff alright so I got to
the theater at 11 and it is 3:30 now and
we just finished doing tech and getting
everything completely set so it's been a
long morning just doing this special
stuff who's filming it I don't think I'm
supposed to film any of the show because
she's filming it for a thingy so you
just get me backstage all day and Josh
interesting things on your vlog your
hair when you do that is amazing and I'm
like Jimmy Neutron I love it I've gotten
that comment so many times and I don't
know if I should be offended by it
got a very large hand in right here a
tiny ball there you go
he's describing Jimmy Neutron not
himself so I don't really know what to
show you guys this I can't show the show
so
I felt blogging anything today we did a
show a meet-and-greet
then I've reset the stage and literally
ten minutes later we did another show
and then another meet-and-greet it's
almost 11 p.m. right now we are
exhausted think beyond it that's not
even in the words to show days are
always very difficult if you put all of
your energy out into one show and then
you have to do it all over again and it
may be sound like I'm complaining and
it's because I am I woke up at 5:00 a.m.
today so Shoshanna your comments about
my face we landed in Santa Barbara
Airport and Colleen friend to piano
apparently these are all over SB so
that's that talk to you guys later when
I'm not in public
my mommy picked us up from the airport
she's driving my dad's car so she can't
talk to you sorry guys I know you're
really disappointed in you're all crying
right now but maybe later driving we're
all going to get lunch anyway we woke up
early Josh is gorgeous as always
and there's that to report we are going
to Tina's baby shower she's having a
second child and we're going to that
baby shower later today that's why we
flew in and out of Santa Barbara so that
we could be here for it and that's the
end of that sentence my arms tired bite
I still look like this guys I don't care
we're on our way to the baby shower
we're walking and if we're gonna do a
baby shower
Oh
you'll always be
all right the baby showers not ended but
we're leaving because Heather has to go
feed it okay there's Rebecca you're
welcome Peter dog yeah I hate how
gorgeous you are makes me angry she's
like what these crystal crystal blue
eyes aren't blue they're brown
no brown like poo Brown like excuse
me
so are mine hey guys it's Monday morning
I'm home sorry to vlog me coming home I
look back at yesterday I don't know
really what happened I can't believe I
actually functioned throughout the day
without a map all right the baby shower
was fine I got to see teenie I got to
see toys how you been
we left the baby shower earlier so if
you want to see the rest of the baby
shower or if you want to see the child
that will be born being born soon
sometime in November go check out teenie
and Simon's channel if you haven't
already they've got a cute kid and I've
got one on the way and they have a cute
dog and they have the rest of the baby
shower on them I think let's hope so
because they vlog - all right love you
guys baby
