alright starting today's vlog well I
have a lot of work to do today so I'm
just going to be working a lot today and
work work work that's what I do I have a
couple videos to edit because all day
tomorrow
cleaning that I have to work on the show
so everything I have to do before I
leave for Seattle because I go to
Seattle on Friday I have to do today
which is Wednesday because tomorrow
which is Thursday I'm busy and then
Friday I leave and then I'm gone so I
have a lot of stuff to do today
basically what I'm saying okay alright
so I posted my Wednesday bonus video and
and then I just and then I posted my
vlog and now I could put makeup on to
film another video so things the fire
okay can we talk about how makeup is
basically literally just painting your
face your your painting your face is
what you're doing you're putting paint
on your face now I have to set up my
filming stuff so that I can film here oh
that made the bed nice boom set up
everything like a freaking ninja all
right I have to found this video this is
a the last video I'm doing for courtyard
on my main channel I feel like you guys
have probably seen him yeah there's the
last one of those I have to film so I
try really hard to make him funny and
creative I thought I hope you guys have
been liking him but yeah so I'm gonna
film that last one I have to send him in
like two weeks early for them to get
approved so that's what I'm doing today
rod day I'm gonna film okay thanks bye
alright I just finished filming I get so
I get very flustered when filming those
things cuz there's things I have to say
and when I have to say something it's
learning lines and I'm terrible at that
I just I don't memorize anything I don't
plan anything out usually when I felt my
videos it's just I turn on the camera
and things just kind of happen so what I
have like kind of a guideline of what
I'm supposed to do I kept left flower
gusted that's a word I just made up so
yeah I'm just making up things up the
back that's how I do it I'm okay now I
need to go do other shots for this video
I'm at my sister's Denise Dave Davey
is what if you like your homeschool
brain here I'll give it a close up yeah
looks really frizzy
I don't know data's who cares
oh we even worked it's Thursday we've
been working all day on the show because
Killeen had to rewrite the whole show
for this special she's doing in Seattle
and we're leaving tomorrow for Seattle
and so we had to rewrite everything and
we've just been going over props and
whatnot this is my domain this is my
mess I've created this and creating
setlist and redoing the PowerPoint thing
so a lot of stuff yeah so and we're
about to eat dinner
Colleen's making me dinner she's my
little nice word for a cook clean was
like um sorry the food might not taste
good it looks a little weird
delicious yeah she's my gosh I'm we're
gonna watch the Kardashians and eat
dinner like classy about that truck off
all right I'm about to leave caline's I
just filmed some stuff for that video
that I was filming earlier for courtyard
and I'ma leave clean this boring no
we're watching YouTube videos normal and
she is but dazzling Crocs Colleen the
bedazzler work the camera work the
angles work your knife work it Oh lick
the shoe all right
anyway I'm going home bye hi I'm Missy I
don't know that just change in cities
and states all right we're over her Z to
show someone close out this vlog let me
by
