alright I'm gonna go watch a monday
night football at a bar and play some
pool and have fun so do you guys want to
join me too bad you have no choice
actually you totally have a choice you
could totally just click out of this but
don't please I'm not a bar I have beer
and I'm watching dr. game on this TV
right here and the football game where
am I yeah on that TV right there
I'm multi-task sports wise very proud of
myself
alright so now it is Tuesday and Matt
and I just filmed a pumpkin-carving
video and that's up right now yeah
doesn't taste good how do you repair a
broken pumpkin Wow
buy a pumpkin patch I forgot my line and
now we're gonna go get sushi it's 4:30
and our eating schedules are so weird
that we're eating dinner lunch right now
I don't know what we're eating what
we're gonna go eat some sushi
I just came in at Target someone's
staring at me as I blog and I don't know
what's happening here
targets like setting up things like
their Ikea or something don't sit I you
don't need to set that up I don't know
what's happening by the way I'm at
Target
so let's shop what what what what what
well this is a gorgeous aisle what what
what what what what I love cereal I
absolutely hate the Razr things that go
off when you walk by it
hate that it's Wednesday morning I just
waxed my moustache do you see it do you
see how that's a little bit run cause I
waxed my moustache anyway I just posted
a video on my main channel it's a bonus
video and I always get scared posting
things so a little boom there are sex
noises I don't know if you can hear that
but our sex noises happening the living
room I'm watching a TV show but it has
sex happening that's awkward I don't
know if you guys could hear it a lot
oh but everybody close out this vlog I
know it wasn't very long but I've been
doing a lot of work and stuff and
driving a lot which is in a lot of good
vlog egde so I'm gonna say goodbye
thanks for watching guys and I will see
you Friday
yes okay bye yes they updated time
