good morning I actually said good
morning to you guys already and my
camera won't import the SD footage
somehow I don't know what's going on I
just it might the computer will import
it that the camera the camera didn't
find it's the computer I don't know
what's going on but I don't want to say
the whole thing over again so hi it's
Saturday goodbye so I live near a church
and you'd think oh that sounds Pleasant
it's not
they are the noisiest people in the
morning wake it up to ridiculous music
and people cheering come on charge I
thought you would be pleasant nice open
the window now you hear it do you hear
that that's what you hear in the
mornings I'm gonna go at Target and get
things come on I know I said I'd taken
your target but there were so many
people there I hate leaving my house on
Saturdays there were a million people at
Target I was like trying to race through
the aisles getting out of there as fast
as possible
and you know what I went to find pumpkin
carving stuff and other things but all I
could find was this stupid scooper thing
which is what I really needed but I
wouldn't want those kids the only kids
they have we're like these massive
things for spider-man or princess stuff
and I was like listen I don't need all
this business and I didn't want to buy a
ten dollar thing for only you two
dollars worth of stuff that should be
being cheap all right I am being
productive today and I'm going to fill a
Rachel's room because whoa I almost
broke my light look a professional yeah
so I'm about to film a Rachel's room oh
god I'm tripping over everything
stupid weight bench showed it kick that
ish kicked it to the curb though I can't
rap nevermind I'm at Ralph's now she's
doing some wolf full grocery shopping
and I found a pumpkin-carving thing
finally Matt says I won't use it and
soccer work he's probably right but I'm
not call ahead know that but anyway I'm
getting it cuz it's only a dollar fifty
sorry it's a lot in the background and
watching house of cards so I don't want
to walk to my stereo system Oh Matt post
it magic I just needed to say sorry
making you post this for me to sick this
one little thing but whoever made the
popcorn bags with the openal open them
with the open pouch so that you can use
it as a bowl complete genius I'm
actually extremely appreciative of it
and I needed the world to know that so
whoever invented that I thank you
wholeheartedly I'm gonna go back to
watching house of cards now hey it's
Sunday night I'm sitting in a parking
garage normal I know I'm actually in
Santa Barbara right now I drove here a
couple hours ago because my best friend
from high school right after high school
she moved to San Francisco for college
and she stayed there and I moved to LA
and stayed there so we never get to see
each other and she told me she'd be in
Santa Barbara this weekend when she
wanted to hang out tonight and so I
dropped everything and drove Santa
Barbara so I'm here to hang out with a
friend and she said to meet her downtown
and text her when I got here and I'm
here and I text her she knows texted me
back I'm not gonna see my friend what's
up it's Monday morning now and I had a
fun time with my friend last night we
got frozen yogurt and then got in my car
and I drove her home and then we sat in
my car for about three hours talking
that's what did you ready much to do
with people you ate in a while you just
talked to catch up now I'm driving to
hamburger habit and I'm going to lunch
with my dad and we're gonna go over
merch stuff because I'm really trying to
put out new merch designs but for some
reason I keep running into like speed
bumps and hiccups and it sucks so my dad
and I are gonna work out some designs
together and hopefully that stuff will
be up soon I really wanted to be up soon
that's about it so come on guys let's go
do today the blue half baked is probably
gonna stop filming and edit and post
this you never really know with me I
just had lunch with my dad I'm pretty
sure I'll have new merch by the end of
October yeah that's what I'm hoping for
I need to just make it happen but it's
really hot here so I'm gonna head back
to LA because I have air conditioning in
LA and I don't have air conditioning
here at my parents house so I'm gonna
pack up and leave but first I think we
should hide at the doggies hey puppies
yes you're a puppy hi another puppy and
you're also a good one who doesn't want
to leave the shade if I come in do you
promise not to jump on me do you promise
oh do you promise yeah don't jump on me
I'm wearing sandals this is not good for
my toesies okay oh yes well yes you're a
good dog
no goodness oh you just don't know how
to be pet Oh Bubba you're calm we're
good oh god this one's coming back at me
okay drop it drop it drop it but why do
you like this game so much
how you doing Doug we've had Bubba since
I was a little kid he's so calm and old
he's just an old wise dog tell by all
the white fur on the top of his head
yeah it reminds me of your it's like
cool I guess I'll leave my shade now
he's so cute you're just so cute Oh her
anime toys team I texted my mom asking
if I could steal this Cup and shouldn't
respond so I just kind of took that as a
yes what else she has negative I
supposed to leave five minutes ago but I
can still see who is the strong try
steal a fish I don't even know she how
to fish hi fish bu bu
are you dead do you move are you fake I
want to tap your glass but that's me to
do it fish fishy I don't know if this is
real or not
twenty percent off at Bed Bath and
Beyond
don't mind if I do nothing else is good
on the fridge what else does she got
just realize that she watches these
videos so if I actually steal anything
of importance she'll find out what is
that a laminator I got a text message
not my mother I can steal things I just
found something this is a charger for a
vlog II and we are always losing our
charges for a vlog II so I'm gonna keep
this here heads up Colleen and Josh if
you're missing a vlogging charger it's
in the room it's right here next to all
of these self-help books oh and then
they post this is my mom does she get
she steals our posters she steals our
books she steals our chargers and then
we see who is texting me so as you can
see stealing runs in the family
here's this great photo I just found me
hiding behind Colleen and she's holding
I have no clue who she's holding
actually
your cousin cami who knows these days
there's somebody else I'm sweating I
have to leave this stealing venture is
over all right I'm back and all I am at
my place now hmm they're gonna change
the settings change the settings on my
camera so you can see me in dark places
all right I'm gonna edit this and then
keep doing life and then post it so
thanks for watching bye
