oh good we're going tweet instagramming
that up
send going to snapchat send going to
Twitter tweet and real life and no one's
here but hey things
okay interviewer here how you doing
one time no see long time no life I
didn't even realize it was Saturday
until some of you were tweeting me you
know I was like also that okay once I'm
done watching sports
now suppressor over so I'm here let's go
to Twitter to see if it's working this
sometimes doesn't work pinging yo
located or here you're looking at
happening okay Amanda asks how I am I'm
really good I was in Carmel California
this yeah Carmel yes I was in Carmel
this morning we walked around when I
flew to LA and now I'm home and I
cuddled my dog
I ate good food that's the end of it I
can't complain I'm having a good day
grand old time no it's 1:00 a.m. how are
you I'm good
it's only 10:00 p.m. for me huh I'm
studying for exams and I'm studying for
an exam send help
well Sabina I don't think you can study
very well watch while you're watching a
live stream so as much as I love having
you here you can't study and watch a
live stream at the same time in my
personal opinion I mean I wouldn't be
able to maybe your magician and you can
do that people what I used to study
people are always written to music while
you do it and then it helps you it no it
distracted me because I don't listen to
calm and user music I listen to music I
wanted to dance to and move my groove
thank you so I I had to have like
complete silence and just focus I
couldn't people had things I tried to
lie and say it worked for me but it did
it did not I don't get how people do
that
have you listened to the pentatonix
cover of Havana no I haven't yet I've
listened to snippets that sounds really
good and I've been like oh I need to
listen to that that sounds good but I
have not made the trip over to YouTube
to watch it yet
I'm a terrible fan we're going to VidCon
Australia no they haven't invited me I
don't feel like poppin over and saying
hi without an invitation cuz I might
just get stuck doing absolutely nothing
and they don't let me in so um as of
right now there are zero plans for me to
go to VidCon Australia if they invited
me I'd go on a heartbeat I love
Australia but no I'm going to VidCon us
in Anaheim I'm doing that I have to
respond to that email oh snap I hope
there wasn't a deadline to it it's been
in my inbox for like a week
whoops oh you look pretty today
thank you I put some makeup on this
morning oh my god on my flight I had a
cup of water on my tray and as I was in
the front row it wasn't first-class
story it was thank you tiny little
flight so there wasn't like a first but
I just happened to be in the front row
because no one wants that row because
there's not a place to put your things
under the seat in front of you is
actually the worst row I hate the first
row it's the worst because you have to
put things up top and then you can't
easily access them unless the seat belt
signs off so anyway and also the tray
tables aren't in front of you would
learn in the armrest
which was where I went wrong today so I
got a full cup of water a couple sips
put out the armrest thing that's right
here so there's space it's not connected
to the walls those bunch space so put it
on the armrest thing and then I was like
okay I'll get that and I fell asleep and
then I woke up to a cup of water on my
foot because I fell asleep and slowly
went forward and move the cup and it
fell off the tray and landed all over my
foot so I had an icy cold foot the big
it was the beginning of the fight as
well so there's the whole fight it was
great it was lovely but my foot is now
dry it is a little cold because it's
cold in my house but that's all
tell me a story that was your story
that's what you get that's the story
I've told did you ever watch suite life
on deck okay Mac attack loves Rachel
okay why did the longest screen name on
the planet it's like 20 words anyway no
I was a little too old for that I
watched a little bit of sweet life Zack
Cody when they were in the hotel which I
thought was a really weird like just
scenario but whatever but I did not
watch the deck 1 because by the time
they got to the cruise ship I was a
little older and not really watching the
Disney Channel anymore I realized though
I was still watching iCarly because I
feel like Nickelodeon goes towards maybe
an older audience I don't know
or I just okay I know I spit on my
glasses my dog likes to lick my glasses
and then when I try to clean them I get
dog hair on them because my shirt is
filled with dog hair I told you shedding
like crazy and I don't know why like
just massively randomly shedding like
crazy we can't figure it out Cole
Sprouse is great he's a funny Twitter
now right he does stuff no I see them I
don't I'm a terrible human and I don't
know them apart that I think he's the
one that's like doing stuff again he's
pretty money are they both doing stuff I
don't know mm-hmm why don't you react to
Havana cover by pentatonix life because
then I wouldn't be able this video would
get flagged because I have stolen their
content if I lent the whole video play
just so you know tater tots what about
them
crystal what about them
who's your fav member of One Direction
ID - no are they still a group I thought
they all split up and are doing their
own things now I guess instinct and sync
is still a group even though they're not
a thing anymore do you guys even know
who instinct is well I didn't have a
favorite of One Direction I I never did
I was never well I did pop my head to a
few of their songs it was never a huge
One Direction heart ache person again I
was a little too old to fangirl over the
children that voice that were very much
younger than me so I never really
fangirls oh there's a few songs I was
like oh okay and then the rest few songs
like that maybe it's because I'm not 13
year old girls so not my but I know that
Harry and Zayn didn't Liam all right I
guess I think it feels so mad at me I
don't know the ball I'm sorry
but I was in Australia when Zayn left
the band and that seeing those man
heartbroken girls were heart broken
oh goodness sing that on the internet it
was I mean it was worse than if a boy
actually had broken up with them it was
bad
hey favorite pun I don't know anything
my dad is said do you think
fifth harmony will split up well is it
only a fourth harmony knows just saying
when one leaves the group they don't
last much longer I'm just saying I'm
just saying it no well I mean I feel
like groups bands like you guys are
gonna get my references bands that play
instruments like today like there's a
drummer and a guitarist and vocalist the
person feel like those bands stick
together longer than people who are like
five or four people just singers because
I just have noticed that the singer
groups Ned
they don't ever they don't always last
they don't stick together forever guys
I've been through so many of those bands
or groups their groups are they bands
they're a group right because vans play
instruments I don't really know I'm not
saying them better or what any other I
don't really know I'm just trying to say
so bands with instruments I have seen
lasts a long time longer than people
that just do vocals because people that
just do vocals they realize hey I could
do this by myself and get paid so much
more money and they're in charge of all
the creative ideas they don't have to
split everything I make sure everything
is okay with like a bunch of other
people like so they split off and they
can do it on their own
just sad trucks guys it's the sad truth
I've seen it happen in my day seen it
happen a lot I just saw YouTube comments
saying fart please this is Haley this is
why we don't look at YouTube comments
cuz for some reason during live streams
people comment really weird things on
YouTube that's always sick to Twitter
and Instagram I'm gonna actually go over
to Instagram you can comment on my the
last photo I posted OS of me and Colleen
on stage and I'll respond to comments on
that photo okay fewer chip flavor what
chip flavor would you be I have no idea
but this reminds me of something so the
other day so shop at Whole Foods
they usually have a healthier selection
means more up my alley there's been a
lot of chips that are like cook didn't
avocado oil cooked in coconut oil like
they're getting fancy with their oils
it's not just canola oil which is worse
for you than Oh like avocado oil but
anyway I saw this one it was cooked in
almond oil and it was a smoky flavor and
it tasted like a barbecue chip but it
was just a normal chip cooked in a smoky
almond oil and it was delicious it was
amazing and my mind was blown because it
wasn't a barbecue chip it was but not as
bad for you chips so bad for chickens
bad for you there's calories I mean
that's not bad
I mean calories do you know there's no
nutritional value in chip
but it was it was blowing my mind
I loved it but no wait am i doing I want
to scram
I'm all over the place what was it like
to go on stage for the first time I
don't even remember my first time on
stage um that's false I mean it wasn't a
stage it was a carpet I've been I don't
remember
I'm done I've been doing it last since
like seventh grade I've been doing
things on stage I've had a lot of stage
experience which is why I think it's so
easy for me to help out with Killeen
shows but all through high school I did
shows in eighth grade I did a show I
didn't do anything in seventh grade no I
did I used to sing I used to sing for
the warning singing I I was bad
I couldn't sing I just wanted to do it I
don't know I don't I genuinely don't
remember my first time on stage I think
eighth grade was my first time like
being on a true station from a true
audiences that I do people I didn't know
and I don't remember it I don't remember
it at all I think I remember my audition
I think maybe that was my first time on
stage I don't know but I will say the
more you do it the easier it gets
and I have no problem going on stage for
cooling shows it's super easy I have no
problem talking on microphone
it's the more you do is just it just
becomes kind of natural so if you have
stage right now the way to get over it
just keep going through the torture of
it I think it helped me is that I was in
theater I hated theater I hated that a
lot I just my friends were doing it so I
did it I'm glad I did it because I
wasn't good enough to get in like the
front of the stage and like get a real
roll with a name or anything so I wasn't
good enough to do that but I was decent
enough in which I'm really good at
standing in the background and when you
stand in the background no one notices
you but you
kind of over your stage fright because
you're on the stage a lot but then
you're like wait no one's looking at me
so you get the feeling of being on stage
and seeing the audience but you can't
mess up no one come laughing or anything
did you not doing anything so being in
theater and being good enough to get
into the show but not so good that
you're actually good enough to be like a
part of the show for real it was really
good for me and it just I just hung out
in the back and I was like this is easy
and then I slowly because of kollene got
to participate more and talking to a
microphone and it's just gotten easier
and easier
so theatre helps with stage fright
um but don't be good enough in which
you'd actually have to sing or talking
from people all right back to Twitter I
was at the Carmel show last night I hope
you enjoyed it have you ever been to
Boston in the fall yes I have
Christopher here's where the Pirates who
don't know anything
any plans for more live shows none of my
own but I am going to morph Coleen's in
March Whole Foods or Trader Joe's Whole
Foods
listen Trader Joe's I know people are
all about it and they've got like their
thing with Trader Joe's then there's
their supply isn't limited they have
very very minimal things at Trader Joe's
man I would go to Whole Foods booth
Gelson's we go to browse with robot and
then we're like whatever let's I'm not
sure I chose we like being healthy let's
go so we went with our shopping list and
they had like 1/8 of what we actually
needed and it was in the like weird
amounts I did you just if they have
certain novelty things that are really
good they're like oh you have you you
have to have this cookie from Trader
Joe's ok get that cookie from Trader
Joe's but if you want to do any actual
grocery shopping you have to go to
another store and I don't like doing
that I want to get it all done in one
spot which like why I like Whole Foods
it's big well the one there be a snake
and it has all of the healthy stuff I
want plus all the girdle stuff that I
can get around
as well so triggered I may be other
Trader Joe's are different but the ones
I've been to also the items are so slow
I don't know why I'm on a Trader Joe's
hate ramp right now they're fine great
products but they're wider aisles this
small everyone else's aisles are like
you know normal and Trader Joe's like
nah we want to make it difficult to get
around and they always have the worst
parking lots I'm telling you I just I
haven't everyone always told me that it
was great and I tried it on multiple
occasions and multiple locations they do
have cheap wine no if you're interested
in wine just so you know hope it's
pouring in Indiana pouring what right
cool
you're lucky it's supposed to rain on
Friday here first time like a million
months now I won't just asked me what
shows I'm going to compound they aren't
confirmed yet so I don't want to get
your little hopes up if it's not
confirmed for realsies
why do you spell Jake with a a key pink
what why do you feel Jake with a cane
Jake it would see is that fisherman okay
because if you spell Jake with I see you
it's spell chase and it's Jake son chase
English I'm bad at it coming to New
Zealand I've been there it's fabulous
it's a long flight though what's blades
doing he's currently asleep on the couch
he was up for a very low my friend
Michael just texted me and said I need a
new TV show ready go
alright people what are your TV's
suggestions for my friend Michael what
should he watch we're gonna have him
watch anything he watches things like
The Bachelor he's a he's a man
of all shows so just give me your
suggestions for Michael I have a new big
con meeting green I don't know I should
read that email I'll make sure there's a
chance for hugs I don't know yet I might
have to join Colleen's but I think there
may be giving me my own I haven't night
on I haven't read the email I'm terrible
like it's a few months away I don't care
RuPaul's Drag Race fairness RuPaul's
Drag Race
Marty already watch this guys I'm
telling you he watches a lot of stuff
cool or Brooklyn nine-nine that's a good
one okay once upon a time on Netflix I
didn't really like that show that
watched it and it was just flowing I was
like kind of watch it on your own buddy
cuz it's not my jam I didn't really get
into that said RuPaul's Drag Race not
his cup of tea respectfully and he's
already watching Brooklyn nine-nine
guys come on Gilmore Girls
all right he has no idea my shame by the
way Oh Grey's Anatomy I have not watched
that I'm in Scotland again please
I like Scotland a lot if Cullen goes
back to Mike I mean she will eventually
go back she never stops okay apparently
we're suggesting all the shows that his
ex-girlfriend and college made him watch
so guys we're hitting the wrong note
with him apparently not to kid ah haters
back off let's see oh let's see if he's
watch it I got yes highly doubt it
should I get it
dragon tattoo or alien tattoo also
please follow me I will follow you but
I'm gonna go dragon because I love
dragons and thoughts of alien stress me
out but dragons they were totally real
and they're totally awesome well they
were real in my head they aren't real
now they'd be Creasy they were real
tough thoughts of a new snap update I
was annoyed with it I'm like okay it's
something you might have to get used to
okay cool and then I noticed sound like
my views like people were watched like
more than normal we're watching my story
I was like oh this is cool I guess cuz
I'm on the discover page and I was like
well this is cool if it absolutely
awesome that's fun like maybe it's
actually easier for people to see me
because I'm not in the list of like
friends and you watch your friends first
you should but then that was like the
first week and then now I no one watches
my staff see more and I think it's
because no one's on snapchat anymore so
clearly I don't like the I got used to
the update it is annoying because there
are some people that I would like to see
and I can't find them but I I just don't
think anyone's using the app anymore
which sucks so I'm not gonna use it or
like it as much if no one's on it
Michael sighs I'm a bad sister because I
didn't suggest haters back off first he
says I need something that's gonna
change my life tonight haters back off
he doesn't realize it would change his
life he'd never chose me to snapchat
story well that sucks I literally snap
every single day that's like it's all
because it adds like all these apps are
making out everything out of
chronological order and making you look
at other things because everything is an
ad now they want to be able to stick ads
and things but that is annoying because
you I snap and you follow me but you
can't seem it's just annoying Michael
asked in haters back off is life
changing yes
whose blend doing when is a madhouse
when doing my mom is doing well she is
I'm seeing her tomorrow
did it do we are trying to record our
first podcast tomorrow so that's
exciting
I yeah I'm excited for it I have to I
created a Twitter for it and I'm not
having you guys I'm gonna tweet out that
handle later when I need you guys cuz
I'm gonna do it
Internet question thing at the end of
the podcast I think for fun interactions
so I'm gonna have to go if you have
questions for me or mom or Internet
things I'll have you tweet that handle
later
um but yeah Michael says okay having the
internet helped me he wants you guys
I've told him you guys are helping me do
this show thing to do to two guys Oh an
hour screaming podcast what is a show
that I've watched that I loved my least
watch he's watched all the I think he
watches all the things I watch I don't
even know anything of anything on HGTV
who's all coming to Denver Colorado show
I don't know I don't know wait I might
be going to that one and then not going
to the Kansas City one or is the other
way around
I don't know I'm going to one of us I
think I'm going to Denver but then not
going to Kansas City so the thing with
me in the shows I'll explain this way so
you guys don't think I'm just being
weird with going to shows so when you
know Colleen has she always has core you
go on the shows that she always always
has a a tour manager that goes in the
show as well it was usually like
Christopher Robin or witches overseas
its Lee a little myopic on man so when
she's a she's overseas that she's
overseas that's too expensive for flight
coming to go pop in but when Christopher
Robin can't go to a show
cuz he's booked on something else it's
just like a one or two shows in a row
she needs a tour manager
stage manager human so she just needs a
second pair of hands basically so those
that's when I go to shows is when like
Christopher Robin can't make it and so
that's that's when I dishes so oh now I
don't need you guys to be mad at Chris
Robin for going it's his job I that's
okay but that's why I'm going to shows
randomly it's when she needs an extra
pair of hands and then obviously when
they're inside California and I can
drive to them I will go to them like
send a tour Santa Barbara shows or LA
shows but that's why I'm going to ram
shows I'm not just picking choosing
which city I want to go to so it's based
on if she needs me and I go work them
I'm not just going to hang out sees I
actually worked the shows I have fun
doing it though just HTTP have sports
yes
flipping houses is totally the sport
bluebloods will change is like what's
bluebloods do some sort of give up
snapchat as soon as the update came out
to be honest did you guys know I should
talk about this on my podcast because my
podcast is about things that are
Internet related but because Kylie
Jenner tweeted out that she no longer
uses snapchat the next day snapchats
entire stalk just pull emmited
everyone's like well kinda doesn't use
it or screw this because it was doing
fine and then the Leary's she tweeted
out not anymore and it just it was done
so that's all he said is they're both a
ball of fun okay I'm just having a
conversation with my friend while Ashley
read at this point
tell your friend don't freakin watch
this is UPS okay Ava says watch this is
us I heard it's an amazing show but also
seems traumatic so I don't want to watch
it because I don't like Frye didn't die
I don't know suppose the thing is when
I'm so late on shows alright I've heard
that super sad he doesn't see by the way
Michael's like my twin basically alright
Instagram what you guys say Criminal
Minds changed my life twelve seasons
around Netflix it's amazing
Rylan says Criminal Minds on Netflix
okay watch your favorite candy I don't
have a favorite candy I'm honesty I
don't
where's button I love Gwen quit his cool
she is Susan since Barbara at her house
I am so she's at her house but yeah
she's good I texted her today actually
she shook up because my cousin Andrews
but if you've watched any of our family
blogs at family events
my cousin andrew has been in them he's
the only other person in the family that
enjoys sports with me he and his friend
last night we're like hey that looks
each other
Elya him what's he shut them they're
like hey let's go get Panda Express say
p.m. we're hungry let's do it they got
in their car and then a drunk driver hit
them head-on and Elia was driving and
she saw the car coming so she swerved
and so Andrew didn't get hit but she did
so Andrew just got he's got some bruises
he's sore about that Elliot broke her
leg in three places and she had surgery
today I heard she's Oaks like she's
having this wreck she's wrecked up she's
torn up and then the
I is in jail and he has $100,000 thought
the bail thing so I assume he's staying
in jail and so yeah
both cars are totaled I have no respect
for anyone that drinks and drives I
don't care if it's a glass of wine there
are it's no excuses at this point
there's lift there's over taxis car
services friends family don't drink
anything and then get behind the wheel
because you're just you're the worst
person you're just oh it makes me angry
so luckily no one died and Ellie it's
gonna be okay but like just what the my
mom yeah
Tony man my last throw my mom and I were
texting about today and she uh she made
cookies for Elliott so Ellie I got my
mom's cookies this is Matt's beanie I've
just stolen what shows do so Michael
wants if anyone fits this qualification
let me know what shows do single mid-20s
girls in sac who know watch I think he's
trying to get a date single girls that
are in their mid-20s
I've lived in the Sacramento yeah what
shows do you watch cuz apparently he
wants to watch the same so he has
something in common with you I was
wondering if Andrews okay from Calise
tweet I'm happy he's okay yeah he's good
he's I was texting Rowling's like I'm
okay now I was like emotionally are you
okay he's like yeah I usually but it's
really today but I know he's uh he's
doing hockey tonight I think he's
playing he's riffing so that would
inspire off of it when I was in my car
wreck it took about 24 hours for me to
have a mental breakdown and just start
sobbing uncontrollably and not being
able to sleep you have about nightmares
for you have nightmares for about a week
and just can't sleep and it's just
replays over your head it's not fun um
but he's a tough dude so he will if even
if he's stressed now he will be fine but
yeah it was just scary there's he posted
a picture of it on his Instagram and the
cars are just uh
and I can't believe both him and the
drunk driver only got away with like a
few bruises and stuff because it's
insane tell him to watch catfish wait is
he looking for something up on Netflix
are tender aha Bruce I think that's he's
bored he wants to watch something but
I'm sure he also left to go on a lovely
date big brother oh you're right
big brother that's a big thing and
mid-20 single if he denies that we've
heard him so Lisa good suggestions if he
denies all of these didn't want him this
is us this is us this is us okay listen
meet me and Michael don't do sad shows
that's one of the reasons we got along
so well in college is because neither of
us care to watch romantic movies or sad
movies and so we're always just laughing
at comedies and actions if you watch
them action movie laughs because they're
really funny you've never noticed action
movies are hilarious they are comedies
because actually people usually can't
act that will also the storylines are
just atrocious
they are my favorite thing in the world
and really why do you like action movies
like cuz some comedies genius comedies
with lots of unnecessary explosions and
bad like sound effects actually Huizar
funny yes Lucy they're hilarious people
it's time to watch weeds it's not a sad
show I think he's already watched that
yeah cuz I he watched in college and I
didn't watch it with him I watched after
college
takes her off retreat she'll tell me
what's pickled Robert sadly that is not
his show me and Matt loved fixer-upper
shows he does not have you seen the
greatest showman no that's a movie and I
don't see movies unless they're on
airplanes or like three years later on
iTunes United States of Tara oh that was
a good movie right movie show I forgot
how I forgot about that that was such a
good show
oh man that was good suggestion
good suggestion that was a great show my
goodness you know is blow he always
blows my mind is that when I hear some I
know someone as a character and then
they have an American accent and then
I've seen them an interview and they do
not have an American accent they have
another accent always both on mic also
singers when they talk and I'm like you
sing with an American accent what is
happening most people sing with an
American accent and I didn't explain why
and I forgot that recently but that
always blows my mind when I hear like a
British person speak and I'm like wait
no you've seen differently no stresses
me out all right going in through yep I
feel left out
I don't watch much Netflix only watch
more Netflix come on what are you doing
with your life productive things tickets
why pick him up theater I didn't like it
Maria uh-huh
I tried to like it I acted like I liked
it because Colleen did it Christopher
did it and cleaned it and I wanted to be
like them and I so I did it i gave up
sports to do theater because i was like
my family like sit down yeah and I did
it I did it for a little bit I made
friends and then I didn't want to quit
because I enjoyed my friends and hanging
out with them so and I've given up
sports so I wasn't good enough to in
order to like make the sports teams in
high school and stuff so I just stuck
with it to be with my friends but I just
it's not my thing I know it's fine
I understand people love it and there's
a lot of talented people just not my cup
of tea
so I gave it up when I hit college
because I was like Oh College I don't
have any theater friends so why would I
keep doing it
so I stopped and went back to sports and
I love sports
what kind of blanket is your fav I love
heavy blankets I know this is a weird
question that was a weird question but I
understand it I heavy I don't want a
thin sheet I want a heavy blanket I like
feeling weight on me I think that's why
I love big dogs so much is cuz they lay
on you and you're like did that there's
a dog I mean there's a just wait
I love it's you know what I'm talking
about
you know exactly when I act like I'm
crazy I'm breakable kimmy schmitt
amazing and I know he's already watched
that tonight it's gonna be over by the
time he picks a show I know he's so
picky do you do the Revenge of
I've made hilarious movie really I did
not note that it sounds terrible and I
want to say that sounds like a terrible
movie but if you say it's good I believe
yet I'm going back over at with us where
as you bring it from it's cute it's its
burden we by Burton bees Matt likes him
he just has a pile with beanies we've
had to buy so many bees because this is
blazes favorite thing to eat is beanies
so and Matt always leaves them in a
place the dog could get them and though
it's a tutorial my painting I was like
where did you leave it on the floor next
to his food bowl where you can eat it
let's gone through a lot of beatings
guys yeah Burton they saw what ends up
on in like a three pack go to bed but I
want to go to bed 10:30 I still need to
figure out how my podcast stuff works I
have so much equipment and zero
knowledge of how it works I'll figure it
out are you watching Celebrity Big
Brother
I've watched a few episodes um I love
that Metta World Peace is on it he was
one of my favorite players back in the
day when he was on Lakers but I haven't
watched a lot of it that's what there
are a few shows that I love but I don't
keep up on regularly because I don't
have cable and I don't pay to watch them
and I haven't figured out it differently
to watch them which is RuPaul's Drag
Race and Big Brother and there was no
show but I watched that when I was clean
because she buys literally every TV show
like she subscribed to everything on the
planet and so when I'm on the road with
her I don't know how many episodes of
RuPaul and Keeping Up with the
Kardashians we watched so many but no so
those aren't shows that man likes his
cup of tea so we do we have our own we
have shows you watch the other than our
own shows and I don't I have so many as
my own shows that I don't have time to
watch them all when it's my time for TV
we're at night he plays a video game and
I watch TV
yeah we have an unspoken TV time slot
but I just I love so many shows that
don't watch and it's so annoying if
there were on Netflix are they done
excellent even though they're on Netflix
I'd watch them because that's easy
access do you know any British slang
probably I don't know Nagappa man are
you excited for Troye Sivan new song
with Ariana yeah I heard about this
yesterday and I think that's nifty I'm
just excited for any of them to come out
with new music it's about time RuPaul is
on vh1.com I think you see I don't want
to do that Alex thanks for the
suggestion but I don't have to go to
whoops I watch everything on my Apple TV
in my living room I don't do a lot of
computer watching
unless it's YouTube but that's things if
I have to go to a comm or have to
download another app it's ridiculous
sniffing my taste it's too much time my
time is valuable
Oh Joel
I just watched shades of blue what is
that I've seen a couple of comments what
is that is it sounds like 50 shades of
grey or a cop show
it is either is it the gay version of
Fifty Shades of Grey or is it a cop show
that gets kinky we will never know until
you tell me were you doing the podcast
unlike YouTube or where it's up this is
really good question no idea it will be
on YouTube I've been talking with
someone I'm not real knowledgeable in
the podcast world so I know it will be
free for suresies I'll make sure that
it's free and I will let you know how to
get to it I don't even know how to get
to yet cuz I haven't even put it
anywhere yet but don't worry I will let
you know
Jane the Virgin on Netflix and it's good
I tried to watch it I couldn't really
get into Jane the Virgin it wasn't I
will say the chick who plays that was on
drop the mic killed it she was so good I
was like who is this night not my BA
from Jane the Virgin oh yeah I kind of
want to watch the show now because she
was so epic on her rap battle with Robin
Kowski that's the name right I should
know sports he was bad my thumb hurts
please tell him to watch Game of Thrones
Sabrina I know for a fact that he is
obsessed with Game of Thrones so he has
watched that thank you for letting me go
he has also watched stranger things and
just you know the big normal once he
watched black mare and I think he liked
it how are they able are these people
really how are your crosses gray I'm so
confused
okay there is an argument on the
internet about what color my glasses are
the thing is that they're kind of
see-through so they take on whatever
color is in the background this is the
weather I wouldn't look at them like
this see how it's kind of gray but
they're on my face they turn a different
color because my the color of my face
leads through them so they're a marble
color so those you guys so many of you
don't even care they are a marble color
so they have like see how they have
different colors so it's like it depends
on what color is behind it but when I
bought them they were labeled marble
gray but I can understand how you can
see brown or black it's honestly it's a
yes it's a great depends what's behind
them because they're kind of see-through
Oh
Michael says you guys have good taste
because you like me Oh
friendship friendship
I'm a refreshing one four minutes
glasses or contacts grace love's grace
oh how do you love yourself grace that's
good to see
classic conduct I used to be a huge
contacts fan but then my eyes started
getting worse and B they just just for
sore and they have their ups and downs I
think if I don't go through this every
live stream it just depends on what part
of your life you're in if I'm playing a
sport or working out and want some
contacts then if I'm just doing normal
things throughout the day
I want my glasses on because my eyes
don't hurt they don't get red and it's
scratchy and itchy I don't have to worry
about the health of my eyes so it's a
nice like things don't get in my eyes as
much because the blacks the things so
there's that but what are you laying
like this if you can't glass ass ugh I
just suck also you don't have peripheral
vision as well with you're wearing
glasses just if you start to sweat they
just start sliding down your nose is
pros and cons it depends on what you're
doing in life that's all
do you like Little Mix I haven't
listened to a lot of their stuff I
probably have and didn't realize it was
them in all honesty I don't care who
much like when I listen to a song and I
like the song you don't really care who
sang it I care more about the fact that
I like or don't like the song does that
make sense so I probably listen to
something like this is good but not paid
attention to the fact that they were the
ones singing it that's all why is there
an arguing about the color of your
glasses what healy I don't even know I
saw it on Twitter so I mentioned hey
there gray and then it started on just
no one liked it do
Oh Vikings Sabeena you do have good
taste in shows I watched he actually
told me about Vikings as well actually I
heard it's visiting him and a friend of
his came over and talked about Vikings
and so I watched it because of that
interaction one day at a time haven't
heard that my mom has told me I'm
beautiful thanks mom I'm guessing you're
watching this
Rachel watch your first period story I
feel like I've said this before I was
freshman year and have my period I was a
freshman in high school and the mornings
I was getting ready for school look down
those blood and I was like I know what
this is put on a pad use pad first and
then went to school and did this school
and that was all that was nothing
exciting no my first period was not
embarrassing wasn't anything crazy it
was just like luckily it happened before
school and so I was prepared and yeah
there was that there's definitely been
stories after that because you can't go
your whole life's out if you're a woman
that has period
you can't go your whole life without
having an embarrassing period story it's
just a fact of life or a painful period
story just a thing but my first one not
a big deal at all
I didn't have cramps I started getting
them I had the very very very bad cramps
Buch nothing exciting
it was very light which was nice twitter
is very reliable it is hollow it is you
got your period
I know like CES Ballinger girls there
apparently or yeah think cool it was a
freshmen do and my mom just its lucky we
start lay in and early apparently that's
what my mom says my mom threw in through
menopause she's I'm just gonna share her
little information
my mom went through menopause a very
young age so we don't have to deal with
it as long as everybody else so we just
start going crazy with menopause in our
early 40s
oh my mom says sophomore she got hurt
her sophomore year of high school so I
don't know what it is I wasn't mad about
it though ya know some girls get it like
fifth grade that sucks it really sucks
menopause at forty my mother says
menopause at 40 a lot of women go
through it like 50 or 60 not us women we
start at when we're like 14 15 and we
end it one more 40 done deal you were
the only reason I'm awake at almost 2:00
a.m. go to bed I'm only gonna be on here
for 12 more minutes guys just a little
bit I really need a massage
hey mom if you're watching this is our
podcast stuff right here we're gonna do
that get ready and Abril says she loves
you mom they are black Olivia they're
not black they already depends what is
behind this they are see-through see
from here I'm looking if I'm looking at
the white of the screen they are great
they are white and gray but if I look at
it with a black behind it they're kind
of a brownish
they're a mystery oh okay
Chipotle tasty what magic
you do none
I know how magic works I can build a
magic trick I get to tell you exactly
how a magic happened
I can't do them because magic takes a
lot of practice and it takes its I mean
my brother does close-up magic a lot he
didn't do much stage magic his stage
magic is is it okay my thing with stage
magic is the magician does nothing and
the assertions assistant does everything
cuz big stage acts were like this system
disappears you get strapped to the hat
just do anything it's all the magician's
assistant the girl is sparkly dress
she's doing all of the magic in a
sparkly little dress anyway my brother
doesn't like close-up magic so that's
the magic I'm most comfortable knowing
about and that's why knowledge is closed
up and that is literally just hours upon
hours upon hours upon hours upon days
about the years of practicing and I
don't care that much to do that I really
like knowing how magic works and that's
fun but I couldn't do it cuz I didn't
practice it so that's all has blaze
might you know Jordan I'm they won't
meet for a while
moose has he's very mellow
he's a very mellow dog and he's got bone
issues mellow dog but anyway so and
blaze is a very hyper wants to play
mooses like you let's chill on the couch
let's watch a movie guys like it's chill
and so we're gonna let you screw up and
blaze calm down and then melt um yeah so
cuz mousse is kind of a he's he's a
little scaredy-cat love him he's I love
cut I love loose he's a little
scaredy-cat
and I am my dog can be a lot Mike yes he
can he's a lot
energy blazes me and mrs. Cory it's best
we get along but it takes takes things
can you help me figure out the to
snapchat we touch his texting me he's
probably so confused oh goodness
yeah mom told that'll show him tomorrow
people argue about weird things
yes hala they do heavy red cleans new
book parts sorry I just heard a little
girl scream so I was making sure I
didn't hear it again okay I think we're
okay it was just one high-pitched scream
I know there's a little girl that lives
in the house next door so maybe she's
just screaming about something okay
but here again I have to go investigate
do you still watch arrow no I stopped
watching arrow and they started
collabing with the flash this has been
an argument I this has been a thing I've
said probably before and I get a lot of
hate for it I don't really like the
flash and I love the arrow I don't like
when they get those things when you're
okay when you're watching a show and
it's all stuff that crappy guys it could
happen and then all of a sudden like
you're multiple seasons then and also
that it's like superheroes and powers
and stuff anyway now that's fake okay
now it's not really more like Batman
could happen the arrow could happen and
then all of a sudden they started
putting the flash and you're like that
can't happen
nope you're out so that's yeah we're
watching it what show was it oh and
blazes wait you will go say hi
Oh wake up from your nap and realize I
wasn't cut at you anymore
yeah oh I'm so big
no you can't eat the beanie don't eat it
okay good boy good boy all right cause
your nap
was it good oh you're so tired
yeah he's too tired yeah and he's huge
his birthday is on March 1st he'll be
one years old
come on dude what should I get you for
your birthday what do you want for your
birthday
new entry I'll get you a nice bomb maybe
a new toy a cuddle should I go to one
this dog bakeries and get you something
yeah okay I'll do that
I'm so Jenna Marbles do that on our
dog's birthday she takes them to this
dog bakery and I'm like yep that's a
level of dog love that I'd do so we'll
go to a doggy dad yeah I have to go to a
hockey game that day but we'll just dump
you beforehand okay okay
you have no idea you have no idea that's
okay it's for me more than it's for you
yeah I want the Instagram no but I also
want you to feel loved
yeah would you feel all right let's we
still gotta talk we still fighting you
know people gonna hang out with people
all right who's who's in your muted list
other than me well you aren't on my
muted list but there's a lot of people
anyone that's corrected my grammar it's
just been rude there's a long long list
immunity people I love you yeah look
please it's the same birthday as Justin
Bieber oh my god you have the same
birthday as Justin are you trying to eat
in my nose did you want
they are nice and salty that wasn't an
invitation he's thinking let him think I
am sorry Ava oh I know I love you so
much I know you're so handsome place if
you're not at 10 p.m. it's my biggest
move he takes a nap from about 9:00 to
10:00 or 11:00 and then he wakes up for
about an hour and then goes back to
sleep at midnight with me and then he's
asleep until it's time to eat yes you're
pushing around on my stomach that's
making that Chipotle want to come back
up my okay fine I'll read comments about
you cheese ladies get to see your mom
tomorrow yes so big I saw my instagram
pic post on insta story I had said I
said I was talking to Matt about that
I'm going to see my mom tomorrow like a
blaze and I was like do you want to go
see the G he knows what I'm about to say
the G word tomorrow and he got all
excited he jumped up and he ran over the
door and he was like waiting for my mom
to come in because he thought he just
knows the word he just knows that word
and he gets really confusing I said
grandpa because what are you steering it
is literally a blank wall you were
staring at a blank wall you look at the
bug guts we smash bugs in the wall and
then don't clean him up yes what he sees
the bug guts do you need to lick that
yeah he's licking the bug guts but
anyway he wouldn't get away from the
door because he thought my mom was
coming and he thought I was saying like
hey she's coming over right now nope but
I take him to Santa Barbara because he
plays her backyard Cinderella real well
they're best friends best friend also
I'm gonna so we talked my dad into
giving him a bath it's bought into it I
don't I don't wanna do it
come see that bake he used to be so tiny
right he's giant he's a giant big boy
relevant any any other way he's huge
I don't know I've logged
hosted it but I picked up yon that was
such a good yarn
good job I picked him up from his
daycare and they have a huge yard in the
front yard there's a gate huge are at
the house and they buzz them into the
gate and I opened it up and in the
doorway
I saw a massive pit and I was like oh my
god that's a huge pit and a huge pit
here Wow and then I realized it was
blaze and I was like oh I own a huge pit
that's a huge pit cuz I see I'm gonna
just
I seen a little baby cuz now I
understand when like parents I just I
see him as a puppy still I don't realize
how big and giant he is until I don't
realize that at him and then I'm like oh
snap
my dog Zion so yeah oh my goodness my
dog is sleep parking I'm screeching my
baby see right okay dogs had very vivid
dreams and it stresses me out who like
twitch and whine and bark and do things
in his sleep and I'm like I don't know
if I should wake you up cause you're my
nightmare or let you sleep because
you're having the time of your life I
can't tell which is which
when he whines I wake him up but if he's
just wiggling around and barking who is
a little em'ly sleep through it because
clearly a good dream help blaze nester
beanie off he has stolen so many
meetings right off of Matt's head it's
actually hilarious when you said pick a
fight during the hole in ground no I'm
sorry pit bull I just short meant
because I'm pretty cool and hip and I
don't have the time to say all the word
pit bull so I have to shorten us a pic
cuz time is money and some so there's a
song lyric that I'm supposed to say it's
Iggy it's a iggy lyric what is it
time my money's 10 my time I don't
remember what like now that
all right boys you ready go cuddle
together on the couch
you're clearly ready to cuddle but I'm
slightly uncomfortable in this position
all right guys thanks for joining me on
the sign off I love you guys so much
thanks for hanging out sorry I was late
though
all right I will see you the next I'm
sorry I've got so many blogs that I need
to edit and post I'll get to that sorry
I love you guys so I play say bye please
you don't fall for that anymore
hi guys
