don't pout because I told you not to eat
my couch just a very normal thing to not
eat couches okay we have to learn better
okay I am on my way to caline's house to
be a part of her little fun dork not
little it's a thing it's a part of her
fundraiser thing that she does
everything here for a birthday for
childhood cancer or research or
awareness or helping to fight it do it
not to do I totally be there for a
little bit cuz I'm supposed to do today
I have to they told my dad I drove into
LAX
go to Santa Barbara to pick up my dad
did it tonight it's a whole thing anyway
life after Queens
thanks Rachel's blogging Mary now I'm
sorry I've logged you on yours too I'm
happier but okay and also if you're
watching so this is Corey this is John
and she was so amazing and she's
actually the sister of Jill Soloway who
created transparent the Amazon show
we are on our way to Santa Barbara at 6
p.m. we'll be back by 10 a.m. p.m. not
it's 6 p.m. and we'll be back by 10 p.m.
literally going for like a half hour
who is the honking no there's no reason
for the honking please get out of that
you cannot belong in there oh please
that is not your place of living hey did
you just bite her Jackson you licked her
okay Oh Jackson he'll eat your Apple
that's your lap
McKenzie be careful don't pinch his
cheeks too much why are you rubbing an
apple on her head and then eating it
before I close out this vlog I just
wanted to say I'm so proud of Killeen
and all of you guys her fundraiser
raised over fifty five thousand dollars
to help fight childhood cancer that's
amazing I love all of you I'm proud of
all of you and Kelleen for putting this
on Corey's always a huge help it was
just amazing
I did get my dad to LA on time and
that's about it all right
that's the dot love you guys bike
