it's Friday Friday gotta get down on
Friday it's Friday and I have nothing
planned for the day which is normal so
I'm gonna edit some stuff and do some
work and have fun I kind of really want
to go to a pumpkin patch today so much I
make that happen I wear my sunglasses
inside so I can so I can step outside my
front door not get blinded I'm about to
go to the pumpkin patch because I need
pumpkins so I can film a video oh I'm in
the darkness throw a new shade all day
long darkness I saw yeah I'm gonna go
get some pumpkins and I'm making maca
with me and no one's happy about this
because it's a hundred and two degrees
outside right now and I supposed to get
to 104 I love fall don't you okay so I'm
sitting here editing this video and what
I've edited yet did you guys just hear a
man in the background go oh that wasn't
Matt I have no clue who that was but
they said it perfectly do what I said
it's 104 degrees outside I'll play it
again
as well see you to 104 no clue that was
no clue oh the vlog it is so hot to be
doing this right now but I need to pick
out pumpkin what I walked in the girl
was like you can buy tickets through the
maze you can buy tickets to ride the
rides from buy tickets to pet the
animals and in Santa Barbara all iced up
is free
I leave my the approaches suck also it's
a hundred degrees so
super more it's a really cute guys
really really cute
now this is what I'm talking about this
Christmas tree here and that's what you
do in life
I found the pumpkin I'm getting it's
this one pretty good pumpkin Matt's
still picking his out we're gonna have a
pumpkin off alright just left the
pumpkin patch and there were three
workers there and they're all up my butt
the whole time
so I got picked up a pumpkin I can't
take this for you which to me means that
people probably steal from them a lot
which sucks so I was like you have a
butt my pay anyway so I need to go buy
pumpkin carving thanks matt says we can
do it with a knife but listen I'm a
professional
I need my professional tools sup so
after the pumpkin patch I was another
Michaels crafts and then I didn't crazy
I know so actually that day which is
Saturday
I'm not going to miss bugs I'm actually
gonna end this vlog and then I'll post
tomorrow to hopefully I try and post a
little bit more on my vlog channel just
cuz I had the channel and there's no
rules to it so I not do what I want to
do but yeah so yesterday all I did the
rest today was became obsessed with
fixer-upper house fixer-upper the show
where they just take crappy houses and
make them better
who wouldn't love that so that's
actually I yeah it's sad I know it's a
terrible show but I'm out of shows to
watch so I kind of watched a bunch of so
society yesterday productive I know do
you like this guy made myself it wasn't
even as it and then I just made a visit
I mean is it here did that gibberish
make sense just if you need to know how
to make is it just pinch one part of
your skin a bunch because you think you
see something but then nothing's there
and then it creates something like this
so how to make is it hey that's the end
of this thank you guys for watching I
love you see you later goodbye
