good morning everybody
what do you want to go today do you want
to go to a pumpkin patch do you want to
edit videos do you own a film or
Rachael's room you don't get to decide
hey - I think I'm going a little crazy
but just a little bit so right now I am
at lunch and we decided to get Mexican
food and I'm not kidding when I tell you
I eat in half what's on my plate right
now they give you so much food that it's
impossible to connect it on I thought I
was like I'm gonna eat all of this and I
go it's my diet
I'm gonna Hawaii next month like I gotta
keep it for them swimsuit or that I got
to my table I'm like I'm not eating any
of this I mean it was delicious
but I ate a lot of it and it's
impossible to eat it all first of all
problems I know don't worry we got it to
go back and I'm taking out all right so
it's later in the day and I'm very bored
and it's there we go
there it is Barry boards I've decided to
clean out under my bed yes riveting
exciting interesting everything a vlog
should be is what this is so just join
me on the wonders that could be under
here I've had a bunch of old fan art
that I used to have up in the room and
then when I moved I never put anything
up because I was lazy that's all that
was so here's some of it I found get it
do they do I always love this one so
simple oh it's stuck
I thought I lost all my onesies I found
them
just massive storage thing of onesies oh
and my graduation gown important things
all important things Tory found more
onesies just in a random suitcase oh and
don't worry more onesies
so basically everything under my bed is
just onesies good thing it's a hundred
degrees outside right now I found my
juggling balls watch your dorky I can be
yeah I'm pretty lame guys I'm pretty
lame alright friend the jackpot the toy
chance
this is what ever 24 year old needs to
have right a toy trust okay I don't know
why people don't think that youtubers
are professionals I mean come on
so for my birthday a few years back my
friends got me a shake weight and I
don't understand what the joke was I
would just do this all day long and
never understood what was so funny about
it
why was this invented all right I did it
I cleaned out under my bed it is done
see it's off the floor and it is under
there
now time for the closet my phone so I
took a break from cleaning to go to the
gym and I'm way too pooped to clean
anymore but I didn't want to talk about
one thing I got new glasses frames
because I had a new prescription
I was area because I was just gonna put
new lenses in my old frames but I used
to have like six pairs of frames I
couldn't find any of them until I
cleaned out under my bed and then I
found like four pairs so they were just
you know under my bed bought new frames
for nothing but they're cute whatever um
yeah I think my go to bed my arms tired
and I'm sleepy that's but it no case
it's Thursday morning and I just filmed
Rachel's room if you ever see me wearing
a full face of makeup that means I just
filmed an actual video cuz I never do
that on a regular day nope only for my
main channel sorry I was unscrewing my
tripod thing anyway I gotta go film this
nope nope I gotta go edit this now not
the dog the richest room cuz I have to
post it because it's Thursday and I'm
very far behind alright guys so I spend
the rest of the day editing and working
and watching football and eating chicken
parmesan and going to the bank which I
didn't felt because did you really want
to see any of that what you really want
to see there's me cleaning out under my
bed right all right I'm gonna peace out
love you guys thanks for watching
subscribe or put you I'm gonna punch you
pie hello
and yet they are faded sign
