I'm in a Sephora getting makeup for 9000
show I'm in so far but Colin's getting
the makeup it is Monday morning and I am
shopping with my mommy if she is truly
not ELISA and Erin Josh's new family
they're my family
but yeah so we're just shopping around
and it's fun we just ate lunch and I
just realized I had a zit good thing
gonna make a place I'm gonna put
something on it all right
I am done shopping and I just found a
Lay's potato chip challenge with my mom
here's some footage of that so I don't
want this light off that's too dark now
call me dark and love that I'm filming
all of this yeah that should be up on my
channel already so if you haven't seen
it go check it out and now I am headed
I'm in singing traffic currently and I'm
headed back to my apartment and there
was a cop so I put down my camera he
doesn't seem to be turning around I
think I'm good I'm really boring traffic
so I'm talking to you again do you like
do you like when your glasses these are
new they're right on the inside and
black on the outside red but I'm so
black so anyway I'm gonna film in this
angle so if a cop drives by and also you
guys really think I'm attractive at this
angle huh I am going to pick up Matt and
we are gonna go to a bar and watch
pirate Monday Night Football and then
we're going over to Hollywood improv and
watching glozell and a couple other
people Trish is gonna be there do some
comedy stuff so oh that's what we're
doing tonight
meaning me but you could come too okay
bye look I put more makeup on there now
at the bar watching football
and drinking beer so they're very into
this game it's a really good game right
now I feel bad but I also don't hey guys
it's the next day I wasn't actually
allowed to film anything at the glozell
improv thing but she was amazing her set
was so professional so hilarious so put
together I don't know I was very
impressed she was really great it's the
next day and I'm getting my car washed
right now and by getting her car wash I
mean I'm making Matt wash my car while I
sit inside and look for Rachel's room
questions on my phone I have put
together I know and why are you sure
that says watch me
hashtag watch me so you should do that
so let's you know get my car wash guys
let's make my boyfriend do everything
for me okay
so couldn't notice I'm at Target just
doing my normal shopping and I decided
to play with a video game well it's not
very good at it it's kind of get out of
it which is kind of boring so I stopped
anyway I'm just walking around to get
some stuff and so I'm doing me what are
you guys doing tell me right before I
press record I took a really cute
picture by accident here this just that
you guys might want to see it I dunno
through the days video thank you guys
for watching I love you subscribe if you
want to see the videos yep that's about
it my foots currently asleep and I'm
kind of liking the feeling weird yes
wrong yes that's all so you guys may
let's go dilemma so don't spit on myself
unfit llama but let myself I'm feeling
myself but your mother Lamar below
myself I'm spitting on my sir
