well those attractive person you've ever
seen in your entire life it's Saturday
morning and I'm about to drive to Santa
Barbara Josh's parents are in town and
we're all doing a barbecue not a
barbecue we're all doing a thing at my
parents house in celebration already go
pump the passion stuff but so harbors
two hours away so I have to wake up
early in order to get there right now
and I don't I'm just my arm I'm saying
I'm really freaking makeshift II which
is a word I've just created for myself
which means I can make sure if anything
I picked this gap while driving a grouse
I know
and it started bleeding profusely and I
don't have a band-aid so boom napkin
with a rubber band hair tie around it I
win all the awards I am make shifty of
the year I'm driving to Santa Barbara
right now
all right so we made it to the pumpkin
patch so the whole crew is here and well
now the whole crew is here I haven't
filmed since it was just me so now the
whole crew is here
why it looks a little busted balance I
feel like your size you just want all of
them I don't think you have a reasoning
for any of it yeah come on let's go back
to mommy and daddy I don't want to watch
him Jackson found all the mini pumpkins
are you in a pumpkin field yeah don't
hold them by the stem hold them by the
bottom so my mom is extremely
claustrophobic and I'm gonna take her
into the corn maze that I do not know
the way out when I was a kid I used to
remember all like I would come in and
I'd memorize the route I have no clue
this time all right you ready mom you'd
let you lead the way this path looks
more worn let's do it it doesn't mean
it's the right one haven't you ever
heard of taking in the path less
traveled my dad cheated and told us the
way out
I don't like cheating I wanted to do it
on my own you cheated so it's dark out
and my dad needs to barbecue so he and I
made it light together MacGyver
it's a shovel in the ground and then we
put a lamp on top so he could see his
barbecue I think it's pretty good dad
it's awesome I mean teamwork all right
we're back from the pumpkin patch and
we're gonna do dinner and we're gonna
eat and be a family which means it's
time for a montage by me
my son all right guys that's it for this
vlog thanks for watching them you guys
baby
