hey guys so I don't know days as far as
today it's food this this Wednesday I
just was at Colleen because I needed a
bigger place because I was filming
something where things had to be thrown
in the air so I needed the bigger space
in my apartment and Matt Rebecca and
Josh helped me they threw things at me
and I caught them hey I just film that
which just goes up in like two weeks
here's some footage of it there's some
bloopers you see before the actual thing
goes out oh my gosh
rolling and that man fully just ran a
red light sorry got distracted
anyway I'm look bright red I need to go
take a shower and sleep and drink water
goodbye
so all my SD cards just exploded on me
so I'm filming on my phone and I had to
run a top to Costco
I can speak pain everyone watching
that's I ran to Costco to get some SD
cards cuz that's fun when all of your
things just died I had like three and
none of them are working and one of them
was literally bent I like a 30-degree
angle which was cute so Costco trip here
would come last time look oh I'm so fine
it's officially October which means it's
officially basically Christmas and then
there's this would buy that who wants
that that is the ugliest thing I've ever
seen in my life that is just foul Matt's
being a poopyhead
he's a mean face music Butthead I want
to get this advent calendar beer thing
everyday month of December you get to
open it up and drink your new beer how
would anyone not want this beer
Christmas calendars organization beer
and Christmas and he says we can't get
it because it's October what was that
dude anything also he doesn't know any
of the beers in it yeah element of
surprise come on man nailed it got it
done
I got an SD card finally did it good job
me man I'm at Target with Colleen and
we're looking at duvet covers things
kollene wants it for her guest room
she's really excited end
Oh am I look cool ins buying me a craft
I could to put shelves up at her house
so excited she's you're like the nicest
sister to ever exist
so Colleen came here to Target to find
some sheets for the guestroom bed now we
read design and we've just redesigned
everything
it started with bright yellow and blue
and now has turned into a very rustic
flat color gold thing I don't know we're
just you know two girls on the town
shopping living it up wait a second what
we need to get new bed sheets because
the ones we're gonna use are gray and
gray does not match this colors the
struggles of us the pose of you look how
deep in your system is going the place
somehow hurt
weirdo all right so I got back from
Target I went to the gym and now I'm
probably gonna edit this and go to bed
thanks guys for watching that's it I
love you subscribe if you wanna I'm
having fun I'm seeing my whole family
this weekend so stay tuned to see that
vlog love you guys be
