hey so last night I flew into Toronto
and now I'm backstage and we have a show
today in Toronto at 4:00 p.m. it's two
three inch I don't know look at these
really cool shirts that clean selling at
her show us now I saw them and
immediately stole one so suck it but
yeah they're actually really legit and
the AV family is here and Christopher
and his kids are here and this show is
going to be kind of a mess because it's
two shows combined into one because
cleaned at the camp show and then
realized oh I can't do the camp show in
Toronto so we just kind of made up like
camp slash self-help it'll be
interesting so Jake decided to do hair
twisties on Jessica and I'm totally
joining it and it looks legit boom wait
I'm not done with my side oh here's a
bigger than mine that's why show was
been started it was a terrible intro
because if you will hear her up - turn
the sound on scope that's great but
that's going good now
the show ended it was good : degrade it
was kind of a mess and a half some
points but we got through it so anyway
that happened claim they are gonna go
over to Lily's because it's Lily's
birthday ake a superwoman and we're
gonna go over to her party I'm not
bringing Bloggie
because I know it I think she wants to
chill night I'm not I don't want if
anything happens to plot my fault
so today did I talk to you guys after
Lilly's party I went to Lily's parties
it was fun kollene was there that's it
so anyway today we're at Niagara Falls
so just watch blogger everyone knows I'm
the worst logger in the world
yesterday I do this and the I purchase
in LA ca√±ada today I'm here so montage
yes some are you guys so watch it we are
at Niagara fine this is gonna be the
diner five no I was I just I was talking
and I decided he didn't finish Niagara
Falls you couldn't get in that respect
no I was gonna be fine Agra fine I'm
going to make this the most interesting
vlog I've ever done in my life despite
you calling Ballinger I love you gotcha
Oh copier interesting pause only copying
you this career clean is always copying
me
but like why are there dinosaur things
at Niagara Falls I don't understand
we're at Niagara Falls I don't even
think I fully got that sentence out
earlier I am a knight who falls just for
a couple hours but I did to nowhere in
sight and there's just a bunch of
dinosaurs in a ferris wheel yeah
interesting
Pauline just got so excited because
we're in an arcade and she's about to
get out some money
Sunday a minute Clark hey but I found
football and it's my team playing oh I
wish I could watch all of this I'm
having fun
I made it here's some water
that's gross that Oh oui it's all power
and it has a view of things here it is
they don't even need a concealer we're
gonna focus I was trying to get mice to
get rid of focus rings like I'm not
gonna plug in more all right so after
lunch or somehow ended up back at an
arcade so you've seen that montage
already so I'm just going to chill here
and have fun and then I'll catch up with
you guys later
all right let's time to head back to
Toronto with my tickets I got some
awesome blue hat and then Jessica and
everyone's excited I can't even see them
they're so far back there
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle
I'm with them but yeah Jessica I had
leftover tickets a good note do with
them so everybody got helmets and we
look awesome now we're gonna head home
probably get dinner and that's Toronto
okay so it was waiting for them and then
I looked back and they're all sitting on
the ground I don't quite know what's
happening but they're all just kind of
like sitting on the ground and oh what
is this man what is happening we are
suddenly not the weirdest people here
hey guys it's the next morning we had a
lot of fun and a gang of foes we had a
lot of fun at the arcades it was a great
day yesterday I went to a Harry Potter
themed slightly it's not all out like I
think it'd be bar a couple drinks and I
came back here made a fort and went to
sleep
so yeah normal day we are leaving
Toronto in an hour I believe and then
I'm gonna be back in LA it was a short
trip but it was a good trip someone owes
this out I love you guys thanks for
watching Bay
