all right so it's Monday let me explain
to you what's happening it is officially
my dad's birthday uncle Ian bought
decorations and Matt and I decorated the
living room so classy like planes been
willing to buy my dad a new car forever
that man he spent all his money on us
like us kids my mom he bought me my car
he bought all of us our first cars that
Christopher's tankers fare idiot drives
the crappiest minivan that ever did
exist it was his dad's and so he loves
it but like the car constantly dings cuz
the gas gauge is broken so it thinks
it's always empty so it's always dinging
it's like the most basic model of
anything I help my grandma pick out that
van when I was like 10 it's an old van
and my dad drives a blue it's a boom
boom boom boom and so calinas but for
like a year been wanting to buy him a
new car and she finally saved up we went
to car dealerships this morning and
everything was so overpriced and they
just like wasn't anything we liked and I
have a dentist appointment it's
currently 335 Ivan this is appointment
at 410 my dad gets home at 5:30 and they
just found a car half hour away that
they really want to get him and so Matt
Colleen teenie and Andrew all just drove
down to Ventura to buy my dad a car and
I am stressing out we're all stressing
out because this kata deserves the best
car in the world but he's so practical
and that his dream car is a minivan with
seats that come out or fold into itself
so they're going to get a 2015 Honda
Odyssey as the car cuz I kids everything
he wants as a backup cameras leather
seats the seats pulled into the car
itself and in the middle seats come out
and he has no pool this is happening we
played mash with him yesterday
to trick him into telling us his dream
cars his three dream cars were a van
with the seats that fold into itself or
come out SUV that seats pulled into
itself or come out or an old Mustang
convertible and he's like but I don't
really like that one cuz mom would never
go anywhere with me so they're doing
that I'm stressing out I feel that my
disappointment I feel so left out I'm
having FOMO for this car purchasing and
I'm stressing out I'm sweating it's hot
in Santa Barbara but my dad gets home in
two hours and hopefully they're home
with the car by then Oh
stressing out so do you wanna know why I
hate Halloween that
now I'm headed on time lose him put the
LA throw in the street like ballet
pulled up okay it to the ballet white
walls on the wheels like meh days is too
good - the better
I had a dentist's appointment today how
did I get terrible they only cleaned
half of my teeth and they wanted the
power yeah the rest of it yeah they were
like oh we can only there was so much
build-up cause you haven't been here in
three years which is why I had three
cavities filled with them in the past
month you know I guess so Miss doesn't
I'm sorry
what is this how dare you dad talk while
I'm filming on your birthday I got a
birthday present what'd you get Cody's
cafe Oh sassy even though they gave me
happy birthday what they don't know come
on this birthday cake tastes like
boogers well it's a carrot cake
ha ha ha the snowman's they use this no
sounds actually pretty clever I was like
that's - how long did it take you to
find that card it took me a while it was
a good one though I said good one that
was like funny but like he's kind of
funny yeah he didn't get it you didn't
get it except but I like carrying Oh dad
anyway they cleaned half my teeth and I
have to go back for another appointment
and interest and help cover it so yeah
finally um sorry guys are you hungry
yes waiting um can I give you write your
present before you go to go yes I'm
gonna drive us to free birds in your new
car good you know what everyone in this
room - this look at here it is lighting
it up this is it this is it this is it
that says that car alright that's it for
this vlog my dad's reaction may have
seemed subtle to you guys but if you
know him you know he was actually very
very excited and just altogether
speechless he really really liked it
Colin's awesome for getting it for him
it was a fun day of scheming I had a
life for everyone be like um teeny and
clean are doing a teeny work thing so
annoying and then said that Matt and
Andrew went to hang out together I just
making up lies the whole time that's it
I had a lot of fun with with my family
that weekend is it I'm posting this to
Friday I'm going to trial so I'll have
awesome vlogs with that Koons got a show
we're gonna see Lily we're gonna go to
the Niagara Falls with Christopher and
his family and our Canadian friends so
that'll be fun alright okay it's me Neil
I'm an adult I'm losin put the LA just
over in the street like ballet pulled up
okay to the ballet white wall on the
wheels like Mary jump
