so we I me whoever I'm at my parents
house hi vlog I'm at my parents house
and we're celebrating my dad's birthday
even though it's birthdays - dad what is
this Chinese all the flood I need a
demonstration immediately you set a trap
the safety time you guys are being angry
that we killed you're angry that we
killed a fly are you telling me that
when a fly is on your nose you don't try
and swat it away you try and kill flies
dad is just going to town oh it's my
dad's birthday tomorrow it's Sunday
right now tomorrow's his birthday on
Monday but we're all here celebrating
having fun Tina's here Plains here just
come here though all the children and
everyone is here so your elbow is in the
wrong place right now nice hot on the
eyes I think you're just not wearing
clothes open your mouth I wish I was not
wearing clothes it's so hot I'm very sad
that I have to wear clothes right now in
this heat
I like your shoes whose are they they're
yours they're not Bailey's they're
Bailey's hi other kid look at that
sharing is caring
yeah
lock the candles and you do a pose show
up your outfit and we walk back you
better walk sassy so watch myself turn
the world on its head
don't forget don't forget with my mom
astray people
so while editing this I realize that I'm
a terrible vlogger and the fact I don't
explain anything had to start filming it
so what Tsubasa see is us pranking Josh
that starts from getting Josh is
obsessed with green pink lady grapes and
he's obsessed with saying they're the
best or whatever and my mom went out and
bought a bag of green grapes and she
thought they were pink lady but then
when she got home she realized it was a
different brand before Josh got there me
Colleen Andrew my Matt Matt and mom were
all in the living room we're like wait
let's just prank him let's see we're not
really pretty we were like let's see if
he'll notice if we feed him the green
grapes tailed him there pink lady grapes
and see if he notices that they're
different brand because we think we know
that he only buys grapes during grape
season and they all taste delicious and
when you buy grapes when it's not grape
season or not gonna taste as good and
he's only had pink lady during grape
season so he thinks that they're the
best so this is us seeing if you can
tell the difference so we've been
playing this really fun oh it's so
blurry though so blurry
Joshua we've been playing this really
fun game guess what these are I think
that you're holding your self a pretty
lady
you have to match me I am a pretty lady
there you do 303 I'm gonna talk to
gripping your round little and big grape
snap big tea guys I'm so sorry oh yeah
you eat that one man all right I bet I
can get in with one all right all right
really groups are good parties like the
best grape flavor rad there I heard you
get those
bro you're gonna waste all the grapes no
we're eating them all
Jackson you can't waste pretty good
grief right get that hey player over a
shoulder into our mouth into all right
I'm leaving you can go for it hey Josh
we're not yours long those are pretty
now the other Graysons are loving you
keep saying that there's a big
difference for the past year and there's
not a difference analysis and we've been
planning this all day that's how board
our lives are all right now I'm closing
out thank you guys so much for watching
I just had a nice little dinner thing at
my parents and tomorrow a vlog will be
out of what my dad's actual birthday and
what Colleen got him which is ridiculous
and yeah so thanks for watching this
vlog it was a nice little dance party
fun-ness all right I love you guys
thanks for watching buddy
