okay so it's Thursday morning now I just
took a shower and it's noon and I forgot
that to do a Rachel's room just you know
didn't do one so I have to do one now so
I'm running around trying to get ready
for it I'm not wearing pants today
diddly doo dee dee dee dee what up
Friday morning obviously hot as balls
right now
I'm picking up sandwiches at a sandwich
shop and there's never any parking near
the play so I always have to walk like
half a mile and then people that doesn't
even have a mile to luck
so I'm hot and I'm wearing workout pants
because I'm going to go workout later
and I thought I was going to work out
earlier but then Matt decided they'd
eaten one workout until later so I'm
just walking around a no makeup and then
a workout outfit hitting sandwiches
normal things boom sandwiches did it got
it done was that covering the mic I
don't think so anyway yeah got
sandwiches heading home hopefully I get
to work out soon I might hang out with
friends later I don't quite know oh
this sandwich is heavy I've got a wimp
lately I become like a little non-muscle
wimp
I need this cut it I need it get out of
it I can take the heat I can take the
sandwich weight on my shoulder and my
arm bicep
I don't know I'm saying but oh this your
charm my hair is wet because I went to
the gym do a little stretching
a little elliptical work that's all
really sassy amazing boy dances little
butt off on the TV on the elliptical iqz
elliptical now because my knees hurt so
bad when I do the treadmill and stuff so
I have to use the elliptical which is
annoying as I hate it I was supposed to
hang out with some friends tonight but
they had to work late and just did not
up I'm wise and so I really wanted to do
something exciting night so I'm gonna
try and figure it out but it might just
be me sitting on the couch watching TV
and playing candy crush are you safe
today dude hey huge burp so that's good
thank you
I do a soup so yeah I was gonna say mad
at erupted me mom didn't oh I just
wasn't got the habit but growing up I
always call it hamburger habit because
it's called hamburger habit but when
they started expanding the franchise it
became to happen anyway that's nothing
there's no reason for me to tell you
that I'm at Target because I want to get
stuffs decorate for fall that's how
uncle its corner that she decorated her
little corner fall and I'm look cute and
then I'm jealous I also saw that there
might be peppermint ice cream here so
I'm looking for that okay ready go
I'm walk you through the electronics
apartment and I just like touching the
iPhones and the iPads and stuff and I
want this I turned it on I have no clue
that is what I thought it was a body a
screensaver ever I love when people do
that it's hilarious the rate okay that's
okay
do you like my hat
all right so I found the fall section
and not Halloween section but everything
is so bland fall is just not a very
pretty season to me I think it is very
ugly the colors are ugly he's not that
great I should probably still decorate
that rhymed so I found the first ever
ghost that I find cute I usually hate
ghosts I've said it multiple times but
look at this little ghost this is like
you ghost I'm gonna get this ghost
I like this ghost and then I'm getting a
little chicken my decorate and a
football you know normal my decorations
are on fleek okay I think I did good
life nope I'm gonna put it up I just got
anything I thought maybe kind of was
cute but I mean I can still it it's
Halloween Thanksgiving stuff it's not
going to be schools Christmas stuff I
think that's why I don't decorate for
any other hard way besides Christmas
because I don't think anything will ever
look as good all right so time to turn
my boring drab apartment into a fabulous
fall one with the three things I got woo
Oh leaves are changing colors changing
colors changing colors autumn leaves are
changing colors all over town a lot of
these are changing colors changing
colors changing cars out of these
changing colors over town all right
that's my pathetic excuse of decorations
I'm probably going to move them all and
put them in Rachael's room area when
it's time to film Rachael's room but I
wanted to decorate my living room so
that's why I did that
um yeah anyway that's it for this vlog
I'm gonna close it out I hope you guys
enjoyed it sorry it's on Saturday not
Friday but most of my filming was on
today which is Friday so I figured I'd
give you a full blog instead of 30
seconds of nothing okay I love you guys
thanks for tuning in and remember to
subscribe please I love you guys and go
bye
