having logged all day that's okay cuz I
can I combine today and tomorrow for my
Sunday blogs because it is currently
Friday and I am getting dressed up I'm
wearing a dress it's dressed up calm
down I'm not doing anything extra than
just putting a dress on but I'm winning
the Magic Castle tonight with
Christopher and Colleen I think Cory
cleaned choreo back from Australia and
then we had Thanksgiving and we're all
talking about the hot tub and we're like
let's go to Magic Castle that's what
we're doing I should put some jewelry on
hey bubby should I put some jewelry on
no no you actually been no idea what my
jewelry is cuz we have an unpacked lived
here how many months five have unpacked
I'm with Christopher we're about to win
the Magic Castle so I'm not allowed to
film anymore that's the end also we've
decided that every time he wears a suit
and I were a dressed for hanging out
together we go in sibling yeah I don't
know but other siblings are going to
this one and other people like getting
dressed fancy and going to like fancy
events or things yeah I'm okay with that
yes you're fun to hang out with yeah I'm
alright alright okay we're gonna go see
Magic bye go boys Saturday it's the
morning and a place come say hi Blaise
nice say hi thank you
oh I'm taking him to daycare cuz I've
got things to do today one is are not
been calling with a collab I believe if
I'm helping her shoot something topical
in with the shoot let's go work you know
so I'm taking this dude to daycare but
the thing is they told me on weekends
- like you have to make a reservation to
have the dog there but on the Internet
it says they're open to the public from
9 to 4 I even know what's going on
hopefully this little dude gets into
daycare because I did not call
I should call right now I don't want you
I think a lot better chances I just show
up with a dog it wasn't a mission they
just have 4 times today and if you want
many times you have to schedule it so
dog is gone until 4 p.m.
oh no good job clapping don't y'all get
public anyway still I was like maybe
once I get a dog my sessional dog with
dogs will go down no not even a little
bit well and now I am headed over to
Joey's to collab with him and Rachel is
making fun of me he's one of you and
just I didn't want to vlog myself
something if you want to see Rachel's
version of this you can watch her blog
channel because she's literally vlogging
me vlogging so that will be really
entertaining footage but yeah
Kaleem just did a collab with Lily and
Lily gave us new girl love bracelets and
I got a pin over my heart asked enough
anyway um so I'm gonna drop clean back
for her pairs and then go in my dong and
the thing here's the thing I feel bad
because my vlogs have sucked
this vlogmas they suck last vlog minutes
but they suck a lot this vlogmas because
i've been working on something i can't
tell you guys about yet and the thing is
it's not a work-related project it's a
project I'm doing for my own personal
thing but I don't tell you guys about it
yet it's as such because it takes up
like basically my entire day so I can't
vlog anything has to do with that but
I'll tell you guys about it when I'm
back from Hawaii but I want to make sure
things like set before I talk to you
guys about it don't worry and I'm still
an e-2 it's not like I'm getting a new
job and I'm not getting married
she's Louise I feel like I'm not
pregnant anyway I'm doing something in
my life right now that is taking up a
lot of my days and that's why I've been
waking up super super early and that's
why I'm like tired and stressed and like
just these bags honey just these bags
it's a good stress it's just I have a
lot to do so after well once I hit
Hawaii so Friday I'm not working on the
project while I'm in Hawaii and when I
get back each the project should be
ready for me to be comfortable enough to
tell you guys what it is it sounds so
mysterious and weird you'll understand
once I tell you guys about it it's not
that big a deal
but it is taking up a lot of my
so I just wanted to explain to you guys
why my vlogs just I'm not showing you I
just they cut their short and they suck
and it's because I don't have much to
film and I shouldn't have started
vlogmas early but i just freaking wanted
to cuz I've loved blog mess anyway so
this is the last week where it's gonna
be like the lamest
and then what I gotta Hawaii vlogs are
gonna get epic and amazing because after
that I can just show you guys everything
and tell you guys everything I don't
have to hide stuff I feel bad hiding
stuff so I'm sorry I feel like I felt
that I didn't hiding something but I
can't this minute that's my life
this is slowly I just felt like you guys
needed itsy-bitsy explanation of why I'm
the worst
don't go guessing just let me be let me
be anyway I love you guys so much
oh and by the way Colleen is doing her
fundraiser for the fight against
children's cancer today at 1:00 p.m. on
her main channel psycho soprano so tune
in at 1:00 p.m. to donate or just watch
or just be a part of that I'm going over
there with some of my merch giving that
to her to give to people so I'll be over
there at 1:00 I love you guys oh sorry
I'm sorry
first I'm sorry
