good morning good Monty it's great to
stay up late good morning good morning
do you who my microwave clock just
freaked me out because it says it's
12:30 and it's not 12:30 it's still the
a.m. and I was like what in the world
and I freaked out so I was like my blog
supposed to be up and everything
supposed to be already happening but
it's not don't worry
focus on me so don't you love when you
do that when you miss your straw and
you're not looking alright yep thanks
look I put makeup on it's the first time
in like four days I'm getting my life
together alright I'm gonna go eat lunch
and run errands come with if you want it
all so it's like 103 degrees outside and
I'm very much not looking forward to
stepping outside but I have to why can't
I be just like a hobbit live in my home
I just had a delicious lunch I had a
seared ahi tuna rice bowl which was
delicious and now I meant BevMo getting
a couple beers for Sunday's football
games cuz with football sometimes
must've come beer and I've never tried
pumpkin beer before and since its fall
not fall here but this season is
supposed to be here everything is like
pumpkin and I enjoy it
we're just doing that look at my beer
a lot but you know I share it so I got
cramps we went home and I was really
bored so I'm gonna go Target and look
around and then at the corner of my eye
I see a very familiar face is it focused
yeah I saw my sister's buck right above
Amy Poehler's in the new and noteworthy
section so I had a little freakout and I
took a selfie which I don't usually do
in public by myself I'm gonna walk down
the aisle a little bit and I see Joey
Graceffa and Connor Franta right next to
each other I mean I think it's a team
Internet when right now people and very
excited about it I kind of just made me
happy it made me happy I was kind of in
a board down mood and I saw it and I
kind of freaked out so yeah anyway now
I'm just looking around I hate Halloween
did you guys know that about me sorry
I'm in the Halloween section now I hate
Halloween I mean the only good part
about it is getting free candy but I'm
too old for that so yeah well there's a
shark costume
oh is that is that what everyone's gonna
be this year Katy Perry sharks yeah
all right good fast with Simon tinea
Jackson creep this is not mine
although I wish it was teeny and Simon
just go do a little boo boo was the same
Mila mili mili
my name is Millie but I'm the screen
caller Snoopy do peep help you up you
could put up pimples nail all the
annoying names you could possibly call a
dog Thank You V it's the common stock in
the world I'm in love it is your puppy
can you share
yes yeah yeah you can have creep you
don't need to share creepy I've made it
to glozell fest here's some green and
Colleen's about to perform it's about 95
degrees outside right now and she's in
sweats in a sweatshirt so good choice
and then Corey's here looking fabulous
as always
I'm very jealous of them because last
night they went to Ariana Grande's
concert and never been more jealous of
human in my entire life
so since its Simon's birthday Cory got
him some balloons
they're cute balloons they're basic but
they're just like of every color and I
kind of love it
we're going back to Colleen and Josh's
right now and we're gonna do taco night
with everybody for a birthday
celebration I just put my seatbelt on
sorry mom
I alright that's it for today's vlog
thank you guys for watching um I had fun
at Colleen and Josh's I had fun
Lopez teeny and Simon have the cutest
little dog ever if you want to see more
footage go over to their Channel and
because they filmed the dog obviously
it's their dog yeah so dude - oh no it's
muggy today yesterday was Sunday and all
I did was watch football which is so
much cuz it was a lot of heart and
strength that went into it I'm saying
this I love you guys
