hey guys so and in my last video with
Monday I finished it in middle of today
so I'm starting this video after that
anyway whatever I just finished filming
a video that was going up Tuesday so
aren't yet by the time you saw this I
just ate so much sugar and candy and I
haven't done that a really long time I
usually don't sweets that I'm don't
drink soda anymore and I don't drink
energy drinks anymore all I do is coffee
so my body is having a freakout and I
need to brush my teeth immediately
because I feel the cavities building in
my mouth right now the candy was great
though and I think the video will turn
out well so you know refresh my teeth
alright I brush my teeth
are they pretty yeah okay so now I have
to change my shirt why don't you like
focusing on me camera I'm literally
right in front of you thank you so I
have to change my shirt because I can't
wear the same shirt in two videos in a
row cuz I'm gonna be regenerating the
same shirt and don't care about my video
content at all just about the fact that
my shirt has been warned twice so I have
to change my shirt oh man I'm having a
sugar rush I feel it in my veins my
blood is going crazy my heart is going
crazy but I still gotta focus I gotta
make the Mickey Mouse didn't came out
the video and be very ATT in my Rachel's
room because I don't know what's going
on goodbye I'm Phil but I posted my
video I'm halfway through editing my
Rachel's my Tuesday video yep and now
I'm in the mood for some Mexican food so
Viva love eating
I don't know I'm not wearing makeup so I
went to the gym and took a shower and
put makeup back on Matt and I are at
Porto's it's a cafe bakery place I've
been there I've been to her bank area so
here have been off in the world
got a preacher believe it or not this is
my favorite dessert in the entire row is
a fruit tart I love them so much I can
eat about six of these but I ordered
salad
I believe the salad first and then I'll
finish with the Butchart let the last
taste in my mouth out of coffee
look how healthy I am don't put a banana
chip on this flaw in Porto's I don't
want this banana chip
I'm at a sandwich place do like the
decor in the refrigerator
I was in Santa Barbara the past day and
a half
here's the only exciting footage of what
happened yeah you are upside down they
are adorable yeah and now I'm back in my
area of life and I'm getting food and
football starts okay guys it's Thursday
and the first football game of the
season is happening let's do it I am in
my element I am drinking a sculpin beer
out of this sculpin Cup I'm watching
football and I am living life and I love
it and I just ordered pizza
like my life cannot get any better at
this point and I'm very excited about it
that's all I just thought I'd tune in
for half a second to tell you guys that
and now I'm leaving okay I'll probably
fill my pizza just so you guys can be
really jealous of it and 5ut yourself
pizza no I'm not eating this all by
myself
judge your big judge your son's anyone
it's okay if I did so suck it but I'm
sharing it oh okay well it's morning hi
yeah so I'm gonna edit this vlog and I'm
signing out thank you guys for watching
just you guys know I'm going to go fest
on Saturday so if you're gonna be there
I'm gonna be there and then you beat and
then the places yep nice you guys thanks
for tuning in bye
