Hey
what I'm doing hi it's Friday and I'm
gonna start the day today and I'm gonna
vlog cuz I've been slacking on the vlog
in the last vlog I said I'd start
vlogging more so this is me vlogging
more
you're welcome Kai Tong is telling them
and if you watch my snapchat or you're
following my Twitter or you watch my
main channel you'll know my telling is
numb and it's still numb and it's
bugging the crap out of me so yeah
that's about that let's start today okay
bye I'm going to the store because I
want to cook salmon tonight so I'm going
to get stuff to the store and look I'm
wearing a dress today
so ladylike and it's just such a lady
whoops Lee I'm wearing cargo undies with
them I wanna see cargo andis
they're like boy shorts though my bikini
shows more than my underwear does anyway
I'm going shopping it's like three three
o'clock
it's exciting day buddy it's exciting I
did my eyebrows too thick today there
are some things I will never understand
where the first person was that was like
yeah let's eat this like fish look at
the footage of the fish I just took life
under the sea is better than anything
they got up there the seaweed is always
greener in somebody else's lake you
dream about golden up them but daddy's a
mystic who saw this and was like mmm
this will be really good if I cook it
and eat it because no that does not look
good like I know it's good I love that
she's like one of my favorite boots like
who in their world was like yeah I'm
gonna get this thing the slimy thing of
the ocean really scaly I'm just gonna
eat it sounds good hey start at goodbye
hey oh I'm at Macy's looking at sheets
mmm
I hate the sheets I have they're very
Scratchy so I found
pema sheets and they seem pretty comfy I
know nothing about sheets I think we
tongue is getting worse it like hurts
when I stretch it ah
anyway this look like a nice nice bed
sheet selection I keep wanting to get
purple but apparently that's not manly
enough for Matt so we're looking at
other colors welcome our ball being
stared at okay it's Sunday now I got
gray sheets instead of purple I just it
just happened I cave did it happened but
they're soft so that's good all right
it's Sunday my parents just stopped by
with Jake they're on the way to go see
Heather O'Neill's show I'm not going
because I'm a terrible human being in
friend but yeah I'm gonna go run some
errands soon all right it's late Sunday
night I went to the gym I ran here and
today I got this jacket at Costco why do
I shop at Costco but it's almost 11:00
and we're hoping targets still open
because we will run there and grab stuff
to make pizza because I really really
want pizza but it's healthy if you make
it yourself
so we're rushing and hopefully targets
open I'm crossing my fingers it's open
I'm going oh look at these guys I don't
know what they're called oh gosh what is
the Star Wars theme happening in Target
I don't show up for one day share the
force
are you going to get a basket it's not
my job my job get the basket guys I
should just get lunch bowls as my pizza
right this is what I grew up on this
right here every day in seventh grade
this one I ate for lunch meets a
lunchable
I didn't even microwave it just straight
up and like it's proved it does it
couldn't put it back the thing for his
leg up all right my pizza was delicious
I just watched Mad Max it was terrible
I'm gonna go to battle see in the
morning bye good morning yes I did
change my shirt in the middle of the
night don't ask questions you don't need
to know things
Oh over the film a little bit today and
put it in today's vlog because I don't
think I have enough exciting footage for
you so here we go by the way my tongue
is still numb ah okay
press play good good all right so I need
to put my makeup on still but I took a
shower
aren't you proud of me I am obsessed
with MasterChef right now that's all
I've been watching his MasterChef and
it's really bad and it shouldn't be
obsessed with it but I mean it's good
it's not bad show but anyway so I need
to film a Tuesday video because
currently Monday and someone sent me a
bunch of candy from Brazil and I was
like hey this is a massive box of food
I've never tried before let's make it a
Tuesday video shall we
so I'm full makeup wanted to do that but
I can't turn off MasterChef and then
after I make my Tuesday video I should
probably come a Rachel's room and then I
need to edit this vlog that I'm
currently filming and post that there's
just I don't want to do anything but
watch MasterChef I get like there are
some weeks when I'm like I'm not
obsessed with any show I can work
non-stop like just 24/7 I will be
working in my dream but if I get
obsessed in the show there's nothing I
can't all I do all I want to do is sit
and watch it I did look what I did do I
did wrap Jacobs birthday present in
Christmas wrapping paper because you
know Christmas alright I just finished
setting up for my video no-nos huh
so elegant and so I'm going to close
with this vlog from the video post this
vlog edit the Tuesday video filming
Rachel's room send my dad some stuffs
and my mom some stuff Nessa's it with
work I think my parents work for me for
free and yeah
okay so assume that's of yours buddy
seaweed is always greener in somebody
else's lake you dream about golden up
there but that is a mystic just nope
