what up it's Friday Matt was cooking
stuff on the grill Oh
focusing is not my camera up my camera
is so dirty from off-roading yesterday
it's like nasty dirty anyway I don't
want this fungus on my prettiness we
were barbecuing within the barbecue ran
out of gas so now we don't know what to
do because it's chicken and you can't
really eat that raw but yeah I'm just
waking up I'm in the woods again
it's fun
and it's freezing and very very very
windy I'm in jeans for goodness sake why
am I at a lake the lake is actually
gorgeous we're at ten minutes now we're
leaving hey it's Sunday morning which is
draft day for me I'm doing my first
fantasy draft today focused on my face
God vlog II okay but we need to get a
propane tank filled for the gas BBQ
thing because we're doing a barbecue
today during the draft
okay except for food and football you
guys care about American football so
feel like my most of you guys don't
justify I just am islands I got it don't
worry guys I'm just walking on the
hunting store so Matt and I got special
shirts for today rains oh my dad raised
me as an LA Rams fan even on there in
st. Louis now I'm still gonna represent
in case they ever move back then I'm
like I was available time she gotta have
consistency people yeah I'll try and
sneak you Matt shirt you'd like a nature
need to agree with you
so I just did a fantasy draft for two
and a half hours and then I need to get
out of the house because I can't sit in
one spot for two and a half hours so
Matt took me golfing so I'm at a golfing
range now it's not focused I'm actually
doing a lot better than last time and I
think it's just cuz like I'm not trying
to let him try to have fun this time and
I should've been hitting the balls
pretty far
a good like ten feet I said that and
then I started sucking so let's see
what's Matt's got he's gonna finish out
the last four balls for us no I don't
want to do it I'm a disgrace I'm
learning I don't even know where that
went but it sounded cool
so this vlog was extremely long over -
we've left Ajo Monday and I've been home
it's Friday now so the beginning of this
vlog was exactly week ago I just needed
chill
I was gone for a very long time I was
gone from my apartment for exactly a
month yep now I'm home and I'll get back
to regular vlogging I promise I just I
think I just needed a week of not
holding my arm in the air while I talked
to a camera that's about it alright
thanks you guys for watching I love you
