hey guys I'm in the middle of nowhere so
I'm after Miranda camp i fluid Susan
Northern California and I just spent two
days in Santa Rosa with Matt and now we
are trying to Tahoe where I'm going to
be spending the weekend there doing
fantasy football stuff with him and his
friends so you can join me with that
right now I'm getting gas exciting I
know look how much I'm paying for gas
billing billing billing gonna do
luncheon numbers go up so not for sushi
on our way to Tahoe so here's our sushi
so they didn't give a soy sauce saucers
so mad jacks up another table it's the
next day and I'm in the woods this is
creepy I've never really done the woods
before never really done it I've been to
Tahoe twice and had a cabin but it was
like very residential now Mike it's
straight up in the woods lookit there's
chopped wood there's been a lumberjack
here guys
chopped wood oh good that's right where
I want to sit right there last night
this was all pitch black because there's
no lights around here and I was scared I
assumed that there was a murderer around
every tree
I thought everyone about to kill me
these are massive cabins I don't really
know if I'm in a no man's land or a
backyard outright anyway yo hi that goes
thing is not safe or legal by any means
with all the water in it
so we're spotting Brad as he comes down
the hill because there's this Boulder oh
he's totally fine alright so we're back
from off-roading I had to take a shower
and change my clothes because that was
the dustiest thing I have ever done I
have never been more appreciative of
every single eyelash that I have in fact
I wish I had more also I was black
boogers for the next like six weeks but
um Alfred it was a lot of fun actually
it wasn't as scary as I thought it would
be it was just more like enjoyable I
really liked it anyway that's it for
today
how about close this out so I can go
enjoy more of the Tahoe area I love you
guys thanks for tuning in to either this
weekend or Monday
