hi guys it's Friday and we're on the bus
and we just where are we
we're in Richmond normal place to be
this is Jay's lashed out with us cuz he
has to go home for an engagement party
yeah loser but my dad shows up tonight
and so does teenie Jackson and Simon so
it'll be a party and Rebecca's also
leaving womp Bom
I love when people join but I hate when
people lean so Josh got me a Starbucks
cuz he's awesome and he's got a dick
therefore I want to suck it well that's
about it you guys think you think
because he has a penis and I want to be
sucking I'm just addressing the fact
that they think that we're together
because we don't hate each other oh
there you go she's right there she might
have seen it she says let's kiss and she
just starts taking her pants mom's
family is the weirdest thing ever
experience my life ah that's what you
get there I'm going to do they're making
a thumbnail not your chin needs to be up
this is all good finish good oh that's a
good one oh there it is
oh the internet hates when Josh talks to
another woman besides Colleen so we're
just messing with y'all I agree
ah it's my mom's birthday
so Tina's here by the way Tina showed up
you know just normal
she's here for literally two days but
it's my mom's birthday so we're all
decking out the bus right now and we're
gonna wrap our presents to her and
surprise her yay
balloons wrapping wrap it away got them
on the laptop and that's what we were
taking forever to do at the Apple Store
I'd like my credit card declined I'll
just come back my phone we're buy my mom
a laptop and so it definitely sucked
here is our decorations for this evening
it looks like either a baby shower or a
prom from today prami look what I did
I'm real classy I also did this
Colleen made us put hats on hey J won't
wear one though I just want to mess up
his hair are you gonna uh huh yeah of
course gotcha Simon's here to put on
your head Simon got it on your head
these things are meant for children stop
perfect she's coming she's coming
excuse me there's a space cadet here I'm
over here
excuse me little space cadet have you
been to space no you haven't been this
face
do you have grandpa he's in my space oh
my go
normals time backstage Colleen signing
posters even though her arms falling off
mom helping even though it's her
birthday Kristin Marc it's all good in
the hood
reunite us we understand yes
and shoulder
okay so right now Christopher and I we
are out of focus we can we've got
t-shirts made for my mom it says happy
birthday mama B and we're trying to hide
them because we're gonna put them on
backstage because cleansing to bring her
onstage it has to be a quick change we
have to hide them so she doesn't see
them but we need to make it so
Christopher can get them off his
children in time it's a mess we hit them
in the curtain she'll never okay hi
Christopher
all right we did it went on stage and I
completely forgot to film it sorry the
show just ended and we had a cake for my
mom and she blow out the candles I'm
saying I'm a birthday but I didn't film
it because I'm way too into the actual
activity to film as well but here's the
cake there it is all right we're gonna
go take a family photo in our purple
shirts they look kind of blue but
they're purple also there's a see a
dance that I'm going to show you guys
because the tour's over so now it's I
just filmed it so I get to show you guys
because we like to be a surprise anyway
it tears out my knees I've had to ice my
knees because I land on my knees and it
won't looks cool and I do it so I keep
doing it but also when I take selfies
with kids I have to squat we take bit
tough on my knees this tour o film this
madness everyone gets together
do you want to use no I'm a boss this is
more fun this is worth it
can we squish together more
and three there you go you're very thank
you
family photos guys it's the next day my
mom's birthday was great we had a lot of
fun we after the show and she danced
putting the bus but it oh look at this
handsome devil thank you
yep that's cute that's great you guys
match Oh matching family anyway today is
the last row and I have such mixed
emotions about it I am exhausted
I'm tired of ready to go home but I love
this show and this tour has been a lot
of fun there hasn't been that much
actually hasn't really been any drama
I've loved it
but yeah so let's go do the last show
guys
you
the show just ended Colleen had an
amazing performance it was a good show
we love it it's done that's it
Campbell camp is done this is no more
all right
champagne time I just got all my stuff
off the bus I don't think it's gonna fit
in my suitcase you guys got me a lot of
stuff over the past three weeks I don't
know how to pack it all but yeah let's
go say bye to the bus cuz I spent three
weeks of my entire life on that bus so
it deserves a goodbye goodbye boss
goodbye it is so humid out here that
everything is foggy this is disgusting
every night John sat there and drove us
safely to our next destination and here
is where I that here's where I put my
feet when I sat this is where we had our
affair right there this is where Joshua
makes all the drinks this is the cubby
in which I slept only a few times
because I didn't like to and here's the
bed where I slept some other times
before Josh got here and stole my woman
goodbye bus and though also this is
where I put my luggage and where my
luggage got rained on because this is
the shower
so goodbye bus thank you for taking me
safely from one destination to the next
without ever making me get on an
airplane except when I had to get on a
bus first time I've devised the bus then
thank you bus I love you thank you John
was not here right now no game behind
he's tailgating behind the bus thank you
John okay
