this is my sincerest apology I am the
worst vlogger in the world I'm in
Philadelphia
it's Tuesday I haven't picked up my blog
in forever and a vlogger supposed to go
out tomorrow so this is me making up for
sucking is today just gonna be filming a
lot I told you I was going to tell you
what happened Sunday and so now I will
tell you even though it's way past the
fact and I'm sure you've seen it on all
of the other vlog and snapchats and
instagrams and Twitter's setup happened
Chloe passed out during the show on
Sunday we were having a show and she's
straight up ran offstage and passed out
and so I went on stage and just improv
like 15 minutes with Josh and then
pulled Christopher on stage and he sang
a song with his family all while killeen
is dying hyperventilating not breathing
and just unconscious side a stage she
finally got the energy determination to
go back on and finish the show and then
afterwards she collapsed again we were
all you know Fanning or putting ice on
it giving her water giving her food
electrolytes everything we possibly
could and we finally got her calm down
we took her the dressing room and then
she found out she won a Teen Choice
Awards which is beyond amazing which is
extraordinary which is fantastic and so
we were all like screaming and excited
about that I hope you guys realized why
I didn't bring out my blog camera during
any of this because it was a very
emotional crazy freakin time booze
madness that's that and then Monday I
was working I was editing and trying to
rest I got distracted with work things I
need to catch you up on please Oh II see
online were dicks to youtubers which is
so stupid just so stupid why would you
make that many enemies there's no reason
for that much negativity that much hate
so that's just it was ridiculous I just
put a bad taste in everyone's mouth now
no internet person is ever gonna want to
work with them like there was no smart
move for them on that was so stupid they
were just dissing youtubers on Twitter
for like entire night it was so it like
we thought they got hacked or something
but then like the writers of II were
like hosting stuff on their Twitter's
I'm just like but this is most
unprofessional ridiculous thing in the
world but then Shane Dawson was slaying
them and so with jenna Marbles and
everyone just like teen internet ruled
everyone just kind of band together and
we were like you can't break us we're
here you might not like it but we're
freakin here and you can't you can't do
anything about it
Internet is one big Sam
all right unless I should do work more
and then the show your little monkey you
little monkey watch the ice here we go
here we go here we go with the ACE yeah
right here
no no I will play this game if you see
it out on the street I tell ya you're
losing time every time when when they
want you to you lose all the time
okay I just ran onto the bus there are a
lot of people outside of it but I had
kids in my hand so I couldn't stop kid
safety um yeah shredder sent in it went
well
clan was aided on stage at one point she
slid on stage for the three-legged race
and just like almost ate it and it
scared me a little bit nothing on
exciting part of the show bus ride back
to the hotel give me hey people you guys
this morning went to Apple store and it
was like the worst experience ever
because all of our cars kept getting
declined like every single one of us cuz
we're in a different state and we're
making a huge purchase we're trying to
buy Clinton Apple police boat we're
talking about Cleveland and every single
dog cars got to find em I think like
completely pros my card wouldn't let me
get to my car wouldn't talk to anybody
Colleen and Josh are trying to get their
cards to work and it was maximum there
and we're stressed but now we're at
sushi and we eventually got everything
worked out and I'm eating miso soup it's
not food I'm drinking I'm drinking
it is pouring rain outside but Jay is
insisting on getting a shot so he keeps
going out and getting soaking wet to get
a shot of the rain but every time it's
out of focus let's watch this madness is
the first time he's had an umbrella
buddy system raindrops keep all that on
by him but that doesn't mean my eyes
will soon be turning
oh did you get it J it's in focus now
good so I just learned that this morning
at my hotel all of us went out then the
bus driver our bus driver who is awesome
was like doing some stuff around the bus
and these girls kept following him he
goes just you guys know they left
they're not coming back and he was
telling the truth we left and we weren't
coming back and one of you told him to f
off that is not okay
that is disgusting how dare you say that
to someone on our team he is one of the
nicest guys in the world and he was
telling you the truth
that we had left and we weren't coming
back so he was letting you know to not
waste your time foul foul the shirt
ascended but I wanted to show you guys
my new setup that I have I've got to
show running on this laptop the setlist
on this laptop and the backup computer
here
I'm just ballin with three laptops
during the show it was so my mom and I
we're at our hotel
Rebecca odd you wanna come with us and
see if there's a murderer in our hotel
room there's a murderer in our hotel
room cuz my mom and I walked up to our
hotel room and we went and we got to the
end of the hostess and at the end of the
hall got the end of the hall and the
hinge had been pulled so that the door
was propped open and all the lights are
on and I just stopped I was like I'm not
going in that room and so we called Jay
because the supposed total of security I
were making Jay go in the room to see if
there's a murderer
I've never in my entire life checked
into the hotel room and my door was open
that's not okay and the lady the front
desk seemed very offended that I accused
her of letting a murderer in my room so
it she's like oh we don't have security
it's probably just the maids which is
totally true but not a cool story
I got reflected all scared Danner
six full teaser portable and on the
right go see is cracked open
hello there's towels on the ground
Jay get out of the room get out Jay
we're leaving get out Jay clean Jay
sobbing why you're freaking her back out
let's please go on doesn't happen or go
right darling the rooms not cleaned oh I
think a maid got murdered while she was
cleaning it if this was like a TV show
that I'm in love with like any SUV or
monk or psychic I can't they would be
all over the situation
what did it look like in the room this
is something good for half way done
cleaning it was like half way done
cleaning but it which is why my
assumption that is a makeup lover while
cleaning it - she didn't close the door
I'm demanding a new room and if they
don't have one that they build one for
me okay we got a new room and we're
making Jay - check it out
I'm cool turn on light you got checked
that bathroom
check all the closets there's a book in
man oh did you so much
it's so proud of himself we'll check
behind everything
I'm not gonna sleep tonight
check on the beds no good in the block
fence we'll check under mine anyway the
block bed go check on this side you know
what Cheers
I already looked block bed good check
the cupboards I could fit in that
somebody's staring at stop j-dog
I'm just tired
Thank You such a long you love this
we're brothers excuse me no one checked
those cabinets this is what your blog is
going to say probably good
yeah yeah figured you're ballers yeah
tough chick is standing on the bed kita
TV you call her big except but really
I'm big this is it's all shut up don't
want them no but seriously no one's
check those cupboards terrible gasping
this is hell okay I don't think
congestive I'm gas I'm not a good noise
right
we haven't died so far all right this
morning I didn't die so I'm gonna close
this vlog love you guys for watching
buddy
