wanted me a burden to me hey my life I'm
lied when between the sleep real quick
doo doo doo doo doo hey guys how you
doing I haven't never done one of these
on my blog channel but what doin is that
they d character at the day was a live
stream is starting soon it started just
do it okay wasn't i right yes copy it's
terrible quality and I apologize for
that but i'm on a bus and i'm using the
best Wi-Fi available to me which is on
the bus I street happening come hang out
on my lawn channel I am a bumpy ride
right now one you wanted me fun me upon
me Oh should I start a half stars me how
does use my phone just start talking to
me I'll talk to you guys that tweet go
through we'll never know you want that
but no alright guys so I hit oh the
reason we're doing this let's talk about
that the reason doing this because my
blog channel just in 3000 subscribers
was awesome my baby with a same thing
here that i did at my main channel just
every time I hit a new hundred thousand
able to a live stream I didn't do one
for the first to choose thousand on the
bar channel but I'm doing it now also it
n plus a blog today so this comes my
video um yeah so I just finished it
showing back in the bus and rotate me on
the front and you are hanging on me in
the back wool do you like the beer I'll
look you can see what I see and then I
madness oh good so let's start looking
at Twitter go ahead and tweet me things
like normal live streams do oh did you
guys know that now people's knees her
when they go upstairs do squats
I thought your knees hurting was a
completely awful thing and I found out
it's not do any of your knees hurt like
how its hereditary my family that like
my mom is bad news my sister's bad news
my best friend was born with a child or
brightest and so growing up I was like
everyone's knees hurt everyone has
really bad knees until painful doing all
these things normal no found out
yesterday completely not normal like my
boy girls like hey why why are you doing
four squads like you know that if you
want your muscles to build it any more
squats like he wasn't being mean or
anything but he just knows my work I
work out I think I was like because I
just do it until my knees hurt he's like
why are your knees hurting I was like
because that's normal weight talking
about why aren't your knees hurting and
then I was my mind was blown basically
when I found out that no no not all
people's knees hurt so it everyone
saying it's private come on man
okay apparently this hangout is private
settings probably change that foot hold
on I don't have to do it how do i do it
please help me it says what everyone's
doing my livestreams private I don't
make it not private everyone's saying is
my livestream is private everyone is my
livestreams private boy on private that
fish I mean that's my chance that's okay
safe pulling smarter than me okay let's
see if you guys can see it now see if
you can catch up thanks Colleen okay
people just make it bracelets on the
floor okay okay now hopefully you guys
can see me let's keep you down see guys
know a mess
our that typo is it working now and this
gracious i'm just a mess my whole life
is a mess always a mess I never know
what I'm doing if i'm not in the comfort
of my own desktop at home on an auto
work computer okay everyone i get it
that i was drivin not see thank you guys
very nice between me I wouldn't have
found out everyone saying it's working
okay that's why I had 0 viewers I wasn't
looking at the viewercount don't care if
I get a million tubes or just one that
one person so that i don't know i'm
saying stop ignore me I'm being weird
okay I have to wait for you guys to
freaking ketchup order for me like chit
chat with y'all cuz I'm an idiot ok so
everyone's saying it's working now it's
working but it won't let me comment gosh
darn it what is this madness of this
thing all right refresh this business
nah I got an itchy nose show more
michelin how I show up how to hot all OH
channel settings and now Anna live
streaming guys I clearly don't know how
to YouTube very well edit ah
I advanced options enable live chat I
got I don't know how to make it to the
coming guys allow comments oh I don't
know this is this is stupid that it's
being stupid sorry guys this is my bad
this is the most well I say that every
time I just I this is me unedited people
this is me just not saying words that
are correct and not figuring out twice
one song stuck in my head hi mom you
clearly need a mamita thank you oh then
thank you that was mommy ok guys so
apparently you can't comment on it oh I
can I can I can see the comments now
they're on the side hello it's working I
hope you having fun driver camp I am
having fun of Miranda camp guys I'm
having so much fun Miranda camp um
touring our bus is way easier than going
on airplanes and I'm show for it uh yeah
so wreck it um whoo anyway Oh was it
morning camps fun other questions do you
to tend to the Santa ha ha ha
nice shirt do you like my Miranda camp
shirt they don't sell these anymore hey
I don't think ever sold tanks cleaned up
tanks just for me because I don't like
pit stains so yeah and they don't sell
them in red anymore because it looks
like miranda is canoeing in blood so I
switched to blue t-shirts so this is a
one and only this is an original this is
its own that's how you guys doing today
hashtag struggling Rachel yeah that's me
I'm a struggling boo yeah you guys can
ask me questions on YouTube you can ask
me questions on Twitter I'm something
we're going back and forth on to on both
of them i just bought tickets
mirandasings show in toronto we just
bought our flights so Booya look at
twinsies buying stuff yep we're going to
try them it's a tempura bleep really
there for like half a second but will it
run up in the trunk before I like it's
like a different version of choline dark
kids screaming outside are we on the
highway well there are people i heard
fully sane being scraped yeah there are
people driving beside us right now
screaming out their windows while we are
in a bus on a highway that is so
dangerous it's no time to get angry when
something's not dangerous or people are
you doing my show me you can't i'm
currently sweating why are you sweating
don't sweat shave your legs one of them
it's a way to oh I get it okay what is
the hashtag for this ish let's create a
hashtag hashtag tweet me during the five
street with hash tag
with what Rachel blogs Rachel blogs 300k
Rachel blogs 300k tweet while on it
would be one in three hundred thousand
we had 21 in 300,000 who's great with it
for our show I think it's being clean
and just like our assistance that you
guys don't know um yeah I think it's
just being clean i don't think i don't
know Josh or my mom or Christopher's
family's going I don't know if it's all
gone but it's for sure me and believe so
sorry i don't know show we're doing I
know put casar camp ends in Sunday oh my
gosh summer camp in Sunday she is Louise
this three weeks is literally flown by
like crazy mad this three-week system am
I frozen I'm looking at what you guys
see oh it is terrible quality I have
like both pages up what I'm saying what
you guys see and I just look like a
weird painting of choppy robot fitness
what you guys see that sucks anyway
wasn't oh gosh oh no clue what we were
doing they actually know who because I
don't know if she was due back to the
self-help to her but she's done that um
but we can't keep doing summer camp so I
have a feeling she's going to combine
both for just create something with the
same material summer camp occult
something different but I qualities but
yeah trial will be fun either way I love
building new shows how do i watch the
livestream you click on the link are you
go to my blog channel what are you gonna
eat for breakfast tomorrow goes you
think I'm gonna wake up and dine for
breakfast i wake up at the earliest
10-15 if which might seem late to you
guys but I'm on the East Coast that I'm
used to west coast time so we can give
it 10-15 is actually waking up at seven
fifteen for my body so we give a 10-15
its I wake up that early i go to the gym
and then i take a shower and I hit the
road by noon um but if I on a regular
day wake up 11 so there you go you judge
all you want I'm fine with my life I'm
happy judge away
are you coming to Texas there are no
things on the books right now for Texas
that's all do you pee in the shower what
are you gonna do for 1 billion i have
one man in my vein channel i am
absolutely no clue what i'm going to do
not a clue so we're all in for surprise
when that happens what city are you on
your way to now and think on our way to
baltimore i'm not mistaken good morning
Baltimore I have a friend who we're
obsessed with Baltimore just the fact
that we love we want to be waking up in
Baltimore and she almost came to
Baltimore with us so that we could wake
up and sing good morning Baltimore to
each other but she could not come and I
was very very sad about it why is it now
on tour with you because there was there
was no I don't know how to put it in a
way that you guys will understand it
doesn't sound rude there was no use for
him on this tour also he has his own
stuff he has to do but we both agreed
that he I'd be very distracted because
I'd be like I would always want to make
sure he was okay because performing in
theaters aren't in his element they're
not what he does he's not a theater
person so I'd always be concerned he's
he felt he'd be a distraction and I was
like yeah you would but I still want you
there and he's like let's look we can
handle three weeks and I'm like okay so
we had a discussion an adult
relationship discussion and we decided
with no hard feelings that he shouldn't
come and also there's no room on this
bus for anybody how long have I been on
13 minutes seems like an eternity of fun
pneus I am I hate posting long videos my
livestream I'm like no one's gonna wash
is gonna be a half hour long no one's
going to sit down to watch this and I'm
out with shock to people so
do and I just it'll always amazed me
please come to Northern Ireland I like
Ireland I'll go back to Ireland to plan
on excited for christmas I am always
excited for Christmas every single day
of my life I am excited for Christmas
the only time I'm sad about Christmas is
the day after Christmas because the
Christmas is no more I hate when people
leave their Christmas decorations up
like fruit I don't know my Christmas is
done that I don't want to see the direct
decorations leave but then like oh
they're up I get reminded that Christmas
isn't happening for a whole nother years
so I get all sad so it's like I get mad
at decorations but i still like seeing
eye to eye have a conflicted up wait you
people of ghasta do you like why the
Christmas decorations christmas is over
New Year's Eve has to do with Christmas
it just happens to be around the same
time so that's logic doesn't even make
sense get very passionate and angry
about it as I do most things in the
world unnecessarily do I get to meet you
guys in Toronto if you've got VIP
tickets where were you in keswick and I
mean where was I I think what as I
Justin keswick was I Philadelphia trip
actually in keswick I was in the theater
and then I was in a bus that was mine
keswick twice if you ever been to
colorado yes if you did did you like it
I don't remember it when we go to cities
we leave we literally see usually the
airport the hotel the theater back to
the hotel been to an airport like we
actually fly in the night before or the
morning of the straight to the hotel and
then we have sound check usually earlier
in the day and then we can stay at the
theatre till through the night and then
we leave the theater super late to go
back to where we were supposed to be in
sleep and then wake up really early and
get on a plane that's usually use
we actually see nothing in the cities so
that's that this is the bounciest bus
ride we've had yet I don't know if did
you guys see the beginning of this vlog
had this vlog stream begin because I
said a bunch of stuff but I know if you
couldn't see it was private it tweet me
or just respond on the you know the
youtubes how what what started was it me
or was it my sister fixing my livestream
what did you see as I don't know like I
want to talk about beginning stuff but
unless you guys haven't seen pulling I
would all start at Colleen oh wow you
guys are talking fast where's Pauline ok
tranny fierce goes often
you
one and beautiful innocent man oh my god
these comments come in so fast I can't
see anything Oh God okay so you're all
saying the Cooley was the first thing
you saw in this live stream because it
went from private to public because I
don't know how to work a live stream
apparently so um I'm doing this live
stream because you guys got me through
in two thousand subscribers on my vlog
channel which is awesome so I'm going to
start doing what I do on my main channel
which is do a live stream every hundred
thousand until I had a million and also
implode space this council my blog and
then what ever stupid internet oh god I
can't keep up with you guys I'm going
Twitter that is stressful to watch the
comments so stressful I can't see you
gosh darn it it's not working send help
I don't know sorry I don't know how to
fix something up you're still doing or
what happened okay it's not working so
i'm signing off hopefully it continues
to work once i'm signed off like it's
still recording it says that it's
working oh gosh darn it I'm suicide the
internet on this bus is terrible I've
been a moving bus so like the connection
goes in and out I don't know what you
guys are tweeting stuff I gosh darn it
I'm a mess okay anyway maybe that's a
sign for me to go everyone saying it is
working it's not want to show your tits
all right that's my cue you're all just
asking where Kaleem is and telling me to
show my tits so I'm going to sign off it
was lovely doing this live stream with
you guys I love you guys thanks for
getting into your 2000 you guys are
awesome i love you to pieces and feed
billions of the pieces ok that's it I'm
the sign off thanks guys for watching
you guys are great too we simply to do
to expand
I couldn't curls hit biceps today do I
big muscles all right love you guys I've
everyone saying it's broken so i'm
signing off i really hope this saves i
really hope that this does something
everyone's saying it's working town yeah
I don't know what to do I don't know I
don't know I didn't know do you guys
know like one of the first youtube
videos i ever saw was this kid who ah
and he's it's playa and the song goes
like this he made a song for this girl
and it's edit amazingly terribly and i
don't know if he was real or joking when
he goes I didn't know I don't know my my
my you know anyway if someone can find
the Aisha song on youtube and send it to
me it's like the skies alone in his
bedroom and he sings to a girl named
aisha if you find that before me and
tweet it to me i will forever be in love
with you so that's it okay that's
that'll be by the end of this how long
have I been on I've black shirt is
supposed to be long so let's see how
long I was on for 20 minutes alright i'm
signing off i love you guys thanks for
watching hey
