hey guys it's Thursday Friday it's
Friday
wait let me start over hey guys it's
Friday I am in New York City today what
in the world I see if I can see it from
the bus there it is
there's New York there's a lady with a
pink hat hello cat lady hello okay
anyway well it's almost 1 o'clock which
means a little bit of time I don't have
to set stage till about huto I'm gonna
maybe walk around and get some footage
of New York hopefully I don't know let's
try a shiz here
mmm hello your hand is not clammy your
sisters hands get clammy really quickly
mine don't get clammy no no not clammy
hand clammy hands not I'm shining my
flashlight on myself right now I'm
vlogging so people are going to look at
me I'm going to go I don't know if
you're gonna hear me it's after the show
I wasn't allowed to film in the beacon
that's why you have no footage of
tonight's show but right now it's an
after party on some rooftop it's coast
cooling is Olivia she knows so many
people are just so many friends here who
are so supportive of her and they're so
nice so we're all here having a fun time
eating and drinking this is my nostril
view that's not a booger what is that a
booger no it's just sign of my nose I
show you the view yeah
beca's in the bus Rebekah's in the bus
first minute she just got omnibus she's
very excited
I want my focus this camera this little
truck there we go so I have to go to
Urgent Care we're going to go to the
theater and I have to go to Urgent Care
because this I of mine is just getting
more and more swollen on this thing does
not focus on one thing you can kind of
see it this is fine this size phone this
is yesterday's makeup so I go to Urgent
Care this my name is Mike antibacterial
drops or something every door that I'll
be good to go and also the last night
claims promoter got me this ukulele and
so I'm acting like I know how to play it
it's a lot of fun guess who's driving me
to Urgent Care is my eyes Connor was
gonna take us but he needs to run and
get everyone food and whatnot so it's
just me my mommy and met fleas and we're
gonna fix my eyeball that is just death
yeah beautiful
yeah beautiful
yeah beautiful it's true some at urgent
care and I just didn't I test it's like
this and this and reading stuff but my
prescription my glasses at the wrong
prescription so I failed like I've to
get new glasses don't worry I get
something anyway no matter if you care
once again why am I always in urgent
care like every ever month
I'm not urgent care I just put a bunch
of drops in my eye and apparently I was
yellow goo stain I have an infection on
the upper eyelid so it's on my eye
myself but it's the lid so she has to
give me antibacterial cream infection
stuff desi so I'm a little jokester and
I'm at the pharmacy getting a my
prescription my cream for my eye why
don't you focus on me whore and I'm
going to buy an eyepatch and I'm going
to show up to the theatre with an
eyepatch on just to freak everyone out
I'll take it off but I don't know I'm I
never really do pranks but this is my
prank today
this is Rachel's Bloggie and stay right
on this is Rachel earlier got a knife
actually did yeah she tricked everyone
me sometimes people just leave bloggers
around so I'm just gonna record here
that's what it was a 1 1 or in science
purple people eater
I'm J for those of you who don't know me
I was the creeper in the mirror day I
was a creeper in the mirror and Rachel
last video anyways maybe I'll steal this
vlog again and get you more stuff ah
did you know is Rachel's loggy is it
really yeah
so the meet and greets about to start
and a while back I got a DM I'm talking
because it's a secret
I got a DM from one of you guys said
you're passing out signs at the meeting
you're going to hold him on saying we
love you clean and so I'm gonna try and
get her reaction to that but I don't
know if it's actually happening because
the Dean was kind of a long time ago so
I don't know if it's gonna follow
through but yeah that's all I have to
say let's go
Wagyu slave Rebecca George coin
and Rachel I love you Rachel
it's after the show and we're all in
matching Wednesday's all of us have our
onesies on our promoter bound before us
yesterday show I don't know if I told
you that he also got me that you blame a
shot of everyone
everyone's just shelling and it's
pouring rain right now outside there's
thunder and lightning happening it's
like great up pouring rain and thunder
and lightning and it's crazy I can hear
it in the bus and the bus is pretty loud
so that's what intense this is me
closing up this vlog thanks for watching
love you baby
I sell the thing coming out of the sky
above the one lone whore
