hey turd faces its what's today
Wednesday it's Wednesday let's say it's
Wednesday I think it's Wednesday we're
in Columbus Ohio I'm getting on an
elevator with my mom careful we might
lose service filming not using the
Internet ah we're going on the bus to
get shorts milk and a bracelet hey you
with me every time
look if my mom got me a nice little box
and I'm so happy I'm in like a dungeon
let's go my dark it's dark you don't
know what I've six seven eight
wait why does this when it was oh my
battery's about to die three four this
is everyone trying to remember the
dances of Miranda Miranda has the most
simple dances on earth and no one from
the right you change every time and yeah
that's strictly changes it every time
right left left you're right then and
it's right left right right
right hey guys it's the next day it is
what does it I don't know what today is
I look like I'm this is how I looked
when I was 10 I saw this morning when I
woke up I took I went to the gym with
John it was great I've got her Fitness
on and then I went take shower when I
started shaving my legs I was I put my
leg up on the wall at the of the tub I
start putting soap on myself and my leg
slipped my camera up and I put so much
soap in this I it was stinging and I
retired I quit in the water I was trying
to rinse it out still wearing my
contacts as I was at the gym or lace or
my contacts and and every time I tried
to rinse it its sting even more because
like the water was activating the soap
and so I was just burning and I had to
like get out of the shower I was halfway
done with my shower I didn't I shaved
one leg I have one leg shaved people I'm
sorry to say my contact out my eyes were
watering so I look like death it's this
one I got all puffy and it was bright
red all morning this was bright red
anyway that's my traumatic experience
traumatic experience both terrifying
anyway actually a good sack a lot but
we're at the theater now and there's
this really weird ramp see it just this
ramp it's super steep and I'm going to
film everyone
looking down it today that's my new goal
today is to make everyone go down that
it's a lot of fun I should set up stage
forget the pillow from the couch and
daily slight whole room the railing I'm
making John do it first so I got on with
you but no don't no don't go headfirst
on your feet like I did if you need me
kiss it so we're at the show and retic
and Colleen that just informed me that
she's probably going to poop her pants
so if at any moment tonight she's like
great to go tinkle as Miranda I have to
come onstage with John and we just have
to entertain the audience la colline
oops she doesn't feel good she hasn't
really felt good the past 24 hours so
you may not have to do with having to
kiss like a hundred of you out of eating
green switch kissing is no longer
allowed now but yeah left in the show
what the I know you guys won't film
you my mom's getting naked but I'm not
gonna film her okay so we are in New
Jersey we have our New York show
tomorrow at the beacon which by the way
I'm not allowed to film it's there's
literally no filming allowed at the
beacon because of the union rules and
they're about potholes anyway what am I
saying I'm in Jersey right now the bus
dropped us off here josh is here
but I didn't film that because I was
hugging him most busy you film it but I
don't know what this vlog consists of
I've been very chaotic with it and um
that's about it that's it my mom and I
this is the first time the entire tour
and I get an entire bed to myself so I'm
very excited to sleep in a bed by myself
cuz I've been sharing with either
Colleen on the bus or my mom in hotel
rooms which actually hasn't been that
bad what are you are you doing ah ah my
BAE is texting me
oh my god text my boyfriend and then go
to sleep cuz I have to wake up and go to
the theater I love you guys thanks for
watching
look cool bracelets I have do it into
the beginning
that's my bracelets on I'm out of it I
like weird upside down how are these
things I'm tired
look at I look like a person upside down
the blood is rushing to my top teeth and
it sore my what if it doesn't mean if my
teeth are sore I brush all the time I
look really I'm good but bye guys I
didn't whiten them we're talking about
my mama say where are things good night
guys are loved bye
