you
you
someone's here yet waiting all right
snapchat it - but what we do is we get
the link from my Twitter that I just
tweeted cuz otherwise it's just a whole
thing copy
why aren't you freaking copy copy thank
you
goodness gracious this how don't know
how to do oh I can't get my piece miss
no does not look good I do not watch
swipe up so many things to do oh my gosh
work paste go very annoying
attached to snap tweet not tweet stamp
done hi everybody how are you doing us
going us life it's Saturday doing a
Saturdays at Rachel's this hair is doing
its own thing just put that back down
there how's it going well look Lily gave
me this pin today says girl love on it I
said give me this new bracelet that says
girl love that's all what are you guys
doing let's see what's happening let's
let's do things
I meant to be doing homework well Laura
go do your homework
I forgot I use different creamer and
that was quite a shock the taste was not
what I was expecting
what camera do you use for to photograph
and what do you use for main channel no
mine was I use her photo as a Canon 70d
rebel not rebel 870 D Canon 70d and for
vlogs and just shooting videos I used
the Canon Powershot shot mark to
something yeah that seems right to 7:00
next mark - if you type that into
something it'll rearrange the words to
the correct order do we have a house
use the hash tag hash tag or you don't
have to you can use the hash tag if you
want I'll go back and forth do you have
a story to tell us not really I don't
have much of a story to tell today
nothing exciting happened I mean I went
over to Lily's today with Colleen and
helped them with stuff and then that was
my day we just sound I was a I have to
poop before my live stream so I went to
live strict I would tell me of a good
life you went to poop and like it was
like tiny little rabbit turds that hurt
coming out and I like pushed and push it
was just so tiny like come on what's
happening I'm still trying to get
Thanksgiving out of me I thank
come pinion on chicken fries never had
them aren't those just taken chicken
tenders oh hi Rachel what's the
strangest gift you've received from a
fan can I get a follow back sure Chantal
Chantal the strangest gift I've ever
gotten
I don't get that many strange things but
that's because people usually give a
note explaining why they sent such a
thing and then I'm like okay that makes
sense I connect the dots it's what I get
sent really large things with no
exclamation explanation explanation
English I'm a college graduate I got
good grades I still got no English Oh an
espresso machine which made this
espresso for me with like no really
information just like my mom had this Oh
what I eventually met the person that
sent it to me later and just explained
it but that was so weird I was like who
just sent me this like $300 piece of
machinery and that was it was just like
in a box then that was it and I was like
okay this is strange
and another one I got was someone who
sent me a bunch of GoPro attachments
with no explanation so when you guys
tell me what why you did it I'm not
confused you could be super random but
in your brain if it made sense to you I
understand but when I get no notes
attached that's when I'm confused and a
lot of people send stuff to me directly
from Amazon usually during Christmas
time and it's hard because you can't
really write things in your Amazon notes
so that's when I get the most confused I
get like just a handle name and I'm like
thank you thank you
like I'm thankful I just don't
understand why I got the things where's
Blais need to see him he's asleep on the
couch because I took I took him to
daycare today because I need to get
things done I took him to daycare and
Matt picked him up and they're like he
got put on several timeouts because he
got too excited
and just got he was just too excited and
we had to calm him down and we had given
multiple timeouts and I wish I was on
picked up as I would want apologize Matt
apologize but I would apologize but then
ask further like I need what what
happened I didn't know what happened and
they get aggressive did he what was a
fight break out what happened cuz I go
to a place and they send me pictures of
him all day long
pictures and videos and all day I was
getting pictures of videos and the
person was like he's having the best
time ever he's doing great
oh he can't figure out who to play with
and like pictures of him another dog but
then when Matt picked him up they're
like we put him on timeout a lot he was
too hyper today and Matt said they
didn't say like don't bring him back but
they very much replied he was a handful
and he's never done that before and I'm
very confused because he's usually and
he's never had any incidents where he's
the instigator with dog issues he's
always like a good dog and he loves
other dogs he loves playing so I don't
know if like I don't know what happened
cuz he's never had an issue at the park
he's really great and he's gone to that
daycare multiple times and there's never
been an issue so today he just was
apparently too hyper and like he got too
excited he get he played for a while
they get too excited we had for my
timeout and I was like don't I wish I'm
gonna call Monday and just act like I'm
I'm gonna apologize but I'm gonna ask
for further explanation so I can train
him out of it but he's super exhausted
so I don't know maybe he got Wallis's
hyperness out and he's been asleep on
the couch for a few hours like we went
and had dinner and he was in the same
spot we cut back so he used to play best
fiends what level are you want no I got
a new phone and I haven't downloaded any
games because they were sucking up all
of my time so I decided to just not
download any games right now and just
try and get life done work done maybe in
January when things slow down I'll
download games again but right now I'm
just chilling I don't know I don't
remember a level I'm on and I'll
reconnect when I connect it to my
facebook again but
just decided not to redownload anything
I don't need girls okay sister me -
thanks clean not just clothes - tor
how's your chin and neck good if you
didn't know my dog sounds like a
terrible person
also yeah Maddy's person he head-butted
my chin a few days ago it's still
slightly tender but definitely a lot
better and the bump is gone which is
nice but it's still tender goodbye knock
on the back of my neck is fine your
favorite DIYs you've made uh that shirt
but that sweater with the laces
definitely silver that and got so many
care wise I've done cooking stuff is
that this cooking count as a DIY cuz I
did it myself so that's a DIY cuz
remember what were they missed some more
cookies Amy oh god those were delicious
those were delicious and I say those
were my favorites what does the last
time you saw a cockroach what are the
two weeks ago after that livestream the
next day I saw one and I haven't seen
one since then so that's good mmm did
you have fun with your family on
Thanksgiving I did we just chilled we
had full we didn't just show uh but we
did it at Colleen's this year we've
never done at Colleen's and having she
has the largest kitchen in the largest
house uh a button it was so nice because
you know when you're not the cook me I'm
not the cook and if you go into the
kitchen on Thanksgiving while they're
cooking you just immediately get yelled
at to leave and so you don't get to see
any of the cooks all of Thanksgiving and
you're not allowed to enter the kitchen
ever you get screamed at
well cleans house is set up where if
you're
living room you can see the people in
the kitchen and still have a
conversation also our kitchen is
something that when you go into the
kitchen you don't get yelled at to leave
and it's awesome so we actually my mom
called me the next day and she's like
that was the most stress-free
Thanksgiving we've had because everyone
it was like everyone was there but it
wasn't super crowded and we had time to
cook because a lot of the family came
the night before in Killeen Stephanie
and my mom and Jessica we all just start
they all said we I'm not part of that
they all started cooking the night
before and like it was just so much fun
I know Christopher's family stayed too
late and it was just it was like the
most stress-free Thanksgiving we've ever
had hmm
finally this is kicking in I was tired
did you get anything on Black Friday I
did not want to do Black Friday shopping
this sure that's just seemed terrible so
I just I avoided I appointed I got your
book today Oh Abbi you glad you got my
book thank you for that Adi honest have
I ever watched veggie tales of course I
have I literally say we are the Pirates
who don't do anything the other day to
my father
cuz he said he was going to Boston and I
said in the fall and then I started
breaking out I hope most of you have
seen better till so you what I'm talking
about
I grew up on by details it was lit
actually showed my details in high
school I showed VeggieTales my mom had
it on and a bunch of my high school
friends came over and they had never
seen him before and they sat down and
they fell in love with the show as
teenagers who had never seen it before
they fell in love with VeggieTales so
it's apparently still hold up
explain the heart on your cardigan
please this is Lilly's girl love pen she
gave it to me today
hi superwoman I uh yeah come over to her
house and she gave me that and this
bracelet says girl of I think she has
snow things you can get neutral rate out
anyway this is it
it's cute but it was tingling too much
as I was talking with my hands so I'd
take it off
you know man talking to my hands oh okay
checking the hashtags now because I was
not checking was on my mentions now I'm
on the hashtag do you pronounce some
more or snore some more it's not a snore
it might be s'more but it's not a snore
some more or s'more I said some more
some more some more
you know s'more now just about like
aware debuff it's not a thing anymore
do you know what Animal Crossing is like
when an animal crosses the street then
no how'd it go with cats and blaze it
cleans my dog needs to not I love my dog
this is just a video of me bashing my
dog basically but he wants to eat those
cats and at the end of things giving us
a powder like Google how do I make a dog
like a cat and I have to like take him
over there in his crate and let the cats
come to him and him just chill out and
then give him treats when he's good
around the cats and just do his whole
thing so I have to train them it's my
fault um I just I didn't know dogs and
cats actually like they're living up to
their stereotype 100% and it's it's
making me annoyed I have to trade my dog
better this is all it means something's
fault they only know what they're
trained we did go we did Black Friday
shopping online Christie isn't that
cyber monday happening monday Cyber
Monday
that's the Monday after Black Friday
it's like all the same deals even more
just online so that's what I'm doing
because I get to be my PJs and spend all
my money and then be like dang it I
spent all my money are you ever gonna
write an autobiography probably no just
watch my videos I already your mind you
but Christmas is in a month
I have nothing done i I I have my solace
in the Christmas spirit but I have no
shopping done I barely decorated I'm not
an S I'm a mess and I apologize for it
are you gonna participate cleanse cancer
fundraiser tomorrow i am i plan on going
over for a little bit I probably can't
stay for the whole livestream but I'm
definitely go over and pop in
bring over some stuff for her to auction
off if any of you care to have any of my
crap and there you go why do Americans
have so many random holidays like what
Laura what do you mean what all of our
holidays have significance
what do you mean like Thanksgiving
that's the that's celebrating our
founding when we did the base faking
like we were all made up but it didn't
happen
big act really wow the years almost over
I know stuff right it's stupid Australia
doesn't have Black Friday
well that's because you don't have our
Thanksgiving Black Friday's like that we
give thanks for everything we have and
then we're like okay time to shop and
run people over and buy everything the
next day and so thanks Friday
significance submit both eyes on us I'm
not I don't even know what I'm on about
something didn't take anything but I'm
on it I really want to buy your merch
but I'm poor you don't need to buy it um
I mean if you want it you can have it
but don't feel like you need to support
me everyone who I was like I just put
out something early December and then I
saw everyone and the mother posted new
merch I was like now wait I mean I guess
I should it is smart I mean they're all
doing it for reasons because you guys
can get it all for Christmas but that's
that's so that's there's a lot of people
doing that Animal Crossing is a game oh
I don't do that thank you and uh for
letting me know my daughter can't love
each other I'm so jealous just because
like that I need that to happen with
guides me it's me I need to train my dog
better I can't get I mean I
but it's not his fault it's my fault
sorry I just read a horror story
basically what are you drinking a double
espresso because I have zero energy we
have like Friday's in normal but we
don't celebrate Thanksgiving I think
America just like started it I think for
like hey we're doing a bike ride and the
rest of the world was like that's a good
idea to make people spend a lot of money
let's do that too
I couldn't be completely wrong and
something else I'm just an American and
think everything revolves around America
so that's just you know I had to work by
Friday and I cried oh I am so sorry that
sucks a lot I just
retail sucks in general um so I I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm about to cook down
should I cook salmon Oh tacos fish tacos
make some fish tacos
alright go back to my mentions you guys
are just saying a bunch of random things
how old's your baby is your baby puppy
still mad you didn't come to Australia
well nothing I can do about it now Laura
favorite stranger things character
Destin obviously and 11 hello Steve good
tools using a hashtag of so much effort
okay you guys can just dimensions if you
want you don't need to do the hashtags
how's your insta theme going it's
stressful and already bored of it the
thing I'll change it when I go to Hawaii
cuz Hawaii why is it called menstruation
if it doesn't happen to men I heard a
lot of things are I don't remember how
to put it because I'm not smart like
every every word to define a woman has a
male gender thingy attached to it like
women
it ends with men woman man herself is he
hurt he the he part and every single
word to describe a woman has a male word
in it that makes sense and so it just
makes sense that something that happens
to a woman it also has men attached to
it that's just I just found what I'm
learning that being like why why is that
that why does it do that and it just
does I don't know why but a lot of words
have I want to say pronouns but that's I
don't know male the words to describe
males
in it but uh that's my English lesson
for you to guys today you're welcome
putting a backyard Sunday - dog and four
cats and my dog loves them I play with
my dog he's too he's too hyper how do
you say exit exit
I say exit egg is it exit exit exit exit
I say exit but it is exit isn't it oh
that's gracious
no I'm not just talking about animal
crossing I don't play it I'm not talking
about
I'm not downloading any games right now
I'm getting through December and then we
can download games
all you guys want me to do is try and
pronounce your names listen I can't
pronounce saying ha ha we get it it's
not going to an entire lecture me
mispronouncing names what happened to
learning Sundays you guys stopped
watching them that's what happened
also I just ran out of things to teach
you all you ever write another book if I
get around to it
bringing back wearing Sundays
it's Saturday I well you ever come to
Australia I have I've done in Australia
I'll probably do it again in life it's
fun there okay so I want to send up to
get a MacBook and I need help should I
just get a regular on the air or the pro
depends what you're using it for I'm a
MacBook Pro but I hate that they're
getting rid of every hole it's all just
the stupid one of all you get
attachments for everything why is Apple
the wars they're making me so angry why
would you do that like it's not like
they're like well you're sooo not gonna
need those things anymore
yes you do we those things aren't going
away they're just making the holes for
them go away so we have to buy
attachments so ischaemic it is to buy
more things that's making me angry
like Alina's the newest MacBook Pro and
it's like she gets so frustrated because
she literally can't even plug in her
phone charger to the computer it's so ah
man I I love my laptop I've MacBook Pro
I think I got it two three years ago
three years ago and I love it because it
has the SD card slot it has everything
all of the holes it has so many
different types of holes and I never
have to get an attachment for anything
um the air has barely any room on it and
also you need attachments for the air
because it's so small that only has like
two holes so I understand why the air
doesn't have holes because the point of
in the air is to be small and compact
and easy so he can't have a lot of holes
there but the brush the brush get out
leave I'm over it so I have zero help
for you on which at laptop you should
get because I'm angry at all of this are
you going skiing this year okay - yeah
I'm gonna go snowboarding but we're
probably gonna have to do it in January
cuz like no snows happening so we're
probably gonna just do it in the
January's and fit the where
anymore dog park stories I don't think I
happening well thing yeah I have any
today so on a kid yes can I have all
your fault art and I read that as fart
can I have all your farts that was
deeply concerns and disgusted refreshing
displaced love to cuddle you or mat more
me cuz I give them kisses on his face
have you tried your GoPro underwater yes
I do it when I go to Hawaii a GoPro
underwater girls stop talking about
holes Sydney sometimes you just gotta
talk about the holes in life okay Wow
apples aren't your friend lately it's
not any of our friends lately I'm just
the old person noticing how was
it we're not having a headphone jack
I spit okay for like a minute but I have
talk to you later trend um but I haven't
got an airplane an airplane is what I
usually use my headphones the most
because I don't like talking to anyone
around me when I'm at an airport or an
airplane so that's where the issues
gonna come in when it's when I'm flying
to Hawaii next I'm gonna be like this is
ridiculous
so that's that's that you get so mad
over Apple I'm not the only one and I
know it
try pasta or a toasted sandwich for
lunch
well to me I'm feeling more of the pasta
route but that's because it's closer to
dinnertime for me than lunch I don't
know what time you are there Matty but
if you're doing a lunch I'm gonna say
sandwich but if you're doing a dinner
I'm gonna have to go pasta that's just
how I feel in my soul how did you make
this livestream you mean how did I make
this livestream I did on thin youtubes
and then I went livestream and I said
events and I said now and then that's
the public and then I copy the link I
posted it here and I win lives that's
how you do the livestream google it
trying to HP laptop there's so much
better than the new Macs in my opinion
but I don't want to have to learn a new
editing system because I know my editing
system on a Mac I love Final Cut that's
that's that's my thing so I don't have
to get new editing program and also I
don't wanna spend money on a laptop I
don't know wherever I end up not liking
it so when I could have stuck with
something I at least knew and then like
that either so you know I hate Windows
like the computer stuff for like this an
actual house windows because I like
house windows I like being able to see
you out having sunlight that's fantastic
I love Sun the one thing I have against
winter and fall is the lack of Sun save
song right now I don't have one I don't
have a favorite song right now it's yes
I'm missing a little join my life and
that joy is being obsessed with one song
what time is it it's 655 which do you
like
chatter Instagram I like posting ugly
things on snapchat but I like looking
through Instagram more so there you go
okay everyone seems to also be hating
Apple as well so I don't feel like a
loner in this I'm glad I have some
people at my side talk about the boxing
thing behind you oh this someone said
that to me uh for Christmas last year I
believe right or my birthday someone
sent this to me for a holiday that's the
end of that Houston dude stalk us
depends on your definition of stock cuz
like sometimes I'm just going through my
Twitter feed and just like things and
someone's posted multiple times I like
that both times and runs like you're
stacking me I guess that's shocking but
I've seen your post it's kind of rare
that I go to the person's page and fully
read all of their teeth
I don't every once in a while just I go
through my timeline quite often and if I
see a person a lot then I start
recognizing them but let's talk that
often if you mean if stocking is going
to the purses page like reading
everything not that much I usually just
go through my timeline as soon as I have
time fork
cuz I follow a lot of people there's a
lot of people on my timeline we're gonna
get blaze for Christmas I haven't
decided yet I think I'm gonna build him
a food bowl dish and get him some new
clothes cuz he needs those it's 3 a.m. I
stayed awake
live-stream you're welcome go to bed
okay
it's time to go to sleep go to bed
you
do you think there's genderless glasses
cuz apparently your glasses look too
feminine i yeah i are these feminine I
don't know I think all glasses are
gender-neutral and really am i putting a
gender on glasses just there just have a
see better people's gracious just be
hopefully I helped worse there just I
helpers no I
you're a size sad with the whole thing
butterflies are very scary no nope they
are you're very much wrong about that
statement
you
hmm show your best impression of Miranda
never my cat is screaming at me for her
dinner and it's not even 4:00 p.m.
my dog does it to me you wakes up at
6:00 a.m. is like date me
time to feed me I'm like yo ho go back
to sleep and I will feed you between
7:00 and 8:00 like I do every day you do
not get dinner or breakfast an hour
early because you decide to go how's
your Fitness going it's good I took a
three-day break because of the holidays
but I'm starting up again tonight um
yeah good good you look really pretty
yesterday but not today I assume you're
talking about when I went to the Magic
Castle my dress steps thank you
do you watch college football no nope no
your snapchat stories lately have been
very incredible well thank you I try
actually I'm just stop caring how long
you live streaming for I think I only do
another like 10 15 minutes then I'm
gonna do work working a lot
hmm did you just call your dog a ho or
did you say no I fully called my dog a
ho oh it's weird having blaze without
it's oh you're saying it's we're not
having blaze near live stream the live
stream feels quiet right he has so much
energy to a live stream I'm just like
dead just me y'all are bored ajiz me ya
know it's weird without him when I'm at
the house and I dropped him off at
daycare I'm at the house it's really
weird to be at the house without him
it's strange
butterflies suck blood from humans
wonderfully so what I've never heard of
this in my entire life
butterflies suck blood do they suck
blood from humans even think they has a
lot I mean eh
you never told me how to hide alcohol in
my dorm I asked you back in March I
don't know how to hide alcohol in a dorm
I've never had a hit out with alcohol in
dortmund good alcohol in apartments but
never dorm so I have no tips for you I
don't know put it in a cereal box I
don't I shouldn't be teaching you about
a high alcohol nevermind
I forget died never say no I didn't say
anything
no one varies drinking people
dude I need blaze to fill up my silence
on reading cuz when he's here he's just
running around making noise so doesn't
sound so boring I actually went to a
butterfly house and they don't do that
they can't but they can pee on you yeah
that's it I've been to multiple
butterfly houses they don't suck your
blood they definitely pee on you though
I think people be a little more scared
of butterflies if they sucked your blood
butterflies are great stop hatin y'all
right I'm right there with you Abbi
where it's blaze sleep on the couch
what's the last text you sent and who
did you send it to uh I said what that's
so weird to my friend there you go
exciting exciting
why are you so mean - bleh as you call
him a dick and a ho well if he stopped
being them I wouldn't call him that also
he's a dog and he doesn't speak English
so if he doesn't know what I'm going
also I love him a lot and his feelings
do not get hurt when I call him those
things so you can calm down
who do you finger over
I never realized who I fangirl over
until I see them in person but I've
tried to get over all my fangirls I
don't know I mean I don't think I'm like
super into anybody right now you know
you like get obsessed with one person
for a period time and you just like
follow all their things and like look at
their stuff daily I don't have a person
like that right now I usually do right
now I don't have one
I'm reading about butterflies
I don't know they don't know no they do
not suck your blood
but if I still suck your blood
butterflies are terrified no they're not
butterflies are so innocent correct
why are people so scared of butterflies
like everyone is happy this butterfly
debate right now but if there's like a
beautiful insect I like the only insect
I might show with the fire is so mad
every good butterflies don't think what
does flutter around it'll just flutter
around y'all need to calm down
for next Rachel's room we should do a
snapchat Q&A or is that too much work
not work because I were people who open
up their snapchats to like let people
send them snaps just crashes their
snapshot and you basically they can't
ever get back into your snapchat and
turn off like don't let people send me
things and apparently it's just deaf so
I'd rather not do that I'd rather just
go on Twitter where it doesn't shut down
on me because I've heard too many horror
stories where people like I literally
just can't even get into my snapchat
anymore because it just shuts down so
that's no fun to me not at all I just
flew out of my nose you make videos I
felt lately where I had a tiny little
booger and I just ended around that's
good how do you rub your eyes so much
without smearing your makeup I doing a
side rub like right here or Musel the
lids around I also do the under right
here because I don't care about the
concealer under my eyes I got bags
either way but sometimes I literally
just do this like I stick my finger on
the top of my eyelid and just kind of
wiggle a little bit but don't do part
pressure it is super annoying
the best though is if you're like oh I
can't run but I can't run my eyes I
don't have makeup on you I'm from
Walmart that's the bus what are your
thoughts in the upcoming live-action
reboot of the Lion King from what I
heard about the cast it's gonna be
amazing
everyone's still mad about the
butterflies it Rumi's layoff butterflies
what should I do after this live stream
is over you should do that thing we keep
procrastinating on you don't want to do
it what you should probably get it done
that thinks we all have one of those
things
bugger I'll have a burger are you just
sayin booger so a lot of people think
this white thing right here is a booger
it's just my nose I have a weird nose
line up and like that's just the skin on
my nose you see that all that a lot of
times people think it's a booger that's
not have you seen their faces up close
Rachel I'm it's terrifying
why would you look at a bar fight face
up close why would you then all the
things to look at on a butterfly why are
you looking at our up-close image of the
face like look at the wings a foot
that's like picking out the other thing
on a person just stick to the beautiful
parts you're cute with glasses well
thank you I'm glad
I'm just cinema butterfly flax now now
ion is really educated on butterflies
I've had all week off for Thanksgiving
and I have no idea if I had homework or
not you should probably take someone in
your class and ask if you add homework
have you seen Justice League because you
just see it I heard it wasn't good so
I'm not I also don't see seven theaters
because it just costs too much money and
I rather watch stuff in my own house on
my couch with my TV with my dog so yeah
get there
find a butterflies I want to send you a
band for your Apple watch you can get
different colors what color each other I
don't buy me things you don't need to
find me things I don't does you're fine
you do not need to buy me anything you
just hanging out with me on the
livestream
I feel loves enough with that you don't
need to buy me anything
good do you put your phone on airplane
mode for the snapchat situation but then
people can't send me snaps what we're
talking about like switch the settings
back seems like a lot of work
I have crackers here
good good glad you have some crackers to
non-learning Sunday's butterfly edition
see I don't need to do learning Sunday's
just come to my livestream
we learn the stuff together that's just
what it is do you watch Pretty Little
Liars on Netflix I know I don't
our beards attractive because not all
men look good with hair on their face
not all men can look good without a
beard yeah I think it depends on the
face like some girls look good with
short hair and some girls look good
without me I think it's just it's just
depends on the face like Matt well
sometimes grows beard out and Mike oh
he's so cute and then he shaves it all
off Mike oh he's so cute so like I I
don't know I don't know I definitely
think it's there are some people who
shaved their face and like put it back
way back
and there's some people grow it out like
oh honey no had a friend from high
school they brought his beard to here
and he's not that kind of guy and I just
he finally trimmed it back I was like
just so it definitely depends on the
face and the type of person they are
watch how to get away with murder I
promise you loved it I saw the first
season I had I have to say I wasn't
captivated by it I wasn't super
captivated by it just wasn't my thing I
understand it's a great show and the
acting in it is phenomenal it just
wasn't my my cup of tea but I get that
it's a good show
you
are you constipated I still AM yes if
your sister is scared of Apple stickers
people are scared of a lot of things
you're right if kalenna scared of Apple
stickers people can be scared of
butterflies it's just it's true people
are weird they're scared of things I
think Apple stickers gross clean out
like the way they're so flimsy and I
think I think the feeling of them gross
her out I don't know I you know I don't
know the thing I'll ever understand it
but I will always save her from an apple
sticker just like she will always sit
between me and the person smacking their
lips
can you please name the snowman behind
you well they're not their best friends
or if they're married or they're dating
is this what a woman this seems I don't
know why but I want to say this one's a
woman and this one's a man or you know
what they could just be genderless they
don't need to have a gender there's
snowmen
I guess the men makes them no because
we've learned see the Rachel's not the
racial sort of learning Sunday we've
learned that you know the male the
female every female thing has a male and
except girl girl doesn't but that's okay
so I don't know what I'm saying what
should we name the Snowman that's what
I'm getting at why I like why let me
keep talking why does someone let me do
this why helping give me a platform
you're like here you talk as much as
what that is the run-run choice I should
not be able to I don't make sense 98% of
the time I'm just rambling I'm making
things up and a separate sometimes you
guys believe me I don't know what I'm
saying
everyone's just saying name them their
own names like the person that's saying
is name that one I want to be a good
like not that your names are good but
like original what spiritual YouTube
comments are nasty
my computer just went black
did you lose me but I hope to Joyce my
computer literally
just with black did anyone I don't know
if you saw it or not hopefully
I don't know except my computers went
black maybe I took my mouse to the end
of this that would just name one buzzy
because that's fun
alright see original original Thank You
Olivia
this one's buzzy this one is buzzy now
what's this one's name they're the same
height yes so the same height buzzy
what's that one nothing happened okay
literally my screaming black I'm glad
glad
okay but guys fuzzy and what's this
one's name
I'm not like any of these guys I'm not
liking it do a damn spree I'm just like
straight what for me guys again if you
keep sending me photos I can't really
comment on the photos that much because
you guys can't see them so I'm not
really gonna comment on photos because
it would be very just boring for
everyone else to watch what am I scared
of a lot of things Gertrude I'm good
fuzzy and Gertrude there you go it's
buzzy and Gertrude oh wait no but
someone said fuzzy
could it be buzzy and fuzzy I think I
like fuzzy and Fuzzy's better fuzzy and
Fuzzy's everybody sorry because Gertrude
says Sylvia I'm sorry but I'm going with
fuzzy I apologize love you I probably
got you excited but it's just buzzy and
buzzy that's just that's just a good
name that's a good name duo alright guys
let's make sure I want to end it on a
good number
how long have I been live streaming now
49 minutes that's good this is good am a
live stream right remember how you
sliced in like 20 minutes this is a good
live stream not a good life shouldn't
it's a good amount of time for a live
stream oh yeah back to what someone said
YouTube comments are nasty right this is
why don't over to YouTube comments cuz I
mean the people gone on my blogs and
stuff aren't the aren't ever vulgar and
they're very nice and I love to talk to
people in the comments now I talked to
me one comments all the time now but for
some reason I'm doing a live stream the
comments on YouTube are something I
don't want to read which is probably not
good at me to admit cuz it'll make
people stop commenting and I supposed to
let people comment as fairling it's like
good for my fight statistics whatever
but I'm just gonna say you better do
some weird things on those comments this
is why I can hang on a Twitter during
livestream
because it's a lot more clean I still
get the weird things every once in a
while but I don't know
okay guys I'm signing off
I love you have consensus it's no video
no do you know what I met you know in
this vlog tomorrow
vlog everyday blog every day long every
day except that dad didn't put some
things giving cuz honey I just wanna
hang out family I love you see you later
part
