and every time it rains it rains
panzram heaven she'll be too big don't
you know each cloud contains manners
from heaven should be to me you'll find
your fortune falling all of it hey guys
so it's Monday right now and we have the
day off so we are at Kings Island and we
are going to spend the day here it's
really rainy and hot and muggy my mom
loves you and it's gross and I love
California weather but we're gonna have
some fun on some roller coasters while
caline's and sandals getting her feet
wet that's good
great and John's here see welcome to
Ohio the bush keys are here first roller
coaster it's Hollywood and Highland
we're in New York not New York Wow LA I
am appalled I can't thank fun so we just
tried to go to Dinosaur Land dinosaurs
alive and it cost extra money what in
the world there's a theme park inside of
a theme park net cost more money that's
ridiculous so now we're trying to find
shorts for Jay because he's sweating
he's actually melting ID we're all
sweating so if I was going on two rides
they both suck a lot one was rickety and
one was one so now we're gonna go do
thanks bye
all right because we were all sweating
so much we decided to go into an a/c
building and the only one we could find
was this antique photographing place
don't worry put on more layers and we're
all going to be pirate men except John
he will be our Woman holidays Oh cowboy
boys I forgot what we are where we have
will is Kyra I'm adding a heat stroke oh
my god it's really hot
we have a line outside washing us so we
are the same part obviously this camera
the one flaw is that it does not focus
like I am sitting in front of it I am
moving in front of it and it just won't
focus on me it's like here's my boobs
focus there's nothing else behind it
from there
I'm just trying to get it to focus on
nothing but me I'm angry and putting the
camera down Jonathan is wearing a bib oh
I was just about to feed Polina OMG
yeah but ah it's the next day which is
Tuesday Jonathan's here he just put a
shirt on he has been shirtless for the
past hour walking around yeah kollene
snipped her arm pet smiled back I have
deodorant in that bag over there right
use well yeah somewhere in my purse hold
on I have to make people smell good so
anyway we're about to do the meet and
greet Glenn's not doing the Q&A anymore
because too many people on Twitter we're
complaining about it because apparently
she's just a statue to take a picture
with not a human being to converse with
so let's go do that
I am have a dollar I have $20 I don't
have a dollar I don't know what happened
in the ceiling of this auditorium I like
it a lot
look at this face
space I like that place Aaron up there
that's cute my mommy wash all my clothes
and so they're all nice and dry and
clean nobody stinks inning the war nope
I don't smell a milk
well John always stinks look at John
flex that bicep do you work out a girl
said oh my god you work out I said I
kind of mind marry her but no no he's 12
and a girl anyway the shows about to
start thanks mommy for doing our laundry
let's do a show high kick the show's
over we're leaving the venue but we have
a segue cop exporting a bus out of the
garage get it off the side never felt
safer in my life literally I don't know
how our bus driver drives this bus it's
massive and he's like doing 90-degree
turns and being a magician with it okay
oh there's a wall just window sleep
come on that bag right Oh our segways
over here I don't like there yes he's
locking it off oh man you're gonna do
like a sixty point turn aren't you three
points three points Oh
this product oh there's another Segway
up there we've got to Segway officers
wow I cannot believe he just maneuvered
this bus
know that girls getting on struggle if a
bus driver tells you to back up we
should back up
don't flash them gone I'm gonna show my
boobs do it do not run in front of this
bus but this mom is the best for
Brooklyn
oh my god Elmas that girl's literally
chasing good you are so insane I said
unsaved oh I'm care about your sanity I
care about your safety
that's my motto we hide okay we're
stopping halfway between Cincinnati and
Columbus because we are stopping at
Walmart
Walmart's the home of Alma
teeny I found your future child outfit I
called it a child and not it you proud
of me guys I am so excited I'm in a
Walmart I found a bunch of neat facial
wax strips now listen in LA everyone
loves to wear and everyone knows these
are the best and so you literally cannot
find them in stores unless they have
restock the shelves an hour before you
cannot find these but apparently in this
Walmart no one likes them because there
were so many of them so I'm getting
three I'm stocking up and I'm so excited
and I've also lost my crew I have no
clue where my loot cruet crew posse I've
lost them gah people are staring at me
as I block oh no I've lost everyone oh
I'm scared how do I get home we just
bought 78 beach balls
yay see we throw them out at the
beginning of the show so just know that
you got your beach ball from Walmart if
you grab one and they were really
expensive
but we only buy quality things
Oh tell them that now if Walmart wasn't
classy enough now we're stopping at
McDonald's oh wait you can't see the
golden arches Aaron is McDonald it's
seriously the drive from Cincinnati to
Columbus there are no fast-food places
that are open we've actually we called
six different Taco Bell and Wendy's and
this McDonald's there are other
McDonald's but this is the only one that
is open so all right guys I don't know
what's luck it's just it up but I'm
closing it out thanks for watching see
you guys on Friday that's the end by
anybody dedicated to all the DJ's all
over the world man waiting for the
trouble - for the bass come on - penina
let's this place in the place
