Bota been really cool the camera would
focus and we I'm weird I think it's
cause like the lighting changes that my
camera just doesn't know how to focus
ever in life everything we were at the
next venue I worked out this morning are
you guys proud of me I'm really proud of
myself I'm about to go check out the
stage and set up everything everyone
just left me to go get coffee they're
getting me coffee don't look there's a
man fishing outside fish little man fish
get your supper
ping-pong us a bar don't get bread or a
fish is that saying Federman til beep
give a man a fish he'll eat for a day
teach a man to fish in a fish all time
when he's bored as a hobby that's the
saying all right let's go suited to do
they do to do that's the theater setting
up the screen we have our own screen and
projector these shows for every show so
it's the same once we've set it up
here's my two boxes of props don't worry
there's more on the bus and the fun
my walk is kind of pretty I like it here
all right it's starting to rain splash
to coincide now I got I got a long way
to walk it up and and there's an
ambulance oh yeah okay I gotta go bye
ready for you sesh
a love song between a brother and a
sister
oh yeah last time I probably you Gobert
alright the media is starting but I had
to go to the bathroom before the
meet-and-greet
so I went to the bathroom and you see
this little lip right here this little
like hole that's happening yeah so when
I started peeing I started feeling a
splashing on my leg and it was bouncing
out of the toilet threw that onto my leg
I was peeing on myself
I paid on myself and I couldn't stop I'm
freaking out front lifts my legs but I
can't stop midstream cuz I'm going
pretty good I'm a good stream one anyway
I just started flipping out and like
screaming as I was peeing
so that's all I paid myself and I
screamed while doing it let's go to me
and great shall we
all right meeting grates over just like
presenting my mother but we're doing the
show
that was a great show I loved it
now I'm gonna go sit and actually I'm
gonna pee I need to pee it's after the
show we just looked at all the presents
you guys gave us and read the letters
and stuff and someone I tweeted
yesterday that I didn't have a stuffed
animal
this cuddle with on the road and someone
gave me this cute little cow and if
someone gave me their cow Betty the cow
who they had that they were 2 years old
my goodness I mean I love them but like
you didn't need to do that that is
looking huge till you guys are the
nicest humans in the entire world so
anyway now I have two lovely things to
cuddle on this tour and forever thank
you guys baby them
okay thanks so now I'm in Toledo it is
Sunday the last time I talked to gays is
Friday I was in Chicago all of yesterday
and I didn't film anything it was a
terrible tech I was having a really hard
time doing stuff so I just didn't pick
up my blog camera it was a good show
does great audience but I was busy so
this is first time I cook my blog camera
who ran tech here to lead us awesome
everything's good we finished up early
so I had time to sign some of my posters
let's get a look in on that face look at
that face you guys like my poster these
are new I think I made them just for the
bus tour and they're huge like they're
bigger than me also just you guys know
if you buy one of these posters take a
picture with it and post it on social
medias I see it on Instagram I'm gonna
double tap it I see it on Twitter I'm
gonna follow you on a my favorite so I
actually think I'm gonna end this vlog
his mother tronca is being closed so
let's do this thanks for watching see
you on Wednesday
and um you
and every time it rains it rains
Hannah's room heaven she'll be
