so this is the first time I picked up my
black hammer today hello everybody we
are at the venue I've seen the bus I'll
show you guys the bus later when I get
back on the bus but we're at the theater
right now we ran tech and we did the
meet-and-greet we're doing the meeting
routes before the shows now so after and
we're about to the show now you're
caught up
that's all I've done hey Christopher hey
Rachel what's up did you know that you
could buy two diamonds for just $1 no
just like that two diamonds
magic in the beginning come in Rachel
button event he's always got a trick up
his sleeve this guy
it's after the show I had to take a
shower cuz guess who put milk all over
my body and hair going out of the new
gag I like at the beginning of the show
where I end up with some milk on me they
laugh oh it was a great gag I'm not
complaining about that but I have to
take a shower or whatever we're on the
bus you guys haven't seen the bus
alright let me show you the bus this is
my mom I have kind of work on my angles
alright so this is the front of the bus
come on TV and then basically like this
is the bus let me focus suppose there's
my mother there's some couches here and
then a table my mother again and like
this is the kitchen area and then our
fridge and then this is where we sleep
this is an example Jay just got into bed
oh yeah I sleep here this is mine I'm on
the floor this is where I sleep and then
it's basically just stacks of humans and
then you walk back here and there's a
shower that we have filled with luggage
and then there's the bathroom we're not
allowed to poop in except you know
caline's got poop in it we all know that
and here's her robot lions
and they're currently working on the
show the show went fantastic we can
great better than expected but they were
it was the first show and it was
basically the practice so so sorry
Minneapolis you were a practice show so
we have to change stuff clean us to
change stuff those few things were sort
of tweaked doesn't make it better and
that's kind of how our shows have always
gone she performs a show and then tweaks
it like every single night to something
a little bit different so you never know
you're gonna get it's a live show
that's what happens so that's the bus
and that's the scoop of tonight I'll
probably tune in with you guys linking
what up turns it's the next day we're at
the new theater we drove through the
night woke up at the hotel hmm Choa Choa
what who I slept like a baby I'm out
I was super tired I didn't sleep me in a
week anyway we're at the theater right
now and we're loading in as soon as
they're done putting up the projector
screen I will be putting up the props
and whatnot so I'll show you the theater
Shane so I finished setting up the stage
this is the new stage there's a tent
over there and there's a mom and a tent
over there and there's a fire in the
middle if you could there's my camera
learned how to do camera things you
could see it anyway and we're about to
run tech the theater and eyespace stage
that's to protect me angry time me and
greets done someone got me a snapback
cheese head go Packers and now I'm
resetting the stage I mean grief
requires me to take down part of the
stage I know I'm putting it back up
being alright I've got my camp shirt on
but I have my second camp shirt for
after she sprays milk at me I changed my
shirt because this one gets drenched in
milk and this one is clean I'm going
backstage we're gonna start the show
soon I'm in a unitard
the show just ended and that is it now I
have to pack up the whole show ah
so I'm a Sun striking the stage that is
the technical term for it I don't have
to do things look uh sad the stage looks
when everything is defeated and deflated
so I'm about to go back on the bus after
this is done the bus the place where
there weren't enough beds so clean and I
have to bunk together I just explain to
everyone what has been spilled on my
body and things of mine today so these
are the liquids in which have drenched
me during the show clean spits milk at
me so I need to take a shower
automatically after the show but after
wait I'm at the hotel in order to do so
so my hair is like crusty because I've
milk in it and then right when the bus
started moving a beer that was sitting
on the counter not mine was not my phone
up here flung off and poured all over me
so my entire body smells of beer my hair
smells of soured milk then when I would
stop my mom literally this bus zero
personal space then when I was coming
back to wash the beer off of me I
realized that we have been keeping the
luggage in the shower because there's no
room on the bus like this is poor it's
really nice that's what happens when you
have as many people but when the bus had
started the luggage has shifted and hit
the shower knob so the shower was
spraying on my mother's and my luggage
so I ran in there I'm getting soaking
wet trying to turn it off and know what
was going on so I have to do all that
and then just now it's like guys let's
take the trash out we're stopped at
Wendy's let's be you know good it lets
me go I don't know the word I'm really
stupid at the moment productive yes
let's be productive me and Jay know to
pick up everything and then all of a
sudden the thing Jay is holding is
leaking like barbeque sauce marinade
everywhere he gets all over my hands so
that's it I've had milk beer water and
marinade includes day
Big Brother's playing so yeah I've had
so many things built on me today and I'm
drenched and everything and I cannot
wait till we get to our destination in
an hour so I can shower at the hotel
that's bad that's today that's my life
all right we made it to Milwaukee
quinces we're at the hotel we get one
room each night and it's the designated
shower room so clean I are just gonna
sleep in it cuz clink found out that she
can't sleep on a bus that's really good
her and I are sharing this bed tonight
you might be thinking oh that's great
good you get to sleep in a hotel instead
of the bus but there are nine people
traveling with us and every single one
of them has to take a shower and we are
in the shower room so people are just
gonna be coming in and out showering as
they may I had some people wake up at
6:00 some people wake up at 11 so we're
just gonna be woken up at all moments of
the night and day and morning so that's
all I'm gonna take a shower and really
sleep my battery's blinking minute is
charged vlog eat good night guys I love
you this is me being really exhausted I
need to take a shower and then fall
asleep and then do show room I love you
guys maybe what's gonna do with all that
junk all that junk is
