punk-ass whore fougasse that's all I
heard my entire life trying to do
homework focus Rachel focus anyway what
I don't know I'm driving descent hi guys
hello I'm driving to Santa Barbara right
now because I have to go to the dentist
because I'm pretty sure I have like six
cavities yeah yeah and I'm about to go
on bus tour so I will not have time to
go to the dentist if something that gets
really really painful so I'm doing it
now but I have to drive all the way to
Santa Barbara because I want my mommy to
go with me because I'm scared to go to
the dentist alone I am 24 years old
people and I'm scared to go to the
dentist by myself they're mean they
drill they whole place smells like
Sawbones and they drill into your teeth
and they're like oh these dudes cavity
right here let me jab it with this metal
thing so you know what I'm talking about
I don't care just fix it don't jab metal
things into it yet dick anyway I really
hate dentists look it's mommy
I am scared it's just a checkup but I
know I have cavities right here I have
you can't see focus oh yes focus haha do
you see it my mom and chicken poop on
her foot she liked it and put it in the
trash can of the bathroom and I barely
made the trash never made the bathroom
smell really bad so good job mom
sorry never at the dentist I just took
x-rays which always make me gag a lot
here's a light thing no one likes the
dentist actually I know one person who
likes the dentist that's rich whittling
dentists just came in I have three calf
at he's painful cool back here Erica you
can see that they're like black mighty
thought he should are decaying so that's
lovely I'm gonna get these two filled
today and when I come back from Buster
over this one filled yeah I just had to
get two huge shots on this side of my
face sucks a lot she has to sit on the
floor because the dentist needs the seat
we started drilling and I could feel it
so they had to get me another shot so
we're waiting for that to kick in which
i think is kicked in them right here
crystal Korean if you've been for them
too I'm back from the dentist they
filled these two teeth back here and
then I have to go back in September
after the bust where and they get get
corner filled because they couldn't do
both sides any went both fighters my
face numb handing me three shots this
it's been what like two hours and this
side my face is still completely numb
but I have to film a video with my mom
we're going to do to say anything
challenge so I just really want to put
tape all over her face it's the
stupidest challenge ever but I need a
challenge so doing that mmm yeah my face
is numb feels weird we just found the
say anything challenge and my mom
attacked me
ow like no other with the tape oh ah she
was sweating and wearing makeup so it
wouldn't stick to her but I wasn't
wearing face makeup today and I'm not
sweating and so it stuck real good to me
thanks mom
my pleasure my face is still no I'm over
at Colleen's with a lot of people and we
were building props for the show and now
for some reason we're all toasting
something with champagne except me
because I'm driving the speech speech
somebody's big hey every now and every
now and then in the year there comes a
summer and with that summer comes a camp
and with that camp comes Miranda camp
and so I pledge to thee to an amazing
Miranda camp filled with awkwardness and
hairs and uncles and red lipstick so -
Miranda can't working 12-hour days and
wearing sweatpants always and - Matt
times two and - you okay you're good
that was the weirdest champagne drinking
I've ever been a part of I mean
best toast you what if shirt mean if
you're a burrito I'm a burrito
it is a notebook reference if you're a
bird I'm a bird but I don't know meals
it's talked about remember okay I
understand that
I always try to be hip I get it why are
we why cuz I'm in pain her shoulder
hurts right there that's taken her to
care when they love making props and she
just stop everything gotta go talk to
her
very activities a good habit haven't
been vlogging because I've been working
making props for the show but she's been
trying to see a doctor for weeks to get
a cortisone shot and finally found one
today and so we had to step everything
and come to the doctor so I for first
thing we're gonna do this is you're
gonna feel little tiny poke asking just
the medicine to start nominee that's a
tiny one this is the time you feel a
little tiny piece thing little tiny poke
and a bee sting you doing okay come on
take it easy breh breathing yeah I
always forget that one to die the next
part I'm gonna go a little bit lower
down here okay little tiny bee sting
mm-hmm and I feel burning sensation like
she still say oh yeah this is all a
little bit of light you're gonna feel a
little bit more okay take a deep breath
nice for you to break me that's why I
think exactly I feel good though I don't
feel good good yes last time it happened
like a couple minutes laughter I was
like oh my god alright go a little tiny
bit deeper here okay
this is just again not me medicine maybe
staying a little bit but it shouldn't be
too bad yeah those people you wouldn't
be able to see all this so what she's
told that she's all why's it so pump
anybody she's so plain
I'm just dissipate again okay just to
make sure that I know
I am feeling fainting okay yeah that's
fine
so he has to do two shots he did one and
she passed out
so just totally fine a lot of people do
that I mean it it's fine
nothing bad is happening she also looks
naked but whatever anyway so we're
wetting front the second shot she feels
good now just be little lay down a
little bit that's all this is me heading
out this vlog I am whispering because
it's 7:00 a.m. not to sleep I'm trying
to get everything done before I leave
it's currently Monday sorry I've been
posting I haven't posted since Tuesday I
was seriously I'd wake up at it as much
as I could go to Colleen's and work on
the props in the show for like 12 hours
and then come home eat something and
fall asleep that's basically what my
life has been for the past week so I'd
like to do and I'm sorry it's gonna pet
you so you feel better currently
flogging on my phone son even or vlog he
is my life's chaotic I have to pack I
leave today and I it's I'm tired okay so
sorry thank you for tuning in love you
thank you you better make me make you
big I don't want to hurt you but I'm
about to work you
