why doesn't this camera like the bubbles
on my face
almost there and for there hey guys it's
Saturday night I got home from VidCon
late Friday night so I've been home all
day but I've been doing things I had to
go out and buy a new error laptop for
the bus tour because the one we were
running the show off of was just
quitting them expectedly and we can't
have that during a show so I win just
bought a little base-model one hopefully
that lasts us through the camp tour I've
been editing and I just filmed a
Rachel's room that's about what I've
been doing day but I want to pick up my
camera and say hey to you guys today
because I didn't want to go a day
without saying hello Oh
plot twist for the world I'm doing
fantasy football this year so you guys
might hear me talk about that so if you
don't care about it learn to care about
it because that will be spoken of me
quite often all right maybe I'll visit
later tonight or maybe you just see me
in the morning you never know with vlogs
because it's just when my brain
remembers
the homegirl
both of those to people who are just
living for that song I love it
I'm not shopping well really know what
I'm shopping for I think I want a new
purse but I'm just kind of like lazying
around it's Sunday that's supposed to do
right no I should be working
I already edited organized stuff today
thought this is my break Matt and I are
now tomorrow's playing darts drinking a
beer window at the end of the day you
want to see my awesome dark skills here
we go
yes I'm be a woman yes to be a baby yes
I be whatever that can tell me when you
win yes I be your girl forever you lady
you ain't never gotta work I'm down for
you living but believe that when you
need that I'll provide that you will
always have it I'm on deck look that's
me I got a triple 20 I just dropped in
sorry dark these might be the worst
starts I've ever played with let me
focus on it
okay tiny this little thing is Oh focus
my camera hates focusing on things he's
a really bad dog he's terrible
I'm playing a very intense pain we'll
connect for don't understand so after
playing darts Matt and I were like let's
be healthy and go get a salad so I went
to the habit because they've got a
really good grilled chicken salad and we
both got salads and I ordered balsamic
vinaigrette with it I ate the whole
thing nothing was wrong it tasted fine
and then Matt grabbed like all my stuff
to throw it away from me and he smells
the dressing he's like Rachel it smells
really bad so we talked about it well
he's totally fine we talk about it
there's nothing wrong with it tasted
delicious he goes for each oh this
smells rotten and we had like this back
and forth fight about the fact that I
thought my dressing was totally fine and
he swears it smelled disgusting I was
like you're stupid
and then about 45 minutes later I spent
an hour on the toilet I think I got food
poisoning from my salad dressing I have
like a steel stomach it takes a lot to
get my stomach to her
I basically added anything and
everything I don't care and matt has a
really weak stomach Matt no I basically
ordered the same thing or we share all
our meals and this salad is the only
thing that we didn't share
he got Thousand Island dressing and I
got balsamic so
because his stomach is totally fine and
mine is messed up and those are the only
two differences we had today with food
or even yesterday we know that it was a
salad dressing that's messing me up I
have gone to the bathroom like 16 times
Matt went to the gym without me because
I was like I probably shouldn't run or
do anything right now so I'm being lazy
and shopping online for our 21 what's up
cuz I hate the clothes I have and I do
not have the patience to go on a store
and look through racks and try things on
so I'm just kind of everything brought
to my door cuz I'm lazy
yeah anyway good god hmm who is Jack
yeah I talk to you guys later my was
getting tired of holding this up I like
to go back the band I'm dying keffe was
an ugly shot and now I'm all blurry I am
gonna just end out this vlog I don't
feel good I'm sorry I oh this is a very
short vlog but deal with it diddly much
I can do not what you eat tomorrow off
the wakeup Ehrlich's I'm going to Santa
Barbara because I have to go to the
dentist and then I'm just gonna head
back to LA cuz I still have a lot of
work to do for the camp show with
Killeen no better go No thanks for
tuning guys have you babe Kalama so I'm
spinning myself
I'm feeling a bit of myself I'm feeling
myself up no Marvel or marble and myself
I'm spinning my so I'm filling my
