right now we're at the marina sings book
signing slash meet-and-greet there's
people there's someone I was gonna sneak
into mine
nah watch Christopher's video to see me
be sneaky yeah we're just doing this now
it's 350 people we've got two hours
okay so VidCon was crazy today I just
went around with Colleen and Josh and
did a bunch of stuff Holly and I went to
assistant mode today we watched glozell
perfed that was awesome but now we're at
the convention hall of VidCon the
youtubers usually never get to like
experience to the floor of VidCon
because it's you know just not really
big that safe I guess I'm a safety
person so they shut it down so that we
can actually go and look at it so I'm
waiting fruitflan and Josh pulling got
mad at the driver today because she fan
had a gift for her and she wanted to
stop and grab it and we're like stop
stop stop and he said he's bet off and
so he looks like a douchebag she looks
like she was like feet away but really
she was wanting the gift anyway josh is
calming her down from that what she
wants to meet you guys and she's not
loud she is mad yeah but anyway I'm
gonna go jump on some jumping things
we're about to fall into a thing of
bulls that is just a weird sentence I'm
falling into a pit of balls as I do on a
regular hoe this is weird
hey I'm vlogging on race with camera
she's about to uh she's about to get in
this ball and then we're gonna roll her
towards those pins I'm terrible at
bowling
so who gets to roll you do I get to
roller that's my sister-in-law would
love to yes
he's done she doesn't want to go for the
spare
that felt like a car crash Carl's kind
of cool if I like to schools I'd like to
select drops from cleaner talking to
Shaco himself right now think about
Hawaii because you know what else did
Klein address on crowds I think I'm
gonna head home sir I'm leaving early
but next week
hey guys I made it home from VidCon it
was a wonderful experience I had a lot
of fun I got to see and meet a lot of
really cool people I got to do a lot of
cool things I got to see some of you
guys hug you take pictures with you if
you guys took a picture with me or of me
please tweet at her Instagram to me it
to me words I can speak them I really
want to see them I really like seeing
him I might give a little favorite
little doll tap I love you guys thank
you so much for tuning in and that's
about the end of this I just redid my
makeup because I just filmed Rachel's
room come on yeah I had to leave early
because I have a lot of work I have to
do before bus tour are you guys excited
for that if you're going to the bus tour
give this video a thumbs up oh my
meeting you my singing bus tour let's do
it
