so I'm at VidCon finally they're
dependable and we're running soundcheck
for Colin's main stage performance later
today yesterday I went and saw a really
super woman's show
that was amazing
it was a fun trip to unicorn Island and
again so I'm going to do put this down
so I could be plains assistant Jessica
looking on Mansley your hair is dead J's
here J does all of the filming so you
crispin I just found out that we're
hosting Molly's QA Oh
I hate that self but Chrisman I are
hosting claims QA and a half hour so
that's going to be fun
we just found out I'm up here gonna come
up here
collect up what're you doing cuz of
being a punk so we have to do that but
we're just getting questions with
twitter it'll be easy our log key Oh day
all right we just Pampas ordered my
backpack
so does just I am a ninja warrior anyway
oh we just did a Q&A on stage for an
hour Chris when I hosted it was really
fun so : did her made stage performance
with Josh and I did something with her
on it we're chilling backstage and
caline's doing a panel with Jenna who's
back there
so this is the end of VidCon day one
VidCon is complete madness the internet
doesn't work so this counts as my Friday
vlog and then tomorrow which will be
Sunday I'm going to post the second
VidCon vlog just because it con
Association splitting up into vlogs and
posting on the weekend so that Monday
you could have my Sunday look that's the
thing it's a thing I know what I'm doing
my brain I can't explain it with my
words but yes
VidCon day one was that blog and stay
tuned for tomorrow VidCon day - will you
go see Colleen as Miranda way more often
and more things happen
mm-hmm after the panel we went out to
dinner just got food relax and then I
went to a party at VidCon party but it
was so loud that you couldn't hear
anything and vlogging would be pointless
because you couldn't see anything either
it was weird but yes that's it thanks
for tuning in
