my hair has knots in it
I can't it's Monday morning so I'm gonna
make some coffee
and take a shower eventually hopefully
okay I just come here I get my coffee go
down here no no me no professional junk
it's hard to do things with the vlog get
in your hand okay
coffees being made because I'm the
barista from heaven and Iseman so okay
do you see this part on me and there's a
little I covered it up with makeup but
there was a little scratch here here and
here
yeah hung out with Jackson for about ten
minutes yesterday because he and teenie
and Simon stop by Colleen's yeah he
scratched my face I picked him up and he
straight-up just clawed me that's nice
anyway so I am at Target I'm trying to
find a camera case for my Bloggie
because I know I will break it and I
don't have to deal with sending it and
getting it fixed so unmad is playing
with music he is turning up the
speaker's here very loud
the child I can't take him anywhere
anyway I'm shopping and at the sex club
with funds and we're currently working
on new merch he's good at drawing and
makeup but I really like what he just
made yeah I do actually
I'm hopefully getting humor the next
week here's my case I bought for my
camera and then I'm going to really
fashionable and girly I'm know if you
can hear me it's really a lot of hair so
I'll see you guys back home we got back
from sushi a while ago it's Monday night
and I realized I didn't have a video for
Tuesday I still don't I could not think
of an idea
so last resort I'm getting drunk and I'm
going to work out and that will be my
video oh I don't like getting drunk I
actually hate it
I drink often I but it's like I'll have
a beer or two and I'm usually DD so like
I don't like getting drunk I hate the
feeling I hate it afterwards it's not
good for you I feel gross but it makes
for darn good video so I'm gonna do that
I hope people like it I hope it's worth
the troubles of a hangover tomorrow
they're going to have so I've been
drinking cranberry vodka and I don't
want to get fake drunk I don't like that
if I'm gonna do it I'm gonna go all out
not giving you guys 50% I give you a
hundred percent I'm gonna get drunk and
I'm gonna work out I'm gonna stretch and
I'm gonna lift things and that's what
it's going to be my arm is tired this
vlog II is heavy so I'm gonna continue
getting drunk that's my first cranberry
vodka it's like a triple shot it takes a
lot to get me drunk that's another thing
it takes a lot of alcohol to get me
drunk
I'll get tipsy quickly but the point
from tipsy to drunk is very far from
each other so yeah I'm going to turn my
living room into a studio real quick so
all right I just set up my studio I'm
nice and bright
I'm in a drink bar and then phone I said
I drink often I don't actually drink
often that was a lie I drink about may
twice a week so having about four beers
a week makes my alcohol intake not that
much just proving that a drinking is not
really my thing I'm intoxicated I hate
this feeling so much I feel that I hate
it I found my video I don't even know if
it's good because I don't know I'll find
out tomorrow
I might end up post I might I'm gonna
fill me imposing video that I make in
the morning because I hate how much it
that felt nothing made I hate this day I
know I'm gonna feel sight tomorrow like
children if you if you haven't had a
gone you're very curious on how it feels
when you drunk it's just like you don't
have controlled anything and then in the
morning you feel sick and you want to
bomb it and just diary taboo but at the
same time you're not missing it for a
while things are spinning but Matt made
me orange chicken and I ate it and I had
a lot of water
things aren't spinning anymore but I'm
very not I don't know I don't like this
I hate it I know I'm going to hit an end
tomorrow I might hate it even more the
wall feels kind of chalky like it feels
like I'm on a chalkboard
but it's normal paint I've lived here
for a year I should move out my my lease
is up a knock August the dog is but I'll
be on my bus Taurus antics but extended
a month
now get a new place that was a rough
night and a rough morning I edited the
video it took me so long to edit because
I was hungover regretfully and terribly
yeah but it took me really long time at
it I finally posted it it's gotten some
hate but I was expecting that because
I'm drunk in the video this is the first
time I've left the house all day and
it's six o'clock 6:30 you know I'm
getting Chipotle I'm finally starting to
feel better so let's eat good food
hey guys welcome to the end of this vlog
I welcome you to the end I hope you guys
liked it I'm about to go to VidCon so
make sure you keep checking cuz I'm
gonna be buggin while I'm at VidCon and
you'll see famous faces in juicy maybe
your faces and you'll see faces and
faces up faces that's a new song I've
just created it called faces um yeah so
this isn't vogue thanks guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed it and Kylie
oh and that burrito was delicious
watch a strike a pose
try to get my side
