hey guys I'm at Best Buy I'm gonna buy a
vlog e now
I found vlog II but there's no sales
associates around so I'm just gonna
raise my hand until someone comes over
here and then there's a girl staring at
me now because my hand is raised sorry
about it
Best Buy didn't have the freaking camera
they were sold out so I have to do it on
Amazon and wait a few days before I get
it but I'm so impatient I wanted now
because I'm tired of logging on my phone
stupid alright so I just did a
livestream and I bought a vlog II online
on Amazon because I freaking didn't have
it at Best Buy
I am very nice because I just drove all
the way to Colleen's and forgot my key
to her house cuz I'm a complete idiot so
I have to drive all the way back to my
apartment and get her key cuz I have to
clean her apartment before she gets back
and also Matt and I are at a barbecue
over there because we love barbecue and
we don't barbecue at my apartment so we
eat the barbecue and Michael ain't yeah
so I'm driving hollow back to my place
get her key I'm about in our place so I
made it back the Queen's got the key and
everything and I started cleaning and
guess what I found
dead cockroach it's huge you can't
really tell because there's nothing in
comparison to it but it's a massively
dead cockroach that is disgusting I
didn't know those things could die but I
found a bunch of oh my god there's two
of them
oh crap wider did cockroaches everywhere
this is disgusting oh my god I'm gonna
die there's dead cockroaches it
composted sorry that means it's like
house is like poison or something wrong
and I'm just oh my god there I'm pretty
sure I see a third under the table and
I'm stressing out about it kollene
there's something killing cockroaches in
your dining room I am stressed beyond
belief hey guys
so vlog he was supposed to come this
morning and it did but my place has a
gate and you can't get through the gate
unless I leave it open and I forgot to
leave it open last night so vlog he's
not coming till tomorrow so I'm still on
my phone but to cheer me up I decided to
make Matt take me golfing he's going to
teach me on the driving range I've only
putted in my
and I really really want to learn how to
actually play golf because I think it'd
just be funny to where there's awesome
outfits they were so I'm forcing him he
really doesn't want to if I'm forcing
him to take me golfing
backsight bike fun
tomorrow
showoff I got a vlog II guys he finally
came in the mail I woke up at 9 a.m. I
said no that's not Ellie but I've been
waking up at 12 recently too woke up at
9 a.m. and I slept on the couch well I
really didn't wake up in AI name because
I went back to sleep anyway I got up
early so I could be next to the door so
I wouldn't miss the delivery dude cuz I
wanted to get my vlog II and I got my
foggy lavanya's here um I remember I
ended the yesterday oh I went golfing I
actually did I was bad but I wasn't as
bad as I expected to be so that turned
out great
yeah and then I just you know chill at
home arrested a and edited some videos
and stuff it's Friday : comes home
tonight at 6:00 bye dad I'll see your
it's for right now I should probably do
something entertaining but I don't know
what my version of fun on a Friday night
is going to Trader Joe's got nothing to
do the weekends suck because there's too
many people out so I don't do anything
on weekends everyone watches her she
won't watch my channel so Matt and I are
currently in a fight we heard music
happening and we were in the bedroom so
we look at the blinds and we saw our
neighbor and we started creepin on her
just like staring at her and then she
caught us so he freaked out and then
Matt was like why was that open why was
that young lady I was like that lady was
old so how are you the bait about the
age old lady but now we need to get a
second look at her so I'm gonna try
sneak a peek gone.thank
she's coming over calling the cops or
something dang it I wanted to see her
anyway we got caught creeping on the
neighbor so whatever
clings back in town
which means I'm back at work just help
Colleen Phil de Miranda video and
somehow I now have soda all over me
thanks Colleen all right it's the next
day I'm back of Colleen's working you
can tell by my lack of makeup and
wardrobe change that it's not the same
day
AHA supposed to crown a bunch of stuff
and start making crafts for the camp
show but her printer broke so I had to
go out and buy her new printer so that's
basically what I've been doing all day
supposed to be working from 10:30 to
like 7:00 today it's 1:30 right now and
I haven't started a single prop I have
been fiddling with the printer and
getting lunch so you know things never
really turn out how do you expect them
to that's okay we'll get it all done
guys figure yourself out
so I've installed the printer and we're
going to see if it will actually print
what I needed to print don't done
painting that data Brent Brent my thing
I mean this is taking forever will not
be happy about this
if printed I went all the awards now I
have to learn how to use a laminator I'm
actually quite excited about this did it
I laminated it I'm the best good work
laminator
Yuda man I look like I have no hair they
have hair it's just back here I went to
the gym so my hair is pulled back I'm
going to end out this vlog I worked a
lot today for Colleen getting props
ready for the show and then Joe and
mamrie came over and she filmed some
videos with them as Miranda I was there
for like a little bit but I had to leave
to go to gym and do other things so that
was my weekend and this is the end of it
don't you love loggy okay I'm gonna
leave now thanks for watching see you
Wednesday Ming gentle
