good morning welcome to vlogmas let's
see how my Chin's doing today hmm hmm I
think the light there's a bump do you
see this bump yeah that's from my dog
cute thanks for that by the way thanks
for that guess who I woke up at 3:00
a.m. it was like oh I think I'll just
whine I'll just start whining for no
reason just whine this guy he woke up at
3:00 and then he went outside he peed
any poo and then we fell asleep on the
couch together and every half-hour he
woke up and just started whining that
was it just whines no idea why he's
whining I fed him at 7:00 but he's like
super awake and just won't stop whining
about something and then every time
there's a noise outside he's barking
like skittish today I don't know what
issue is did you have a nightmare that's
garbage
did you have a little nightmare you
don't my kid that's 10 a.m. I'm gonna
edit my blog and shower cuz I forget to
shower
hello folks I don't mean to brag or
anything but I just killed it at the
girl she stored the day before
Thanksgiving oh I'm about to get blazed
tired go to the craft store and then go
to Colleen's
and hang out with the family for a while
I don't know how late I can stay I have
a bunch of stuff to do but also my dogs
just a dick and Matt has to watch him so
I feel bad going out and playing well
Matt just has to sit the dog well I
could bring the dog to my sister's he
just be a dick because there's cats and
kids there and he wants to play with
everyone but he's not allowed to the
whole thing and here you find Colleen
using her arm that sling is working so
well
damn straight it's extremely beautiful
but like this doesn't hurt she's a child
guys mom listen listen it's only if I do
this I'm a little kitty Parker what song
do you innocent it's not a part I got a
Duncan I got a Duncan
I got a duncan hey hey hey come on you
like me smile for them or spit
that's their regular program
Oh
you look great brah quiet so Colleen
made this pie and now everyone wants it
so she's contemplating making another
pie so we can eat this one right now
didn't even make another and then and
we're separating the application you
shouldn't expect a mistake twice so you
should know she farted got blazed and I
brought it back over my mom stole em so
I think they're on a walk right now
but Stephanie and Kelleen are bacon away
and then the rest of us are not helpful
productive helpful helpful helpful
Jessica's making milk over there
so she wins this round oh you're fancy
so because I didn't want to edit on
Thanksgiving well I had a good main
channel but I didn't want to edit my
vlog I wanted to spend time with family
so I'm combining the day before
Thanksgiving and Thanksgiving all right
happy lunch dinner letter is at 2:00 and
it's 12:00 and enter and I are starving
also my dog is stressed because there's
so many children and cats and people at
the house and he can't calm down and
he's tired so I'm giving him a little
break and we're driving in the car so
we're going to talk about I'm coming to
get some salmon twist and get right for
Thanksgiving
it's literally out of focus so you do
you through your teeth babe is the best
know what to do yelling hi Same Same
Same Same Same baby
it's thanksgiving and i have to post my
video so i just finished editing the cat
is currently tormenting my dog and i
have to upload my video right now cuz
it's Thursday doesn't matter if it's
holiday videos got to go up a schedule
so schedule
Blaz I'm trying to do a dramatic shot
got a sensual when it's on the floor
make me wait I'm ready to eat and then I
grab the weight and stop I am NOT
thankful for having to wait ridiculous
real gold way Colleen wanted to be fancy
so she got plastic silverware and that
looks old
all right show the eating of the dinner
is over I plan to go vegetarian and not
vegan and eat basically everything about
the turkey and the ham I did that my dog
Oh chill out all right you pushed a fart
need to tap and I can't afford it
anyway my body did not agree with me at
all I immediately just started sweating
I got halfway through my meal and was
like oh my god I need to eat salad so I
ate sorry I started eating a salad and
then I just started sweating profusely
and I came outside to get some fresh air
and I started getting a huge migraine
and losing all of my peripheral vision I
wish I was exaggerating but I was and I
like I wasn't freaking out cuz that's
how I get migraines I've gotten a few
migraines before my head doesn't hurt
but I lose my peripheral vision and then
I still have I needed to poop
immediately and I still do I'm just
holding it I don't want to go poop but
it's a it's a whole thing
and I'm outside I was finally calmed
down enough to eat some pie this one is
gluten free and vegan and the apple pie
is not but I helped make it so I wanted
to eat it but the kids are inside doing
another performance as you just saw and
me and Andrew are watching the dog out
here now the carpet Andrews in charge at
the moment he's eating the carpet
Thanksgiving lovely but what do you do
after you eat the meal you'd spend all
morning making the meal then you eat for
20 minutes and then what you wait until
it's pie time and then one who knows
pretty much the end of the evening
everyone's left
Bailey's sitting there reading with me
well I'm not reading I'm on Facebook but
my dog is snoring with me he's snoring
you hear him right go hear it
he'll get louder as he gets more in
sleep anyway everyone was in the hot tub
and I think we're making dinner or just
reheating our turkey things Thanksgiving
meal that's what met I'm tired
I should be editing my vlog for today I
don't want to I don't I just hurt
Colleen burp and she's like three rows
away from me so we're just chilling this
is the first time my dog has slept all
day and for a puppy that's extreme he is
tired he will sleep until tomorrow
afternoon hopefully
Tipene huh heaven help me mates near me
when they scare me
happy Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
time makes me happy do you being huh
Thanks
