hey guys I'm in a car with my father hey
Matt my dad's proud of his hat because
he bought it at a gas station for $8.99
that's all you're gonna see if I'm today
if his hat we just got to the stadium
first stop food and then we'll
eventually sit down and watch the game
what food is obviously way more
important my mom just told me her wiener
is fatter than mine I don't care if I
never get back let me root root root for
the home team if they don't win it's a
shame
cause it's one oh please like you're
outta here
this hit that ice cold michelle pfeiffer
that white gold this one for them hood
girls them good girls straight
masterpieces stylin while in livin' it
up in the city got chucks on with saint
laurent got kiss myself so pretty
there we go
Oh
Oh
yeah
so as we walked in they were giving the
laundry baskets away to kids 14 and
under
let's go
we're all too busy on the practicing the
way that we did see what happened on the
fields
so whenever in filming nothing exciting
happens like semies laughing at me
because every time I turn my camera on
it's the most boring ball game have ever
seen this second I turned my camera off
something amazing happens so I think I
might keep my camera on the rest of this
time because I want the donors to win
more than I want footage of the Dodgers
playing badly so I said that and then
Matt said just fill in this batter
anyway and then this happened
I just gotten to the Dodger game and I
got home right as the mtv commercial
aired and so everyone's sending me
videos and stuff team Alyssa d1 I really
had nothing to do with me but I'm just
proud to be the leader that's about it
yeah but it was really cool to see
myself in the commercial that was
awesome um I'm gonna end up this vlog
now even though it's like 6 o'clock but
I know nothing interesting is gonna
happen and later I'm gonna forget to
close it out so I'm closing out now I
love you guys thank you for watching go
Dodgers I hope you guys saw the
commercial if you didn't well there you
go that's all ok I'm young and I'm
tatted I get the bus like I added back
in this Christian Dior I spend so much
on my fabric I got up I feel at home and
what she wants think I have it
