what's up losers
I'm at the you can you can barely see it
the 99-cent store kollene needs me to
post a video on her channel so I really
weird and I couldn't sleep last night
because I had cramps so I took my doll
and my dogs caffeine in it so I couldn't
sleep last night and I came up with this
idea at 4 a.m. and I don't know if it's
good I like I have to do a really good
video for a channel because it's kind of
promoting me so people come check out my
channel I have to come up with some epic
idea and so I'm like in my weird
insomnia state I was like oh I have an
idea I'll tell all the horrible stories
kollene has ever done to me and then
I'll get my revenge by destroying her
house what I don't know but I'm at the
99-cent store it's not actually gonna
destroy our house because I'm a decent
human being and I actually love my
sister and I don't hate her so I'm
buying stuff to replicate stuff in her
house to destroy I'm cheapskates so I'm
at the 99-cent store oh and also for my
Tuesday video I want to buy 99-cent
products and see if they work it's like
the horrible products like asking on TV
stuff but I'm gonna do it with 99-cent
stuff so yeah come with me on this
journey
does it scent basically I'm finding like
the most breakable stuff that would look
epic if I smash it with baseball bat I'm
doing pretty well so far
I think I'm overdoing it I'm just gonna
have fun destroying stuff basically
I just let shot the intro to the video
and now have to put up a bunch of
Miranda papers to tear them down because
I'm gonna act like I'm tearing down this
wall which would be a sin for sure
because you guys made those awesome
things so I'm gonna oh there's already
pictures back here have to figure out a
place to put more miranda pictures so i
can tear them down and I'm like it's
that I don't know how this videos going
to turn out guys I'm quite nervous about
especially since going on clean channels
going on mine wouldn't be that big of
deal what's going on this one so I'm
will stressed guys don't think I'm as
good drawer as you guys are so I mean
there's a little bit of contrast between
what I drew and whatever else drew but
let's just hope no one notices yeah my
hard work gone in a second
this is gonna be a weird video what do
you guys know I have set the $0.99
plates what they are in solution so I'm
going to come grab these and act like
running outside and smashing them so
well eventually back
well I made a mess tonight so now I have
to clean them up smart idea on my part
I'm not proud of all the life choices
I've made
I'm pretty proud of this one guys let's
just draw the stupidest thing ever and I
have to clean up a bunch of silly string
I really hope this stuff doesn't stain
because I put it all over my shirt
because I was afraid of getting it on
our couch oh why are we doing this
think that hurt my fat more than hurt
the gnome all right I finished filming
my video and I mean I might have to pick
up shots tomorrow I'm gonna edit it
tonight and see I really wanted to be
awesome but I don't know stupid bus not
picking up Chipotle for me and Matthew
we're gonna split up a retail because
we're really cute also we just aren't
really that hungry but we know we need
to eat hello again my little losers
today after I found the video I posted
it it seems to be getting a good
reaction I looked through the comments
for about 10 minutes and then I got
scared and I clicked off but yeah I
posted Cooling's video and she liked it
which I'll actually that's all I really
cared about was that she liked it a lot
of you guys were really freaking out
about the fact that it looks like I
smashed her plaque of her Miranda plaque
first surpassing a hundred thousand
subscribers I didn't I switched the
picture frames everything you saw me
break or smash I bought at the 99-cent
store even the tissue box
mean destroying all the tissues I bought
that at the 99-cent store I literally
put no harm on her house or her things
it was all pre bought pre-planned don't
worry yeah and also I did the $0.99
product testing thing and I put that
video out people seemed like that one
mainly because I put a really disgusting
wet face mask on and looked crazy and
creepy yeah but that's it that's this
vlog I have the vlog from what I want to
see the Dodger game with my dad and some
other people but I would see with my dad
my dad buddy will be up tomorrow I'll
post a post at Thursday even though I
don't usually post vlogs on Thursday I'm
gonna post the Thursday because I it was
Sunday that I did that my vlogs are so
out of order and so random you guys
about that I'm gonna go watch
transformers and finish editing this
video that's all I love you guys thanks
for watching
thanks for being concerned that I broke
cleans things but also you're rude and
you think I'd actually break her things
I love you thanks for watching subscribe
do i I never tell you guys so subscribe
to this channel do I you don't need to
this is just my fun channel this is just
for us guys girls people to hang out
I've learned you guys don't care about
this I was gonna go on a rant about how
I use the word guys too often but I
don't care
you don't need that it's a fact I bought
this shirt today at Costco I would show
you it but I'm not wearing a bra or sure
about her knee I
I don't fuck with you you little
stupid-ass bitch they fucking with you
you look you look
