okay so I'm supposed to go golfing this
morning but literally everyone and the
group didn't want to go in the morning
and I was the only one everyone else
wanted to sleep in so now Matt and I are
at sushi and it's apparently the best
sushi place in San Diego sushi I don't
know but I'm about to get sushi me
take that
you're beautiful
I just got to the ComicCon area where
I'm doing my thing tonight and we're
looping around cuz waiting for the
parking pass but there are some
interesting characters here there are
some people in complete makeup I mean I
knew it was gonna be ridiculous and
people gonna be full outfits but it's
still quite a shocker this is a culture
shock for me
all right so I did all my things that
I'm supposed to do with coke right now
and I was really cute and made Matt and
Rachel cans because you know we are the
definition of love but now I'm more
excited because we're at the Padre
Stadium even though I'm not a Padres fan
but I'm at a stadium which schools you
can set up here the whole time yeah I'm
good with it
and we are all going to die tonight
what is happening
not to do with them what's up it's the
next day I'm wearing a towel and I
decided to vlog this because we have to
rush and leave this hotel because it
check out um but yeah I left the thing
last night before the announcements were
made but Shh yeah and now I'm about to
pack out and leave this place but I want
to say hi to you guys before we did
that's all my never really properly in
these videos so this is my outro I don't
it's just so cuz I never know if I'm
gonna combine the next day or if this is
just gonna be the vlog but I guess
there's enough footage for one vlog so
that's just someone doing I can't
combine it with the weekend footage
anyway the fandom Awards lots of fun got
to ride on a ferris wheel but it broke
down times but hey I wasn't on I
would've broke down so I don't care I
got to go see the Padres stadium I got
to make my own coke hands I got to dance
around met some awesome people everyone
else working that was really nice the
MTV Phantom Ward's of already aired they
aired yesterday and they were Team
olicity one who really had nothing to do
with me but thank you all for thinking
you did I did a promo commercial thing
for it with coke and it was really cool
seeing my face on TV so yeah that's all
it's great opportunity things and things
alright I'm gonna now this vlog stay
tuned for more vlogs in life because I
went to Dodger game with my family today
I have to film a video I'm gonna go
sneak over to Colleen's and do it while
she's on her honeymoon and that's about
it so yeah thanks for watching
takedown call me all my blood pay me
what you owe on it
