good morning my love's it's a wonderful
day I am in San Diego still and I will
remain in San Diego for a while
meaning Friday today I'm meeting up with
my cousin Amy Matt her and I are gonna
go beer tasting kind of we're gonna make
a couple different stops which will be
fun yeah that's basically I've really
planned for today oh so I need to get up
cuz I gotta beat up with her then huh
let's make some tea
how about that that's a good way to
start the day right a couple guys been
wondering what this is cuz Instagram it
a few times and you know my Instagram
post don't really explain much what it
is unless you click on the links so it's
a tea that I've been drinking it's 28
day detox things called fit tea I'll put
a link down below if you guys wanna
check it out I haven't really been into
tea ever and I was like I want to get
into tea I think I tweeted that like a
month ago so I researched it and I
wanted to do this tea like fat-burning
stuff and it like boosts your immune
system and like does a bunch body weight
things and it's just like how healthy
and fit is hint the name so I just
decided to check that out Oh blend of
the Apes in the background I was like if
I'm gonna freakin drink a tea I want to
taxi like really really good for me so
yeah that's what I've been drinking and
I'm into it I'm about drinking right now
and that always steals it from me so I'm
not gonna be able to do the full 28 day
detox on it because Matt keeps dealing
it's been more like an 18 day detox
right so our first stop of the day is
balance point
I picked up me
meaning she'd met me yep and we got
place she's gonna be really entertaining
in this vlog here a little I am next to
it there look so level did you get a
prize yeah alright stop number two
there's a lot more things here
third stop ales nut I'm back at my hotel
I actually I didn't drink that much at
all um I was the DD I'm really healthy
and good and smart I'm about to drink
some caffeine and then go back over to
Amy Amy for those of you don't know
Amy's my cousin um she and I spend like
every summer together growing up oh it's
really good lighting here
I think you guys really can see my Pig
as well but anyway um I'm going over a
barbecue and we're gonna hang out with
people in a barbecue at her place but I
came back to my place um just to chill
for a little bit because sometimes I
needed that sometimes I need a moment to
myself and also some better hair all
right so I did Amy's a barbecue thing it
was a lot of fun and man I got back to
the hotel and it's like midnight right
now we're like let's sort of
room-service we wanted a little bit of
salad or something so I ordered a Caesar
salad cuz that's usually always the safe
thing so when you think of a Caesar
salad I know exactly what you're
picturing you're picturing pieces of
lettuce and in some grilled chicken on
top and some parmesan sprinkled on that
I doubt you were thinking of this
witch's pieces of bread great cool lots
of bread
chunks of lettuce with some chicken down
here at the bottom what is this this is
a lot of chicken Caesar salad they like
didn't want to do any of the work so
they just clumped every time whatever I
don't care
goodbye hey so I wasn't adding this vlog
I it was a little short so I decided to
throw in some footage from a barbecue
that we had and then also when I went
over to Christopher's do the two are
challenged so I just had some random
clips you guys might want to see him so
here they are
we're doing a barbecue at my sister's
house everyone's here and so let's get
happiness because barbecues are the best
news
really what you're looking at
sleeping on a box might be a magical box
that has a weird design on it looks like
a pizza every good Killeen has created
her own store for children want to
trench your video too much you know and
what Christopher's house on my way to
Santa Barbara I stopped by cuz I'm gonna
do the toe art challenge with him but he
needed to give himself a pedicure before
he found school self conscious of his
toesies little man hey yeah I could get
it all good got those cuticle polish but
that all pink black sock on yeah these
my mom was okay Fran dude I just woke up
from his nap it was a good nap yeah it
was great nap yes so we have to take
care of you and film videos because
that's how awesome we are yeah say you
are awesome Aunt Rachel yeah there you
go good job buddy alright so see on this
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it um this
weekend I will be posting vlogs from
well what is it today it will be it's
Thursday so you'll see that on Saturday
I think and yeah or Sunday on Monday who
knows what happens stay tuned because
today I have to go to the TV animal
awards and then Duff and I think I'm
also golfing today I think that's like
what's happening
I don't know so just make sure watch and
see this'll be guys
