I'm logged in forever and it's because I
was doing wedding stuff and I didn't
vlog during that because I was with my
family and I know you guys really
disappointing cuz you want to see those
vlogs but I didn't do it because I was
being a maid of honor and I was not
being a business person so I'm sorry I'm
actually not so great at all but Matt
and I sorry I showed you can I show you
is that allowed No
so Matt and I are surviving to San Diego
right now because I'm doing a thing with
MTV and coca-cola to do this thing for
arrow you guys will see behind behind
the scenes footage
yes we're driving to San Diego and we're
gonna be there for five days it's Monday
and I leave Friday so that's going to be
a lot of fun so I figured I'd blog I
think Ricky Dillon is going to be there
which would be really cool cuz it's
always nice to know someone you're on
the set and anyway so let's do things
I'm gonna be driving for the next two
hours so here's some driving footage
guys matt is stressing me out he told me
we had enough gas we were totally fine
and now I find out that we're in two
bars and we're in the middle of the five
and there's no place to stop and we're
all gonna die and he said it was blown
up and we only have one bottle of water
speed breakdown we're gonna die of
thirst
couldn't get back in the hole you're
evil she's so mean to me we're going to
die
you're also speeding a lot we've got to
San Diego and the first thing we did is
get fish tacos and some sashimi that's
it I can't point when I'm looking at the
camera goodbye
we're at the gym at the hotel but it got
temporary temporarily relocated to a
conference room so it's not a gym at all
but Matt nyeon people in here so that's
my favorite kind of workout but we
haven't worked out in really long time
so I've done one rep of triceps and I'm
already tired so the gym is over and we
are now at Stone what is this place
called stone world Bistro brewery it's
the only way I convinced Matt to come to
Santa San Diego with me as I take adult
breweries down here and it's pretty
relaxing and it's pretty legit here's a
look around
hey it's 6:20 a.m. and I have a 6:45
call time let's go to work alright so
I'm at the set place for the filming I'm
gonna be on this boat oh good dude this
boat over here I'm gonna be partying and
be like follow me team olicity but I
don't say anything and then people
follow me I don't know really what's
happening but I know I have to change my
shirt because this is apparently Pepsi
color and I'm representing coke I had to
be here at 6:45 I got here at 6:35
because I'm a boss and we're not
shooting to like 9:00 so I'm just
chillin they always do this it's always
a really super early call time and you
don't do anything for like three hours
it's really great I love it alright I
just filmed my part well I'm in two
scenes I just filled my first scene I
had to hold the coke bottle up in the
air like this for an hour straight my
shoulder is so sore and I've learned a
lot of things about coke commercials you
know how they always looks ice-cold it's
just they spray it with some water sorry
I had to spill the beans on that so my
hand is nice and wet and cold it's like
I think 65 degrees out right now yeah it
was a lot of fun everyone set was super
super nice and I think that's what
to shoot so great or so easy or like you
just even look good is when everyone's
like super positive and happy and like
everyone was super awesome so that's all
I'm gonna go grab some free coffee I'm
about wow this is my team Alyssa tea
this is my squad they're so into it
I'm so happy to exist all right I'm done
filming I watched some guy get arrested
I drink a lot of Coca Cola like a lot
and then I just got back hotel and Matt
and I are going to lunch know where
we're going I'm exhausted I woke up at
5:30 and then I could work and I had to
act happy exhausting so I'm with my
cousin Amy hey you might recognize her
from the wedding stuff or really old
videos I've done in the past we used to
do them with her every week summer peony
whenever you thought it was kami it was
actually me yeah pretty much
but as she just taught us to this really
cool beer place where you get to like
pour your own beers and everything's on
tap we gave us a wristband and that's
how they charge you I'm very overwhelmed
I think Matt is - he is researching here
frantically and I'm gonna drink tonight
you did not know the form here this is
do or playing trivia at this bar and
we're losing terribly but we're teen
baller we got the food / business one
correct the numbers correct randomly but
everything else we've gotten wrong now
we're at Bayside landing which am Amy
works at one day a week but we're about
to play and I just want to watch them
try and pull it over you're ruining the
grass
Amy to work here oh my son
there's no way you lost look how a
turtle do the creek and do the creek you
wanna make a tee
I don't into this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it and yeah stay tuned because I
have more days in San Diego which means
word adventures which means more things
for you to watch my eyes are blinking a
lot and I'm sorry for it I just drink
some double shot espresso haha cool oh
you guys bye haha you hi I'm John
Morrison this is good and you feel
