so Christmas post vlog yesterday and I
did not but hey what's up but I found
old footage from when I went to San
Francisco like a few months ago I think
and I filmed an entire vlog and just
never posted it so here's that vlog from
when Colleen had some NorCal shows and
we went up there a whole fam BAM and we
had some fun in San Francisco so this is
that footage I hope you guys enjoy good
morning it is a day that is a day and we
are in San Francisco being annoying
tourists we are gonna go get breakfast
with the fam BAM and right now we're
just doing touristy things and then we
have a show later tonight so boom and
your face we got some jacket I'm too
sexy for my love too sexy for my love
loves going to leave with the fam BAM
now we all mash are you excited you are
way more excited on the ground
it's lunch time for a bubble gum shrimp
so I got coconut shrimp with mainly
heart on a OSA and it's filled with old
games from the 20s and 30s but they're
not games they're just like here's the
thing watch people die
thanks for the quarter friend another
predictions because that's what you want
to pay money to hear your grandmother
telling you what's gonna happen this
stuff is so creepy
Oh
zoo say that's the type of system that
you're worthless you're scary and
worthless yes not at me when I say that
to you yes
but it's go into this machine
going got me a quarter and I gotta hold
family
all the machines here this is the one
that would have been that is not the one
that chopping on heads or hanging people
or ladies do important things the Yellow
Submarine a yellow submarine me what
about me I started seeing yellow
submarine anon same with me oh no I'm
interested in the actual summer I
thought you said no one's interest ok
the touristy fun this is over and we're
backstage and we're in our get up for
the beginning of the show and I'm gonna
nail the dance today guys I'm gonna nail
it
did Parker poop poop or is it poop in
your pants yeah
there's poop in your pants yes captain
unicorn oh I can smell you change it
alright that's it for today i will post
a vlog on monday which would be full of
happiness and love and things or anger
who knows what's gonna happen
alright love you guys thanks for tuning
in bye
