okay guys his vlogs a little different
than most I filmed a little bit like
everyday the past week and I'm going to
put it all together it's kind of a recap
of the past week so here we go I found
this old footage of when I went to an
event with Colleen and she did the red
carpet and then she had a talk to a
puppet and on Thursday I went to my
friends Pauline monks radio / TV show
that was a lot of fun and then
immediately after that I went with
Colleen to todrick halls show
that's amazing that boy can sing and
Friday I was supposed to be vlogging and
the only thing I vlog was a car crash I
saw I don't know why I'm thinking
accident happened this is fun
and try to go around I guess oh yeah
cops have people stopped oh that was
weird there was no accident but the cops
were blocking off the street maybe was
there trying to find somebody oh this is
fun except I'm not a part of it anymore
so no longer fun I just did lunch with
my mom Colleen Josh my cousin Andrew I
did not film it because I was more
intrigued with them than my camera we
know if there was an accident
that sucks there it is like everyone's
good that's a good thing that's good
Saturday went to a panty cookie party at
Jessica's house for Colleen's wedding we
all made cookies and plate with panties
but really I just hung out with
Christopher
sunday was Father's Day I spent the
whole day with my dad doing yard work at
one point we went to Andrew's hockey
game I don't wanna hurt you but I'm
about to work you watch your mouth drop
really ow Andrew was a boss he scored
all the points for his team and they won
Monday we had a huge barbecue at my
parents house and the backyard and that
was a lot of fun the most important part
was that Jackson and Parker got to
reunite
real night
and sugar this one
and yes sir it's Tuesday and I didn't
film anything because I had to film my
Tuesday video for my main channel and
now it's Wednesday I'm gonna start doing
the three vlogs a week thing when I go
Monday Wednesday Friday I need to get
back on that schedule or else I won't
vlog I'm really back so I'm back to
Monday Wednesday Friday starting now
this is Wednesday so there you go I love
you guys thanks for tuning in it'll be
more normal from now on it won't be a
weekly recap because that's shipping you
out of all the stuff that happened in
between and I apologize
love you guys thanks for watching bye
