good morning or whenever you're watching
this I don't know I am on my way to
exchange currency the money that we made
on merch in Norway I have that cash and
I need to change it to American money
because I can't spend the collegian
Kroners here that's just silly
no so I'm gonna do that and I'm gonna
try and drug Matt tonight you know i
drugged my boyfriend on a daily now he
can't sleep at night he has this thing
where it's like I'm like okay it's
bedtime and I make him cuddle me so I
can fall asleep at like 11 I fall asleep
and then it you know 8 a.m. I wake up
he's wide awake still Mike didn't you
not sleep he's like no and then he takes
like a little nap problem like 8th or
9th like 1 or 2 and then he wakes up so
I think I'm gonna drugged him tonight so
I have to go to Target and get a bunch
of like melatonin and sleeping stuff and
I'm just gonna you know slip it to him
without him knowing cuz he has to stay
in work I think it's he's like the
medication doesn't work on me but I
think it's when he takes that he's like
expecting to get tired immediately and
he's so focused on it that he's stressed
out about it and he can't sleep so if I
think if I sneak the drugs into his
system he won't know and he'll just just
kind of fall into it Dadda I could get
him really really drunk you know you
know oh my gosh kill me I just went to
the currency exchange place and was
there for and hour because this is how
the girl counted everything 1 2
a hunter number 1 2 3
four five six
I said six right seven eight nine ten
ten oh my god I wanted to punch her in
her face like I can sing accounting it I
see it I know what's happening
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten is a lot freaking fast and
efficient and you don't lose track like
she had to recount
I'm not joking she recounted everything
twelve times I almost shot her I did
that's an exaggeration really really
rude but I don't get away someone whose
job is counting money and counting and
doing things such as that was so bad and
slow at counting when you'd handle money
a lot you know that 250 is equal one
hundred and five 20s equal a hundred so
you can count that you can go one two
three four five with the 20s and we all
know it equals 100 you can state that
before I don't know I'm just I'm a mess
I couldn't handle it I couldn't handle
it now I need to go to the bank it's
stupid hey guys so I'm home clearly um
Captain Obvious here don't you love in
your pockets do this it makes you look
really fashionable okay okay so quest
sent me this box and inside of it were
two different protein powders and then
inside also was a letter behind thanks
for participating in our campaign and
like all the stuff I never signed up for
any campaign but I'm just gonna accept
the powder hot dogs out I've never tried
it and it says you can just basically
add it to water and it'll taste good so
I'm gonna try it and I'll let you guys
know if it tastes like crap or not Matt
usually puts our protein powder in
smoothies and makes delicious smoothies
for me but um I want to try this where's
my water that's all
over here I'll get back to what I
haven't set up they sent me salted
caramel the other ones banana cream and
Load knows I'm never gonna eat that cuz
I do not like banana things hopefully
Matt likes that but I'm gonna try the
caramel one I've been starring for like
three minutes and I can't get the chunks
on the top to go away it's that I could
just think that what water why is it so
difficult because my ice cubes on it
that will solve nothing but it'll make
it colder I'm gonna regret this set but
I wanted to taste it I wanted to try it
it tastes like vanilla and caramel face
the only problem is that it's warm I'm
gonna cool this up that I got put in the
freezer for a second it was just too
warm going to get tacos and probably see
Jurassic world because anymore but I was
just thinking about it and it would suck
to be a bug like everyone just hates you
and spiders want to eat you
it's that's probably like the worst
thing to be his bug I I hate them I
would hate me these have been the
thoughtful thoughts of Rachel I'm
currently playing the fine math game cuz
I'm in a mall and someone came up and
took a picture of me she was really nice
and but whatever that happens whenever
someone recognizes me with Matt around
he literally runs away because he's very
shy and now I'm no clue where he went
not a clue I'm just from circling around
trying to find him found him all the way
guys I've lost my hat again really
anyway something magical has happened
four years I've been in love with Ross
just my whole life I've been in love
with Ross not from friends but the store
Ross Dress for Less and everyone is
always made fun of me because they think
is just cheap clothes but no they had so
much stuff you can buy at Ross like
every time is Christmas time I come to
freakin Ross and Matt I just forced him
to come in here with me
and he just fell in love with Ross and
I'm so excited and I'm gonna make him
buy everything in the store because I'm
very excited I want this I want this I
want this I want this I want this I want
this I want this I want this I do not
want this or this this is ugly this
looks like mama do you think I've cut
out this morning
sup turds so I stopped filming the rest
of the neck so I wouldn't saw Jurassic
world and it was great yes this is here
it got really big it just means my
period is coming that's all it's just a
little indicator it's a little red light
that happens on my face it's like hey
Rachel mourning periods about to happen
greens about to happen that's all it's a
friend it's it's a warrant
my alarm went off my phone I have no
clue what I was saying anyway yeah I saw
Jurassic world and I loved it but
seriously when are humans gonna realize
and it's not okay to make dinosaurs and
put humans with them the dinosaurs are
always going to overtake the island it
happens in all the movies so that so
yeah Jurassic world was amazing I loved
it I need to go back to Universal
Studios so I can ride the ride so that's
about it all right I love you guys
thanks for watching and bye
see me up in the club up it the level
girls will sit in the back down my Banga
my girl Brooklyn room with my sit alone
never part here
