sup I'm logged in a while so here it is
a few days ago I went to a party event
thing with Colleen as her assistant and
things happened like her talking to a
puppet and then yesterday I went to a
wedding dress fitting with her and today
I'm just running errands I need to go to
the mall I need to get some new Nikes
because mine are painful and so let's go
do there and things the things that we
do that our errands could buy alright
I'm at the mall with Matt and we're
shopping
I got a salad for lunch and it was
delicious sometimes a salad is so
refreshing and delicious and then 40
minutes later I'm like I need a burger
anyway um we're shopping for Nikes cuz
as I said earlier minor a piece of crap
because I've worn them for four year
straight but I decided to walk into
William Sonoma because everything here
is really pretty and I want to touch
everything and just own everything but
then I would go bankrupt after for
purchases give it to me I really just
don't like the Nikes that are out right
now and I just can't stray to another
brand except Nike but I just don't I
don't like the guy one really this is
sad guys I'll just get the LeBrons they
suit me so perfectly I blend in with all
the other basketball fighters I saw your
penis the other night when you adjust it
yourself on national television I was
gonna say - did any of you guys see that
but I know none of you watch sports but
yeah LeBron showed his penis to the
world the other day what wasn't that
impressive we're trying to make
rollerblades cool again I'm actually
kind of jealous if I had an open space
play with him I probably want to get
them so we're at Brookstone and I found
something and Matt doesn't believe it
works but I think it's worth trying but
he doesn't think he's worth trying
seems don't like spending money it's
this and basically it's this metal thing
let me get it
one-handed work it's difficult it's this
you freeze it mm-hmm and then you stick
it in a warm beer bottle and it'll make
it cold and keep it cold from the first
sip to the last sip Matt doesn't believe
it works I think it would work and I
just want to try it funny because we
always buy beer usually when you buy
like a good craft beer it's warm when
you purchase it and then it takes
forever to get cold and you want to
consume it right when you get it because
we're impatient human beings but we
can't because it's frickin warm still so
I think that would be a perfect solution
to the problem and Matt doesn't believe
me and he won't let me buy it men update
I'm on it all right Locker
 Walker
all right Foot Locker just totally
failed me with shoes so I'm trying
Sports Authority no I said it like that
I truly just cannot find shoes that I
like I found shoes at one store but they
didn't have any in a 10 so I'm just at a
sports store trying to cheer myself up
here's some golf clubs he knows how to
play golf but he won't teach me rude I'm
back looking more stupid shoes dude
don't even know how to fall Stu I came
in
I guess it's the next morning after the
mall I went to the gym and had food
that's about it but now I
it's 10:30 a.m. it's Sunday and I'm
trying to order new Nikes online I
figure that's the best way to go
I was customizing it and things and I
picked things and I think those are the
ones I want but I don't know opposite on
it it takes me a while to make decision
with shoes I don't often buy shoes but
when I do it's a big deal I'm especially
when they're you know 100 bucks that is
so stupid it's so stupid that shoes are
so expensive but we need them and that's
why jack up the price that's all I'm
gonna close out this vlog I hope you
guys liked it I don't a lot of people
probably searching for LeBrons penis
after I said that thing it's really not
that amazing of a clip that's it for now
let's you guys soon have you BAE it's
our party we can it's a it's our party
we want we can kiss you
