the running sound check right now I
haven't picked up my phone or my camera
since we left the hotel it's the show
we're doing the show right now and I
literally felt nothing today I suck he
was so excited out of his mouth I just
got back to the hotel I am exhausted
it's 10:30 at night and look how light
it is outside what in the Watts all
right it's the next day I fell asleep
very quickly we got back to the hotel
after going through presents we gotta go
see some that they built that was
supposed to be really epic but then they
put too much stuff on it and it sank
right when it sailed off so we're gonna
go see that thing
well that's a ship and it sank so we're
at a burger joint
it's called Lily's it's called Lily's
burger and it's supposed to be like the
best burger and all of Stockholm I'm
about to try the good one the burger
wasn't it I've had better
it was fine so now we're at the place
where they used to behead people I think
they're probably like in the middle area
thinks they won't have to watch it's
pretty exciting
all right so that was Old Town which was
cute and fun but now we're going to an
amusement park
I just went on that
this is a unisex bathroom and this is a
great theater great staff everything's
perfect but to get from the stage the
dressing room this is how many flights
of stairs I have to go
I do that about 20 times yesterday how
about the same today we finished the
show and now we got these soloist
McDonald's it's ever existed we try to
go through the drive-thru and this
happened
there's it for the only abandoned
McDonald's in the world this wouldn't
happen in marca that's just wanna go in
the front door massacred and slaughtered
I'll kick all our asses off the dead
people and now we're you ordered and
it's been about 10 minutes we're just
waiting
it's like abandoned there's two workers
it's a lot of fun that we're driving 40
minutes from the venue to a hotel next
to the airport so at the wake up at 5
a.m. to catch a flight no we be at the
airport at five hey guys sorry it took
me forever to post this video but we had
so much fun in Oslo Amsterdam Android
and Stockholm they were amazing places
but I'm home now I've been home for a
couple days it's been lovely being home
and it was lovely being there so yeah
now I'm just gonna film randomly things
I do during the day while in my hometown
which is the place of California okay
yep laughs you guys thanks for watching
bye
