morning it's the most beautiful time of
year lights fill the streets spreading
so much to you I should be playing in
the winter snow but imma be under the
mistletoe it's 9:15 and I am on my way
to the mall to get my phone fix I have
to be there by 10:00 listen the most
annoying part about all of this well the
technical part important but not the
worst why was I was trying to say boring
what's happening maybe it's because he's
blogs i roaring these blogs i can't
speak
these are vlogs am i 50 what is wrong
with me let's not get into that anyway
the Apple store next to me is it open
it's under construction and so I have to
go to a mall 30 minutes away too it's
like that's why though the weight is so
long it's the only Apple store for like
an hour I don't want to go like into the
heart of Los Angeles so there's no
parking and all that stuff so I have to
go this one it's the worst yeah I said
it I said the worst this time but the
traffic is so bad right now that I have
to take side streets the whole way so
it's taking me 30 minutes to get there
it's a whole thing
I was hoping maybe my phone would
magically work this morning it didn't
and my camera's about to die and I
didn't bring a spare battery why am I
having the worst two days ever
I'm with the birthday girl
oh no there may be it's really birthday
right there she is
I don't think I have know I did all my
battery died guys I caved and got that
iPhone eight I hate it
look gluten-free corn bread we our
weight is quaking on her boobs so while
we're at the grocery store I got the
food my family Martinelli's egos boost
us we're shopping for Thanksgiving on
Colin's birthday that's what she wanted
to do for her birthday so anyway I got
the iPhone X because it would have
costed 130 bucks just for them to see
what was wrong with my phone and I was
like this is a six come on no burners
got the eight did I say X I should not
buy an X but I got the eight and now I'm
shopping with Colleen and Cora
that's all and I'm doing they were at
the present tomorrow cuz I didn't get
around to it today because I'm the worst
sister EVER I know it's not a it's not a
thing it's a thing I don't even know
what that means you'll understand when
you get a turtle is the second person
I've seen today besides Cory and it's
like 6 p.m. no I mean my family friends
I spent the whole day at the hospital
but I haven't seen any with my Oh cuz
she's being a good person
Red Lobster what are you talking about
Miranda room just surrounded by beauty
and grace but we ate dinner and caline's
about to work and then that's it
what a birthday what a sister I am we're
celebrating tomorrow anyway that's all
she just got a new lens and I'm very
jealous about it don't you get to an age
and you're like wait it looks great
anyway what I was gonna say is you get
to the age where you just buy yourself
what you want for your birthday
it's just a birthday present to yourself
cuz you know no one else is gonna get it
for you I need to get myself a new
camera lens so I'm home from Coleen's I
cried again today not for emotional
reasons for physical pain reasons so
this guy who looks so peaceful and so
not hyper when I disturb your slumber
sorry he got very very hyper and started
running around in circles and going
crazy the footwear he needed to calm
down or he was gonna hurt something so I
have a very patient way of calming him
down and I was calming him down and I
bent down right as he jumped up he
jumped up oh he wasn't trying to bite me
he just just jumping jumped full source
and head-butted me my head whip
back this is so sore it's gonna I'm
gonna have a huge bruise from already of
a bump and look at Oh focus you better
focus on me you better focus on me
look at this bump I have this is so
bruised and my head whipped back right
when he did it just boom I had whipped
back the back of my neck and head is so
swords throbbing and my chin is bruised
and this is just a bump and it is this
is it this coz is the lack of sleep zits
I'm getting right now but my dog
head-butted me
now he's just snoring about it my fault
I didn't take him to the PA RK today and
I only had him took him on a 30-minute
wal K so he has a lot of extra energy I
just started crying
cuz it hurts so bad I don't remember the
last time I cried from pain but it's
like I got punched in the jaw basically
by a 60-pound pit bull jumping full
force at full hyperness anyway Oh died
my neck hurts though tell you that much
so back on my head back of my neck
snoring oh and another thing
when I was I started sobbing from pain
started barking at me cuz he didn't like
that I was crying wait he consoled me
dude way to consult me also that's from
him and another dog running into each
other full force face to face he needs
to stop running into people in things
and dogs by the way wasn't my phone and
I'm mad that it exists not happy about
it doesn't want to get it but I've got
it that's all I have to say about that
mm-hm hot solos my neck stupid dog
