hey friends it's a new day we are still
in Amsterdam and we're gonna go check
out or try to check out the Anne Frank
museum and a ban Frank house I'm very
uneducated and we're also gonna do some
museums today let's go meet up with
everyone except Lee because he's being a
butthole he's doing work instead of
playing I don't know why playing was
coats anyway let's go zero byte so we
just got the fan Frank house with a line
is about mile long it looks like it's
got a light but if I bout words to get
in we have a show today so we can't
stand at lines we're really sad about it
so we're trying to figure out what else
to do today so in the red-light district
and it is strange it's a very
interesting thing to be in NC
now we'll go up to her tits no way that
this is possible to work oh okay it's a
mannequin and it took the time to put
pubic hair on the mannequin
yes yes they did it on my face please
stop I had enough I'm full I'm not
opening my house well I get to check a
sex museum off a list of things I've
never wanted to do
sorry parents the box all the music and
the alright now we're going up to the
tower
this is really different events than our
last one just the way the room to
breathe yeah any a beautiful Queens you
rabbit I'm the dancer brings about it I
read I got it
radical change and I can't
laughs I shut down late night around bad
I got a mannequin yeah so we just went
to the van Gogh Museum but I wasn't
allowed to film anything we're done
exploring for the day we actually to go
to sound check it's four o'clock shows
it at 8:00 tonight 8:15 ish yeah so
we're gonna do sound check and the show
and stuff today it's been a lot of fun
my feet hurt and that's the sign of a
really good fucking day because that
means we did stuff and I really like
Amsterdam it's really gorgeous and
entertaining and weird and not weird
like just a fascinating here I love it
it's got to the theater and by we I mean
me and Lee kollene is not here yet
I just ran tank and I went great and now
it's time to eat some food currently
doing the show it's going well this is
the end of this look it's the next day I
forgot to close it out so that's the end
thanks bye
what would you do if
