just realize that she has not taken a
single picture while in Norway so
clearly likes going to the north hair
yes but not this trip because we're here
for all of 22 hours so this is her
picture and your iPhone 5 is working
great everything like literally Apple
pushes a button that makes your iPhone
stop working once they make a new one
that's always been my thing
okay sorry Amsterdam now and we're just
gonna take a look around and have some
fun I was running errands for Colleen
she got me a sandwich just a little one
though
this is a classic dish from from chef in
that time we just received our first
Michelin star
we um wanted to give you the same
experience we have a combination of fats
are made at least it starts from this
area and we serve it with oyster the
cream of the four souffle is crispy
potato
this is a Dutch Dutch Milka
it's from from the from the area here
and the nice thing about the meet is the
murmuring of fat as you can see yeah
yeah that's great
we try it to meet for six to eight weeks
and we're gonna prepare it understand we
we hit the stones up in the oven for to
140 degrees put some olive oil on it and
powder of triumph mushrooms and spices
guys I just had the most amazing meal
and experience that I've ever had in my
entire life we went to a restaurant I
don't know it's called
and we had this just I don't know how
many courses but we had it it was like
more than ten different courses and
every course had a different wine that
was paired with it and each food was
something that I have never tasted
before in my entire life it was so
amazing like everything I've put my
mouth I was in awe I couldn't compare it
to anything else
it was flavors that I've never
experienced like for the past year I've
been so bored with food like I love food
but it's so it's but I've been bored
with it I was like they need to create
new food and I went to a restaurant that
made food and art and creativity and it
was it was science who's so freakin cool
so I loved it and I was amazed by it was
it was great I'm Amsterdam is great I
really like Amsterdam tomorrow we have a
show and we're gonna explore a little in
the morning I'm gonna go we're gonna try
and go to the anne frank house and a
couple of museums before sound check
hopefully we can but yeah that's my day
today thank you guys so much for
watching I love you you're insecure
don't know what for
