so last vlog I promised you guys I vlog
every day
once I was in Norway guess where I'm not
Norway
yesterday I woke up at 5:45 5:30 to get
on a flight to Newark and from there I
was gonna fly to Oslo and we were
supposed to land in Oslo have a day of
fun and next day I have the show
well we landed in Newark and our flight
to Oslo got canceled I then proceeded to
stand in a three-hour line to get help
on getting a new flight out and then
they weren't giving out Hotel vouchers
it was just hot mess then we went to go
claim our bags nope not a thing you
can't do that that's illegal apparently
I had to come back this morning I woke
up at 8:00 came back to get our bags and
it's a 5-2 said 3 to 5 hour wait to get
our bags our flight we have to board our
flight in five hours this has been a
really great trip to Norway except I
haven't even been there yet don't be
hurt be the trash cans instead they're
neat guys do you don't have new trash
cans nearly don't starving we need to
feed them don't beat the birds feed the
trash cans alright so I went back to the
hotel and laid down for like 10 minutes
because I got five hours sleep last
night
actually less think four and then I
before that I did the same thing because
I was like uh international flights you
can't sleep so you can sleep on them
anyway I'm back at the airport waiting
for the luggage look at all none of it's
mine this is just luggage like ten
flights got cancelled this is a luggage
of ten flights worth peoples stop yeah
so I'm here our flight doesn't take off
till 5 to 5 but it's now one o'clock two
o'clock what time is it it's one o'clock
and we're here this early in hopes of
finding our bags before we fly to Oslo
cuz we don't I got a show if we don't
have bags we have a show it would be a
stool and kollene won't even ever brand
outfit it'll be fun
I have been making friends with all the
workers in hopes that one of them would
help me out and I think I got someone to
help me out he took my claim tickets to
the back to say people find the bag he's
searching through the luggage to find
mine I I'm so excited
and then Colleen just texted me and said
because we have an hour left to wait and
then we have we'd have to get our flight
but Colleen tweeted United and they
switched us because all you guys just
blew up the United Twitter feed and so
they had to pay attention to Colleen and
so yeah they got us on another flight
that leaves at 8:00 as direct because we
were gonna have to stop in Amsterdam if
we stop an Amsterdam those tramps that
our luggage will get lost and we'd get
to Oslo around like 1:00 p.m. and our we
have to be at Tech by 3 so this way we
get a direct flight no way to baggage
get lost once I forget get it I don't
even know what I'm gonna get it so I
have a long time to wait then we'd get
to Norway at like 9:45 AMS we have like
a few hours to breathe before we have to
do sound check and a show it's really
stressful it's looking out for which is
very nice we got the lid it we got that
a good we got the luggage cuz I bribed a
worker money they say can buy happiness
but it can buy your luggage oh my god
Bres Coldstone expose lien is a child
getting her ice cream it she ordered
three toppings couldn't decide which
bull she wanted to bed I got to time she
spent the extra money
she was no cut there's no cutting
corners becomes ice cream back at the
airport this is my fourth time all of
these announcements are killing me oh
well we got a direct flight I think I
told you guys that earlier anyway this
is my fourth time to Newark Airport in
the past 24 hours we had a eight o'clock
flight and it was was support at 7:00
it's 7:40 and I just said we might take
off at 9:00
we don't know so we're delayed see ya
whore delayed I don't think we're ever
gonna make it I don't think we're ever
gonna make it to Oslo I think we're just
gonna have to go to Amsterdam that's
just the final fact of a life but I did
get the luggage and it's on somewhere
don't know where anymore
but I found that it doesn't matter if I
can't get show I have a present for all
of you stop it stop by popular demand
I'm a little tough and acidification
made it to Norway I am struggling to
exist I'm very very very tired and we
all are is gelling and setting in but we
set up for the show we ran tech the
shirts didn't get here and emerge didn't
get you so that was the only downfall
Matt everything's running pretty
smoothly
I have to go steam clean stress so then
it's sent wrinkly for the show cuz of
course she bought a new dress for the
show here it is some would do that I
really hope I don't fall asleep while
running the show tonight oh well
alright guys we did the show in Oslo
Norway and it was awesome everyone here
is always so nice like if that's one
thing I remember about Norway Oslo it's
always that it's very clean here and
everyone here is very very nice and
gorgeous oh yeah we did the show it was
great meeting what great I got back we
went through presents and then I just
fell asleep at 12:30 I was out I had
been awake for I think 34 hours straight
and I was tired so yeah I just went fell
asleep sound the next day and I'm ending
this vlog so I can start tomorrow's vlog
and you guys so much for watching I love
you I will be posting early now it was
just very difficult to vlog edit and
post when I was trying to get to Norway
it was difficult anyway I got it now
we're good no you guys bye guess who do
miss me honestly just like a sensin
singing the car
