hey guys haven't logged in a couple of
days so I'm gonna vlog I'm getting ready
from Norway today we leave on Sunday
right now it is Thursday so I'm gonna
run there and stay and do things so
y'all can join me in my adventures on
boringness just did something really
stupid and watch a bunch of scratchers I
bought about eight dollars worth of
scratchers so let's see if I win things
I didn't win anything on this one this
one was stupid you're stupid
you're bad do you like my stretch marks
yeah that's right I have stretch marks
on my thighs for all those girls out
there who have stretch marks and
embarrassed by them they happened to
more girls than you think I won I won
haha
I won money well not women go get it all
I do is we win no matter what so I ended
up winning 65 bucks I'd bought eight
dollars worth of scratchers and I won
sixty-five dollars so I decided to let
it ride and I just bought lottery
tickets so let's see you guys have to
check and see if I won it's this one
this one and this one in an hour I'll
forget that I bought these so you guys
check and see if I won for me because I
won't ever check so I didn't want it to
lose you guys because I just I felt
stupid buying another scratcher but I
just want another five dollars I spent
three dollars on the scratcher I just
want another five this is actually my
lucky day who knows those lottery
tickets might actually win me Millions
yeah now I just have to go back to the
store I didn't scratch it at the start I
was like there's no chance that three of
my four lottery tickets my scratchers
that I bought today it would be winners
and that it is it is yeah okay bye I
just found out that Bay is coming home
Matt's coming up he's been out of town
and I doubt you guys know I haven't been
vlogging I talked about it once on
Twitter I think anyway doesn't matter
he's been out of town for a week and a
half now he had to go back to his
hometown and make t-shirts his dad and
him on a t-shirt it's the thing it
doesn't matter but he's been gone and we
were worried that he wouldn't be able to
make it back before I went to Norway so
he's coming back tonight so we can spend
two days together and then I leave the
country that's just normal that's your
life
whenever I'm really glad I could see in
them before I leave for nine days eight
days
nine eight mmm
math not very good at it right now it's
workout time I'm not going to the gym
I'm just doing it at my house cuz just
ABS today and I can do that better at my
house and at the gym at the gym I have
to wait for machines and I don't really
use machines from doing ABS I just use
the floor and some ways my ass really
thing pointing inverse cameras a sinks
weird I can try to say mirrors but
angles kept coming out all I do is we
win oh so I was over cleans earlier and
I hung out Parker here's cute footage of
him yeah who's there yeah now no oh yeah
Emily's holding out his shoulder he
doesn't have your hands it's ringing
answer not on the phone right here so
when I was over here I demanded that
Colleen made me apple pie in eight hours
later boom she made me apple pie this is
what a winner looks like people that all
I do is we we win no matter what
anyway whoever thought that pouring out
the juice from a bean cam would be
painful she is hurt again all right
that's it for this vlog just so you guys
know I'll be vlogging every day from
this vlog till I get back from
Scandinavia which is on the 8th or
something like that so you guys get up
like a week and a half of vlogging from
me every day I don't know if you like
that or not but you gotta get it
you care I mean you can just not watch
that up watch them I love you guys
thanks for watching bye all I do is win
no matter what got money on my mind
every time I myself up in the building
