hey everybody I'm in the ER I woke up
with severe abdominal pains and upper
tummy right here and see how my abs are
really defined it's because I've had a
workout this morning a massive cramping
and wanting to kill myself
yeah so I'm at the ER it comes like
every two to ten minutes and lasts for
about 30 seconds I've just it's like
there's an alien inside of me who's just
trying to rip out of my stomach as hard
as possible and it lasts for 30 seconds
and then once it goes away I'm in like
my body is exhausted because how painful
it was and for like a minute I'm just
like in tears and wanting to vomit yeah
my mom is here mommy to the rescue
always and she came for Josh's to Josh's
shadows show that's at 8 o'clock what
time is it now 3:30 to 2:30 uh but yeah
they're gonna do some blood War II oh
it's 3:45 we're really smart they're
gonna do some blood work and a chest
x-ray
I have no clue what it is it's really
weird I've never had it before
what are you thinking his mommy I don't
know get it out of there get the alien
out of my telling me I don't think is
that serious
but the worst case scenario is a
gallstone and I have to have surgery
best case scenario is they're like it's
a bunch of gas like Oh neat but that's a
update I just had blood drawn I have an
IV in me uh I had to get an ultrasound
and then I just got an EKG done and now
I'm gonna go get a chest x-ray I also
had to pee in a cup
and peeing in the cup was a little
amusing because I had this in my arm so
I don't really like using the arm that
has an IV in it and I also had an IV
attached to me so guess who had to come
in the bathroom and help me pee me mama
I'll thank you Oh my mom definitely had
to help me piece it was lovely
I'm pretty sure she touched some urine
gotta love you MA x-ray time let's go
that's bad from my house to Bombay
three then I didn't really do much
the doctor just came in and told me that
I have a dilated billary something is
blocking some stuff some sludge is
blocking some pathways I told you not to
eat that sludge I just uh Jeter it's not
my intestines it's like in between the
liver and the gallbladder I don't know
they said all my levels are fine so
they're just gonna give me pain meds
like I'm leaving I don't know I thought
I don't know how to fix it she's I just
I go to your primary care doctor over my
waffles
tomorrow
I can't kiss you
yeah
yes I did end up at a trampoline park 24
hours after I was in the hospital but uh
the doctor said I was good enough to go
to Six Flags Magic Mountain which meant
I was good enough to go to a trampoline
park I guess I guess I cleared if I
could go to Six patch of my Scranton
doctor but I left
I'm feeling better there's less pain I
just kind of feel bad the trampoline
park didn't art it the doctor said I
just have to get better by diet my diets
pretty good normally so I guess I just
like kind of cut out soda it's change it
a little bit that's about it uh so
thanks for watching guys thanks for all
of your love and support while I was in
the hospital hopefully I don't end up
going back it's a waiting game really it
said it could get worse it could get
better we just don't know I just have to
wait it out for the next few days
so I feel like I'm fine I feel like I'm
good so it's all good again thank you
guys I love you thanks for tuning in bye
hey yes they updated ty
