I guess what we're doing today we aren't
the Pixar Animation Studios look the
lamb
there's the lamb and the toys in the
wall in the ball and the lamp and
Christopher being the life that's good
right there make sure the demonstration
buddy the full families here they wanted
Colleen and people to come and we're
doing things so let's do them
and it's amazing here there's like
secret compartments and places and
wounds everywhere and we've been in a
love lounge we've been in the lucky
seven what happens in the lounge
so we just got to see the screening of
inside out and out was an amazing movie
was fantastic it's coming out soon it
was so good it was under makeup it
should go good there were a little bit
of tears but it was so funny and just
like I'm amazed by it I just walked into
my dream world of toys
you got friend in me you've got friend
with Lulu it's lunchtime and we're at
the coolest table ever there's toys and
cars inside the table what do you think
no words can explain lunch is over and
now we're going to draw and learn how to
do storyboard and stuff and animation
I'm the worst drawer in the world but
I'm excited
I drew anger I did it I drew something
Bailey
that looks pretty angry is it Angry
you've ever seen spongebob then never
mind
my dad just showed up and he is so
excited he has meetings out here and he
wasn't able to come to earlier to the
earlier tour so I didn't think is gonna
be able to come at all but he just drove
here and sat outside in the parking lot
waiting for us to be like okay fine you
can come in all right that's ended this
video I had so much fun at Pixar I loved
the movie inside out it was so good I
suggest you guys see it when it comes
out and like June or something it's what
our Cooling's anniversary's is when it
comes out so I'm sure you all know what
day that is except they have like six
anniversaries I just looked into a light
bulb
okay I'm gonna sleep um we're gonna go
explore San Francisco tomorrow even
though we've already explored it in life
but it's always fun to act like a
tourist and then we will show tomorrow
so yeah
remember tune in love you guys thanks
for watching you guys are awesome thanks
for existing
