good morning a group of us are going to
Sacramento now Sacramento our state's
capital of arnold's was sweatin mega
Judith green she did something of Santa
Barbara Bruce Willis Santa Barbara oh
she's just this person Cameron Wow we're
very smart planted in Sacramento it was
the shortest fight of my life they
literally had to me my coke and then
within 30 seconds they were like okay
when you pick up all the guy waits for
landing so I got one sip of soda was
very instead about him but very happy
because was such a short flight we just
got to our hotel in Stockton it's weird
hotel that is connected to like dorms so
the whole place has a dorm feel like
there's a ping-pong table in the grass
below and my mom never got to live in a
dorm room because she's got married like
right after high school and so this is
like her dream come true I'm living in
the dorm baby party I went to a
Christian University there was no
partying when I went to school we're all
backstage before the show starts and
we're all in really cool outfits because
there's a new part of the show
cuz Cory's here we're doing a new dance
thing and I'm really excited about it
and my mom's even doing it but her and I
do not know the dance at all
skip you're really fun and my dad showed
up I'll teach the dance oh good go for
it I got a second fans out I got a
second man's out I got a second info
Craner just at the mean green dancing
out franken oh I do best
haha I'm gorgeous and damn I need you
all to meet superhero Corey
the power of Asian haha it's bedtime for
us we have to wake up in the my mom I'm
sharing a room with my mommy tonight
your Nicky my mom I'll cover it up what
do you want me to cover it up with a
blankie you want a blankie blankie and
my bomb make your butt look smaller
anyways in the night but before I sleep
I just want to tell you I just want
they're all my facebook photos so
stalking other people I was like I
wonder what they see when they go to my
page so I went through it and I realized
that I've gone to so many amazing places
and done so many ridiculously cool
things and met such by awesome human
beings and I just like I was like oh
I've done great things I didn't even
realize it cuz I just like kind of lived
life I'm like this is my life I do it
I'm here this day I'm there that say oh
I did that I finally like stopped and
thought about it I was like kind of
blown away but all the amazing things
I've gotten to do and it's because of
you guys and my sister but like you guys
that we get to live this ridiculously
awesome life and so I wanted to say
thanks and also thanks to my sister
because she lets me tag along I got
something in my eyeball it's not tear it
was a booger but yeah I was gonna tweet
about it but then I couldn't form it
into that many characters so I just
decided to vlog about it instead
life was good and I'm happy and I'm
thankful for it so yeah I just wanted to
say that yeah we're going to bed
tomorrow we have our day off but we're
doing some shoot thing for clean I don't
know I don't think I get to show it in
this vlog I be the vlog that I felt the
steak thing i get at does it I'll
explain it tomorrow cuz right now I
don't want to don't laugh at me
don't laugh at me I think we're a little
tired I know
no oh by the way the intro dance the new
intro thing we danced too worth it and I
definitely messed up the choreography
did you um I don't think I did any steps
correctly well but I had fun I had a lot
of fun I was sassy the whole time
hopefully on Saturday and nail it
yeah you guys see the show film the
beginning and take lots of pictures
because I want to see it because I can't
see it I'm on the stage doing it okay
this is two and a half minutes of
footage good night bye give it to me
