Hey good morning it's our last day in
Hawaii we are flying home today and I'm
very very very sad about it I do not
want to leave using our trips on a wire
about two weeks long this one was only
five and a half days so this is it's I I
haven't spent enough time here this is
my favorite place to go it's my favorite
vacation spot and I'm so sad that I have
to leave it wasn't long enough I could
stay here for another like three weeks
and find amazing things to do every day
I am going over to snorkel Bob's right
now to drop off Matson my snorkel gear
and the boogie board we rented because
went snorkeling yesterday even though it
was kind of a bust I'm so glad we did it
cuz we tried but I know next time I come
which will be this year at some point I
don't know if a lot tell you guys I'm
not trying to keep secrets I just don't
know what I'm a lot of sex it's not my
thing
that aside yeah I know to take a snorkel
boat out to somewhere next time usually
when we stay by Blackrock we go there
but we didn't stay by Blackrock this
time we stayed at Four Seasons anyway
mmm so I'm doing that and I let Mac
sleep better than wake him up I think
I'm gonna meet up with the girls for
breakfast back at the hotel and then
just lay by the pool for other hour pack
up and leave I don't want to go home I
don't want to go back to work I like
just vlogging every day as my work I
don't wanna do anything else I'm so hard
for me awesome eye rash is a little bit
better do see my rash is a little bit
better yes Shay was really bad in
today's he's kind of fine it's still
there it hurts everything but I'm okay
oh these guys are checking out this car
are they gonna steal it
got you on camera if you're planning on
stealing it they don't know who am I
talking to you I'm leaving bye
just packed up I'm very sad I did
breakfast as the girls went right pool
and I came back and Matt and I packed up
a room and now I'm just waiting for the
girls I have this a good bite of why
back in LA I hate it it sucks our much
rather be in Hawaii but I'm actually on
my way to Urgent Care because my rash is
still itching to crap out of me and it's
been like three days and it's just not
going away so I'm going to Urgent Care
so hopefully they can give me some cream
or shot or medicine or something to make
this livable coz it's killing me anyway
yeah so go from Hawaii to Urgent Care I
just got stuck in a room oh it hurts so
bad I'm just waiting for the doctor to
come in look at gorgeous view it's like
I'm back in Hawaii and I don't miss it
at all except I do update I'm getting a
shot they're going to just shoot me up
with steroids and then I get a
prescription of steroids I'm going to
have so many steroids every only reason
I ditched you in the first place cuz you
did not seem mad pissed off
sit back home to relax a fat grandma six
pack kick back while I kick bags yeah
Dre sick track Parker grey to get back
one of his something wig whack I got the
same exact tattoo throwing mix back I'm
listening
it's got a shot in my butt it's the shot
didn't hurt but now it's super sore awk
oh I gave up a limb so you guys you saw
some part of my booty cheek I hope you
enjoyed that sorry if you're scared of
needles I'll do it okay I'll put a
warning before this is me reminding
myself put a warning before that you're
scared of needles skip ahead Oh God my
butt is so sore and then now they gave
me a prescription to take steroids to
take six two points today
five tomorrow for the next day through
the next day tapers off but they said
that the discards can give me huge
bursts of energy
mm or increase my appetite or make me
really moody so that all sounds like
great happiness and I'm really excited
for I just realized that target does
prescriptions so well I'm waiting right
for my prescription to be filled
I can shop at Target and get Starbucks
this rash has turned into a really
positive thing here guys so I just had
lunch with Colleen the Chipotle
then when I got back to her place I
realized that I left my wallet at
Chipotle so luckily someone turned it in
there were a nice person so that's good
not that go back to Chipotle and
freaking get my wallet I've never done
something like that today my brain is
elsewhere it's still on vacation mode
when I'm supposed to be in work mode but
the steroids that the doctor gave me are
supposed to make me very very hyper and
hopefully I'll get a lot of work done
once I take those steroids which will be
after I get a glass of water because I
ain't dry swelling no pills anymore
honey that's it for this vlog things I
got
