hey I'm really sad right now my favorite
thing to do in Hawaii is snorkel
I love seeing all the colorful fish but
that's been too windy and I woke up at
6:30 to hopefully be able to snorkel now
but they won't went to me because
they're like usually like the waters
calm right now but it's too crazy so
they won't rent me snorkel gear so I
can't go out and we could rig here and
go to a different Beach that's less
windy but the girls want to do a lei
making class at 9:00 so we wouldn't be
able to do that I'm sad I really wanted
to sort go out here we're leaving
tomorrow morning so that sucks
but I'm gonna get some coffee everyone
went back to sleep because it's 7:00
a.m. so I might just walk around look at
some stuff you can join me
all right so that's decided to get up
and now we are at la puros a beach in
which we can snorkel cuz it's like
protected from the wind and stuff so
screw you not other snorkel places what
I don't know I'm gonna go snorkel I
stole coins GoPro so hopefully I can get
some cool footage leggo
we're back from snorkeling we just got
back to the car um how's my ranch doing
I broke out in a rash this morning all
wrong my neck at my face anyway it's not
clean
um it was super it's like just lava rock
here we are it's like just lava rock all
the way out and coral and it oh it since
I was a kid it's always stressed me out
to swim this far away from rock it's
just like all the way unless you go so
far that you can barely see the shore
and since Matt and I are the only two
people basically out here there's some
old people on the shore we were kind of
scared to go all the way out which is
safe of us not cowardly because I said
so
anyway so we have fun we saw a lot of
fish i GoPro it a little bit of it but
now we're just gonna go back to our
beach where it's nice and sandy and
we're gonna play with a skip ball that
we got and we rented a boogie board so
we're gonna play with that so that
should be fun okay let's go we're back
at the Cabana and clean us to film over
and a video I'm waiting for kool-aid in
Heather and Matt oh that's their bromine
for cleaning headaches we'll cover just
reminds dinner with this net nasty
freakin rash on me look at that it's so
freakin itchy I took a pin I took two
benadryl and I'm drinking a 5-hour
energy so that it reverses the sleepy
process and I put cortisone cream all
over it I tried aloe I tried not putting
anything on it I tried all these things
but I've just got this nasty rash that
it's just starting from here and it's
just taking her face and it's all the
way up to here and it's I'm just it's
really brilliant unpleasant I'm very sad
about it it's okay though I mean it's
getting worse
oh well we just stayed at moments fish
house here's the food it was delicious
you're beautiful you're beautiful
yeah beautiful now Colleen wants a
picture by the beach because it's
freakin gorgeous mama lives there and
we're gonna take a couple pictures in
the RINO get shave ice because I haven't
had it yet and I really really want it
my rash is I think feeling better maybe
looks no it doesn't look that much
better but hey whatever so I'm currently
at the hot tub and you can't see me
because lights but a really beautiful
sunset just happened here's some footage
it was gorgeous I'm trying to find the
best one there anyway yeah it was an
awesome sunset that was an awesome
dinner and we're gonna have a second
dinner in like about an hour because our
first dinner was at 4 p.m. because it's
the only time with you get reservations
at Mama's fish house so so yeah we're
gonna do the second our second dinner
sorry I keep moving out of the boat in a
minute I mean in a minute an hour but
yeah that's all I'm pathetic
my rash was itching so bad that I had to
get a bag of ice to make it feel better
I'm so lame I feel just don't hit me
with doors so mean so mean I wasn't
standing I was walking through it he's
trying to murder me when I'm already
down he's kicking me when I'm down and
wounded wound
