all right so I was out running errands
and then my phone just stopped working
like I looked at it and there was like
color bars on the side and I was like oh
okay well and so I tried to restart it
and now it just won't turn on so I have
to run home tell that my phone doesn't
work and that I'm going to the Apple
store I guess I have to get a new phone
like I hate apples so much I hate it I
hate it I know I should probably get
something else but just everything the
Apple they have all these other little
things that are so good I'm angry I'm
wearing a beanie because I just don't
want to wash my hair have fun on my car
with gas and then I'm going to the mall
my just nightmare I hate going to places
there's so much dog hair you can't see
it you know I've no see it on the camera
so much dog hair on my door he doesn't
even sit the front anymore anyway I
found just won't turn on just about head
a complete in total Butthead I'm trying
holding down both buttons I've tried all
the little tricks and Apple has been
trying to force me to get a new phone
for years and I just won't do it I'm
like you can make my phone as slow as
you want you can randomly close apps all
day long you can make my battery power
lasts a half hour
I'm not upgrade I see you Apple I see
you you're like ha what about if you
just can't even see the screen what if
it doesn't turn off guess what I'm again
just a 6 again not gonna make me get
frickin X or whatever
okay I'm off to the mall I also have to
get Cory and Colleen's birthday presents
and got pants for Matt because he's
always freezing and he won't get some
pants for himself so I'm getting
sweatpants for him because I'm a nice
little girlfriend
so I know how to get to the mall I know
how to get everywhere in LA but I always
use my GPS to show me the fastest route
because there's 60 ways to get to every
place and there's always an accident
somewhere so you always look up the
fastest route so I just hit traffic and
I was like oh I'll look up on the GPS a
faster route no can't do it cuz the
phone doesn't work Apple it's a
three-hour wait time for someone to look
at my phone I'm just so annoyed with
this I'm like genuinely frustrated I
don't get frustrated that often and I
used to get angry Allah and I don't get
angry anymore
but I can feel it happening inside me
where I'm like your product sucks
you're the reason where I'm homeless at
the moment and you know like well we can
text you if we get a sooner way time I
was like I can't receive text I know
like oh right
yeah actually take a four hour waiting
on a three hour early I like just how's
my mom texting me right now cause my
phone watch working what's happening I
laugh I was angry I shopped a little bit
and then I went back to the Apple store
I can you make me an appointment for
tomorrow morning because my watch works
which means my phone is on but I just
can't see the screen they were like
there aren't any books appointments like
you can't book an appointment until
Friday and it is currently Monday and I
was i laughs for the guys like yeah it's
a little bit ridiculous like the second
guy the first one I talked to was like
get annoying kind of snob that you're
like screw you you're making me more
angry and the second guy I talked to was
super chill super nice being like yeah
this stupid like Apple sucks like he
wishes you know he makes you feel not
crazy anyway he told me just come when
they open at 10:00 a.m. and that is the
best way to get your phone looked at I
wouldn't like one I was like okay one
o'clock people are still working we're
still in school no I'm just gonna be
phoneless it's fine I have computers in
my watch like I can still text into call
I just can't do Twitter or a snapchat or
Instagram you know my job I have really
chapped lips but I also just spit I
wonder if you saw yeah I really bad
chapped lips right now but army
chapsticks I put lipstick on but I feel
like I look weird because I'm not
wearing any makeup lip stuff lipstick
okay that's my dilemma good bye bye why
is it 84 degrees
why they're in next to me just start me
as I screamed that but I made about 84
degrees at the end of November what is
happening I'm wearing a baby I'm wearing
a shirt
cuz I am no off anyway I'm just
angry about today's it's just an
annoying day about 4 hours sleep last
night I'm so much to do it oh my god oh
good night I'm just having a bad day I'm
having
I'm just having a bad day so come here I
love you ok so the thing is on Thursday
I was like you know what I should do
haha I love you I love you is plan ahead
and get my videos ready for next week
this weekend cuz I got a lot of stuff
coming up stays giving please birthday
Juanjo why I was like I'm gonna start
pre filming everything
so Thursday night I
all the stuff on Amazon to do an Amazon
trending products video and there was
some pretty funny cool thing that I was
like cool so I ordered it prime today
shipping having it showed up on Saturday
I'm all over the place about five things
for my video and I bought a bunch of
Christmas presents for the video things
showed up and nothing else and they did
that thing it said it got delivered at
3:44 on Saturday to the mail room I
don't have a mail room so I don't know
what they're talking about
and there's no notice no nothing left on
my door so like okay whatever I'll do my
video with the four products I waited
around today like I'm just gonna wait
and see if it shows up on Monday and
then I'll do the I'll do it on Monday
so I know I know I got mad at him
earlier so he's saying sorry well you
ate a hole in my couch so now there's a
hole in my couch I'm very upset about it
anyway I sit down to film and I start
filming with just the four products
let's like I can do four it's not as
entertaining it rather than five but
I'll do the four and then I realized
that one of the product you need a phone
a working phone to use my god it's like
a camera product that you put on your
phone look good I'll just do it with
three products and today is Monday so my
video has to go tomorrow the one of the
products you have to wait 24 hours to
see the results okay that video can't be
shot until I get a working phone I have
24 hours in between alright film it and
what it needs to be posted and it's just
a mess so I was just angry I was in the
middle of filming it but video a video
has to go tomorrow so I'm just gonna do
a Rachel's room I was gonna do a Rangers
room for Thursday but I'm just switching
it to tomorrow so just I had the whole
thing set up I he's being a brat today
he's literally ate a hole on my couch
over there my phone Apple people are
just annoying
I could totally normally handle this I
just haven't been any sleep so I have no
energy he's being super hyper today
because I didn't have time to do more
than just the PA RK with him it's a bad
day for me it's just a bad day look set
I'm mainly upset at freaking Amazon and
Apple two companies in which I normally
love I hate men Hugh really got my neck
buddy you really scratch my neck I know
you're trying to apologize you're being
a dick earlier I forgive you but you
scratch my neck let's just I can today
be over actually can I have ten more
hours of the day please okay Rachel
friend okay film to Rachel's room I feel
better I have a full-on
meltdown in the backyard cuz blaze I
talk to you guys and then I was talking
to you guys Apple was DMing me being
like let's help you with your phone and
I was like great
and then they literally like did you try
turning it on and off again
that's about as helpful as they got I
was like oh my god like did you know you
could schedule an appointment at your
local Apple Store I'm like you guys shut
your face and then I went outside to see
what my dog was doing and he was knee
deep or I don't know dogs don't have
knees but he was mid leg deep and some
mud for the third time today so just
done I was done Mike couldn't figure out
my video my phone's not working my dogs
being a dick now just I don't have sleep
and I just sat on the ground and cried
for a minute
oh I haven't cried in a very long time
but I was just like a bit overly
emotional I'm just tired and literally
if I don't get enough sleep
I will never cry and like I just don't
cry unless something sad happens to an
animal no than that I just don't cry and
then if I don't get enough sleep
it just waterworks always and I know
that's why I'm crying I know I can
handle all of life like I can handle it
you throw anything at me I can handle it
but if I don't have an asleep i'ma cry
in the middle of it but I filled my
Rachel's room my dog's asleep on the
couch I'm going into my auto fix my
phone see I can handle life just who's
gotta sleep I'm gonna skip my workout
tonight
I haven't skipped a night in a very long
time unless it's like a scheduled break
I'm gonna skip my arm workout tonight
just to get an extra hour of sleep cuz
momma needs it get life done
