staydry and why I just got judged for
that yarn excuse me sir my my Cabana
y'all hang if we are just laying out and
we're getting massages later and then
we're going to go Heine later I love
this shot because it just looks like I'm
Nikki all the time I'm okay oh but my
hair is on point anyway so let's just
hang out guys let's have fun and also
make my hair not ugly so I just try to
take a bunch of really cute pictures at
the infinity pool and somewhere really
cute but then Colleen's definitely tried
to test out to see if my waterproof
camera worked and got this lovely
picture so yeah don't worry my camera
works perfectly but she definitely
dropped it in the water and I had a
heart attack but I hadn't of his life
proof cases but I don't really trust him
and there was a little bit of water
after took the case off but whatever
hashtag best we're done at the pool for
today because we're gonna go get a
massage
we just got my rope and it's always the
debate do you keep your undies on do you
take them off but we've all decided to
keep our undies on this time so I can
hear the spit in your mouth because it's
so soothing in here that it's quiet I
can hear all the spit oh my gosh we just
got back from an amazing amazing massage
here is the view of the place we got
massage and then here's a little Hut
that we got massaged in and it was so
good I had a guy named Court massage me
and he was fantastic and Matt and I did
a couples massage I think this girl's
name was Hellena clean got a massage and
Heather got a massage and we're all so
tired it is tiring being so alive sorry
anyway yeah we had a lot of fun and now
I think we're all getting ready we're
gonna go head out to the hina and get
some fish tacos because our favorite
fish tacos are out where we normally
stay in Lahaina area so we're gonna
drive an hour to get some bang tacos
because that's how much we love them and
we eat them
time we come to Maui so that's what
we're gonna do I still I don't really
want to function because I'm afraid if I
move I will undo all the masseuse work
but yeah that was a lot of fun I had an
orange wild scent with oils I don't know
I know it was I liked it and yeah so
let's go to tacos we're now in next to
Lahaina where we usually say and we got
some shitty needs sashimi sashimi
sashimi and we order our beer batter
fish tacos we're so excited to eat them
me and Matt got beer I'm stoked on life
right now we've just got our tacos and
cooling is inhaling them she's on her
second one well none of us have finished
our first for all of those of you who
think that going does not eat little
girl eat and I see that this vlog I know
it's a day late and I'm actually gonna
post another vlog later today that seen
that this vlog the talk was were
delicious massages were amazing but I
don't remember what I did I was by the
pool earlier yeah
so anyway it was amazing and that's it
for this vlog and then tomorrow well not
tomorrow you're about to see it I mean
it'll be posted later today I'm gonna go
lay on the sun's a little bit the vlog
after this will be asked defining and
fun things all right cool thank you for
watching
