good morning it's time to go to our
Cabana and I woke up and I'm happy I got
to the pool around 8:45 it's now 11:30
and I'm just lounging then I went to the
ocean earlier I'm not naked by the way
Matt and I went to the ocean earlier and
sought sea turtle and he was so excited
about it and I was like that's it we
have to go snorkeling so probably a
smart plane tomorrow and we're very very
hungry right now so we're gonna order
some food done being by the pool and
we're gonna go on a boat but Kohli
decided that it would be fun to stop off
and shop first which is fun so now it's
shopping time
like sale trilogy or something like that
yet but we got here early and there's
awesome waves crashing over my hair
oh it's good it's good
so we just got back from sail trilogy
you went the hot tub for a little bit
that was an amazing dinner boat ride
thing it was really nice we had an
awesome helper waiter dude named Mario
and he was pretty spiffy I'm if you guys
are ever in Maui you want to go to sail
trilogy dinner excursion extravaganza
something oh there's links all below
I'll put that stuff for you it was a lot
of fun : did their appetizer drink thing
last year tonight we did the dinner
thing and both were amazing anyway
that's it let me guys be fringe
fingertips lips bitches dangerous
