good morning good mommy it's the second
day in Hawaii and it's 9:00 a.m. I've
been trying to upload my Rachel's room
because it's Thursday right now and it
needs to be uploaded in three minutes
and posted not gonna happen I've been
uploading since last night so we're
trying that blood speed isn't the best
that one sees fine like for normal
people the internet would be great but
for us youtuber it's like the upload
speed is where it's at man um yeah but
you know it's it's really tough life
it's really hard for me when I'm trying
to upload a video in Hawaii
I'm so so sad about it the world never
goes my way sorry
we're thinking about going
paddleboarding today let's start the day
guys just lather ourselves up with the
free sunscreen at the hotel which is
amazing and now we're gonna go freakin
paddleboard and clean Heather I think
around this corner today
eating decided to rent to paddle boards
because we know Heather and Kelleen are
gonna be over in like 10 minutes and
then Matt and I will go out and spend
the rest of the 50 minutes out about but
they are paddle boarding they haven't
stood up yet they're just on their knees
but yeah let's see if we can see him
there's no key oh and I just came back
from paddleboarding I was gonna use the
GoPro but I couldn't figure out how it
would work it I think it ran out of
battery but now we're all just tanning
and I'm gonna go in the ocean so we got
a Cabana worth four seasons we have a
Cabana and it's like the best thing like
the best vacation ever for us it's good
that's a--that's a lot you got two words
out of him Wow Heather it's too bad your
eyes aren't blue oh my gosh and it comes
with a hot girl thanks for logging for
me
we're done tanning it just visited Matt
in the weight room putting a little
workout before we go to luau
we're going to a luau tonight so we're
gonna see some really cool cool dancing
and then eating a lot so you know normal
stuff let's do that got to our luau I
wore a dress but it's really windy so
it's not really dressed father we're
gonna eat it all these are gonna work
for anybody and I vegetarians watch that
I'm sorry
okay the little I was done obviously we
went and got dessert and went the hot
tub it's like 10:30 and I'm going to
sleep because I'm so lame but also I'm
really tired so good night
