as I'm editing this vlog I realized that
I'm a complete mess of excitement so I
wanted to get before warning and
disclaimer before this thing started
that I was flying to Hawaii this is the
day that I'm going to Hawaii and I'm
very excited about it and that's
basically all I can say the whole time
I'm there
alright enjoy the blog we're at the
airport not wearing makeup discuss the
four seasons we just got to the pool and
four seasons is amazing they gave us
free arm pops what what in life
I'm obsessed first alcoholic beverage of
the trip Lahaina lemonade well that's
good yesterday quillian filmed Beauty
and the Beast gay version with todrick
and it just got released and so Heather
and kollene are hiding under a towel to
watch it friendship at its best we're
currently at dinner at Ferrara's at the
Four Seasons and guess what normal menu
right nothing fancy
except it's like iPad
I'm going I don't care good the food is
this menus awesome
we're back at Colleen's it's oh I
thought it was 1 a.m. it's not is it
9:00 to 10:00 it's 10:00 p.m. we're very
very very tired none of us slept last
night
my Harris became fantastic and we're
about to crack open some champagne and
get this party crunk that the right word
so brag about Oh let your body whoa
don't act like a sloppy Marlon dude is
it Nevada Oh bitches hopping in my Tahoe
cowboy riding shotgun oh now whatever
got gloves no where's the rubbers we got
the rubber
