anything that requires movement except
scratching I think it ready to go -
what's up Internet today so ok let's go
I'm on my way to the what's up internet
filming I picked up Colleen isn't she
pretty she's always so pretty and then I
have Matt he's driving and we're doing
this really cool traffic la I am
actually brought that from home I
believe was that it was like when those
generic things that come with a computer
yeah it's good like I should have done
the star yeah obviously
and then there's Flula awesome things
are always happening at the YouTube
space I'm at Cheesecake Factory with the
whole gang
and I had to order soup that's my mom
she's here too so is her father wait for
he blinked
yeah I'm really sad that my favorite
place to eat and I had to order soup I'm
sad bye-bye
it's the next day I met my parents house
I've been here all day but this is the
first time I picked up my camera it's
been just fun family times that's all
Jake what's grandpa doing for you are
you helping are they done not quite
burnt Jackson is the fire hot good
morning is the next morning talk fast
cuz the Secretary's gonna come back soon
I met youtubers react colons doing a
thing here I drove her it's like 10:30
at night right now yeah work back from
Santa Barbara Queen at a meeting she was
like I didn't PayPal I can't drive you
need to drag me I was like okay so I
came here dropped her off at a Starbucks
and I came back to pick her up that's
not the end of that I'll talk to you
guys I don't the whisper talked really
fast cuz I'm scared to secretary all
right guys it's tuned to this video
thanks for watching let me buddy make
sure you go check out what's up Internet
okay
