that's what I'm doing today the page I'm
so I'm fine
we have to get a base coat before we go
to Hawaii because we don't want to burn
on the first day so we got to go to the
beach
that's a tough money place don't know
how to do it weed weed weed weed weed
weed weed weed weed we beat you girl
Lola now can walk when I step on the
scene y'all know me cuz I walk with a
limp like a whole-school dip or real OG
I got bored so I'm walking down to the
water to put my feet in Matt doesn't
want to come so he's just tanning out
friend me know where he is where is he
it's over there he didn't want to what
nope yep go back just the next day we're
all shopping but we decided to get lunch
I got soup in a bread bowl so that the
bread would get soft enough for me to
eat a little bit of it and now I'm
nibbling on normal bread and I think
that's a small as bite as I'm taking
note I'm too big
I'm attractive we're out shopping and I
was just in packs on and I'm not kidding
when I tell you that every single
employee in there bugged me three times
each about the deals or if we had any
problems and I was so rude I was like
I'm fine and they're like okay well it
and I just like seriously every single
employee
I got bugged so many times I almost left
the store without buying anything so I
was just so freaking annoyed by them
like I understand that they're told to
you know help the customers and stuff
there there's a time when you know I
walk in I expect to hey welcome let me
know if you need any help and I'm like
great thanks that should be the end of
it and if I need help I'm a big girl I
know to ask just so annoyed I found some
high tops Josh to get :
so she wanted purple and high tops I
mean I found them and I are really bored
I think of had enough did you guys enjoy
the shortest vlog ever these are my feet
anyone with the foot fetish has a
massive boner right now I'm sorry for
that so I shopped today and then came
home I was really bored I cracked my
back I think my drawer starting to feel
better it doesn't hurt that which would
I breather boob around which is a plus
okay I'm gonna go to bed now tomorrow
I'm going to what's up internet thing
yeah I'm gonna go do the vines I'm gonna
go to what's up internet cuz Josh and my
family and we support okay
I'm gonna bet that guys thanks for
watching beam I'm still here hey hey was
Oh
my Dolittle time is all
