guys my dreams have just come true let
me take you on a journey back two days
ago I woke up massive cramps started my
period normal thing I had in my bag it's
like mighdal but it was from Australia
so it's not called my Donald as cold but
it was step four my cramps popped about
and I was like I don't have water I
don't know and I put them in my mouth
and I just took a handful of water from
the sink and put that at my mouth
and then swallowed I think one of them
got stuck and I went back to sleep when
I woke up it just felt like there was
something in my throat so I got drank
water and it was fine whatever but then
when I started to eat every time I ate
it was like you know when you take too
big a bite of something and you barely
chew it and then you try and swallow it
and you're like you kind of have like a
moment of choking and then you have to
like swallow really big and it hurts all
the way down and then you have like kind
of lose your breath and you feel like
catch your breath afterwards yeah that's
what it felt like every time I took a
bite of something no matter how small it
was I would take a bite of broccoli chew
it up for like five minutes and then
swallow it and it would hurt unless it
was a liquid it hurt going down it was
like lodged and then I was like I guess
the pills still in there I don't know
and then the pain started moving
downward and now it's earlier it was
here and now it's like here and it's
starting to hurt always this ends
gloriously because I talked to my doctor
friend Anna who is like the smartest
person ever and she's a doctor which
makes for this moniz person ever she was
like basically the pill is was lodged in
there and you have to drink coke in
order to get it to go away because you
know coke dissolves everything so a
doctor told me as medication I have to
drink Coca Cola guys this is the best
prescription I have ever got I have to
drink Coca Cola
doctor's orders like I'm just laying in
bed in pain but I get to drink coke like
I have to the guy have to the doctor
told me to and doctors she's a smart
doctor so I have to believe everything
she says and she told me to drink coke
so I have to drink the coke guys this is
like the best day ever
this is all I've ever wanted the doctor
to tell me is that I have to drink soda
that's all I've ever wanted here and
that's what I've heard today so I don't
even care that I'm in pain I don't care
that my chest feels like there's a rock
trying to get out of it all I care about
is
I have to drink this coke right now so
sucks to be everyone else I'm awesome
Lee days later
I have to drink a cocktail not myself I
guess Oh Frank Frank hey Frank Frank sit
down Frank Frank
stand ooh Frank Frank pass out Frank I
just drank a shot of something to numb
my throat and it's already nothing I
tell all right so I just left the
doctors and my teeth and my tongue are
kind of numb still not that bad so he
gave me this numbing stuff to see what
happened and basically I swallowed a
pill and I got stuck and then it got
into my like esophagus and basically
like ruined the lining of my esophagus
and like pissed off the muscles of there
and just like totally ruined me and so
for the next two weeks I have to
basically eat soup for every meal
I hate soup soup is my nightmare it's
not food it's a liquid it's just that's
not food so I'm not eating anything and
drinking something
I hate soup and I want chunks in my
liquid I'm not like oh I want to liquid
give me some chunks as well I forget to
eat soup but I basically am just like on
a liquid diet and he's like the hardest
food you can probably just like mashed
potatoes I love mashed potatoes with
passion but like that's all I can eat
like I'm kind of sad about it don't dry
swallow pills
seriously take them with water taken
with food whatever so just got home and
I'm supposed to film a favorites video
but then I realized I am just so angry
about soup that I'm gonna make a
pissed-off Vidya about soup I haven't
done a pissed off video in such a long
time that's how my channel started was
with what paces me off videos I've
tweeted do you want me to rant about
soup or do you want a favorites video
and 75% of the people said soup and like
25% said favourites so I'm going to do
is I'm gonna rent about soup this week
because I'm so passionately against soup
and then I'll just do a favorites video
next week so this is gonna be the
weirdest topic of my life usually my
pissed off videos are about how people
are stupid but this goodness super just
soup guys so mystic bit all right I need
to set up and then I'm gonna go to
Target and get soup and then I'm gonna
come back and be angry about soup I'm at
Target finding a liquid foods
I hate this I got yogurt if you know me
I hate yogurt and I hate soup and these
are the things I'm allowed to eat very
angry hate you I'm going into Costco
Matt keeps making fun of me because I
brought a jacket you're gonna be the
cold one in there not be I'm gonna be
nice and warm toasty it's gonna be
wonderful
uh-oh breakup I don't know why I came to
Costco I can't eat anything here
it's a very sad day I just had to turn
down free bagel with butter on it
because it's not a liquid and I can't
eat it this is the worst day of my life
langree all right I'm gonna in this vlog
Matt went to the gym but I didn't go
because I don't think I consumed enough
food to actually work out today thanks
for watching I had such an exciting day
had to go to Urgent Care it's actually
the probably the most exciting thing
I've done in a while that's it I love
you guys thanks for watching thank you
baby crying I died and grew around some
people living their life in bottles
granddaddy had the golden flashback
stroke every day in Chicago some people
like the way it feels so people wanna
kill
