something happened I was going to
introduce this video after I did my
makeup you know I know I did a little
bit on the plane but I was doing my
makeup and then I realized that
something happened in the shower that I
need to just say I was shaving my arms
as I do and I went to put more soap in
my hands and to do that I need to put my
razor in my mouth because that's safe
you know but I put it like the butt part
of the handle I'm out I did it as I was
going up I squeezed the razor too hard I
guess and it popped out of my hands and
it flew up and I thought it hit my face
but I was like whatever and then I
grabbed the razor and then I go to rinse
it off and there's like long hairs on
the razor I'm like that's not from my
body and then I realized that I nicked
part of my eyebrow you part of my
eyebrow op just gone just I thank
goodness I have a liner to do my
eyebrows with but I just think that
that's really funny that I actually
nicked a part of my eyebrow yep that's
all alright I'll talk to you after to my
makeup think I'm all good I think it's
totally fine it's not a big deal it was
just the fact that it happened that was
funny but also while I was in the shower
I was thinking about the fact that why
don't all soap or conditioner shampoo
bottles stand like this why do they
don't stand like this when they need to
be like this in order to get the soap
out this cheaper brand of conditioner
stands like this because this is the way
that it needs to stand in order to get
stuff out because at the end the bottle
I'm ended up trying to balance things
and doing some circus act by getting
things to balance upside down in order
to get the stuff out it should be a law
that all of the containers have to be
able to stand with the spout pointing
downward that's just my thing I'm on I'm
angry about that another thing to be
angry about is how did this hotel think
that two pillows would suffice
my sleeping I need at least four pillows
one front of my head one to cuddle one
between my legs and one to put somewhere
out in bed and then eventually kick it
off onto the floor I mean how do they
expect me to have a good night's sleep
without four pillows I'm exaggerating
all right so we've already done
soundcheck we're back at the hotel we do
soundcheck super early we did at noon
because we are going out to dinner with
a friend and so we wanted to actually
know spend time and not being like oh
you can eat backstage with us for half a
second I just ate salmon my tummy is
happy hi how's my new best friend Shana
we're all best friends and we ate
meeting together E sorry teeny sorry
Rachel sorry Josh
little friend right there wedding
you
alright so it's after the show after me
agree obviously I'm in bed and I'm gonna
go to sleep but at first I wanted to
show you guys this really cool lipstick
stain I got on the shirt table story
about the shirt I bought it right before
Australia cuz I was like I need some
grown-up shirts and apparently this is
what I thought a grown-up it looks like
the first day I wore it in Australia
I got a huge stain down the front you
know cuz I'm a really neat eater and it
took me an hour to get out the stain
because it wasn't this wasn't like a
five dollar shirt it was a twenty dollar
shirt therefore it is a nice shirt so I
spent like an hour getting the stain out
and then I didn't wear the shirt the
whole time in Australia like after that
until I got home and I could really wash
the shirt and this is the first time
I've worn it since then and on stage
kollene hits me in the boob at one part
and how somehow the girl had lipstick
all over her hand and got it all over my
shirt guess what doesn't come out
lipstick the shirt is ruined every time
I wear this shirt which is the two times
I've been able to wear it since I bought
it over a month ago
I have wrote I just I've stained it I've
stained it and I think I'm just gonna
throw out the shirt that's the end of
I'm sorry I had to go on about the shirt
I was very upset about that's it for
today's vlog thanks guys for watching I
love you baby
you
