yes I like ugly this is the first time I
picked up my blog camera all day it's
what is today Monday night and my
sister's just fingering me this is how
we do
thanks for the thumbnail uh Colleen
cooked dinner
oh she's watching Josh's vlog : cooked
Josh dinner but she didn't realize it
here he had plans so I came over and ate
it with a yeah so that's it and now
we're just watching videos and talking
about Hawaii I may or may not have just
filmed the Kylie Jenner lip challenge
thing where I suck on something and make
my lips really big it tingles my bottom
lip is definitely affected by it I mean
this is definitely toned down version I
took off all my makeup just put
chapstick on but it hurt but Matt
refuses to kiss me and also have this
really cute ring around my mouth but
Matt won't give me a kiss
because apparently I look funny good you
denied you know when it gives me
no one likes giving me I might know
about Davis Edwards I don't know them
very well I'm about to go to Buffalo
Wild Wings to go watch the Celtics boo
but it's the playoffs so let's go you
may be thinking to yourself
Rachel why would you go watch a Celtics
game when you hate the Celtics because
you're a Laker fan
well people I'm sorry to inform you that
I'm dating a Celtics fan and it's his
birthday so I have to do whatever he
wants and he wants to watch the Celtics
I feel like such a traitor being here
watching this game Tom the big screen
was really easy to see because no one
here cares about selling
I ordered a lot of food
he doesn't like that it's his birthdays
not much my birthday person but I have a
huge birthday person so I like the
Celtics lost usually be upset about that
but they lost the Cavaliers and I hate
the Cavaliers
because I hate LeBron James because I'm
a Kobe fan it was kind of an upsetting
evening for us so naturally we're at
BevMo about to drown our sorrows in beer
and by drown our sorrows I mean I just
want beer
it's way later tonight we've only had
one bottle of beer between us it's not
that much um and I'm about to make some
salmon an artichoke because my sister
always feeds it to us and we always like
that's really good and we decided to try
it ourselves
so we're watching TV and I'm gonna cook
now tada
