so I invited my dad over to watch the
Rams game with us and there's something
on the bottom of his shoe and blaze will
not stop licking it we already picked up
his puddle of drool but he is drooling
like crazy and won't stop licking my
dad's shoe
my dad is never allowed to watch a Rams
game with us again because the Rams are
doing great until I watch the game with
him and then this sucked and lost so
father well not a lot of watch Ram games
with us anymore okay there's like a
flake of skin on my keyboard cute anyway
I'm editing the vlog for today I have to
run some errands later with Matthew we
really good I'll come alone again done
so that's my plan so hopefully I bailed
me doing my errands because that's
actually slightly entertaining I'll do
entertaining things then I'm exhausted
alright so I'm putting my vlog now do
you guys like the GoPro footage cuz I
did GoPro footage but I can never tell
like I'll charge my GoPro in as light oh
come on and then it eventually goes off
and I'm like okay is it charged and then
I take the cord out and plug it back in
and it does the light again I'm like so
wasn't charged is it charged the camera
tell also the GoPro battery last like
for a second but question of the day
did you guys like the GoPro footage I
know I didn't do anything but should I
just like keep trying to make my footage
cooler or you guys just don't care what
do you want for me tell me what you want
please you I named it please you lost
having fun but I want please you let me
know what you want okay okay we've left
the dogs home alone and he didn't seem
very happy about it he won he traipse
through the mud and then got everything
discussed it so gave him a bath and then
I was like you know what let's go on a
little walk cuz I'm about to leave so
let's entertain you so we went on a walk
to kind of dry him off and stuff and in
the middle of the walk as we were
walking okay I'm trying to begin fueling
but nothing is coming out there so I'm
walk
we're on a walk dry him off right and in
1020 seconds into our walk all of a
sudden we hear a noise and the
sprinklers next to us go on but spray
the entire ahh Starbucks is closed we
wanted a peppermint mocha latte but it's
not happening anyway we had been
sprinklers got a soaking wet I'm sad now
we were gonna get a pair of mocha latte
because we felt Christmasy ins thought
it would be great but it's not happening
now and I'm sad fine alright so you know
Black Friday's coming up we've decided
to just go to stores and see what their
deals are gonna be just for funsies
anyway also we're still really upset
that we didn't get our peppermint mocha
latte just just second
Carlos ran into me I need this I need
that I need that - also that Christmas
was just bursting at the seams
why do I find this so entertaining just
the fake things they have in the fridge
would you like a cherry I don't know I'm
looking for just leave me alone
also wait fridges are getting really
stupid like hold on just one let me let
me get there why is there a touchscreen
tablet now so you could see what's in
your fridge open the fridge not
food hello food my food we're currently
debating what Christmas thing to get
blazed I personally want to get the robe
for Christmas morning so you can make an
entrance
I think we're settling on the beanie and
leg warmers for now yes for now by the
way we're at Target now because we're
shopping for things we actually need in
life you know I was kind of happy when I
see more and more Hanukkah stuff each
year I think we need to celebrate all
the holidays this is what I aspired to
be when I grow up an old man with a
scooter I think it's a good goal really
I'm never in focus and I love it I'm
just over it I'm all for it no focus I
have to focus in life that's just who I
am still I'm - oh there I am finally ooh
all right show me what you did show me
what you did let's you've been alone for
like two hours you've got to have done
something you had to a done something
let's see is the bed warm oh you were
just asleep weren't you were you just
sleeping like a good boy the whole time
you said you go boy easy to go boy
