good morning good afternoon good evening
and good night
it's Friday for me and but put on my
scar cream I use it on my appendix scars
to get the scars to go away and then I
also have my cortisone scream for my
eczema in my armpit
all right armpit sweat my elbow pit and
then of course I have my lotion for my
legs and my arms why I show you guys my
creams for my a beauty guru get good at
E no good morning it's Friday let's go
do Friday things zero miss planned zero
of the nests planned Friday does not
mean party for me it means out today
it's a day no party planned that's all
it's no longer Friday it's not Saturday
my Friday was the most boring thing ever
I think I left the house twice wanted to
go to Target want to do the gym but it's
Saturday morning now I have to go to a
shoot with Colleen but first I have to
clean my apartment really quick quick
look how messy this is my parents are
coming over to pick up that old dresser
that I don't use anymore that's her mo
vlog a really long time ago I doubt any
of you have any idea what I'm talking
about I used to be known that a alright
cleanin time it's not much beans he's
the only one questioning me
just got to the shoe and Christopher and
Jessica brought all of the children but
they're dropping Jessica off at the shoe
and we're gonna do a rap battle me and
Jessica me and Jessica the rapper oh
there you go I'm gonna be in a rap
battle
so is Cory Cory is actually really good
at freestyling like that yes on a live
chat like a year ago you destroyed me I
don't even think I participated let's do
a rap battle and then Cory went person
and I just didn't go he rapped about
sushi see he's got that what should i
rap about um rock about colleen's make
up one more time yeah I did it one more
time Coleman sitting in the makeup chair
she's looking real fun and she hounds
brain had the lipstick the eyeliner the
bronze and the blush she's making all
the guys get all the blood rushing to
that below it's gonna get cold on the
head and flow so I'm gonna get you to
look at kollene because if you don't I'm
gonna break your spleen told you I just
got a little eye shadow from in my eyes
no big deal I just got my makeup done it
took her about a half hour to do this
and I got here at 1:30 we were supposed
to start filming around 2:30 it's 6:30
I haven't filmed the dang thing
but Cory will pose all day for you Cory
is my blog five hours later I'm finally
gonna film something I'm obsessing his
eye shadow
we're filming inside now the sun's gonna
go down soon so we can't come outside
because then the stuff will look
different
I'm still just staring at myself because
of my makeup we're in the gym now
because we realize that's the best place
to shoot it's just this is the rapper
right here guys oh look at this epic
crew sitting on the benches it was like
this like that like this better
it's like that like it's like that data
it's like this then we got no lover girl
just chill to the next episode
they're so pretty I just finished
telling my part
Cory's next what time you get here oh 10
a.m. what time is it now um almost 8
p.m. good it's the end of the day we
finally wrapped to a while I'm at dinner
with Polina and Jessica girls night
they're having a slumber party I am
going home is sleeping I just got home I
don't think Matt likes my makeup very
much no I'm ready I'll translate that
means yes I'm about to take off my eye
makeup I feel like it's a sin I sat for
a half hour all this got put on and I
feel so terrible taking it off but here
it goes this stuff comes off way easier
than it comes on also I am too face
right now let's do that thing I do
before after beauty is on the inside and
inspirational message butterfly wings
alright the makeups off for the most
part the rest we can come up in my sleep
end in the shower tomorrow I'm going to
bed so
but know this
