I'm walking into target I have a lot to
do today and by that I mean I've got to
go to the gym and then I have to go to a
scary movie tonight
I'm very sorry to inform you I hate
scary movies and fashion it literally
have to pay me to go see it yes you
heard it here folks who saw those tweets
and knew who I was paid to do it yeah
yeah so I'm right outside of Arclight
where I'm supposed to be in eight
minutes and Matt and I decided to get a
train because it's a lot of cameras and
things but yeah this whole thing is
stressful so I definitely need a little
30 Martini in me goodness gracious I'm
at the thing we're reading a book in the
coffee shop
oh my good there's some soccer some men
hugging what the book are you reading
this isn't even reading this is just
looking at pictures it's the next day I
hate scary movies I hate scary movies I
hate scary movies
I had to see a movie and it was scary
and I basically hid in that the entire
time oh we're now at the mall because
Matt just found out that he's going to
Hawaii with me and Colleen so we're
going shopping for Hawaii in my belly
showing today my mother just rolled her
eyes at me I'm looking at the new Apple
watches to just kind of find them
pointless who wears a watch anymore I
just asked Matt if you wanted to go into
Hollister he goes no we're way too old
it's true once you hit once you pass
high school you can no longer go into
American Eagle or hollow serve or
Ambercrombie and fetch it's just not
allowed it's definitely a young kids
place to shop
what is going on they're doing people's
hair in front of everyone
way better than adult shoes later today
I'm home from shopping and I've been I
think I've spent about two hours respond
to a bunch of mail that you guys have
sent me yeah I finally gotten you a
little like reply cards so I can write
you guys back I have mail as far back as
January that I haven't responded to so
I'm really cool I'm really on top of it
I'm sorry for anyone who's written me I
haven't written you back I probably
should I mean I'm the worst with this
foot five is it is it the fourth four
months haven't responded at anyone I'm
really nice these people that wrote to
me probably don't even watch my videos
anymore yeah but here's all the letters
you can send me so I'm still doing that
I'll be up for a while so by the way I
decided that when I'm in Hawaii I'm
gonna vlog every single day so be daily
vlogs and Hawaii so I'm doing adventures
every single day we want to go ziplining
we want to go jet skiing we want to go
scuba diving we want to go to all the
things and the funds and we're gonna do
it and Colin's got a GoPro so pretty no
boolean's got a GoPro that I bought for
her birthday and she never uses so I'm
just gonna steal it she'll never know
and I doubt she's still on this vlog
hahahaha it's our little secret okay oh
I want you a really terrible TV show and
they're beating and dude up right now oh
I'm watching Hawaii five-o getting ready
getting prepared all right I love you
guys see you later baby
and without my
