I always look really cute in these intro
things happy new week it is Monday for
me but it's Wednesday for you that's how
this goes because things alright today
I'm gonna run errands had actually leave
the house I'm currently in my underwear
and I don't want to put pants on who's
with me on that whoever wants to put the
pants on this chick never do it cuz it's
lame alright so let's do today yeah I
just I should put some up it's a makeup
on for you how about that and for you I
mean myself for my self-esteem so I
don't feel gross that's all I'm
currently out shopping and de-spawn
stuff Victoria's Secret because I'm a
 and by that I mean I needed some
new bras because mine are falling apart
can someone please explain to me why
they put paper when they fold the shirts
I'm sure that there's a reason but I
just can't think of it like I feel bad
picking up the shirts and looking at
them because in this paper falls out I'm
like do I have to write an essay is my
homework doing what's happening whose
shirts on sale I think this is really
funny no one else does but I think it's
really funny this habit tattoos don't
worry they can laser it off in the photo
this is like recreations that's so mean
that's something like a grandma would do
to her grandchildren that's so rude if
someone gets a tattoo it's part of who
they are accept it even if it's ugly and
it's just so mean be like oh this is a
great shot accept your tattoo ruins it
here let me just photoshop this out real
quick I think it's just rude I found
something I really need in life
and it's this gun full of tequila so if
you're ever wondering what to get me as
a gift
just get me this rifle tequila are the
sensible goods
not actually once that one and off the
gun I realized I'm in a spending mood so
he's taking me to his favorite store on
earth I've never been here it's called
Fry's Electronics I don't even know what
to expect apparently it's better than
Disneyland
what is the point of you I mean what is
the point of view that's kids I found
this so much so much fun and now not so
much
I found the good stuff I loved the as
seen on TV section of any store because
all of these things I'm like I look at
I'm like no you don't work but I've
always wanted to buy them to check to
see if they actually work and I know a
lot of youtubers do this but I'm buying
a bunch of things to test out to see if
they actually work and I'm just using
the video as an excuse to buy the thing
so people are gonna comment thing like
this has been done you're copying this
person yeah but guess what they just
wanted to buy the things and use the
video it's an excuse to buy them so
screw all of you I'm having fun
so this place was kind of ghetto I said
that when I max out of ear range but it
was pretty good they had a lot of stuff
and also in really rare decorations but
do you want a do you want to play the
games you can pay to win every time do
you speak Spanish you learn something
new every day I'm seeing if I can get a
special Tiki made I'm saying how much it
is because if it's like 2 bucks I'm so
doing it I need it he
I can't do it how do we do it you can't
get it in the hole this is the worst as
I never made it breaks our key we're
screwed
I'm sorry we are unable to duplicate
your feet racism this was the worst
invention ever it doesn't work do it
again
you to the left this does not even make
sense
I want this one for it's worth $4 I'm so
excited I get it really cool hey it's
dude pretending
duplicating I don't you wanna bet that
this doesn't even work
there's my key my future key no it went
away
where'd you go come back
it's making noises this thing is called
minute key and I take a lot more than a
minute let me tell you told the good one
so I just went to Starbucks and I
witness these two old men disgusting the
beaver chokehold scandal and they came
to an agreement with each other that
security was just a little bit too rough
but they were probably that way because
they were fed up with Bieber but it was
still security at fault and I just loved
it
these two old men just sitting in
Starbucks talking about Justin Bieber I
mean that's how you know you've ruled
the world I'm sure everyone is just a
difference opinion on the whole Bieber
chokehold thing I read an article I
watched the video I have my opinion but
I'm afraid to say because I everyone
else has a different opinion I mean I'll
just say it I mean it's my channel I
need what I want I think that security
was too rough on Bieber he's just
extremely famous he can't just hang out
at Coachella no not in the VIP area and
it was just clear from the beginning I
think I don't know the whole thing I
wasn't there I think that the security
just didn't like him because there's no
way in the world that like Beyonce
walked up to a VIP thing and they say
sorry Beyonce we're at capacity there's
no way that that would happen because
when someone is a high celebrity the
fact that everyone knows them they can't
just hang out with the public I know
that sounds terrible but like they'll
get mauled they'll get harassed so you
know people don't like Bieber so they're
gonna there's probably gonna be drunk
guys I want to punch him in his face
like you have to keep him safe because
Beyonce is loved
there's no way anyone would say we're at
capacity to Beyonce but I'm not
comparing Beyonce to Justin Bieber I'm
just saying because the security
probably didn't like Justin they were
probably like I don't want this Punk in
here sorry we're at capacity security
you probably feel undermined when the
head of Coachella was like here Bieber
I'll walk you in I mean he was allowed
in they probably just got fed up I think
secure
was in the wrong that's just my personal
opinion you don't want to freak out
about it yeah
Bieber is a little punk but he he
shouldn't be that's all
that's it I'm done right I'm currently
editing the vlog and it's Sunday late at
night I'm drinking a martini and
watching TV I only felt that thing just
saw today I stayed home and worked all
day and clean came over and what what
isn't Sunday what's today it's Tuesday
what's wrong with me it's not Sunday at
all it's Tuesday all right I'm gonna
leave now because I don't know what's
happening my brain I think I need to go
to bed all right bye guys love you me oh
I missed it I'm a mess I've had two sips
of martini I promise I'm not drunk I'm
just a mess
bye
