it's Friday Friday gotta get down on
Friday so you're welcome forgetting that
song stuck in your head
thanks for Becca black anyway today is
Friday for me but for you it's Monday
sucks that was a little burp I had more
in me but it just didn't coming out all
right I'm gonna go do things today we
should probably have fun today yeah yeah
okay let's go running errands I'm sure
this is my favorite belabor that ever
exists I see it all over the place you
just look so poised and put together and
so fake but if you pass the insurance I
mean I suggest you call her Bryden my
fundis on a Friday is running errands
and working so I've been doing stuff for
kollene basically all day and I just
went to the grocery store and picked up
some food so I can eat on for dinner cuz
I'm really cool it's Sunday I have done
work today and worked out and now I'm at
Target and we're trying to figure out
what in the world do for dinner
I feel like I've eaten all the food in
the world so many times that I'm just
over all over the food in the world I
just I never know what to eat anymore
and BAE just said let's get something
healthy and then picked up a pizza smart
that's healthy
peanut M&Ms it was taste so good do you
guys have this problem or you just over
all the food in the world like they need
to create a new food they really really
do cuz I'm just tired this is kind of
stuff look I've eaten you all before I
don't want to eat you again I didn't
catch up it's several hours manna man
it's several hours later and I'm now at
rouse I'm not roust because I like to go
to grocery stores or just stores like 15
times a day there's no I don't go to the
store once or not a day if I'm doing a
store I'm gonna go multiple times that's
just how I do
so now I'm at Rob's cuz tomorrow I want
to try cooking a pasta that they have at
Cheesecake Factory I'll show you guys
when they do it but yeah that's just how
bored I am in life I go to stores
multiple times a day just to get this
stuff for cooking and I'm not even good
at cooking I'm actually quite bad at it
change of plans I'm making the pasta
tonight because we get really hungry
around midnight because we don't fall
asleep till like 2:00 a.m. so and it's
like you know laughing right now so I'm
gonna make it and we're gonna eat that
tonight he just ditched me he ditched me
and went to a different because I was
drinking responsibly this and then once
the alcohol is burned out of the wine
then you add heavy whipping cream and
sour cream and butter I'm getting very
confused by this I am terrible at
cooking
but I put all the things in the one then
it's good and today's making the pasta
he's been doing that that's something
I'm drinking another martini and we're
about to add the concoction together to
make pasta I've combined the concoction
together now for the taste it's mediocre
update it tastes way better when you put
a bunch of Parmesan cheese on it
they said it tasted the exact same they
make it at Cheesecake which is cool but
it's just not my flavor
I put the recipe down below if you want
to try it I don't know why you would but
you have to be of age in order to buy
the wine to put in it that's all so yeah
alright this is the end of this vlog I
know it's really chaotic and weird but
that's my life so enjoy it I guess I
don't know all right I love you guys
thanks for watching bye you used to be
everything Nana me nothing but this was
poker with the cards I'm a wheel
I'll miss you the crowd won't let me
tell you thought that we had all of some
and I'm guessing the
