happy Friday it's Friday for you but
it's a Wednesday from me but it's Friday
but you happy Friday that's a song to
brighten your eyes his day even though
it doesn't need to be brightened because
it's Friday which means you guys don't
have school tomorrow or work tomorrow or
maybe you do I don't know you but you
know me that's it let's have fun today
okay bye I just filmed a Rachel's room
and now I'm making dinner and I'm just
waiting for this water to boil and I
hate the saying a watched pot never
boils
because it's so true because I get so
bored watching this and then I realize
there's no point me watching this I
could do other things so why in the
world would I sit and watch a pot boil I
decided that it was date night so I made
him take me on a date we're going to get
beer and then see Furious 7 I get to see
the rock in action also that's me work
on my stamping skills oh my god fit me
it was just one man he's standing right
in front dead in front of me bleep s the
next day which means gym time Jim Jim
Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim because
folds Cooling's house and we're
barbecuing and her and her friends made
really cool things they're coasters
they're coasters they're beautiful
uh-huh they also know I don't know if I
can see in there no you can't you can
show me later they also mated meaning
they put marbles in a jar take a lot of
effort to took like six people to do it
it was supposed to be a coaster but it
didn't work oh because the grout was
black we're not racist
naturally you've no clue what they're
talking about what we have going on the
barbecue kabobs skewers whatever you
want to call them but it's delicious
just friendly summer dinner that's what
this fence is over I ate your own
something so happy right now
I didn't make coasters
I made pasty grow your nipples are
nothing no pepperoni nipples they're
what our fish muffin egos about good me
into it and I made two I mean this one
in this one oh no I didn't crash alright
guys that's it for this vlog thanks for
watching I made really awesome coasters
with some really cool people and Cory's
nipples are the size of English muffins
so that's what we learned today the more
you know the more useless information
you have in your brain all right guys
