hey I hope you guys saw the video
yesterday cuz if you did you know I
can't point this dude is yeah I finally
got to release him so now you guys can
see who I actually hang out with and I
don't I'm not just always alone in my
life so I just filmed the video it's
half explaining who he is half not at
all me just ranting about stuff but yeah
now I have to edit it and post it and I
haven't filmed anything the past two
days to vlog about so I have to vlog a
bunch today so come with me on an
adventure I don't know what I'm doing
today so that's all I'm going to target
right now to go to Starbucks because my
Starbucks is in Target oh that bag
though this is why I'm going I got back
under my eyes because last night I got
into bed and I was like oh it's so time
to go to sleep I turn on my TV show to
fall asleep and I was wide awake till 6
a.m. I don't know if it was jetlag
because I feel like I got on the right
schedule with jet lag I don't know what
it was but I just couldn't fall asleep
last night
I finally took a bunch of zzzquil and
knocked out a lot about an hour later
but I'm exhausted I accidentally took
like a 30-second nap in my context right
out so I'd put my glasses on people wait
I got to put this camera down I'll talk
to a target
I don't know I'm talking about but I'm
at a red light so I got bored so decide
talk to you guys kid anyway I didn't get
sleep so I'm got to get coffee and stuff
and I'm trying to race home do it all
quickly so that I can watch caline's
livestream what that girl's shoulder is
a busted mess she can't edit video she
can't even make videos because it hurts
her arms too much her shoulders too much
her right shoulder yeah it's totally
busted so she has to do a livestream in
order to put up a video cuz that girl is
in pain I think she went to the doctor
today and got a shot for it and I'm
pretty sure she fainted because of it
because that girl you should I mean her
body hates her right now she just does
too much she needs to take a break this
is her body being like yo woman for like
two seconds can you sleep and she's like
nope sorry gotta go anyway that's that
I'm back home I watched a little bit of
Clint's livestream out you don't want to
know
and now I'm gonna go to the gym cuz
Cooley was like hey you're going to
Hawaii I'm like hey no I need to go to
the gym more keep my workouts done now
or at Costco in the alcohol section and
the bread section obvious
did you guys know that it's national
beer day of course you didn't because I
think you're all underage but it's
national beer day so I made us get beer
cuz I want to drink some beer on
national be your day it's time I was
like I got a load all day and then after
Costco I completely forgot to keep
vlogging and so this is the shortest
vlog ever made and also the least
entertaining one ever made I got in
trouble for trying to vlog and this is
the end of this vlog I got my camera
stolen for me but I got it back because
I'm roof I'll make next
I'll make Friday's is that it yep that's
when I post I make Friday's vlog more
entertaining but for now here's is it
and here's it I'm so fresh y'all steady
door
