sad sad day one it is my birthday and it
is Easter so that's the best thing in
the world but every year for my birthday
I go to IHOP for breakfast I make
someone take me I hop and I yeah I pop
for breakfast and it's always terrible
it's always like this the worst decision
I could ever make but I think this was
the last this is the last year I'm ever
gonna do that because it was I I
couldn't even eat the food it was so bad
I think I have grown up and I hop has
gotten worse and I've realized what good
food is and so I no longer can eat high
hop and it's a very emotional moment for
me but I'm over it
in 10 seconds because it's the birthday
all right so because it's Easter as well
as my birthday I'm going to go see my
family we're all meeting but Chris all
my hair though is cute I'm driving to
Christopher's place and we're doing the
family barbeque there so you're about to
see some really cute kids and some cool
family members I'm at Christopher's now
for barbecue and I'm just gonna show you
what Christopher is doing
lightsabers songs : told Bailey it was
time to eat ice cream and then she just
started screaming happy birthday to
everybody here's a video of the pinata
Christopher got me we're about to do an
activity going down we go here we go
we're playing the Easter egg laying game
place your eggs
you okay the barbecue thing is over and
now with some people getting sushi and
here's Josh so the barbecue was awesome
and now it's time to eat a lot of sushi
sushi montage because that's never
happened in a vlog before alright so
next day I forgot to close out the plug
yesterday but I just want to say thank
you to everyone who wish me a happy
birthday and everyone who made my
birthday really special my family threw
me a party everyone was awesome and I
didn't say this in the vlog because I
just I forgot but my sister for my
birthday was epic and she is taking me
to Hawaii for my birthday
uh yeah well we go soon and we're gonna
go to Hawaii and spend a week in Hawaii
and I am dumbfounded by the fact that
she did is every year she tops herself
and like I like I I actually like I I'm
clearly speechless um I I just can't
believe that she did that like that it
is the most epic thing anyone could do
for a birthday like she seems to top
herself every year for my 21st she took
me on a cruise on a Disney cruise my
23rd birthday she took me the Miley
Cyrus concert and this year she is
taking me to Hawaii I like it
my brain can't function how awesome of a
human being she is so I'm really excited
I was such a great birthday I had a
fantastic birthday I loved every moment
of it ever
and really tried like everyone was great
everyone made my birthday so happy so
many people send me awesome videos and
like awesome like a little picture
collages they did
this I love yesterday yesterday was a
fantastic day it was a good Easter was a
good birthday Josh had a good birthday
I'm pretty sure I think Oh seemed like
last night I think today he's off in
Vegas so yeah it was a good good day
that I'm very I'm all smiles I'm all
smiles I'm very happy to report that all
right I'm gonna sign off them because
it's getting really long and I'm talking
all right bye guys love you bye
