all right we're in Adelaide and we're
out shopping with her we have to go to
tech it was nice not having to fly in
today we flew in yesterday and now we're
shopping today I realized that I'm very
black just my whole outfit yeah this
thing is influenced me to just wear
black and white and that's it but I
always have a little splash of color on
my shoes also mommy how are we all just
wearing black and white look at my
canker sore this is really gross that is
disgusting
it hurts I can't eat anything or else
since I'm in pain nothing sweet nothing
salty nothing spicy nothing too minty
and burn I'm disgusting I think I'm
gonna buy this guys I think it really
suits me we're done shopping now and I'm
setting up stage for the show you think
we only have three more shows and then I
get to go home and sleep in my bed my
mother right now obsessed with her
it's show time she's doing the show
right now
guess what we're doing right now heading
to we've never done that vlog and this
has never happened in the blog either
it's like my living the same day over
Brown groundhog groundhogs today
groundhog brown cop look it up it's good
ain't a gun movie Josh you be creeper
all the time putting it on a chicken
wrap but I'm sure everyone a conference
right you're not specified it on chicken
wrap
guess what that's what he has oh it's
like tar I'm just gonna just poop stain
how's it taste one fall through it's
salty I like fall for ten so we got to
the hotel in Perth and I messed up my
wrist really badly like three days ago
and I thought I don't like I just sleep
on the wrong it'll go away and it still
hurts unless it's like this if it moves
any way this way or this way I'm in so
much pain if I try and do a push-up I
will start crying because of the pain on
my wrist so I put an icy hot on it
because I didn't know what else to do so
I just look really cool lugging around
ninety hot I'm really cool that's all I
have to report to right now in the up
that's it we got in the wind enemy and
in the wind and we in the clearing and
every in the clear are we gonna the wind
enemy and in the wind you gonna see what
happens to Josh every time he hugs
somebody ready thanks for coming to the
show yeah I love it
welcome to the next and you might not be
able to hear me and there's some weird
film on it because I'm using my life
proof waterproof case because we're
going to an island where those
or about to take a ferry to get there
those were the five I always think of
Quaker Oats when we say
obviously just got off the boat time to
see some hawkers and some beautiful
stuff Instagram day
just got to the Ocean Beach part it's
really gorgeous I'm gonna catch the
Indian Ocean thingy about to show you
someone in their natural habitat hiding
in the shade from the Sun another
creature smile with the camera
and hopes that her safety will not be
endangered she doing mom it's kind of
hard to find the shade here and it looks
like maybe your big toe is right in the
Sun though good I love it right we put
you in do shouldn't you be cool
I had a swimsuit why don't you bring it
no good good you see where I get my
smarts from right we walked a little
more in found a cool little place where
there's nobody there's just rocks an
ocean and it's free legit place is
gorgeous with slippery afternoon
laughs the island we're back at the
theater and we're doing our final show
we did it we did all the shows
congratulations team we didn't
my mom was living this whole goes into
this vlog it's the next morning and I am
going to the airport to head back to LA
so peace out mother truck
