we pack really light there's no luggage
at all
oh we just an entire extra cargo thing
for luggage it's the morn darn found me
I'm ugly on the airplane I must be
editing my vlog but instead we're
putting on tattoos
I'm pressing it's my man
this kind of looks so tiny compared to
his arm where's your tags in unicorn
stickers
so loud here
so we're in camber now I haven't picked
up my camera in a really long time
I just didn't fill mr. day because
yesterday we woke up at hi welcome to
5:00 we flew to where was I Melbourne
and did two shows and then woke up this
morning and fluid of Canberra and guess
what my dad surprised us he's here for
less than 24 hours and he came just to
hang out with us for one day because he
was in like Korea wouldn't then he's
going to Beijing or something and he had
the two days off so he spent it flying
to Australia to come hang out with us
for a day anyway
I'm at the hotel now and we're gonna
head to the theatre to do another show
yeah sorry I'm not vlogging that much
but it's like I want to give you guys
good vlogs so what I'm just doing
nothing all day well not nothing I'm
sitting backstage doing a show but
that's all I'm doing it's not very
entertaining for you guys so I haven't
picked up my log camera but I'll try
today so it's not just it's sometimes my
life isn't as entertaining as you think
it is look my daddy showed up
this is how I like airports with no one
in them me it was so my dad was about to
go to Beijing where you were yeah I was
in Korea yes he came here for actually
24 hours and now he's about to fly to
Beijing why did you do this but the rest
of us are flying to Adelaide and guess
what the time change is half an hour
we've been on this plane for an hour and
it hasn't gotten off the ground yet Wow
let's party get loud if you wanna have
time to do something if you wanna have
time to do sup
let's party
whoa we know I won't regret city no TV
yes surely do it in LA I'm gonna think
of us my name is Eddie not
ticket doesn't pay me to hurt but it
finally got that stupid plane now we're
in Sydney and my dad still with us cuz
his flight to Beijing is out of Sydney
in in four hours and our flight got
delayed we're hungry
we just got delayed again so today is a
terrible flight day but we don't have
any shows today so you know we're not
actually stressing out so this is like
the best day for something this terrible
to happen when do we see the dinosaurs
dinosaur tour finally made it to our
destination after like 6 million hours
of traveling and that's the end of this
vlog stay tuned for next vodka
