we where are we
Brisbane briefly we're in Brisbane we
just took like a 6:00 a.m. flight and
now we're in the hotel and we're gonna
go to water because it's a man-made
Beach where there's water but we've been
in Australia and New Zealand forever and
we get to sue a beach or you know like
play in the water anything so we're
gonna go do that now okay come with us
join us a wonderful ride to water it is
hot as balls out here we are sweating
and I'm using a map to find out where
we're going
I'm on a boat good night so I made it to
our destination it's like a weird
man-made Beach thing it kind of just
looks like if you're staying at a fancy
resort this would be the pool there so
I'm come for it so we're gonna you know
get our toesies wet cuz it's really hot
here how dare you
Brisbane be this hot I'm dare you she
just went in the water and it was really
nice we were and there for about an hour
ish and I feel that this side of my face
is getting sunburned so I'm keeping it
away from the Sun because I don't have
sunscreen we're just chewing and it's so
relaxing and then this first time we've
actually be able to relax on this trip
and it's glorious
today is the first day where I'm like oh
I'm in a really gorgeous amazing place
like the whole trip I've been like oh
that thing I drove by was really nice
but today actually got to like walk
around how do you feel teeny you've been
here before you don't matter he was one
of my five favorites just their feelings
on Zayn leaving one direction I'm
actually yes oh my and now he's getting
death threats for it like a million
hours ago and it's seven hundred and
forty nine minutes remaining it'll get
there one day
I want to show you guys something real
quick
something's happening it never happens
hanging out with Josh during the mean
green I'm pretty for it this is nice I'm
enjoying it it's the next day and we're
on our way to hold koala bears
just fair warning Josh caline's of my
vlogs will all be the same from this day
so if you just want the same footage
from different angles who put a check
out everyone else's vlogs Kalina spotted
became I don't wanna hurt you but about
to work you watch your mouth drop real
ow I'm turning you well up I'm burning
the clutch full speed both feet to the
flower feet to the flower
I'm currently feeding a kangaroo your
bro oh I'm so scared of you Helen has
horns
did you look fluffy and soft you look
like the stuffed animal I always wanted
to come to life this might be one of the
coolest things that are done it's
definitely and one of the top flies
because I just had full little ducks and
a looking crew just eating out of my
hand at the same time
oh great hey brah wanna be my friend
no this vlog it was an awesome time at
the koala park the kangaroo thing and
the ball of beat thing I don't know what
you call it usually I'm super against
Zeus but the animals were like in their
actual natural habitats and they weren't
really in cages and they were just kind
of like free-range it was so cool that
we could like interact with them and
stuff just interrupted my speaking sorry
this vlog is up super late we have been
travelling and literally the venues and
the hotels internet just don't work and
we've had multiple shows a day I've just
excuses excuses but here's the vlog now
hope you guys like it I know you've
probably already seen the footage on
Josh's and Colleen's vlogs but hey
here's from another angle
