so I just came over to Colleen's because
I needed my mom to take pictures of me
and blaze if you didn't know I'm doing
I'm not doing the giveaway arm the
animals is doing a giveaway I am just a
model for them on my Instagram not
getting paid or anything they just
really hey will you be a part of our
giveaway I was like kiss yes I will so
if you want to win a $150 gift card from
army animals go to my Instagram and find
out how but my mom just took pictures of
me and blaze blaze is adorable I'm
adorable everyone's just adorable you're
not gonna win mom he's so big you tried
I just loose it did missin missin me
English I just uploaded my blog today
late it's like 7:30 p.m. which is late
but I remembered to put an intro this
time but then I forgot to say who made
the interrupts and the top right I was
putting like who made the intro alle
thyng 28 at Rachel's Ballinger made the
intro from yesterday's vlog okay Ellie
we know each other
hello I love you okay that's up I just
wanted to say that oh my god YouTube
he's on my vlog channel it's odd it's
but I uploaded my video and apparently I
had a song which I've used before in
multiple vlogs that I'm not allowed to
use anymore and so I had to delete the
video to re-upload it like I did when I
talked about YouTube Brett I was like
why are you guys blocking my vlogging I
said why are you guys targeting my vlog
channel so much because my main channel
never gets hit with anything and it's
the same thing like the same content and
personality and music and stuff basic oh
we're not targeting channels we don't
target channels we go to my system our
system visit vlog bye bye video by video
it doesn't has nothing to do with your
channel I was like yes you don't let
that's impossible
music no we don't target channels it's
not focusing on channels it's focusing
on just videos individually it's
impossible because every time I upload a
vlog something is wrong I bought a main
Channel video nothing nothing is wrong
anyway so I'm exporting now I had to
change the music because I got it make I
make very little money on my bought
channel but that few dollars I do get
honey mama needs it I'm just come on
come on YouTube work with me here work
with me
what we do here this go back back back
how come whenever I take out the camera
you try and eat it I was trying to show
how cute you are
and that little face you get when I
scratch your face whether I took it at
the camera and you're trying to eat it
stop trying to eat my camera don't you
eat my hand don't you eat my hand eating
my hand this hand you're not allowed to
eat thank you Saturday we do a
livestream today some combining
yesterday and today for tomorrow's vlog
so late middle so I'm not allowed to be
tired I'm not tired I'm more like oh
content well rested too much this is
something people just gonna get mad at
me for being like what sleep but you
forget too much sleep that you end up
like overcharging your batteries and
being tired again that is happened to me
before it's not this case in this case I
needed my sleep what's up what's up
handsome mm-hmm give me your face in
your face give it to me a minute come on
jump jump you lazy bum he wants me to
pick him up he's so lazy he wants me to
just pick him up go boy hey you know
you're not supposed to get down get down
from there oh boy now cuddle me like a
good boy
now I have the face now I get the face
all day it's in my face
vicious you're such a grown-up now you
look like such a grown-up but not a
puppy anymore this is what I do with my
morning guys I just play with my dog
this is what I do with every moment of
every day and I just play with my dog
there you go go sleep you big monster
 love my dog I freaking love my
dogs
it's way later in the day and I'm having
dinner with my paw
and my mom we're eating really fancy
really expensive Jersey Mike's very good
for us
I'm dead
I'm very generous
