how people make hand puppets the only
one I could do is the alligator oh mama
I go some people do bunnies I think it
needs to be a shadow on a wall more for
it to look cool that's just me doing
exclamation points wait is that a bunny
dude aren't getting dressed cuz our
family friend candy is coming and she
created her own business called glazed
donuts and she makes the world's best
Donuts basically and she's bringing us
some and so I have to get dressed so I
can go eat a bunch of really good don't
that's okay I've come to my mommy's room
and grab my mom because she's my panel
on this trip we're gonna go get some
frickin donut man
ouch candy just gave us all these donuts
and she went to get another box all the
donuts wait I feel like we should take
pictures and things first I didn't ruin
it
I need to Pintrest email or something
Pinterest a picture as you yourself
never seen something so beautiful the
fish market smells like fish but I know
it's gonna be delicious time to eat some
grub other than donuts which as I've
been eating all morning liver
alien I'm currently editing this video
that you're watching right now and I
need to explain what this man is he is
in his boxer briefs walking around the
fish market but has tied a jacket around
his waist in the front to make it look
like he's wearing a skirt but his full
backside is showing that the jacket
hides nothing so yep clearly I had to
chase him around someone left on our
table still nice of them it's raining
real hard right now and you hate
everything
TV feels sick oopsie we are now in New
Castle it's how we didn't stay maybe if
you're lucky I don't know what day it is
now we've got a show and I'm just
getting ready to go to tech and this is
the longest hallway I've ever seen in my
entire life
and it scares me a lot today is
Jackson's birthday so the rest of the
vlog is just one massive dance party
that's a great dance party we just had
but uh since Jackson's first birthday we
are putting candles on dark chocolate
Tim Tams because they're the best kind
and we're going to sing happy birthday
but one of the piece just broke so it's
happy birthday Jackson's not even here
by the way this is just for us and tini
it's mainly for tini
we are the yeah this is adorable
we are so weird and strange I'm gonna to
Tim damn mouth
and every time it rains it rains pandas
room heaven she'll be
