wait where are we hobbits in happy town
one Hobbit Hobbiton word Hobbiton we
drove a really long time to get here I
saw lots of hills and lots of cows
here's my mom now we're gonna go see
where they film The Hobbit I'm gonna
find a hobbit and look today I'm rocking
a fanny pack
and look there's a there's a real I'm
hot right now so I'm about to go on the
tour I have no clue what to expect I
didn't even see the Hobbit whoopsie
expect a lot of people doing this which
is what just happened ah there's a
people in New Zealand keep trying to get
in my shot you'd be like what are you
talking yet maybe they think you're
taking a picture of something up there
oh trying to see do you give that but
you're probably what it is
yes vlogging is not natural here yeah a
lot of people are trying to photobomb
that was so five years ago people
yeah but we're about to go on the tour
and they didn't have enough room for us
on one of the big buses so we're gonna
get in a small little minivan behind the
bus what celebrity status except not at
all this is the normal bus it's gonna be
packed with human beings and this is our
personal bus it's just gonna be us fun
human beings I know nothing about The
Hobbit or the Lord of the Rings but
everything here is really pretty
except that thing pretty pretty any
ready
pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty
my precious pretty
ready ready ready you little baby
no comment embarrassing yes
tours over me and my mother are drinking
I'm drinking a stout beer mother's
drinking ginger ginger beer which is
non-alcoholic
so we're home from The Hobbit place and
we did the show and the mean Creek and
here's my mommy and I start back down my
mom needed me to push her we're about to
leave New Zealand which means we're
about to leave Jackson and Simon and
look how sad Jackson is about it
so sad
but teeny staying with us but Simon's
leaving that's it we're gonna go to
Australia now we're chillin at the
airport now waiting for a flight to
Sydney and some of those places that
doesn't tell you the gate till you have
to board it so we have nothing to do
right it's charging station and that's
it I've nothing important or exciting to
report we made it to Australia there's
my mommy on a windowsill we're gonna go
do dinner with some old family friends
that should be by looking on muscles so
many muscles okay guys I haven't vlogged
in forever because last yesterday when
we landed our sister went to go take our
phones to get Australian SIM cards put
put in them so that we could you know
text and call people but they were
closed and then we went out to dinner
but that time she got back and so we
just didn't have our phones all night so
she had to take them again this morning
and then so I just got my phone back
it's 11 a.m. what day is it Monday
it's 11 a.m. on Monday for in Australia
America it's different
I don't know I'm messed up but I had to
go get pictures printed for the VIP kids
you know I have to go get labels printed
so I have to go all this stuff down and
then we want to go on the sub Harborwalk
thing but I'm gonna have time and it's a
stressful
everyone's been stressed out and I don't
wanna belong that's all my mommy and I
finished our errands and now we get to
meet up with everyone and we're at the
Sydney Opera House
and I'm trying to find people so I can
eat because I've been up since 7:00 and
it's almost 1:00 and I haven't eaten
anything yet
I'm not tell me a couple in
oh I'm vlogging oh geez genius cleanness
put an ice pack on her shoulder cuz
she's broken I look busted it's Tuesday
morning and I'm ending Monday's vlog
thanks for watching guys and that's
about it
I have nothing more exciting to say
Sidney's cool I'm gonna go explore more
of it today and I'll film more and vlog
much for the past weekend because my
phone got taken a lot but that's because
it was getting fixed that's about it
more exciting things will come okay bye
well the bless my soul what's wrong me a
Mitch
