it's the next day it's our first show
day in New Zealand this tini
there's my mom uh we have to go get
things printed through the VIP kids tell
them where to download their photos
because that was something that just
slipped through the cracks or didn't do
it so we're walking to a print shop
let's go everybody
so yesterday I started uploading a video
and it stopped halfway through the night
because my internet went out and so I'm
still uploading the vlog it's taking a
really long time but I will get there it
will happen it's lunchtime I got some
Indian food da da da I just got coffee
they pull up cooking up my coffee right
now
my head's under water but I'm breathing
fine I'm trying to forget the meet and
greet just doing my stuff my headshots
that I shipped here did not get
delivered so I don't get headshots to
sell and you guys don't get headshots to
buy I won't have them until the second
show it's Sydney so that really sucks
and I feel really bad about it also
cleans didn't get shipped either Ashurst
got lost in the mail everyone's
stressing about that I'm running with
Jackson ready the show and now I'm going
to pick up my mommy in her room
so that she can come up and play with me
because
guys I found a dragon
touched it are you gonna touch it yeah
that's right touch the Dragon probably
shouldn't be talking about stranger
children Jackson and I are about to go
on an airplane by Wellington and then
hello Auckland a black thing there we go
good work
Jackson that's weird we're in Auckland
now and we're walking to go get lunch
and there's a stranger I don't know him
it's lunchtime dirty pop running tag my
laptop's not working in the projector
and this happens all the time
here's the theater so tech was like the
worst thing that's ever happened teeny
had to do this for like 30 minutes
misses filming you okay me I wish I was
about to start so clearly we're in our
professional outfits you're a little
lamb you look pretty
I like you know I know short time okay
so we did the show and then we agreed
and it was good and now I'm gonna go to
sleep because I wake up at 7 a.m. cuz
we're gonna go to the Hobbit land
tomorrow so that's gonna be fun that's
it for now Wellington and Auckland are
awesome places good bye I love the
witness big you can fill it in the crowd
come on bring them sticks
