we're at a shoot for Colleen's thing
that she's doing people people
everywhere I had to get half-naked I had
to be in the pool my boobs are wet
I bought this what things are happening
it's a weird day
and this we're supposed to have him like
a spring break party but this is not how
I do so I don't know how what I'm doing
I'm at my sister's after the show and
teenie and Heather come running out in
these we towed I'm starting this off
I'm currently penny boarding home
decided to drop off my car because the
brakes were terrible and I wanted to get
it fixed before I went to Australia but
I don't have anyone to pick me up from
the mechanic anyone with working car at
least so I have to penny board home I
made it in one trip in one piece you
know the streets around here not paved
very well I had to just jump off my
board and run a couple times so I
wouldn't fall over it's Christopher's
birthday on Monday which is the day
you're watching this but today is Sunday
and we're all at a sushi place
celebrating his birthday even when I
lose I'm winning cause I give you
I'm back from sushi it's still Sunday
night and some Maddie Van Cleave sent me
a huge package did you see my budget
sound send me a huge package thing and
I'm gonna open it because I thought
maybe that might be interesting to you I
sliced it open already
since I'm Lakers have a nice snapback
matches my shirt and everything why did
you send me all these really nice things
this was so nice of you
what's this Oh ball what do you do with
it I will figure what out this what it
is later there's a court it's a piggy
bank
Oh Ann nice lotion berry blossom Oh mind
if I do it's like my birthday but it's
not even my birthday yet okay I don't
open these wait deal with one hand
how does Trenton live he always does
everything with one Starbucks gift card
why I don't understand why you sent me
all these things it was really nice of
you okay it's a note I'm gonna read it
by where the letter was really nice I
figured out what this thing is there's a
ball and I had to start at the start
then I have to pull all the way around
at the end and I'm stressing out about
I've been playing for 20 minutes and I
go play for 20 more by right this is the
end everyone please go make sure you
give my brother a happy birthday wish
either on Twitter or his YouTube or his
Instagram seriously go subscribe to him
he's got cute kids he does awesome magic
he's honestly one of the best magicians
I've ever seen it and I've seen a lot of
magicians because I grew up with him and
he made me watch a lot of magicians
anyway I go give Christopher a happy
birthday wish please look my legs in the
air out of happiness leave well this
looks weird okay happy birthday and this
is the end of this vlog seriously though
do it I want you to go subscribe to him
go follow him go like him go share his
face I don't know what are all the
social media things you do and if you
could do any of them go do it to him
yes okay great happy birthday
Christopher I love you
