so this week's vlog ajiz pretty weird uh
since I went to Disneyland and Universal
I only posted vlogs of what I did those
days but I still had the rest of the
week where I'd vlog like every once in a
while so this is just a mesh up of all
the things that happened tonight like
really pretty right now so today after
Disneyland and kollene summoned me to
her house in her beautiful backyard and
we're having a picnic
just kidding I'm working her butt in
crash Isaac crafts time is time to put
the finishing touches on the book so
that's happening so I'm gonna do that
now look how gross my feet are but
fetish much : it's got a vlog II and
Josh gonna ye yeah just got me a vlog oh
all these boys are buying your
girlfriend's log 'yes happy
I want a vlogging you should celebrate
hitting five hundred thousand by getting
yourself a block I had five hundred
thousand who's a bug on my phone
oh that's there another smush bug juice
on my phone got you to vlog you can't
use this money more
I'm sure P will be like I can't believe
you killed that bug you couldn't just
flick it off it was a gnat what good is
a gnat going to do to this world
ah thanks lying away good intro I'm n
Colin's four hours later as I look
attractive I took a break I went to food
and the gym and now Colleen's having a
bookmaking party she made all of her
friends come over to help make her book
that's how she works she's like hey guys
what do you know I mean make my book so
everyone's here mamrie just put a
cricket on a panties I can't I'm not
allowed to show you by the book and you
can see what Mabry did holy crap there's
a freaking car that's on fire right
there
should I go around it I'm just gonna
turn right holy crap that thing is like
on fire on fire no one was in it it
looked like everyone was totally fine so
thank God for that I put my phone away
so I don't crash I pulled over at Taco
Bell
seriously though thankfully it doesn't
look like anyone's hurt the fire
department just got here oh shoot man
the car over there isn't even see the
car over there that's my
stuff I hope everyone's okay the fire
department thank you fire department
thank you save lives thank you behind me
I'm still kind of watching it through my
window I'm getting talked about I mean
why not I've got gift cards um that
looks like they're putting someone the
other car the one that wasn't on fire
they just took someone aisle and put him
on a stretcher so that sucks
I can't really see anything since I post
this video a couple days after I film it
I'll look up what happened tell you guys
sucks really does I mellows trying to
attempt to get kollene a barbecue so
yeah while I'm waiting for the man to
come go get me my barbecue I'm gonna
tell you guys
so that accident I saw I looked online
this morning and it was the guy in the
SUV with the that exploded he was drunk
driving so really great and two people
want the hospital so two guys drink and
drive you are disgusting
that's all I did that thing again or I
decided to run errands on a weekend
instead of just during the week like I'm
able to and I'm at Costco and just
finding a parking spot is actually the
worst thing in the world and I know I'm
gonna get very angry on them inside when
people don't know how to push their own
cart get ready people it's gonna be a
bad one there's so many people here I
hate everybody why do you all exist
stopping foods buddy
so I got the barbecue America lanes or
barbecuing and she's setting the place
like really classy with our paper towels
as placements in our paper plates as
dishes cuz we don't like to wash dishes
afterwards back from dinner at my
sister's place it's midnight I'm editing
a few videos doing some work for Colleen
for guitars drag a cup of coffee and in
the morning I'm gonna Universal with my
friends Michael and Sammy show it's
gonna be a long night
and an early morning because I have to
wake up at like 8:00 life update I
wanted to target like I normally do
Starbucks at all
and then I got stopped by a man and he
said I am from The Ellen DeGeneres Show
and I went and then you and you need to
stick around because there will be an
announcement and a competition so
there's a competition I had to buy shoes
ugly things the world but I will not let
sandals white me down at first come to
at hand I don't know what's happening to
go back in the store for announcement
paper bad for awesomeness we're trying
to scavenger hunt I've lost three times
in a row one time we had to put on
bikini second time you know to find
Burt's Bees something no time we what
was it I come out on jacket an aviator
sunglasses I came in third for the
Burt's Bees man I almost want it she's
giving away like thousands of dollars
target gets cards I am out of breath if
you buy the thing when she says that
then you're gonna win but other than
that you could you not got to do it
there's more I gotta go bye I was not
the first person to anything but they
did give me fifty bucks because I was so
close several times I am hot and sweaty
and I'm just going to buy a Gatorade
right now cuz I'm out of it I was on The
Ellen Show it's the day after it aired
and I just want to talk about how also
it was just to see have everyone tweet
me and Facebook me and tag Instagram
pictures of me running Alan cheers me
I'm gonna put a link down below of the
footage the Ellen freaking was rooting
for me cuz I there was this one point
with the Ninja Blender that I had it I
was the only one that had it I was
running and Ellen was cheering for me
the hope the whole store was cheering
for me and then this woman appeared out
of nowhere complete plant complete
cheater disappeared with a Ninja Blender
like you literally did not see her until
I was at the finish line and she was
just magically there and even Ellen was
confused anyway but they did give me
fifty bucks but when I went to Target to
use my $50 one of the gift cards didn't
work so wah-wah but it's okay that's not
the important part here that's not at
all I should even be complaining about
that because I was just on a load and
that was also I know you guys might be
bored of hearing about it and annoyed
with it because I've been tweeting and
instagramming about it like crazy but it
was very exciting for me and I had a lot
of fun and I got to compete I love
competing and I love activities and I
love doing active things so all of that
was in one and Ellen generous anyway I'm
done ranting about it that was so much
fun
so the links below if you guys want to
watch it you see a part of when I'm
putting on a bathing suit my butt crack
is blurred out thank you very much and
you see me behind the camera a couple
times and then you see me just bolting
with that Ninja Blender
see knock down an entire shelf of Burt's
Bees because I am trying to win like if
you say it's a competition and there's
money on the line you there's no rules
I'm done I almost pushed over a man
because he was in my way I was in it to
win it and I didn't win it but it was
okay because I was still in it
alright thanks for guys for watching I
love you bye
