Oh guess what I'm doing today not him
Universal
I'm trying to go into Universal but they
literally won't let me in they wrote on
my ticket access not permitted they
don't want me to come in then I stood in
six different lines for thirty thousand
yards and I'm bored I don't even want to
be here anymore
nothing scary huh focus camera I hate
this thing I need a Bloggie that's not
pretty fun one ride and then I
immediately needed a coffee
I'm not even here with kids I'm just
here with friends and I still need
coffee I'm standing in line for
transformers obviously and I had to stop
do you think that there are any American
citizens out there who don't know what
our president looks like Michael says
yes he also thinks that their people you
said who is our president and they won't
know I don't get American citizen I feel
like everyone has to release in his
facebook I mean
I got an argument zero help of this
equation time to say that Universal
Studios Hollywood is terribly played out
like you have to go up sticks
massive escalators to get to the second
part of the park whatever its called
like you can't even get to the golf
course
yeah we've gotta go okay and see the kit
magazine they can't get to it's just
terrible a I'm like let the park all in
one spot don't make me up and down
masses oh thank you if I was our one
right down here and then right after
brother right over here it's gonna take
me a half hour do you guys want to see
some really great foliage and greenery
here it is it's really good to the
environment I'm on a tour at Universal
hero staring at me gonna be yelling
everything rides on
nice i'ma go
very good mr. Skinner's on both sides of
the tranny I want a duck they love to
spit why would the water oh don't do it
don't do it
Universal shooting water doesn't have
that feeling is this puzzle
screaming Joe you got a big shark it
furry buddy if I want to get out of
there George
here George that's what I was afraid of
Anthony's flying is just a hand of
course that's terrible
kids cover your parents eyes
mark alright we're at the water world
show Oh focused there's some people
Universal Studios is over I mean right
there's the same it's like some 3d
action and then there's water in your
face but now we're playing pool
