don't wanna battle bot
additionally today I woke up ten minutes
after her party supposed to have left
but Killeen was nice enough to come pick
me up
and we're gonna go to this Juliette so
clean did my makeup in the car because I
was driving it was a funny experience
now we're trying to speed walk to
Disneyland because our friend assigning
us ed and we have to be there exactly
ten ten in order for him to sign us in
and it's like ten ten right now and we
have a 15-minute walks
I should have woken up to my alarm when
I went off this morning but I vlog on my
blog camper today instead of my phone so
that I saved battery so get rid of for a
lot of unfocused things
what panties yes that's aunty panties
she's ignoring you isn't she
Jake is dressed as Han Solo for the day
yo han Solo
that's not what Han Solo does okay told
me he got foggy I'm so excited I don't
have it oh yeah yeah I don't have it
today
ah good Colleen's gonna get bought
getting to get vlogging Parker do you
have lucky peer pressure
fear okay pretty though yeah okay thank
you
on your I use me grandpa eyelashes I'm
sorry Jake
oh yes Jacob and had cotton candy before
oh yeah he's had this essentially it
goes inside of him on yeah this is this
buddy
Jake's going beast mode on this thing I
mean that's how you take a bite akan
candy hard line for cars ride hippy
we're waiting for the kids to have their
sugar attack because
sugar as your something Jacob you gotta
cast into a princess give you that kiss
yeah this princess
no clue what she was doing it was almost
our turn to get onto the cars ride and
it just shut down right when we got to
the front he hit me so now he's gonna
head over to Disneyland and hopefully
come back because a very nice lady
Theresa what was her name Teresa she
gave us a little past week and come back
and very excited about it
now it's time in the vlog where
Christopher spews out a bunch of boring
facts from start to the opening of
Disneyland
it only took some seven months to build
great look at the majestic Matterhorn
when Disney first decided to build the
Matterhorn his plans were too high for a
standard building in this area so it
needed to be a sports facility so that
he put a half-court basketball hoop
inside the Matterhorn there is still a
hoop in the header who doesn't already
know that fact that's what I am saying
but did you know why the gazebo which
can now be found in New Orleans square
used to reside in this area but it
obstructed the view of the castle from
the entrance so they had to move it at
first they moved it to the plaza area
and then there we bought myself a new
case I kind of regret it because just as
mine on it
we got to see animals whooping all the
way I'm not going to stop you gotta go
don't get any ideas
fail got ditched
note on the cars ride and left me with
the kid gave him a cup I don't know else
he wants picking out something what are
you picking at did you drop is that food
that you were saving for later that
looks really cute clean it's great
god you're such a clean child face what
I don't know what you're saying it's not
English
peaches grandma can you translate your
good
to the Parker do the Parker do the
Parker to the so new dance
craze
straight up
I'm gonna lego star right now and I
attempted to play with everything but
all the children are playing with it so
I can't Bailey is asleep I carry her
from California Adventure to the Lego
store which is all the way on the other
side of Downtown Disney and my arms are
tired they're marked up from her dress
see the marks she put on me I don't get
to play with the Legos but Jake gets one
and I don't get one I'm on Disneyland
I'm editing the vlog currently we had a
lot of fun we did a lot of things it was
just the greatest and now I'm ending
this vlog because it's really really
long one sorry but I've logged a lot
because those kids are freaking cute and
I love Disney that's all okay I love you
guys Maggie
