duh it's it's 2:30 its thirst to twins
Wednesday it's Wednesday I've been doing
stuff I went to the bank or whatever
cool Ian's plays and now I make a while
it's really unhealthy but I freaking won
him and I've got strawberries to put on
top it's the perfect scenario to eat a
waffle so I ate my wife when it was
delicious
Tess you saw I mean dad it's a waffle
but I just filmed a Rachel's room you
know ahead of the game and then I you
know I looked at my bedroom afterwards
and it just straight up looks like I'm
filming a porno in my room my friend
Michael every time he's come over and my
camera is always out because I'm lazy
don't put it away he's always like oh
she's another porno I see cuz it's
actually just a setup for a porno if
anyone came into my room they didn't
know I did YouTube they would just think
I was making a sex tape my mom sent me a
Buffalo Wild Wings gift cards on buffalo
wings I'm at breakfast my sister's place
and I just helped her film a really
inspirational more ended video that I
hope you guys have already watched do
what you want to do unless these truly
inspiring you'll just become a better
person after watching it oh my gosh I
found four pennies I'm rich and I'm
lucky I'm a silicon what's up got more
thug I'm going to Sports Authority
because Jessica randomly texted me that
Jacob needs a baseball uniform so I
don't know she was joking but I'm buying
him one cuz why not all right I think I
figured out a little outfit but I'm just
so scared it's gonna be too big on him
cuz I mean Jacobs a little dude he's a
tiny little man
I mean he's awesome but he's tiny so I'm
just afraid that it's gonna be too big
on him
there's no smaller sizes for oh and also
he's not here with me to decide like he
was here with me I'd make him drive
things on hashtag first world problems
now it's time for stretching with Rachel
and some workout Wow look at those
people having a really intense workout
that looks really tough and touching my
toes you can't see my toes but you can
see me upside down this is how bored I
get when I'm stretching this isn't I
really sad attempt at the splits two
feet go up the beat go down feet go up
the feet go down and repeat a million
times until you wanna die alright that
was just a little gym workout I'm home
now I'm gonna drink some protein take a
shower and go to bed
I have to wake up early having some fun
with some children tomorrow that sounds
weird but don't worry I'll vlog it so
you can see about it on Monday um that's
it for this blog thanks for watching I
don't have anything interesting to say
and you don't care to hear me blah blah
blah blah that's what new word Bible bye
