I needed to get outside cuz I'm in Miami
so I'm walking to CVS this is my
exploring Miami and I found a really
good way to tape your license plate to
the wheel of your motorcycle like I
don't how he plans to drive like this
because his license plate will get run
over
can I just say two pieces of luggage are
mine and Coleen's and the rest are
Miranda's this diva needs to learn to
travel lighter look how much luggage
there is diva need to say about this
hey you created the monster I know she's
a total diva so much crap I hate it I
can travel with literally this backpack
yes I guess all I need this backpack and
Miranda has two huge suitcases a duffel
bag bags of gifts hater welcome to Miami
the next day I'm back from Miami
it's 10:30 a.m. and I have to go do a
shoot for a brand deal on an on their
Channel this zit
it's a deep one I can't even get to it
yet but it's just brewing making me look
like I have a bug bite or a punch on my
face or something but it's really cute
and it's so big that I can't cover it
with makeup and it's pushing my skin up
so much that the pores on my cheekbones
are actually like spread open they're
like massive holes and you can't tell
because it's I mean yeah it's ridiculous
anyway I have to go to a shoot it's
gonna be something I thought you guys
about it later what I'm gonna go do it
so I'm not late bye
I just finished the shoot actually it
was pretty fun everyone there was really
really nice at the zip though they were
probably staring it at the whole time it
was it's a brand deal but I thought they
were gonna be like super serious about
it cuz it's kind of like campy brand
deals sort of thing if you guys know
what that means but they were everyone
the shoot was really fun so it made it
more fun I know you guys hate brand ales
but I have to make money
sorry you want me to keep you know
having a life is living with money then
I have to make the money that's that
okay I'm gonna go home and do more work
because I have to post a Tuesday video I
have to film it first I know what I'm
gonna do but I have to film and post it
today I'm smart we're smart
okay it's way later I filmed the Tuesday
video and posted it I went to Target and
then I've been sitting in my computer
catching up on YouTube videos that
people have done because I'm Way behind
and doing work and stuff like that so
I'm about to hit the gym and that's it
for this vlog you guys don't need to see
much in workout you really don't care
about that yeah so that's it thanks turn
in see you what's today they'll post
this on a Wednesday so see you Friday
bye
you just you know what
