welcome to the hot mess show I'm in
Oklahoma City right now
and kollene was like you have to wake up
today I'm good you two fill me in the
snow you have to wake up Italian well
guess what 10:00 a.m. for in Oklahoma is
8 a.m. in LA and one of the reasons I
became youtubers that I wouldn't have to
wake up before 9:00 so I'm tired it's
just a mess
sorry but anyway cleaning was like you
have to become a 10 so you can fill me
in the snow
well there's zero snow out there so I
don't know where she wants me to film
her but girl there's no snow here okay
now it's snowing it's falling on the
ground and it's snowing guess what my
winter clothes are just a snowman
sweater that uh got breast milk on it
yesterday so cool I found my Apple cars
all over the lobby I'm gonna take this
guy's gold shirts they're really nice to
make my purple shirt it's really good
not discolored personally so many
I love your cold and white flannel wait
there's actually gold on it and white so
I read a theory online that if you stare
at a light for ten seconds and then look
at the blue and black dress that you
will see white gold
oh I stared at a flashlight right in my
eyeballs with like 30 seconds and looked
at the damn dress and everything around
me is now a white blur but that dress is
still like a little timeline but the
dress is black and blue not white and
gold this ever is trolling
I'm positive everyone's trolling it's a
troll it's black and blue I'm sitting
with card I have to go to the hotel but
so cool that but I don't like this like
buffer just run oh so cold I didn't
dressed for cold I dressed for Miami
we're going to Tampa and Miami after
this oh those are Florida other war but
this is Oklahoma and you're called
Oklahoma you're called
all I punish my snowman sweater and I
brought one coins head thingies all
right let's do this
oh not the card of doing it evidence no
okay oh all right mom sinner
we're inside now I got flake in my
eyeball
Colleen's making me help her film a
video outside in the snow I currently
hate her
we're at the venue now we're outside
once again because Colleen needs to film
more footage
I refuse to be cold so I put a onesie on
over my clothes and they put my jacket
on over that I'm freezing okay clean
gave me a thumbs up she wants me to go
film by what are you proud about Colleen
nothing's I need to prove right now you
were proud of something a little earlier
I was oh this floor is so cold I'm back
um I was proud I went to bathroom and I
was like oh I need to change my clothes
I went to bathroom and I was like okay
pee I guess I let's idle until it starts
being I was like I think I could poo and
look down between my legs and saw the
poo in the toilet but it was still
attached to me it was so long and it was
like a foot and a half she's screwing a
girl at the end
she's screaming from the bathroom that
she wished she had her phone so she
could take a picture I did not get her
her phone not a true friends I am a true
sister no they were not it's like you
know it's toppings okay we're back site
for a starter shop currently doing the
meet-and-greet I took myself as with
everyone
my work is done at 7:30 a.m. and we're
on airplane to Tampa and Khalid has been
throwing up all night I feel like I feel
really sick as well but I'm not throwing
up she definitely has a way worse than I
do I hope we taught some sort of bugs
the sort of stomach flu virus
anyway she's she's a sad little puppy
we're really nervous about the show
tonight
because I mean she's throwing up so when
we live about take her to Urgent Care or
just put her straight to bed and detect
myself I don't know what's gonna happen
we're gonna try and do the show but
she's very very sick all right we made
it to Tampa Colleen is sleeping in her
hopefully she's asleep she's supposed to
be taking a nap it's like almost 4:00 so
I have to go run tech and usually she
comes with me for tech cuz she has to
run sound but we figured it's better she
just stay here and rest so I'm gonna go
do tech and then someone will go get her
later I don't know how she's gonna do a
show I feel like she definitely has the
flu she was throwing up and everything
but I feel like I got sick and safely
cuz yesterday I was like clean I feel
like I'm gonna throw up she's like it's
in your mind just don't think about it
and I was like I think I'm gonna rope
don't think about I was like okay but I
felt really gross all day and then this
morning I felt still felt gross but
better and then she was like yeah I
threw up it's it's been a tough 24 hours
Oh cute I got makeup on my bicep my
really strong bicep I'm like I'm gonna
do tuck can't really see it
I'm at theater I just detect by myself
and I have to : tating a massage right
now she pulled something in her back and
she couldn't feel her hand so they
couldn't get a chiropractor so instead
they got a masseuse I don't know if you
can see me right now collide is really
bad hear him I do this huh so she got
him assists just getting a quick massage
and before the show and then I ordered
dinner hopefully she can keep that down
so she has energy to freakin do the show
I don't know how she's doing this with
the flu but whatever it's after the show
she did it she did the whole show and
the whole meet-and-greet didn't throw up
at all every time she came backstage
though she's like I feel like I'm about
to pass out but she's freaking trouper
and she did it um I sent her back to the
hotel there wasn't enough room in the
car for me to go and her and all the
luggage and all the presents you guys
gave us so she went with the luggage and
then I'm waiting for the driver to come
back and pick me up with the presents I
have all the presents ma yeah but that's
all there's a squeaky car outside but
you can't hear what I say
there's a cloud and I hate it I can't
hear anything not even myself
this stupid music hashtag I'm an old
lady
Oh
Oh
you
