hi I just uh how are you guys
I know it is so late right now for a lot
of you it's only 9:15 here but it's late
for most of the world I know in New York
it's like midnight and then other places
it's other times those are the two time
zones I know my dog is eating his
bandana so he should stay pretty
occupied for the livestream until I have
to take that away because he literally
eats it how are you how are you it's
only midnight it's okay lalalalalala I'm
just hoping that a lot of you are laying
like me and have no Saturday plans no
what's that we'll never understand
people that do things on Fridays and
Saturday nights I'm like that no I don't
do anything on any of the nights uh
alright um I don't have a hashtag let's
just do tag name to notice I guess I
should have a hashtag uh uh are you
going to Hawaii
yes Thalia I am coming Hawaii and I
booked my flight there and I had not
booked my flight back yet I should
probably do that I just don't want to
admit that I have to come home
I'm coming home earlier than everyone
else I believe yeah coming up a few days
earlier I can't stand to be away from my
dog that long people hey I have nothing
interesting to say today except the
titles is live stream ok so I just went
out on a walk with that dude because hmm
not Kobe I didn't itell I wish I when I
go out with Kody I went on a walk with
this dude and it's the first time the
air felt like Christmas like I walked
out and it was cool and crisp and it
smelled like freshness and cold oh it
was so good it was so good I was so
happy on my little walk I was only gonna
go out for 15 minutes but I was enjoying
the air so much you stayed out for 30
hey don't go to crap on that that's your
only toy you get through this live
stream
Punk
uh what's the hashtag I don't know
someone come up with a hashtag for this
is that this is gonna be a super long
livestream just really really how have
you already destroyed it oh my gosh you
already gonna miss out give me that
how does he do this so quickly he
literally got that a minute ago I gave
it to a write as a live stream started
doing
I have workouts to do and baths to give
him I'm giving him a bath
not give me like mad about that be weird
oh how can I feel like Christmas in
California girl you still in the palm
trees yes Ava I am and they have a
certain smell during this time no it's
just the air get slightly not as hot and
then you're like harshness that's what
it's cool and crisp and refreshing and
the ground isn't dry so it has a little
scent to it
yeah just chew on a corner you want to
rip it don't rip it just chew on the
corner good boy
Rachel it's 5:15 a.m. where I am why are
you awake see might see nyle why are you
awake
hope you awake at that time xmas that
Rachel's is that that's I don't like
Rachel likes Christmas air that's it
hashtag Rachel likes Christmas air
that's what the hashtag shall be I
stopped listening Christmas music for
the live stream you're welcome Juliet
why don't you just listen to Christmas
music at a lower volume while my black
shirt is going and then it's like you
know what it's just like a little nice
background music while I speak so that
when I do have awkward silences when I'm
reading you have something going on to
fill that awkward silence I think
everyone should do this hashtag the
hashtag is that there should be no
hashtag boos I don't want to type is
that something that bugs you guys all
right first up I don't know why we have
a hashtag I don't know why you guys
can't just tag me I was it because
people like when they ghosts red thing I
don't really care about that
I don't care the trend so we can do no
hashtag if you guys want cuz this night
here you do have less room to write I
guess that's not a problem anymore
because you now at 280 characters to the
point forty but and then you don't have
to write as much so if you guys want a
bit no hashtag we can be dunno hashtag
why is Wednesday spelt so ugly girl
Charlotte you're telling me wet nice day
it's ridiculous I don't know why not a
lot of words I'm like why are we doing
that why are we spelling it like this
you don't make sense English oh my god
dog you guys can hear I'm ripping that
right no give it where is it it's in
your mouth somewhere give it to me where
is it ah there it is thank you
sorry let's save my dog's life no biggie
I'm not gonna use the hashtag thank you
alright guys no hashtags Allah Allah
Allah Allah Allah Allah doesn't want one
hashtag sugars wafers for you to find
her tweets faster
Liliha why don't you just tag me in it
just I miss our baller and then next the
shorter I guess it is that that's not
the same well then you could just reply
to the thing that I'm tagged does I see
it just as fast as I would see the
hashtag oh I gotta put my glasses on for
my set this far back but she chose my
I'm sorry Olivia
I'm sorry I'm sorry guys
again if you send me pictures I can't
really comment on them because no one
else can see the picture and then it's
just weird cuz I'm talking about
something no one knows what I'm talking
about
so I appreciate your pictures but at the
same time I can't really talk about them
dip an Oreo and ketchup why do you hate
me so much
why why are you my you mean I love you
and blaze tell them I say hi blaze blaze
blaze Hey Hey look at me look at me pay
attention to me Hey
hey place Brooklyn says hi he's so rude
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm refreshing can
you come to Australia so I could meet
you Sarah
maybe one day maybe one day that's right
now I'll eventually be back I just don't
know when
today's Mickey Mouse's birthday wait
like they made up as birthday or the day
that Walt Disney made him is it like his
anniversary or his birthday I need to
know Jess I need to know I'm eating
skittles I like skittles
I opened a bag of skittles today and the
right eye up with two bags of skills
then each time a red one flew out I was
like hey get back here you're my second
favorite flavor it was very rude of it I
am tweeting you are you seeing this I
don't use Twitter often yes Gabi person
I am seeing it don't worry and you
should use Twitter more often because
it's a great place I stopped getting
decorating for Christmas for this you
have no name your name is literally I
period it's not like it's a doc I don't
like I don't like there are a lot of
words that have multiple meanings like
one word that's multiple meetings and I
don't like it's confusing English is
weird but why is period one of them
because I don't that's weird that's
weird
by one means a dot a great graphical a
grammar thing I don't even know what you
say it's a punctuation nope it's
something I don't notice but then the
guy means a minstrel flow a menstrual
cycle
why that's that's so weird I wish that
they didn't do that I think minstrel
cycles like but this should not be able
to be confused with any other term
that's just what I feel what else is
there I don't know I know there's a lot
you're all gonna tell me them but I hate
when words have multiple meanings
it's the worst what is all the word like
like when you like something or it is
some
or to something else that's weird that's
just weird that's weird
we aren't allowed to own pit bulls in
Ontario but I've always loved them blaze
a beautiful dog Thank You Sabrina gray
he is a beautiful dog and that's sucks
there are so many places with bans on
pit bulls and it's just stupid um
there's oh my god I've heard stories
where people like live in that like an
area that didn't realize you're not a
pimple and they got a pit bull like they
got it when they were in a different
state and brought it over and then I'll
post picture of it and someone will call
the cops on them and the pit bull gets
taken away from the owner sweetie makes
me angry
it's called a full stop not a period
Emily it is holy called a period period
if you take if you are typing let's type
something hold on if you type something
and you're having the talky thing or
Sierra type it out that's not someone
let's see here here we go hold on I love
you period you're the best period it
puts it in there oh it's still screaming
at me no I don't listen that because it
says to puts in their outfits discs
sometimes it right ear hearing this it's
a period it does make a full stop but
its period keep telling it's not period
Highschool advice it gets better
you're overly emotional I know that's
gonna piss you off but you'll look back
and go I was overly emotional that
wasn't the end of the world that's all I
have to say you will be okay
it gets better in Australia we call it a
full stop
okay in Australia that's fine but you
know what a period is right it makes
sense to come full stop I don't know
we're doing here
dog you frozen I pause stranger things
to to watch your livestream you are very
welcome okay
guess what you're a little late that's
been out for a long time so not my
problem
wait what's your favorite flavor of
skittles though Maggie wants to meet the
boundaries uh pink I don't know what
flavor that is but that's the color
I'm skills are one of those things that
you don't care about the flavor you care
about the color oh my god I'm ripping it
whatever I frayed brought me your book
for my birthday and I cried and the Rose
have such a nice friends that's a great
present everyone if you're wondering
what to get someone for Christa Chris
Christmas for wondering what to get
someone for Christmas in my book it's
good for all people except people that
don't like the work piss because the
word pisses in my book a lot pissed off
pissed pissed the phrase I want to say
piss everyone everywhere you ever eat
chocolate with cheese I don't think so I
don't believe I have
give me that I know it's in your mouth
it's in your cheek he's recording it
like a little squirrel or chipmunk when
they board those nuts in their mouth
squirrels do anything like that I don't
know it is very difficult for me to
understand that there was between the
squirrel and chipmunk
I almost said raccoon I don't the
difference between those why are you
holding a pocket knife because I was on
a walk with my dog there are no street
lights on my street or in my
neighborhood at all so you know it makes
me feel safer I don't think I'd ever use
it but it gives me a sense of peace okay
I know you have one in your mouth let me
have it
yep give it to me thank you
Scotland is a place that exists yes
Charlotte it is it's a place I've been
to mmm Emira chop covered potato chips
yes I have onto some tour I was long as
Colleen someone gave them to us today
we're good this one gave me this oh yeah
someone sent me this little necklace
good but it's right here
pineapple on pizza yes grace yes Pat
wait how long will this livestream beat
I like it out of 15 minutes or however
long it takes for my dog to eat that
entire bandana so here's the timer lot
of cussing can't read that tweet that I
would be violating the YouTube Terms &
Conditions everyone is getting
demonetised or take him down or
something
YouTube's going ham on people
doo-doo-doo-doo
hi I'm sorry can't cheer me up I'm
literally doing a live stream that is
this is what that is supposed to do I'm
trying my hardest here okay I know I'm
not that interesting one for me you look
so cute today
Thank You Jess thank you as did you my
sister taught us to Thoris was the kind
of dinosaur guess what me too until just
now I know what a thesaurus
it was like a fish thing with teeth that
big found in the water that's from like
the dinosaur era that was like it
usually lives like such a deep part of
the sea but this global warming and
summarize to what they found a dinosaur
fish at Ft it's weird
excuse me you cannot have a piece that
tiny no siree Bob
oh my god all of them are this tiny here
sure enough
what about strawberries I'm peace
apparently this thing no no it's not a
thing it's not it's people trying to say
that pineapple is about their pineapple
on pizza haters have tried to create a
strawberry on a pizza to be like see it
it's weird it doesn't work you hush it
works can I help you oh hi / yes you're
so hyper yes yes yes okay you're gonna
eat my glasses hold on
I know I know you're so hyper right now
I know I know like there you go okay
calm down calm down calm down
I didn't take him to the park today I
know I know I know I know calm down
I'm supposed to be live-streaming and
making that person not sad hey dude
thank you Lisa fix my hair now there's
so much work you're gonna pull down my
shirt everyone is my nipple I know
that's what's gonna happen your dog's
one level it's solid 11 10 I know I'm a
crazy person I'm that person always good
I'm trying to read it out my glasses if
I have my glasses on you try and eat
them raw we're talking about shark snake
dinosaur is that what it's called is it
called a shark snake dinosaur Andy fell
asleep like ah you made my vicious
winter go I don't get the whole
pineapple pizza the buff ball I'm
allergic to pineapple so who knows good
or not I just feel like yeah it's good
it's I if you like if you like it it
just adds a sweet
is to something that is salty so that's
just my take on it what's in your target
bag oh my god it's embarrassing if I
really got very famous premiers it was
not very sick at all because I saved
money you know target this cartwheel
hashtag not a hashtag you wish it was
Matt they have a single cartwheel where
they have like secret coupons basically
on their app so I found a bunch of
things that I always use but don't
technically need right now but I will
eventually need it that were on sale so
I went I'm gonna put your stuff and it's
just sitting here because I don't need
it there's like tampons and parchment
paper and I think balance sheets and
stuff so stuff I will eventually need
but I don't need it right now but it was
on sale so might as well buy it now
while some sales I know I will need it
rather than buy it when I need it for
more money
see see see I just I'm a mom good on
your mouth come here
thank you oh it's something that
exciting what's in there let's see
what's in them I was looking for these
and coffee
how do you feel about the 2080
characters I don't appreciate it
listen I got so good at just creating
very good tweets with 140 character
limit and I liked testing myself to see
if I can fit like an entire story into
140 characters also when I see someone
using the full 280 I can handle the 150
160 I get it 180 but when you do the 280
characters body that's too long our
twitter is not a novel it's short little
quotes I don't want to read a book I
wanted to read a book pick up a book
there's right I want short quick iPad
app duck it's like it finds pace when it
did exist already black people do like I
don't remember what one that was 15
seconds darker but if ever they were
like okay roan you can do three minute
now you're letting it quick you like it
shirt you just pull that out of the
trash you see that no you're no one this
one's done it's too tiny get another one
anyway that's how I feel about it like
it's a challenge I like the challenge
and I was no challenge
who's hyper blaze nd I slept good I got
like five hours of sleep two nights in a
row and last night I got like nine hours
oh nothing
I got like ten hours last night oh god
it was fantastic I feel great
yeah if you book a few days of getting
no sleep I'm just like a little sleep
you just start feeling like but you're
like oh my god what's the play like what
is happening in a second you get a full
night you're like glory
Carmilla yes you do Brooklyn it's so fun
so you eat my GoPro stuff don't do it
okay just look at yourself in the mirror
I know I know
literally the only person on my timeline
tweeting this is embarrassing me guys
what are you drinking like a book shop
synergy organic kombucha trilogy I just
took that out hashtag emotion was when I
went to the program user place I just
got candy listen Amelia yes I want pass
one today I went it's too cool for
frozen yogurt well what is getting
frozen yogurt so I support your decision
to get just a candy I feel it there have
been times I want to do that I don't
like any of these flavors that are
really
I please how's your day been good did a
lot a lot of work done I probably got
his event to send me for his medical
records so I can file his insurance
claims because he has literally costed
me over $1,000 in the past few months
and so if I get all that back the
insurance is already paid for itself
whether I get 90% back the insurance is
already paid for ourselves cuz I pay 90
bucks a month for insurance
so just in this few months this will pay
for itself but it's great yes good point
do you like bubble gum okay
why are you serving the brand no you
pass them in your mouth thank you no you
can't eat the clothes that are attached
to me you died is your moment done oh my
god what are we talking about
bubble gum no my parents bought when I
was child or just today ah bubble go
yokas just gum in general I used to love
them and then I realized that it made my
breath stink when I wasn't chewing it
like my my breath got is dicted to them
and so whenever I wasn't doing it I just
spelled my breath stink and so don't go
in that trash can
good boy so anyway um I love blowing
bubbles
I like hey come back here come here I'm
taking this one you're done it's over
yeah
so you lost it you can be in small
pieces so anyway
hypo bubbles but I stopped chewing gum
because it made my breath stake when I
wasn't showing it also it made my job
soar I had like I had a lot of lockjaw
problems I thought it was because I had
braces and stuff and the retainer and
the rubber bands and stuff but it went
away after I stopped chewing gum oh um
it's please okay a little spasm yeah he
was just having a little demon hour he's
just kind of coast crazy for a minute
he's fine there boy pimples are banned
on a military base sorry mouth Molly
Catherine I think that's what's what's
people not turn your handle pitbull come
on I love my military thank you for
keeping me safe and having freedom for
me okay fine why space running listen
guys dogs every got business or most
dogs they just like randomly at one part
a day just go nuts and crazy and run in
circles this is no myth even if he's had
a full day of play and walks and
everything these exhaustion he'll still
have one of those once a day sometimes
it lasts for like two hours sometimes
only lasts like a second
he went out yeah so yeah he's fine yes
fine
oh my god I always want what you can't
have
he's my gala that's how everyone was
like hi any chip a tooth is he had
chipped a tooth ahead and get pulled a
tooth sounds like a million different
ways that's him a lot of the time run
straight into stuff yo dude Darryl and
Michael poster cubbies
oh so I was doing squats yesterday and
my knees didn't hurt okay I was always
squatting fifty-fifty fat pads which is
not a lot you're supposed to be able to
squat your body weight no funny right
hey my glasses anyway but I've never
been able to squat my body weight
because my knees always were in so much
pain and there was no pain my knees just
in my muscles around them I'm so excited
it's the best see you in December
Juliet okay are you stalking me or do we
have a date what's going on boys let's
get married any fun know what I hate
weddings how did you just wait I'm Rocco
what do you mean there's so many things
did I just don't hurt yourself I did it
on purpose okay
look at her yes I'm in a lot of pain
right now but I'm fine it'll go I hey
blaze get out of the closet yes you took
your boot hey blankies do it
why don't you probably found a cockroach
who knows another one of those on the
live stream
someone needs to chill both me and blaze
yes we do know is a rock is the rub back
probably honestly I don't even know like
scratching out at this point did you
find anything good going from the other
side yeah it doesn't
prick my kopi poster don't you eat my
GoPro stuff he's a mess he's got a lot
of energy I should have taken him to the
park smells like nice fine
I had him awake all day and he's doing
errands of me he doesn't mean the park
he needs the park I should have done
that
can you come to VidCon in Australia next
year honey I what if they invited me but
VidCon always hates me and I don't get
invited so I think I have to beg and
plead and bargain to get a pasta then
VidCon here so I highly doubt they're
gonna give me one anyway
I don't think Australia will let know
that much but give me an invite ah I've
never read Starbucks is it good or not
man fine
what's the snowman's name in the
background I don't know there's two
places knocking them over I guys I
haven't put up like a bear versus
recreations because I know he's just
kidding no give me that
you're not eating that no drop it please
I'm not gonna fight with you thank you
um Christmas decoration I really put it
because every time I try to put anything
I'd be easy I tried to close the door
quietly because when I close the door
loudly he wants to come into that room
immediately because he feels like he's
not allowed to so he feels left out so
he needs to know what's happening
the closed door but try to cooks and
quietly so he wouldn't feel the need to
come back in oh my god he left the room
and like all my energy just strange he's
a lot I'm late did I miss anything fun
Noah Braille just my dog literally going
insane and running into the wall I bet
in Santa Cruz Joe
I'll ask my plan I plan on going to both
Hawaii shows the Santa Cruz show the
Santa Barbara show and the Bakersfield
show that's my plan if I if I can't make
it to one of them please don't hate me
that's just the way my life is right now
what time is it there
I think it's 944 p.m. it is I'm pretty
much you're correct I'm asking politely
I did not think that you weren't yeah
does the week start on Sunday or Monday
in my opinion the Week starts on Monday
but I'm looking at my calendar and my
calendar has it starting on a Sunday but
I feel like emotionally and spiritually
the Week starts on Monday that's what
everything starts up remember all that's
when everything starts over I I feel the
calendar definitely makes it seem like
it starts on a Sunday but that's like
the middle of the week and why would the
week start in the middle of the weekend
because it's the week and oh it's the
week end it's the end of the week so
Sunday is the end of the week cuz it's
in the week end Oh science experienced
you in your science space that was it
yeah I think the Week starts on Monday
ends on Sunday but I don't know why the
calendars are like that I have no idea
My Week starts on Monday yeah see
all right I'm gonna press your food of
all time I don't even know anymore can
we be best friends please all right
grace bro you're a hot mess
I know I'm very weird
bob is a lesbian who's Bob and why do we
care about a lesbian or not that's just
that's Bob's info and Bob's life
we don't need to know about it come to
East Coast and snowboarding listen I'm
very upset because snowboarding is just
not happening at all this year there's
like no snowfall all the things are like
listen you're probably not gonna get any
fresh powder until January which sucks
is last year it started like
mid-november and it was insane
Mammoth this room where the place like
snowboard has had like a record-breaking
snow which was an amazing year to learn
to snowboard because we had literally
the best of the best but now it sucks
because like when I was so stupid good
man right now they have a million and
two the thing you what are they called
pathways in which to board or ski lifts
lets you only have one lift open right
now and they usually have like 18 or
something stupid so there's only one
looked open so it's boring so I can't
snowboard like last year this
snowboarding started right now January
I'm really sad although I don't really
have time to snowboard this year anyway
but just knowing that I'm not allowed to
makes me angry
well I'm allowed to it just gets sucked
what type of shampoo do you use I forgot
I forgot the name zoology purple the
outside of it is purple and the goo
itself is white what does it go I don't
remember
I switched cuz my hairdresser told me to
switch is it hard being vegan
um did you just run it into the door you
did get to shake it off I just sort of
shake it off okay
are you gonna sit and livestream why are
you wet
why are you wet no no no you're wet why
are you wet
did you just run through the sprinklers
you brat
bath night anyway he gets a bath tonight
being vegan isn't hard it's annoying and
sometimes boring but I mean it's it's
yeah depends on who you ask what's in
the home depot box behind you
Darwin office supplies if this is a
rental and we're hoping no please drop
it not a game
drop it so there's just a rental and we
don't feel about being here for months
on end we didn't unpack everything so
there's stuff still in boxes my dining
room is just filled with boxes that were
just a lot of it's Christmas decorations
but it's just stuff we're not gonna open
and because we don't want to be here
very long
yeah uh where did you get that shirt I
don't know oh wait this one I got this I
put my flannel of course you're not my
mom or family probably want the full
shirt I got it from arming the animals
they send me a few shirts I'm having a
giveaway uh maybe we could win it's not
ad hey you can win a hundred and fifty
dollar gift card to their site army
animals there's a bunch of stuff in a
dog like every type breed of dog and cat
and some like wild animals and stuff hey
there's t-shirts for everybody
everything but they're doing a giveaway
if you go to my Instagram you'll see the
rules and stuff but yeah a lot of their
money goes to rescuing animals
and protecting wildlife and crafts so
I'm into it but here's the matching
bandana to this tank what are you doing
for Thanksgiving family of course basses
are contacts up grapes listen I used to
be all about contacts all my contacts
contacts contacts do a lot and that's
because I hated the glasses I own and
then my eye doctor was like listen if
you keep wearing contacts as much as you
do you're gonna go blind get yourself a
good pair of glasses that you enjoy
wearing blaze don't you know that
elephants are you know we kind of
elephants
drop it not a toy please drop it calmly
thank you
this is what I cuddled before I had you
respect blaze you haven't sperm in your
mouth do not be a trophy hunter god the
suspense is killing me is when he's
gonna attack next I'm just gonna put
this this gonna be a bad idea
No and that like it's not fun to eat the
elephant he's sitting patiently wait
you're not gonna get it he's good I
don't ever
yeah he's everyone's like he's got crazy
he's going crazy because I forgot I
didn't forget I just ran out of time to
take him to the park today and so he has
all this energy usually he gets the
energy out of the park I love you so
much baby but you can't have it Wow yeah
don't jump on the desk
calm down calm down there you go you're
okay you don't need it you don't need it
don't look at me stop looking at me like
that
stop it mm-hmm uh he jumps so high I
know he says you can't go around he's
gonna go back he got it out of this bag
of stuffed animals I have ruinous oh I
didn't unpack everything it didn't
unpack my stuffed animals don't you eat
my baby play game most likely that is
gracious let's see what something animal
he pulls out next it's like a game show
what's he gonna fall out
don't eat the plastic he's playing that
out you know if I were smart I close the
door to the closet where's he gone
you try try Narnia I have to make sure
you don't eat plastic me back let go
it's time to be smart phone to my life
what do perfect no watch you poor people
have the rich need and if you eat it you
die nothing Bob your riddle save the
elephants right where's your big monkey
it's in that bag
that's probably who's gonna try to pull
out next oh I wish my dog was that
energetic mine is boring honey you don't
because when you're trying to get work
done
you can't I can't wait for him to be an
old fart I'm so excited for it
do you still want chip clips for
Christmas yes of Rell obviously I have
chips that need clipping don't hey sorry
okay let's action well now I clicked on
melody I mean I hi melody but I didn't
mean to click on your profile why am I
using my left hand I missed the pointer
oh no it took my show props I don't know
it is I do nortis I'm not getting it ah
would you take your dog to Narnia if you
could what is that TV show The Magicians
that was kind of like the spin-off of
Narnia right wasn't that a thing that
happened
that sure was weird terrible and I
wanted to see another one what I've seen
one another since then uh when are u
livestreaming with Colleen that's not
really like when it happens it's not
like a thing we planned it's kind of a
thing that happens also she's in
Australia
what are you licking alright guys I
think I'm gonna sign off yeah I think
you must sign off I think it's time I
think it's the end of the day uh-huh
that's it all right buddies you have
anything to say to apologize for you do
but are you gonna you know we don't
please look at your face okay there you
go okay guys we're signing off we love
you sorry my dog's crazy and most of my
life strings are me trying to call my
dog guys it happens but I love you and I
have a vlog of tomorrow don't look at me
like that
do you want a bath you want to take him
back
you want a shower yeah okay we'll do
that that's what we're gonna
I love you guys blog tomorrow and all
the things bye
