says the day after the la show and when
I got home I realized that I left
Colleen's camera charger and camera
battery at the venue and she doesn't
even know I did this so I have to go
back and pick it up it's about 11 a.m.
when I go back and pick it up before she
finds out she's only gonna find out if
she watches this vlog and by then I
won't be in trouble because I've already
gotten it back um so I'm going to do
that and then I've got other stuff I got
to do today Costco is definitely on the
list but yeah let's do things yeah
traffic I'm going so fast on the freeway
420 miles per hour
Oh speeding up yes that gas gas going up
35 huh Oh brake lights
I got it coolie doesn't have to kill me
now gay guys my sister just released our
book and gets put out in July but she
just announced her book that's it she
just announced her book it's on
pre-order let me go to Miranda sings
calm meeting preorder her book and she's
doing a bunch of giveaway stuff so watch
her video the links for everything is
coming down below but she's doing a
bunch of giveaways throughout probably
now until the book is actually released
for pre-orders and stuff I've actually
read the book and I was dying of
laughter in each page her and
Christopher wrote it together when
people write a book it's usually like
there's a huge team this is just Colleen
and Christopher got together lots of
times like they put their sweat and
tears and blood and lack of sleep into
this book and truly just made it the
best thing in the world
seriously it's hilarious the things they
came up with just blew my mind it was
amazing you guys seriously need to
preorder it or just order it when it's
out just get the book
cuz it's awesome I'm not gonna tell you
guys what are in it but it's it's a mess
and it's glorious but it's a organized
mess it's just like it's a random mess
but we actually organized it so we would
be this party to it
I was Chloe Christopher I mean I got
them lunch a few times so I mean I
helped write a book cuz I got some lunch
while they were writing I didn't do
anything
I'm excited all right go dude links by
forgot to tell you guys this yesterday
or whatever I posted my last vlog uh so
Tyler Oakley came to caline's last
Miranda show in LA and he comes up to me
he goes so I saw you do your impression
of me in your video and my heart went in
my butt it went into my butt cuz Tyler
watched the video of me imitating his
impression of Miranda never did I think
he'd never see it but you a little
stinker sitting in the video so many
times that he actually watched it and I
feel bad but I never thought I'd
actually get to his eyeballs but he he
was really cool about it he said it was
good he liked it so good thought about
that but just beware people whatever you
put on the internet it will be seen and
then you will have your heart go into
your butthole
that's all I'm now at Target I need you
to Starbucks desperately I'm here
getting Cheetos for the printer shows
because every good Miranda show needs
some Cheetos I'm just looking around so
what I do at Target if I'm having like
stressful day or whatever I just kind of
come here and look at pretty things and
hope that's all I do
and drink Starbucks I'm at Costco and I
just found meatless crispy chicken no it
can't be chicken if it's meatless you're
wrong I don't ever want to eat that
look what finally came a box but there's
a computer inside of it let's open it
okay well that's just white that wasn't
as exciting as I wanted it to be I need
both hands for this you'll see you in a
second
that's right skin oh come on Ballinger
get your display ready
this isn't as exciting as I want
that's a big computer this is huge I'm
gonna turn it on such a beautiful sound
oh look at it it's going
that's all excited I'm just sitting
outside waiting for Josh to come pick me
up
because Joshua supposed to take us to
the airport and he's supposed to be here
at 2:30 and it's 2:40 and guess what if
he makes me late for my flight a punch
him in his little face I told him to
leave his house at 2:15 they didn't
leave till 2:30 they responsible I have
a flight to catch
I'm angry I'm just sitting with my
suitcases
Matt they're pronounced clean and I just
posted the throwback picture of when I
had short hair and I said throwback to
when I have short hair
hashtag T V T and everyone is commenting
me like oh my god you cut your hair oh
my gosh it's a guy I read the status
read the comment read the what is it
called the caption read it because it
clearly says twice that this was the
past
I have all of my hair still up in this
little bun Colleen is gonna cut off four
inches this weekend though I'm making
her because it's way too much hair for
me to handle anymore
she's excited but I'm Frankie Lena my
hair it's really gone that's why I'm so
good at cutting hair especially this
part
all right huh
I look beautiful as I always do I got my
snowman sweater on because it is 23
degrees here we're in Oklahoma what
happened to you on the plane
oh so I'm sitting there like a boss as I
always do and all of a sudden I felt
someone spit on me and I was like oh my
gosh was like massive amount of liquid
on my cheek I was like so you spit on me
like you're not even wet come down I was
like feel my face and she felt like oh
my god you're wet and then all of the
sudden just a stream of water started
come down from the bins above the cargo
bins above and I'm screaming and it's as
we're taking off so I can't get out of
my seat so literally just water is
pouring and spraying at me
pouring just a water funnel waterfall
and my favorite part is the woman it was
like oh there's a woman across from
'she's oh oh that's mine it's a cooler
for my breast milk
uh-uh she said it was water she said
that all was falling on me was water but
it was a cooler for her breast milk and
it had leaked and since we were going up
all the water went down I just heard her
bag was a couple rows up but since we
were like in takeoff mode all the water
was pouring onto me and the flight
attendants finally came over like once
it was like okay for someone to walk
around they came over and everyone's
like throwing napkins on me because I
was soaking wet this seats were all
disgustingly wet and they made us they
make us they offered us new seats so we
had to change seeds and the girls really
apologetic I wasn't mad or anything and
anything it was funny because I was
bored out of my mind it was so weird
I've never had that happen but we just
landed and though we tried to go to
Arby's and right as we entered the
drive-thru they turned off the lights on
us so we're at a bye to a close at 11:00
and you guys are at 10:50 and they go
shut it off and the guy inside had a
cigarette in his mouth says Colleen
that's not like you thought I was lying
no I did not hold on how does I believe
you he was like I believe you I want to
smell so breast milk fell on me
Arby's hates us and now we're at Taco
Bell and we ordered the entire menu
because we're starving
you clean what's in your taco literally
nothing nothing isn't it full okay
that's the end of the day I'm going to
sleep we've got a show tomorrow so I'm
gonna sleep and do that oh thanks for
watching Oh
clink up my hair I popped a pimple on my
earlobe and it really hurts now these
are just life updates that I'm giving
you all right good night oh hey
