it's the day of the la show let me turn
this down for you oh look at that pimple
I didn't even know I had on my face
ain't that cute I'll cover that up for
you guys in a minute
but it's the day of the first la show
Monday and you guys are under stamp
shows themselves they're stressful when
you add Southern California into the mix
they're double stressful because
everyone and their mother wants to come
all these industry people are coming so
cooling stresses out Oh green like catch
up with you guys in a second so as I was
saying everyone comes because like the
industry it's LA so YouTube is economy
and the people that run TV shows and
movies and stuff everyone comes so cool
intro sucks you have to have a good show
greenlight hold on hey RORO saying it's
not just me and kollene alone backstage
it's like us plus 50 people backstage
and it's hectic and it's crazy and
everything has to be perfect was more
stressful even though the show should
already be perfect but it's just you
know like you could know your
information inside and out but you still
scared that you forget something
come on we're too clean so for her to
try on some new Miranda pants that I had
to make up last night and I just have a
lot of stuff dude you guys could come
with me okay I just left Colleen's
todrick Hall was there they're working
on something fun I picked up a bunch of
onesies so that's normal and I guess
we're vlogging yeah I am my mommy's here
for two leans to show empathy Rachel
it's for the show you're gonna see
Rachel Mon it's for the show we're
waiting protective start I set my stage
and stuff but now everyone's just
staring at cameras and saying cheese I'm
not I never win this big you can fill it
in the crowd
come on bring them sticks I love a
witness baby it's the next day because I
have to fill a favorites video and post
it I'm also to do a phone waiting for a
brand deal I'm doing next month
sorry guys kind of pay their bills I
have to do all that before noon and it's
10:00 and I don't think I'm gonna get it
done
so my favorites videos probably be up
late and I already told Colleen Tina
year for a Heather that that I'll go to
sushi with them at noon so I'm probably
gonna do as much as I can and then go to
sushi and come back and post my
favorites video I'm tired it's time to
do it and I'm gonna film a favor to do
with my hair wet because I don't have
time to blow-dry it they do have time to
talk to you guys no I don't
I should stop Jackson they're just
children for the show say hi
thank you for cooperating it was good
Thanks so we're all backstage now and
we're gonna go run tech real quick I'm
so excited
you ran into the bathroom now how we do
the meet and greet is we set up this
camera and then the kids stand against
this just cuz we're at Nokia Club and
they take a picture with that and then
Shep's alone it's the Facebook and then
that's how we do pictures now so we
don't the funnel with cameras everyone
gets a good shot it's like basically
guaranteed except something happened and
we can't get the camera to work so we
have a Christopher and Josh with their
thumbs up their butts trying to figure
out how in the world to fix the camera
so I'm kind of stressing out but the
meeting greets not for a while so I
think we can figure it out before then
worst comes to worst the kids just use
the phone like we used to but this way
it's so much better and it's quicker in
people get multiple shots because it's
so quick and then it all gets uploaded
to Facebook and then everyone can see
them anyway it's my business right now
the girl backstage right now it's a mess
Tyler maybe we just showed up our friend
Ryan is here there's whoa oh there were
tears earlier which acts it took what on
the carcass right look at the lovely
cakes there then you got Colleen
okay I'm gorgeous makeup and wash my
face the show ended it went really well
it was hectic there were so many people
who cleaners meet like a hundred people
before we could actually do the
meet-and-greet
so yeah this shows went really well
actually I had a lot of fun and I'm
gonna go to sleep now cuz I've been
getting like five hours of sleep the
past week five hours of sleep each night
for the past week thank you bye
