I would just like to say I'm a terrible
vlogger all last week I kept trying to
vlog and every day I would pick up my
camera and start a blog or vlog
something interesting and then the rest
of the day I would just completely
forget I just wouldn't close it so this
was the past week this vlog is going to
show you like all of last week every
time I picked up the camera and tried to
vlog no day had its own full day of
vlogging and this is just everything
that happened ready set go
so I'm at the beach and I wasn't
planning on vlogging today but there's a
girl laying next to me oh she put it
away her nipple was fully out I think
she was talking to her friend and she
was sitting up like this but she liked
her baby was undone so her back wouldn't
get marks cuz she was laying on her
stomach holy nipple out because she
thought she had covered it but she
hadn't so for a full big five minutes
straight nipple just out and about I'm
at the beach happy Valentine's Day 8:30
in the morning
I am super sick I got a cold yesterday
morning and yesterday with my bum day I
laid in sweat pants and I was like you
know do something it's like you ordered
my sister's yesterday do my laundry I
was like you know what she's letting me
do my laundry here so I'm gonna do the
dishes for her at her place because
she's currently in Georgia so I do the
dishes and then I was like I need a
paper towel I go under the sink to get a
paper towel and it's just a flood it's
just a huge puddle under sink so I call
her I was like oh girl you've got a leak
ha ha ha sucks to be you and then she
called me back it's like ha ha ha sucks
to be you used to be at my place at 8:30
tomorrow morning so I'm waiting for her
landlord who's also the plumber to come
over and fix it so it's 837 so let's
play how late is he gonna be I'm
guessing he's gonna show up around 9 10
take the over/under
oh it's 9:15 and he's still not here
should have taken the over
so I'm sitting at Time Warner place I'm
number 99 and they're on 86 this is my
new boyfriend this is mr. eBay right
here I'm bored out of my mind and I just
realized the nasal strips I've been
wearing cuz I've been sick to breathe
out of my nose have bruised my nose so
that's good I'm trying to return coins
modem slash router I'm really bored so I
decided to talk to you guys know
everyone's staring at me except me it's
pretty hard to get a turn so today feels
like a vlogging kind of day so I'm gonna
do that I still have a bruise on my nose
from when I use Breathe Right strips two
days ago
yeah those purse my nose so that's great
I have to go over coolies today but
first I have to film a Rachel's room but
before I do that I want to blow dry and
try and curl my hair it's probably not
gonna work out well some would end up
straightening it but I think I should
try and curl it so I'm officially
blow-dried my hair oh good
tangles okay I just have so much hair I
really need a haircut I just do not want
to pay like a hundred bucks to go get it
done because it's stupid well I
attempted and failed to curl my hair I
only have a straightener I've seen clean
curl her hair a million and two times
with a straightener so I was like oh I
can do it
nope get into it so I'm just gonna
straighten my hair and then I'm gonna
buy a curling iron today because I
freaking want to be a good hair with
human and be able to do my hair how I
want which is to curl it today so I film
Rachel's room and all my coins placed
cleaning her kitchen not because I'm a
good sister but because she's paying me
to do so finished my cleaning and now I
have to make Miranda pants
there's Colleen there's Christopher
he was I could see him sitting still
wanting to say something in the camera I
said what two times that's something you
do you like such then I put on you and
you went for it right away and say what
so weird
stop late so I have to vlog fast before
it turns green Kylie wanted me to go get
a barbecue for her because she wants to
barbecue tonight and she's got a yard
and we all want a barbecue in it cause
we love barbecue light turned green
gotta go bye
and I'm vlogging and driving
face about I'm angry I went to Home
Depot to get clean a barbecue and I
found one that I liked and I was like hi
I need this barbecue the guys like I
picture car it's like yeah it's a
four-door
it's a Mazda 3 he's like yeah it's not
gonna fit I was like okay what comes in
a box right he said yeah I was like
right away
this is a small barbecue it's not a huge
like massive thing it was a very
sensible barbecue and he's like not good
fit I was like how BIG's the box he
doesn't this just not gonna fit it's
like okay how big is the box though he's
like it's a it's too big to fit your
car's not gonna fit I was like how big
is the box he was like it just won't fit
he was being such a douchebag I was like
can you bring me the box and he's like
there's no point it's not gonna fit this
dude was such a douchebag he didn't want
to get the box and so he told he just
wouldn't fix he wouldn't oh my god and I
was like I could get my sister's Prius
ex- this barbecue would have fit in my
car without it being in a box it was not
that big of a barbecue and a box can fit
my freaking car I was so angry I'd left
cuz I was just like I'm done until I'm
not even fight this is stupid I'm gonna
go find a freakin barbecue somewhere
else and so that's what I'm doing I'm
off to Costco it's gonna be like 10:00
p.m. by the time I get a barbecue ok the
barbecue thing totally failed so I just
went to the store and got salmon and
Colleen's just gonna bake it instead I'm
working non-stop and I'm really sick
it's a perfect time to hang out my
friends Christopher is still just
working
so today I'm going to get a new dresser
let's do this one thing I love about my
job is that I can go out any day of the
week to do any of my errands and there's
no one ever out because a middle of day
on Wednesday only stay-at-home moms are
gonna be out I'm not fine with them
whatever but for some reason I always
forget what day of the week it is and
somehow I always end up doing something
on Saturdays and I get so angry at
myself because this place is a freakin
zoo not IKEA and it is filled with slow
annoying people and I could have clearly
done this on a Thursday but I just
forget what day of the week it is and
I'm angry at myself
so now I'm at the mall my akia trip was
successful which is rare because it's
very rare to have a successful like he
had trip in my opinion now I'm at the
mall because I want to buy an iMac
because I wanted to film a bunch of
videos and have them stored on my
computer and edit them off ahead of time
instead of doing like day of because if
it's day of that I don't have time to do
really good videos and that's not fair
to you guys I'm riding an iMac also I
worked my butt off to be able to afford
it and I'm really proud of myself so
it's kind of a present to me I'm happy
okay I bought it but I'm getting it
specialized so that it runs faster so I
don't have it with me right now and it
feels really weird to not walk out with
the computer this is walking out with
computers everyone's got a computer I
want a computer but it should get here
within three to six days so alright time
to go eat Top Ramen for the rest of my
life I'm in Oakley and I was just
informed but the sunglasses are about to
show you guys are five hundred dollars I
am proud to present I put it together
about three hours because IKEA is crap
and I think it looks pretty good I'm
pretty excited about it and then I have
to get rid of that one oh don't mind the
Miranda clothes alright thanks for
watching that mess I love you guys I
hope you enjoyed it I'm gonna start I'm
gonna try and post a vlog every Monday
Wednesday Friday I mean if I don't I
don't but I'm going to try because that
seems normal right because that my main
channel it's Tuesday Thursday so the
vlog channel is Monday Wednesday Friday
I'm gonna try don't murder me if it
doesn't happen but a definite gonna try
it right love you guys bye I never win
this big
you can feel it in the cloud come on
bring them sticks
