it's the middle of February and I am
wearing shorts today because it's so
friggin hot outside but I'm okay with it
I'm gonna run some errands today and
you're welcome to join me I'm getting my
oil changed right now I would have
gotten it earlier but I was out and
about my sister called me and told me
that the audio on my last ball wasn't
existing so I had to go back and change
it and I'm at Jiffy Lube so I got my oil
changed as you saw and when I went in I
was like handing my oil change she's
that great your car only takes this
synthetic oil it's gonna cost you 80
bucks
we can't go lower I was like there's no
cheaper way of doing he's like no you
have to do this but it's good because
you won't have to get your oil changes
soon and like you we cannot give you
anything less than this oil right here
and I was like whatever okay that's fine
I can do that and then I went out to my
car he's like so we ran out of that
expensive oil so we put the cheaper
stuff in your car I was like what you
said you couldn't he goes wool you know
and then I talked to someone else and
she was like it she's like yeah well we
didn't have the expensive stuff started
with the cheaper stuff it was like you
said you legally could not put the
cheaper stuff in and that's this is just
a reason why I hate taking my car and to
do anything ever because they always
screw you over no matter what it is I
always like no you can't you have to do
this expensive way but the second is
inconvenient for them they can do the
cheaper way or it's like they actually
don't give a crap about your car because
it clearly I know nothing about cars
like they're fun to drive whoo but I
know nothing about them because I'm
never taking the time to learn so they
know they can pull one over on me they
fully know that they can do that anyway
I'm angry about it freaking Jiffy Lube
I'm gonna do yup reveal I love trashing
places on Yelp unless it's really good
then I won't give you a good review but
when you try pulling over on me I'm
gonna help you help your little butt
getting a massage in the middle of the
mall seems like the most awkward thing
that you could ever do in a mall like
you get naked in malls and dressing
rooms you buy things you eat you do all
these things a massage no don't do that
don't you dare do that because that's
just weird and not relaxing and also
extremely sketchy by the way I'm at the
mall because I'm shopping cuz I need
some new Rainbow sandals because mine
are disgusting I'm finally back from my
shopping shenanigans I could not find
rainbow sandals anywhere I got a thing
anymore is that out am I just behind the
times on this is there another shoe that
I'm supposed to be getting because I
really like Rainbow sandals they're
comfortable and guess what I love being
barefoot and sandals is the closest
thing to barefoot that's socially
acceptable and it's summertime and it's
hot I don't want to wear shoes why
doesn't anyone understand my struggle
I'm off to go do a workout in my new
awesome full-length pants that one of
you awesome people sent me and I love
them now I'm gonna workout that might be
really lame with me should go to a gym
on a Friday night but I love it because
I got to play basketball because there
was no one at the gym because it's
Friday night and people are having lives
and I'm just like what if I'm gonna work
out so I actually got to play basketball
for like 20 minutes and this doesn't
seem like a long time but I've always
want to play everytime I go and always
filled with guys they're doing an actual
game and I can't really pitch in but I'm
happy my dream experience is a good one
I look really cute right now you're
welcome
take me where I wanna go
