sup I'm blogging today it's probably
1:15 and I'm not wearing makeup but
guess who's here or at my sister's house
and we're about to go over to a place to
watch Josh film what's up Internet
my parents came to town for it and we're
all good go I'm not in it but I just
wanted to be supportive
I like it huh we're backstage and the
show has started and we're almost
backstage watching it on this thing when
your main things flame close out it's
like green and green it's like too green
oh just sending how do you feel
Christopher I feel good I feel like it
went as planned and I'm excited to see
the end result and and a vlog about it
right now
oh great it was actually really bad oh
yeah heard that just kidding it was
actually really cool Shane goes out
we're amazing on it I ran a little
tidbit you guys need to watch it because
glozell and Miranda threw down on stage
like fistfight leaps flying candy flying
it was amazing I'm excited to say that
sea air the show's done so now some of
us are going to go eat dinner because
dinner is yummy
the days done Joshua's think was great
make sure to watch it on Valentine's Day
what's up Internet Seamus Larry's goes L
was crazy
Miranda was jealous Josh looked handsome
and Christopher was awkward they were
also all so much more but those are just
the few compliments I'm giving right now
anyway that's it for today thanks guys
for watching aw baby
