look it's that thing it's that thing
it's a historic barren areas so we tried
to see the Gateway Arch but there was so
much construction that we couldn't get
anywhere near it so that little footage
you saw is how close we got to it I also
saw the dome where the Rams play and I
got super excited because I liked them a
lot and I've got a case on my phone so I
look like I have like an angel angel hue
on my face it's time to eat Chipotle so
I'm at the moon rice hotel in st. Louis
and I just need to point out that the
shower here was made and designed by a
man listen yeah this looks great
oh you people oh wait I'll turn it on
for a fact
Oh water falls and it sucks you know why
because it's zero water pressure and for
girls sometimes we take a shower without
washing our hair that's impossible with
that because your duty showering like
this like this you can't know it's
terrible and when you love to shave your
legs forget about it you can this shower
was clearly designed by a man and if
you're a boy taking a shower there I'm
sure you think it's fantastic but
there's zero water pressure you know how
much hair I have you know what you have
shampoo and conditioner right to get out
of this thing it's impossible also you
can tell a man design its whole bathroom
because I'm so far away from the mirror
that's impossible to do my makeup in it
and there's nowhere to put my stuff but
also because the sink says pow
am i a Batman cartoon why is this thing
say pal
Wow gotcha with the sink water I just
had to rant about it we're doing tech
right now it's going great
we're backstage Glenn's warming up and
putting on a pretty sparkly dress I'm
freezing backstage I want to be wearing
my coat but I'm doubt that's allowed I
mean it's a lot are you whatever I want
but kids are meaning are you wearing a
cow I don't know anyway I'm just bumming
around on the internet waiting to go
onstage that's the end let's do a show
guys show's over back to the moonrise
hotel we did the meet greet thing it is
freezing in one day I hate cold weather
it's not because it's cold outside but
yes it is cold outside but when you go
inside a places heater is blaring so I
start sweating like crazy when I'm
inside but a freezin buns off I'm
outside just a terrible thing people
always ask me if I love traveling I do
but the main thing that I hate about
traveling like one of the main flaws is
that I'm in hotels a lot obviously but
because of that I can't get food
whenever I want when I'm home there's
food in my apartment or I can just jump
in my car or is the subway down the
street like food is endless but when I'm
in a hotel I don't have no food here
I've got no food you've got food no tell
her I've got flu of mine and room
service always sucks or is just
non-existent today's instance the room
service sucks here and I don't I'm just
so sad because I don't know where
anything is
and I'm just so hungry so I'm just
eating like candy that kids gave us at
the show and that's not gonna help me
that's not good
