what guys I decided to vlog today and so
we're starting your day off at home Home
Depot
so I have to pick up boxes for Colleen
and Josh cuz they're moving soon and
also I wanted to show you guys something
really terrible that happened yesterday
I was driving to the gym like I do most
nights and I got to the parking lot
iced I decided to back into a spot so it
would be easier when I got out I backed
in this is really say actually cried
after it happened I was backing in in
between a wall and a car and I didn't
notice that the wall had a random metal
pole sticking out of it and I scratched
my car and I cried I'm gonna probably
that today but tomorrow I'm gonna try
and take it and get it fixed
just how sad is it you see I love my
little baby I love my card
I think they couldn't I probably have a
dent there but I'm trying to try and get
the scratch out but anyway let's go to
Home Depot at least I'm here this makes
me happy I'm at Colleen's house now and
I'm packing up her office look a box
it's so much fun she's obsessed The
Bachelor was doing that show I'm
defacing the Miranda will literally deep
facing and the defacing faces get it get
it almost done just a little bit left
they did it the Miranda wall is down I
did face to that not the grocery store
getting stuff off the heat as I asked
you guys on Twitter what I should eat
for dinner half of you said seafood
that's because I said seafood oh my hair
today Oh today I've been eating so much
seafood lately that I went with the
second-best option which was fajitas
there's no me well you know me I like to
eat now I'm just there's already flew to
my house and I was just kind of shopping
around anything else
judgment so not Starbucks not only to
just get coffee for myself it's awesome
because for Christmas someone sent me
it's kind of like a Starbucks brand and
I was like that's hopefully Swami
occurring I don't know it's do with this
and then found out just makes coffee
which is great but the Starbucks one
makes espressos and lattes gets requires
the same thing so I have an espresso
maker and a coffee maker and so I just
came here to get espresso stuff like
these pod and then get vanilla flavoring
because that's what I'm obsessed with
some really excited about my purchase
there's some guys I'm really upset the
auto place just went they said it would
cost 650 to 700 dollars to fix that I
want to get the scratch out so bad
because I love my car I think my car
super pretty and this is just ugly it's
just hideous
cut of a Verizon store I'll tell you
about it in a second but this picture is
terrible look it she's got this pudgy
thing happening and they did not touch
up her arm to ll-listen i everyone's got
that little muffin top thing but in
photos they usually edit it out I'm not
looking at the fact that they're having
fun taking a selfie oh no I'm gonna do
the fact that her armpit meet some
touching up and her little sides needs
her nice erasers her pants that's what
needs to happen also I just went to the
Verizon store to get the iPhone 6 but
they didn't have the color I wanted so
now I have to go somewhere else this is
just not a good day for me I'm not
spoiled enough today hours have passed
I'm at Costco and look
alcohol's that's a lava lamp also I'm
filming on my iPhone 6 ah I had to go to
the Apple store to get it but I got it
listen I'm very upset it's the day that
I'm posting this and I'm very upset very
angry because my vlog camera just didn't
pick up half the footage that I filmed I
don't know if I just didn't hit the
record button or what happened but there
was like huge chunks of my day that I
was like I filmed that I said funny
jokes here what happened and it just I
just don't know what happened the
footage just didn't happen the vlog is
super choppy and I had to make it make
two days into one because I didn't have
enough footage for just one day I'm
sorry I'm upset I probably will end up
filming more with my phone because I got
the 64 gigabyte that's all that I hope
you guys enjoy this vlog is super random
but my days when I'm home are super
random love you guys I hope you enjoyed
it bye
