this is what a hot mess looks like I'm
packing to go to Vegas I'm going to
Vegas right in like an hour and my
parents are coming and josh is coming
and I'm meeting Colleen and Christopher
over there because they were just in New
York's Clunes on the view obviously if
you don't know that what are you doing
on the internet okay yeah I gotta finish
hacking but that's this mmm I've words
don't have them why did I pick up the
blog camera Josh got searched at uh
therefore I have no clue up for doesn't
look at you to throw anything away it
looks like a box what did you put in a
box put things in boxes it's terrible
let's see what he did Joshua by the way
we're waiting here for 15 minutes what
was in your bag nothing well was it they
picked everything out and then they put
everything back in and then they saw my
headshots and they're like that's cute
what's that accent
that's me what that is you why I said
it's a long story
it's videos and stuff okay that's cute
like everything's okay said that's okay
you're good to go
apparently you're not allowed to travel
with pictures of yourself how dare he so
I'm at this terrible food place at the
airport
cuz there's no good place at the airport
every and I got you know some tacos and
I was like great so what do you want on
with it can I get some guac and sour
creams with matter both of those and
then my god a fortune cookie with my
tacos because those go together did you
not sell fire because you don't want me
to sit in front of you boys somewhere
there's so no let's steal a table so my
parents can sit with us now go get me a
fork
the back of my mom's leg and her muzzle
apparently Shirley's ours are having
their stretches in the coffee shop and
stretch sweet fetch it out
where's it hurt mom know your fanny
stay in it sit in it Val you're not
supposed to bounce bouncing is the
opposite of what you're supposed to do
you don't take a car for a tune-up just
when it's hit or now I'll do it for me
it's bad same thing
you want to make sure you find two
horses or guy or you get your are the
best now this is like yes what man I'm
in Vegas I'm in Colleen's hotel room
it's kind of small I can't really move
around in it
Hey Hey look uh she was on that show hi
Colleen was on that show
but now it's Ryan Seacrest hey
Christopher what's up none of you we're
all just hanging out
I thought you missed the show the view
because you are also on I sure feel like
they could just only see me there's some
basically close the strip a tassel
fitting for a princess you don't have to
go use an ice machine because we have it
here is icy look at this machine I don't
have to use my bare hands
that was the only option stop doing that
I'm at Starbucks with my bro what's up
and because we're in Vegas all the
prices are scratched out see they're
priceless crushed out because they can
charge wherever they want in Vegas looks
so nice of them Viva Las Vegas you know
you did a hip movement though I'm
hanging out my parents hotel room with
them until the show starts because I set
up stage and the doors open so I had to
get out of that my dad's very
let you do it dad looking over my Empire
touch racetrack
oh hey guys it's me Rachel
I'm just really having a lot of fun in
Vegas right now and I really get up
blogging about every day and Sami things
pissed me off I can't even believe it I
work for Colleen and she fires me all
the time
so anyway gotta go see you later possum
she knows another the show happened I
didn't film any of it so that's nice but
we're all in Colleen's place that's
Christopher Josh but the two evil
geniuses plant plotting their take over
the world
my mommy we're just hanging out and
we're gonna go get dinner soon okay I
feed my tummy and it's Clint explained
I'm really good at blogging and she's
funk I gave my mom a dollar come on ma
are you gonna live it live oh you're
playing the max you want my credit 25
cents later nothing happened
those Lisa fitful dollar I've ever spent
in my life gambling not as fun as you
think it's gonna be we're getting
Starbucks obviously
he'll always be funnier than you we're
eating dinner at the Tropicana tonight
so we're just exploring the hotel until
then this period tampon table Oh cuz you
mean used yes why don't we not used
we're at the restaurant it's very classy
and it's still vlogging so cinnamon what
I said oh yes
I also having to struggle with this no
that comes over assuming this is sea
salt we don't know how to do fancy
places it looks like a crispy turd says
not appealing at our no it looks like
that looks like a turn towards up like
that it looks like a note it looks like
a turd I've just got this appetizer I'm
scared that's gonna ruin my dinner you
should put it aside especially listen I
get work we're a little fancy placement
am I supposed to be impressed with a
little dollop of peanut butter on kompis
I'm not fill up on this good eat it but
I should okay calamari dad what do you
think about what's the holdup labor this
is super fast trial I mean I'm sorry but
it's usually fries dad can octopus I
don't know what the fool this is not
what any mile any calamari ahead looks
bribed and battered and lovely and
golden brown child own boyfriend how's
it taste
chewy like rubber bands again eats a
roll
yeah it's not very flavorful my dad was
correct
he told Josh in the rubber band effect
flavor our the steak baseball batter up
you're so embarrassing right now it just
speaks very loud this is Josh trying on
oh man
I have eaten all day I was hoping I'm
gonna enjoy my three buy system else
smart wine I got something really steak
basil a big that's when I have part of
my plating water all right so I'm home
from Vegas we had two shows there there
were a lot of fun um I didn't vlog the
second day that much hmm but yeah it was
like the same as the first day so you
guys got the gist all right I actually
have another vlog that's coming up
tomorrow so you can watch that I filmed
it and it's almost done edited so you
know I'm actually gonna eventually put
it up alright bye guys 1 2 3 not only
you and me on a date between we
