I know I look real cute today just the
biggest model on the planet you don't
have to tell me twice
don't you tricked me it's about two just
ordered lunch so hopefully I eat before
three and I'm gonna add a falafel
yesterday you got the shakes buddy I
should try and do something entertaining
for you guys today we'll see if I do
he's barking at the mirror I'm trying to
work right now but my dog won't let me
work you know constantly wants to cuddle
I can't get anything done around here he
just wants to come this is why I take
him to doggy daycare hi yeah I love you
too I love you too okay can I work out
that work can you stay still stay still
thank you I'm uploading my blog right
now and I realize I forgot to put an
intro in it I'm sorry I'm not going to
re-edit it because I have to take him to
the PA RK in like five minutes and I
don't have time so I apologize I will
make sure I put one in tomorrow he is
Fault his entire weight is on my arm
right now I am using my strength yeah
you get in the middle you know what it
would be don't look at me like you don't
know where to be more to be and I also
have to be on my tiptoes so that he has
a level place to lay are you just chew
on weight you sure like eating a lot
where did you find that was in your toe
I'm gonna look at this footage and see
where you found that crunchy thing he is
a magician I still look like a mess
all right it's not even that late it's
7:30 but this guy this little monster
and I you can't even see him it's so
dark there's no light on the street it's
annoying but he is being a monster right
now he ran in and out of the house every
clean him up and he'll run back out and
run through the muddy grass and then
sprint back in and I'll clean him off
the second I walk away he runs back
outside and gets gross
so I finally cleaned him off and shut
the back door so he couldn't get out but
then okay no you're not gonna find that
bone again so finally shut the back door
and then he just started running circles
around the house I'm out was like take
him on a walk he clearly needs to get
his energy out so you want a little walk
right now hopefully doesn't last too
long cuz I got things to do well this
guy behind me looks cool hmm
hey stop eating trash this is why I hate
when people litter because my dog
freakin eats it stop it come on he's
being a dick but I was being a dick
tonight come on walk stop being a dick
you're being a dick it's my dog I can
call my dick
