welcome back I'm still in New Orleans
and I'm about to leave my hotel to get
on the plane to go to Orlando because
guess what
I'm going to do is to birthday I'm going
to do his new world today dance make it
dance dance make it dance yeah there's
that and then we have a show in Orlando
the next day mmm I'm told we are staying
at the Hard Rock Hotel when we got here
they had awesome fruit and look it up I
want to eat it so I'm going to eat it I
know it gave us water
I'm so happy a little note says hello I
love what hotels do that that's awesome
they're awesome on the toys both pillows
be nice quiet please I will not be quiet
I like to sort out we've stager ones
before it's a good one well go eat now
I'm hungry what what clean got it
no we all got something different was
really good I ate most of it already
sorry about it okay this thing tells me
how tall I am Beyonce oh no you can see
this nor mine 510 I'm I'm Michael Buble
yes so we can't go to Disneyland
Disney World we can't go to Disneyland
either can't go in any of the Disney's
that it was pouring rain we got here
it's been pouring the entire time they
even shut down the pool at our hotel but
we're gonna go find food I'm so sad
let's go my Mickey wasn't get to dance
this looks so gross but I know it's
gonna taste so good corn bread pretzels
I'm gonna eat it now right now and by
myself and I'm headed down to the gift
shop because I need some midol
my period just started it's great being
a lady
hello like our cock blogging
yes hate that I got caught blogging
anyway I'm on my period and I have to go
get my dog before the cramp set in yeah
luckily what are you so shocked about
you gotta show me how yeah well my fart
smells
outrageous I haven't smelled it yet
mainly because I'm continuously
breathing out of foot mouths but I just
hear this fart and I look over and she
goes cool parent Lea it smells real bad
but I ain't going over that it's really
bad yeah sitting you're filthy nasty
don't wave it towards me the words oh
we're just doing work in our hotel room
because it's writing and there's nothing
to do so it's a working time meditating
a video I did with my brother that'll be
on Tuesday Colleen is obsessed with
desserts we got chocolate cake and
cookie she already ate a bite of the
chocolate cake and I made sure I got a
glass of milk we are party animals sorry
so see to the night clean nines
we went down got drinks and now we're
going to bed I'm sleeping it's late this
vlog sucks so I'm probably going to
combine it with tomorrow's vlog good
night
alright listen I have to genuinely
apologize it is actually two days later
right now so we'd plan to land in
Orlando then go straight the hotels drop
off her stuff and then go straight to
Disney World so I didn't film in the
morning very much or on the airplane or
at the hotel because I was like oh we're
going to Disney without him to film
anything and then we ended up not going
because was pouring rain and so spend
the rest of the day working and then my
friend Rachel came over she lives in
Florida now and I got to see her I'm out
with her a night didn't film any because
I wanted to see her face and not face
through a camera and in the next day we
will go to Universal well we could
really really go to Universal before our
show and then Colleen slept to like
known so kick you to Universal and they
also the only part of that day that I
felt was the meet-and-greet so here's
that footage
but it's just like we had all these
planets I was like putting off filming I
was like I'll film when we do those
things and we never ended up doing them
and then no footage happened anyway I'm
going to snap out of that so this is
this vlog and then I promise I'll
continue vlogging I just had a two day
hiccup that's all thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed this random
three day blog that was probably pretty
short hello guys bye
