so I'm currently in the drive-through of
Taco Bell because I'm the healthiest
human ever I'm actually about to go on a
hike with my friend Michael we haven't
hung out with each other in months and
we didn't read Christmas gifts and I got
him a bow and arrow so I want to go play
with it in the wild
but oh I have to order hold on as I was
saying before they brood they took my
order Michael right with each other no
one else we need to exchange Christmas
gifts and I got him a bow and arrow and
I want to go play with it in the wild so
I suggested we go on a hike cuz hikes
are fun and also bow and arrow that's
mainly what I want to do but I realize I
haven't eaten and I'm about to go I'm
like a three-mile hike so I had to get
something and talk about was literally
the only thing around here
so that was terrible timing on my part
but whatever I'm okay with it what's
going on with Michael so I'm with
Michael hi would uh it was not the word
hi so we exchange Christmas presents and
we both got each other bows and arrows
what so instead of hiking we're just
gonna play bow and arrow all day long
prepares the target I made basically
it's based off Katniss where she shoots
squirrels on the eye all right we're out
in the wilderness there's some people
over there it's not actually the
wilderness we've shot a couple times and
we're terrible at it I think we could
get better I think I could kill a
squirrel in the eye no really good this
Michael you're insecure don't know what
for
I win I'm awesome really cool because I
put it on my body I slid it through it
hell bit wrong way yeah we set up a
Gatorade Bolton we're gonna try and hit
it I almost just felt terrible Michaels
decided to come up with a perfect
contraption two bows one arrow because
America that's like a good 20 feet
Michael's now going to attempt to shoot
three arrows at one time
this one isn't walking the strings you
can do it stop complaining this is the
worst people don't have a bow narrow
Michael do you think that no so much
that there's sportsmanship
so after shooting we decided to go on a
hike and I picked a very leisurely hike
because I didn't want to actually work
out then Michael decided to go
off-roading we're not even on a trail I
don't want to go on but he's making me
oh good I don't know how far up we are
when it's got a pretty good view this is
not snowing soon right yeah
how's it smell Everest it looks like it
yeah there's anything I know about my
stock photos and on Everest from
National Geographic it's this it looks
like this kind of look at Jurassic Park
though let's be real huh looks like
Jurassic Park and I'm okay with it
this is Michael's brilliant idea
he barely goes anywhere
so another tree I ditched Michael he's
up there somewhere
but I did not want to continue going up
that because every step you slid down
like 10 inches it was terrible
two steps forward one step back yeah but
I was tired of that look at what I had
to climb now we have to go back down it
and I'm scared I'm gonna just slip to my
death so where finds his footage
subscribe to my youtube channel Michael
is now hill surfing you are going to
roll your ankle you're going to Cancun
tomorrow sir
no surfing isn't present boys back from
my hike I survived and now I'm gonna go
to the Trader Joe's and get some stuff
that's cuz its behavior night and I also
stopped at Walgreens because Colleen
needs these sequins patterned stockings
and Santa hats so that's what I have to
go get don't ask why maybe one day
you'll find out if you go to a show
anyway so I stopped logging now cuz I
have to drive and I want my cousin
Andrew to beat me up for driving and
vlogging because he gets really mad at
me for that bye
this is no suppressing job plan has ever
given me to find Santa hats and
stockings that are red with sequins on
them and I have gone to like six
different stores looking at the
depressing clearance Christmas Isles and
it just it hurts I've only found a few
things and it's really sad to see
Christmas leave I usually avoid places
for like a month until it all goes away
I'm not even finding what I want this is
just sad I'm having a sad day Christmas
this is all there's left
I think it's blank look at the sadness
look at this hole it's the sad hole
alright that's another day I'm going to
sleep I'm working for clean early in the
morning and then tomorrow I'm going to a
Laker game with my father that is going
to be amazing cuz he's a massive child
when we go to sports games so let's go
do that
I mean I'm I could sleep but Oh Carlo
could do that
bye
