it's Christmas Christmas it's Christmas
Christmas it's Christmas Christmas and
it's time to celebrate this one it's
Christmas morning jump it jump it jump
it jump it jump it we're about to go out
and do our presents and I'm super
excited Tribble cup like this Trillo cup
like this I don't think so we're
annoying every gallon it's time to go I
just picked a wedgie did you get
Christmas tree at Christmas
ha ha ha see how my dad says he likes
the present as he puts it on but it is B
can you tell he got a sweatshirt I got
Mia crying I didn't even what a Craig
use a Craig as because I was hugging it
on my chin come it's like your new bag
that's that's the bay everyone's been
fake traffic round no mister in my seat
mom what are you excited about haha I
got these little toothbrush things that
I put in my purse Wow Australia there
yes Zealand yay I got our showerhead
glasses so I can see me women in
Australia but my cousins and we're
opening a meeting I don't know what a
key just open up tell me what it is and
you this or not alarm SM bottle water
oh wow yeah Josh got in for a bunch of
lovey buddies man that's a date night
for you oh is it on this is the stuffed
animal hey you got daddy this dog is hey
say hi
you're the worst vlogger in the world oh
you found a dog your size you think this
dog would be Stephanie's because
Stephanie is like four foot two but this
is her dog the dog is bigger than her oh
it's reindeer right oh thank you did you
make it all
Wow playing white elephant this is gonna
get crazy with a group this big notice
Marguerite puffer not a water boiler I
stole it
haha it's Christmas Day so you know
where the balances are at you can't see
it really because they're no good you
could see it oh you can see it in the
rear view mirror or at Carl's jr. cars
do you drive through you jealous we're
getting ready for our annual Christmas
cookie party all of Colleen's baking
will be ending in an hour and a half
when the party starts but look how good
things look so far nd you mean just
beginning her baking bro i I expect that
time Oh Jeannie songs I love it RI bro
you
so the party has started and here is
Kelly six this is my best friend and
Friends since sophomore year of high
school we only see each other like twice
a year and this is one of those times
and I'm really excited and she doesn't
speak because she's very nervous that
I'm holding a camera in front of her
face my lover and she makes the best
strawberry rhubarb pie ever look at all
of us girls in our onesies burnsy sad
and what song status ones status the
kind of love those boys know I sucked at
filming the Christmas party but it's the
other night it's 1:30
Andrew somehow is so here I'm good to go
his friend Jessica are here Josh is
obviously here I'm still here and we're
all about to go to bed because that's
the smart thing to do is it though yes
because the children are waking up at
6:00 a.m. I fun with that I think I will
be here I was way too tired to do I
think Bon Jovi said it best when he said
it's my time you know how we're never
really not it's my life it's now or
never it's never libel reboot that's
what he said and then he had that weird
mouthing wow wow wow
live and learn hmm I'm sorry you had to
go through this did you film any of the
singing or Josh we're trying to make out
yesterday I did not film that you hear
what happened no do it
reenactment story crisper said I'm gonna
go outside and get something from the
car Joshua's snuck over to the doorway
and just stood there under the mistletoe
that miscellaneous yeah and planted
himself for like two minutes we do it
yeah everybody andrew is me yeah and
that was like Chris you have to kiss me
guys you're under the mistletoe that's
not your cheek - Hoshi
kiss yeah do it only on the lips no it
wasn't here last time no definitely not
Tom tongue in the ear the first case is
not Tom anyone at home your first kiss
should not involve tongue issues okay we
are not going yes I'm gonna kiss that
noggin
watch watch me releve Oh what doing this
is the most masculine way but you can
imagine I'm gonna for you bro come on I
gave you romance movies I did there's no
one here there's never anyone here oh
good you breasts take bath back what
that night jingle bell jingle
