well if I miss day 28 it's Christmas Eve
it's Christmas same which means tomorrow
is Christmas yeah so today's Christmas
Eve I only have like two more presents
to get can you believe it I was done the
day before Christmas I'm really on top
of it it's 11 I probably need to get
dressed and soft I've been visited
editing I've been working so calm your
face and also it's vacation so men all
right yes do life now I'm on my way to
drop off something at Tina's house and
then I'm going to Christopher and
Jessica's for a Christmas Eve party I
just realized it's Christmas Day for you
guys or it's the day after but I was
Christmas Day why are you watching vlogs
go be with your family and have fun it's
Christmas Eve for me so I'm allowed to
be driving and talking to my camera it's
Christmas Day
come on what goodness that sky is
gorgeous can't even see it I've stopped
off our random street to slowly try and
get the Sun set and I can't get it
because it can't even be shown in a
video I need to not drive and blog daily
has made us kind of deluxe oh sure
I was playing with a puzzle it's alright
it looks like it's going well
Brooklyn great what's happening Simon
try sit that was me
Oh
of what is life time for this well I'm
doing its parties playing this puzzle
and I have a group of people help me
we're getting a soul presence right now
apparently this is for me what I got
present you can you help me open it
you'll help me open it but I get to keep
it that's the rule
I got a sponsor sharp piece a bunch of
sharpies present no stop giving me
presents everybody's giving me things
and I don't want them I don't want to
risk miss you can't no got you there
eat your present boy larger in his women
ladies Mia there comes another lady
darkest guys we've been ditching the
whole party because we wanted to do this
entire puzzle here is the last piece
Adams
Oh stick it in I never want to miss this
ever
okay put it in know my cousin Adam we
did it now what all right
where's the party yes
No
if yeah it's cool Thank You ed time more
translation please Rachel yeah it's cool
all growing up our dad always went out
on Christmas Eve night to like ride a
zit write it or CBS or one of those
places or Walgreens and Christmas shop
and we always made fun of them and here
we are okay Christmas Eve night at CVS
well we needed ribbons and bows but
we're shopping for other people like
just people we just randomly forgot
about so we are our father and I'm proud
of it darn it Polly's cooking in the
kitchen
that's the cooking stance apparently and
I'm in my room putting bows on the
presents and my mom's in there wrapping
stuff I'm not supposed to look but my
camera did and I'm putting bows on
things I already brought my presence at
home but this one is a baby
it's Legos don't Taylor put a bow on fun
I'm having a dilemma I wrap this like a
week ago
and the tag fell off of it and I have no
clue who it's to I don't know what it is
it's I mean odds are is for Colleen I'm
just gonna take a little peek and I have
to rewrap this visit take tops for
Colleen I was right I'm getting sent out
to the grocery store but the grocery
store is not open somebody the gas
station to get pretzels so Colleen can
make reindeer cookies I don't know but
I'm going I do what I'm told
shoo get on my foot you will Punk huh I
told it what what yeah I think we have a
problem we wanted normal pretzels and
all they have are many and all time live
in trucks
pretzels abound then gasps - I'm gonna
feed you found a GM I found what we need
Christmas want to see what my pretzels
did Oh overexposure let's do that again
let's see what my pretzels did still
overexposure they made reindeer just
cooking like a Oh cooker we're about to
film our annual awkward Christmas video
I'm prepping for while Plains bacon or
her butt off it'll be posted the same
day this is posted so make sure that you
check that out also okay it's the end of
the night is this on is this thing on
oh I shouldn't touch that we just
finished filming and I'm gonna go to bed
I get to sleep on this floor josh is
gonna Barbra time jealous it's Christmas
you bet you do I'm gonna say goodbye to
you guys now and I'll see you in the
morning
I love Christmas Extravaganza love you
guys bye
