good morning welcome to vlogmas day
nothing yeah I'm about to film a video
with my mother
it's going up my channel today which is
yesterday for you guys yeah so this
might be an amazing video might be
terrible I think it's gonna be amazing
because my mother's on it
but I've set up for that and put my
makeup on because my main channel then
they don't see me without makeup that's
not allowed
like a puppy movie Cinderella poopy me
yes you're so excited you're so excited
no you're a dog I love dogs I was so
excited yes yes this is my mom's dog I
don't think you guys have really ever
seen her what but because she's always
outside when there's a bunch of company
over cause she will knock over a child
accidentally not like in viciousness
but this tail will seriously knock me
over but it's just me my mom here right
now so she's letting her in she playing
running around awesome so time has
passed a lot of it actually
and I found Josh he was right there and
we are gonna go play hockey with my
cousin Andrew my cousin Andrew is a huge
hockey dude just loves it plays it all
the time and Josh and I never play but I
love sports and Josh loves trying to do
things with Andrew so we're gonna go do
this I've done a lot of sports in my day
hockey has never been one of them this
is my first time I had a hockey rink
it's a roller hockey not ice but it's
still hockey remember I was telling you
Andrew plays hockey really well
Oh
world's best footage of the past like
three seconds
dated I played hockey here's a picture
it's pretty fun actually we're probably
to come back today after Christmas and
play more to reindeer at her house oh
look that's my bay I've got a really
terrible white elephant gift it's a
watch terrible for xmas yeah yo zebra
with me up put me on top let's run
another mile Oliver write me up put me
on top let's follow up without me Hardin
is my Christmas tree
my Christmas tree yes like me on top
it's appropriate I think I should not or
shouldn't leave the cameras lying around
the shell acoustic sessions Oh for
fuck's my white Elementary I got number
eight I don't know how to play this game
let's see what I can't see ya apparently
they're stealing a halt sounds very very
first wow that's really awkward yeah
this is what Josh I ended up with
candles I guess the candle but then
cooling gave me hearse and he was
calling got a gingerbread making head
actually I got a just really kid she
stole it I got sand she's using my gift
rachel has two gifts right now cuz I
gave her mind the thing is i won alright
ready to go again
josh is doing dance moves what does that
mean josh is it means that Josh's adult
wise look I got a kitty and so it means
he's house Kitty's comfy happy yeah boom
boom boom boom yeah
no you're marrying it then you go hit
hit hit
I'm smashing this shit I don't know
about you but I'll be very self aware
quietly sleep on your
funny honestly on the floor she didn't
pass that I promise you losers fell
asleep so I'm back at my house and I
sleep on the couch when I'm here because
Colleen and Josh sleep in my old room
and the other room is filled with
presents firstworldproblems I know
so I sleep on the couch until I find
with but I couldn't find any pillows or
blankets because since I've not been
living here everything's like gotten
rearranged so I knocked my dad's doors
like dad I need a pillow and blanket I
don't know where any they are so I said
hold on he comes back with a pillowcase
that's it I sent him back just I mean it
was - and what it's got it was a sheet
which is what I needed but also a pillow
all good it's lost me a sheet okay right
- fed goodbye the only place you
