welcome to vlogmas day I have no clue
now I'm packing up because I'm going to
Santa Barbara today so I'm trying to
clean because I'll be gone for a little
bit I don't want to come home to a dirty
house but I'm also trying to just pack
so oh my gosh this room's a mess alright
anyway so I'm gonna go to SB today and
then see my cousin do the Nutcracker
she's been doing ballet for like 20
billion years and this is her last
Nutcracker so I gotta go and then we're
gonna hang out family ready let's do it
I am on my way to Santa Barbara let's go
please the grass is really greener
what could I bet on the freeway it's
Colleen
so apparently Colleen was almost out of
gas so I drove behind her on the freeway
and then Bailey needed pee hey say hi to
my camera and so I'm taking a guy hop to
pee so we're like ten miles from where
we need to be and : was straight all the
girls bring a ram shirt I like you
random girl
whoever you are wearing a ram shirt I
like you anyway Colleen was running out
of gas and Bailey had to pee so luckily
I literally saw them on the freeway and
helped that was nice but now we're both
gonna be late to the ballet I won't be
late we just we have to stop and get a
gift so it's gonna take some time we
made it to the ballet on time but now
we're gonna go get Stephanie a gift I
already said hi to Bailey we went paid
Yemen rocket Nutcracker Wow
it's intermission Bailey how are you
liking the Bella good like it you are
sitting on the ground or climbing all
over grandma doriga yeah
someone had it wrong today and still hey
hey oh that's good looks like a really
good
Oh
the ballet is done josh has got some
mascara off my face oh it's good I how
to recreate it with my mother go just
finish the back crack you can join
Joshua I don't wanna miss y'all oh oh oh
there you go coach Nutcracker
and I'm back at home with the family how
we normally do and my mom is outside
waving around Australian things because
our friend from Australia is coming over
and my mom is just super stoked there's
this hey Simon did you know we're dating
yeah apparently I miss you
yeah we are I can see okay and Jenna's
telling me okay hi Simon is my boyfriend
why that was it that was a down angle
and I miss it you introduced your
boyfriend
Simon's my boyfriend I'm dating Simon
you are my BAE listen internet internet
I've heard this is a really bad angle on
face I can't see it from here I'm down
here you look gorgeous
no matter what angle your listen
Internet she's mine she's got no chance
like Simon's mind I totally have a
chance with me maybe but not with Rachel
she's mine it's Rachel's everyone's fine
I offered me friend is gonna have to
fight and I'm a huge why do I listen to
you excuse me while i undress for the
camera did you miss us yeah and I got
French and I've got bows and I'm so
freaking oh glass ball moving
she stop fall back it up that let me see
all right it's the end of the day I'm
going to bed we had a lot of fun family
but I'm gonna go to sleep and I have to
whisper good Bailey's asleep on the
living room floor
all right guys love you
