mouki in my eye welcome to vlogmas day
22 Wow
22 days straight of vlogging I didn't
think I would be able to do it so
yesterday's vlog sucked and I'm
determined today today's better so
obviously we're gonna start off with my
advent calendar I've seen a lot of
tweets and comments saying Oh shouldn't
do your other account anymore I am I'm
just not showing you because I get way
too excited that I forget to bring my
camera over geez
haters let me open up my window this is
what I have so far I got some car man
some snow man robbery that fell down a
cop a fireman on a grill a table what
happened out there
things happened I can go back in there
this got a lot I don't even know what
today's date is is it the 18th or the
17th I think it's 17th oh wait I skipped
yesterday's okay so I skipped one day
calm down you can do two today this one
oh my god I don't know what that is I
think it's a car alright and an 18 I got
a little happy man jealous I'm currently
doing a little ab workout while I watch
my youtube videos it's my nephew Jacob
watching my brothers right now doing an
ab workout because my ABS have not been
in existence for a little while it's a
sad sad day but you know what I'm gonna
get them back also I decided that I'm
gonna try and go all day without
caffeine because I've been a little
addicted lately and I want to see if I
can go a whole day without it I'm sure I
can it's mind over matter but I'm just
gonna do it today - you bet your bottom
dollar that tomorrow I'm gonna be
drinking some coffee but today I think I
can get through it I got a lot of sleep
last night I'm working out in the
morning I think I can go the whole day
without coffee or caffeine I'm already
regretting my words but let's see if I
can do it that's my ab workout protein
shake not coffee but I think it'll help
alright I'm on my way to Colleen's to go
do some work
you should needs help with Miranda video
there's so complex and
I'm really hoping I have time to go to
Costco it's gonna go earlier but things
came up and there's an old lady look at
her outfit get it you rock that print
with other print you walk that oh
there's more anyway I'm hoping to able
to get a Costco later but right now
let's go over to Colleen's yeah okay
cool - squid she balls like 5:00 p.m.
and Killeen hasn't posted her Mother's
Day video as Miranda and so if we're
quickly recording the 12 days of
Christmas Miranda style and then editing
it and posting it
yippee she's not something a makeup
tutorial finished products so gorgeous
thank you thank you
all right I'm Donna Colleen's house that
took longer than expected I wanted to go
to Costco the day before 5:00 so I could
get some samples but that's not gonna
happen hopefully I can still get to
Costco but even if I do look back at
these samples there d'arnot is the
reason people go to Costco I finally
made it to Costco
I'm so happy just so lovely in here
everything's so big and wonderful it's
like a giant playground for me guys at
7:30 p.m. and I haven't had any caffeine
today no soda no coffee no energy drinks
this is a record I'm extremely tired all
right it's in the night and I'm going to
bed I worked a lot today I did go to
Target but I didn't show you guys
because it was my personal time my
personal moment at Target I just needed
my own moment
anyway I love you guys and tomorrow I
think I'm doing something really awesome
I actually know I am at 9 a.m. I don't
know if I'm willing to tell you I'll
just tell you anyway rupaul so if you
don't know who that is
shame on you ok bye guys
