the student is just sitting still just
sitting in the middle of the
intersection he was we had a green and I
stopped at the yellow so that he could
go but he didn't go he just ended up
sitting there I don't know what the deal
is I wonder what he thinks he's allowed
to go vlogmas day 21 it's 2 p.m. I just
started vlogging because I woke up and
had a bunch of work I had to get done I
forgot to do some stuff for cooling and
she called me this morning and did a
gentle reminder that I didn't do my job
and that was my fault so I had to do
stuff really quickly and then my agency
started nagging me about stuff oh well
just sit just let's check
oh look it's 5:00 at night and this is
the second time I've picked up my camera
today there's a Colleen there's a Josh
alright so you're sitting with your
buddy
you're having to talk you kind of
interrupted you grab a pedal moment I
know let's talk about oh yeah we don't
talk about that I've been home for a
while I've been working and watching
basketball and I'm watching the Memphis
vs San Antonio and I'm stressing out I
don't care about either team but it just
went into triple overtime in my heart is
pounding but I have nothing to do with
these teams but I just like I just like
basketball I like competition in sports
um this is a very boring Bob look know
the pain okay I'll do something
entertaining I promise guys there's a
possum over there
I don't know if it's staying awesome but
there's a possum oh it wouldn't be
anything I lost it but I saw a possum
that was pretty cool too bad he wasn't
awesome
I want a leader
this is just make-believe chunks explain
what I'm doing I went out for drinks and
now I'm at a burger place getting the
best burger you will ever eat I'm not
gonna tell you what it is because I'm
selfish and I want it all to me I'm
going to show you the best burger ever
right now
so I know this vlog was super short but
I literally just worked at a computer
all day and then I watched the end of of
that basketball game
so um to make up for the shortness I'm
going to do an awkward dance for you do
you want a long vlog check out
yesterday's cuz I think I was like 9
minutes long right now I'm just gonna do
some awkward dancing
which is gonna do with all that junk all
that junk inside alright that's it for
today I love you guys tomorrow will be
more exciting I just had to work today I
love you guys bye
