welcome to my blog miss day 19 I'm
currently driving to the YouTube spaces
right now to go shoot something with
Flula and that's gonna be a lot of fun
cuz its Flula boom yes let's do it and
then I'm gonna go hang out with Colleen
and every girl youtubers that rules the
world besides zoella that's basically
what's happening today I'm on set right
now and guess who I found
oh she found me oh there it is I'm ldk
she's doing her nails and yes was a
great station you setup thank you
yeah I open a salon here I think that's
what they need yeah I like how the phone
is that is the table for you something
stable yeah you do this is that true
that's a goal in life - Lulla by Flula
by Rachel hello what yes just left of
shooting with Flula I'm not supposed to
say what the thing is his rules not mine
I don't give a crap it was a lot of fun
he is amazing he's one of the funniest
people right now I'm gonna go home and
eat because I'm starving
let's go I'm tired I've already had two
coffees today I need another coffee oh
look I found Christopher again I'm
always hanging out yeah you are sibling
friends for life
chairs spinning it just doesn't stop
spinning it's gotta keep on keep on keep
on we gotta keep on keep on keep on
grooving I keep on singing and dancing
all through the night yeah oh yeah okay
we're outside of a shoot we're not going
in no I'm not sure if I'm focused times
you're not I'm focused slow down
Christopher but we can't go in because
Colleen of course made us get here
thirty minutes early
oh is that it I didn't have an argument
I just got it right
: told me to start vlogging start
vlogging because I think she is vlogging
and Christopher's vlogging and then
there's Josh over there vlogging
youtuber just kind of with these guys
oh look there's a guy with a camera we
all have I don't know what's going on
going on
what Canon Powershot party whatever song
since like Chicago that I was like still
feel Joshua Joshua's back so now Alcorn
like I said with the right one for your
okay yeah okay
you drop stuff yes coming going what
wait how's the sorry it's so hard I mean
to you I'm aroused yeah Cal yeah I am
now on my way with Colleen to go over to
a Courtney acts place and film a thing
there if you don't know who Courtney act
is you clearly do not watch RuPaul's
Drag Race because Courtney is the most
gorgeous human being on this planet
anyway we're going there to film I've
been shooting all day I woke up at 7:30
shot with Flula then went over to a
party of vaginas and they're now going
over Courtney's to Shu and I'm just I'm
dead I'm dead
and so I'm at Starbucks obviously I'm in
and it's just a tired mood I'm very
tired but no complaining because it's
been a fantastic day
yeah okay that's it let's film some more
work nice house to just Courtney Queenie
say hi okay not there it is are you good
there Courtney is my child
yep and you're now dating and she's my
child
oh ho good and I have to wet diapers
yeah that's what that's what I'm into
yeah all right you're into fate break
I'm into it it'll all make sense when
you wash what we just did I got home I
ordered Chinese food because I was way
too tired to cook anything or go back
out for food so I ordered Chinese and I
ate it and now I'm gonna go to bed and I
have to wake up early and film some
stuff and then go to SB we're going to
Santa Barbara tomorrow guys let's do it
to it movie khushu flu I think I've done
that right before anyway love you guys
bye
