what up Judy with a booty I mean we all
have a booty it applies to everybody I
am running a few errands and then at
12:15 we are dropping out blaze at his
daycare boarding place for a couple days
because I hey I'm gonna Jojo texted me
and my siblings and she was like hey
when I come to New York and we were like
yes so me Colleen Cory Christopher
Jessica and all four kids are going to
New York together today Jojo has some
premiere in Times Square and she was
like I wanted my friends to be there oh
god oh god oh god
AC was just just attacked me anyway so
we all said that we'd go and it's clean
night and Cory are going for two two
nights and Christopher and his family
are going for three I believe unless
they've extended their trip because they
usually do that usually hang around
longer this you know when you got kids
you want them to explore the areas you
go to they they really take advantage of
the traveling with the youngsters
getting a curb but don't forget curb to
curb
got a truck don't worry about it I
should put this down now okay bye
dog is that daycare I am at LAX Cory's
at LAX holiness at LAX clean I match I
fast few days because I didn't Santa
Barbara I was having my parents clean
out at their house and my dad didn't
want this cool jacket of his that he
wore my entire childhood so I took it
it's too big on me but it's perfect I
love it with all my heart anyway who are
on our way to New York about to board
I'm excited five hour flight we just
made to New York I just got my room oh
my god I get so carsick like mm-hmm
it is unreal I can't if unless I'm
driving I get carsick the second I get a
car I'm just like I didn't throw up but
I just get so nauseous and just drenched
in sweat
I they're just like tearing off all my
clothes and trying to put my hair up I'm
putting my face against the window so
it's cold I'm s it's trying to kind of
feel better it's been about ten minutes
but I tell you over here Jo Jo's movie
premiere anyway a huge group just saw
them all downstairs and then now I think
two of us are gonna grab pizza I need a
soda
I think that'll help some sprite yeah
sure why not I'm very my neck is very
veiny anyway it was a good flight had
extra leg curls
fantastic and that's all that's all I
have to report nothing fancy I keep
having diarrhea because I keep getting
carsick
you don't need to know that info you
don't so we met Oh am i clean I mean
caline's been getting a lot of work done
today
I filmed the video but now we're at Apep
oaks we're having a dinner before the
premiere for Joe Joe's movie we watched
what two trailers part and actually
funny but we're waiting around now for
the dentist we're first for the first
people here because we come to
everything early look who showed up
look who showed up to be cute look who
showed up to be handsome we just walked
into the screening room and it's playing
icarly right now if you know me you know
that's my jam movie ended it was amazing
I'll talk about it later when I'm not
hectic and crazy
you're so happy we're all going bowling
right now so let's go bold
wait all their useless who gets the ball
up and it refuses but I'm asking about
the baby bowling for her so she can use
it she cheating by cheating
I hope title I'm still in New York but
home I will go we're just exploring the
city for a couple of hours exploring
we've been here or just bumming around
for a couple hours and at 4:00 we're
going to the Sugar Factory and then we
have to leave at 5:00 because we are
going home tonight we were only in hit
in New York for two nights but it was a
fabulous two nights if I do say so
myself so we're waiting for Christopher
and Jessica and them to be eating so we
can meet up with them and then do
something fun as a family because that's
what we do we're family I finally met up
with all the little chickadees Jessica's
a chickadee we ended up at a Lego store
near Rockefeller Plaza
city center Rockefeller Center I don't
know the names here and it's the pot
it's the thing I said in here anyway and
I should be in heaven but I'm Thomas so
I'm not buying anything this thing you
scan it oh it's supposed to get there in
a little one apparently you just hold
the box up to this and I'll show you
what it is oh wait Bailey put it down go
down lower there it is what that's magic
this was not around when I was a child
oh my god this Lego sign is made out of
note the reflections not gonna let it
happen
nope not happening never gonna happen
it's made out of little Lego people it's
cool just trust me
okay I'm back in LA so we were at the
sugar factory that last thing was called
the sugar factory just mounds of sugar
and me and Duncan were the only ones not
eating sugar it was a lot of fun though
so yeah we were there for judges movie
premiere and blurt I actually loved the
movie and hashtag not add I just noticed
that I would cuz I cry often i was like
icarly I was like oh man I love the show
I don't watch that like wait I still
love this show and then we watch the
movie and I was like wait this was
really funny it's a kids movie but it
was really funny and I realized that
like Nickelodeon kinda has like an adult
sense of humor and I like it
but Jojo was amazing in it my favorite
part was just seeing her with her hair
down cuz I'm always wondering what she
looks like with her hair down cuz was
always up in the ponytail with the bow
girl know your brand love it stick to it
but what does her hair look like doubt
and the hairdresser for blurt was
actually the same hairdresser that with
did haters back off he's in Brussels he
had a blast doing different things with
her hair and he did her hair was very
different did lots of different things
throughout the movie and I loved it but
anyway Jojo was amazing New York was so
much fun we just had a blast it was a
hectic two days but it was awesome two
days so that's all thank you guys for
watching I love you and I'll see you
next time
you
