guess who just eat their fathers hat you
you did no eating hats no I'm not no
eating hats it's not allowed you eat
this I buy you toys you eat this you eat
this even don't eat hats little punk
they're coming in to apologize or you
coming in because it's lunchtime get
your lunch is that what you eating
enough because you need your lunch time
all right hold on why are you sitting
there whining huh why are you I gave you
a t-shirt to eat and then I wonder why
you try and eat our t-shirts well I'm
just a dog on board I have a phone
meeting with you two in oh my new
youtube rep right you to Brooklyn moon
like I'm leaving here's the contact from
your new YouTube rep and another glitch
of a punk oh I'm like it's all good a
phone call but I do have a complaint
that all my blog channel videos the day
after they're posted I'll get flagged as
inappropriate and I can't put ads on
them but then I request a review and
being like hey this is appropriate for
all ads and people and they're like oh
yeah you're right so every every day the
video I posted the day before gets
flagged as inappropriate and then it
within a few hours it eventually gets
unflagged but it's like I have to go
through it every single day with every
video I post and it's annoying cuz my
vlog channel is very family-friendly
like I don't cuss I do save some rude
words but they're not cuss words and I
don't I don't talk about anything
inappropriate and I don't know I'm
pretty much follow all guidelines he's
proven by the fact that when I have my
video review they like oh yeah this is
fine so why do you keep I think it's
someone I think you're probably watching
this that person I think there's a group
of people probably flagging the videos
that's inappropriate so YouTube's like
okay it's appropriate I'm like no it's
not
I'm gonna go do this phone call so I was
on my phone call that left no idea where
it went not a cliff I'm not gonna text
them it's fine but my YouTube calls are
all of the same I was like why do my
videos keep getting ads taking off why
does it keep saying it's not
family-friendly and he was like hello
don't know nothing we can do about it
the system and I was like okay why is it
sometimes when I post a video my my
viewers don't get the notification for
like 10 hours he's like we had a glitch
one week maybe was that like how come it
doesn't show up in my subscription and
people's subscription feeds are on my
home page for a couple hours or 20
minutes after that post
he's like send me their names in the
video and I'll look good and do it so
all the same they act like they're gonna
but the never help it's a thing anyway I
need to take him dog daycare because I
need to film and get some stuff done
he's a little hyper today and I know a
lot fun there also I take them there
every once or two weeks to get his nails
trimmed because they do it for cheaper
where go away to doggy daycare doggy
daycare doggie deck going to the doggy
daycare so I can't do things and you one
bug me dude I promise you're gonna have
fun stop looking like you're not gonna
have fun you can have a lot of fun all
right
it's kid never trust me dog has dropped
off time to run errands and do adult
things but not like you know like
errands
so I realized it was 3:30 and I hadn't
eaten yet so PB&J time um I'm an adult I
love food I hate that I have to eat this
isn't an dietbody thing at all this is
an inconvenience thing listen listen I
freaking love food I love the taste I
love the variety I love putting it in my
body I love food I have no issues with
food food to me we're good but I hate
that when I'm super busy and I've got
Stephanie when I'm on a time restraint I
still have to stop to eat and it's
annoying cuz I'm like I don't have time
to eat today like I wish I could and I
try and push it off as long as I can and
then my body's like hey screw you put
something in me and I'm like dang it
you win fine body I'll put something in
you again not because of like calories
or weight or whatever it's literally
because I'm busy I don't got time for it
I wish I did but I don't and then I end
up beating something stupid like PB&J
and not properly nutritional izing my
body but it's I love food when I have
time for it when I don't have time for
it I'm pissed at it I'm I'm stubborn and
I don't like people telling you what to
do and it's my body's telling me what to
do and I get so mad at it because I
don't want to right now I'm busy
speaking of busy I gotta go take some
pictures and stuff okay bye okay I
walked around my neighborhood for like
an hour and just took pictures I love
this red below yes give me hell it's
five o'clock now I'm gonna go pick up my
dog and then I have to film an edit and
post full upload tonight
posted tomorrow but I have things I have
to do in the morning so I threw all that
tonight I don't know what my Thursday
videos gonna be what should it be guys I
don't know
lard me up by the time you watch this
yeah we'll just blog here this is the
good spot to vlog dogs home and sleeping
he'll sleep for the rest of the night
and a little bit of tomorrow morning but
I have to film my video for tomorrow and
it astha need to work out just you know
this is a day of getting things done
actually know what I need to get done is
sending all my dog's insurance claims
cuz that dog has costed a couple
thousand over the past few months I need
to get that money back or 80% of it at
least
yeah I put this shirt on like 20 minutes
ago
to do my workout and he already got it
buddy
how did he even do that this is my merch
I was like oh I was gonna like take a
picture of me working on my merchant
yeah buy my merch and fitness cool no
that's for Turkey now can't do that
excuse me you uh you got me dirty
where's the mud on you I know there's
mud on you where is it come here let me
examine you come here this pop no just
pop no is your face your flesh let me
see it look like I'm trying to figure
out what's wrong with a car why is there
mud on you where is it where is it
located on your body you zero help
you're just a mud monster well let's
hope whatever mud was on him is just now
on me
such a turd okay I think I just died
editing my video just finish everything
it's about 1:00 in the morning I didn't
go to sleep so how do we get partly
tomorrow but I was ending my video and I
think I had my camera on the wrong
setting and so the whole footage is like
slightly grainy which is it's fine
doesn't matter but it just does - good
night guys
