welcome to vlogmas State I have no clue
nope though it's Sunday morning Colleen
has my coffee downstairs so I'm going to
grab my coffee from her in Oregon do
brunch it's gonna be a lot of fun good
morning so we were going to get some
Chinese food but we decided that it
wasn't that great book place so now for
turn find somewhere else to eat
breakfast there's construction it's
really great or at a buffet but none of
us ordered the buffet
we've got burgers because they were the
cheapest thing on the menu and we're
also old jerks because we not only
ordered burgers but we're splitting with
me and we hungry um hey I got a book
it's really fascinating lunch discussion
Brody doesn't damn bull laws will be
walking through wait are we really about
to Susanna palace where I mean why else
would we be - - okay I'm about to go see
Santa Claus
love one teeny dances the judgment Mele
just got me a little dragon at the store
best mr. ever award Oh such a hater I'm
not a hater I just have never known that
you like dragons
like what like about dragons tell me
three days that way exists
that they exist that they exist for a
coffee to set of Starbucks and I think
Josh likes this drink more than
Starbucks green eyes look at the ice the
ice is amazing she's really good that's
the best kind of nice - honest words hey
guess what
what I pooped three times today with me
like one accomplishment of the day did
you go rabbit turds that's not as long
this is so grub over-exaggerated that
did not come out every time today no
telling how thick
that's a significant turn baby this is
disgusting thank you baby
we thought about going ice skating but
then we didn't want to look ridiculous I
did for a second no but then I realized
how terrible it is because no one knows
how to ice skate in Southern California
it is melting in the middle oh there is
fully a puddle in the middle clean
bought me a Christmas necklace look at
there's little things on it look at all
the little things isn't she the best all
right I'm back in my home area and I'm
gonna make fajitas for dinner so let's
do this and now it's time the heat is
with Rachael
step one cut everything into slices like
this step two put it in some oil cook
some chicken and put some stuff on it
then add all the drop stuff stir it and
then you put sour cream and guacamole
and cheese on top of it and then you
roll it up and eat it so that's the
today's vlog thanks for watching
tomorrow I'm supposed to go shoot
something with Flula and then meet up
with a bunch of other youtubers in
Killeen so it'll be a bunch of fun yeah
that's the end and fajitas are delicious
if you guys haven't had pitas for ate
them also I'm wearing my retainer I'm
really cute love you guys bye
