welcome to vlogmas day 17 it was sixty
degrees and i woke up this morning in my
apartment that is not allowed
that is way too cold for my apartment I
had to turn the heater on the heater is
currently on which means it's officially
Christmas time I know so many of you are
like really it's December and it's 60
degrees
listen I'm in Southern California just
deal with it
let's do today wait no today wait it's a
lot of fun today we're having a lot of
fun jigs we're gonna go do some winter
extravaganza wonderland thing with all
of my friends this is gonna be great
let's see more my friends so I'm on my
way to the Christmas winter wonderland
thing and I have like 20 minutes behind
teeny Simon calling ajosh I'll catch up
because the boys are driving which means
imma go fast it just go to the hotel and
we are all going to change and get all
fancy and then go out to dinner and do
Christmas things so I'm gonna change
basic clothing
now the fancy clothing boom dress and my
bra showing cuz I'm a classy lady let's
go see what everyone else is wearing
coins outfit why my shoes don't match
though don't let my shoes is
embarrassing oh I'm so embarrassed
teenies outfit Simon's but err don't
think it it looks good just the way it
is yeah Josh's but you found it No
and every time it rains a strange man is
from heaven she'll be too big
don't you know each cloud contains man
is from heaven you've been to me you'll
find your fortune falling all over town
yes
what's I'm interested he got us some
kale cake carolers I'm not even drunk
and I don't I'd say every time T near
Colinas to the bathroom I'm the one that
s Corson and I don't ever have to be so
I've gone the bathroom three times
tonight and xp0 times it's great holy
goalie is trying to sneak through the
garden light area what you doing let's
see bug doing the things that pretty bad
dude it's your birthday large talons it
II don't
took my gosh I am trying to do it yet
why are you upset because I didn't get
to do the y'all thing because everyone
else did knows my thing I didn't do it
just calling that it she's a thief oh
 stop back it up let me see oh
she stop go back down let me see what
we're all back and cooling in Josh's
room and T's Simon showed up and
fantastic pyjamas all right you
chipmunks ready to sing your song okay
Simon oh the boys don't know how to open
up here so I'll do it there you go like
a boss so I forgot to close out
yesterday's video sorry the winter
wonderland was fun I had a great dinner
with my friends and I love them but yeah
and tomorrow which is des now I'm gonna
go do breakfast with them or brunch
because it's 10:30
alright love you guys bye
