Morgan for clean today and it usually
takes me five minutes to drive to her
apartment today it took me 20 because
it's raining and no one in LA knows how
to frickin drive in the rain and it's
annoying as far also it's street
cleaning and therefore there was only
half the park method normally is I'm in
a bad mood good morning welcome to
vlogmas day 16 guess who's at my
sister's house bonus family member me
you guessed it cuz you probably watched
my vlog yesterday and figured it out
there you go right yeah I did that no
it's not up yet oh I thought it was a
really bad sister mr. vlog I was like I
thought I watched everything they're
gonna know cuz they watch my vlogs right
guys yes everyone you watch
Christopher's vlogs I put a link below
so that you can and say that you did you
didn't I thanks for not lying guys
Christopher's putting on a Christmas
sweater it's just a sweater
it looks pretty Christmassy to me this
is sweater Rachel let's not make a big
deal about it no but it's during the
Christmas season and it's red and has
some flowers that were snow snowflakes
there's a snowflake that's a Christmas
sweater they're flowers the hibiscus
water I'm saying Christmas calm below if
you think it's a Christmas sweater or a
regular sweater
it's a Christmas sweater booyah it's a
Kwanzaa cos sweater don't be racist was
the estimates it's a Festivus there's
pauline and there's christopher they're
going to a secret meeting of all the
secret things and secret I don't even
know where they're going and making
things out or having a meeting with my
agents and somebody who could possibly
help make something fun and I said oh
sounds pretty secretive to me there's
never noticed it on my cat umbrella oh
that's cute you're gonna need that today
you look cute thank you welcome
they left I'm all alone in the apartment
Josh's in his room but the doors closed
so I feel a little bit awkward I'm alone
in Colin's apartment until Josh comes
out of that room
look it's my BAE hey good morning good
morning ha stuff I love you
I didn't have to tell you I have to tell
Christopher not to tell Collini I don't
feel for anyone but you you're the only
person worth putting my arm up this high
for that was one of the sweetest things
you do I don't go get me Starbucks okay
um same thing is yesterday oh yeah you
know I like I'm currently driving to
follow because I need to drop off prizes
of Continuing Oxnard Street for one and
a half miles
my phone is talking to me I'm going to
follow to drop off prizes because follow
does a lot of giveaway stuff and so
they're doing giveaways for the Miranda
sings follow and my follow so I have to
drop off prizes because they're
legitimate they just don't send you
random things and say they're from us
them really from us so I'm driving that
right now and then afterwards I'm gonna
do something fun I'm not gonna tell you
about it though because you have to stay
tuned to see what that is
alright I'm back at my sister's to do a
little more work just ran into
Christopher he's leaving sad days but
I'm sure I'll see him again soon so my
sister's but she had to leave because
she's got other stuff to do that girl is
busy off-the-wall she is in her
apartment for like five minutes every
six hours and then leaves again and then
does other things I don't know how she's
I don't even think she sleeps anyway but
I'm doing some more work here and then
it's Friday night so I feel like I
should do something fun but I just don't
know what yet I have the urge to play
Monopoly but to other people that's not
fun only to me I just wrapped a bunch of
presents because I'm Santa Claus
that doesn't look like a lot I need to
go Christmas shopping again you can
never have too many Christmas presents I
bought this thing for Josh but I'm not
going to say what it is but I found it
someone already got it for him and I'm
really pissed because now I just have an
extra one and I have to find someone
else to get it give it to because I
don't have the receipt so I can't return
it
woopsy doopsy so clean just texted me
and she's at UM an engagement party but
it's on it's like 11:00 at night and
she's super tired because she's been up
since 7:00 and she's been doing work all
day so rich Ballinger to the rescue as
always I'm going to pick her up feed her
and tuck her into bed
um so she can wake up early and do more
work alright I just dropped off my
sister I rescued her cuz I'm the best
and my rescue I mean I picked her up cuz
she needed it to sleep so that's the end
of today I hope you enjoyed it tomorrow
guess what I'm going on a winter
wonderland extravaganza with Josh :
Simon teeny me so that's gonna be fun
alright that's it I love you guys bye
see you my cheap booze right
we just get started
