one gonna mommies means these instinct
hey guys I'm started the day off of my
sister's I do a little work here and
then her my mom and I are all going
shopping even II do and I came over and
Colleen did that to me you're welcome
Rock run diamonds on my hair you're
really gorgeous ah he's gonna hate me
for that
I'm having the least most successful
shopping trip ever I haven't bought
anything I'd like I'm a million people
to buy for and I know what I want to get
everyone but freaking seem to buy
anything
he started it on it into Wednesday guys
success I bought Josh things when we
lost my mother don't worry we found her
she's in sneeze candy look Cohen sitting
in a fast-food restaurant
growth this is what growth looks like
people I'm really stressed about it
mom's chill
oh that was pretty
it
that mass of people that's aligned for
Santa Claus no thank you
how about the ball again because I have
to come back without my mom so I can buy
things that they pointed at so that's
fun and also I wasn't the shopping
literally I'm in the shopping you know
so I'm going to do it is so creepy
now that's a big Christmas tree it
started raining outside so I'm trying to
cut through Bloomingdale's I have no
clue where I'm going see a Louis Vuitton
that's not mad the mall listen you can't
wear shorts with a scarf and a hoodie
that does not go with that it shouldn't
be a manikandan what's happening alright
that's it for this vlog I'm closing it
out I'm gonna edit this and then go to
sleep and tomorrow I'm waking up early
working for my sister and then I think
I'm gonna go shooting with my cousin
which could be a lot of fun and
dangerous anyway that's it for today I
hope you enjoyed it see you tomorrow
love you guys bye
listen up y'all cuz this is the
