locked this day out 11/12/12 Lord day 12
I think
I'm currently cleaning my entire
apartment because it is disgustingly
filthy by disgustingly filthy I mean
there's a couple things out of place but
yeah so I'm going to clean this whole
place and then probably my body because
it's gross and I'm at shower today
and that's the end of that I think I
have to go to Costco today on some
errands eat some food
your basic life stuff nothing exciting
today like Vegas or a lake or show but
I'm still making a lot of fun bring a
jacket into Costco cuz it's always
freezing there it's hot outside but it's
coal in there and I don't like being
cold also I'm in a bad mood because
there are a million and two people at
Costco right now on a Monday at 2:00
p.m. what are you doing here people
don't you have jobs don't you have
school what is this people unemployment
Obama time for lunch
know what this is what is this ah I'm
getting extremely annoyed how many
people are in Costco right now I come on
a Monday for a reason
I just left Costco it's actually a
terrible shopping experience I'm really
upset way too full people were super
slow and annoying one lady just like
wouldn't move out of an aisle and no one
could get in or out because she was
waiting for a sample and my chick just
moved a cart it's not that big a deal
anyway
I got food though so that's good is that
you pay Tetris as an adult kids we were
taught to play Tetris it was just
teaching us how to pack our stuff we
were told later in life okay all right
it's time to workout while I watch the
Celtics beat just as bad as the Lakers
my camera really doesn't like to show
you what's on my TV screen Punk oh oh
that was a bad shot then finish my
workout but then my feet got really cold
after my shower so I put these really
cool
slippers on that we got Etta as a
president of Miranda show ones I think
they're spiffy
also um I decided to pick up Colleen
tonight at 4:50 a.m. so yeah we're gonna
do that together
Adam yep it's the other day but I
totally forgot you my advent calendar
for the day so let's find number eight
lag Abbas what in the world it's just
pieces I don't even get to build
anything I just have to put them on the
table this was a lame one can we just
talk about how my nephew has the exact
same advent calendar as me and he's a
child I am a child all right it's like
midnight I'm gonna go to bed and then
I'm gonna wake up and we're gonna go
pick up kollene at the airport I'm gonna
wake up before I am take her but 4:50
let's do it guys bring this together
except when you're watching this is
probably like afternoon or night and
it's not 4:00 a.m. for you
all right it's 4:30 a.m. and I am drivin
to the airport there are no cars on the
street of 4:30 a.m. there is one man
with a beer in his hand walk across the
street that's about it
oh why I choose to do this I miss my
sister that's why alright let's go guys
Thank You iris mom's pants they're my
bath obviously have matching pajamas too
mom duh my other love Ernie's gonna home
I'm ending this vlog and then in a
second I'll start tomorrow
bye guys the American dream I'm the
deputy
