I don't think I've ever looked uglier
bottom-5 mrs. de eleven it's Sunday
morning therefore obviously watching
football great focusing camera you're
worth the money so great news
sorry if you can't hear me over that but
that's more important than this I got
this for only five dollars which gives
me like five lattes and one long take us
five bucks so I'm pretty much a genius
on saving money not really because I
could just not drink lattes and I would
save more money but since I do drink
lattes this one thing gives me all of
the things I don't even know what I'm
saying I don't know I need to drink this
and then the day can start alright great
fantastic news I'm going to the Laker
game tonight q my father being extremely
jealous so you guys might not care about
sports but I love sports and I'm going
to like a game tonight I've been to one
before and I'm super stoked to go to
tonight's just randomly decided this
morning that I'm going let's do this I
may just catch the game super early
because I'm super stoked and I will
watch the warmup and I got my full gear
on I got my Lakers hat and I got my
lucky shirt and I wore purple bands and
supporting Lakers and I'm super excited
it's so pretty it's Christmas
strike a pose
try to get the side missile she can get
all
fans
to the beach halftime score is not
looking good I don't know if we're gonna
win this one pelicans
I'm the definition of white-trash moment
back I can't calm it sadeghi officially
sucked it was like it actually hurt to
watch I remember the summer between
senior year of high school and freshman
year of college
the Lakers were best in the world they
won the championships they beat the
Celtics it was the best just watching it
was the most amazing thing in the world
2009 they were so freaking good now 2014
they can't beat the pelicans they can't
even score over 100 points they couldn't
make shots
they couldn't I have so much footage of
them missing like how does that I just
didn't calm down a bit I just need to
calm down about it I'm gonna bet this is
that was just out it hurt it hurt to
watch I hope that they don't suck
they're gonna suck they'll suck next
year and it'll be really good the year
after that that's my prediction I'm sad
I need to go to bed I love you guys
thanks for watching
