I'm sitting here editing my videos
multiple because it's Tuesday so I
posted my main channel as well and I'm
just excited for the day I have a huge
list of work things you need to get done
but they're all gonna take a little bit
of time not a lot and then gonna go hang
out with my buddy Michael and we're
gonna go have fun but the main reason
hanging out with Michael is because he's
got this dog named bear and I'm obsessed
with this dog it's the cutest dog in the
world and I will show you this dog when
I get to it right now I'm driving to my
friend Michaels house and it's raining
outside I love the rain oh we're gonna
play in the rain play with his puppy and
then go to a movie let's do it all right
so I got two Michaels and he said that
he might not be here yet so to text him
when I arrived and I texted him but it's
not going through it's like not saying
that it got delivered so I'm gonna go
try and knock on his door but it's
raining so I don't want to be stuck out
on the rain if he's not there guys we're
just gonna go and adventure and find
Michael and bear more importantly bear
let's do this Michael finally texted me
he's not home so I'm just hanging out in
the rain without him I would do a rain
dance
I don't want to get soaking wet season
my only clothes you're like a little
orphan boy still possibly a hair bear I
heard the dog
mr. better put on know my shoes are all
wet do it Michael
notice again there's dog barking at me I
see you dog Michael showed up but his
car smoking so he's got his thinking
hand on his head I think it's done
smoking I mean I just look at the brakes
oh it's still smoking maybe your cars
was really hot open the hood let's see
if it explodes how do you know the
brakes are on this side there's bricks
on all so well then how do you know it's
the brakes if it's like one side don't
burn yourself
it's it are you kidding me do I need to
pop your hood for you there's a latch
click the latch and open it oh my god
hold my umbrella looks like an engine
guys don't see much wrong with it kind
of come a little bit I think it's just
steam Michael's here which means it's
time to play with bear bear
that's my crotch yes be excited yeah
this is the least exciting you've ever
been to all right I'm off a run this
morning she's so tired out so cute me
Michael does figure out that soups are
really fun word to say soup
sous-sous we're not high I promise I
just got home from hanging out with
Michael and I went on Twitter and I saw
that I hit a hundred thousand
subscribers in my vlog channel you guys
are awesome thank you so much that's
amazing you guys knew before I did you
guys are way cooler than me thank you
guys so much for subscribing I hope I
keep you entertained and I keep you all
here you guys are awesome thank you so
much Sun at night I'm watching
basketball and working on my computer
and I really want some coffee so I'm
gonna have some coffee I'm probably to
get really hyper because it's not at
night and I'm drinking coffee don't
judge me for my weaknesses guys I want
to show you something really cool all
right my friend got me this mug for my
birthday I'll show it to you so right
now there's no sharks everyone's just
hanging out in the water now let me add
hot water sharks appear when you add hot
stuff to it my hot stuff happened to be
coffee I just got so excited cuz I
remembered that last year my mom got me
one of these advent calendars with Legos
but she gave it to me on Christmas so I
couldn't use it but I'm so excited
because I get to use it right now and
I'm super excited in it because it's the
second there's more okay hey put this
camera down so I can get into it I found
a knife still struggling okay
my mom's gonna watch this she's gonna
freak out that I'm cutting something
with one hand so one moment please
okay I opened it and I found this don't
quite know what to do now
I'm gonna figure it out though hold on
okay there's numbers Oh day one wait is
it counting down or is it like December
first
so like should I do 24 or should I do
number one I need help
anyway this directions wait I can't
remember if a viewer sent me this or my
mom did if you are a viewer and you sent
me this please comment below if you are
my mother and you gave me this call me
wait I still can't figure out if I'm
supposed to do number one or 24 first
good oh good ages 5 to 12 I'm 23 and I
can't figure out how to use it ok I'm
gonna do number one first I think I'm
supposed to do daily oh my gosh I see
you like okay look at I got a cop do
one got a cop oh it's meant for me oh
and there's instructions wait
it's December 2nd oh it's like a puzzle
now honey
I got a what is that I would note that
whatever whatever I'm excited I'm gonna
build these look it I made a little Lego
thing
all my beautiful Legos are here and then
my advent calendar here I'm so excited
alright that's the end of today's vlog
hope you guys liked it but yeah
subscribe to see my vlogmas my vlogs my
daily life alright bye guys love you
