welcome it's day two of dogmas yes I am
leaving my house without makeup on every
girl just had a heart attack for me I am
going to Starbucks because I ran out of
creamer at my house so instead of buying
creamer I'm just gonna buy Starbucks I
feel like that's a great short-term
solution right let's go
so beautiful
so I decided that I was bored and now I
want to face the Black Friday crowds
let's do this
think about vlogging shopping is that
when I shop I get people Christmas
presents and I can't show you guys what
I got them because I hope that they
watched my videos I think they're my
family
anyway that's my dilemma there's no
pathos so far I've bought two things one
was the thing for my brother and one was
fully priced jeans for me it's a Black
Friday didn't even go for the sales I
just really needed jeans continuing
shopping now Santa Claus
in every time it rains it rains pandas
room heaven she'll be too big
don't you know each cloud contains man
is from heaven pillows you can buy them
here guys come to the small and buy the
bamboo pillows I was telling you about
on my other channel guys guys just some
guess what I just bought myself a laptop
- been giving me so much trouble just it
took seven full minutes to open iMovie
today so I bought a laptop and I'm gonna
put a final cut on it and you guys are
gonna have better videos because I'm
gonna be happier with editing this
editing you'll get more stuff so this
was for you that was for me
okay so I got home and I'm going to open
up my computer this is a very exciting
moment
I'm off-the-wall aesthetic if you can't
tell
look I have Final Cut Pro I'm no longer
using iMovie this is the best moment of
my life all right that's it for today's
vlog remember to subscribe thanks guys
bye he's a little bit of
