soon as I get out of this bed we're
gonna film some videos and then we're
gonna go to Santa Barbara and celebrate
Colleen's birthday which is tomorrow but
she's gonna be in Arizona with me so
we're going to Santa Barbara and
celebrating it with family so I was just
filming a Rachel's room and one of the
questions was can you do a bridge and so
I did a backbend
so I was like is this the same thing
fully throughout my back
it hurt so bad here's some footage I
hurt my back oh that was so painful ah
ah
seizing oh my god I'm all I'm dead it
like it hurts to move anything
I'm just cuddling my monkey and
hopefully oh my face all right let's go
do things uh pain look at our there's
Google Bing it's tracking with me it's
gonna be by now found Joshua there he is
just got home and my keys are stuck on
my pants
get off wait they're stuck how in the
world of this happen I shoulda said he
could kiss me and it wouldn't make me
sick
hi mom
I was I was about to prove that I wasn't
sick by kissing your daughters if you
don't mind falling so hard so hard that
one yes I do I do want one so bad what
presents for days hey buddy hey you've
lost your mind what no we're not good we
I did we're not even doing this anymore
what oh don't say like that play it
again you want when you talk like that
you hey buddy
right you gonna go down the slide
no no you stay up there
you were not every spark my dad did I
thought afar oh I figured you told us
never would never come true all right I
just got home I'm gonna go to bed I had
a lot of fun with my family celebrating
my sister's birthday but mrs. birthday's
actually tomorrow that was fun tomorrow
it's gonna be more fun cuz her actual
birthday so I swear I'll spoil her
rotten I retained her in if you can't
tell he she liked it so I have a lisp
alright yeah I'm that cool I still
remember a retainer but I cannot speak
with it it I'm going to bed I'm tired
thanks guys for watching
