guess where we're going I just pick
something off my head that wasn't killed
I spent most of the morning editing cuz
I was at the vet told 3 a.m. last night
I went to bed at 3 a.m. I was the vet
books tonight
oh so you get to edit so I edited this
morning and now we're running errands
and things that cutest at Home Depot
also I look like a 12 year old hello
welcome today did I even start the vlog
today I don't even think I started I
think I just started at Home Depot such
room no I did start it cuz I said I was
tired because I did things out of it I'm
very out of it but I it's 5 p.m. I have
to post an idiot to me vlog oh my god I
didn't freaking promote my video for
today
I'm the worst okay I need to do a lot of
things and then I have a basketball game
at 9 so I'm leaving here at 8:00 so I
have three hours just to get everything
done ready okay alright I'm about to go
to my basketball team I that was my last
basketball game but I forgot that we
have a makeup game in two weeks because
one of our games got canceled cuz the
hoop got stuck at kid height so I
thought ask me what was supposed to be
my last game but it's actually not you
don't care I wanted out he did unluckily
but before I leave I thought I'd take
this shot for my sister sometimes with
these shoes you're allowed to wear socks
with them they are a sandal and which
you wear socks with just thought I'd put
it out there so my games are usually
like seven or eight and it usually takes
about an hour to get to any of the
courts but my game is at nine today
and I left an hour early and it only
took me a half hour to get here so I'm
here a half hour rolling my team's not
gonna be here I was like five minutes
before the game so it's not even like I
could night strategize talk to them so
I'm just gonna go watch whatever game
was happening before my game okay bye we
won we beat the undefeated yeah I made
no points we had a lot of subs today a
lot of people in the bench which makes
life easier because we don't get as
tired but I'm not in as much to luckily
do things so I actually didn't do much
this game which I'm okay with but we
want on the other team I never really
liked playing them because we've played
this is our second time playing so we
might have to play a third time if we
both win our next games because then
we'll be tied and I think we have to
have a tie off basically but they're
very they don't realize it's a rec
league and there's one person on their
team who is like guys calm down and like
I'd help every time she's end up on the
fort help rupture thank you thank you
and you could tell she feels really bad
about everyone else being very
aggressive and just it's a game and it's
not our careers and we're making no
money doing this and there's no reason
to be super aggressive about it but yeah
I like when it's fun and they they don't
like to kind of take the fun away I
still had fun today because my team was
we we demanded fun for my ourselves come
on I gotta be a little illegal real
quick
but anyway we won I'm happy I'm gonna go
home take a shower and cuddle my dog
that's it that's
the whole kit and caboodle what does
that even mean what is a kitten caboodle
