cool uns and ones you know what that
means
it's just another day sorry pudding and
stop filming me God we're in Brighton
and we're in the hotel room and Tina is
straightening Colleen's hair we need to
leave for the theater in four minutes
and then we're gonna do the show and the
things and the wings of the things
so we're backstage right now Damien's
here hey Colleen is here and I'd hope so
I'd freak out if she was usually when
I've logged the shows I show the Miranda
part today I'm going to show you what I
do during the shows
look what I got it's a prop from the
show it was close to the end of the
stage so I had to grab it when I left
because I didn't want a kid to steal it
because you guys are punks
and you always steal our props and it's
not cool and I hate it now walking to
the meet and greet Scott family you know
you like it
you love the camera all right on the
reals I didn't vlog anything else after
the show because I got super homesick I
just I just got all sad and I wanted to
do nothing but be home I know that
sounds super lame because I'm traveling
and I'm touring the UK but I've been
away from home for like 12 days and I'm
not going home for another 8 it's the
middle it's the middle works kind of
hits you and you just have a lump
there's always just one day where you're
super down and that was my yesterday
today it's gonna be a lot more fun cuz
you know what I had my moment I have my
pity party and I'm in the freakin I'm a
freaking touring the UK and I'm gonna be
excited just sometimes it's hard being
in a different bed every night that in
the least sexual effort but today is a
new day and it's going to be fantastic
because I say so I put on my onesie I
put on my B and I'm ready to take on the
day I gave Lee this hat to wear and he
refused what no I said he wouldn't wear
it
I walked up with it and he goes not
wearing that away put on the hand
I've got following him if he's resistant
stop that's scary
throw tell earner that doesn't work and
teeny an hour bored so we're gonna go
explore because we're in this cool
countryside place so get ready get ready
tuna look at that's my butt Oh
oh yeah like a bell welcome shrug teeny
don't touch the art it's a bell it looks
like artistic things
its historic or maybe yo art see put the
word in there kinda wishing well
oh I touched it alright Snow White these
aren't that cool stop wishing about
Wells you weirdo I just wanna be okay
okay be okay
I just wanna be kidding I just wanna be
okay
yeah just what are you doing
weeping in a car there's really a
probably half of our trip and the other
half were either sleeping or in the
theater so I'm enjoying the outdoors and
using my legs clean put Lee's face on a
leprechaun and posted it on the Internet
I'm never putting that on top you're
telling the entire world that I'm a
leprechaun I'm not I'm from Northern
Ireland they're from southern island two
different countries
then I didn't exist guys give him such a
hard time about being a leprechaun he
just won't admit that he is
