all right today is a our third show our
schedule is the same every day we wake
up at 10:00 leave by 11:00 drive to our
next hotel hang out there for like a
minute go to the theater do the show do
the meet and greet get in the van get
back though tell sleep do it all over
today I think we're going to Bath which
I heard is gorgeous so I'm kind of
excited for that and then tomorrow we
actually get a day off so we're gonna go
back to London and do stuff and see a
show so I'm excited for that
this dude is that Colleen's wedding her
Wednesday again hi everyone
we're in bath and it's so pretty right
now it's gorgeous they are
I feel very historic we're backstage of
the show and Khalid noticed something
while she was on Twitter and we'll let
her explain it so I like to go through
the tweets before the shows and see if
like if anyone's there and see if
they're excited whatever the people in
the UK so far have been very very polite
whereas most of my shows kids will like
attack me at the meet and greet for hugs
these kids will come up and be like haha
like yes that's why you're here to have
a picture even on Twitter I've noticed
it because normally I go through tweets
before the shows and they're like it's
like not even English it's just a bunch
of letters and numbers tonight it's like
we've been sat in our seats not sitting
here at the Miranda Show waiting for
Miranda period excited period
they're very reserved like I imagine I'm
gonna go on stage you know it's gonna be
like this I want to go clapped ahead
what am I gonna say to no good oh hey
daffodil yeah your face vagina oh look
at you peace I mean we walk you back
station
ask you to do a little jig and you did a
riding in my bathroom because I give you
people next to me having sex and I felt
very uncomfortable I'm sure they're very
nice people and they're doing a very
normal thing but I don't want to listen
to them own it's a new day and it's
raining and my phone's gonna get wet but
I'm sheltering it we're gonna go get T
or in bath still right T so Tina told us
to dress nicely that's what Colleen wore
this shirt has Sparkle minute wait I'm
trying to show you if you look closely
in the light there's a sparkle in it so
it's fancy oh I caught that
now that we've acted like a pleat idiots
at tea we're going to go check out that
Crescent we're going to go look at us we
only have like 45 minutes left before we
need to leave and this is my bay
it's really pretty and you're really
close to my face I don't like it we
finally met up with Lee he didn't want
to come to tea with us cuz he was too
cool you say seeing those braces yeah
now we're gonna drive to London
leprechaun spotted a rainbow
this is all that he hates us so much to
sort of the Irish in peace
and never let that device to American
joke second
we're very stupid Americans
I know you are shocked oh fuck their
sales but holy shit look at this look at
Lisa I don't know please take a photo
for me someone we're doing it we're
doing it it's happening it's happening
smile
oh there's sweat than we needed that so
much where's the Queen she's honestly
not on it
here's the palace fucking impalas wow we
did it we're out of circus Pauline and
Cristina have been watching American
Horror Story all day and which there's a
clown and we're here to see our friend
puddles the clown so they might have
nightmares tonight or just scream during
the show either way it's going to be fun
jeez so we went to a circus and we
weren't allowed to film but I did sneak
this footage so there's that
by travelpod
and then afterwards our friend Sam took
us to Gordon Ramsay's restaurant seis
what is called save save away so boy
let's not call Savoy Savoy Grill I knew
there was another word that's what I was
saying anyway how'd you guys like the
circus I saw too many vaginas yeah there
was a naked woman which was very sharp
shocking be very sharp gaze yes
uh I didn't film that part I saw vaginas
and titties tonight yeah so stop moving
I'm really annoyed because not annoyed I
am annoyed the other night when we were
finished with a meet-and-greet we came
up to me and goes mushy I was like what
he said this year and I was like that's
- what did you say not you domicile
perfectly fuck it's a sentence
these are idiots yeah because does she
done and I was like that's you've done
what what does that mean he's like it
sorry like it means like are you done I
was like no you said that's you that's
you does not mean are you done and he
thinks it does it does your Flemish Jim
in American why don't you see that she
did this oh my god laughter come abuse
this crap you just admitted to being a
leprechaun
no I said you abuse me for big
leprechaun
