okay so it's officially day 1 of the
actual tour so we are about to get
picked up by the people that pick us up
and then we're going to go to some place
I think it's Wolverhampton yeah let's go
they're getting lunch namely we stopped
because tini and I are super carsick
what I'm vlogging this is Lee he's a
leprechaun we made it to our hotel it
was only two and a half hours of driving
so that's great and I just tried to put
my black pants on I'm pretty sure I got
Coleen's pants instead of mine because I
couldn't fit them over my butt and that
girl has a size zero waste or whatever
it is and I'm not that small not in a
bad way I'm just taller so I have a
bigger frame anyway so I'm really hoping
she has my pants because if she does
then great if she doesn't that I lost my
favorite pair of pants I mean it's the
belt situation all over again at least I
smell good guys I broke my computer well
just made it worse five years it had a
good run but uh I'm very sad at the
moment we were striving in the car and
it was sitting next to me on the seat
next to me we took a sharp turn and it
just flew and hit the door and then fell
onto the ground oh this is the worst
I have like six pre-made edited videos
on it just ready for me to upload them
and but teeny and kollene figured out
and they're gonna go they sent someone
to get me a hard drive but I'm just so
sad at the moment I didn't even have a
name for her she was just my laptop I'll
name the next one I'll name it good :
teeny has been making Harry Potter
glasses I think that they're wonderful
cooing how do you like your glasses
they're really
they look like I'm about to go fly a
plane
over here what are you doing welcome but
I don't like your wizardry I won't brain
for ya the show ended we didn't meet
greet and now we're back at the hotel
and we are going to go through all the
presents that you gave Colleen and me
and teenies wearing a onesie oh hey
there's one for you got a onesie tonight
you want it oh good for you princess
they didn't vlog a lot today so I'm
gonna combine it with tomorrow's blog
which is tomorrow so I'm gonna sleep now
wake up I can't snap I left in now wake
up
one thing I love about the UK's are like
you're having your morning coffee great
I know you want some cookies with it yes
yes I do want some cookies with it thank
you
we were just take a moment and talk
about this shower there are three
different places for the water to come
out this one this one and those and
there's a radio and there's a mirror
hello need that many spouts so tower
staying at for one night was amazing and
I don't want to have to check out but
that's the life on the road you only get
to be a places for like less than 24
hours Hey oh look how cute I am we're
getting food and cooling sleeping in the
car she's using my jacket as a pillow so
so I have a little thin jack but I'm the
greatest sister ever listen we're gonna
be late for the theater but it's cuz
we're watching Duggar we think what is
it Thank You coping county
getting engaged stings y'all this is
huge then I love it
hey clean actually you want to know
what's happening up here hey Jeff
we're almost did the theater relate but
we had to watch there's 19 Kids and
Counting answers Christmas trees and
Lea's lost we just finished our show in
Southend - by the - see - what is it
sound the Nazis southend-on-sea there's
a lot of hyphens in there but we just
finished a show there and now we're
eating pasta because I like it
teenies eating your first tea cake we're
watching Josh's vlog that's what you
hear in the background but more
importantly Cheney is eating a tree and
dying in the corner yeah that was our
dinner I'm eating cookies and really
pretty I understood a video for quillion
channel so that's why I look like a
clown naturally are you having another
tini we all love to gaze my existence on
earth not your husband or your child and
your girlfriend sorry if you're hoarding
them can we talk about how tiny this
tic-tac boxes I'm obsessed with it a
mini box but all the big smells keep
judging me so much in the corner you
don't judge between my little box that's
really cute - but that's the end of this
vlog see you guys later
