good morning all caline's give me a
haircut and I make my woman bring me my
coffee in the morning roll guess where
we're going what dinosaurs teeny
was right Killeen has come here three
years in a row and the dinosaurs have
been on holiday every single year man
and so finally she gets to see them I
don't think they're on holiday today
we're about to enter the dinosaur
section I think teenies more excited
than Colleen
we were only in the museum for like a
moment because Colleen is too busy
talking to Aaron and James to actually
look at dinosaurs I was so excited to
see my friend
I know so she didn't look at any
dinosaurs but now we're gonna go
shopping so I decided that since we
didn't see a lot of dinosaurs I'm gonna
make teeny act like a dinosaur the rest
of the day
Wow Wow without the me we are now
getting Indian food and I don't know how
to order so I make everyone order for me
I have no clue how to eat this is Damian
he was in my other vlogs James he was my
other vlogs fainted that's Aaron down
there a relation hi I'm teeny whoa
there's half my face there
that's cross walls were a small hill
scrub off Aaron and do a lady primer
sharp chopping and I buy clothes more
here than I do in the entire year
combined in the u.s. I'm bad because
it's how our expensive here for me to
shop here and so I shouldn't be but for
some reason obsessed with the clothes
here maybe it's just because I
atm√≥sfera November fish and they have
Christmas yeah everything is Christmas
related well whatever America you just
need to get on it and I buy your clothes
get on that America the entire nation
I just bought so much stuff I didn't
need and I'm not sad about it I'm very
happy Christmas yeah for myself
teeny dressed old cooling that she can
teach her how to queef so I'm waiting
for it
we got home from shopping and yes we all
did get matching onesies and teenies
just in the corner doing yoga queefs
khalid and i are editing i am so shocked
by your body
