good morning good Maudie it's great to
stay up late
good morning good morning to you okay go
right the girl sings it okay doesn't he
say what try that
oh he tasty what yeah this is a mess
after that we're going to a dinosaur
museum in Chicago it's it's a regular
Museum but it's all we only dinosaurs
there's a dinosaur let's go I've seen it
all I can leave that's the cheap to her
and who leans in to wring the dinosaur
gallery it's like Christmas morning
we have decided the colors that these
dinosaurs that's what I'm saying idea
what color their skin was no obviously
we can assume that because of like where
they lived
kind of like camouflaged like what if
they were neon pink that's what I'm
saying
we have the purple of pink stripes yep
because in a million years no one will
ever know that a zebra had those stripes
no no the cheetah had the spots yes I
know I 110 horse was hot pink I would
love it more
I'm just saying one thing's for sure
though we shouldn't climb look at that
the thing is massive I could take it
good stance good you're gonna get them
real good this this is so creepy
I think that's an actual human being in
there wait I can see your eyes water
interesting link thought if it moved
I'd start screaming
I need to walk away from it we are
leaving the museum because we're all
very hungry and so we're getting a
little grumpy get the camera out of my
face
we're about to go see the bean I almost
walked into that ladies let's go see the
bean it's very cold but I still have to
get crazy ain't nothing but a Jeep bang
bang bang look it's very shiny
now what let's go look at ourselves in
it I think that's what you're supposed
to do
oh there's ice oh hey Rachel this is bus
we're gonna go there for it he's gonna
go home I'm gonna go to the UK true
story I only speak the truth we have all
separated
I'm with Colleen and the boys are at
their gate back to LA and we are going
to London about to get on an eight-hour
flight and I'm dressed like a total slob
but I'm more comfortable than everyone
in this Airport
so we're in Ireland at the airport for
our layover and it is probably 20
degrees in this Airport I had to buy $50
sweatpants just to stay warm they're
really comfortable but I had to pay $50
for sweatpants most airports we go to we
get hot in and I appreciate that
this is unbearable okay where we've made
it to our flat in London and charging my
phone and so thing popped out look
there's TVs but that's mine
teenee put a scarf on me those mustaches
on it so I allowed it for those of you
who don't know this is teeny she's my
bag I found Oliver's Christmas presents
for this year I want all of them their
spy gear this is what I would get Rachel
every year in choosing it for Christmas
night goggles they're just glasses that
are tinted blue oh here's my door along
and now Christmas Christmas time to
celebrate Christmas
