good morning it is the day after
Halloween and we have to drive to
Chicago because Killeen has a show there
tonight and so we're just gonna do that
last night was a lot of fun but it's
time to do more work today I'm excited
though we're driving to the juliet near
Chicago how much fun in the car
Chris ridden like that he was on his
phone during that shot we made it - I'm
always so jealous jealous of people that
can speak correctly but of guys who can
rub their eyes and don't have to worry
about makeup or contacts and I'm just
jealous when Josh does that like baby I
roll thing I just want to do it so bad
we're getting deep-dish pizza cuz we're
next to Chicago where are we with all
these bloomin Ollie's I don't I mean
it's like that because the pizzas that
guy I've been doing tech forever and I
just know finally got food you're hungry
is this our lunch what time is it 5:15
it's 4:15 I'm hungry I just realized
that Colleen is performing for a 2,000
seat audience and that's the largest I
guys that she's ever performed before so
this is a big deal you can see that
she's very stressed out about the whole
thing
so just ended you know the creepiest
thing on earth this there is a painting
of a man on the wall and every time I
walk up the stairs I think that there's
a person there and I freaked out a
little bit just a painting we just
finished the show and there's kids
staring at me while I film this so if
you guys see this video hi I saw you
outside we're trying to get food after
the show but because it's so late
everything's closed and right a place
and it's the kitchens closed but
Christopher sees something he really
wants to fight someone get this man a
quarter I think it needs to someone get
this man to quarters he dressed put in
money and now he's gonna play it you're
a child and I supported an awesome child
boom you hit it
are you kidding magic fan
all right now give me the ball back oh
come on Jack so I didn't vlog much today
I was gonna vlog after the show a lot
and do something really fun for you guys
but I have a terrible stomach ache I
just pooped liquid out of my anus and I
feel like crap everyone's in Colleen's
room drinking wine and laughing and
having a good time I'm in my room just
dying thanks guys for watching and I
promise tomorrow's vlog will be better
yesterday's vlog was pretty good you
should watch that too but somewhere else
would be really great
I don't know why I'm pointing like this
just not show you time it's just OC
direction I need to go to sleep or poop
out some more I don't know we're done
