yeah that's Halloween and except it's
not anymore for you because I post the
day after the day all right so we're all
meeting in the lobby and we are going to
get something so that Ryan can plug into
the sound equipment so that when he
videotapes the show videotapes Wow is
this the 90s when he recourse so he can
use use their audio and so it's not crap
audio but I think I'm the first one out
here the struggles of being perfect
uh-huh
you should get a drum set over here I
should that's I should get a drum set I
mean that's a hell of gurage yes like
the most logical things do would be to
buy a drum set in Indiana and take it
back to California with us that's great
it's good thinking I just want to touch
everything touch touched it
this is a 35 zone I am going 15 because
this chick don't know how to drive a car
if it can't do this speed limit don't
put it on the road you're worse than a
bicycle
kollene super excited about her idea of
candy I'm so excited got bucket so we're
going to pick out a few buckets and
we're gonna dress it with mass yeah
we're gonna throw these out into the
back of the audience I think it's genius
we're the Santa Claus of Halloween
another Guinness for holding a headless
bacon he made pity tunes
I'm candy angel now everyone gets candy
now you know that my Bloods been on your
candy and they love it even more now
yes it works so great look at your
little wings terrifying face
alright go alright I'm going to give you
both of them this time I give you the
mom and the dad both in the same okay
just like this and one of them is going
to jump over here which one do you want
the mom or the dad the dad it does
really matter if it was the same okay
here we go ready one two three keep your
hand closed you feel that huh no I think
the dad likes it in there quickly slowly
real I love I'm Christopher freaks
people out I'm in the Miranda outfit and
and I don't beat you no one's doing her
normal warmups
but I'm not putting on the lipstick yet
I'm gonna put this mask on so we go give
the kids candy and they not know it's us
the candy
passing out extravaganza went perfectly
except near the end they started
discovering who we were as way to leave
and now we're just waiting for this from
start
ah
I turned into Miranda
kollene was currently freaking out let's
tune in rot why you're crying white
because what do you mean that's a cutest
picture ever seen in my life
he is a cutie bug oh my god I'm dead I'm
a ninja
everyone's here and we're gonna drink a
little bit and decided relax I'm still a
ninja good yes bro my name is Bailey
wait what you are I'm a Fraggle do a
Fraggle walk just walk on yourself baby
two cops just knocked on our door gave
us a noise complaint it's 12:30
we're not partying we're literally just
talking and we got a fish 'l noise
warning if we get one again we get
kicked out of the hotel
it wasn't the hotel didn't call us and
say keep it down literally two police
officers came and knocked on her door
where what they moved Christopher's room
because we were afraid of getting
another noise complaint Josh is trying
let's see this
Josh Josh I need you to do a dance move
in it
okay this glass you flirting my camera
