it's the morning I'm currently sitting
with Colleen's car outside of her
apartment because you're not supposed to
park here from 8:00 to 10:00 and it's
950 so I have to stand here for ten
minutes making sure no one tickets her
while she goes and gets her stuff ready
for the trip this is part of my job guys
standing by a car this embrace that I'm
uglier all right we're at the airport
there's Christopher line five present
you want to be a kid this mission on the
award turn away all by 4/4 under this go
silly movie wow it's like you were
actually saying it but we're not ready
waiting for our flight : Josh you're
getting food with Ryan who's filming
Coleen's extravaganzas so you're gonna
see him his name's Ryan he's cool
be nice to Ryan if you're not then no
you're not Chris was way up there to run
way back here once
I'm one row closer to first class
you think yourself gone we landed in
Chicago that woman just gave me death
eyes
maybe we're just dreaming of all the
things we could eat oh it's cold here so
they're almost done eating but I have to
switch to my contacts because my glasses
are the wrong prescription and I have to
drive three hours
Cindy annapolis cuz we landed Oh Chicago
I'm freezing I'm gonna turn this off now
where Walmart you've been gone this it
don't get all that I am you broad
already out home you vlogging I was
gonna be like look at this beautiful
woman vlogging and then I didn't get to
say it because I don't you just saw that
what did you want to say I'm putting you
up are you guys down to focus on no no
you can lift them up okay I hate this
angle
oh my dance with some bye
really bad cuz all the kids come to my
show are not for the treating they're
coming to my show so I'm gonna make sure
they all get a lot of candy so I'm
buying it
everyone likes skittles nerds I see
nerds Aaron I'm gonna shake it and this
is how Colleen buys candy what she wants
she buys Christopher and I were set on a
mission to get a bucket oh it's
just so huge I can't control this we
don't know we're at Walmart what do you
want to be you think it's too high yeah
no I'm saying like it's seven it's
seven you want to go W no all they
can use yes
Colleen did you get enough candy we'll
find out Colleen stressing it she didn't
get enough candy but she wants every kid
in the audience to have a live in she's
really excited he stepped um - are you
trying to get your shot shot one
condition
that isn't in focus Rachel doesn't know
how to use her camera phone yeah I need
to get a vlog camera my phone ain't
cuttin it after three hours of driving
one stop Cheesecake Factory and one stop
at Walmart we finally made it to our
hotel it's 3:15 a.m. here but it's only
midnight in LA so I'm not that exhausted
and I have some editing to do and I'm
going to sleep I just let my hair out of
its bun that it's been up and all day
and if you ladies know this feels so
good to do after a whole day of your
hair being in that bun
oh it's Halloween for you guys so happy
Halloween it's I guess it's Hollow me
all the time now okay it's 12:15 it's
3:15 happy Halloween tomorrow I am
excited to dress up and do things like a
Miranda show and give out candy we
bought so much candy at Walmart as you
saw I did - just throw that into into
the audience and give it to kids and
it's going to be great tomorrow is going
to be fantastic
today was travel day of bad but tomorrow
is going to be great so subscribe to
keep up to date with this whole shindig
of life that I live why don't we do a
thing where you comment below and tell
me what you want to see more of in the
vlog
and then I'll do that I don't know what
you guys like all right cool
thanks guys we're done
