let's decorate for Christmas do you like
my hair so the list of things to do
today is do some stuff on the internet
that's work-related clean my house cuz
it's gross film some videos because you
guys like those and then decorate my
place for Christmas with my friend
Michael's coming over and we don't do it
together that's the end so let's get
this party poppin look guys look guys
I'm making my own coffee to save money
take that Starbucks I'm just gonna get
Starbucks later so my computer was like
Rachel there's an update and I was like
alright because if I don't update you
now you're gonna frickin keep bugging me
about it and I don't have to use my
computer right now why not update it I
regret my decision immediately this apps
are normal looking photo what is going
on what why are you not why is my
battery life affected what is going on
how do I do it back reverse exits delete
hey hey hey hey brother you know meaning
being antisocial in the corner with your
laptop next to a Christmas tree it's the
end of October it's I'm at Colin's place
because I want to film a collab with my
brother and my sister and I was gonna be
Josh but he's not here so he's out of
the collab so I'm gonna do that and I'm
also making my brother coffee cuz
apparently he only got two and a half
hours of sleep last night that's a life
of children alright I'm back at my place
and my friend Michaels here but he's
peeing right now and we're gonna
decorate for Christmas I've made Michael
come to Target with me to shop
he's like hey mom and dad look what I
did yeah he designs the worst house ever
I wish you guys could feel them because
this is actually sandpaper why is there
still freaking Halloween stuff up
everywhere Halloween's in a couple days
aren't we over it by now hopefully just
like Christmas be here already
they only have outside Christmas stuff
at Target right now I'm upset Michael's
really fun to punch
Michael found a toy for this thing we
now are at the 99-cent store because it
is way better than Target cuz it already
knows that it's Christmas all right
we're back in my place and we're gonna
start decorating for Christmas we're
watching else
and every time it rains it rains and is
river heaven she'll be too big don't you
know each cloud contains manners from
heaven should be to me you'll find your
fortune falling all over town Michael
decided to put a pillow in his onesie
and now he's gonna massive man poop turn
to the side please
sexy alright Michael just left and so
it's almost midnight and I have a lot of
work to get done before I go to the UK
so I need to do it so I'm gonna do that
in this so this is the end of my vlog I
hope you enjoyed it I encourage all of
you to decorate for Christmas as soon as
possible because it just brings your
soul so much happiness for those of you
who are gonna comment and give me crap
for decorating why do you care what day
I take great for Christmas I don't go to
your house and get mad at you for the
day that you decorate shows your face
and I'm happy and that's all I care
about
thanks for watching subscribe to see
vlogs all of the freakin time
