all right so I've just been running all
over today they haven't done my makeup
not gonna today today's makeup last day
I did upload a vlog and I ran the target
and now I'm going to park with this dude
it's about 3:45 in the afternoon that's
how bad I am at picking my vlog camera
today
I just been all over the place I've
taken two showers already day because I
was cleaning I got gross toll thing I'm
into the dark park and then I have to go
over to Colleen's to help my dad was
something and he hasn't put stuff in his
van but he only has one pan because the
other hand he's got that the nails put
out of the screws he broke his finger
anyway
oh yeah later but right now first
priority always is park gue good park
I'm gonna park you'll go play depart
okay let's go I don't think you'll be
able to see it the sunset is
breathtaking
hold on I want
you can't even see it you can't even see
it because my freaking camera is being a
dick but the entire sky is bright orange
and I wish I had my good camera I look
like a mess today but the entire sky is
bright orange I don't have my good
camera with me wrong but sky is gorgeous
I bet I could take picture of my phone
I'll try okay I put my camera on a
different setting this is the sky right
now it's like cotton candy beautifulness
and I'm pissed because I don't have my
camera this is annoying
it looks cool excuse me princess I don't
think you're supposed to be in there hey
I know I'm so mean there you go she is
so much bigger than she was my daddy's
and there's a John and there's a mom I'm
at Colleen's for a second okay
I'm working out and I realized that I
only have one workout love because that
monster you just saw even my other one
today so I'm working out gloveless which
is very not a big deal also very much
English but I just don't like getting
the calluses on my hands even I haven't
blogged much today on this new button
before at the end of the day it's only
9:20 I'm still got day ok it's daylight
savings killing me anyone else cuz my
day ends when the Sun Goes Down like
when the Sun Goes Down am i well I can't
do anything else the days over
and so it's really hard for my brain to
be like oh keep doing things once the
Sun Goes Down that is me ever it's tore
me up
it's thrown me off it takes me a real
long time to get into it
