good morning let's go do life all right
so I have to go exchange our Canadian
money for American money because we
weren't just in Canada and then I have
to go to the bank and then I have to eat
sometime and I also have to film some
videos and run some errands so let's do
that that's my life and we're gonna do
it okay bye
no pictures no pictures please no
pictures no pictures I did it I got my
currency exchange and they took forever
so guess what they gave me as a prize
get out of my pocket little snatch
bubble gum that looks like euros what
how does it even do it
this stupid singing the world just more
trash I could throw away oh and then I
went to the bank and now I'm heading
back to my place because I have to film
like six videos before I go to Europe so
I should probably film a couple today
and then the rest tomorrow but I really
want to go to Target and Costco later
because what else is more fun than that
I know I said I was gonna go home and
film but I decided to go to Target
because they have Starbucks at Target
and so I just really needed Starbucks
and twelve people just judge me for
vlogging by myself so I'm shopping for
lightbulbs and I was like oh look this
is on sale and then I was like I wonder
what the normal price was it's the exact
same price you just think it's on sale
because there's a red tag on it okay so
at Target I got this because it's alight
and I need it I don't understand why
things are built without lights on the
roof anymore and I hate it I want to
light on my roof so I bought a light and
I'm gonna put it on my freaking roof and
I know it's a ceiling a roofs on top
then the student it's the ceiling I also
bought light bulbs that aren't supposed
to be as yellow as this one you can see
that really well but I want to see if
they actually work because I hate this
yellow because it makes me look like I
have jaundice I'm not a baby but like
still yellow you are a waste of money do
you hear me light bulb you are a waste I
did it I hung on like I hung out like
I've done it I didn't the dimmable
double dip
alright now that I've got lighting setup
I need to buy actual like softbox lights
I'm so cheap come on Rachel you can do
it you can buy lights they're just so
expensive
the
no good ones I like mad that I need to
stop complaining I need to fill my
Rachel's room and then hopefully do
something a little more exciting like
Costco all right guys it's dinner time I
think my heart would explode if I drank
all these always my favorite aisle so I
went to Costco for pillows and bed
sheets and towels but they had no good
ones at least I got fed though but I'm
gonna go over to Bed Bath & Beyond which
is way more expensive but they probably
have what I want so I'm gonna go do that
and I should probably stop blogging
while I'm trying to get out of this
parking lot goodbye so I went shopping
to get myself stuff but I ended up only
buying clean stuff because she needed it
honestly I just kept finding things I'd
like and when I could get this for
cheaper online so I just took a picture
of bunch stuff I liked and then I'm just
gonna go online and buy it like 50% off
I mean that's the smartest way to shop
right I met sushi right now with Josh
and we're all starving and it's gotten
to the point where I punched Josh watch
me McCarthy don't take your chopsticks
out of your hand and put them two inches
away because you kept waving over you
I had my chopsticks inside and I was
doing that in my own corner he grabs
them from my hand and slams him on the
table like I have a child like with a
knife Josh isn't the worst movie I've
ever seen him he just got mad at me for
looking Pleasant and for a bathing-suit
I warned six months ago should've warned
that you should've wore that bandage I
guess six months ago and it was a
bathing suit in Hawaii yeah welcome
she wasn't resolved so I'm allowed to
still be mad about it you should be
wearing something like that because
someone doesn't look at that and think I
want to respect turn they look at that
and they want to think other things look
I just got to pull aims to do some work
naturally at 10:00 at night and she has
though it's a little kinky Christmas
please usually light up but I ran out of
battery
oh yeah so every year we're gonna buy a
new house and so by the time we have
like kids mix every year the art village
is gonna get bigger and bigger so we're
excited to like have a whole like table
at our house someday with like an entire
village with different houses and ice
skaters and Santa Claus is our very
first one I like it look at their place
is Christmasy Christmas Christmas and
they got it's not even Halloween I like
your hat yeah oh oh it will of Rachel
well went out of focus
o-5 my camera nah I gotta kill a lot a
lot yeah yeah only one of me
no I like it a lot I'm serious yeah
relationship let us know in the comments
below she like Josh's hat are you all
right guys it's went through the morning
I have you go to bed but I have to edit
this video so this is the end of this
vlog I'll probably vlog tomorrow because
I'm going to decorate my place for
Christmas and I'm gonna vlog after that
because I'm
going to Santa Barbara and then I'll
vlog after that because I'm going to
Indiana and in it in the places so I'm
pretty much can be blogging every day
until mid-november and then I'll give
myself like a three-day break I
subscribe to see vlogs all the freaking
time on my channel Mizar baller yeah I
don't have an outro for these videos yet
I need to come up with one yeah I'll
just figure it out later
