say good morning say good morning blaze
you are so rude what's up it's for
Friday it's morning so 11:30 this
morning today I am going to Santa
Barbara I have a phone call confirming
an appointment anyway I am going to
Santa Barbara today to do a Beauty and
the Beast sing along with Stephanie and
teenie I'm assuming teenies kids are
coming with us or it's just us adult
guys I don't even know anyway that's my
plan for today correcting post a blog
and do some other stuff and then I'm
gonna head to SP you guys are gonna be
so mad at me cuz I'm uploading my blog
right now and I'm not making it a party
if you guys didn't realize that our past
eight vlogs have all had the word party
and then like Dodger party Bailey's
break the party Christmas party it
happened by accident and I can't be
going cuz I was just like whatever but I
decided I wanted to end it cuz it didn't
very well the script what was in the
block why don't the last thing I did was
work out party it's cuz that was most of
the vlog and I worked out at the end of
the vlog but I wasn't a good title I
don't know so I'm just switching it up I
might go back to what if you guys get
super mad at me but I wanted to just
like explain was actually happening in
the vlog cuz this one I leave blaze home
alone
it's the my dad's home alone for the
first time but home alone party sounds
like I'm watching at home alone movies I
don't know so I'm just switching up
don't get mad at me couldn't stay
forever it accidentally started happy it
was Dodger party than Christmas party
that Bailey's birthday party and I was
like okay livestream party then it just
but I wouldn't mean for it to happen so
it wasn't like something I wanted to do
anyway so that's it
the end the party's done guys I mean the
parties will happen again they'll be
more parties but for now the party's
done right now okay we are on our way to
Santa Barbara do you wanna go play at
Jeanne's with Jeanne's dots I'm gonna go
I don't know what do I ask to you it was
that she explained it I think they're
painting so I don't even know what I'm
doing today but we're going and he's
gonna go play at Timmy's
with her dogs and Simon's gonna watch
them tease husband yeah yeah yeah you
know is he didn't get to go to park
today because perfect is in an hour and
I won't be in town and he is the worst
when he doesn't get his park time in so
I didn't wanna leave him with Matt the
dogs a dick when he doesn't get to play
so teenies housed our dogs room to play
on so he'll be fine
but anyway I'm driving knows how to put
this down and I'll talk to you when I'm
there
okay so apparently what this is it's a
painting class and you get a free glass
of wine and then you just sing along to
mediate the beast while you're painting
that's what we're doing it's me
Stephanie and TV American peers are very
excited oh and there's an apron on me
this is what we're painting in your
black
mine looks like an alien
it's under good artists Thanks
the face of concentration I need to make
my smaller like a bowling ball
it's aroused their two TVs and there's
Stephanie's luggage she's so proud of
herself okay we just finish our class
and we have to sit our paintings were
way better than everybody else's
even the instructors it's true also has
a median apiece single on class and they
didn't fit the original soundtrack they
played the what is her name in Milazzo
the news now the news is that her name
TV pay attention listen I'm trying to
tell you an Instagram and you know the
Fitness Instagram is coming up over your
normal one whatever you want
I am losing 100 followers a day no same
oh it's alright whatever
I still love in my life a really fancy
dinner
I doubt you guys can hear us so loud in
here but we just have some pasta and I
need a Starbucks
I'm gonna go pick up my dog and then I'm
gonna drive home that's my day
