I hope hi-ho it's off to work we go and
I tweeted the thing and the thing it's
been tweeted in hi oh hi oh hi oh hi oh
why you don't believe oh hi yes not even
think that's dear this is even working I
have no viewers okay there's ten of you
my dog is staring at me
you can't he's here he was asleep on the
couch and he's mad at me because I came
in here into a livestream and he had to
get off the couch to watch me you don't
have to watch my I shouldn't even go
back to sleep
your eyes are getting had me you're
drifting back to sleep you're staring at
me always have anyway
hi guys it's Saturday I remember to do a
livestream Matt remembered that I needed
to do a livestream so here we are
welcome to Saturdays at Rachel's vlogmas
2017 a day where I live stream so i can
not vlog one day just have a date of me
I kind of have to fart hold on oh it was
silent I was expecting it to be loud it
was silence everybody alright let's go
to hashtag Saturday Oh someone switched
it up on me Saturdays and Rachel's I
like your shirt Thanks it's on the
animals it says I only know what you
teach and then arm the animals unless
look pitiful so it only knows what you
teach it if you teach it hate that's all
it knows if you teach it love that's all
it knows yeah again not sponsored I just
like armed the edibles my nose it just
okay Oh Lucy has arrived hi how are you
I'm good I'm great I'm thinking about
going to hold Depot later after this I
think I'm gonna try and take my dog
don't meet Bo later after this I should
blog that I'm a blog anything today and
it's lovely but I have footage from
yesterday I didn't I painted this
yesterday
I'll show it to you boom buting the
bistros if you didn't know I painted
that yesterday sorry I footage of that
event post tomorrow I start I didn't
have to tell anything bad was quite nice
I think I'll blog my dog at Home Depot
cuz that's funny what's your height I'm
mentally preparing myself for when we
meet one day well Felicia I am 5 foot 10
inches so that's how tall I am but if
I'm wearing shoes I'm a little bit
taller than that because she's make you
taller I'm so broke give me money Hagen
look I don't just hand out to fans okay
she just like I'll pay your bills don't
be a fan of hers when you get your bill
space phantom II maybe every once in a
while you'll get a really old headshot
that's what I do
late night at six-thirty lol yeah in
California but everywhere else it's
later like on the East Coast
it's 9:30 and then everyone else is like
super late / super early I don't I don't
it's late to some people some grandmas
are probably asleep right now my mom
says hi
well falala Lauren tell your mother I
say hello you are freaking artists thank
you daddy listen I go to art I've never
been that one my siblings all of them
can draw and paint they're all
phenomenal when it comes to that kind of
art we all have our own little pockets
of life that were good at they're really
good at that I've always been really bad
at it which is fine I did not care but I
did even realize I was going to an art
class yesterday I thought I was going to
a meeting to be single on show and I
ended up going to a beauty to be single
on painting class I don't know my cousin
invited me and I went but our paintings
us three there was me my cousin
Stephanie my friend teeny house 3 all
suck at painting and ours I have to say
we're like the
best in the class and there were like 30
people in the class so Josiah they were
really bad paintings in the class we had
a lot of fun though where's the
cockroach listen I don't know I don't
want to know two days after that
livestream blaze caught a cockroach in
my other closet and like my my where I
sleep
bedroom is the term I'm looking for
place caught a cockroach in my bedroom
in the closet there and I'm hoping it's
the same one because he killed that one
and I threw it in the toilet and flushed
it so hopefully if that was the same one
it's 10:40 in Perth Australia a purse
I spend a purse in the morning in
afternoon
I don't know I'm guessing in the morning
so it's early morning livestream for you
hello Perth Australia
did you watch season 2 of stranger
things I did Gina I did it was I like
that show I was really scared of it it
still scares me I was really scared of
it though but I'm glad I finally watched
it I currently have a hangover why I
stopped drinking he's heading over this
they just it's your body being like hi
you poisoned me i dead now and my hair
was lasted a long time something the
movies okay listen listen in the movies
they give a wrong interpretation of what
a hangover is they're always like
wearing sunglasses and it's like the Sun
is so bright stop talking No my hangers
were just vomiting rolling around being
super tired and then more vomiting so
those were those are hangovers and all
of my friends that were there hangovers
dude enough maybe we get a headache from
vomiting too much but like I don't know
where Hollywood got the sunglasses don't
talk loud I have a headache hangover
thing no no it's vomit the hangovers are
vomit so if you want to vomit kids
drink some alcohol don't be responsible
that wasn't me telling you to drink
alcohol I'm gonna dry you right now what
picture do you want me to draw Molly I
think my profile picture on facebook
it's not Facebook Twitter is a great one
guys stop hating Facebook so much it
makes you so angry that you guys take
Facebook I love Facebook and I
would love if you guys loved it too I'm
wearing your merch right now it's very
comfortable
Alyssia but my name is actually olivia
is it comfortable is it anywhere you
baseball tee because that was the most
comfortable I mean the cuddly as a
pitbull one is comfortable but they
baseball tees more comfy has anyone
gotten a hat I feel like knowing about
that I haven't I haven't I haven't
publicized half that much I'm really bad
at selling my own merch it's I'm bad at
it I'm really good at showing off our
new animals though I'm like shouting
them out every day now I just really
like it I know Facebook is for old
people true but it has also for it girls
a lot of eight-year-olds on Facebook and
I don't know why any tips for time
lapses yes Ali Miller don't shake the
camera try and keep this camera so
that's my only tip look at the hashtag
guys hmm
worlds of case sister yes Lucy Colleen
gave this to me don't don't you feel the
love it's it's my favorite every time I
make espresso I drink it out of this mug
Malcolm asked what am i drinking I'm
drinking espresso it's a double shot
espresso with a little uh coconut almond
milk so
how do you use Facebook it confuses me
Becky I've been using it since it
existed like started an existing so I
it's easy for me it's weird it doesn't
make any sense and it's literally just
for memes and seeing things ice sorry
get me news then I'm a little person you
don't need to go on Facebook it's my
guys that's my new puppy that puppy is
too tiny to be but you had to have had
that at your house your dog gave birth
to that dog what do you think about the
question mark glitch I think it's so
annoying
oMG Abby they fixed it update your phone
or whatever you're using Apple products
wise they fix it it's kind of funny and
also proves Apple is kind of going
insane they do not have a handle on
things right now but I'm glad they fixed
it I thought it was kind of funny I
serve some great means out of it so I
don't know I found the humor in it that
sounds miss role I'm never doing that
ill Oh what the getting hung over yeah
don't be that Becky it's not fun
hello I just got here what did I miss
Anisha I don't know we haven't really
done anything
I showed my painting talk about art
class you'll see that in the vlog
tomorrow and we talked about getting
hung over and that it sucks and it's
pointless and that's why I don't drink
anymore so I did have a glass of wine
last night though well it was like half
of us and that's not gonna do anything
to me anyway come to Scotland Charlotte
I'm busy I went to a party doesn't mean
you need to drink little shy singing
Cheyenne Cheyenne shouldn't your name is
shin just decided shin little
Cheyenne I think so you say I don't know
how to say her name but it doesn't raise
all time I'm over not unless it goes but
you do you girl if that's what you like
to do that's what you like to do I'm
sick make me feel better
Kelly what that does not work but that's
all I can do right now
what's the three step folding ladder for
lesson don't you look it in my
background
don't you mean look at would you feel
good it's from washing the truck because
the truck is so tall that we can't wash
the top of the truck like direction so
not asked if we could get a ladder so
that you could literally wash the top of
our truck that no one sees except it is
glass because it's all like a group
thing so if it's not washed and you look
up and you're in the car or the truck
people get mad and you call a truck car
I don't care there you can see the spots
and streaks and dirt and stuff so it
does make sense that you to clean the
top of the truck now I can clean the top
of my truck
you finished it oh my god you a poor
choice for everyone finished Becky I'm
talking about what did I finish don't
finish something what are we waiting for
me to finish
I'm so confused thank you what are you
talking about are you excited for
Christmas Rachel yes grace I am it
haven't decorated the worst too busy
trying certain products do life and if
people watch my videos again because
don't watch my videos anymore I've been
stressed I haven't had time to decorate
I need to decorate that's all
I should be studying right now am I
gonna pray for me Lucy you should study
but also this isn't going to be a very
live long live streams I need to go home
depot tonight so in like 20 minutes go
study your heart out right now take a
second relax chew but then study your
heart out dog you're sorry he had like
hives on his chest today karmic dogs a
mess why is my dog the biggest mess in
the entire world I had to give him a
bath and you know mad at me cuz he was
wet and cold it led to sleep some guys
find me asleep but the hides are gone if
plays played a sport what sport do you
think he play well Rachel Witten there's
two sports it would either be football
or basketball before they not just cuz
they're my favorite sports but because
he would be an amazing lineman in
football he could tackle like crazy at
the park he doesn't ever really run he
just cuts off the arms and tackles them
so he'd be that but also he loves
chasing a basketball if you are
dribbling a basketball program he tries
to dribble it too and then eventually
tries to fight it run away with it it's
really cute and I'm but annoying when
you have a fresh basketball a fresh
basketball a new basketball and don't to
pop it but he likes to dribble
my dog is Air Bud do you guys know what
Air Bud is or are you all too tiny for
that I filled I used to I used Facebook
tea with my family I'll email or see
like my cousin just had a baby and I
would not have known unless I was on
Facebook just so you know beautiful baby
girl just so cute hello from Dublin
Ireland Oh hide the Irish cousins
I love Dublin Ireland I've been there
twice three drinks twice today three
times I've lost track the only time I go
on Facebook is to look at my mate my
meet and greet pictures lol I see it
Facebook is great it gives you
meet-and-greet pictures just so you know
are you going to make the awkward
Christmas dance she'll be of course
cleaning I will do an awkward Christmas
song like we always do and I will post
it when it's Christmas I mean I know
it's the 25th of December
don't be annoying I'll probably post at
the 19th or 21st in all honesty yeah one
of those two days most likely day after
Christmas is a Tuesday I got to post a
video the day after Christmas what is
this
fine I'll do it oh I'll just do it like
what I got for Christmas all soap is fun
so it's gonna really lame stuff like I
want to lay this one I want super
expensive things that I'm not going to
get like new camera lenses but also I
want stupid things like chip clips like
clips to put on my bags of chips like
that person I actually asked for stupid
stuff but it's practical and I want it
Rachel I love your theme of all white
right now your shirt your mug your watch
nice I didn't even notice
oh my goodness I'm so Pinterest tumblr
good Instagram let me go I'll post the
days guys I think my Instagram looking
nice I know I hate things but you gonna
have to have a theme on Instagram now I
just realized like my makeup is just
done it's done my face is done for the
day anyway I think it is you here's two
jobs cuz I like to give you guys jobs
you work for me but really I work pretty
out of them or a team guys we're a team
so you're a part of the team project
we're doing a project your part is to
send me like themes or like colors you'd
like my Instagram to be that week or
that month or whatever I don't know how
about I try to post daily or every other
day it's daily too much one Instagram
right clearly do not have any I'm
figured out I'm gonna anything figured
out but like clearly don't know should I
post daily or like every other day or
only when it's super important like so X
up goes Selena Gomez or she only post
like once a month but then I was like
all of the followers on Instagram I
don't know what to do but if you guys
have learned it called a colors team a
theme where they I don't know like the
concept
I can't think of it but something you'd
like to base me to base my Instagram
look awesome
send it to me I know some of you are
dying too because my Instagram is just a
mess I feel like I'm better at my
workout and my dog instagrams than my
own I just clicked on Lily's shins
Sheen's Twitter by accident hello
yes daily is too much of Instagram but
don't never post Lucy 7 okay so I post
every other day good day mate hi Gabby
will you take my finals for me please oh
thanks Anna if you want to get a failing
grade then yes I will yes post everyday
okay are you kidding
should I do a poll on Twitter I have
Twitter figured out I love Twitter
I gots Twitter down it's just all the
other platforms I'm failing make a
christmas-themed that's the only kind of
care about but give me I need I'm a
visual of a visual learner I'm a visual
person so you have to send me what you
want to look because Christmas guys
Christmas there are many different looks
I have a Christmas expert you could go
for like the white Christmas you could
go for like the big slogan just a
Christmas tree alone think of a
Christmas tree you're off they doing
something different some might be
thinking of completely clean so I might
be thinking colors and all of kid
ornaments that everything some might be
thinking just white lights with some
like little garland on it there's so
many different ways to decorate a
Christmas tree and so to have something
Christmas themed that could go so many
different ways do you want me to do a
rustic Christmas would like distressed
white boy like what do you want from me
you got to give me a theme of color and
I can't think of the frickin mortgage
give me something oh my god it's
Pinterest still a thing as well Alexis
no but I love a double booger no okay um
Pinterest is not so a theme but I'd
still love it uh you know I spilled
water over myself and now I'm wet not
comfortable
happens to the best of us I washed my
robe my fluffy white robe because it
started getting cold I was like I wanna
wear my robe so I washed it and I put it
on I grabbed my coffee
i sat down on the couch and I spilled
coffee all over my white fluffy freshly
washed robe and it was very sad I was
very sad about it Oh where's your dog
he's sleeping you can see part of his
this is ear right there in the mirror I
have to block him from seeing the mirror
he whines too much Rachel what post
everyday post every day
no don't post every day just like three
or four times a week this is very
serious
oh man I love you guys hey can i DM you
a vlogmas intro and use it for a one day
yeah sure hey that's the thing we can do
you guys wanna sit vblog gross intros
keep them not super long I'm not gonna
do like a minute intro guys or a
30-second there's got to be like ten or
less or whatever lit Leah Leah who said
that to me I don't know nicely or lay
out no your say your name but yeah
Simeon chose to be one that'd be fun I
don't put your little Twitter and handle
names like who wrote it or did it or
composed it whatever it is on the bottom
I'm gonna do it every day but I think me
from dinner as well I think it's cute
thankfully that corner right she used to
have people do sacred song that is a
blast from the past
how's the weather or not LA it's nice
it's like the high of 70 during the day
which is quite nice because you can do
whatever not cold and hot and then it
gets cold at night which is fine because
then you're in your house and you're an
ER blanket so quite lovely
what does that everyone voted for oh
yeah I forgot
are we doing that or what are we looking
for we're voting for how often I should
post on Instagram should it be every day
or every other day and you guys need to
send me a sample theme of what my
Instagram should look like should it be
like faded light colors should it be a
color you should be based on colors or
how I edit the picture or what's in the
picture or what's the background of the
picture
you gotta let me know what do you want
what do you guys think fits me
I'll see grace three days are you
meeting someone in three days are you
meeting my sister in three days anyway
grace three days sent me a Christmas
theme that is a gold white and a little
bit of green accent Christmas theme I
like that I like that that is nice
that's a lot of white I'd have to do in
gold so that's my issue is that I'm lazy
but I shouldn't be lazy on doors that is
pretty though
I read a huge gold fan I don't like
yellow gold is that much it's growing on
me a little bit
can we see Matt no Brooklyn you cannot
do Isis theme no I can't steal license a
never doesn't it's always a thing that's
been my own thing apparently you're not
allowed to like do what you will do
anymore
YouTube's weird now you should have
everything be black bean you can have a
black Christmas so just I just post a
piece of black square every day now give
me the followers I don't understand what
robes are for please explain Kelly it's
like a blanket you wear looks like a
cozy fluffy blanket that's you wear it's
like a coat
that is long and cozy and a blanket that
you wear thank you for keeping you warm
Oh see I got a white white green gold
okay the gold Christmas is in alright I
feel it the gold Christmas is in this
year people do use our official
Christmas trees um I have last year I
got a real one if you get a real one you
have to wait to like December to put it
up or else is gonna die by Christmas so
if you want to put one up immediately
use an artificial one I can't decide for
blaze if I should get real or artificial
cuz I feel like the real tree he's gonna
swallow and eat it cuz he's a dog and he
loves mystics and he loves eating plants
but our official one I'm scared he's
gonna think it's a plant and eat plastic
okay I can't tell what to do with this
okay I'm getting sent it's the themes
this is good okay send them to me after
the livestream to just tag me in it so I
can see them cuz right now I can't like
I can't describe what each picture is
but I'm liking the themes I'm being sent
and what's actually like look at him but
I carry now decide to keep talking
entertaining because if I just was
silent more people would tune out of
this livestream no do a white Christmas
to match your white theme hehe my white
theme this guy's cute is he part he's
not a white theme cuz he's got too much
color on him Rexy I don't know how to do
this it's like white and black theme I
got going here hi Rachel my best friend
Charlotte doesn't have a Twitter but hi
she really loves you and wants to say hi
hello Charlotte and thanks Alexis for
relaying that message please post black
squares every day everyone will be so
confused so now we Sarah it'd be our
little secret
do snowflakes do you mean do snowflakes
just like a picture of sounds like or is
that the theme of snowflakes that's hard
to find a lot so place when I don't live
in the snow I love how a YouTube chat is
going off and you aren't reading any of
them because Twitter fan was the best
yeah okay I'll I'll go on but people in
the YouTube comments are very rude so I
never read them come on let me get to it
but I'll go and say hi
you just got you're mean to me guys
you're just mean oh stop talking me all
right Saturday Rachel what is Colleen
doing she's on tour in Australia right
now or New Zealand or she is Rachel will
you sit on my face farting till you make
me pass out and we're going back to
Twitter just hey please pose because I
need a new profile picture for my new
Act
all right
there's that so as long as you get to
pose that's my post get it say one pro
and con about living in Southern
California one pro is it you don't ever
have to live in snow living in snow I
know is annoying I like to visit it also
you're close to the beach and if you're
in LA like if you're in Southern
California you're close to cool things
are supposed to cool things one con is
all the fires that happen there are
constant fires happening in Southern
California because Southern California
is actually a desert that we've turned
into like cities which is weird but it's
literally a desert so it doesn't rain
here a lot and things catch on fire very
easily so that's a con also another con
is it's just expensive it is very
expensive to live here but do you get
what you pay for it's I just love it
here I wouldn't live anywhere else
Kaleem says she's watching oh dear
Khalid I feel so exposed
I'm in Australia not New Zealand
Coleen's and Australia guys not New
Zealand so you know I feel awkward
Colinas a project I feel weird you're
ignoring me rude I am literally speaking
to you I literally is just respondent
beep rude my stock is falling off well
Emily put it back on oh I just got sent
a really cute fall theme but false pass
it's like done it's over it's a huge
delay that would have been great and
fault I'm mad that I missed out on this
theme and I'm not helping you with
Instagram because I don't really know
it's what I'm doing there yeah same girl
no I didn't mean to go on YouTube chat
stay on twitter i'm on twitter
background twitter youtube chat is scary
place who the farting comment I'm
disgusted same
how do you feel about Christmas and
summer that happens in Australia doesn't
it
Thanks words I have a story um where do
I live in Santa Barbara where I usually
spend Christmas there has been times
where it's 80 degrees on Christmas Day
which I don't love cuz to me it is
Christmas is winter and cold so when I
have to wear shorts at Christmas I feel
a little weird also usually you get a
bunch of weird clothes on Christmas so
you want to wear your new clothes or
just that's just me cuz I don't like to
plan outfits some people give me clothes
like that's what I'll wear today I love
you really plain what they're gonna wear
on Christmas and like major holidays I
just hope when someone gives me
something to wear my dog is snoring so
loud girl fall isn't over yet I'm here
until at least Thanksgiving in my
opinion you do you you but there's an
insta theme I should say to you because
it's cute but uh no it's already
Christmas to me I got to do it at
Christmas theme I like this grey theme
with a little bit of gold in it I'm
liking it I could do that I could do
that
I'm gonna save this one actually enough
take pictures I like taking pictures I
like photography oh my son you heard
that it's been forever since I've come
to a live stream Britt welcome back I
hope I don't disappoint you although I
probably will hi I'm meeting your sister
in three days
Oh give her a hug from me D I miss her
oh my god dog I don't know if you guys
can hear that but he is snort up a storm
you don't need a theme Rachel your theme
is your a theme in and of itself Amy
thank you when I look at my own in
stomach okay this is ugly
because everyone's got a beautiful
Instagram now and so then they look at
mine I'm like you can do better than
that I say that to myself quite often I
got to give myself pep talks so you guys
get to okay so what are we doing you
guys Oh after the sliced and we're gonna
vote I'll do a poll on Twitter should I
post every day or every
other day on Instagram and if you guys
got to send me themes that I should do
like concepts I think that's the word
I've been wanting to say I said it
earlier but as the stickleback concepts
for my Instagram and then what's the
other thing we're doing oh yeah you can
send me intros to vlogmas if you want me
to post it they have to be short
I don't do long intros no long things I
don't learn to be half the bug sometimes
my gloves are minute logs it's a 30
second intro as at the blog dudududu
what's your favorite food during
Thanksgiving at Christmas Thanksgiving
is mashed potatoes stuffing that's not
one thing mashed potatoes and stuffing
and corn all mixed into one I messed up
my horribly done eyeliner then and then
Christmas
we don't do a feast on Christmas we
always do Christmas cookie party so rice
krispies treats on Christmas I like
those Oh a silver Christmas tree I'm
writing it I'm meeting your sister in
seven days clean if you're still
watching this you're meeting so many
lovely people has someone ever missed
those your name at Starbucks yeah Rachel
who couldn't be spelled with two A's or
running not like two days like Rachel
our AAC our a CH AE L a lot of people
still Rachel like that so sometimes felt
like that but I don't get offended I
don't care what's through weirdest way
someone is spelled Rachel just with that
extra a I think that's weird Rachel's a
pretty common name
I believe especially since those are
friends so people know how to spell that
now trust don't mind if I do a Lexie
Facebook is old now lol I wonder if
they've heard of MySpace or oh my god
Michelle they don't know what myspace is
I loved my space I wish I could make the
top eight jokes but nobody will
understand those what is it Daisy
asexual Oh Daisy did you do do you
who cares about Instagram
people Kim Kardashian I don't know I
love Twitter it's my favorite place to
be but Instagram is a big deal don't
send me pictures of staples in your
finger that's not okay it's always hot
on Christmas Day in Australia mate make
me so I get you from Australia good day
mate do another pose I am NOT a monkey
do not tell me what to do
you're like obstructions when is Blaze's
birthday grace three days it is March
1st very easy to remember my shirt quick
I just fell someone gave me this shirt
on tour and then I wore it because one
of the first that rides up every 4
seconds it just like wants to hug my
boobs so it's constantly writing up to
here I just like it's a body it's my
body shirt oh he's right enough but I
wore it cuz as long I want to cover my
butt crack so we're in low country today
but it's do I have to sit taste every
other day Oh guys this is an argument
you're charged of my Instagram now so
you gotta decide annalen say g'day mate
favorite song at the moment I don't have
one I don't have a favorite song at the
moment I'm like bad on music right now I
think I'm just waiting for everyone to
drop the Christmas albums have people
check their Christmas a besides how to
hurt him because everyone's got this
like rolling ever people drop them yet I
need to listen to that ish
guys how long have I've been doing this
it's not gonna do the 30 minute
livestream how less than 35 minutes all
right
five minutes I gotta go I know things to
do but I wanted to hang out with you
guys because I haven't talked to you in
a very long time for Christmas themed
dress your dog up in different costumes
that make make a good theme that will be
for his Instagram if you didn't know he
hasn't Instagram blaze faller I will
definitely be putting in my Christmas
sweaters he'll be wearing Christmas
sweaters a lot but he alone : before do
that because he's a he's a heater
he is a heat box so if I put sweaters on
around on him right now and it's still
like not freezing out you know overheat
so I gotta wait la a little bit can you
turn the snowmen so they're facing in
the same direction places bothering me
there you go
also I just bought you and Cooley's book
and I can't wait to get them Ashley oh
thank you by our looks
do your best New Zealand accent I am
terrible at accents I will not embarrass
myself so I'm not going to attempt it
but very bad at accents I used to think
I was good at it but I was a lie I was
lying to myself
do you know who Little Mix are they're a
group was that girls singing girls think
that our group rock they're a group of
musical girls I've only seen pictures of
them they look cool
Oh God thanks for applying I love you
you're welcome Shane and RIT's place
shares a birthday with Justin Bieber
Jenna I love that you know in Justin
Bieber's birthday this is because I
didn't although I do care about him
Selena Gomez
what does Starbucks taste like because
I've never had it
also your current same drink I smell a
lot to own the milk that's always
something right uh wanna Starbucks
tastes like coffee uh I don't know I'm
the wrong person to ask
cuz I don't know what other places
tastes like uh coffee bean does powder
which I don't like
and everyone hates Starbucks or loves it
I don't know I don't it tastes like
coffee a lot of people say it tastes
like burnt coffee is bad coffee is it
coffee to me would you ever dye your
hair crazy colors like blue purple red
honey it took me twenty six years just
about highlights in my hair you think
I'm gonna jump to colors I don't think I
will
ah but I do like doing the highlights I
think I'll keep highlighting new words
I'll keep doing that please name my
mouse Oh whiskers your mouse's name is
whiskers there you go husband's met
Daisy no he has through a glass window
but blaze is too big and too playful he
plays rough and daisies about this bass
and that is the bat the size of blazes
puff faces a tremendous thing but that's
the size of blazes head but anyway if
blaze just did this on to Daisy
problem to probably die so we're keeping
them separated until she can handle
herself and blaze calms down he needs to
learn to calm down around cats he does
not know what to do with them and they
gets very hyper and it's he needs to
calm down yes
so for Daisy's sake I'm keeping them
separated refreshing are you brushing
okay guys are you got a sign off I have
to go to Home Depot cuz I want to build
a thing so I'm setting up thanks for
hanging out me sorry there's no
worrying that the slide ship is
happening also to happen so late today
or early in the morning frustrating
hey yesterday I was able to watch today
one person anyway because because it was
later you're welcome all right I love
you guys I'm signing off I have a vlog
for tomorrow we'll be up every day
plug in follow me no I don't need to
promote myself for my vlog channel you
guys know me I don't need I love you
guys you're my people I love my blog
channel about Twitter people you're just
we get each other you were there you're
here I'm there you're there I love you
guys all right let's see you later
