what's up its what miss baldness its
buck miss bog man it's like Miss blog
man say it's time to celebrate dogmas
it's Thursday morning I just finished
filming and editing my video for today
and exporting it now this little guy I
would have been done a lot sooner but he
has just been whimpering all day and I
can't quite figure out what's wrong with
him was wrong and some it was tissue
that I woke you up from your nap is that
your issue I think the medicine and the
wet food I gave him didn't mix well and
his tummy and so today is his last day
of medicine and I switched it back to
his dry food so you should feel better
by the end of the day he's just not
happy today
and he kept look at what I had to do to
my mirror I just have to completely
black it out cuz he always everyone
smile look at the mirror and kind of
growl a little bit thing like what's
that and then he realized it's himself
and he calms down
he would not calm down about it I think
the medicine the painkillers and make
him going a little so I had to take care
of that yeah I'm talking about you go
back to sleep anyway so I got to finish
work and then I have to edit it plus my
blog all right mr. whiny makuey nursin
here seem to got a spurt of energy so
we're going on a tiny little walk
see if that cheers him up a bit we don't
go and walks much anymore at all because
we go to the dog park every day and that
gets his energy out walks don't do
anything for him I can take him on 60
walks a day and he'd be like I still
have energy doc person the only thing
that makes him tired didn't really like
walks but I'm seeing it just getting a
little fresh air stretching his legs
helps his attitude a little bit
daddy now you're gonna go to dinner and
leave you out of your crate okay
can you be a good boy for a half hour by
yourself you think you're old enough you
promise not to get into anything bad
you'll have free room okay just a half
hour you'll be okay okay all right good
deal
all right we're out getting dinner I
don't think we've gone out to eat and
ate at the place of a very very long
time like since we've got the dog but I
think he's old enough where he could
kind of maybe stay alive being out of
his crate at home so that's what's
happening I know I'm home I just that's
my dog we are being a super daring and
are at the grocery store now I this dog
is probably having the time of its whole
life running around actually I think
he's sick his tummy kind of hurt earlier
so hopefully he's just sleeping but uh
we'll be in there because I wanted to
make some avocado brownies tonight
that's right I said it
let's see if you got in anything that
blanket was on the couch when I left
Bhoomi uh-huh
all right sir I think you passed the
test I think you were a good boy and you
passed the test good job buddy
good job
it's uh about an hour to later this
guy's just been napping nothing on me
not gonna lie I just cut up cuz I need
to do a little workout oh wait why can't
I ever say leg I always say wait I got
it wait where I got to dip
I like to look out my wigs my calves are
still super sore from five days ago so
I'm mainly used to do a bunch of
stretching and then a few deadlifts and
that's just gonna be it but I want he
just audibly farted he's been hurting so
much and they stick I think I'm stressed
about a tummy pissed on me still hurts
tomorrow I have to call the vet because
this is it normal this little guy
absolutely vicious oh and I'm also uh oh
that's bright oh that is so bright I'm
watching basketball but the brightness
won't let you see that high five bro
that's five pound it Oh use your face no
use no face I'm obsessed with you you're
stopping me from working out just cuz I
keep wanting to play with you you're too
cute so cute
what what are you even doing now you're
too cute too cute let's hold hands you
know hold hands hand holding hand
holding hand holding a little monster
you're a monster
I made the brownies they're good Oakland
