guys look what the Tooth Fairy left
please do enjoy yeah go play go play in
the gym apparently is where we play it's
what miss bog mask its this bog man
it's like Miss blog man say it's time to
celebrate thought miss this is your
secret room now
all right I am tired today and it's been
a long night that little monster kept me
up his sleeping schedule and feeding
schedules on all off and he's on pain
meds II don't know what's going on but
you get me up all night anyway what is
today Wednesday okay let's do it
the amount of tweets I'm getting to
remind me to vlog is hilarious and I
love it and you guys are the best if you
didn't see my vlogger posted yesterday
which has been today's from then I
posted a vlog and I said remind me to
vlog so you guys have been reminding me
on Twitter and it's awesome thank you so
much oh I just my I'm a mess I'm so
tired today Matt look at me he goes baby
do you need to take a nap so I have even
netted Mike and posted my vlog for today
yet I'm a mess I know I have some
footage that oh okay I'm at the grocery
store that me good stuff for lunch
breakfast nope not at all breakfast I
don't know would I get food ma he knew
18 new guys you know that science
experiment I did the color in it is just
already faded this is the worst don't
buy this kit I mean I had fun doing it
but clearly is crystals are worth
nothing billionaire from them I posted
my blog are you proud of me oh by the
way I'm wearing this shirt says I'd
rather rescue animals
it's from army animals I've integrated
about them before I just like them they
send me some shirts they're cool not an
ad just like them in their products now
I want Twitter and snapchat just doing
things I have to go the dog park and 15
I realized
saying that I was saying it in front of
this dude 15 minutes you me Park all
right cool and I think tonight I'm gonna
film the video with him boys
giving him his voice voicing my animal I
don't know what I'm gonna title it yet I
just always give I always do his voice
and sorry I thought it'd be funny to do
a video of me doing his voice that is
all did you say pork did you did is that
mom don't toy with me I know you're
toying with me oh this is his toy that I
gave him earlier that's half of it I
don't know where the other half went but
that's half of it no no trash do you
want to go to the part let's go which
way which way you choose the way okay
this way here we go and we're coming
I'm so glad I told you guys to tell me
to vlog cuz I was like I'm not good like
that like I'll figure out the day
everytime you guys would remind me of
like my iru blog it just slide like I'm
on top of this and then I've been
sitting here for hours
and I just want Witter and you guys are
like Rachael it's time for you to block
dang it you're right no I've been trying
to film a video with this guy but he
seems kind of out of it I'm doing a
voice inge and did I already have a
still not on camera it was just when I
was talking with Matt what I am voicing
my dog don't know what titleist yeah I'm
trying to do that today but he didn't
kind of out of it some of I'm not like
making him do anything and was trying to
film in a natural habitat to not bug him
but he's been kind of lazy today and I
think it's cuz he's on pain meds and his
tooth hurts it's a whole shebang but
anyway it's 9:45 I need to work out a
little arm workout in my legs still
killed from my workout three days ago
and then I did basketball yesterday
which didn't help but they still in pain
something a little arm workout Oh get
them guns up yeah that's it
I also just did a little photo shoot
with him cuz he was just being a cute
with his little ball
they don't yolk I love him
