please I'm sorry I'm sorry he's very mad
at me because I won't meet him I can't
need help because yes so go to the fat
right now I get a stone pulled it's one
this fog mask its this fog man it's
like Miss blog man says it's time to
celebrate got my tooth pulling day he
hasn't had any food or water since 10
p.m. last night which isn't that bad I
just feel bad cuz the little dude was
like you broke up and was set to eat
nice when he wakes up eat but on my way
to the bed right now drop him off and
it's a day of errands for me I gotta do
a bunch of the things and it's just
getting the errands done man morning
traffic people are crazy no one obeys
any laws of the road everyone just get
it that's what they want
this is insane everybody crazy people
are when they have to go to or from
school or work I'm sorry I'm sorry
I think he knows what we're doing not
happy about it
I just dropped him off I feel so bad
they poured cat food right in front of
them for the cats that live at the vet
like they just have like office cats
they poured the cat food in the Capel's
right in front of him and he started
freaking out he's so hungry anyway I
picked him up between 3:00 and 5:00 poor
little man all on my own I don't do
makeup and finish my video if it's
Tuesday and it was a three-part video
and I so I've been doing it for two days
and now I gotta go finish it and post it
I've edited what I've done but I need to
see what okay stupid homemade tripod
which is putting my camera right here
between the computer and the desk anyway
I finished my finish filming my video so
now I'm have to finish editing it and
then I can post it and then I can go do
things do you want to go to Home Depot
again cuz I've got some cool like wood
shot cracks I want to do Matt and I
ordered the miter saw guys we did a
thing are we ordered a miter saw we want
to build things and you just need to
build things so we ordered two saw to
build things so we're gonna take a
look-see at Home Depot today to see what
the GATS what we're doing that's about
it I'm gonna edit this now so I can go
do life it's 9:00 a.m. I'm getting
things done don't worry about me it's
very cold in this house right now it
would turn on here imagine sleep he's
supposed to woken up right now
everything right I just don't wake him
up I let the man sleep if I turn on the
heater he'd overheat cuz he isn't there
always blankets nice and warm so I just
had to suffer really we you're not
having a dog around the things literally
attached to me all the time if I leave a
room he follows me so it's really weird
to be like well I can go over I want not
have a little thing following me but at
the same time I'm like well where's my
little body it's a weird thing okay
I'm gonna clean and eaten stuff okay
alright first stop of the day without
the dog is tarjay
they just called me and said that blaze
had his little tooth pulled if he was
great they loved him but they have to
keep him until about three until his
drugs wear off so he can walk out
himself that's the goal
but anyway so all duded bright soothe
his mystic mountain it's great okay so I
ran and did a bunch of stuff with Matt
we went to Home Depot did a bunch of
stuff all right
dirty we did a bunch of chores but blaze
is actually getting picked up sooner
than I thought I thought he's gonna be
there till 5:00 he's only there two
three they called said everything was
great so we're about to go pick up blaze
and see how he is little face his little
toothless mouth my little boy wonder
look sweetie hey hey I know I'm fine
though I know was it a tough day I
haven't looked at this - yet they gave
me his tooth look hi hi yes we'll look
at it when we're humble we're gonna
drive home now okay you gotta go sit
back in your seat honey this is that you
don't sit here anymore there's not your
spot let's go home thank you I just got
home and he's so hungry he hasn't eaten
all day
he's just honey that that says you can't
have any until 8 p.m. I'm so hurry I'm
sorry I can't give you any I'm so hurry
pick P I can't you you have medicine in
you so you can't eat until 8 p.m. I'm
sorry baby I love you don't give me that
I'm sorry I'm so hurry he's breaking my
heart I can't give him any food until
8:00 and he has a eaten all day
oh my word oh okay
Iran and god bless wet food and then
Matt's gonna feed it to them at 7:30 or
8:00 but I have a basketball game
tonight at 7:00 it's 644 I have been in
traffic
I've been in traffic for an hour and I
still have 15 minutes more to go I'm
gonna be late to my game but this
traffic is unbearable also you know that
little tiny leg workout I did two days
ago yeah my legs are so sore especially
my cab so I'm gonna be like zero help to
this game that I'm gonna be late for but
we'd only have two games left so I gotta
give him my own anyway
blaze is sad hopefully when I get home
after he's had water and food he's gonna
be happy again but he had medicine in
his system that he shouldn't eat or
drink on with mixed science anyway also
I posted a video today and I've done
Sierra promotion for it just nothing I
haven't even posted my vlog for today I
have a lot to do when I get home uh it's
just been a freaking crazy day and
there's a cop and while I don't think
vlogging is illegal while driving I'm
gonna put the camera away
we won oh right oh we won I scored two
baskets ladies and gentlemen um one
lettuce four points it's the most I've
ever scored in this game I'm one of the
people to like dive for the ball I don't
for the ball twice I've got it I got a
few steals I got some rebounds I got
some assists I'm the person that asks
the team with everything but points
that's how I play I'm also really good
cheerleader I usually just yell everyone
I hate with these rec leagues there's no
one in the stands cheering for you
unless my mom comes like my mom should
have come today
she was yell at her and me cuz we both
forgot
anyway it's really quiet in the gym
sometimes and so it's really awkward to
play one of that puts that quiet so it
is I'm usually just yelling random
things that don't really help but it
makes like the noise level go up which
makes people kind of like work harder
it's weird when it's silent you don't
light hard because it's not an
environment which would play hardened
and it's like okay I'm driving home and
about stressed because you know I want
to see your tooth during little mr. it's
that time in the vlog when we show your
little tooth okay ready ready you got
let me see it take Oh toothless McGee
toothless slinky knocked out on pain
meds he finally got to use dinner and
he's happy and he's just sleeping so
this little dude I'm gonna call him and
watch some TV go to bed I hope I think I
got footage today more than yesterday
I'm really dating but there's more
footage
hello guys see you tomorrow bye
