morning no it's time to celebrate God
miss I'm gonna hang out with my mom
today we're gonna do a little gardening
clean asked my mom to garden stuff in
her side yard while she's in Australia
cuz I think she wants to come home to
like fruits and veggies or something to
be healthy I don't know but I think that
means I get to go to Home Depot
and you know Depot anyway I'm tired it's
the morning of making coffee CMS Home
Depot my mother I haven't worn contacts
without makeup in a very long time I'm
going uh glasses with glasses lists
today because I figured if you're like
trying to work and dirt and they just
fall and they get girls so contacts it
is but let's go into my favorite place
on earth besides if you'll enjoy okay
mom I think I need a machete
well you're going to get them last time
we went shopping for a Christmas tree
all right yeah do get dirty doing yard
work and gardening wash my hair hey new
I'm home now I didn't finish paint
finish I didn't film any of the
gardening because I was busy gardening I
didn't want my camera a dirty anyway I'm
home
I gotta edit the vlog for today thought
Miss okay it is way later I went to the
doc park I ate dinner and now I'm gonna
film part two of my video I might get
the third part done tonight and edit it
and stuck so I wrote a bunch of stuff to
do tomorrow since the dog is gonna be at
the vet all day I'm like what Aaron's
gonna run what can I go what can I do
because when I have the dog well I love
him he limits my abilities to call
places unless Mac sit down to say it
home while I go do things but that's no
fun to stay home all the time anyway I'm
about to film part three I haven't set
it up all the way yet cuz you're not
know what it is yet oh wait when I post
this so I've already seen it go watch my
video not even gonna tell you you have
to go wash know my main channels today
okay I'm gonna go did things it's the
next day
and I know I looked the same but
sweatshirts do that to you it's the next
day another I'm editing this I'm
realizing there is no footage in it guys
can you just randomly text me throughout
the day and remind me to vlog please do
my job for me well you're not doing a
job you reminding me to do my job
be my boss basically cuz I don't know
what's wrong with me I keep thinking
that I'd log I keeping like our new vlog
that and later I'm like yeah I did that
I probably logged it where's my brain I
don't have a brain anymore
just throughout the day please tweet me
and remind me to vlog kindly or you can
do it angrily I don't know I don't know
what kind of boss do you want to be in
the world but be my boss please okay I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow with the more footage what is
the problem
