excuse me Thor I think that you're very
dirty and muddy right now you in a bath
or chew on this rope for a while I
haven't blogged all day so I think I'm
gonna do that thing where I do a live
stream once a week so I don't have to
vlog for a full day I'm so tired but I
do want to vlog today giving him a bath
because it's always entertaining
whenever I should set up my GoPro in the
bathtub oh cool footage dude though
before I throw him in I have to throw
his blankets into the wash so when he
gets out he has clean blankets
I'll see just get sturdy I never know
what to do we could do I clean him first
or do it clean the blankets first I'm
gonna clean the blankets and hit at the
same time he doesn't have any blankets
for a little
what's up its next day it's Sunday I
haven't vlogged again today
I forgot that during vlogmas it exposes
how boring my life is anyway I'm about
to do a livestream I decide I'm gonna do
live streams every Saturday again so
Saturdays at Rachel's but today I'm just
doing it on Sunday because I didn't post
a blog today excited having a blog but
it's with all I had was the dog footage
anyway I'm a live stream now alright I'm
done with my live stream but I was
always live streaming if you watched it
you'll know that my dog found a
cockroach and the entire live stream was
just me and my dog trying to kill this
cockroach never killed it it disappeared
don't know where it is I mean it's in my
closet somewhere but it was a whole
fiasco I don't know if I'm gonna find it
probably when I move out eventually in
life I'll find it maybe it's dead no I
found dead cockroaches in my closet
before but I don't really want to like
don't look II got ahead of sight out of
mind
you know anyway I have to find stuff I
gotta do videos so if a video today
you're gonna head of life I just gotta
look through this mass of things these
are all gifts from you guys see what I
want to do yeah okay I picked a science
experiment I'm gonna do a science
experiment I haven't done one that was a
really long time and I love doing them
and I stopped doing them because I
thought they were getting old or
whatever but I love doing this
I'm gonna do it I'm not gonna tell you
what it is it's gonna be a three day
process I'm gonna film tonight tomorrow
and then Tuesday morning and then I'll
post a Tuesday afternoon it's gonna take
a long time but I'm down for it now I
figure out my Thursday video and that's
that oh my god guys I'm gonna focus oh
my god at least things oh my god
oh my god I hate how I'm talking right
now oh my god seriously they'll focus
there it is boom I'm not showing you my
address that's the peel box
I got a return stamp look it so now when
I do giveaways so I love doing giveaways
but I hate writing out the envelopes oh
that's Lewis not focus oh I'm so excited
about it lamest thing to be excited
about but I just picked all the head
shot giveaway winner people from blazes
costume video wait a second that didn't
work you let's try to line it up
perfectly again that works whoever got
it gets this hopefully you watch my
vlogs this was done with love I think
it's cuz I did it on a staff
sergeant's come on watch it guys it's
the little things in life that give me
so much joy did I spell everything where
I didn't even double-check before anyway
I just picked headshot winners from
places Halloween costume video no I got
to send them all out but this way I can
do giveaways during vlogmas I'll
probably do things in December not
November but this way it won't take me
as long literally writing out that over
and over again is the most annoying
thing in the entire world
and guys I got the eco-friendly one I
paid four extra dollars for it so I'm
really good person that's all I got the
same finish dinner responded not
responded but finished headshot stuff
except a few people haven't deemed me
back their address and full names so
that's annoying people don't spend their
whole lives on Twitter rude but I'm
gonna film part of my video and then I
gotta do a little wait wait look out
I got dual oh boy we'll go until they
work out and then I've got to watch some
stranger things I have to it's rule
there's no stopping me
who's just a little late workout today
I wasn't a really good roll with working
out it's working out almost every day
for like two months straight and then I
know what I haven't like just like came
up and I would work out at night so I go
hang out with people and it goes until
night it cuts in our workout hours or
whatever anyway so I'd like just kept
happening and then the more you put it
off the more your motivation to continue
goes away so it's easy to do when it's
consistent once it like breaks it's hard
to motivate my it's hard to motivate
yourself to get back into it I'm finally
getting back into it but I can't start
where I left off coz it's been like a
month or two even I didn't know it's I
think it's been a month so I have to
start out slow and build my way back up
again which is annoying cuz if I just
kept going I'd be way farther than I am
right now so a little leg workout some
squats calf raises a stretch very simple
very easy
I think instagram-worthy I want to put
more effort into my Fitness Instagram if
we didn't know I have a Fitness
Instagram what is it I think we know
what it is
hold on it's been so long our ball our
fitness anyway I want to I want to start
taking that hook out more seriously so I
got to take myself more seriously and my
workouts more seriously anyway come I
need some protein finish my water rinse
off watch stranger things
