hey I'm in Sydney do it today I got here
about an hour ago
throw dunks Colleen's got a show today
the whole family's going to happen ooh
toward Market Street then turn right
onto Market Street okay turn right at
the Market Street I get it I just ate
some lunch and now kalenna sending me to
wall green oh there's a puppy oh do what
clean is sending me to Walgreens to get
some props so I'm going to do that the
first Avenue girl you must calm yourself
which is in four days so we're
celebrating right now with the whole
family
okay cool she's excited about any
lighter try it's way over there right
come here
Wow
be short on cash Cory that's how you do
it people I say you make money you make
money counterfeit all day oh we're gonna
do just made one for Frankie and then
also anti panties when she showed up
look at home sound it out far away to
the meet and greet oh look this is Tyler
Oakley the meeting creatures started but
I really have to pee so I'm going pee
and also grabbing Frankie a coca-cola Oh
Eric stop
we happy bird
