hey Doug okay you're eating a thing T's
making noises I just tweet this whoa hey
everybody um how y'all doing today
sounds like house how are things
it is vlogmas time which means that
after vlogging every day but I like to
give myself a break so I do live
shooting once a week live streams once a
week but I don't want to do I'm gonna do
them every Saturday but this week is
different and is doing it on Sunday
because I messed up I forgot so sorry I
have my sleeves rolled up and then I put
my jacket on and then it was starting to
suffocate wait my this crease part so I
don't care about you and I'm talking
about anyway so yeah livestream once a
week for vlogmas but it'll be on
Saturdays let me Saturdays at Rachel's
but right now we're just doing a
livestream party right now so hashtag
party at Rachel's that's what this
hashtag is great good look at the
hashtag now so just know no one's using
the hashtag fine I'll look at my
notifications yeah yay hey hi how's your
day going my day is pretty good at least
yeah I have a little story so I went to
the dog park today as I do per huge
every day I go to the dark art and I was
at the dog park you know it's dark heart
dogs are running around full force being
dogs you can see the feet of my dog
right there did you drop your toy now
you don't know how to get back up and
turn all the way around anyway
thump our thumbs are running around down
to be knobs dog park so I'm saying that
the dog park with some people that
aren't my usual people I hang out with
but there are some like 30 I know them
but
anyway my dog goes over into this other
dog it's like it's a grass and there's
kind of surrounded by hills and this one
bar is pooping on the hill and my dog
runs up and I yell like please don't bug
the dog's poop and the owner laughs and
looked at me waved I was like okay she's
fine with my dog be near her dog and
then he was playing over with that darn
for a little bit and then the other dog
started kicking up dust and I yelled it
was like blaze I just watched him come
back so blaze runs past the lady he
burns about two feet in front of her
runs past her he had had been stopped
and then he started running so it wasn't
went too fast and then he sprinted off
when the dog was about ten feet from her
she just falls backwards just falls
backwards and all of us looked at each
other like what just happened so I ran
over to her I was like oh my god are you
okay and she just gets up Huff's and
puffs and goes good I hate what dogs
don't respect where I'm walking like
okay I didn't even help her I just
turned around because clearly she's
crazy and you're at a dog park they're
all running around her dog was running
and my dad didn't actually touch her
bike I look my dog hits people all the
time when he's running he's knocked over
a fringe of iris before but he didn't
touch her this time I know my dogs a
dick and I admit to it and I say oh I'm
sorry if they went dog runs into people
but he didn't touch her and so I'm
turned around and started walking back
to my group we're about 20 yards she's
was like 20 yards from us I started
walking back my friend Raj was like what
happened and I said she doesn't like
when dogs don't respect where she's
walking and he was like she slipped on
the dirt I watched her but she from
joiners I heard of that and was like I
did not slip on the dirt
I slipped because that dog hit me going
500 miles per hour she literally said
500 miles per hour and I told my partner
otters yeah he runs that fast rocks back
to my group and this lady who I made it
like once every two weeks I see
not super friends with her but she would
say pet dog your dog was like a foot
away from her when he ran past her and
then was 10 feet away when she fell it
is not physically possible for your dog
to hit her and her fall from that she
slipped on the dirt okay I know it's
fine
the dog there's some crazy people there
like I feel like every day I have a new
story they're just the people are crazy
and I hate we all talk about how we hate
when people go to a dog park and don't
understand dogs and they hate dogs why
are you at the dog park
people come to dr. Park with their dog
like I don't what dogs touching my dog
you're a part of dogs what do you think
you have a dog do you think no dog is
gonna just you just think all the dogs
are like oh okay
alright I got this anyway that was my
story someday that's been my main event
of the day is dog prick drama as always
anyway how you guys doing today 500
miles per hour oh my gosh you could make
money off that dog right Abbi I know a
lot of stories um how do you tell people
parents you have internet friends I have
no clue Lauren I never had to deal with
that really because that that was my
parents are in on the internet thing
okay I'm looking at the hash tag hash
tag party at Rachel's okay place
deserves better he does he gets a lot of
hate there's constantly like a bunch of
dogs like a new dog will walk into the
park and my dog kind of part of the
Welcome committee where we were always
by the entrance and our dogs like to go
greet all the other dogs and then once
they sniff them they run back to her to
us but so they'll be a bunch of dogs
around sniffing a dog and then once mine
comes up the owner starts freaking out
because it's a pit bull and they're like
push it away oh my god oh my god glaze
come back even though it blaze is the
one that doesn't fight and doesn't cause
any drama except away hits people going
500 miles per hour then he's insane
click on Sarah where do you live it's
snowing where you live snowboard so bad
Lucy has arrived guys Lucy semicolon 13
has arrived are you reading hashtags our
notice Olivia slashed 154
I'm reading the hashtag at the moment
why didn't you come to New Zealand and
Australia was clean I wanted to hug you
I'm sorry Kayla I didn't have the money
uh do you know how expensive it is to
fly over there also I didn't want to be
away from my dog and my boyfriend that
long and I'm still trying to do house
things
so finding houses is a lot of work
people it's a lot of work how do you
deal with not seeing Killeen as often um
I just make my time with that I do have
with her me more and then so when she is
in town I hang out with her like every
day it's it's she's doing amazing things
can only get mad about it your Christmas
decorations make me so happy
only I have barely any up I have these
just cuz they were on the couch the dogs
trying to eat them I need to deck out my
office I think I'll do that this week I
just haven't had time to say my days are
boring and they are boring but I am
they're filled with things but it's
mainly in front of computer not fun to
blog I spy a fidget spinner yeah I have
yeah death happens I have a bunch of
them I don't ever use them anymore
those are outright fidget spinners are
done people are over those except the
people that actually need them right
like the craze is over please don't eat
that he's eating string that's gonna
come out your poop and I'm gonna see it
and then imma laugh at you wait
everyone's talking about dog stories but
I can't watch them so confused somebody
step you should be watching Becky says
dog of people at dog parks are some of
the best people you ever meet and also
some of the craziest it's true my friend
my group of friends is like my they're
my best friends now I love them but
there are crazy people there like insane
people one time this chick was hanging
out with us I I wanted to vlog the story
but there's a lot of cuss words involved
but gist of it was I walked up and
there's new
hang out with our group we don't care we
welcome everybody and her dog was really
hyper and it was on a leash still but
running around and she seemed to be
trying to chase it and my friends were
like it's okay he's playing fine the dog
can hang out with our dogs she's go
really and I walked up with blaze and
blaze started playing with it the dog
did seem super hyper but I was playing
fine with our dogs and then my friend
Igor his dog only wants to play fetch
that's all his dog wants to do so I'm
standing there but in there for like
five minutes and then Igor picks up his
stick with the ball you know how to have
those clingy things and he flings the
ball for his dog to go chase and she
looks at him she's like you mother and
starts cussing him out and he was like
what she was like I told you not to
throw the ball he's like what are you
talking about and she just started
cussing him out enjoy jabbing out and
like trying to get in his face and he
just he started cussing at her I was
like just go to another side of the park
playing you're crazy you're crazy or
dogs crazy get to the side part and she
and then he like put his thing down on
the table next urge I'm trying to get my
space I was like trying to fight him and
at the end we were all this like ladies
leave go away she kept tried Nick what's
your name how you spell that I'm gonna
look you up arrested for throwing a ball
and it was just like there are crazy
people with Doc Park and he was like she
never told me I couldn't throw a ball
all summer at a dog park where people
throw balls what is happening she was
crazy anyway but I'm Sonia dog park
people are crazy and I'm surprised it's
not a show yes
horror movie why are you still talking
about dogs ah if you don't like me
talking about dogs you shouldn't never
watch me or my channel just who I am on
what I do have you updated your phone
yet uh yeah Mac attack I have and my
cell phone and my laptop I've updated
everything so all my systems are updated
but my iMac is the only thing that will
let me see when people post the new
emojis like I have them on all my
keyboards but on my phone at my laptop
so comes up as a box question or even
though I have the emojis in my thing it
is very confusing
I don't ice apple is having a glitch or
something they're doing that my phone
doesn't work and the updates aren't
working Apple needs to get it together
because I'm over it I'm not gonna buy
new product until they figure out how
cold is it in California will Sarah
where I live it says it's 62 and partly
cloudy right now so that's it how long
have you live streaming for Charlotte I
think I'm only gonna do another like 20
minutes just like a 30 minute livestream
today I've seen dinner I was doing stuff
earlier so I couldn't live stream
earlier it's you know I will do longer
ones but today I think it's only gonna
be 30 minutes I got things to do I don't
like this hood listen thanks dog
go to sleep he froze him I said that
what's your favorite song at the moment
Ricky Dylan's a fun song has been stuck
in my head the past three days so that
one okay don't whine why are you really
whining
did you lose your rope it is one foot
from your face are you talking about
have you decorated for Christmas yet
Maddie I'm only decorated like what you
see when I shoot videos I have to shoot
a video today my talks about false bed
what are you doing he's so high right
now I'm not gonna give him any pain meds
tonight he's too weird laying on them if
he seems like using tape off he felt the
bed I was going to sleep early but sleep
is for the weak it is oh my god so it's
daylight savings change time only
happens in America right like no one
ever no one else would look up in the
world falls back or Springs forward
timewise except Arizona in a bear you
know
it's American the deficit words one day
I will find them uh what if my dog is
going crazy anyway uh we just fell back
in the time zone so we switched all our
clocks an hour backwards so at 2:00 a.m.
it stayed 2:00 a.m. for two hours
does that make sense anyway that just
happened in America and it's the worst
because it gets it was getting dark
about 6:00 and now it's between dark at
5:00 it's pitch black outside this 5:43
p.m. and it's annoying so I'm dealing
with that it's very sorry I know because
I love sunlight and I'm not gonna wake
up at 5:00 a.m. to see the sunlight it's
stupid sorry for those people who have
to do that or like doing that I'm not
sorry for you if you like doing it
there's no reason to be sorry but if you
have to you hate it I'm sorry but I hate
it so much
I think America doesn't in the United
States of America right no one else does
that do they for me
how does trick-or-treating with when the
legend a Braille I only went to one
house cuz it was the like 5:00 p.m. and
I was the only one of my family dressed
up because I just wanted to magically
he's only my family had a costume and
this lady comes knocks on the door and I
was a trick-or-treater and she was about
your Katrina is that this 40 year old
lady she was like what do you come
trick-or-treat at my house do kids with
you I was like no we don't have any kids
she was like your costume was like I am
so can you cut your tree at my house hey
are you trying to get out or eat my
brain dear do not eat my brain here
we've got all of this no eating my
reindeer anyway so can you just come
trick tree to my house this is one of
the spider webs ok so I her kids I what
I got from the situation when I went up
and rang the doorbell
her kids weren't allowed to go
trick-or-treating but they were allowed
to pass out candy in their costumes and
no one trick or treats on my parents
treat it's like dead when I was a kid
and I was allowed to trick-or-treat back
there's laughing on that Street it was
poppin but now people don't just go
willy-nilly two houses a trick-or-treat
it's more like a planned event like
people go to like parties or they go to
a street that is known for your
trick-or-treating and everyone just goes
to that Street and it's an event no one
just goes to random streets anymore
which is stupid because now my parents
Street is dead and I was I was ready to
pass out candy and - I can - three
people came to the door all night and my
mom and bought a bunch of candy and I
was dressed up and ready to pass it out
so won't do that again but that's why I
went you're treating I went to one house
because this lady asked me to go to her
house so their kids can pass someone
gave someone candy and then had a little
like doorbell thing with the thing on it
he's just pulling at himself in the
mirror boys they need out do you want to
leave oh do you want to see what's in
this side of the closet is that what
your issue is he likes having access to
both sides of the closet there's
daylight savings in Australia oh thank
you what do you guys have it because
when we when we apparently invented it
or invented it you did it it was for
farmers so they have more daylight in
the morning I don't that's what I've
been told but apparently now it's not
needed anymore and I think our East
Coast was voting or didn't vote whether
to get rid of it on the East Coast or
not I don't know how Arizona got away
was not doing it anymore damn smart Oh
Christopher says keep us updated about
blaze tomorrow I hate going to dentist I
feel his pain I've logged it and tweeted
that he has to get his tooth removed but
it's not happening tomorrow morning's
happening on Tuesday morning instead so
he chipped his front to it and he has to
get it pulled because like the nerves
exposed and stuff it's just no bueno
and it can get infected and all this
stuff so it's getting tooth pulled
he's gonna hate it he has to be at the
vet all day so I'm gonna get some stuff
done and I'm gonna get in this little
toys and a little blanket he'll get
spoiled don't worry
but yeah that's that's gonna second him
I love the whole thing because I'm
really good mom I'm going
trick-or-treating as a 26 year old - you
should it's fun
it's actually very awkward and you feel
not okay because you have no kids with
you I brought my parents with me but
that's it movies are TV Lizzie I like
binge watching TV shows dog you don't
fit you do not fit in there you don't I
think he sees a cockroach there
coverages that hang out in my closet I
hate this house he's not pawn it was a
cockroach she'd be calling at it
cute component to 60 houses I'm only
like three people gave me things I
stopped talking about trick-or-treating
is weird now that you have to go to a
designated neighborhood to get any candy
Nicholas I was I was so excited that's
like when I when I'm old enough and I
can trick or treat I'm gonna find out
I'm gonna go out of a good house I'm
gonna walk for hours and then by the
time I was left retreat he was just dead
all the neighborhood's were dead you're
not gonna find anything back there
unless it's a cockroach gonna kill it
have you finished stranger things Becky
asked me I finished season one and I'm
in the middle of season two and yeah
a lot of people there's got to be
something back there
um a lot of people hate spoilers and I
usually try to avoid them but with
stranger things don't send me spoilers
but like the fact that like I seen
pictures or I see things happening it
actually helps me because I am scared by
strange things and think it's a creepy
scary show but me knowing like oh this
person survives like I've seen them on
my timeline and a further episode and so
I know that they don't die in Sep so
therefore I'm not as scared that makes
sense so that means that I knew and I
knew what a cat was gonna die because I
saw a big music the people that deserve
better and one of them was a cat I was
like okay cats gonna die so like I knew
and make it just made it less scary for
me and I I yeah so I like kinda I don't
I don't Sydney spoilers on purpose but
when I accidentally see them I don't get
upset because I'm like ah now I won't be
a scared emesis half of Australia
doesn't do the time difference they
change thing you love what honey what is
that there that you want I swear to God
if it's a cockroach I don't even have
shoes on I need something to kill it
what's something I could kill a
cockroach with don't dare get Maddie for
kill a cockroach Internet honey I don't
want to get you a cockroach
I try to smash it with okay well there's
a bitch in that corner I'm sorry blades
I'll get it gross
that was so gross okay I need to kill it
I need to kill it
I know place all right hold on buddy oh
honey and thanks behind my kobe poster
we'll get it later we'll get it in the
minute I know so you thank you for
finding it and we'll get it but just not
right now
he's not gonna give up till he gets it
guys there's a cockroach okay okay I
know see see I know let's Google this
real quick our roaches okay dogs
well I think he got it I think he's
eating it I hope so okay it's fine for
my dog need a cockroach is he back there
I don't think he got it cuz he's still
back there if he ate it he'd come out
and spit it out and show me that he was
about to eat it guys this is a weird
time stream this got so weird did you
get it
if he ate he's not kiss me for like a
week guys this the suspense is killing
me as it did he eat it or not or do I
have to go kill a cockroach don't hurry
up from the road I will spray it with
some stuff I don't have any cockroach
spray now he's licking metal my god
ladies and gentlemen my dog go get a
shoe ID up
it's quarter you know what it could live
there I don't need that space I don't
you can have that space I don't need it
don't leave it don't need it he can have
it or she I don't know what to this I
use nice with really I tried to smash it
it's a dartboard by the way I tried to
smash it with dartboard I didn't get it
he seems I'm giving up on the area which
makes me think the cockroach isn't there
anymore and he's back in the area
never mind the cockroach is still there
our cockroach is like a city or West
Coast thing I've never seen them that's
because you live in a clean place ok ok
Coby ok ok I'm gonna let you get at it
what do you look around in for what I do
it ok I don't want to do this right now
boys
I don't see it I don't see it does act
like it doesn't exist he's still mad at
me he wants me to I don't want to I'm
pretty sure it like two nights ago or
three nights ago
there was a cockroach on this side that
we tried to get but failed and I'm
pretty sure it just ran to that side and
lives over there now I said come right
it's okay please we don't we don't need
it it can live there I promise if you
use hairspray they'll mobilise it so it
can't move but then my dog needs hair
spray don't listen to anyone else just
move out and go far away I'm drying
Becky he's letting me know I have a
cockroach but also he's letting me know
I have a cockroach
blaze eat it I don't think so he
wouldn't still be trying to get it if he
had eaten it he ate something else I'm
still safer my shoes on but I'm gonna
make shoes hold on
okay okay okay
come on walking stick do you need to
smell this there's no cockroach on it do
you smell it
it's jamming crap roaches alright okay
ready
hey you want to be ready too
this isn't a one-man show right step it
up
no it's not on that okay is it back in
here use your nose I open for a reason
use your nose is the cockroach still in
there you're acting like it's on the
dartboard I'm stressing out
alright I'm gonna let you sniff it out
and you let me know where the
cockroaches like your fault I got this
cut this uh walking stick in
kindergarten and I still own it someone
in kindergarten no first rate first
grade some of the first grade gave it to
me I like it okay you'll clearly don't
know where the cockroach is because
you're sniffing everything else don't
lick my stick it's not going to come out
and I'm going to cry no it's gonna come
out I'm going to Christ listen I have to
kill this thing
I'm literally watching blaze only and
Canada does daylight savings too
it's stupid right okay go sniff it out
buddy go sniff it out you let me know
it's not on the dart board it's not on
the dart board
I'm so stressed okay okay sniffing it
out me sniffing it out yes it smell it
in there anymore it's not anymore
anyway why do you have a Walkingstick
thing in Kinnick why did you have a
Walkingstick thinking right listen one
of my friends I don't know if her family
made it or something I don't quite know
but like my name is engraved in it and
I'm just like why this is cool why would
I throw I'm a hoarder i hoard things but
anyway I have no clue why she gave it to
me but it was like weirdly my favorite
present so I get this and now I do
things like cockroaches with it are you
going to be doing a giveaway during
vlogmas this year I was thinking about
it I got one of those stamps that has my
return address on it because listen I
hate writing so filling out this Saint
might return address a million times
over and over again it envelopes it was
boring me
but now I got myself a nifty little
stamp with my return address on it so
I'm just stamp envelopes which is gonna
make me want to send things out so I
might do it I might be that I still need
to pick a winners for the last set of
headshots didn't I say I'm do that I'm
sure I did nice yeah why was I giving up
the headshots what did you have to do
did you have to do anything I don't
remember what were the rules so I give
away I'm the worst
I had picked all the winners and I just
put them in new tabs and then I
accidentally forced quick all of the
internet and so all those tabs over my
time to read pick so I was on it then I
failed don't sniff me like the
cockroaches on me dog
it's stressing me out that's an amazing
gift I know right it's a cool gift this
is scary than Halloween I know this is
my life don't like it talk about the
blue apron box we've seen your closet
hashtag not add but we did blue apron
for like two months and did not like it
so don't believe in hands you see unless
they sponsor me
no I actually wouldn't do it they the
meals there's like you have to pick four
of six or eight meals or whatever but
only two
but you can't pick the two good ones in
the same thing it's I didn't like it I
didn't think the meals were that great
and I heard a lot of thought a lot of
like recalls it come having to do with
like animals kept happening and I don't
know I just I wasn't a big fan of it
some people really do like it I think
but I wasn't a huge fan of blue apron it
wasn't a matter I just did it to try it
I think the rules we just had to tweet
out your video sounds like a good rule
you had tweet out your favorite part of
blazes Halloween costume video Thank You
Becky
that's a GAD to do you still haven't
chosen people for the headshots okay
Lucy 13 I did for the lab done this is
the second oh no it's under this is
fuzzy okay just a buzz I am on edge okay
anyway I did I this is my second round
of headshots giveaway at high school
months I sent out the first round of
headshots and I know some people are to
go so they got it doesn't match that's
done um this is the second round so
don't stop eating my stick this is for
college and walking quick question why
would someone give you a walking stick
of first grade I don't know but I
enjoyed it that was cool original I knew
no one else was going to give me one so
then we're in duplicate this is nice
thing for you to chew on start this is
my stick hi hi
did you ever switch majors when you were
in college because I'm thinking of
switching my but I don't know yes I
actually applied to college as a econ
major and then right before I got there
um so they accepted me as an econ major
and then right before I went like a week
before I went I was like I went to econ
it's stupid so I switched to a film
major and then did one semester of film
and realized it was not my jam it was it
was like classes of just this is gonna
sound so annoying but it was just I had
to sit in three our classes watching
silent films and learning about stuff I
didn't care about and I was like this
isn't the kind of I love videos I love
filming videos and stuff but I it wasn't
my jam so uh the first semester I was a
film major and then I switched second
semester to psychology in a second
psychology for three years for that hi
hi can I help you
just jump it up here no I know you
you're gonna click a button and ruin the
whole life string Yushu or destroyed
this is my stick
now your stick that's what I thought
anyway so yeah can I help you unless
you're back there to give me a massage I
suggest getting off
you're cute but you're not having my
steak this is mine
will you take cute pictures Christmas
pictures of blades Gus and Daisy you
have an on same time my dog is a dick I
will say and he does not do well with
cats and which breaks my heart and I
wish what are you going I wish it wasn't
so but he doesn't do well with cats so I
can't I'll do them separately and I
don't think we should
Gus and Daisy don't eat my kitchen
center you're being a butt-head right
now you were asleep on the couch I came
in here do last ring with you got hyper
breath anyway
oh I should probably sign off soon I
joined high so if I'm about to leave I
saw the cockroach run weight recently
like six since we have it debacle like
when the debacle happened you saw it
where's the cockroach you better not be
playing with my emotions
please find a cockroach didn't run to
that side is that why he's looking there
oh my god I'm stressed
guys this isn't fun for me still back
there
he's sniffing for it I hate this I hate
this so much
okay alright okay no that is a picture
of Kobe Kobe Bryant
you're scratching Kobe's face I don't
want to do this
listen there's no cockroach lazy plastic
cockroach you lost it there you lost it
unless it's on the back of the picture
wait guys
did you see the cockroach they're
trolling you okay well there's no
cockroach in that corner so it's
somewhere in my closet I didn't see it
all right okay yeah I don't believe in
you know you saw her no I saw it
now he's licking the kobe poster you
scratched his face didn't Reilly don't
you eat my Christmas decorations there's
just a cockroach in my closet just
roaming around having a good time
probably throwing a party
cute okay
cockroach thing is doing me stress might
not even there
Elleni anything I feel now my daughter's
gonna go explore that corner
sniffing it out
okay i legit this side Clarence Hudson I
don't believe you would you send me
video breath and then I will
everyone set one to the door so did not
fall under the door you sent me a video
proof I believe you otherwise I don't
believe you
who found outrage before it's too late
oh no he's scratching at this side now
is the Cochran's over here now this
whole wide stream was turned into
alright you ready to look for a
cockroach
are you ready nice on over there okay
nope don't see that see it you see it
lets see it
you're worthless you're worthless
alright guys I think we should stop do
you casually have a bag your closet yes
I casually have a bat in my closet this
is my from t-ball it's a kid's back but
it's like a good I like it it's like hey
hey hey
don't look at me like that wait leave it
you guys
yeah you're not gonna listen to me
anyway what it's a good like imagine if
an intruder comes at you what do you
want this little thing you can just
there's something a huge bat like come
on anyway it's also just smoke on the
hold cuz it's not huge anyway uh I'm
gonna sign off now I will let you guys
know my vlog if I ever catch this
cockroach or kill it
um I just feel it crawling on me it's
not fun if you did see it crawl
somewhere I need the video proof of it
so I can go find it anyway I love you
guys I'm signing off thanks hanging out
with me you're all beautiful and I'll
see you tomorrow to vlog and Tuesday
from HLN vlog all things off man miss a
moment and live stream every Saturday
now we'll do Saturdays at Rachel's okay
other guys fine
