morning handsome so blaze has decided to
crack his tooth and ask to go to the vet
so it's that thing
look I'm sorry is that bug you so it's
like his tooth got cracked and then the
bottom part is still attached to
something the bottom part Wiggles and
the top part doesn't it's really gross
but he has to go to the vet he has an
appointment in an hour so I think he has
to skip the hay our K today because we
won't have time because I have to go to
Bailey's birthday party tonight she's
having a Christmas themed birthday party
she is a Ballinger anyway this is gonna
go to the vet we'll go in like 40
minutes okay dude I got him pet
insurance the greatest investment I've
ever made
so please do want to tell me how you uh
chipped your tooth how'd you do it was
it when you ran into the sliding glass
door six times face-first
I feel so bad about how they take a
dog's temperature they stick a
thermometer up their butthole I'm sorry
dude I'm pretty sure they're gonna have
to take his tooth out which means he's
gonna have to fast overnight I know all
right that finally came in and he has to
get his front tooth pulled Monday
morning so he's gonna have pain meds for
the weekend and then he gets his cold -
honey we got away you got away
so he'll forever be toothless he's just
forever not gonna have a tooth in his
front and it's going to look hilarious
and I'm very excited for it but very sad
or how annoying this is gonna be for him
I'm sorry handsome I'm sorry so I'm a
Christopher in Jessica's for Bailey's
party and Christopher is making a fire
in a suit
okay so for Bailey's birthday if you
guys have watched Christopher's or Feliz
law this has already been explained but
for Bella's birthday she wants to be
able to feed Duncan his first solid food
so they mixed avocado on water that's a
juicer Christopher making and they're
about to feed it to
watching four minutes later everyone
left he did it show monkey you're done
you can turn in for the night
all right listen to this vlog I forgot
to close it out and I'm editing in 6
o'clock at night posting it very late
yeah I blogged much anyway Bailey had a
great birthday party I didn't spend much
time with her cuz all of her friends
with her and she sees me all the time
and the friends are more important at
the parties let's be real here but she
was cute Christopher blog : vlog so you
can check out those box I think they're
already up or no Coleen's isn't how
Chris resists but following new details
below if you did know about them I'm
tired I know it tomorrow I don't think
there'll be a vlog I think they'll do it
all do a livestream I did that last year
to give myself a break of vlogging for a
day I do a livestream so I think I'm
gonna do a live should be there every
Saturday every Sunday no but it'll be
tomorrow which is Sunday I hear my dog
running oh seem like you're exhausted
from something what do you do
why are you wet question of the day
always alright that's it I love you guys
and I'll see you Mar okay buddy
