say good morning blaze good morning vlog
missed a - I spent the morning editing
and posting my Thursday video and now
I'm watching a sports channel so you'll
hear things in the background now I'm
trying to figure out lunch at 2:30 p.m.
because that's how my life is
you'd think I'd figure my life out by
now you'd be wrong so clean asked me to
come over to this evening because
Christmas
it's way later than the day I haven't
gotten anything today about dog park and
work on my eyes computer clean I was
like hey come over I'm making Christmas
tree shaped pasta and decorating for
Christmas I was like this is normal this
is normal it ain't even cold outside
never fun
in a negative light under this urn look
at the wall Christmas trees bullying
thought oh and she hit me Christmas
music it's Darwin ladies Oh
okay so it's the next morning but
alright Coulee but Colleen you blaze the
present yesterday and it's this and she
wanted me to vlog him in it and I forgot
to last night because I got home and
started watching stranger things instead
of working so I have dog
say hi dog and now we're gonna put a
minute yes got you this alright stop
calm down can you sit on there you love
eating these costume after you're done
wearing and don't you okay stay there
boy can you wait wait yeah you're about
to know what the Christmas spirit is
okay this is a hanger that no one wants
in life ties and belts I feel like wait
wait please
look here Pinta hey gem hey dub hey dub
he ate that he hates it Laine Hanson sit
sit No get it off me Mom it's all I know
that birds bird I'm not supposed to be
wearing this okay all right I didn't
know you were such a Christmas hater
jeez Louise
let go drop it you will get this back
when you learn how to appreciate
Christmas your disgrace to this family I
love you well there it was I when I have
some food I'll put him in it into a
little photo shoot I don't want to keep
feeding them treats just for wearing
clothes what is this what is this I love
you you can go free if you'd like thank
you for your services all right that's
it for this vlog I love you guys bye
