okay so I just announced vlogmas I just
put up my vlog good morning hi mama
welcome the second day of limas so okay
good good reactions on the Twitter's
that's why I know what's going on in
life of you guys like anything it's the
Twitter's anyway so I wasn't planning on
going back to Santa Barbara today
because I was just there yesterday for
Halloween but Colleen wants to go watch
the World Series with my dad she
basically is not in town all of November
and wants to get in as much family time
as she possibly can so she's like sports
not the reason people get together right
so we're all going back I think Matt's
gonna stay home though cuz to Santa
Barbara drives two days in a row a lot a
little bum place he is a bum he's the
lazy's bum in all the land
he'll go with me but yeah I'm just gonna
get stuff done before I leave I think I
should film a video before I go that's
probably smart I also have an idea for
an Instagram picture one posted a but
let's see if I get all of this done I
also have to eat because it's move 13 so
yeah no that's my life for today editing
the vlog I was like oh I have to
actually lock like put things in the
footage I forgot but I very barely blog
anymore so I have to get back into the
spirit y'all okay this is me getting
back into the spirit doll alright I had
lunch it's about two o'clock I'm gonna
leave in an hour to go to Santa Barbara
and Colin's taking the train she wants
to go later than me and I'm Shrive her
back get out of my way dog
hey do not eat my reindeer that is
off-limits I've never had a dog during
Christmas he's gonna eat all my
decorations isn't he anyway I'm about to
film a video well the first part of the
video blaze you can sniff but don't you
dare bite but it's my first video of
November so I had to change my
background through my videos it's real
jank real simple but I wanted to change
it and I don't have a lot of time so I
will make it better but for now that's
what my background is all right time to
film all right me and Blais made it to
SB he is busy playing with Cinderella
they are best friends just best friends
he doesn't care about anybody or
anything when he's here all he wants to
do is play with that dog the play so
gentle and lovingly my dad just texted
me a picture of the Dodgers he has no
idea I'm here I'm also feeding a Bubba
where's the oh here Ness I just gave you
your food no I'm not you're so old Bubba
there's your food nom nom I was taking
pictures of Bubba the beetle my mom was
like I ain't gonna take any pictures off
my chickens so now I got to take for
some chickens hello
I hear a big dog big dog probably
shouldn't video my neighbor's yard okay
it's 503 but I still don't work but he
shouldn't be heading home soon he's
gonna see my car when he pulls up this
is the ultimate surprise guys I come to
Santa Barbara and surprise my parents
like every 4 seconds ok greedy we are
being so lame I moved my cars so he
couldn't see it and I mom is tracking
him on her phone and we know exactly
where he is and I'm hiding and I'm gonna
jump out and scare him because I'm an
evil person we're just so lame this is
the lamest thing we've ever done we're
bored we're bored my family writes notes
on paper plates and my family uses paper
plates we're in the middle of watching
the game and it's just not going well
this is the World Series game 7 first
time in my lifetime what Dad are you
laughing at me it's just disappointing
that they're not performing well for me
are you upset about this yes you know we
could've got free oh yes because they
stole a base in like the first second
third game I remember
it was the other team stole the bass so
Trent got his free taco today it was
free taco day but you go again and get
another free taco but what if you went
to a different Taco Bell that is
possible you get tacos all day it is
free it seems that they do well when I'm
vlogging so I think I need to just keep
blog get the ball okay I was wrong they
don't do well what I'm vlogging
Christopher's showing up to it's a party
offer my dad
there's only Oh Khalid shut up
everyone's here we're having fun but the
powders are drastically loosen up so now
we're in a good luck charm you're not
the good luck charms because when you
showed up they got three home runs but
then I showed up and they struck
somebody else oh and Jake jammed Parker
your friend no idea why he's so mad
