hey y'all I am with this dude yo it's me
yeah and all his children and Jessica
say but she's in the house I said in all
the children you are his children are
you think so much a little like no it's
still morning to me gonna tear that out
before you start block 11:20 don't tell
me what I gotta do sad like you lie and
sometimes open your vlogs in the middle
of the afternoon and say good morning
everybody but I don't do it like this
good with you I just yell at you bro
we're going to the pumpkin patch and
that's what we're doing it's only
focusing on Jacob there we go
I likes you good rude we're going to the
pumpkin patch though and it is 97
degrees outside fine
hi guy are you a pumpkin new you a
pumpkin birth pumpkin patch but we're
doing everything but actually look at
the pumpkins otherwise this is parent
tips okay sorry if you do the pumpkins
right away the kids are parting their
pumpkins around and they're like why
carry my pumpkin and they get all
weirded out like there's actually no one
here and they freak out people are gonna
steal their pumpkin so it's a pumpkin
last all right this is happening right
now
watch this love-hate relationship Duncan
hands with this juice loves it hates it
but maybe one more time loves it loves
it oh yes this is look now I hate you I
hate you don't look at me just come back
for little kiss out now but shouldn't we
shouldn't we shan't we said we must on
seas on his way believe me
are you looking for a friend that's not
afraid to climb to high places like
right there for example well let me
introduce you to go goats are wonderful
pets but even better friends they give
you milk and leaves lovely bleeds
No
hello and welcome to the commercial for
pump quick it was a hundred degrees the
whole time we're at the pumpkin patch it
was 100 degrees my neck is still wet but
I had fun the kids were cute I got some
cute pictures of their family and some
of the in Duncan and Jesse took but I'm
on the way home I'm gonna grab me and
that's the food you don't care but
that's just what I do I'm grabbing up
some food and then I'm basically just
throwing blaze in the car and driving to
Santa Barbara because the World Series
started last night daughters well
there's other game tonight and my dad
really wants to wash it with me but I
don't think any of you guys know my dad
broke his left ring finger his ring
finger on his left hand he's playing
time for the kids he slipped fell broke
his finger and yesterday you had to get
the screw inserted in do like his
knuckle to fix it and so he's basically
on pain meds and laying it on the couch
just watching TV all day and he really
wanted to drive down and watch it with
me today the game and I was like no
you're not allowed to go anywhere and
she texted me and she's like please will
you come watch the game with your father
I was like yes of course
so I'm gonna drive to Santa Barbara and
watch the game with my dad I'll bring
blaze he'll play with Cinderella the
backyard he loves it
but that's my plan and Christopher said
he wanted to go as well about a boat
he'll end up making it when you have
more kids it's hard to do anything good
so I think he's gonna bring Parker and
Jacob with him but I don't know that
I'll end up happening because he's got
the family and jobs and things to do
that sort of do it probably won't but
I'll check this guy's had his blinker on
the past like 10 15 minutes he's merging
into the left lane apparently that
doesn't exist
good job guy good job all right place
you ready for grandma's very good
agreement do reiko-san Barbara see
grandpa so excited we're on our way
I almost convinced Kalina vote she was
always there but shouldn't she was like
I haven't slept 48 hours and I would
just be asleep the whole time and grumpy
oh look who's hot it's a hundred degrees
everywhere in California right now sound
corny hot degrees in Santa Barbara in LA
all the places in between it's a hundred
degrees here today and it's hot and not
October at all which I'm upset about hey
let's watch the World Series of famous
in the role the whole time the backyard
house good news mom dude I'm so excited
I'm gonna play with they don't Bravo mom
can you stop telling them my thoughts
please so it's the seventh inning and
I've given everyone in my family who was
here one of these baseball tees that
need my merch it's my merch dad how's
your finger I haven't talked and
crackerjacks if your voice doesn't break
while singing and crackerjacks
you're you're just lying to yourself
don't know about why you're wrong you're
doing it wrong that's what I wanted to
say you're doing it wrong anyway
dodge is right by two if you didn't know
and that's all okay goodbye
