I'm out with Colleen and Cory at the
mall shopping Coulee needs a dress I
need a dress Cory needs a dress we all
need a dress or in stores that I won't
buy things at because they're too
expensive for me to only wear it once so
yes
all right so when I last left you I was
at the mall to get a dress for Colin's
premiere but today is two days later and
I'm on my way to the ball again by
myself to get shoes on a clutch and a
phone not a phone charger my laptop
charger Sam one got the cord the charger
for like Peter stuck in the up-and-down
mechanism for the chairs the lazy boy
chairs at my house so it got crushed the
charger got refreshed just that's cute
so I have to get a new charger I also
needed a phone but I want one
I'd like I just wish it would work so I
think I'm gonna go in and be like my
phone it's only a few months old which
is annoying I know it's an older version
but that phone itself is only a few
months old also I want to get shoes
casual sneakers with good insoles
because if you followed my blogs for a
long time do you remember that in Hawaii
last time I was in Hawaii
I got like lanterns something or other
in my foot it sounds gross it's just
you're up straining your foot basically
and I discovered it again it happened
again when I went to the beach last week
with my dog and my dog park friends and
I realize I get it whenever I walk on
sand so now my foots in a lot of pain
remember I walk especially in the
mornings and the only thing to fix it
it's just like stress your foot and get
some shoes that are good so I think I'm
gonna get some good like casual seekers
I know that's kind of in right now I
actually don't know anything right now
so I don't feel bad about wearing a
casual sneaker with normal clothes
anyway so that's what I'm doing I have
my eye on some
never thought I'd say this before in my
life some like white pink fish Medina's
sentence I've never said we'll see we'll
see let's go have some not fun at the
mall because it's the moment better than
the crafts store I've been shopping for
an hour I'm over this
there's a shoe there's two shoes I
really want I was trying to find them
cheaper so I went through the whole mall
trying to find a similar kind cheaper
there's done that every shoe in the
world cost $80 now that's just what it
is I give up
I finally was like okay I'm gonna spend
the money I'm gonna get the shoes I want
and I did not my size so I came to
Macy's because I know they had them they
don't have my size
guys I'm giving up but I'm just gonna go
barefoot and clutchless and hat my feet
broken and it's just what's gonna happen
I bought some really expensive Steve
Madden shoes Steve Madden what have you
say I don't know for $90 which is too
much money and they weren't exactly what
I want but it'll do
I can't go barefoot to my sister's
premiere I still need a clutch but I'm
hoping clean as when the man said on the
buy clutch because I just spent $90 on
shoes and then I was like I still need
shoes to help my foot and I hated all
the shoes and footlocker and all the
things like that
and so I went to freakin Ross cuz baby I
trust full lips and I found a pair of
Nikes that are ugly but there are only
$40 and they support my foot so my foot
is supported with good quality for cheap
price m/s I am at Colleen's 11:40 p.m.
11:43 and Christopher's here I am here
and John Webber and Cory's over here and
I don't know where Colinas but haters
comes off and comes out in 17 minutes
Howard your ankle anyway so I'm here
we're gonna watch the whole thing some
of the things I don't know I don't think
we're
nothing I'm not saying it football
either 1 minute 1 minute 30 seconds Oh
way too close to my face I like it it's
not even focus like there it is now it's
too close to my face you're welcome I'm
freaking out
I'm ready turn it on turn it on turn it
on I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
oh my god they're not starting it I'm
ready oh my god what time is it 12:09
and we still have a start that yeah the
little princess
okay we just watched the first four
episodes and it was it's amazing but
it's chewy oh I'm exhausted I know a lot
of you are staying up to watch the whole
thing but I'm going to bed cuz I got a
premiere to go to tomorrow I know it's
so watch it like a couple months so it
was weird to watch it again I was like
the first two episodes it takes a while
because miranda has like fix all the
problems three or four I'm like oh yeah
yeah I like that's it
I was in it twice already three times oh
my three parts already happened dad was
in it Congrats Christopher thank you no
you're not no you're just wrote that
yeah he just wrote it I start on that
you're at the premiere place for the
premiere thing is gonna happen yeah it's
way before we're here setting up but if
we're not actually doing thing we're
doing this so that's what we're doing
we're looking for hoping to start I'm
starving I one of the main things the
giant taco
and then an entertainment you can't eat
the tacos
okay that's kid in it and it's made of
fabric oh oh
