howdy how y'all doing
let me tweet huh let's see if any of you
show up but it min ounce this that's
pretty late in the day so I don't know
if anyone's gonna be able to hang with
me cuz I'll to show up no big deal
Tiffany hunch the first person I saw how
lazy he just licked it outlet and it
shocked him
Oh also have a little sit right here
happening in between my eyeballs so
that's cute
he I took him to the park today and
usually that's as much energy as he
needs to get out and then for summers
for the past hour it's been running in
circles crazy hyper and I came in here
and he ran in here jump on my futon with
an outlet and then yelps really loudly
afterwards so I can only assume that it
shocked him and sorry fixing my armchair
then it shocked him and so maybe he's
learned his lesson it's not too late
unless let's hope so but he's okay he's
fine
I gave him hugs afterwards how is today
that's life hashtag Saturdays at
Rachel's everybody latest Lucy says I
can hang with you yes you can't Lucy Mac
attack says I'm at Target what do you
want from Target I was just there I got
everything I needed today middle the
snack surprised me whatever you think I
need come on people use that hashtag
doctor asks how my day was my day has
been none it's not hectic not it just I
really I woke up at 8:00 with the dog
then I fell back to sleep at 9:00 and
then slept till 10:00
as one does and then I just been hanging
out yeah that's pretty much it I went to
the store I went to the dog park that's
it I've had a very lazy day and I'm okay
with it I also want to target I did that
you know sometimes you just go and do
nothing in the day that's my day today
I'm doing stuff tomorrow though I have
somewhat of a life Kaylie said she just
got back from a man contest and won good
job Kaylie
good job what instrument do you play hmm
are you going to clean show on December
3rd and Honolulu Hawaii I love you so
much cam I'm planning on it but the
ticket is not booked it's like an 85%
chance I'm going I might go and book the
ticket and it's way too much money and
I'm like oh but I really want to go and
I'm planning on going down there I go to
the Hawaii ones every year so I plan on
not breaking that tradition I'm not
working for this livestream yay well
Tyler I did it just for you right this
is way later than I usually live stream
but I was gonna livestream today earlier
and I just didn't want to but I knew I
was gonna live show at some point states
and I'll say I'll didn't 9:00 p.m. and
that was like you're gonna do it when
everyone's asleep but nothing okay fine
I'll do it
dude where'd you get your glasses from
I'm probably so late haha Gabby I don't
think I really noticed it I think I
might have said it once I got them from
a glasses store down the street there
what brand are they Giorgio Armani but I
just got them from a random glasses shop
but the Giorgio money they're kind of
expensive but I wanted to get glasses
that I actually really liked and would
wear
because I don't I didn't ever wear
glasses before these ones because I
never actually liked my glasses because
I got them for like cheap places that
weren't cute and so fine I'll spend a
lot of money yeah these are $300 there's
a lot of money to spend on glasses like
Cole I'm not gonna lie but now I wear
them like every day I barely ever wear
contacts anymore the only time I wear
contacts is when I film videos and it's
because the ring light reflects too much
off of glasses so I can't wear them
while I film that's all I also go when I
also want to play sports gotta wear
contacts when you play sports you should
go to Colleen's New York City show on
April 8th uh I don't think I'll go cuz
that's a little tour and that she would
be going with my birthday and I don't
think I want to be done on my birthday I
think I'd want to I wanna be home with
my dog and a boy and the rest of my
family so yeah I don't think I'll go
just because I don't want to miss my
birthday here
where's blaze well Lexie he ran away
because he licked about less so he
doesn't wanna be here anymore
hi from China David tan you're from
China that's cool oh you're in China I
don't know if you're from there
Sophie asks also how do you shave your
armpits and get all the little hairs
what do you mean you shave it I have
very thin fine hair under my armpits so
I know a lot of girls have issues where
they shaved their armpits that it's
still parry there
I just am very lucky and have very good
armpit hair appreciate the little things
on your body please learn to appreciate
the little blades going to do a special
dance performance wish me luck good luck
Rosie good luck on your special dance
performance
it's Halloween your least favorite
holiday I know it's not Caroline my
least favorite holiday is New Year's Eve
and the Valentine's Day not because I'm
bitter because I am in love and have a
human but those days I feel there is so
much pressure to have fun and
huge party or do something cute too
romantic and it's too much pressure
because I don't like romance well like
I'm not against it but I'm not one
that's like you my name is something
romantic or I not want to plan something
romantic so Valentine's Day is up left a
holiday for me and in New Year's Eve
it's just so much pressure to stay up
till midnight and also to drink and I
don't want to do that
I guys I've been in bed like by 11:00
every day fastly I don't think I'm gonna
make it to midnight on New Year's Eve I
don't know I just I never had a fun New
Year's Eve and since I was like a kid
when I was a kid and I'd my
cousin's would come but as an adult
since I've turned like 18 I have not had
a fun New Year's Eve they've been it's
been some fine ones but there's been
ones where I literally didn't do
anything just absolutely nothing it's
just too much pressure so I think New
Year's Eve is my least favorite holiday
just in all honesty I actually
Valentine's Day and that always gets me
either a fruit tart or chocolate-covered
strawberries so that's its that's that
definitely beats New Year's Eve always
fine people dress up what color's the
shoes so if he says okay this shoe has
been going around they either pink or
white or gray and teal one at first I
saw a gray in teal and then I saw the
original version because this is stupid
they messed with the coloring to mess
with your brain this wasn't on accident
I like the ones that are on accidents
this was one was to mess with you it put
it sealed tint to the whole thing so
once I saw the original I can now see
both if I focus I can see the pink and
white or if I focus a certain other way
I can see the teal and gray or the tan
and teal it depends how you look at it
but yeah I can see you what you do is
you focus on the hand and then you
imagine what a can color is supposed to
be and then you can see the pink of
white or you look at how weird the color
it goes on the hand and then you can see
it's just it's a stupid one I don't like
this one the dress was epic because it
was an accident
and I saw the trance is a correct color
just so you all know his blades meant
Daisy yet makeup mica mica know what
your name is
um they met through the sliding glass
door cookies she's too tiny
not that you would eat her but he could
what he does is he jumps he jumps he
jumps a lot and if you were to land on
her he's 55 pounds
he crushed her so they're not allowed to
like be face to face for a while but I
did bring him over to Colleen's and
stuck him in the backyard for a minute
and they met through the glass so he's
seen her but they haven't they're not
gonna play she's too tiny
do you watch intervention no I did not
Emma what are you drinking well Lucy I'm
drinking um butcher butcher the trilogy
one that's all I just had a craving for
I was at the grocery store I was like
hey I'm at the grocery store might as
well buy it
Gaby says I have long hair like you and
I'm wondering this year's always get
knotted mine does when it's down I mean
I'm like not that much actually my hair
doesn't get knotted I guess it depends
on the texture of your hair um I have
finer hair I think and it's not super
wavy if they give you about like curly
wavy hair I guess it would get stuck but
not really brush it in the coma in the
morning when it's wet and then this is
it I blow dried my hair today though so
that's a step up in the world
New Year's Eve I drink water cuz I'm a
pure lady and fish I love the Lord
you know what Alexis I don't drink that
much I don't think I drink last night no
I didn't drink last year do uh in high
school you know high school you know
they still write everyone thinks that
they need to drink in high school which
they don't I didn't drink in high school
but I had a New Year's Eve my senior
year I hung out with a bunch of my
friends I knew didn't drink and I bought
us all the little sparkling apple cider
but the personal bottles so it felt like
we're drinking like little bottles of
beer or champagne or whatever and I
bought like a 12-pack of those and we
all drink those so we it was a hope you
feel cool or something I don't know but
we didn't drink but we had a lot of fun
and I think we we actually ended up
having to go rescue drunk our drum
friends at parties that's how we
actually spend that New Year's Eve was
picking up our drum friends so that's
cool if you don't drink you end up being
the DD and holding back a lot of hair
would you like to have your own Netflix
no splash special well transparent
Justin I guess I mean I don't find them
that's a lot I mean I wouldn't say no if
someone offered it to me obviously I
could say no but I don't think that's
something I'm gonna go out and chase
down because it's not a dream of mine I
hear my dog at my door and there's the
scratching oh hi how are you don't lick
the outlet again I'm walking down the
street can I ask to take a picture with
you I really hope that situation happens
yeah Caroline of course I'm just walking
down the street if I'm on the phone and
I'm screaming at someone wait till them
off the phone because I'm in the middle
scream at someone oh yeah you can come
up and say hi yeah from in the grocery
store just don't come knocking on the
front door I bet no one has actually has
so that's nice but yeah if I'm out in
public I'm fair game I'm fair game I'm
so challenge my hair's always damaged
and breaking love tomato I just want to
answer your question because your name's
tomato
what are you getting clean Curtis your
hair's always damaged to bring it well
how do you take care of it maybe look
into your hair's living life how you
what are you sniffing for you're a
troublemaker some I have no sense for
you I don't know i what i went to my
hairstylist human this new human I've
gone to is Cory's friend he we spent a
half hour what he was just playing with
my hair to get a feel for my hair and
then just asking me about my life and
getting to know my hair it was really
weird but I learned a lot about here the
whole time
okay you're gonna see my socks and
you're gonna make fun of my socks in the
reflection because I know you guys
listen I'm wearing half socks so they
don't show them the shoes this is normal
every time I show that I'm wearing hats
socks is something so they don't show in
my shoes some are just not gonna ban
them haters anyway but my three hour
haircut was also a three hour lesson on
hair so I came home I ordered new
shampoo conditioner a new brush a new
blow-dryer and he's not getting
commission off of it at all it's not
like he worked for a company or anything
they're random brands that he just was
like you need to get this not that you
didn't care about a brand but he just
said the type of hair brush so I learned
a lot about hair and I'm hoping my hair
starts getting better blaze what are you
doing
looks like you about to be what's down
there what stop staring at me stop it
are those deepers on your socks there
you go
well you have not due to the pumpkin
carding video this year
I don't think so Katie I asked him but
he said no hold on I gotta get my stuff
out of this room
you're I know you you're about to start
trouble I know you and your little
children making faces
go find your ball animals all have a
tell they're terrible at poker
don't scratch at the door all right I'll
be silent will you ever get another dog
yes
there's your name Michaela okay that is
a different way to spell that I don't
know if you hear a chicken store they
scratching at the door no you're just
gonna act like you didn't want to come
in you're gonna look away now I sit down
so you come in close the door again
but you know that you're being a but
being a button penis by accident yep yep
being a but stop being a button thank
you yeah do you watch Riverdale no I
don't
what's your bedtime huh lately I've been
going to bed or getting ready for bed
around 11:00
but what's midnight hits Matt come to
the living room goes it's bedtime and I
go to bed he doesn't go to bed at
midnight he was a better like to but at
midnight back to the bed cuz this little
effort wakes me up between 7:00 and 8:00
every day what youtubers do you watch
beside your family uh Joey Graceffa
mamrie race Ricky I'm old school err I
like my arse wise a jenna soundlyawake
philip defranco I'm trying to just
remember what's the mighty I've watched
a lot of people I tried so many people I
don't know
and all school or where I like watching
people that were whoa what is this
I don't know how to say it so like
there's a bunch of new people that I I
while I appreciate their stuff I don't I
don't watch a lot of it there's just too
many people out there today oh I just
clicked on my Safari
no one likes Safari get out of here but
as you seen content favorite character
from haters back off you licked my tools
it depends on the episode every I mean I
think each character just kills from
what I've seen this I haven't seen much
of season two yet but what I have seen I
steep little kills it in some parts I
know I know you'll watch it don't worry
you'll watch it I know it just depends
on the episode I think they're all
genius in their own way I think was
written amazingly but I think Steve
little definitely kills it a few times
the second season rachel is the closet
open because of the mirror Graceland um
it's open because I opened it and was
too lazy to close it I guess that's all
it depends
usually it's closed the other way
because when he sits on the futon he
winds up himself in the mirror so
usually this parts closed and that press
open
but somehow you know life happens guys
why can't you just leave the door open
subways can come and go well great
because Matt is watching TV in the
living room and I don't think you want
to hear the TV noise from there I'm sure
he doesn't wanna hear me yelling about
nothing in here because I deal it him
Bailey about nothing so this is you
stars but I'm not yelling
now I'm yelling at you instead just
you're licking your arm but also
simultaneously my hand and it's weird Oh
what's blaze gonna be for Halloween
actually I haven't decided I think
someone gave me an idea to DIY his
costumes so I think I might do that for
Tuesdays and Thursdays video but I
haven't decided what I wanted to be what
do you want to be probably less handsome
what do you wanna be for homie gonna be
a bumblebee you know be Batman be a
bunny I do wanna be a kitten
you didn't seem to be amazed by any of
those suggestions figure out your own
costume then I might have to get
contacts any tips well super big names I
can't pronounce
why I can't dig these Davis dig deep
James what is your name
contacts there they are great but tips
don't wear them longer than you're
supposed to always keep them clean and
don't be scared to stick your finger in
your eyeball
that's basically it you're mad at me
because every position you you're not as
comfortable is that your issue thank you
anything all righty I see you I see you
I see you put your mouth no one likes a
mouth breather
I'm a mouth breather it's where you get
it from yeah all right go play you're
being distracted it's been all day with
you almost been in like a half-hour 45
mins with them what did you want to do
when you were a little girl transparent
Justin what do you think what I want to
be like what I wanted to do during the
day play outside play in my tree house
tend to be a spy I wanted to be a spy I
wanted to be in the Marines
hi you just sitting right there just
I mean you wanna come back up yes this
dog just you're needy you're needy
you're cleaning you're needy lucky for
you that's how I like my minute okay all
right
make him be a carrot I'd be funny
all right okay everyone's asked me if
I'm confident polling shows I don't know
guys I have no idea which shows him
coming she just announced the dates I
haven't even really looked at them I
just saw that she will be gone on my
birthday and I owe that's it I don't
know what shows me coming to have
nothing booked yet so that overall
answer to that question I don't I don't
know what shows I'm going to probably
the Hawaii ones and then but as for the
new ones that just came out I have no
idea yet I'm a mouth breather - right so
we are not blatant breathers are the
ugliest sleepers in the world and I hate
it because I am one of them just it's
not pretty it's not pretty
do you want to did you want to do the
rest of this place does you want to do
the rest of this livestream for me are
you trying to type on stop don't lick
the computer you're being annoying I see
you I see you there you are all right hi
I see you Rachel I ate too many M&Ms
Alexandra I'm sorry you should have some
self-control and stop yourself if you
know you're going to regret it thoughts
on the NBA trades yeah um
no one cares except you and me and I'm
really okay I'm really sad that Isaiah
Thomas went to the Cavaliers because I
just Ben Crowder went to
you biting my head you just try to bite
my head what is with you stop it
look at yourself look at what you're
doing right now look who you are
look look at you now at the end look at
yourself
I'm gonna make stop it stop look at
yourself you look at yourself look what
you're doing look at you you're not
looking you're not looking I'm gonna
face yourself you can't be up here
there's face it used to smell really
good all the time I used to be a really
good smelling person now I don't smell
good it anymore it's smelly dog and
sweat and drool it's okay I don't want
to go to school tomorrow help me target
where are you because I guess you're not
in America because America doesn't have
school tomorrow my cleaner cleaner clean
the screen here yeah because you slobber
all over it blaze oh my god this is not
going off a little bit nope I'm gonna
use my own slobber to get off that
slobber like wetting it and then get
that off there we go
interesting live stream I know but if I
don't get it off now I'll forget there
we go that can't be good for the screen
buddy I can't be you can't eat that wait
how old is blaze now he's seven months
Rachel I'm so full full that's a good
he's not jump on this bed whose desk I
wish you could see him I hate you could
kind of see him in the mirror honey
you're pushing my chair
you can't be up here right now
okay you should dress up blaze as a
human and you dress up like a dog and
switch roles Alexandra okay so Colleen
and I were talking about outfits like if
we're gonna do a joint one we're not
anymore but we're going to and woman
they were two options and one of them I
was like used to dress up like blaze and
I'll dress up like Gus or I dress
opposed
blaze and you Jessica's Gus and clues
like that's genius wait
you know how generic it is for a girl to
dress like up like a cat or dress up
like a dog for Halloween or like oh yeah
so genius you know wouldn't be the dress
them as our animals it's the most
generic thing in the entire world so we
can't do that I have a hangout excuse me
I need to get it it's bugging me so
we're like just my skin look at it later
please do not go into the futon there's
nothing on them they're for you my arm
itches there is something wrong with me
right now
full isn't a good thing I'm gonna
explode a lot of people really like to
be full big full is a good thing see if
his lolly Duffy is said she's hungry and
I still know what she's unique I don't
know talk to Brynn see what she eggs
she's pulled or Matt's making me
butternut squash pizza
it's out there you still wear your
retainers no Felicia I don't because
they broke a few years ago so I have not
worn retainers in a few years and this -
is that gonna feel gone out of place
again get back in your spot anyway but
yeah this is my son and that's how it's
basically gonna stay because I don't
want to get retainers again Olivia says
my sister hey sister I have arrived
hello blaze needs a vlog channel staff
he's too cute curly just his watch
channels my ball channel he's all my
vlog
pictures us clean us I just cleaned you
spooky
what is poopy mean why did the world is
spoopy mean I've seen people say it and
I know it's probably a smash of words
between spooky and something else but
what in the world is spoopy Wiese poopy
I don't know what that is and it's
stressing me out
do you realize you like the finger on
the hand blazes licking you know what
Barbara sometimes it just happens
doo doo doo why don't you wear nail
polish again because tomato I'm
basically like allergic to it if I put
nail polish on or nail strengthener or
anything on my nails my nails peel like
they just layers of my nail peels off
and then they break in the crack my
fingernails can't handle fingernail
polish so for the sake of having nails I
can't wear polish and it really annoys
me because a lot of time like that I
wish I could do something with this this
is ugly but I can't do anything I've
tried strengthener and tried organic
stuff I've tried it all I can't wear
nail polish it sucks so that's that uh
spoopy what no one's saying that spoopy
is everyone just like haha spoopy what
is spoopy no one time you what spoopy is
a very upset about it guys can you blog
right now no I'm a voyeur cameras in the
other room
everyone has food I'm so jealous I'm
hungry well spooky stuff at least your
name's not spooky Steph that's a spoopy
dude when you eat dinner
at nine or ten that's what I have second
dinner Isaac I usually eat dinner at
seven and then I have a second dinner
like around nine or ten so that's my
life
Oh Buki and creepy spoopy Thank You
Murray
Davidson why are we shipping these names
together people spooky and creepy
okay spoopy why why that's all that's my
friend she said spoopy is dumb thank you
you're old you don't know any of the
terms I'm laughing well Lauren I am old
but I don't I do know some of the terms
I just didn't know what spooky meant
because it's stupid
so congratulations I love how someone
say Christopher sent me this definition
not a brother
and it the definition even makes fun of
the fact that it isn't worse I love it
have you listened to the fun song by
Ricky yeah yeah I downloaded it and I
listened to it and I made blaze listen
to it actually having video of me
listening to it I was gonna put it on a
blog but then I didn't finish that vlog
so there's just this random play with me
listening to a fun song by Ricky but I
really liked it like just what it meant
like it's just a fun song everyone go
away with the drama I loved it do you
like tomatoes no but I love ketchup and
tomato sauce so there you go who's your
from the office yeah I think they don't
work together well I think just like the
dynamics between people work that's what
it struck the truth show it's like I
don't have a favorite show from friends
but my favorite is when Phoebe and Joey
would interact so I'm gonna play it's
just the thing it's just a thing I think
that's what makes a good show so you
like the interactions as well as the
characters it's storming here do you
like rain or snow better
it's tough one I would not want to live
in the snow but I like playing in the
snow better so I think I like I like
living in the rain but playing and the
snows but I stop do the full face of
Miranda lipstick do you want me to do
co-leads version or parker's version
have you guys seen Parker's version it's
hilarious
Decker head is better makeup than I am
but I don't think I'll do it just
because both Colleen and Jessica said
it's a nightmare to take off so that's
fun any collapse coming soon nope none
if you could bring back Lizzie McGuire
or the old full house which one or two
choose Lizzie McGuire mainly because the
old full house is basically back with
fuller house just - double sentiments
but I would bring my Lizzie McGuire
they were fashion ystos above like just
ahead of their time and I need that back
in my life
I also need just like the stress of
their lives like needing to buy a bra
and having annoying little brother I
need that comedy in my life again you
watch Pretty Little Liars know any
Netflix suggestions oh I thought what am
i watch are you really watching all the
Will and Grace because their new season
just came out but I want to re-watch all
of it before I hit the new season but I
won season four
right now it's taking me a while there's
a lot of stuff have you ever had a
paranormal event I haven't but I'm also
not once
mess with that stuff so if I think
something's spoopy I leave it right away
and don't mess with it so a paranormal
event might have occurred in my life if
I was more open to letting it happen
does that make sense
but I don't mess of that spoopy stuff
that's not good mark do you have any
former friends you wish you could
reconnect with yes
but they won't talk to me and they don't
do social media so we can't find them on
the Internet not fun that's all
hi dog was I getting too hyper for you I
tried to be mellow but you know that
doesn't last long with me hi boy I was
in McGuire towel set are you jealous I'm
so jealous
Sophie son ops stop jealous how do you
think Lynn's new Twitter icon yes yes
yes I have Gabby yes I have it's genius
no the doctors just got to run doctor
today everybody's a good thing Kristin
doctors need it runs right so I love the
Hat you put your merch website I wish I
wasn't broke spooky stuff I'm glad you
liked it
I'm sorry you're broke if I had one of
the hats I'd give it to you but not even
have one do you need a buddy you went
out you out I don't know how much they
are they the murse site determines all
that stuff for me I don't even know
anything about it
am i at the point where you recognize me
on Twitter now or do I need to tweet you
more well Emily I recognize you you're
fine it doesn't take a lot for me to
start recognizing you my dog was chasing
his tail and fell that is not okay okay
I have that in a folder on my laptop I
need to send out the headshots okay Wow
one day one day I'm an idiot you're
missing shipped to Australia right I
actually don't know Michaela eyes check
out that I'm really bad at that stuff I
don't know I'll check I'll check on it
remind me to check on it I'm broke
because I bought a ticket to meet
Colleen in Atlanta just because some
flowers / 105 does anybody until you
week least that's okay meeting her is
more important than a hat trust me are
you gonna do Varmus yes I will Olivia
yes I will I always do blog listen I
love vlogmas because so much happens in
my family just the holiday season and
we're always together it's always fun
and it's honestly a way for just just
just to document our lives we do we
never go back and watch vlogs - unless
there's a Christmas blog this one so we
always go back and watch those ones it's
fun we've seen the kids grow like my
niece and nephews please for me to see
the growth this is going Duncan's first
Christmas Blaze's first Christmas it's
gonna be I don't know how we're gonna do
Christmas morning at my parents with Gus
Daisy and blaze I don't quite I can hear
em getting that as a dog whenever Matt
is in the kitchen the dog has to be in
the kitchen with them because he wants
them to drop food but
ever okay any fun plans coming soon or
cool announcements to make
I shouldn't anything nothing well I
guess there's one thing it won't be me
then no nothing that exciting uh trying
to think no I should probably plan
something huh after my live shows and
the book I just kind of went so now I'm
uh
I got us think of something else my
sister is like thinking of six more
projects while finishing once I finish
one and then I can start the next so
time to start the next one all right
guys I'll I'll start thinking of
something what's your favorite thing
about Christmas all of it keep up with
the view tube drama since ooh is that a
Sunni but there is so much YouTube drama
it's stupid
stop it everybody stop it with your
drama everyone's mad at everyone
everyone YouTube is supposed to be a
happy place where everyone gets along
and loves and supports each other and it
stresses me out certain people don't
like certain other groups of people
there's people making games and everyone
set the drama everyone just like show it
support each other love each other is
this stupid so I don't keep up with the
drama because I'm old brick because I'm
over on my stomach
this is no I'm on the Internet it's a
happy safe zone in life this is not a
place for me to read the dramas I mean
that's the t let me know but this is not
I don't like when there's drama between
youtubers and stuff like everyone just
get along that's all that's nice that's
my drama on the drama
do you have any lectures coming up no
Lexie I do not hmm we're gonna do
giveaways again this vlogmas
I don't know Mack attack the one thing
that I hated about the giveaways I had
fun doing them and it was I was it was
difficult towards the end to figure out
stuff to give away but they were stupid
things for those of you don't know last
leg was I give up stupid things like I
went to a hotel and then after that trip
was like you can have my hotel keycard
or like I found a Jamba Juice gift card
with 30 cents left on it there were some
ones I drew a picture I did a book of
foam there was just stupid rate of
things but what I hate it was Twitter my
Twitter wasn't my fun Twitter anymore it
was just my notice were just filled with
people trying to get the giveaway prizes
which was good cuz that's the thing you
know they were trying to give it they
wanted it which is cool it they wanted
everything but my Twitter no longer
became a place for me until this like go
and laugh it became more of like
business like just I don't know you know
what I mean I I sound like I'm
complaining and it's stupid I you guys
enjoyed the giveaways so I should
probably do them I just need to figure
out a different way where my Twitter
doesn't get just spammed with my own
video and people saying it tweeted it
even though that's what I asked you to
do so you guys didn't do anything wrong
this is all on me I just need to figure
out a different way to do the giveaways
so that Twitter is still a fun place for
me does that make sense it's me being
selfish is what I'm gonna be down to
here how are you like
- irises new music I love Miley I
support her I think she is a phenomenal
artist so much talent I love how much
she does in the charity world of life
she's amazing I'm not the biggest fan of
her style of music right now but I
support her if that's what makes her
happy go for it but that's not my
favorite style of music so I'm not super
into it I do appreciate it and know that
it is good but it's not what I'm gonna
like turn on Jam - I want to be Jeff is
my name and why is it Graceland
what's Blaze's favorite human food mo we
tried really hard not to give him human
food but it's definitely peanut butter
if we open a jar peanut butter he wakes
up from the dead of sleep and looks at
us like hey you're gonna share it we
tried really hard not to give him stuff
because it makes them super gassy and
stinky which can't be good for stomach
but sometimes you know stuff happens
like my friend Igor gave him a slice of
bacon like a Garth
Babbitt he's a 50 year old Russian man I
can't control him very much but play
Steven like that I mean he's dog he
likes anything what is that tie-dye
folder behind you
that's a music I was trying to look this
is my old music thing when I used to
take piano and voice lessons
nothing's you see it's a journal but
it's filled with lesson plans this is
yeah this is when I learned piano for
that year oh it's a journal - what is
this well here we have literal squiggles
this is from when I was a really little
kid just what nothing these things I
have a bunch of journals I only wrote in
like five pages of Meeks journals I'll
have a twenty journals five pages in
each written in what is your least least
favorite sport I don't know I don't
it used to be golf but now my friend he
was super into golf and he's trying to
get me into it and the more he talks
about it the more it does seem like a
fun thing to do um I don't know if I
have a least favorite cuz tennis is fun
to watch
have your much girls tennis like at 3:00
a.m. for some reason girls tennis is
always on it's enjoyable I like that
what's a sport I don't watch hockey very
much fun I do I love it that's the thing
with me I there are sports I don't watch
but the second I do them all into it I
just like competition good competition
not bad competition I think I don't like
boxing and MMA I think I don't like
those it's just it's just a pity each
other just stop it stop hitting each
other I realize it takes talent hit it
the way you were hitting but stop it I
think that's it
do you do what does one of your favorite
chapters from your book what does it
have chapters I guess there's four
sections and then each one is its own
number are there chapters in my book
would you call my book a chapter book I
don't think I have a favorite there are
ones that I've read after I wrote like I
wrote the book so long ago then when I
read it now oh my god that was funny I
don't remember writing that and I think
the ones that I've completely forgotten
about and I reread and they those learns
of my favorite cuz I forgot that I wrote
are damn my Christmas tree up in my room
is that a bad thing
it's only a bad thing if it's real cuz
it'll die by Christmas and that's sad
but if it's a fake one
I see no issue what is that a birthmark
on your right shoulder yes it is it's
not a hickey it's not a bruise one punch
have you heard ASMR that's the whisper
stuff right I can't handle it cuz I have
a thing with mouth noises and I can't
handle it someone whispers I'd get it's
a phobia I stress out and freak out and
get violent so I can't listen to people
smacking their lips and I can't listen
to whispers oh thank you watch for
letting me know that Simon has completed
all activities well hope at all but no
okay I keep seeing tweets and then I go
back to look at them they disappeared
what is happening just because says she
got a penalty during flag football
because she tripped a girl on accident
then got benched for the game see you I
can see the rest giving you a flag cuz
you tripped a girl even though it's on
an accident whatever but your reaction
to that
got your bench when I play basket again
you gotta just like okay it happened I
can't take it back because there's no
length replays in that recreational
sports so you just come in she's got a
take it so if you're not binge just
probably because they're having to
afterwards just saying and basketball
now
oh I refuse to argue with the rest cuz
ever I haven't played sport in a long
time and now whenever I watch sports I'm
like and then now rats make really
stupid calls but you argue with them
they're human beings and they're gonna
call the game based on emotions
sometimes so if you keep pissing them
off and fight every call they make
they're more likely to call things
against you so what I do isn't right I
call them the best well I'm like okay
all right cool whatever whatever and
then they're like ah she's not fighting
me she's cool and it's sad terrible it's
not the way it's supposed to go but if
they like you they're more in favor of
calling things your way that's all
that's all what songs are you listening
to at the moment I've been really into
the superfruit album I just keep
replaying that it's just so good it's
the whole there's not a bad song on the
album and you can listen to it anytime
they lay in the car doesn't matter
that's that's what I'm into at the
moment do you play soccer that's the one
soccer I don't think I don't
I think soccer might be my least
favorite I said I didn't have a least
favorite but I think I do and I think
it's soccer um I don't know what's going
on in soccer ever I played it for five
years and I still six five or six years
I don't know the rules I can't figure it
out and I played goalie so I know the
rules of the goalie and I hate running
and I think soccer is so long in the
game for so little points and it's a tip
I think women's soccer is better than
men's soccer because men's soccer you
like touch them and they're like
they act like they got broken until it
gets called their way and then they pop
back up but nothing happen women's
soccer they can break the lay in a play
and still keep trying to run they're
intense but I'm not a huge soccer plan
fan not plan am I saying mini golfing or
bullying oh that is a toss-up I love
both so much depends it depends on the
bowling alley and the golf course you
know growing up you got another dog what
type of would be and what would you name
it I don't know what I don't know we'll
see I'm probably gonna pickle because
I'm gonna go to shelter and in LA all
the shelters are just filled with pits
so I'll probably just get a pit and then
I'm gonna get an older dog not like old
but like two three year old dog and
it'll already have a name and I'm not
gonna try and take its name for men that
means that dogs I'm not gonna try and
change it so whatever name it is when I
get it that's gonna be it
house has something going mom long and
tedious and stupid it's stupid and it's
stupid that's how I feel about that do
you know what you're gonna get mad for
Christmas yes because well see the thing
is Matt doesn't he gets too stressed
it's like he has to decide what he wants
for Christmas or his birthday he gives
way to stress because he thinks he has
to come up with it and just it's too
much for him and he has to know what
he's getting before he gets it
I've tried to surprise him with gifts he
doesn't like it he likes to pick it out
so from now until Christmas he gets to
pick out something he randomly sees and
then that's what he gets for Christmas
and he gets it before Christmas he hates
waiting for it so
he has picked out a few things and I'm
gonna let him pick one of the he's got
like five things he really wants in life
and he gets to pick one of those for
Christmas so that's its he definitely do
surprise as well at all it's less work
for me I guess why did you Laura why did
you send me a picture of a giant shrimp
what's that buddy Lucy says no girl I
love your live stream so much why
they're the most boring things in the
world I don't do anything and if I try
to do something in them I get way to
distract it and then doesn't work I have
snow I'm jealous
sike the movies coming out I have to say
I love psych and in the last few seasons
I was so confused and did not like it
hopefully the movies good I did not know
the movie was happening
it's the white thing under your bed that
thing that that's a poker set I don't
even know how to play poker
but when I was like 10 my dad bought me
a poker says I don't know I still have
it
I'm a hoarder don'ts make sure this
around Rachel ah the beautiful song yes
Claire I'm still proud of your fall
decorations me too they're cute
look at that simple elegant all for it
alright guys so I'm in there dog at T
why teddy bear it's a beanie baby that's
what they're called them why could I not
think of the word beanie baby anyway
guys I think I'm gonna head out on a
visit last year well see one how long
ago I tweeted my tweet out that's how I
judge how long my live streams are 54
minutes it's been about an hour guys
alright thanks for hanging out with me I
know this wasn't super entertaining and
nothing exciting happened but that's my
life today and I like it
and it hasn't been super Nick dude is
chill alright other guys and I don't
have a lot for tomorrow but I'll have
one for Monday okay alright
