hi guys good morning so I decided to
start the day off by waking up early and
getting stuff to make walnut banana
pancakes vegan and this is how they're
looking so they don't look that great
guys I think there's I don't know what's
happening I'm very sad because this has
been met about an hour and a half of my
life no they weren't that bad actually
they were decent they weren't like a
normal pancake obviously they were
pretty dense
I won't call for a gluten-free thing
which I feel makes things a little bit
more dense so next time I'm not gonna do
the gluten free stuff but maybe I'll be
a little fluffier but it wasn't that bad
you enjoyed them anyway right now guess
what I'm doing
did my hair cut had possibly died so
getting highlights done right now where
I look more attractive I forgot to
second before picture whatever I mean my
entire life was before picture I'm
excited to see the end result though
gonna be different it's done how's it
it's so light hold on I like it hold on
I can't but I need to reveal it not when
I'm in my car I'm really good at this
YouTube stuff so it's taking me an hour
to get home I gotta take my dog to the
dog park and I gotta eat then I gotta go
over caline's
and then I gotta go do my basketball
game I have a day planned ahead of me
that's all I look blonde and like the
sunlight I like blonde I've never not
just been brunette this is that's the
thing you're all probably like Rachel
your hair looks the same can you have
the same hair for 26 years and it
slightly changes color it's a big deal I
haven't been able to do anything of
showing you my hair today
I just realized I've automated
basketball I realized that I have not
shown you like fashion showed my hair
the way I thought I would in my brain I
picked up I got home immediately through
my dog in a car took him to the dog park
and then when we got home I fed him and
immediately started making dinner
and then right as I put the last bite in
my mouth I was like oh I gotta go to
basketball and grab my things and I'm in
traffic for an hour on my way to
basketball so I'm about to I'm wearing
glasses I just realized I don't have my
contacts in I don't have time to go back
dang it
shoot I don't know if I'm on to play
with glasses on I can play with glasses
on right this is okay I ran home and put
my contacts in so I will get to the game
assess the GPS at exactly 8:00 and my
game starts at 8:00 so I'm gonna have to
like run in and just jump into the game
I am stressing my team only has five
players today we have like a team of 20
but everyone's got lives and it's like a
rec league and we're just a bunch of
middle-aged are we betting aged late 20s
throughout our 30s team so you know
people have kids jobs things so not
everyone can always make it anyway I'm
stressing uh-huh no I'm gonna have time
to stretch or warm-up or pee I have to
pee I have to play 20 minutes straight
not painting
I need chapstick I forgot to reapply
deodorant so I already smell it's a day
it's been a day
yeah we won we won whoa I am exhausted
I've officially ruined my hair do burn
my keys and I lost my keys I scored a
basket a little too plainer don't mind
if I do then I got a couple of rebounds
and a couple jump ball it was a lot of
fun I like my team we joke a bunch it's
a good fit for me
