this handsome little man is going to a
place to stay up for two whole nights
Matt and I are going snowboarding we're
leaving today in like an hour
and this look I needs to go stay
somewhere you know you know who my
friends highly recommended this place
why is your no soaking wet did yeah Matt
and I are you snowboarding driving up to
Mammoth today
snowboarding tomorrow and then driving
back tomorrow night it's gonna be
intense we've done it before you save a
lot of money on the hotel but it's
exhausting I'm in a bathroom two hours
away from Mammoth cold and I'm excited
this is gonna be my first like winter
experience this winter because la has
been like 80 lo of 70s all winter it
sucks I think I need this and this and
that for sure yes I got a soda
don't judge me oh my god it's cool oh we
made it to Mammoth now I used to do that
drive again tomorrow but there's
significantly less snow than there was
last time we were here so don't quite
know how still where he's gonna go like
last time you couldn't even drive like
above ten miles per hour and it was like
basically one lane and hit this today
it's like not full four lanes you can go
forty-five doesn't matter so we'll have
fun though it's what you get about it
snowy anyway but you just salad that I
bought in LA well put it in the cooler
and then we're probably gonna go to
sleep
it's 8:40 a.m. we're about to hit the
slopes
get that pow pow NAR NAR something it
snowboard
I'll go pro batteries suck filming on my
phone right now so that's log e in the
car but don't I my GoPro lasts for about
four minutes and then it just dies so
basically I'm filming my phone the rest
of the day that's fine
I'll live through it we've done two runs
forgot how tiring it is not my legs I
thought I was in shape so we were riding
and I definitely ate it hard they landed
on my left side
all right here is superstore all the way
down my arm
so don't you like 15 minute break at the
truck eat and I had an apple you know
life we're gonna hit the mountain again
we take a break because we're lame and
you can see our truck in the parking lot
at the bottom of the mountain
truck truck sticks out like a sore thumb
look at this view though alright we're
done it's over
we're snowboarded it was great 3:40 guys
you'll never understand the glory of
taking off your snowboard boots after a
long day if you've never done it before
it's amazing when the Sun I'll be
backlit
I'll do the tango but we're gonna go
grab some food in the village heading
out hopefully we'll be home by 10 p.m.
and fall asleep sweet sweet slumber
slumber then I get blazed tomorrow I
decided I didn't want him tonight
because that's that's too rough on my
body
I'll get him tomorrow so we've decided
to eat a healthy meal before we head
back is on my nose
there's been no sunburn and shopping
already
excuse me I'm trying to vlog
