Hey I started this a little early I hope
you all don't mind but it's mainly just
because it takes me forever to tweet out
its slash social media at the fact that
this is happening so that's why whoa
hold on
okay let me yeah that's it attach to
snap snap it alright hopefully all this
is working publish tweet all right let's
see if you guys live in his life
hi baby I love you hi Katie is
everything good okay enough
hello MA you got my March
try it on it's the most comfortable
thing in the entire world
hold on I need to make sure this is
working I'm watching yay okay then Oh No
yay I will tell you all the story in
three minutes what's everyone's here cuz
I started early
I was just little I was born I was born
that's basically what it was I was born
I will explain everything yes this is
the title of this because yes it's true
or is Rachel Rachel's robot though it's
not a Thursday one and two I cancelled
those except I'm gonna do one in October
so just because I feel like I should do
one of months so Taylor you can run it
only you would walk into a cactus listen
Jordan actually it's very not like we'd
walk into a cactus here it works okay
you know what I'm just gonna tell the
story and y'all could just catch up so I
currently explain everything I was I was
on a walk I was I can't do a live stream
I should walk my dog before hand so he's
tired and doesn't get
for annoying during my livestream so
leashed him up we're on a walk where
it's been five minutes of a life you can
do a half hour walk it's been five
minutes and I see these two women trying
to break into a car across the street so
I'm on this side of the street and
they're on that side I see them trying
to break into a car am i staring at them
but they seem like it's probably one of
their cars and accidentally locked the
keys inside of it didn't seem like it
was like a um silvus car thing
so and they like made eye contact with
me in there like like it wasn't it
wasn't like every it was clearly they
locked my keys in the car but as I was
staring at them just double check all of
a sudden I feel a lot of pain and I had
walked there was a cactus hanging over
the sidewalk like someone had a brick
wall along the sidewalk but this cactus
over brew it and came over and I walked
straight into it it's a lot better now
this happened like an hour ago I've been
dying for an hour but I wanted to add
all of this just prickles and then all
of right here just prickles cuz I was
walking like this and it just so it hurt
a lot it was quite they're like this big
just all over my arm right here and
right here
and I washed it out pretty well and I
got a want I got I thought I got all the
mouth and then except I just felt one
really bad on my finger and that was
like Matt looked it up for me and he's
said that if you cover this pot a thick
thing of Elmer's glue and let it dry for
a half an hour then when you peel it off
it usually peels up all the little extra
prickle ease I don't know the scientific
term I'm not Arizona oh so I'm going to
I'm just a video I'm going to cover the
spots in Elmer's glue and then while we
do the live stream for a half-hour it's
gonna dry and then afterwards we'll peel
it off and see if we got me ready this
is what my life is everybody well folks
my ghost is ready okay
come out we're coming out use my left
hand come on
all right might as well just do this
because this is stupid
how can the lit cities never get glued
on themselves just question of the day I
mean you're just gonna get right there
you go oh you know what
basically any excuse to do this it's a
great excuse for me even though it took
running into a cactus that's my excuse
all right now looks good all right then
my forearm aah
I randomly feel it in my left hand so
use my left hand on my walk cuz I needed
to get some out immediately
I used my left hand too much there we go
oh yeah that just feels nice this is a
weird live stream this is a weird luxury
so this is what we're doing yeah all
right
and then now we'll just continue with
our day shall we okay guys so this is
like how are you now we can just
continue doing what we normally do my
whole body is in deep and covered in
glue oh we should put the cap back on
let's go glue I'm gonna waste it waste
the glue guys perfect don't look at me
dawg like I'm crazy I don't appreciate
that how you can't see them today
because the soundproofing is there oh I
just move my skin in a certain way and
it's like hey this is way too thick it's
okay this is an exfoliating so I don't
need your input guys so exfoliation
ah kills thanks Haley I've done that a
lot I find it kind of I feel kind of
betrayed you mean you've done though
what he's talking about you've ran into
a cactus a lot why do you feel betrayed
multiple people can run into a cactus
what happened to you Karina I just told
you I ran into I walked into a cactus
and I'm trying to get it out without
burrs globes
what's the beginning of the light is
there a hashtag or is that hashtag
Saturdays at Rachel's and that sounds
painful
Lucy will do hashtag Saturday's at
Rachel's should be something else about
a cactus we're gonna keep it simple I
stopped my physic summer to watch this
live stream well Alexa I'm sorry to
disappoint you
you're literally going to wax your arms
with glue bets that doesn't make me not
want to do this I like wax oh I have wax
I could have just used wax connive yes I
could have well if this doesn't work
we'll use wax it's running down your arm
it's stressing me out listen markov
where is it running a little bit it's a
little bit running okay well it's
getting to a point where if I spread it
it just crumbles Oh does that stress you
out a little bit less Monica are you
feeling better
I for my cold yes Erin I am I had a bad
cold but now it's just the flip in like
right where your nose and throat connect
there's just a bunch of Flint there and
I can't get it out but sometimes I do a
really gross snorting noise or a really
gross tasting swallow and
Oh your mom I try and do a Grosskopf to
get it out and it just never works
so it's slowly going away by have no
idea what that Slim's going because you
don't swallow Flint the Brill says I
once touched a cactus on purpose instant
regret why would you do that are you
coming over to say hi to that baby yes
yeah eat your bone I brought two bones
and two toys in here for you
I had filled eggs I had to cut his watch
short because I was dying and he needed
to get on a lot more energy so he's
probably super high for doing this yeah
well I brought you a bunch of toys so no
Big Mike okay thank you
kollene doesn't make up during a live
stream Oh Rachel closed glue on herself
hey just because priorities can I help
you
what's up hi handsome he's got his
little paw on me just one singular pop
do you want up all over me thank you
do you want to smell my glue yeah no
don't lick it
yeah it's not that entertaining is it
you don't know globey give me your ID
bogey give it to me don't lick my arm
stop I love you yes stop ah my computer
decided to update itself the second you
started your live stream it's a
technology fun isn't it just so much fun
I have to get a new phone because mine
is just completely broken but I don't
want to spend money on the new iPhones
also I hate the new iPhones so I'm in a
very difficult situation I could just
buy another six excuse me you only try
and go up my face when I'm doing the
live stream was your child that acts out
when families are worth like come on go
over there please a choice
Barker yourself in the mirror right into
the mirror every time yesterday he
randomly gets I not most dogs do this
it's like people call it different
witching hour devil hour and the hyper
our ever there's time today we're dogs
depending on the dog's time today they
just go insane and they just run
hardcore usually in the backyard in
circles or through your house whatever
they decide and so yesterday I I've
gotten to the point where when he comes
he can do it outside only once usually
runs into a bush and gets a scratch on
his face
the dogs gotta get the energy out I try
and take them on walks when that happens
but he's inside and it's like really
late at night I just kind of like I
stopped him I put myself in his way he
runs into me and then I offer him like a
nice you were something calmed down
gives him something to chew and
distracts him well yesterday he had that
but he ran straight outside okay so I
closed the sliding glass door it was
like I'll just keep him out there while
he gets his energy out I sit back down
the couch and then all of a sudden I
hear because we have the doggy door and
then the sunroom and then another glass
door that I have to open for him to come
inside
I hear the doggy door open and I was
like oh no I look over and he is running
full speed at the glass I was like yeah
and he just ran straight into it and
flew up into the air I don't know how
his body went from this straight up I
don't know how that happened but he went
straight up it's blue and then landed
backwards I thought he broke himself he
kids up and he starts trying to bite the
glass because he's still super hyper and
I had to open the door and grab him so
he would calm down I was so scared I
cannot believe he didn't break his nose
I can't believe he didn't get a
concussion
Blake's do not eat the wall place do not
eat the wall he's a brat what I'm not
you need to stop it whatever I
livestream he acts out you know when
kids act out when they've got like
family over so I put anything on my set
I did my makeup around music so I wanted
my sit to like breathe a little and I
was gonna put makeup on right when I
start
this I didn't do that so no ayahs is you
know kids act out with like the parents
have company over so my dog gets lever
I'm on the phone or on live stream cuz
like I know you're talking to someone
other than me about Stephie says my wife
is being slowed I'm only getting bits
and pieces of the story I'm confused
well Stephie even if your Wi-Fi wasn't
slow it would still be confusing because
I'm telling us are you dry yet I really
want to peel you are you done meeting
rap and your your toys that you've
thrown on the floor
dogs have you said that the head shots
okay yeah I've picked the winners and I
told them and they won but I have not
sent them anything I've been busier than
sick I'm catching up every time catching
up on everything now it can help you I
wish you guys can see this my legs are
crossed and he stuck his head right in
the hole hey hey what is your problem
bro look at that you look at this dude
okay you never do this we've worked on
this you know I hate stop biting my
crotch what's with you you in a walk
okay you have to come down and I'll take
you one after ok
you've to come down alright stop it Hey
alright he's gonna scratch the door for
seconds ladies problem is he's mad at me
for cutting his walk short you look
pretty today thank you PC we just
learned who the mean parent is don't eat
the wall I'm so mean I don't let him eat
the wall I'm the worst
oh goodness isn't Daisy cute Daisy is
cute huh
talking about the glue I love that
you're talking to the glue okay my life
I was making fun of me because I yelled
at him for not eating the wall he's
eating the wall twice in his life that
was only the second time I don't know
what's wrong with him
usually he's scratching at the door
already maybe he just wanted out and
didn't know what to tell me that worked
for people who just turned 2 then I was
taking my dog on a walk and I wasn't
looking and I ran straight into a cactus
and now we're trying to use Elmer's glue
to get the rest of the pricklies out
because once it dries I will peel it
hopefully all the prickles come with it
that is the end of this my dog ran to
the stove before doing that Kayla I
think it's your name yeah dogs didn't
they get really hyper for a little bit
and they just just full force run circle
I take him to the dog park the day I
take him on a walk that day he got all
his energy out but somehow he woke up I
was like I'm hyper guys and just goes
your little troublemaker on your hands
yeah Haley I don't know what his problem
is right now he's been such a good boy I
could really teach him not bite because
he's bites not out of violence but out
of play but I've been doing like you're
a pit bull you can't bite anytime so
I've been really working on with that
and all the sudden just like crazy like
what is this problem
how did glaze get the doggy burn why did
the other dog do it wait time much time
to bite it oh I hear em coming
Zoe walked away means doggy bite blaze
got a dog bite okay wait I'm gonna peel
this one off this did not take the
prickle with it this one was dry it
didn't take me good oh it did
Oh oh that one worked there was one this
finger that was really painful
aha my um my dog was a huge dog bite on
his back because I felt like I told this
drivin oh I did tell it and then I
didn't post it I took
dog park last week and there was these
two labs there that what is how about
you ah that's a huge one I just pulled
that out without there we go I don't
mean the dark part with my friend Sammy
last week to shoot huge black labs like
they are like I he's friends with labs
I've seen a lot left these ones were
huge like they would double the size of
a normal lab but there's just two black
labs and wherever they're together they
get this like pack mentality and gang up
on any dog that comes and tries to talk
to them and the first time we were there
blaze went up to them and they need to
start growling and blaze ran away
because he's like no not part of this
and they chased him and tackle them and
then that's all that happens is like
we'd started yelling and they like ran
away and please come back to me and we
walked back to where we were letting out
and then that was like last week and
then the other day I took him to the
park and I saw this two labs again and I
wouldn't let him go near him and hear
that they were on the other side of the
park and I kept blaze near me but we
hang out you like the entrance of the
park and like we've been there like a
half-hour maybe and the labs were
leaving it was a girl and her guy it's a
guy and a girl and the had the dogs and
they were walking they weren't on
leashes though no one has leashes on
their dogs at that Park and they're
walking out so they had to pass us and
one dog stopped to poop and the other
one kept walking
so blaze went up to see the one that was
still walking and it was really nice to
him because the other one was the other
it's like buddy wasn't with it so it was
really nice to place and then the other
one that was pooping started coming up
and blaze saw and started leaving
because he was like I know these two
together aren't fun so blaze started
walking away from them and we started
walking away
they both charged at him and ground and
chased him in circles twice and we were
all screaming like hey stop it and then
one of them just bit down on his back
and he yelped and ran away and grant
under my friend Javaris and the lady
with the dogs was like obviously I
apologetic but we didn't see any blood
yet we're like okay he's okay I'm so
sorry they get like this I don't know
why I don't have
and she started like kind of yelling and
screaming at the dogs in a violent
manner and I was like okay well that's
where they learn it from because however
you train your dogs is the personality
they're gonna have and so I was like is
okay and whatever I was mad but my dog
seemed fine then five minutes later my
friends virus was like he's bleeding a
lot
and we looked at his back there's a huge
hole in it so I turned the vet he's fine
if you didn't have to get stitches but
they cleaned it out he has antibiotics
an appointment so he'll be fine but when
I see that lady again I'm like listen
your dogs need to stay on the leash and
get them some training because you
clearly don't know what you're doing
anyway
that was a long-winded story I kind of
like the zoned out you ever do that you
tell story you zone out as in fact that
you're telling the story and I'll send
you tune back in really I hope I've been
actually speaking English because that's
what just happened to me what lipstick
are you wearing it looks cute I don't
know Oh some stuff I bought at Target
everyone else what's your look good
people keep asking me I have no idea I
will snapchat it make sure you follow me
miss our baller old snapchat um I'll
snap it cuz people keep asking me that
and I don't know the name of it but I
have like three different lip colors
that I wear so I'll let you know what
they are
I just want to target one day and bought
a bunch lipstick you would not survive
in the desert because cactus listen just
because I would not ah someone told us a
joke in Utah that I wanted to tell on
stage in Arizona what is it oh I don't
know what it was but the punchline was
your fan cactus so the fantastic your
fan cactus my mom kept wanting me to try
and figure out and put in my show but I
couldn't figure out also it's the worst
joke in the entire world but I mean we
thought it was funny so that's all I saw
you pull out that prickly pull that
game's strong Wow ally up laughs Rachel
brought black
listen this is what Matt said I'm lying
so I was gonna use some suggestions I'm
here I'm lost
well Wiggly Winky windy what is your
name Wendy
that's your name okay here's a some of
this of this the last how long we been
on this twenty thirty minutes we are
even doing this live stream thirty
minutes that's a lie that's not right
I'm doing math room and I know it I ran
into a cactus while walking my dog using
Elmer's glue to get it out my dog got
bit by another dog last week told that
story he's fine
he also ran into a glass window
yesterday he's fine and that's where we
are that's all how did you not see the
cactus Karina as I said earlier I was
looking at these two ladies that were
possibly breaking into another car and I
was staring at them and not looking
straight next was right when a sidewalk
turn so I my body could follow the turn
without me looking because you know
bodies do that and so I was following
the turn but I hadn't seen the cactus to
remember that it was there
subconsciously so I can ran into ice
that's my life please come to clean
Santa Cruz show Trulia I hope I am I'm
for sure going to Santa Barbara and most
likely to Bakersfield
I'm going to Santa Cruz I'll probably
the cones but I'm gonna please okay
is it dry as it dries it dries tries to
try does it look dry it is drying all
this part is dried and then this part
definitely is trying this one is gonna
be done soon will rip this one off soon
guys I know I am very excited about it
too how this blaze now tomorrow you will
be seven months old leave the glue till
the end that I'm going to peel it off
when it's
I'm I'm not gonna just don't have the
willpower to have dried glue on me and
not peel it off
who has that little power no one so what
did you do today besides to run into a
cactus well Sarah nothing
I watched YouTube videos all morning
replied to some comments on my last two
videos and ate some food
that was my that's my day so far my days
pick up during the evening dududu come
on hashtag Saturdays at Rachel's guys oh
there is a hundred new results one
supposed to look at at the end of your
book you say you wish you had more space
thinking of writing another well ooh I
did leave that there in case I wanted to
or someone or like a publishing I'm
gonna cover up this it because it's time
oh all right I picked it right as I was
doing my makeup that's why I didn't put
any makeup on it because it was like
freshly bleeding let's put a little
makeup on this better anyway I left it
there in case I had the urge or the
desire to write another one it's
definitely it's definitely something I'd
like to doing and I would do again it's
just if a publishing company wants me to
and you guys want me to but if I sit
down and actually do it that's another
thing that's another thing why are you
singing Mario I missing Mario a my
errand and it did it didn't is that
Mario he's funny cakes I think that it's
oh my gosh I watched this 90s nostalgia
noises video today or Justin noises from
the 90s and I think it was super Mario's
and that's right
it's in
brain but right when it made the Super
Mario noise I wanted to play what was it
called
Mario Party I wanted to play Mario Party
so bad oh yeah that was a good game I
was good at that game I wanted a Tendo
64 I need a Nintendo 64 I don't I like
the Playstations and the Xbox's they
can't figure it out and Tendo 64 is
where I stopped so that's where I that's
my I can't learn past that anymore I
want to play it how old were you when
you got your ears pierced Bailey was so
cute getting hers done well Beth I don't
remember I really don't remember it's
ten baby
well no ten let me say like nine or ten
my mom said I couldn't get it done it I
was like sixteen and which made me want
to get them done and then I somehow
weaseled my way into getting it sooner
and then I took an Erie out because of
my sister and I were performing a music
video but which was the music video just
a performance advanced performance and
my friend's garage and my character we
all decided would only have one ear Ian
so I took out the other earring and then
it closed up so I had to get my ears
repierced
but yeah that was fun that was I suggest
when you get your ears pierced leave
them in for the for the time it's
supposed to be supposed to but Bailey is
super cute I went over yesterday tonight
to play games and I got to kiss her
goodbye
before she went to bed she showed me
them and they're very cute she's very
cute please do more live shows Juliet I
will if I feel that I want to I'm going
to my first homecoming in a few weeks
any tips well Erin go sober it's more
fun and you can actually remember it so
that's off any club soon nothing on the
books Hayley nothing on the books
have you seen clean after she came home
from Europe actually I haven't Karina I
haven't seen her yet which is strange
but yesterday I was invited over but I
didn't get it when I'm at the dog park I
don't look at my phone um because I
focus on my donkey and there was Jessica
we were texting me while I was at the
dog park
and so I wasn't paying attention and
then I got home was like wow no I
already made plans and stuff so I mean I
love her but she's not anywhere until
she goes on no score again blazes
loyalty cards place needs a loyalty card
at the vet I got him pet insurance
finally guys I got him pet insurance oh
I have a cat who acts like a dog I think
he's a dog and this this guy's Nicki I
had a dog into the same it was Colleen's
cat my dog had a cat that did the same
you have a cat not even read your thing
right
you know the cats acts like dog I didn't
care for that like a dog who was
Colleen's and it was a cat
like its whole like obviously it didn't
like transition into a dog but it was an
insight cat for a long time and then we
transition it to an outside cat because
they kept puking everywhere I don't know
my parents but when it transitions to an
outside cat it transformed into a dog
and it would only hang out with the dogs
there's only had a rottweiler and a
beagle and it just it ate the dog food
it slept with the dogs it did everyone
get other cats that would hang out the
front yard at the dog for the backyard
it's just like they made up their own
domain areas and the cat went out and
lived in the backyard with the dogs and
we thought it was hilarious it's the
same cat that taught itself to pee in
the toilet it wasn't it was a special
cat I think it was everything but a cat
guys I have an announcement
this one anything is dry so we're gonna
peel this one off oh yes oh yes this is
happening
oh yes this is my just omec oh yes I
pulled some out that hurt which is like
all my hopes and dreams in the world
answers
he got quality content does quality
content this is quality content on you
and the two that was nice
oh that feels good oh there we go
I cannot wait to do that up here there's
a little part that needs to drive stuff
well let it try well let its have its
moment wouldn't have it's time to shine
I was not expecting this hack to work
I'm pleasantly surprised Donovan you
won't know why it works because I didn't
find it Matt found that action if I
found it
it wouldn't have worked but Matt's
better it could affirming that things
will work tonight
Rachel used tweezers for the prickles
Katie I did I got a lot of them out my
girls are my log I got a few big ones
out because they were so painful like
she's my fingers when I got home I used
to using the Matthews tweezers but
they're so tiny and thin and fine that
you can't see them all
also some were just you couldn't get him
I got some but I couldn't get him with
the tweezers because they were so short
so that's why I'm doing this my dog's
gonna come in here here's a little
pitter patters he's outside the door but
he's not asking to come in which is
weird is your skin soft now yes actually
it's still bumping because the little
prickles lumpiness okay okay
who happen my cat literally swiped
lettuce out of my mouth this evening
jazz met colleague we had a cat that did
that we would be eating something on the
couch we never ate his dinner table that
wasn't a thing in our house but we'd be
eating on the couch and we were just
watching TV not paying attention and she
would jump up on the behind the couch
like the thing in the couch as they do
this you just sit here and then the cat
would come up on this part and what you
wouldn't even realize to choose so
stealth and then as you be putting
something in your mouth she would just
see a little pot of pride rabbit she's
succeeded quite a few times but it was
really annoying cuz then like if you
were using a spoon and she'd fly
everywhere and then you have fur all
over your spoon that wasn't fun but that
was fine good cat I like that cat why
Twitter being stupid
wait can some of YouTube more than 140
characters now isn't that the limit is
that the limit or over the limit twitter
has raised the limit but they haven't on
me I can't tweet more than that but I've
seen people being like riding out
paragraphs and I'm like that's too many
words read but I can't do it yet I'm
very confused who can do it why can't I
do it what's happening I need to know
the answers you should cut your hair
someone else do it
hey cuddly Kaleem don't tell me what to
do but yes I do need a haircut
should I have : do it here my dog walk
outside now Oh Frank I still have some
Oh Baroness Oh any tweezers ooh why
don't I have tweezers in here I see it I
know oh it's so painful I need to get
scissors
there's one of my finger come on don't
leave me don't leave me oh uh chef did
you leave me don't leave me hold on
I see one oh my got it oh I probably
shouldn't just blow it onto the floor
but you know life happens oh no this one
my side this is the worst thing ever
because it doesn't ever end okay I think
we got it all okay we're good I'm a mess
I'm a mess I am a mess in cinemas why
would you tweeze if you could glue right
Millie sectioning uh uh Molly a Molly a
mom yeah we're gonna you know it's your
name you know it uh I told you to get to
Easter sure a choice less than I did
I didn't leave Thank You Olivia Olivia I
know your name is Olivia but for some
reason it came out as Olivia well we'll
give this a few more minutes this one's
gonna be good
funny how you
cup on hand but not tweezers Lia
priorities did she just say I need to
get scissors there's a prickly my finger
probably I met tweezers but you know a
cactus thing just started following and
retweeting Stephanie she's tweeting
about this isn't me oh my life like my
cat climbs up my head all the time and
it's annoying Ellie that is not annoying
my dog my friend Sammy was here my dog
constantly put himself as a backpack on
her I don't I don't know I don't know he
just kept trying he just kept putting
his arms back over so he was hanging on
like a backpack I thought was hilarious
going to the table civilized people who
have time for that crap yeah Jess
because we never did never into that's
that's too much work even now like I
don't even own a table that doesn't care
about it kollene have dinner parties all
the time and you do not even miss able
to carries say where you want that's how
we think of it I am using the hashtag
Saturdays at Rachel's to everybody who
wants to know okay I don't know how to
pronounce her name serese Curry's
serese--
c e ry s that is not a name that is
common you keep sending me this picture
of an old yellow truck guys I have to
admit something one I don't care that
much about cars but - I don't think old
cars aren't beautiful or cute or pretty
or every know some people are like super
obsessed with old cars I am NOT that
person I dunno I don't look at an old
car like once that look a little car it
was like that's an old car I don't care
I'm still care not much about cars in
general I mean I've always wanted a huge
big truck and I got that and now I have
zeros
to get another car I don't care about
any of the cars Matt likes cars but he
was talking about it like yeah that's
nice
I do not care my family's never cared
about cars ever so that never got put
into my brain I guess I have so much to
get done about set up watching your
livestream Alyssa I have so much to get
done but it said I'm doing this live
stream I have a huge list of things to
do today
and I wanted to do a live stream instead
because they're more fun you know
actually quite shocked that my dog is
not booking me right now would that's
drywall not even what I don't know what
in this room papers right are you gonna
come to Europe eventually Monica
eventually the coal I just joined I'm so
confused what's happening I wasn't
looking I was walking my dog I was
looking get some across the street and
then all of a sudden I ran into a cactus
and I came home and Matt just said that
you know get on with tweezers wash it
and then put Elmer's glue on your body
and then peel it off those two tries to
get all the little prickly things out
that's mainly what this is the cult
dealio of today now you're caught up
girl you gotta address what are you
drinking
it's an Lacroix a Kiwis Scindia QE
watermelon hashtag not add hashtag wish
it was chest check facebook comments
please I am on Twitter today guys what
should my next video be I need video
ideas what should be wish I do I should
happen oh I'm so stressed I'm not at all
stressed at Saturday I got time but if
you have any video ideas even totally
give them to me
oh my gosh someone found a store that's
Chris
with stuff in it my goodness where is
this I'm trying to read the sides at the
place to figure out where this is
there's a restroom sign your ear goals
if that calls
I figured it out Oh have you ever been a
Halloween Horror Nights I love going le
no I never well I've been invited to go
on multiple occasions number usually
when cooling goes I get invited I don't
know I hate it don't do it not happening
never happening not going never not nope
nope I don't like being scared I will
not watch scary movies I will not go to
things where I know the intent of going
is to get scared it's not happening I
don't like it I don't understand why
people do not my cup of tea
I'm not doing it um so yeah that's
that's how I feel so uh-huh all right
guys I'm gonna peel this one are you
ready oh so much hair is then pulled out
okay now we're getting to the the goods
players hurt area goodbye Mike what did
you do this weekend I watched a youtuber
pull glue off of her skin yeah it
doesn't hurt as much as wax though cuz
glue doesn't actually pull up the hair
wax would pull up the hair I lost so
many viewers listen we all have our own
pleasures in life oh my god I got so
many out holy crap I got so many out
well that was a big one I am glad I did
this cuz I were just been in my skin oh
you thought you could defeat me you
thought you were mixed for me
never in my days all right
so many people just left you're welcome
you're welcome you're welcome
I feel like myself
right now yeah I mean Harris friends
named Martin Marin can you do that can
you put Elmer's glue all over your hand
and let dry and peel it off it's fun
it's fun
ah you should recreate old family pics
with your family
Mac attack I have done that I was it
four five years ago for Christmas I
looked at Cooley and Christopher and I
said hey we're gonna recreate some
family photos and make a book for mom
and they were like hey yes and we looked
at red he's like don't know what you
guys say but let's do it
so we recreated a like there was like 10
or 15 different pictures and we made a
book for my mom and she's still at her
house she displays it with pride right
guys
or do the Y's don't run into a cactus no
fun
nah but at all ferrets
it's October tomorrow Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas I can't believe it's
already October I'm excited because now
is not gonna be 100 or 90 degrees we had
our last 90-degree day and now today is
only getting up to 83 I had already
passed and then the rest of the week
it's going slowly down to like 70 and
I'm so excited I'm over my summer
fashion the little fashion that I had
I'm ready for my sweaters my long
sleeves of my jackets she do a full face
of Elmer's glue video so I'm already
done that is that a thing because I feel
like that's already been done my like
jenna Marbles is somebody has I've been
done tell me sometimes I don't pay
attention to the internet for a few
months then sometimes I'm like all about
it so I have no idea what videos have
been made of not fine of the glue came
off Hayley I know it was so late for it
but patience is a virtue my dear didn't
I just spent about how no one has
stations or self-control I said
self-control I have patients they don't
have self-control so different you
should take a bath and glue and then
peel it all off no I don't want glue on
my bits
I don't want blowing my bits I'll put it
on my limbs and face but not in my bits
pay yourself with glue again I'm suing
what all right fine I'll go over to
Facebook cheese Louise getting yelled at
to go over the facebook comments Colleen
man my cat knows how to open my
apartment door on her own wow that's
really creepy
all right I see you Sara
just come and take so many things I see
there you go how was your group today it
was kind of uh it came as sections as
noise it wasn't a good poop it didn't
feel good it didn't feel good coming out
it wasn't fun
I want to Courtney Courtney's are cute
did you know what is it Bulldogs are the
only dogs that can swim now they just
think they're too fast back over to
Twitter my finger still hurts
alright seriously do not walk into a
cactus what's your favorite felt treat
well right there are there fall treats I
don't know
with a fall tree I mean besides like
pumpkin spice lattes which I'm actually
not a fan of and that's okay what's a
fall treat pumpkin pie I like pumpkin
pie oh by the way I've decided that on
Thanksgiving and Christmas I'm not gonna
be vegan or a pescetarian I'm gonna be
vegetarian cuz I want to eat the things
are made with eggs and butter but gosh
darnit
so today's under here I'm allowed to eat
what I want to eat but I still won't eat
the animals straight-up just the things
that come out of them
there is one stuck in a crease they'll
eventually fall out right that's how
that works your skin pushes it out
eventually science come here why
Facebook we need why is your name
Wendy's wait why Nene
oh goodness if you soak the area with
pickles in warm water they should all
fall out Katie I feel like you just made
that up cuz who came up with the fact
that you soak them and warm pickles
what pickles have to do with anything
what our fault retreats leaves yes Sarah
they are leaves show us the lipsticks
listen Maddie they
in the bathroom I've already left you
once and I've lost a lot of viewers
because of it I'm not leaving you again
Rachel if you're not gonna be vegan you
might as well eat meat for those two
days know that I will not eat the turkey
I don't really like talking that much so
it's not a big deal that I'm not eating
it
like I wouldn't turkey Thanksgiving I've
never been a huge fan of it's always
like my second cousin Stephanie makes
the best turkey most turkeys though are
usually a little dry I'm just like I
rather eat all the mashed potatoes
deviled eggs corn cranberry sauce you
know stuffing discs it's rather eat all
that the turkey just takes up room for
something that's mediocre to me I'd
rather eat all the things I find
delicious so it's basically a way to
just politely refuse the turkey I don't
know
I'm vegetarian so that's all it's okay
Rachel I don't like pumpkin spice either
right Aaron's like it's not good I don't
get it
y'all can like it that's okay I know a
lot of people do like it I'm one of the
rare ones that doesn't like it but
that's okay I just it's not that good to
me oh my gosh I meant prickles if you
soak the area with the prickles of warm
water that should fall out of your skin
Katie you straight up that bagels and I
was relatively oast it's not we need I
can't wait how do you say your name w e
ng why when he went away and I saw your
name you should listen to out loud
please and thank you it's such a bob
who's a bye I feel like I don't know
what that is I probably heard it and I
just don't know the name of it uh I'm
scratching right now with tweezers it
felt good you should play with your dog
for a video again Elise yeah like that
lob has changed her name to Lisa X I
mispronounced earlier I think I want to
do a video where I'm voicing over my dog
for a whole video but I don't know what
we're watching is people really watch my
videos
if I'm testing a product of some sort
and whenever I do any sort of skits no
one watches them so guess what my next
few videos are gonna be me testing
products uh I'm not mad about it I have
fun doing it
apple cider donuts are false treat Mary
I don't think I've ever had an apple
cider do that before I'm so afraid I
don't really go it's that much but I do
like apple cider so I think apple cider
a drink either of itself is a treat is
it not
I like that one I joined the Twitter
family just for you Oh Hannah George
welcome oh it's already been done I
don't care what still do it a hundred
layers of glue on my face overs glue
face mask I should do it though cuz
that's just fun I like that
I want to do 100 layers I just do it
apparently also female dogs get their
periods I didn't know that is it that I
laughed Stephie yeah I had a dog a
female dog that was not fixed and she
definitely got periods and I didn't care
I don't let her sleep in my bed and then
I have little blood droplets all over
her back
it was disgusting and then I wouldn't
wash my sheets which is even more
disgusting I would never do that now but
yeah dogs get their people dogs get
periods if they're not fixed and they're
the vagina and
it's really puffy and the blood comes
out of it boy dog skip owners and their
people have different ways of saying it
like Oh their lipstick is showing the
Johnny rocket is out there red Roger you
know there's different ways of saying it
but I shouldn't explain talking about a
meeting you guys
um but yeah that's that's what happens
oh I love some apple cider me too hey Li
literally just yell at me Annabelle
don't tell me what to do
you've never had apple cider donuts
Rachael Tom Ballinger Becky don't yell
at me she's mad at me because Katie
originally didn't say pickles I read in
this pickles and set of freckles are you
kind of day still Christmas
no Elliot not people get really mad at
me if I do that I like November first I
start going all-out Christmas
I like October happen just because no
but I just
however happen I leftover befallen that
November is the Christmas I haven't
pooped in two days I know people that
don't poop for like five days and it
stresses me out I don't know how they
function if I don't poop for a day I
freak out I know people looking for five
days like that's not healthy what are
you dressing up for Halloween I actually
don't know yet I don't know I usually
don't plan it to like the day up or
maybe the day before if I'm lucky
I just heard matt cail of the dog
clearly dogs doing something and by Matt
young I mean Matt spoke I don't think
I've ever heard him actually guilt all
that by the gabbie show oh that out loud
I haven't listened to it yet I have a
terrible friend / youtuber your skits
are amazing and funny and I would watch
anything you post Thank You Stephie the
world does not agree my $1 $100 hair
straighteners saying when we've got
really great views which was I was quite
shocked by and I was getting really good
views doing like I tested oh I tried
Pinterest fall clothing hacks and then I
as to the wax removal things or the
facial or the hair of Google things and
then the second I posted something that
wasn't a testing or a trying of some
sort or the views so people the world
doesn't like it they don't want to see
me attempt to act they don't want to see
you do anything but attempts to try a
product or craft that's just the world
that's just the world and I've learned
to accept it actually I haven't because
I keep trying to not do it
oh that's why you've all been sitting
with pictures of gadae due due spring
blazing he is he has a squeaky toy
living room you don't want him to come
in here I'm actually gonna sign off in
about a couple minutes oh okay you
didn't say pickles who said prickles I
read in a speckle sir it's just a very
confused
I only poop once a week but the doctor
says it's normal Alexa honey what are
you eating
you know we've talked about are you
getting enough vegetables you need to
eat roughage does the roughage helps
grab all the things of wolves it down I
actually don't know if that's a fact
that's basically what I've made up in my
mind I know you need roughage to move
the poop and I know that some vegetables
are on the roughage so in my mind that's
what it does um yeah just see a salad
and you'll be amazed that like you poop
easier and it's nice subdue that also
hydrate carbs I think so yeah it's tight
yep I don't know I should stop talking
because I don't quite know what is
squeaking might a log see squeaky toy
it's probably because you usually fail
Oh Molly you see me Molly
uh yeah you probably right I fell a lot
I generally try though dad do genuinely
try I just really suck at that kind of
stuff
I gonna do a Halloween costume with
kool-aid again I actually don't know
marine thank you
I think so uh we haven't decided we
haven't talked about it she's been busy
I've been busy but now we're back and we
have a whole lots to decide guys so
people already have their ideas I know
I'm making blades dress up that's for
sure don't know his outfit yet though I
could have been a t-shirt cuz now that
he has his wound on his back
somebody got a bit I have to it has to
stay not as sick clean I was gonna say
it has to stay not dirty so word for
that is clean it has to stay clean so I
put a t-shirt on him so many rolls
around the dirt it doesn't get on months
on my alley
so that's funny he's a little t-shirt
now whatever goes the park sure I love
it
all right guys I'm gonna wear this
Christmas come before Thanksgiving in
the dictionary what oh I didn't do the
puss where does Christmas come before
Thanksgiving in the dictionary Thank You
Leah
all right I am out of here I will see
you guys I was this far so I'll
see you guys tomorrow and I will see you
in the comments of my last two main
channel videos and on Twitter and on
Facebook and on Instagram I love you
guys see you on this website
all right
