look the street is wet my mom thinks I'm
talking to her she'll realize I'm
vlogging I love it
really hope the camera pick that up we
are about to leave Utah we're packing up
it's 9 a.m.
ah I didn't get that much sleep last
night but it's ok because I've got to
wake up at 8 which my body is used to so
you know like you could get 10 hours of
sleep but if you wake up at 5 a.m. your
body it's like no no no no it's 5 a.m.
you stay in bed but you could get six
hours of sleep and wake up for your
normal time and your body's like okay
yeah this is normal that's okay that's
where I am right now I'm about to clean
my ears while on camera and everyone's
getting yell at me Rachel
yeah where do you think I learned it
from yeah that's the airport
that's all that's it that's my whole
shebang we're at the airport now and as
we were driving to the airport we drove
past the wise guys comedy club which is
where I performed that and as opposed to
me so I grabbed my camera to film it and
in a car it defended
I'm at the venue now the background
musics pretty loud so this might get
copyrighted but I'm at the venue the
doors were open and I'm sitting
backstage weird thing I wanted to
comment on though I'm not 100% sure but
I was at the airport as I was going you
know walking towards baggage claim
whatever a guy stopped me and he said
hey Rachel and I was like oh hi yeah
mumble something I was like okay what
and I thought he's my driver and then he
followed me down the escalator and then
he's a Goku yeah can you sign these and
he had like two cardboard things with
really nice printed out thumbnails of me
and they were like not taped to the
cardboard but somehow staying on the car
boys that can you sign these I was like
oh okay and I was like okay not my
driver and so I started signing him and
he was like yeah I'm bringing my sister
to your show tonight I was like oh cool
thanks and okay bye it walked away he
was probably this at 30s 40s so not my
demographic didn't seem to actually care
that he met me and I walked away I was
like oh he's probably gonna sell those
and then I'm at baggage claim and
another guy comes up to me is hey can
you sign these and it was like the exact
same stuff but like different pictures
and I said wow you guys are having me
sign a lot of these you selling them
he's like oh did you meet my friend
upstairs I was like yeah oh and he ran
away and I was like pretty sure they're
gonna try and sell those jokes on them
no one's gonna buy up I don't know they
might have just actually been people who
watch me are coming to the show tonight
but it was very you're not my
demographic I didn't actually seem to
care that they saw me no interaction
other than can you sign these and then
they ran away so pretty sure people are
trying to make money off my poorly done
signature that urged me a little but I
didn't like it
hopefully they are people that are just
coming to see the show and they would
know I don't do signatures that meet and
greet so they're having me sign things
beforehand but I highly doubt that and
it makes me angry you didn't do anything
I made my smile I made my signature
worth something and you're just gonna
steal that worth rude you're rude
I worked hard for my worst the little
that I have anyway so don't buy merch
online
from my shop or from my mother at my
show I don't know I just bugged me I
thought it was rude but I've seen people
do that a lot especially after like if
you go to the Jimmy Fallon show and you
walk out when you see the celebrities
walk out you always see these guys
approach the celebrities with a blank
white paper and a pen it's deciding to
sign this because they sell the
signatures online later and the streets
later and they like Photoshop them onto
headshots and stuff it's smooth anyway
that's all I to say I'm nervous as
always I don't have a set list for
tonight because Samantha forgot to grab
mine off the stage yesterday so
justifier not that that would make me
remember the show anyway show done I did
the show I improved a lot more this one
I was way more comfortable the more you
do something the more comfortable you
are with it obviously but I don't like
fun and I'm about to clap didn't being
green but I needed to breathe a little
bit change my shirt my day care my doggy
daycare is texting me pictures of plays
excuse me we're at CBS getting my mom
scissors for me so she can complete her
owl this is
tampons guess what my mom's doing right
now I'm making it rounder mom I don't
think they're supposed to be round
aren't they supposed to be what is it
you put two together do you put them
together or is it one oh okay I thought
each one was supposed to be its own are
you supposed to be used to trim each one
into a more perfect oh are you ready
ladies and gentlemen not you mom are you
ready gentlemen for the for the crock my
mom has spent two days on and had two
pairs of scissors for it is so cute mom
yeah me me the wings and the beak what's
its name
Sammy and when salmon or salmon me at
one point my mom said penguin so we're
gonna go with penguin two nights two
whole nights went into that thing so
good
we're really bored and it's only 9:00
and 9:30 we don't to go back to room so
we found the fitness center and my mom
is trying to remake the okay go music
video good morning my mom and I are
flying home to Los Angeles it's what
we're doing but I want to tell a little
story before him so the club offers us
transportation like rides and stuff and
they picked us up from the airport and
that was nice and they picked us up in
the club and drops back off from the
club and then we never they said they
were gonna give me a car for pickup to
the airport but never told me a time I
said well my flights at 11:00 so I just
assumed like 9:20 you know be ready at
9:00 just in case because those places
like to be earlier whatever I'm sleeping
I have my alarm set for 8:00 I'm
sleeping and at 4 a.m. I get a phone
call and I was like what dog and I
didn't answer it and then I get a text
message right afterwards for the same
number saying hey this is your driver
I'm downstairs ready for pickup looks
like no no so I was like no my flights
not till 11:00 go for it was the middle
of the night and so he left and I never
discussed like pickup time or anything
so I just texted the lady who's in
charge of all that stuff and I just said
hey listen I canceled the driver cuz he
showed up at 4 a.m. for like a 9:30 pick
up I'm just gonna take an uber and she
called me just I'm so sorry he's coming
back at 9:20 to pick you up so he came
back and he's like oh you know I just
figured you had an early flight so I
thought I'd get there before my time he
just assumed he was a really nice meet
and no it was really nice it was like oh
I have to pick up someone from the
airport tomorrow probably it for it all
confused he just start my slumber
alright I'm back in LA I dropped off my
mom and now we're going to pick up
ladies
bless you hey let's go baby
no no do you see my hand yeah I know I
can ya smell our things smell you bad
right here
