McGavin
I just dropped blaze off a doggy daycare
he's gonna be this is long he's gonna be
there from 9:15 to 6:00 but I have to go
to Santa Barbara for two reasons one
have a disappointment at noon and then
to it's my father's birthday I'm gonna
do brunch with him and then that's it
and then I'm gonna come home but anyway
I'm on my way to Santa Barbara right now
to see my father I'm wearing my Rams
shirt you can't see it I'm wearing my
Rams sharp because they're playing today
and it's my father's favorite team so
two reasons for everything today there's
just two reasons for everything the
birthday boy no you're so awkward I love
it that's right see trends less awkward
than you do you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear dad happy birthday
to I was waiting for you do that cheese
I just finished up a dentist
I have no cavities hip-hip-hooray it is
rare that that happens with me so oh I
get it as part not hold on anyway all
clean and I'm gonna go home and post my
video along with my parents house that's
home I mean
always and forever that's just so let's
go home I'm gonna go post my video and
then I need to head out by 4:00 I need
to head home I'm going home and this
confusing when I have two homes this is
very confusing I'm at my parents now I'm
working and watching TV with Trent hey
ol it's his day off so he's here Peggy
with me I am so tired but I'm working on
my show and I have to say the internet
here's socks mom dad is the worst
Internet in the world
I'm sure it's standard Internet but
because my job is the Internet I pay a
lot of money to have good internet so
whenever I go to a place bad Internet
just like the world of against let me
get I don't know what to do hey it's the
next morning I took a shower but I
haven't combed my hair out last night I
was up late because I went and picked on
my friend Sammy from the airport because
she's going with me to the shows as is
my mother I picked her up at like
midnight because she flew from New
Jersey I got home maybe one
dirty and I woke up it he because this
guy me well I was hungry
mom get the capable of me
oh my mom so I've been working on the
show it's 10:30 I'm about to finish up
this stuff and then go over and pick up
Sammy and run a bunch of errands and
finish the show basically that's today
come on along all right
it's way later in the day I did come up
my hair eventually it doesn't look like
it though we have gotten a lot done
today I haven't vlogged all because
we've been efficient as and we went
to the mall we got went to the MAC store
I went to the other MAC store
aka the Apple store we did all the
things you need to do and we only got
two things left on the list to do and so
we're going to target instead instead of
doing those two things we're going to
target
okay we are in Salt Lake City you to the
top my mommy and I are sharing room
tonight
I just wanted to bunk with my mommy
tonight but I have to get ready we
believe it about 40 minutes and my face
is not done so that's my life I'm hungry
I'm tired and all of the things I woke
up at 5:00
that's my life we are at the venue now
aren't wiseguys here in Utah
my mom is selling my merch for me we've
got posters and t-shirts and the
shrinkin things that took me and Matt
days to make and then we've set up the
stage
that's all you can't see it there it is
there it is it's coming just wait for it
wait a really long time I'm over waiting
stage is set already and we're opening
the doors and 30 and nervous now finally
took from last week and up until this
moment I've just been stressed and tired
and then find them like oh I have a show
my mom has been trying to do this
you know
all right this is my first time wearing
my new merch but yeah I like it
some Ballinger 90 wall on the back it's
my birth here for anyone who needs to
know well I got this on the front I know
it's really comfortable I always do
Spreadshirt and there's stuff there
stuff isn't as comfortable I think again
I've never actually owned any of my own
merch so this is the first step I've
owned my own merch which is nice
yeah my mom's selling it right now I'd
ever say I mean the doors are open I'm
back here I'm about to straighten my
hair that's how much I care guys that's
how much I care I guess I'm nervous
I should probably like go over the show
but you know just gonna wing it who
needs a script who needs to know what
they're doing that's boring who do my
hair now piece
all right the show is done I just did it
I had fun I had fun I think it was not
as nervous for this one as I was for the
LA one the California one the Irvine one
what does it called thanks thanks for
things it was half hour show half hour
Q&A and I back I kind of liked that
because I my still leaving this show my
favorite part was doing the Q&A getting
me like talk to you guys I loved it so
much I was like things like my show
needs to be like more show unless Q&A
but I'd like it I like it so much you
guys are cute and you make me laugh
anyway Russia didn't mean greet I'm not
sure what's this shirt he's really
comfortable
I'm not even trying to make you guys buy
all right now I'm just trying to let you
know how comfortable I am I were shirt
under at though so I wouldn't get pit
stains dang it I got pit stains dang it
whole life ruined I am exhausted just
like I'm done
I'm exhausted its feet yeah we went out
got burgers and we're back here someone
gave me this yarn crafts that you spin
and make it into I don't know I'm half
asleep trying to stay awake until 10:00
there's my fall asleep now like I'm in
the middle night and then not half good
enough sleep so I got you like on the
computer long semi-open you want to play
with it but how they need scissors to
finish the project so I'm going to be at
store oh my gosh it's raining outside I
love it mom mom can you please show me
the craft thus far I'm making it I'm
making it owl and I'm having difficulty
because the scissors that Rachel sweetly
got me to bend the yarn not gonna show
me your there's no picture no clothes
right wait they still have shapes
they've been crying laughing over these
yarn owls for about an hour now
I don't underst
I think my mom's giving up at this point
I'm not getting I can't believe me
throwing in the towel house when I leave
it I have sharper scissors I'm not
returning those scissors
all right good they don't have so
there's to buy I had to ask the front
desk Patel room 30 that's been the last
like hour I don't even know what have we
got any more
