oh we goin well never know let me tweet
by online show you things how to
proofread it and that's how I proofread
it's the Soria - waiting for y'all to
get here Oh Twitter blah blah blah don't
worry I'm drinking coffee I will get
hyper yet you have an issue buddy he
wants to get outside the window you know
you can get out there by going outside
through your dining door that's all you
need to do you can get right out there
real quick we're gonna snap story not
snap sorry and it's the story hey guys
I'm do it I can never tell when this
thing is gonna start because it starts
okay I have to redo it do hold it down
for like five seconds and then you start
talking and you realize it hasn't
started recording yet hold on
hey guys I'm doing the live stream on my
vlog Channel right now swipe up to watch
it I'm gonna make some Shrinky Dinks
wowie chitchat okay cool bye swipe up
bye that's how art is made did you need
to do paste done post it alright so I
have to make have to I'm going I have
shows in Utah and Arizona next weekend
in a week in there in a week I leave in
a week and Artie shows and I last show I
sold shrinky dinks that I made you guys
really likes them and I ran out like
before the story begins so I bought more
things to make more shrinky dinks for
those folks because it's cool and
they're only $2 each I don't know I just
think it's a cute cheap thing you guys
can get it shows if you want because I
know usually like the posters like $30
and t-shirts or a million so this is
something if you're like Rachel I'm a
child with no money anyway but they're
really boring to make when you're by
yourself so I figured I do
with friends okay let's let's talk with
you guys first while I figure this out
on so it's on says it's not working now
it is hurting yeah it's working it works
okay thank you I love that you guys know
automatically to tell me if it's working
or not because you know I don't know if
it's going to and it usually doesn't for
me I'm dark in here should I turn on my
light please be useful I don't know I
just gonna sleep on the ground that's
cool you can do that huh you just saw
shrinky dinks on your mercs website I
could but I feel like shipping would be
more than they're actually worth you
know when you buy something online for
like a dollar and shipping six so this
is incentive to come see my shows
doesn't the minute that thun thun so
shipping yourself will cost more but
booth Garrett's all right don't you puff
and I don't look at you let's figure out
how to make shrinky dinks guys oh I sent
the file to myself with the shrinking
big stuff in it where is it where does
the wrong file that's the wrong file how
do I do this I'm figuring it out sure if
this'll one AHA tributing fellas let's
print the thumbs okay now how do I do
this you guys this is gonna be so much
fun for you all to watch this
wait what that's you didn't understand I
made a blog and I didn't post it of me
trying to figure out where freaking find
shrinky dinks let me tell you they
weren't when they were supposed to be
that makes sense this one this is clear
okay
did they send me like 60 bytes
oh no that's clear I'm a mess let's hang
out for a little bit before I start this
madness what are you guys up to today
it's Saturday welcome to Saturdays and
Rachel's
change your profile picture that chronic
famous birthday one I don't want to I
don't want to give them anymore promo
then they deserve and they don't deserve
any I like my profile pics right now I
think it's yeah let's go this hashtag
shall we
I can't wait for the Utah show same I
love when you guys sitting to my watch
on my new profile picture should be cuz
they're all really ugly no one's here
there's a little like 300 of us I mean
not that I've been complaining because
we're a cool 300 but like no one also
hang out and make shrinking things like
me Road anything on my teeth I just show
you pasta when I tweeted that I'm
freaking I was like I'm gonna wait till
I show you depends on when I eat lunch
everyone thought I was eating lunch at
11:00 a.m. and went until it won no I
just wanted to livestream after I at
lunch and I hadn't eaten lunch yet so
whenever I ended up in lunch after that
I'd have a life she wasn't saying I was
eating lunch at that moment and it's
gonna take me two hours to eat my lunch
I was saying compound weight and I did
not have a time for you latest there we
go
Rachel what winky we weenie
that's a fun name planning on doing any
other shows well Elizabeth I don't have
any plans to I'm gonna see how these
ones go how these ones so if I like it I
like doing my last one but then you know
these ones might suck it might have just
been because that first one was so
amazing so I don't like to make promises
I can't keep
I wanna I want to research my feelings
before I promise anything else
want to hear a pun yes Sophie I do say
our names
I am Delilah that took me a quick second
to figure out which nameless house plate
is doing well grill he's good he's just
napping on the floor that's him in the
mirror he's down there in real life you
still has it figured someone say it's
not working is it working for some
people and not others is that why
there's so few of you hanging out with
me seems like there's more now why was
it just not working for some people
because that's rude if it wasn't house
blaze during a puppy care well just the
press just the pest just a pest what
yesterday
he loves it there he's been a few times
he didn't go last week because he had a
cold and he was on antibiotics and I
didn't want any little puppies getting
sick because of him but I think I'm
gonna take him on Monday or Tuesday so I
can have a day of cleaning and not
having a dog chase my room around my
Swiffer but he loves it there when we
get there he tries to scratch his way
out of the car and we leave he tries to
pull back into the daycare because he
doesn't want to leave so he likes it
more than he likes me I'm trying not to
take it personally little rude but you
know he's a teenager
I'm not his favorite person right now I
am as fair person but day cares more
more amazing than I am but he has a best
friend there named onyx apparently a
black lab he really likes labs all this
best friends are labs don't discriminate
against other breeds though buddy
thank you and he likes pits but they
only have a few other pits there I want
to do my homework for me no Ally I
really don't I put in my time with
homework I'm done with it what do you
think about the new iPhones iPhone 8
iPhone X well Kristen I'm mad like
obviously everyone's eventually gonna
get it I still have the six not even the
6s not the seventh up the 7x nothing
whatever I have a sick
and it keeps breaking on me but golly
darn it I don't want to give up my
headphone jack so many vets clean eyes
the new MacBook Pro or I have a laptop
whatever and none of the holes are
normal holes and you would begin
adapters for everything and that is
literally my worst nightmare and so I
don't want to get any of the new Apple
things like I'm like stock in Apple mm I
know 15:1 careerists because I just I
don't I don't want to do it I don't want
to make that switch and my friend John
went in to get a new computer and he was
like my friends really don't like he's
like I do I get my friends don't like
the fact that the computers don't have
the right holes for everything you have
to get a different charger and it's just
a mess
they're like well Apple's not gonna go
backwards so you might as well get them
new version because everyone's gonna
eventually switch to that and I agree
everyone's eventually got to switch to
like the new types of charging
mechanisms and the new ports and
everything but I'm waiting until
everyone switches and then I'll switch
because I hate being the first person to
do this which because then no one has
your charger like you know when you're
on a friend's house we need to borrow
charger you know things like that
I'm waiting until everyone else has it
and then it becomes inconvenient for me
to have the old version of the charger
so does that make sense like my sister
is the only person with the new laptop
and so no one has a charger for her
laptop but her so when she's at my place
she can't just borrow my charger real
quick for her laptop because it doesn't
work so once I get to that point where
I'm the person I'm the odd one out then
I'll switch but I'm till then no no and
man keeps trying to get me to get I have
a pair of bluetooth headphones okay a
really nice pair of boasts boast size a
postbox
bluetooth headphones they're great I
can't figure out how to work them I
can't figure I'm gonna sync it off with
one thing and sync it onto another and
then when I finally finish it finally
sync it it's been five minutes and I
even want to use them anymore
I'm here I love this look at this
look at this this is so cheap look how
quick look up quick
oh it works them out wouldn't bull juice
you're the said thing look the thing
until it's like disk and I start things
and they connects then you have to go
and define it need to click five minutes
but what if I wanna watch on the row
click on a snapchat story takes five
minutes to watch the man comes on with
little food then quick or whatever it's
called
takes me one second one second you could
use the charging thing you sticking to
the charger and then you can adapt the
auxilary quarterbacks what if I need to
charge my phone people you can't do both
at the same time it's ridiculous makes
me so mad
also Bluetooth headphones die the
battery in them dies so when you're on a
15 hour flight to Australia your phone
headphones are gonna die on you that's
all okay I know it's the way of the
future
and I know we're all going towards that
way but I'm just gonna hang out and wait
until everyone else does it and then
they'll eventually jump off for but I'm
not happy about it guys I'm not I'm not
happy about it it's stupid I think we've
made a stupid move just because it's the
future doesn't mean it's the smart way
to do things
okay I'm done yeah like Barry I'm very
upset about this because I think
electronics should be about making our
lives easier and better and this is not
making anyone's lives easier no one's
wise are easier because of this
everyone's life is a little bit more
difficult
what are your thoughts on Italian
Greyhounds okay what's their name but
your name is literally just the heart
emoji so heart emoji I think they're
cute I'd like a little dog about into it
but the same there's life we'll have
them now seen them they're cute and I
like how anxious and nerve
they constantly are but how attached
they get they're cute I've never given
one just because I like big dogs but I
think that they're cute I like them then
they're just so awkward looking they're
so awkward looking I love it though
Elaine told me to chill you chilly
get out you pronounced my name wrong
it's pronounced Kirsten Kirsten your
parents named you wrong it's Kristin
I've renamed him it's pronounced Bo's
its both both both you see I am pair of
wireless and wired right uses the
wireless I use the wire except I find
him using my wired one because he can't
figure out sometimes too much masses to
connect his Bluetooth ones to get
another pair of wireless ones
screw you anyway see both some Bose is
both right I could be wrong I'm wrong
learn about a lot of things you need to
make a part 2 of your book I could make
six parts of my book just if anyone
would buy it was the issue just because
she has the same phone she's going to
give the headphone jack either look
expert Jack is a fan favorite like I you
know that they announced the new iPhone
stuff and everyone's like this is what
you gave us but this is what we asked
for it I the headphone track was on this
is what we asked for on every single
meme I saw every single one everyone
won't be more durable chargers our
headphone jack back and it's most stuff
I don't really care about but it was
funny because it was me everyone wants a
headphone jack back don't take away our
headphone jack it's the headphone
companies get more money off the
Bluetooth ones so they got together with
Apple made a little scheme and we're
like make everything bluetooth so we can
make more money
rude
I just got home from the Miranda Show in
Stockholm and it was amazing oh yeah do
I visit back here what's happening I
have a little set
I won't pop it on camera I feel like a
lot of people think that's gross I have
a little on the back of my arm about the
rest of this livestream just so you all
know oh goodness oh it's got a bug wait
how is going to universal for Jacobs
birthday well Brooke it was a lot of fun
oh I actually had fun I hadn't been
there I haven't been to Universal with
kids since I was a kid so I was funding
those kids but yeah we had a lot of fun
and we had a big debacle debate over my
poncho and my poncho wins everything
I bought a poncho for jurassic park ride
and I don't regret it and Bailey got to
wear it as a robe until she got a robe
of her own so I think the poncho was a
success and I don't regret that eight
dollars I spent on it mentions our
hashtags right now I'm in the hash tag
Sarah what are you making out of shrinky
Biggs
ah yes I needed to doing that I am
making things to sell my live shows they
are gonna be a thumbs up green heart and
a little bubble that says stay awesome
possums and they are gonna be chains I
did it my last show they were great and
they're fun let me figure out okay I
need to figure this out I'm gonna need
to put this in the printer someone let
me have scissors that was stupid and
someone sold me scissors they're gonna
regret that comes up cut the chin I
couldn't think of a rhyme that's why I'm
not musically musical genius music music
happening this doesn't leave me clear I
said this is a jet clear
this is not clear it's a little clearer
it's like those bathroom windows some
butts like some fancy places have but
like you can see if someone's in there
but you can't quite see what they're
doing those are the creepiest bathrooms
okay okay okay I need to put this in my
printer I'm gonna screw this up are
there instructions oh there are pretty
design on the film this film is
principle on both sides a lot so to dry
before handling cut out the design I can
do that I got one common 66 great oh
wait I remember last time I did this it
had to be on a certain setting just set
it go there is I found the lining okay
this is it if necessary pay attention to
photo glossy when loading the film photo
Blasi how to do that settings
preferences
do it last time guys do this I only make
it photo glossies I feel like I'm boring
you because all you can see is my butt
when I'm over there hold on give me five
don't leave don't leave I need friends
Oh God don't leave me don't don't leave
you
you
don't don't leave yeah
you
I did it
alright let's print one and make sure it
works print print alright we'll see how
that works it's got a print first look
can you see my dog stick did we wake you
up I'm sorry I apologize for the
inconvenience of your nap that's a
printer anyway what are you guys up to
what do you say
place looks almost as done with you as
we are hey Katie place has never done
with me you guys will eventually be done
with me but blaze will never be done
with me quality content listen I do what
I can y'all I do what I can cut off the
thumbs at the top okay this is kind of
clear now that I'm looking at it it's
clear I'm not gonna bug you anyway I'm
just gonna cut out drinking so much it
shine now cuz I got some Street meetings
to cut out and this is the worst part of
it is your thumb gets really sore it
starts hurting right here so it's great
can I have one please
yes Elaine if you come to a show didn't
you tell me to chill earlier aren't we
fighting I thought we were fighting up
with us all of our emotions if I had all
the money in the world for three weeks
what if you had all the money in the
world what you're saying if I had all
the money in the world like you kill
here's something um what countries up to
three would you visit and why I don't
know I've always wanted to go to Italy
and I know Alaska is not a country but
why do I have to pick countries why
can't I pick certain places I want to go
to Alaska I'm just gonna take places I
want to go to I'm not gonna play by your
rules you don't control me I want to go
to Alaska I want to go
Italy and no where's another place
Greece is very pretty I want to go to
Greece and I always want to go back to
Hawaii I think I'm one of Hawaii and
Kelleen goes not for sure yet but I
think I'm gonna go because I haven't
been this year it's been kind of come a
tradition in our family we go every year
kollene always plans the mirando trip
show things so we can all have an excuse
to go it's for business guys we have to
go but she was smart and is doing a show
on Maui we live now e alright but why
don't you have a box up top socket the
way I might just take my phone in my
pocket my back pocket my feel like that
would get in the way I know that some
people have them and they love them like
Jessica loves her pop sockets she's all
about it the cooling got what I think
but can Trevor remember to use it people
just I don't what are they used for
is it like so you don't drop it when I'm
taking a picture when your holy I
don't drop my phone when I do that I
have big hands they can hold the phone
and I don't get the mega phones because
I can't hold those I'm smart logic where
is it to like sit up so you can watch
things cuz I don't watch things on my
phone that often I always have like a
laptop near me because I never leave my
house or what I am out I'm focusing on
being out and not what's on my phone oh
it's clear I can't see where it went
I'll find it for me later this is random
but do you still have your Apple watch
tan I have to watch tan was it Apple
watch tank I never watch oh right like
the chair light my Apple watch oh yeah
baby that's still there that is still
bright it will blind you I am fashion I
am beauty I am grace so
you bet your bottom dollar I still have
that why wouldn't I
I'm failing I'm doing these shrinking
things you guys are just more
entertaining than them what Harry Potter
house are you in Rachel I don't remember
I remember taking the quiz
it was either Hufflepuff urgh Gryffindor
I don't remember it was not Slytherin
did it so I cut the wrong thing the
thing with taking those tests are is you
can totally you can answer the questions
because you know what they're leading to
so whatever house you want to be in you
can answer the questions to end up in
that house do you tsunami and Mikey's
like you'll be like are you evil but if
you think yes you're gonna end up in
Slytherin you know you're gonna you know
like those were like what Disney
princess are he'll you could you answer
those knowing why they're asking them
you know what your answer is gonna lead
to so you answer thing like oh it
totally fit that category do I know what
glances you want I live in Norway so
good night good night
Marty Marty Mart good night place is
growing so fast what happened
well Lexy I kept feeding him okay I
don't know if I ever talked about this
but when he wanted to but he had one of
his many stomach issues because his
Butthead eats everything I promised I
watch him I am a good dog owner but you
can't watch him like literally 24/7 like
sometimes when he's taking a poop you
look away to give us some privacy and
you look back and he's eating a stick so
anyway when I took him to the vet to get
the bike you be they usually put him
given like a little tummy coating to
help whatever it is passed or give him
some special foods that's easy on the
stomach for next week I took him for his
last one she was like how much do you
feed him and I said 4 cups of this puppy
food a day split into three times a day
she's like you feed him for cups of food
it's like yeah yeah that's what the bag
says to do I look at the bag
says how old he is and then how much
does he weigh and then from that that's
how much you're supposed to feed over to
rubber and she was like I was like well
yeah it's puppy food she's like I know
full-grown labs that don't even eat 2
cups a day cause like okay well my dog
is in fact so I don't know why we're
having this discussion and then she was
like okay have you since this stomach
issue has even have you been feeding a
bland diet like yak boiled rice chicken
and carrots for him she's like carrots
why would you give a dog carrots I was
like carrots are good for god´s what do
you mean and she was like okay and what
are the most judgmental that I've ever
seen in my life and so I was like
alright well that was weird and I
continued on with the BET thing and
she's like well we're gonna give you
this Kansas to defeat him you know so it
stomach some it gets a little better
okay cool just like I would say two cans
a day but since you're feeding him the
four cups today I'm gonna say three cans
even though that is way too much for a
pitbull this size I was like okay give
me the cans
gallon guess what with in the cans
carrots are the catalyst to where she
judged me for giving my dog carrots
guess what was in the stew carrots
carrots right in the spoon what and then
I was like tweak and today he was
starving that week and I could see him
losing weight and I was like what in the
world so I went and I looked up that
canned food and how much they
recommended me giving my dog a day five
cans they recommended for his weight at
age five cans a day and then I looked
into it she was treating him as a
full-grown dog he's a puppy you Pete you
feed puppy puppy food and it's a bigger
quantity than a grown dog adult food
because companies are growing when
you're growing you need more nourishment
and food to grow science and so I was
pissed she was treating him as a
full-grown dog and judging me for how
much I said
thinking that he was full-grown when
he's a puppy the words that I've ever
been to
terrible never going back to her again
she was a idiot
how was basketball again well I don't
know what your name is
I don't even try basketballs great we've
had two games with won both every one of
my team's really good and basically my
role is that when everyone gets tired I
go on the court to give them a little
breather and I just don't mess up but I
don't really do anything great all right
I gave everyone a breather and then I'm
a great cheerleader on on the side I'm
very good at cheerleading and coaching
and having team spirit and I provide the
ball because it's such a it's a weird
league and you know you can only play it
was just some what happens to bring a
ball so it's my job not to bring a ball
so I'm valuable to the team but I don't
I don't do much on the court for the
chief I get rebounds but I can't make
shots for the life of me hi I like when
you yell well
jolene jolene jolene never know your
name I'm glad you like what I yell
because I do it often I like when I yell
I think it's funny
it's mainly I yell for humor and not
really because I'm angry sometimes I'm
actually angry but it's more makes me
laugh and so it makes my anger go away
so thing it's a thing
you scared me when you scream carrots
listen there were carrots in the stew
and she was giving me a hard time for
originally giving my dog carries and
then she literally handed me carrots to
give my dog just any she's an idiot
please be careful and handling scissors
don't tell me what to do you're sewing
scissors from safety first listen I have
nothing to say I shouldn't be waving
scissors around but I feel like I'm
skilled enough for the scissors not to
cut it myself but that's when you get
comfortable
Billy actually end up kind of yourself
new my cousin once cut open his hand and
had to get stitches because he was
cutting open a water bottle he was
cutting the lid off like a water bottle
to make it like a cup and cut himself
he's very skilled with knives and things
so quite humorous actually my dog beats
four cups a day and I feed her
watermelon bananas and carrots and
apples and she's not fat right like same
leg every dog is different one it breed
is different the size of the dog matters
what food you're feeding that matters
for some foods are so packed with
calories and nutrition that they don't
need a lot of it some food sits like
this for many more poverty but I all
right my dog is not fat at all he's
actually people call him skinny quite
often and I feed him a lot and he's
growing he needs it he's a pimple I
won't let him get chunky not because
skinnies in fat is that a river but dogs
when they're overweight and big dogs
their joints give out faster so the last
few years of their lives they're in a
lot of pain and I tried to avoid that
with my dog because that's no fun I saw
that with my Rottweiler she had a lot of
bad stuff 100 joints and so her last few
years weren't that joyful I don't like
that to happen to my little guy
I want him to be happy and healthy well
he's never allowed to die so you know
the rest of eternity where is the sound
what a knee to turn your speakers on
everyone else can hear me right French
so
hashtag hey what's up hello hello Olivia
my friends dog was chewing on a carrot
for like 20 minutes
yeah free can't lick their great toys
dogs love them if you when you have a
dog that's teething fries a carrot like
one of the big carrots freeze it give it
to him chew on it for a while it'll help
the teething issues the loving healthy
little snack it's wonderful it might
make them poop look a little weird but
it's healthy and that's normal so don't
even worry about it
where's your pointer it's right here
it's never far it's never far who said
that nobody said that Emily don't worry
please give me your best number I just
want to talk listen Laura I go to this
clinic and it's a veterinary clinic
place and there's like five vets and
I've seen three of them and I see four
of them and only one was the worst so
I'm just hoping I never run into her
again cuz I took him out like a few days
later cuz he had a cold and I saw a guy
that and he was great and he was like
and I mentioned how much I fed him great
yeah yeah it's a big dog he's food I'm
like he was all about his pitch great
and he knew everything about pets and
big dogs and he was like what are you
feeding him though and I said Brandi say
that's that's a good brand for adult
dogs but sissies and he was like but I
was I gotta feed him the puppy stuff
he's a cab but they don't have large
puppy breed you need a large upper
bracelet like he was really quick but I
really liked him so this clinic is hit
listen whoo I get time to shrink it in
Kurt please
oh wait you have to come to a shop that
is the Rope tickets on the website five
words subscribed is what five shirt
ranting about carats of headphones yeah
that's a perfect description and I
haven't no no remorse no what is I'm
trying to think of the word I can't
think of it
I have no shape no regrets no regrets
I said no regrets
you just added me love Fame well Sophie
you deserved it
England as a country yes Casey England
is a country I'm aware hmm Rachel is
this the first dog you've ever owned
ally X um doc that's all mine
yes but I grew up with a bunch of dogs I
grew up with them I mean countless but I
had a Rottweiler Chihuahua couple
beagles when I was forming a couple of
mutts in the house I've had a few
terriers just a lot a lot of dogs a lot
of dogs and everyone i knows had a dog
and yeah so I'm not new to dogs but this
is the first dog that that have been
online I bought it and he's mine you
can't have them someone who said once
how much to adopt blaze there's truly no
price you could offer me a billion
dollars I wouldn't give him up he's not
well actually if you give me a billion
dollars you could have him but then I
would just hire someone to steal him
back from me and in some legal manner
with all the money I have nine billion
and then so I get the billion - a little
plus my dog back so that's well he's
needs the loyalty card at the vet let's
be honest yes bet he does actually who's
got competitors because he's costing me
a little over a thousand bucks already
in bed that's so actually more than
definitely more than so couple thousand
in bed those he's an idiot
I met a pitbull at the park and blaze
was trying to eat a stick and went in
front of him and I was like no blaze
can't eat snakes all blah and the owner
she was like oh yes the eating
everything phase ours used to eat
pottery it's like what I just would push
a plant over and eat the pot crap like
pickles just eat things they go through
the spacer they just eat everything so
they're like yep yep insurance we had to
do a few a few pet runs through
emergency breaths
good every pit bull owner I've talked to
like yeah thanks
supposed to
what's your favorite non-disney animated
feature Olivia I don't know I I don't
know what's Disney what's not cuz um I
think okay Pixar but Pixar Disney and
then I can't remember I don't remember
who makes what I don't know I I don't
know those things I don't look I'm not
that's where those people that like oh
that director made it good I'm like oh
it's a cartoon done so I don't know
what's what I don't know what's what is
so basically every animated thing is
Disney except spongebob I'm known as
Nickelodeon chew what's the worst thing
place is done once my dog ate our
wallpaper well Becky he's trying to eat
glass before he ate a bounce sheet but
then recently he ate my wall he's
following on Instagram you'll see that
he ate a chunk of my wall my drywall
over there who was just sitting over
there he's never done that before
and that's like great we can't let him
out walls now like what do you do with
that to do that so he got I don't even
know how to do that he hasn't done it
sense but I was like the weirdest thing
but that was after a week of being on
antibiotics and not allowed to play with
other dogs he been cooped up inside for
a week cause he was contagious so he was
going a little crazy yeah a little extra
energy so that wasn't I wasn't too mad
about cuz I kind of knew what was going
on
please school advice well Haley what
what kind of school advice do you want
do it you have to do school do it and do
it to the best of your ability you won't
ever regret studying you won't ever
regret doing your work you won't ever
regret attending class you may regret
not turning in that assignment or
skipping class the day those are the
things you regret you never regret doing
the work I promise you that so as
annoying as it is you'll never regret
doing it that's all that's all
well blaze get a sibling well please get
it well you Wow
oh my god you wrote that in perfect
English and I still can't say it because
I'm an idiot
will you get blazed any siblings well
Diana why is it so difficult you you
wrote it in perfect English and I could
not speak it because my mind doesn't
call brandy English am I kidding I want
to give him a sibling yes it'll be a dog
I can't have cats and I think Oh like
all the animals cute but I like animals
that are like I feel like are kind of
like a person how many times I say like
in that sentence Wow going back to high
school me but it would be another dog
and it won't be for like a year or two
need to get a house get situated and
make sure he's perfectly trained before
I bring another beast into the house I
don't know if it'll be a pit I was
thinking about a bulldog because those
things were just hilarious but I think
they drool a little bit so much for my
liking so we shall see we shall see what
do you remember most from senior year
you from Julia of high school you've no
idea waiting for it to be over I was
just over it I had planned my senior
years so that I was super easy my last
semester I literally had one core class
and then one elective and then my ID it
was on the black schedule so at four
classes every semester and then every
semester did me switch so my last
semester I literally had to two free
periods an elective and an accord class
so I was over being there at no
motivation cuz I basically finished
everything oh god I just remember just
over it I was over it I wanted to be at
it was stupid and it was just driving
everywhere you just started getting to
that phase where you're like kind of
over everything
senioritis is what they call it that was
over it but I was scared for the future
I remember what I did see here that was
to support this cheese's maybe an
animated character yes Rachel the cheese
watch Christmas vlog I'm you'll know
what we're saying
how to not procrastinate I don't know my
life shows in a week and I'm not
prepared at all i procrastinate i
procrastinate like crazy sometimes i get
in moods that I'm motivated and I don't
progress 1/8 and I have no idea how I
get in those moves but I procrastinate
like crazy so I'm like I mean I guess
just take my keys sort of advice and
just do it but sometimes that's easier
said than done sometimes a lot of coffee
helps me but then I get distracted I
like all those people that gets very
distracted easily did you think I stayed
sane but I'm getting really motivated
and then I'll end up on a different
project that didn't really need to be
done and finish that to completion and
perfection but it didn't need to be done
at all like I know in the next week I
will do something awesome and do it well
and finish that project when I should
just be focusing cooker show I'm that
kind of person so it is another craft
summation I guess like when you clean
the house in order to avoid homework
that's the kind of person I am like
you're motivated and you're willing to
work and do things but just not the
right ones that's me so I can't help you
there yes it's just willpower man
this is taken I've cut out how many
since talking only 5 thumbs only 5
thumbs this is gonna thank me a long
time I should I always do live streams
this week while I'm doing shrinky dinks
although it's very distracting both that
both are distracting from each other so
maybe I shouldn't but this is this is my
way to not procrastinate like I need to
do my shrinky dinks but I wanted to hang
out with you guys as a way to
procrastinate the shrinky dinks I was
like nope i'ma do both saying in time
okay my funds that's 3% help ya hope
from it I'm grounded Brooklyn what kind
of grounding if you watch my email
diaries video you know that there are
multiple different kinds of grounding
that your parents has to specify or else
you'll just won't understand it are you
grounded from friends are you grounded
from TV or you grind it from the
internet
what are you grounded from do you never
know your parents might have a different
plan in mind and then you get in trouble
when you don't follow their brain waves
when they didn't tell you goodness
gracious
still there's a lot of things I will
hold a grudge against oh that and not
being able to hang out at the mall on
half days because some crazy lady lied
to my ex principal who told my mom that
my friends were cussing out a homeless
man well that never happened and so I
was allowed to go come on say I believe
you that you weren't involved in it but
salad saw and told someone else that
your friends are doing bad things if I
wasn't doing it what's the issue also no
stressing out a homeless man mom we've
talked about it we're okay about it but
I'm still excited if you had the chance
would you ever do a TV show yeah like I
watch have no idea what it would beat
would I be acting is I'm terrible at
acting and if it was just me I don't
know who would tune in but we're going
to show it's hot in here I mean I
wouldn't turn down an opportunity
because that's just fun and I betcha
that's a cool thing to say you did so uh
I know it's talking who would just like
turn down a TV show that's fun that's a
fun thing to do in life
I'm skipping homecoming to watch your
live show on periscope no regrets even
though my friends are vets Lara are you
for real whose parents cooking my show
are you literally skipping a homecoming
can't you watch the periscope like later
if you want to go to home I don't you
miss out on oh come it goes a little be
watching me on periscope
I'm sure person will save the lights the
pair's go round on periscope works
unless you don't want to go to
homecoming uh screw that it's just a
bunch of kids helping each other on the
dance floor well everyone starts
smelling a sweating so you know you
think you into you wait did you pick the
headshot winners yes Sophie I did I deem
them I'd like to announce them because I
have noticed whenever people do
announcements like who won what the
person the people who win end up getting
a lot of hate you didn't deserve it and
so I just quietly be in them and let
them know big one and if they want to
tell their friends they can but I've
noticed that it's very unfortunate and
not okay for when someone wins something
for other people to be mad at them and
start drama over it so I like to avoid
drama at all costs love 90% costs and
just go ahead a little quietly so
because I don't want to see anyone
getting drama-filled no drama in this
household I can't work I have to fix
these thumbs okay I have to move them
all down is that what I need to do cuz
alright I don't remember how I did this
this is a mess I'm a mess everyone I
need to print out another sheet but not
have it cut off the top of my thumbs
I can't figure out how to move my thumbs
down how do I do this Oh
me doing anything on the computer
everything I do is let guys think if
I've ever accomplished anything in life
it's out of luck it's moving too much
back let's try that
you're gonna add more live show soon I
don't know it pens after these ones like
I like doing it you know who I feel if
people show up but no one shows up I'm
not gonna do more because no one wait
can't sell tickets there's no clothes so
if you want me to do more live shows got
to make sure your friend is in the areas
go to the shows so eventually I just
made this purse
hah anybody how did I just make this
worse understand what's happening
I it was it was here and so I moved it
down I don't get it hold on I'm figuring
this out okay
I haven't met how did that happen just
now I am so confused
utterly confused format rate I want that
I'm just moving them all closer together
in the middle of the page I'm not even a
mess with this you go here come here
come here
got it got it done all right no study
I've had it I had it and then it stops
being had okay moved okay no I don't get
it I don't get how pages work all right
I'm so I grew it okay oh good you were
moved in great okay
you've been moved great okay print let's
see how this comes out who knows we had
this and I just look everything into the
middle of the page mark let's see what
let's see what happens guys how is this
how is this happening how is this
happening
how is it I don't understand I barely
even moved them and they get back in the
middle and I'm still this it was cut off
how did this happen but this was not cut
off how is this process of thing how I
believe sit I'm going to a barbecue
I believe in like 15 I don't get how
pain just works
Rachel English please no you will never
get English for me have you met me I
don't know if you have have you watched
my videos I never speak English I never
speak English probably why I couldn't
pick up a second language because I
couldn't even master English so why
would I know a second language I really
wish I could speak Spanish like in
Southern California you should just know
how to speak Spanish and be a good thing
to know
I don't know what I don't know I'm
surprised my dog is staying asleep
through all this usually when I start
yelling you weights up hundred days till
Christmas Robin this is true is it 100
days till Christmas
don't toy with my emotions don't toy I
think elf
the movie elf was invented for future
memes because anytime anyone talks about
Christmas coming it's a meme or gif of
elf and I freaking love it it's a great
movie guys I am so excited for the fall
okay I need to talk about something my
whole life I've been like summer and
winter that's where it's at last time I
don't want to cap but in reality summer
sucks cuz it's hot I guess as a kid it
was better exciting grew up in Santa
Barbara we'd go to the beach have fun
like no school lied out but wouldn't you
become an adult that doesn't live next
to the beach summer is gross cuz you
don't get a break from anything there's
no break for you and then you're not by
a beach and I mean I don't own the pool
so you know it was just a hundred
degrees with no benefit so I no longer
like summer I've decided and also all
the touristy spots you can't go on
vacation because everywhere packed with
tourists I'm on vacation so I was like
why I like winter obviously because
Christmas I realize I like the fall I am
a huge fellow fan now I wasn't ever a
fall fan before but I'm like all about
Falls still winter is the best because
Christmas the fall is like it's like the
opening act Christmas it's amazing it's
getting you pump the weather what's my
watch is telling this to end up no I'm
talking about fall watch I am NOT
standing up
oh I'm standing up for Falls I'm sitting
but like the weather is perfect you're
starting to get a little cold but it's
not too cold yet and thank you so you're
just like oh I have to put I'm not it's
amazing people smell less because it's
not hot so that but it's not cool enough
where you have to put on a bunch of
layers or though when you go inside
finally the heaters going so they start
sweating inside no one's sweating
no one's sweating and fault I mean I
sweat all the time but it let's so
people don't smell as bad it's a great
time the rain hasn't started yet even
though I love the rain
but I know a lot people don't like the
rain so I'm just like fall is beautiful
and it's like it's warming me up for
winter and it's like it's just
jump-starting and it's great and it's
beautiful I fall in love with fall
colors maybe I'm getting old I'm no
person
this is a conversation your Grampa would
have with your dance
Oh God breathe and look at the monkey I
don't even have the monkey anymore house
pescetarian life's going pretty good
yeah it's annoying sometimes when you're
out Matt and I sometimes do that lets
just not ask rule seems vegan let's just
not ask because we're starving and we're
out and there's something to eat but we
you know
so we cheat sometimes a little bit but
it's to take stress away from your life
because the stress can kill you so you
know do we eat an egg that might be in
this pretzel or do we stress about it
and then die from stress so you know
Stassi it's toss up it's actually way
easier than I thought it would be almond
milks great just like I don't know we
found about 10 meals that are like you
know that we alternate for dinner and
that lunch is like forever
leftovers PB&J cereal you know whatever
in this grant and its glorious we only
ate like eight meals before research the
pescetarian like we had our we we have
our favorite meals and then we don't
mess with anything else why would we and
so it's just the same with pescetarian
but it just different meals so it's nice
I like it
you'll stick with it a little bit longer
I will not be vegan or pescetarian on
Thanksgiving or Christmas though not
happening
nope my stomach will hate you for it
because jumping in back into all that
dairy it's gonna be like what you doing
girl but honey I will be enjoying that
feast I probably won't have Turkey but
you know I'm having that mashed potatoes
and gravy I'm having that corn with
butter how the heavens steamed broccoli
but that's that's good for me put some
pot on I'm going all-out Thanksgiving
Christmas cuz I'm not skipping out on my
Christmas dessert party never in my days
well I'm not enjoy that so you know
Netherlands I'll be vegetarian I'll be
vegetarian how about that I'll be
vegetarian I can do that
it's my rules I made it up was texting
me texting me at this hour 2 p.m. on a
Saturday who's texting me my realtor
that's allowed he can text me alright
well so you guys know I live about eight
more minutes and I gotta leave I gotta
go to a barbecue see some fam BAM hug my
father that's my life
oh so I'm puttin you post a picture of
them sugar cookies those are delicious
those come out in the fall stay for the
winter
oh the little pumpkins on the snowmen
blow up the best could not love it
please try some dog products with blaze
for video I was thinking about that I
was thinking doing another $1 it's $100
cuz you guys seem to like that that
video did pretty well so you seem to
like that so I was thinking of buying
would go to the dollar store because I
bought my dog a 99-cent because their
pounds home is a dollar for for nothin I
found something I think I said only
store and no sex only thing in store
actually 99 cents a pound and those dog
toward the place
I bought him that and he loved it until
I take it away because he started it he
tore it up and started eating parts of
it so that's how we do it so that's how
we do he gets it until he starts to
actually destroy it and then I throw it
away so I don't buy expensive toys for
him even the stupid light so these they
have these toys like indestructible
bully toys dark but they does my dog
doesn't want those my dog he's like what
does this piece of rubber you just gave
me no I don't want this mom I want
something I can tear up and like work
out that have little tiny parts in it
that I can try and rip off and then you
freak out and I rip it off and tear down
a mouth that's what my dog once
so those indestructible toys he does not
want so I have to buy I just find me
some cheap stuff watch him and then take
it away once he's done with it when I
decide he's done with it and then he
goes
the next toy and then I tell him this is
why we can't have nice things literally
said that's my dog today he was tweeting
on a my ablating priced toy and that is
supposed to be pretty shoe proof but it
wasn't fully to proof and he he chew
through it and was ripping parts out and
I can't take out his mouth and told him
this is why we can't have nice things
so you did not understand that not even
a little bit that was fine but yeah so
oh yeah so I was thinking of getting an
expensive shoe shoe proof toy and a
cheap toy and just comparing the two so
I know my dogs not gonna want the
expensive one he's like no that's stupid
I want the cheap stuff are you trying to
roll on your back should you get stuck
the big sigh he cut stuff he tried to
roll his back and couldn't Oh this video
I found out Matt thinks I'm funniest
when I'm leaving my dog a voice he
really said up the other day and I
laughed I laughed hysterically because I
thought I was annoying when I do that
like when I act like I am I'm not a dog
but I voiced place I thought that I was
still annoying he thinks it's hilarious
so I'm gonna do another video I'm gonna
do a video doing that it won't get any
views but I'm doing it from it but I'm
doing dummy dog videos I just pretty
love it up he's also really cute oh yeah
do you guys like the $1 vs. on your on
things
it works I'm back Danielle where'd you
go
opinions on pumpkin spice lattes well
Beth I don't like them I don't really
like them that much yeah
I'm not like the only the only time I
don't get an iced vanilla latte with
almond milk instead now I have to say
I'm ladylike but also when going
pescetarian vegan whatever eats when I
cut out dairy I was really scared I was
like what am I going to put my coffee
now and I was like wait almond Logan's
this almond milk creamer is this this is
way easier than I thought it'd be but
the only time I don't get a vanilla iced
latte is when I can get a peppermint
mocha latte done those are delicious so
that's the only time I really switch my
order up and that's in the winter uh
sorry that some business right here is
really difficult to cut hmm so I tried a
pumpkin spice I don't like pumpkin spice
things really I like my cousin Stephanie
her pumpkin pies are good that's the
only time I really like all about the
pumpkin now we're huge pumpkin fans but
maybe that'll change that I'm a new love
for the Fall you never know you never
know what's your favorite thing about
Christmas well Casey um I don't know
just the joy I need to see on my family
constantly there's just like a feeling
of love and joy in there people start
acting nicer because they're scared
Santa's gonna put them on a nice list
what no people do start acting nicer and
while people should be acting nice all
year round it's nice to see that certain
people have that capability of actually
being nice but the everything's pretty
I really think snow is pretty I don't
live in the snow so I don't the deal
with it I don't when I choose yeah I
only deal with it when I choose to
that's the English I was trying to say
so I love the smell I think it's
beautiful but like no everything's just
great I love everything about Christmas
I get to buy people presents sometimes
people get me presents it's like a
wonderful thing it's just joy I'm
awesome I really did I used to be really
big on tradition and I still am when it
comes to Christmas and then like I love
traditions I mean I know what's gonna
happen and it's fun I don't know
everything about it's just great
dude shower with your Apple watch I
can't it seems to wrong yeah well I
don't need the mornings after I work out
and I've sweated with my watch on I will
then take a shower with it on also since
I have a white band I feel like I need
to like rinse it off cuz it my watch
gets dirty I play with my dog a little
walk through the park and they then with
it on and get free gross so I feel like
I need to wash I need to wash the watch
and so after I work out and I get sweaty
with the watch on and I take my rinse
off shower that's when I shower with it
on it does feel weird in the pool I
always kind of unconsciously keep it
above the water you know like up here
you keep your arms up like this when
you're cold this arm will be down but
this I know so it's gotta be you know if
I watch to go in the pool it's
waterproof but I'm just so used to
technology and water don't mix that's
what you know since we were kids that's
what we're taught
so I've been always been very skeptical
of it they do take one shower with it a
day
I shower twice a day I'm supposed to
sometimes it out all right guys have a
most eclectic before remembering it yes
Olivia all right guys I gotta go I gotta
go to a barbecue but I love you so much
I'll probably like livestream on
Wednesday or something while I'm doing
more shrinky dinks and planning for my
show seriously go to my shows tell your
friends about the shows because the more
people you go to my shows the more
likely I am to do is show that sounds
really bad but like if no one comes I'm
not gonna be like this is great I should
choose this more yeah I love you guys if
you're bored where you watch my videos
or watch them if you'd miss them you
don't remember if you've missed
something go watch some more videos of
mine do things I
and drunk pretty right like you guys
yeah you're all right love you bye
