it is my nephew Jacob's eighth birthday
today and from his birthday he just
wants everyone to go to Universal
Studios so I am going to Universal
student yesterday and I'm gonna take
this dude to daycare because he's
obsessed with it and literally when we
try and leave DK take her cue Walt I'm
tugging on his leash and he's just
trying to get back in the building
so don't look at me yes we will go stop
looking at me like that
we'll go I promise I just have to finish
packing up okay take care
do you wanna go to dig here I'll show
you is excitement when we get there do
you want to go to take care do you want
to go to daycare do you want to go all
right hold on hold on stay stay stay
let me get you leave Shawn maybe get you
a shot okay go
he pulled so far once that doors open he
was gone
they took him they're like okay anyway
now off to Universal Studios high made
it's universal I found all the children
immediately and they were soaking wet
when I found this hey happy birthday
yeah
this little man
you're not gonna go on any rides no you
look like you're coping oh is it a good
day that's happening in the world girl
and he sees the candy oh do you like the
candy yes
cool I like the chops that babies do
chip done with you good rule good drool
get that right on his arm good work yeah
yeah oh he was just purposely spitting
it out on you do you like doing it out
yeah are you a hairstylist farm
hairstylist new trend good one
that was a good one I have to say I
don't own the wand but I've always been
tempted to get a wand
Jake is getting help getting helped but
English I don't know how to say English
Jacob speak English
point proven Jacob is getting helped out
picking out a wand you still don't think
that's right English is getting helped
out picking out a wand right
Jacob is getting stinking home that's
the one that's the one that's the one
the red girl the river there was a lady
in a blue unitard doing flips on the
stage of me living for it
don't know what's happening why
shouldn't blue unitard what's going on
listen we're about to go on Jurassic
Park which is a water ride and I always
somehow get the most drenched and so
everyone's making fun of me because I
buy myself a poncho I'm gonna be
laughing at all of you they're all
soaking wet and I'm dry that's something
that's really dry
I'm sharing my okay alright it is 5:15 I
have to go pick up my dog but they are
gonna go catch Waterworld and I think
they're done parks closes at 6:00 which
is very early for a park I feel not a
lot of fun and Jake's in my life on this
birthday so that all that matters that
wasn't English neither was that wow I
have a really hard time speaking anyway
I'm gonna go get my dog any dinner
please how was daycare did you have fun
was it good
you cannot have my sucker did you have
fun at daycare answer me
you children you come home from school
and you won't answer any questions about
how school was we just want to know what
our children did when we work with them
is that too much to ask for I got
pictures of you yeah apparently his best
names friend is onyx and he has this
domination that he likes to have secret
meetings with so that's what my dog does
what is your about do its way later I am
going to target because we need toilet
paper and I don't want to wipe my butt
with some leaves what is this car doing
I don't understand people who wait six
hours for a parking spot a few feet
closer to the entrance
I always perk faraway because I'm like I
can walk I got legs and I don't have to
wait for a freaking spot anyway I turn
his camera on to complain about
something really stupid I burned the
roof of my mouth I think on pizza a
bacon pizza
very upset about the whole thing I just
have to tell you guys all right now I'm
gonna go get some toilet paper oh my god
it's Halloween stuff you know what that
means
it's almost Christmas it's the most
wonderful time
