okay we are going we are live let's
tweet it sweet I don't have a light turn
on him here okay
no one's here okay some people showing
up hey Orson I just woke up from a nap
are you gonna be this loud the entire
time anyway I just looking for my now my
dog was up all night puking and diarrhea
Inge cuz he ate too much bark like Tam
bark like wood little pieces of wood he
doesn't you know how most dogs like chew
on sticks and then spit it out
he chews on 6 and then swallows it so I
thought I had it under wraps and he was
good with it stop doing it for a couple
weeks and then you start doing it again
so now none of us got me sleep so we all
just kind of took a nap accidentally at
the same time it was very neat and if
you don't mean you know I hate naps so
for me say the nap was good and needed
it sneeze a lot
stop throwing this I might give it back
but don't throw it
okay there you go you know there ha hey
guys so today I didn't post a vlog oh
wait did I woops
I'm sweating I have a blog I just never
edited it did sometimes words are too
difficult for me like risks risks and
ended high just joint is live how are
you alright you're all here hashtag
Saturdays and Rachel's that's what I'll
be looking like this Oh bed it is hot
here guys it is freaking hot except it's
not that hot State cuz it didn't hit a
hundred hit 99 but it didn't hit a
hundred so oh yeah and tomorrow I don't
think it's supposed to hit 90 which is
amazing very excited about that okay
there are singular ants there are
singular ants you know usually when
there's an ant problem there's like
Allina ants and you're like oh the most
dramatic in the world
anyway you know they just read online
Antony oh I know an answer coming from
or where they're going to there's just
like tensing your aunts do whatever they
want on my desk I can't figure it out hi
baby what's up so yeah more the dog part
today
all right new results not a fan time I'm
like where are they coming from please
find the ends meet them a little spicy
but you'll be okay okay all right dog
part people we're timing what time we're
gonna all go together so our dogs can
all play together I called five
different doggy daycares and none of
them took pickles and I was livid and I
finally found one place they aren't open
on weekends or on holidays cuz it's like
a small run place hey hey hey hey hey
look I'm trying so you can't bite me
while I'm talking nice about you where's
your toy tree
where she joined um and I finally found
one place so Tuesday he finally gets to
doggy daycare cuz you know sometimes I
need to go run errands or Mac I need to
go run errands and it's hard to do when
you got a dog all time
because he can't be left home alone yet
I mean we can create them but I always
feel bad I feel bad creating him anyway
but can you believe that five different
places wouldn't take pitbulls hey don't
eat my chair I'm trying to explain it
you're a good dog and it's not helping
that you're biting me and chewing my
chair up quite whatever this dude this
dude this okay
oh you gotta find it anyway enough about
my dog Oh what do you think about Taylor
Swift's new music video I think it was
clever I think it was very clever and
she was this smart I like oh I like
things with hidden meanings I'm all
about that
when his blazes birthday March first so
he just turned right he just turned six
months right
he just turned six months dude my chair
is not a toy I brought in like 20 toys
in here for you to play with my live
stream coming
oh now you're lifting my leg because you
feel bad you're licking my knee pit is
there is it nice and sweaty dude dude
mm-hmm
girl a clean stick to feel sho you'll be
at the meet and greet will we be able to
hug you I think I'm going to Bakersfield
show I think I am and I always go to the
meet and greets when I go the shows I
didn't meet and greets hello hello you
want to sit on my lap you fit perfectly
don't you snip out the ants snip out the
ants sniffing out yeah my wife is being
slow and you make it go faster I am NOT
the internet people I don't know how to
do that
I spent a lot of money to have my
internet be fast like it's a lot of
money and it's stupid and they do that
like you're gonna have Internet and it's
all like 20 bucks a month but you won't
be able to load anything it'll take you
about five years to load anything so if
you actually want Internet that's
supposed it does what it's supposed to
do you have to pay stupid amounts of
money don't you dare go for my coffee
thank you most embarrassing situation
I've got a lot but I don't even know I
choose to forget about embarrassing
situations I don't want to think about
them I've erased them from my mind
are you dressing up blaze for Halloween
probably I mean why wouldn't I
I haven't been putting a lot of clothes
on him like I know there's a lot of
shirts that you can put on the dogs like
it kind of keeps them tight
and they're not as hyper and stuff and
they behave better but it's so freaking
hot that I would feel like a terrible
person putting another layer on his body
so I think I dress him up from Halloween
and I know that there's a lot of places
he just ran straight into the mirror
please bro calm down you need to calm
down how many times wait to talk about
that that is you that is you in the
mirror
stop attacking yourself I love you
straight into their head yeah eat your
tongue dress up places Miranda I don't
even know how to do that like people
make their own dog costumes I don't know
how to do that I'm not that smart I
missed your Saturday's of Rachel's well
I'm back in action there's 113 days
until Christmas hallelujah thank the
Lord
do you know that I love you
well Katie did you know that I love you
too Oh God I'm so exhausted waking up
from naps is I think the most difficult
thing human beings do that is not an
exaggeration it's difficult hi
all right well this is keeping you in
one spot huh what - Bailey Parker Duncan
Jacob think about blaze bayley loves
blaze she has no fear she's all about it
and blaze is like yo you're all about me
I'm all about you they get along great
Parker's like yeah and Jacob is starting
to warm up to him uh but I don't let him
off leash near them because he's a heavy
dog and while he won't eat them he might
jump on them and that would knock them
down for sure
thanks cuz we're learning no Chuck we're
learning no job it's a long process but
yeah and uh blaze once Duncan's feet but
clearly he's not allowed to have them
you know so what hey relationship
you bit my finger
yeah I love your glasses well thank you
what's tweeting me of what I tweeted I
can't tell if I love or hate when
animals have clothes on and then cooling
said I hate it and then she constantly
dresses Gus out yeah the thing is I
don't like when people do it when it's
like normal for them and they're like my
cat just wears clothes my dog just wears
clothes I like it when it's like Gus is
in a hot dog that's funny to me um but
when it's cold out I think I'll put him
in clothes to keep him warm
I think I just don't like fluffy dogs
and my normal clothes it's just what I
don't like but hey you don't know until
you experience it firsthand so knock it
till you try it guys that is you that's
you
that is you that's you in the mirror
don't run into yourself yeah
go boy you know eat your tongue eat your
tongue Halloween plans guys it's
September 2nd why is it there's no
Halloween plans yet Clint I'm probably
too costume together get because duh and
maybe because we'll matchups Wizard of
Oz do we have enough will you be coming
out or the Cowardly line or one got Cena
countered the lion then Gus with more
will you mean a scarecrow or 10 man now
you'd be good scarecrow no brain yes
yeah how's everyone doing today
how's life what happened to the
headshots oh I picked the winners for a
long time ago if you said if I said if
you hit 10 of your friends to subscribe
I'll send out headshots I've hit the 10
winner
I haven't told them yet that's just
something I haven't gotten around to
doing I will do it I keep my word just
sometimes it takes me longer than you
expect it to let's blaze his favorite
toy it shifts right now he's into this
tongue he's supposed to eat it put it
not gonna do it but its tongue like this
and it looks like his tongues hanging
out and he does it but it doesn't look
like his tongue it just looks like a red
thing um but he switches last yeah I
just went at the garage door and the dog
is very intrigued by it uh it switches
it was a purple elephant last week you
never know you look really good thanks
this is uh sleep you ever get a cat or a
front for blaze hoping to get a friend
for blaze it wouldn't be a cat be
another dog
do you like flea markets uh get to one
oh yeah I don't think I heard Mendeley
market they entreat me I'm not talking
to you Doug I'm sick Georgia I'm sorry
what's this oh I was trying to figure
out you know people said you take
pictures and they circle the thing and
you're like trying to figure out what it
was that was me house vegan going good
Matt snuck some yogurt in to a meal the
other day because he thinks yogurts fine
he's a weird vegan um what it let me
tell you it made me constipated you
can't switch it up on a girl got it
Warner
you're Connor Warner Hey are you just so
sad are you just the most sad anyone's
ever been you wanted to see what's out
there do you want me to open the door
for you yeah all right let's open the
door open the door for you go see what's
out there
go see huh children these days
finally mom ourselves do you want a
small dog or big dog big dog he's not to
scratch back at the store don't
discriminate against cats
that's allergic we for health reasons
can't get a cat
I love Gus when are you writing another
book I don't think I am you don't think
that's in the cards for me I'm sweating
right now I thought you said Hedgehog I
probably did I am sweating so much my
house oh it stays at 82 a whole couple
Oh 82 like 78 all day oh the door you're
tweeting us you're saying hash tag
Saturdays are Rachel's or you just not
hanging out with me not a thousand a
year
well thank you for the kisses in my knee
pit thank you
sit at the computer there you go I dad
got my doggie door yes my coffee you
would have to go to the vet if you drank
my coffee caffeine is bad for you
yeah but I almost fell backwards you
have a little heart and caffeine will
make it beat too fast
did you hear the ice cube thing is math
getting ice water you heard the ice
cubes and I you a nice nice cheese face
well you have to go out there who wants
my charge of the ice right here
I have strep I need to get better for
your live show my watch oh my work show
is closer than I thought feel better by
then it's still like three weeks away
oh I go back to school on Tuesday help
me
Steffie I cannot help actually I can
watch Maya is it my newest or second
newest video is it my newest leaving no
idea on my main channel the videos I
have one and this tips some how to relax
when your stress so watch that you'll be
fine to school I was in a movie today
like you shot it or like what do you
mean like it got released today though
we see you in Australia I will not be in
Australia I am sorry but I'm not doing
that tour sorry huh someone's like
showing me on their TV that's a lot of
pressure
do do you treat one you guys saying it's
hard you guys some on photos the photos
are cute but I can't respond to the
photos because people watch the
livestream you can't see the photos hi
look at that doggy that doggies name is
squishy
no okay I can't move my computer down I
almost just tried to tilt my massive I'm
back down and that would have fallen on
us
and broke everything place Emily wants
to know if she can add a kiss
he is starting to snore so that's your
answer
I'm scared I'm selling a Shaw groans I
just went to my notifications because it
seems you guys a lot of you are using
the hashtags or using different hashtags
I don't know so I mean my notifications
now
Oh someone's complaining okay so you
know everyone's like ham is not a
retweet for that I think it's stupid so
whenever I want anyone ask you for any
say anything retweet wise I say ten
thousand retweets someone gets it I'll
do whatever they ask
but until then no I don't give out free
things you got to work for it everyone's
like how about 1,000 no I just spilled
coffee everywhere I know about saved
accounts I know about your fake accounts
no ten thousand that's my answer for
everything so if you're like cannot you
tell me I love you for ten thousand
retweets yeah no September no Halloween
yet October I'm so excited for Christmas
yeah that's what happens I'm excited for
the fall I really like the fall as I got
older I've gotten less interested in
summer and more interested in the fall
and winter I think that's because I
don't do school anymore so summer break
isn't like a break it's not a break I
don't get summer break I just get summer
so I just get heat and as a kid you have
time you go to the beach and stuff and
do things and you go on family vacations
you don't do that as an adult unless you
have kids so summer is just this hot
death of a few months but you might get
a panin if you care that much to get a
tannin and fall in winter like I think I
say snowboard now and I can wear lots of
clothing I like lots of clothing and it
doesn't rain or snow here that much well
doesn't snow belt it doesn't rain here
how much so winter is that's very lovely
so I I've learned to appreciate fall
more and I'm starting to like the fall
colors I've always liked the Christmas
colors that's winter Christmas is winter
um I like the fall and so you know I'm
okay with talking about Holly right now
I just have no plans for it yet my
family doesn't do plans until like two
days before or even the day of clean
text me today said I just bought this
inflatable thing come swimming and I'm
like not two minutes
god bless you
yeah so I don't have plans yet but I'm
all for winter I'm tweeting about winter
oh not what your fault tweet about fall
already I take my road test Thursday
please any tips I'm so scared is a road
test your driving test that's fine we
don't call you that it's what that is we
just use different terms um relax don't
hit anything or anybody follow the rules
you got this you got this
just relax no one likes a stressed
driver watch my video about relaxation
slushies are smoothies smoothies
especially too much fake sugar smoothies
a lot of real sugar
you got any merch coming up this month
yes I think we are finalizing a hat so I
think that will be up in a week or so a
little pit bull stop licking me is my
Ark I don't like market follow the
presses meat to be honest why you have
to embrace it you have to embrace the
crispness stood in the air the leaves
changing color if you live anywhere
outside of California Southern
California or Arizona Arizona doesn't
really change colors do this but I just
can't embrace it know that you know
Halloween's coming and did Thanksgiving
and then Christmas and then New Year's
Eve and then and it's kind of sex for a
while until fall it's against what are
you going skiing I am NOT guys here and
what I'm so hoarding but I think as soon
as mammoth opens and there's it's you
know lots of good snow we'll go we don't
have a plan
again we don't play anything super early
hi baby
do you need something no okay
you're beautiful oh thank you
I need food I just had a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich and it was delicious
where can you buy your book Amazon
Barnes & Noble smaller sites I've heard
of I go to my website Rachel Bollinger
comedy calm and go to the book tab where
you can't be what laughing at that hyper
tonight dog hairs oh I highly doubt I'm
going to show you my leg right now my
life is covered in scratches and bruises
because I the least graceful human in
the world and I don't think that the
camera is gonna pick up all the dog hair
that's on my leg right now for me I just
want you to see it's just the whole day
I haven't shaved my leg in like six
years
let's see if I can be with us let's see
I don't think I you know I'm gonna take
a picture on snapchat let's see we just
don't have so many bruises and scratches
on my light because I drop things on my
I run into things
I own a dog that I'm having trouble
filing his nails cuz he does not like
the trim huh
oh yeah oh yeah I'm just gonna nope yep
I just it's on my snap missed our ball
or hold on
this is or a live stream people that is
that's how much darn hairs on me and it
looks like I haven't shaved oh and then
you can see all my bruises and cuts from
I don't know what I don't know what that
there's a huge cut on my leg and that
was like you okay no idea Abram doesn't
hurt don't know forgetting it hey what
is this an inflatable bull riding pool
game I'm going over how smart
do you want a pet elephant and what was
so bad
I don't think I had the space for a pet
elephant but I beg to hang out with one
that was free and in the wild and was
not caged in any way shape or form in
the bath ah good night good night clumsy
I am closet when only your shirt and
mist shipped out I can't wait to get it
ah Natasha I don't know they said they
were gonna do pre-orders for a little
bit and then they'll ship it out
I can ask because I feel like I should
know that hi baby I should know that
information so I'll fade it out and let
you guys know I've tried so hard to like
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches why
can't I do it
Abby listen this is what you need you
have to figure out if you like
strawberry jelly or grape jelly and
don't eat the ones well it depends on me
honey because a lot of people like
different kind of textures when they eat
I like it with the fruit chunks in it
but grapes you don't give the fruit
chunks strawberry you eat the fruit
yes baby can I help you can I help you
that's my armpit that's my armpit so you
have to figure out what kind of jelly
you like do you like strawberry oh great
do you like it so much or chunky then
you had to figure out your peanut butter
do you like that creamy do you like it
with chunks of not do what extra chunky
they need to figure out your bread best
kind of bread white Wonder bread but
that's not very good for you so I go
with a whole new crust like 9 grain
healthy after but crap but since our
what you like you might not like it
ending the night and the day you might
not like it like if you just don't like
peanut butter you should don't like
jelly that's kind of ruin it
hey stop fighting me you know better
than this well it doesn't hurt it is
annoying thank you
so uh yeah just kind of experiment with
it
my dad is sending me things I love him
okay stop bagging with your dude I like
this chair it's a good chair don't fight
the chair here
papa dude your football yeah yeah eat
the football never had peanut butter and
jelly before you've not lived I hate my
friend so much I heard realize a kid I
don't eat it anymore you don't
since tomatoes are fruit is ketchup a
jam no because of the way it's made
isn't it like ketchup is made
differently the way jam is made I do
would that make marinara sauce a jam
because it's made out of tomatoes no
because it's different ketchup is a
marinara sauce they're different who
based on how thing is me hey-ya hey-ya
okay you guys found the snapchat good
when I saw the YouTube update yeah I
don't like really needs I don't have
pics on the phones I just I don't go on
YouTube on my phone I can't stand it I
hate it I have to use my computer so I'm
either on my laptop or my my Mac and
it's changed on this changes layout
there and I don't like it but that's
because I don't like change
so in about a week I'm going to forget
what the old layout look like and I'm
gonna like this new layout
you look so confused when you're reading
through your tweets
it's my concentration face it takes a
lot to read guys Paula says you're a
very good boy yeah you're a very good
boy
ah I knew those comics just look at him
died all right
did you do to mate please follow me
sure Emily good god go go go go
mom's pancakes bottles I can't Yanks
cookies are mom's eggs I trust those
eggs
hey hey don't go for the face ever
you're commenting on my ugly little
picture I told you guys my legs look
gross I can't wait to start wearing
pants again so I don't give as many cuts
I do get it just as much bruises but you
don't ever see them so I got pants on
okay you bought my glasses and others
your snot and slobber all over my button
dare go for the glasses you know it's
doing at this point
oh don't go away I love you to pieces
you can't go out my face he's a good dog
next winter nothing he does ever hurts
it's just he's heavy he's got a lot of
muscle he's about to freak out because I
can't get my face do this and thing is
contagious I just found three on my desk
I think they're little magical pants
they're not real because he has to
travel in the line and that patacones
just and thanks because there's just
crumbs all over my desk because we eat
in my desk
and then we don't clean up after
ourselves cuz we're really clean you
know are you looking at dimensions to
the hashtag million dimensions because
no one was tweeting the hashtag could
what's doing the hashtag wrong or I was
looking to the wrong ashtag I don't know
but there are more people commenting
mentions it in the hashtag so I'm in the
mentions on the iPhone it's weird okay
so they've got to update it on the
iPhone or they're just the phone I don't
know your mom wanted snapchat is the
best it is but she will text me go look
at my snapchat and it's just her and her
chickens or something I'm sick okay kill
mom I love her and she's very proud of
her snapchats
are you calmed down now
yeah you went back on my lap what
well-working hug and you won't you
learned so many other things so quickly
he is scared of roll over and I do not
know why he ones when you tell her all
over but he won't pick up hug he is you
just like the sweat you like when
there's sweat and I am sweating
profusely in the knee pit good boy no
longer I can keep this up oh he's hyper
we just woke up from like an hour nap
and he wants to play and I'm banging
table and neglecting him oh my gosh she
taught me taking out my glasses
good are you gonna change your icon on
Twitter again yeah I just kind of like
this one for a while
yes to help you do you want to go
outside do you wanna go playing the
house do you can you see what he's doing
he's congregate do you wanna go outside
do you wanna play in a house
only for a minute give me five whole
minutes all right
five more minutes guys I gotta put my
dog he's hyper I don't like popcorn is
that bad no it's not but poppers are
good for you shouldn't eat popcorn so
that's a good thing you don't like
popcorn I like popcorn um but it's not
that you don't like it you do you
someone sent me the phone
oh yeah the phone update doesn't look
good who is you in the mirror it is you
you are the mirror chair
what kind of breed of dog would you get
you got another one um I was thinking
pit like just doing on the pit cuz I
like them but then I saw baby Rottweiler
at the park but I think Matt like to
pitch her than Ross okay I think it's
gonna be white was I had my heart set on
the Ross I'm getting a rock getting a
rotten another search searching I was
like never the pit bull um so I think
you just have to be with it's time for a
dog I just go to a shelter and see
what's there if I fall in love I fall in
love it might not be either it might be
like a buck or a boxer or something like
that oh no oh no but it won't be coming
it'll be big I just realized you're not
able to have your mom's or I'll cookie
dough ice beam is 'm but ya know
sometimes like sheep every once in a
while and she and you know what it's a
special occasion I might have a little a
little spoonful hey hey hey yeah
so I screenshot are you pushing blaze on
the bed Lisbon he's heavy he thought it
was push what they all might don't bite
my hand there you go
Chad is really obsessed with sending me
the screenshot of me pushing to Atami
blaze on the futon did you think I did
something wrong do you think that was
like to rot for something because this
dog plays rough oh gentle huh
or did you just think it was funny could
you just keep sending me the picture I
don't know what you mean by just the
picture
oh you said you sent it another time in
lol data okay yeah
popcorn is overrated
popcorn always smells better than it
tastes
so recently Matt found out all its food
research that uh the popcorn that you
pop in the microwave has like really bad
chemicals in it that caused a lot of
cancer or whatever and so we start
getting those ones also those ones are
full of butter and we can't keep better
but I found that the pre popped bags
that don't have butter and they're just
like sea salt are really good because
they don't have a scent so you're not
expecting anything and it just tastes
better because when you smell popcorn
pop goo smells really pretty good but it
never tastes as good as it smells
this one tastes better than it smells
therefore it's just better all-round
do you want this in or do you just want
to bite my hand over my face good boy do
you like how to corn Oh No get a corn
tell corn is freaking good ish no give
me some of that
can I have responsibilities like playing
with the dog yes you can oh it makes me
angry when people tweet like oh my god
no no no fish nor a fish you play with
your puppies yeah the bus around
responsibility ever yes
what's your jam these days I already
have a jam these days I'm never leaving
music at the moment that sounds sad
I just with radio little FM stations in
my car as I'm driving around that's
about it I knew bye guys I need a new
pop do you like
Puccini Alfredo uh not really
actually go I'm more of a red sauce to
the white sauce kind of person Hey so
like my armpit stop licking my armpit
they're my armpits not yours
you can't have my deodorant if you take
my phone my deodorant I'll smell if you
take it off I smell I already smell I'm
sweating a lot baby you can't read it I
love you all right guys I think I'm
losing views like crazy like just leave
your dog alone again you won't stop
attacking me that's my crotch no
columnist crotch is off-limits guys
maybe you should buy blazes own theater
ring to lick I don't think you're
supposed to be licking it these YouTube
comments elf oh I look to the YouTube
comments YouTube comments are mean you
guys are mean on their twitter is nice
hi I hate pizza thoughts you can't have
anything on his desk you're not even
supposed to be on of those yeah you'll
show me toys play with you eat pizza I'm
sorry I need someone who ate if it's
actually dating someone who hated pizza
and then you started getting stoned all
the time after we broke up and decided
he likes pizza so that's all I have to
say about that
what color blazes eyes they were bright
blue he is staring at the wall but look
me there like a grayish right now
they're not glow anymore for sure
Wiki feet is shaking in their shoes are
we it's shaking in their shoes WWE is
shaking in their shoes oh you're
misspelling something are you saying WWE
like the wrestling women's wrestling on
something like that about the east and
AH cuz I sacked place probably try
popcorn dipped in pickle juice
Alex no have you ever watched the Dolan
twins no actually I haven't but they
seem like nice guys I feel like I
correct me if I'm wrong but I feel like
they don't have any scandals so um they
just call me my friend said they were
super nice nothing against them at all
just haven't watched him I have a dream
I had it ventured out of my YouTube
watching people like I have no new
people that lives who should i watch who
should i watch because i don't know i
have like the same people i've been
watching for the past few years added
like maybe two in the last six months i
need to add more people help you he just
winked he had blinked but did one eye at
a time so yeah I think people I open on
me he's just fighting with himself in
the mirror now don't scratch the mirror
but yeah I don't know give me something
to watch who should i watch who should
what channel couldn't could be old could
be new who knows
what do you think of people who lie
where they line about are you saying
like oh no I didn't get you a birthday
present but really you did that's a good
life like ah your birthday I forgot your
birthday trick you know surprise party
that's a goal i well not complete there
is there a skew surprise party it's not
the surprise party let's just say Oh
trick to UM hey stop it
did you do you think you know but lying
all together is usually a bad thing
say that you try not to lie how's your
folks today terrible because Matt snuck
in yogurt in my meal and if you don't
eat dairy and then you eat some berries
your poops change guys I'm gonna say
your poops change and so my poops have
been like these thin little annoying
things that are endless wipes I'm not
about it I'm very angry is this creepy
do it's a shot of a school hallway empty
no he'd be a great place to photo shoot
that's what I think Rachel I'm not
looking for YouTube comments also Rachel
films comments on her snapchat
no no my YouTube one isn't a mention
I've actually been great lately um which
was surprising me but I miss just cuz no
Randle's are watching my videos it's all
people that like me which is really cool
thanks guys so those comments are always
great when I do live streams for some
reason when I do live streams people are
mean in the comments and I don't know
why it's the only time I get a lot of
negativity um so I just choose not to
look at it why no reason to do it so
that's why I'm on Twitter but yeah my
main channel those comments are been
great lately God like every one or two
negatives during your video which is
normal oh yeah YouTube you come you're
fine
searching for something what's your
favorite vegan food I had these peanut
butter cookies that were vegan which I
can't find out the box with because I'm
really bad for us but I got in the mouth
out of town
I want to meet more of them I realized
you've been sitting it's like 45 minutes
didn't you do outside we're not going to
the park for like our boys I can place a
little bit okay eyes are like great
green anyway how long have I been doing
this live stream let's check let's see
when I posted my tweet about it 44
minutes I'm pretty funny I achieved a
pretty good live stream if you ask me so
I'm a sign off thank you guys for
watching picture hanging out with me I'm
not gonna make any promises because you
never know what's gonna happen I was
gonna be a knight I don't do it my
life's changed I'll come for my long
time oh my god why you guys we just
established lines bad unless it's like
for a good end result that is positive
for all people not like oh I lied so I
got away with something that's a good
result you know what I'm talking about
like peasants oh so much anyway so I'm
adding here I owe you so much thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time say
bye glaced sake I think you're worthless
love you bike
