baby boy is sick please mom last night
he woke me up at 3 a.m. to go poop which
was normal because he didn't do his
nighttime poop so that was normal and
then at 9 he didn't wake me up
you should wake me up at like 7 or 8
it's like playing with me until I cuddle
him and then I'll go back to sleep till
9:00 well I woke up at 9:15 and he
hadn't bugged me so I attacked him as
one does he was all excited and I was
like okay let's go eat and he didn't
follow me
and so I I went back and I was like dude
it's feeding time come on and I kinda
forced him outside and he ran outside I
went poop again which is normal for his
morning poop and they came in and he
looked at his food I put down for him
and just ran back to bed my dog has
never refused food in his entire life
it's not in his system to refuse food
and I was like he's just tired cuz he
woke up at 3 a.m. I don't know so I laid
down with him for like 10 minutes and
then he got up and he vomited and
usually when he vomits there's like
something in the Bhama that's like my
stomach didn't want to digest this here
you gets clean it up now mom it was just
a liquid though and there was like a few
little like maybe like a leaf and it
wasn't a big deal something very
digestible and then I was like okay
maybe now he wants to eat cuz usually he
just throws up and then he wants to eat
it so I took him to his food and he look
looked at it whined and then went on his
bed outside and my heart sank I was like
well my dog second I brought him back
inside where it's a seed and put him on
his bed and laid with him he just wind
it for like 10 minutes straight just
whining so I called the vet where you
going buddy look it he's walking he
missed his food okay you can sleep in
the Sun okay baby honey I called the vet
and they're like you know maybe we
should check it out cuz he's a puppy and
usually puppies don't refuse food and
everything online was like Jacob to the
fact refusing food is an underlying
condition of a serious medical fight so
taking that one it's looking at my watch
that's not on my wrist that's helpful
thought I am I haven't put my watch on
yet three hours he's going in I got a
shower and make sure he stays alive this
is not fun
then not fun it's not fun it's not fun
let me know if you need anything okay
okay I'm going into the emergency room
okay cuz baby you gotta eat your foods
when the symptoms he has and also we
know for a fact he ate half a dryer
sheet and I'm pumped yesterday because
that is something he's been trying to
get to his entire life and he finally
succeeded so he was proud of himself but
my mom ripped half of it out his mouth
but it seems he had eaten it already
half of it so they think that that might
be an obstruction which means they have
to do an x-ray we want on him and stuff
as I called the vet and explained
everything they like take him to the
emergency room they're very good at just
like you know it's fine but definitely
leave right now they try and remain calm
which is their job so we're going there
right now and hopefully he's okay
hopefully it's like he's just gonna tell
me bug didn't just take some medicine
he's fine or he does have something in
his tummy and they just give him some
medicine to throw up
you know let's hope that I need to get
this guy pet insurance because he keeps
putting things in his mouth he's not
supposed to okay so we don't know really
anything yet I had to call poison
control and tell them what he ate and
then they were like okay it's probably
not poisonous because it was a used
dryer sheet so it might just be
obstructing his insides so I think they
induced him throwing up so he threw up
and a little bit of the dryer sheet came
out but he still isn't a hundred percent
so they're gonna x-ray em to make sure
there's nothing else in his stomach
that's not supposed to be there they're
going to find a lot of sticks and leaves
so that's happening right now but they
are super busy right now apparently all
dogs like to do things are not supposed
to on Saturdays and have to go to the
emergency room so they said it's gonna
be about an hour hour and a half before
I get the results
so then I can go home and come back home
but I am walking to Starbucks because
it's noon now it's almost noon and I
haven't really eaten and I didn't get to
drink my coffee so I'm gonna go
Starbucks and fuel up look at this you
guys want that shirt want that try get
that straight buy that
let's try to distract myself so I
discovered that there's a pet store
right next to the Starbucks so I may or
may not be a lying blaze some bowties a
new collar because I lost both of his
collars I don't know where they went
chicken toy so uh you know don't judge
me I'm spoiling him he had a rough day
here's a rough day he need some
happiness once he gets home we are home
and look at this lump on his back
this lump thing I can't even can you
guys even notice what that is he's got
this lump they like suck IVs in him and
fluids and stuff to rehydrate because
she's barking so much because basically
like fluid lump and then she's gonna
disperse into his body over the next 24
hours
I bought him this new toy yeah you get
you get it so you can't eat for 6 hours
6 hours I give him 2 tablespoons 2
tablespoons of this food so if he keeps
that down every three to four hours I
feed him like another two tablespoons so
basically he's going to want to die
because he's not gonna get fed for the
next week you're gonna be a nightmare
the next couple days aren't you an
absolute nightmare and I haven't
showered yet today it's 1 p.m. we just
got home you left here at what 10:00
in three hours I haven't showered I had
a fruit bar and some chips at Starbucks
this is one being vegan sucks buddy I
shouldn't be complaining to you about
dieting right now okay I finally
showered and then put back on my dirty
clothes still sleeping that's been
sleeping since we got home I'm gonna
give it what is on the tip of your
tongue open up your mouth open up your
mouth just buzz from a toy you can't be
eating things like this baby your tummy
hurts dogs can't reason with them you
know just gross girl what I was gonna
say Oh some groaning breathe supper II
sent me these shoes whoa
their guest shoes they're my size I'm
very excited to wear them I feel like
I'm only gonna wear them on special
occasions because they're so nice I
don't want to dirty them all the time
like these shoes used to be all white
and now they're just you know that color
chef's isn't blaze that baby I'm so
sorry was I talking too loud was it
talking too old yeah okay okay to Billy
okay cap Bell he's Jeb go Billy Gooden
I'm so sorry no I'm not they said that
watch out for him being super lethargic
but my pony be lethargic if he has no
food no he'll be super annoying
basically but he's really tired right
now like maybe it's too lethargic for
too long like your bet now but I'm like
look he just went through all this crap
I'm gonna give him the day to sleep and
then if he's still with Artic tomorrow
or after he eats his two tablespoons
I'll be concerned did you not like me
talking you don't you don't want me to
talk about you all right I'll put the
camera down I gotta go pick up his poop
outside anyway I'm at Colleen's
place place place place place again he's
over it
I like your pajamas not very cute monkey
there's a baby there's a happy baby
thank you please keeps trying to get at
his feet he likes his feet do you like
his feet yup see the right through her
feet she's not talking about you
you and your tail go and she's not
talking about you can you looking at me
for it pretend the camera's out here
come on aren't you a blogger and I
cannot forgive me the camera the camera
what you cannot look at speech
