huh dog dog hey please
no Matt left for the week he's went up
north to do fantasy football stuff and
work and stuff so I'm gonna go see some
houses I'm house hunting again I took a
month off because it is stressful and so
my mom is here watching blaze for me and
then she's leaving town she's been in
town for two weeks watching Gus I had
yeah so now you get a dog as the closer
he's a little hyper today she don't get
scratched up by them new claws I gotta
get those cut already
- semantics the masa so I turn it I have
to drive the big truck around haven't
been driving this truck at all cuz we're
like okay let's think logically we got
this to do snowboarding and when we do
it like would projects have to go to
Home Depot things like that when we mean
both cars so we don't drive this very
often anymore which is good because the
gas mileage sucks and you don't want to
put a bunch of wear tear on it cuz it's
a good truck you wanna keep it for a
long time finally I get to drive it
oh yeah oh I'm livid oh I'm mad I'm done
seeing the houses they're great whatever
kitten then that story pissed no listen
okay
I've dog I love my dog that's awesome
best dog in the world little bias no
best dog ever so I have things to do
this week like Matt's out of town this
whole week and I was like you know what
I've heard these great things about the
daycare at the place he blaze did his
puppy training I was like it's like I
ran into someone who had a husky and she
was like oh yeah I always say in this
place they have a webcam so you can
watch them it's a decent price and it's
air-conditioned which is huge cuz I was
like the days that are 100 hundred and
to here I don't want to take him to the
park cuz it's way too hot for both of us
so I was like I stick him in an a/c
place with a lot of puppies to play with
he would have the time of his life cuz
that dogs dream play with dogs like
people's faces
I call to get him evaluated cuz you have
to get yes you have to go and drop off
your dog for an hour so they can
evaluate them to see if they're a good
fit for the place to see if you know
they're too rough or what group they
should go in because it has different
groups depending on how rough or softer
they play you know some dogs don't even
want to play they just want to sit and
do nothing
so they evaluate the dogs so I called
the place oh hi Mike hi and then they
asked for my information and they're
like okay we can do Monday at 9:30 you
know said great and they're like okay
what breed is Cena said pitbull like uh
and what gender oh I'm getting a phone
call from my agent hold on sorry off the
phone
Emily I'm giving away tickets to go see
Ingrid goes west but not in this block
anyway like okay and what gender and is
he fixed and I was like it's a boy and
yes he's fix they were like okay
unfortunately we don't take male
pitbulls um and I was like wait what
she's like yeah we have a list of breeds
we don't allow an male pitbull is on
there if you were a female and he's just
started she just started a marina hammer
in and Aaron and I live it my mom looked
at me interested what and I face is red
and I was like are you are you for real
she was like yeah and I was like even
though he's the sweetest dog on the
planet she was like yeah we just we
can't take male pitbulls and I said well
that's bull her and I hung up I am sure
that wasn't the right response I'm aware
I should have handled myself a little
more class but I was livid you're not
even gonna give my dog that you're not
even gonna look at my dog's face and
you're gonna tell me you can't take him
cuz you just know he's gonna be a bad
dog my dog is awesome he is a very well
trained dog he greets everyone at the
park he loves everybody he's he doesn't
he doesn't have a vicious bone in his
body
when dogs at the park growl at him cuz
there are some grumpy dogs the park that
aren't pit bulls when they growl at him
he runs away and hides behind human my
dog is a and I've trained him that
way and I encourage that behavior
because I don't want him to fight ever
and he doesn't fight ever so for them
just to be like nope your dogs not
allowed
we're not gonna give him the time of day
we're not gonna even let him try we're
not gonna give him the chance to show
how great he is cuz we've just decided
he sucks because he's a pit bull you
breed his mother my dog is denied fun
and an ACD room because he's a pit bull
have you seen my dog guys have you seen
how amazing my dog is how cute he is
how loving he is I'm angry hemming he
plays so well he loves playing with dogs
I don't I'm just so mad about the whole
thing I'm livid so my mom was like
probably might take place to Santa
Barbara with me you'll go to
christopher's and you come to Santa
Barbara later tonight pick him up and I
was like that is a lot of driving for me
but okay so you know what grandma
daycare is better than any freaking
daycare and it doesn't allow pickles I'm
gonna go build some stuff with
Christopher that'll get my anger out
goodbye
also why was he allowed to do puppy
classes there but not allowed to attend
the daycare what why don't get it I
don't get it
and I made it to Christopher's and
Jessica's and we have already started
building building a craft station you're
basically a table that the kids can
destroy the top of so that they don't
have to keep ruining like tables and
sidewalks and things hey Parker are you
so how you say hello
wait I want them to see your beautiful
necklace uh-huh
beautiful he is gonna put all of these
beads on this piece of string it's
gorgeous let us know when you're done
okay all right then Christopher Ojai has
chosen Pratt glasses as his eye
protection yes these are not
prescription these do nothing but make
me look awesome
he needs some prescription glasses
don't look like a Superman Clark Kent
status Thank You Rachel you're welcome
it's like the nerdy version of a
superhero correct that's what I was
going for it's a sad moment for us
Christopher has two drills and was
bragging about two drills because then
if you have two drills don't have to
change the drill bit for the screwing
bit you know technical terms and both
drills are dead so it's gonna take a
while Mike goes no I'm not doing it like
if it's too hard it's just cuz no what
what has no source everyone knows not to
get it this is 20 volt max supposed to
be an excellent drill it has great
reviews don't get it I haven't proud a
problem with mine and mines of what's
mine and Academy ketta Makita did a
Makita not a default do Walt not a hi
pounds it Parker would like to tell you
guys something
it is a beautiful I like the the
singular yellow and the two oranges I
love it
good artistic decision and a pink oh I
didn't even see that it's not right in
there I like these colors because it's I
kind of or the darker purple yeah yeah
that's pretty Rachel's doing
construction on us guys she was doing
great and no nothing all right we made a
craft table and Parker is helping finish
the job by sanding it was the most
important job so we left it for him
we need to make the seats I don't know
if we're making the seats today
Christopher nailed it
this works the best proud dad all right
just left Chris rose and Jessica's by
the way I am giving away Ingrid tickets
today or a discount I don't know tell
you guys the end of this video or if you
want to skip to it you can go sleep to
it but your good goes West tickets they
gave me I didn't read my email right
they gave me some tickets or some
discounts or something I'll explain it
later what's I read the boys let's go
petal so we can go home my place go
pedal
go pedal so we can go home baby don't
cry guy he went to the spider there's a
pit oh good boy plays and I made it home
there's crickets in the house right now
so he's currently trying to find all of
them to play with but when you you hit
them with your paw to play with them you
kill them don't you and then you get sad
because they stopped moving and then I
beat you into eating them cuz I don't
want dead cricket on my floor go find a
cricket bang grid ticket things I'm
tired so I'll do that in the morning
okay so for those Ingrid goes West's
movie tickets I have a discount code for
five dollars off movie tickets see
Ingrid goes wet I'm gonna read this off
so I don't get it wrong so if you guys
wanted seeing her goes west five dollars
off here you go so you go to
fandango.com or the fandango's mobile
app I'm gonna put links below
okay so everything I say there's links
below and then you pick the movie so
Ingrid goes west the theater the
and the number of tickets and then you
use the promo code Ingrid 10 put it on
the screen and down below I have a
hundred ticket discounts so a hundred of
you can go so you do it now rather than
later because you don't know you don't
know who's gonna do it so use the promo
code and then if needed pay any
remaining balance alright that's it for
this one I love you guys oh this expires
September 8th so you can do this until
September 8th or until one hundred
people have used it then you're done
with it so I do it sooner rather than
later
go see movie today or tomorrow it's the
weekend do it before school start you
know you want to all right I love you
guys thank you so much for watching
you're all lovely human beings and
that's it peace out
