I was eating lunch so I could talk at
full volume now couple things out just
before the whole vlog starts I have noon
workshop I'll put the link to that down
below just two shirts but every month
we're gonna try and put out new stuff
just like one new thing I've got a
couple things I have lined up and people
are asking if it's limited edition as of
right now it's not but I'll let you know
if they're telling me that something's
not selling some with your grant a kit
off just cluttering up the website so
save you money if you want to buy
something you have time and then I just
reminder I have live shows coming up in
Arizona and in Utah the links to those
below as well it's the 23rd and 24th
September get tickets to that I'm
already I've been changing my show and
planning it since my last show so these
ones will hopefully be better I have to
poop I haven't pooped yet today wait did
I cook today
this is gonna be a double poop oh my
gosh mine is a tiny poop earlier usually
I have one massive poop in the morning
and then I'm done but I was at a little
one earlier so I got stuff left in me
all right
my dogs probably done eating so he's
gonna poop in the sunroom if I don't let
him out soon for such a poop buddies you
still eating yep and you're still eating
let me know when you're done okay you're
making a mess on your bed can we just
talk about this can we talk about how
all those little specks are his food
like why aren't you eating your food why
is it turning into mush on your bed I
have to rinse off your bed every day you
don't care okay all of it you don't know
did you get it all out
oh there's a few left I'll help you I'll
help you there you go that's no there
was more than a few you lazy all right
now it's all out anything oh look at
that
do you see the dust you can't see it to
the flooring just food everywhere
so uh hey good morning the solar eclipse
is supposed to happen in about 20
minutes let's see what we can see I'm
not gonna look up because apparently
everyone's very concerned about everyone
being blinded so I'm just gonna look
through my camera not in the view front
like a note but let's see oh where is it
oh they're just guys why
that's the Sun so that's what it looks
like it was so exciting guys look how
cool about what like a little light glad
we saw that together in 20 minutes that
apparently is awesome by the way
search for a night guy last night not
wearing a pant you know all these came
out to join me are you excited blaze
this is what everyone has been talking
about for a week are you so excited
don't look up though I'm supposed to
keep you inside in case you look up
don't look up good boy
apparently the dogs can go blind if they
look up to I might have to put him
inside although he seems like he's just
gonna fall asleep you just go fall
asleep oh boy alright another look-see
this is where we're at though so just
that okay still have a son it's still
there still a light it is still a thing
that is a light
oh I bring my brightness down it's not
as bright I like five minutes later
here's the Sun still being a Sun could
drop a little Sun good job bill a Sun so
they're still doing things I don't think
I'm gonna be able to see anything well
that was so cool guys guys I think I got
the best shot of the solar eclipse I
totally took that 100% everyone kept
telling me like a lay was where you can
fully see it dude you had the glasses
but then I found out later nope not at
all it only happened like 70 percent in
LA there's less than that I don't know
but yeah it is Monday night and I'm
really gonna blogging so you know I
don't miss huge chunks of time that it's
Monday night and I have no idea what I
want to do for my video tomorrow I know
my Thursday video is gonna be all I want
to do is build things all they do is sit
on Pinterest and look at things I want
to build it's literally all I do with my
life I'm actually in town this weekend
so I think to entertain myself I'm just
gonna go to Home Depot and buy a bunch
of stuff and then just build a bunch of
things because that's what I really want
to do and I kept like
I don't does anything tonight buy a
house and I have a wood shop station no
I'm the room for it screw that I want to
do it so I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna
stop putting it off I want to build
things but what I should be doing is
figuring out a frickin video for
tomorrow also I keep I mentioned as a
live stream I keep trying to hire people
to do my website and no one will take my
money so I think I'm just gonna go on
freaking Squarespace couldn't make a
website because I'm serious business
anyway that's where I am right now
that's my life my dog is eating an
antler outside in his sunroom and that's
that's not it it looks really exciting I
know I want to see how my dogs doing
you're still enjoying yourself why is
this room blue what you do in this room
what's happening why is this room blue
okay I fixed it you don't care about me
at all
all right it's the day after that
beautiful breathtaking solar eclipse so
my mom's birthday so I am picking her up
right now because she's just sitting
flush house-sitting for Colleen so I'm
going to pick her up right now and we
are going to go to her favorite tea
place to get tea and then go over to
Christopher's and Jessica's because she
wants to see the kids obviously ingress
for Jessica oh she wants to go to Target
I think maybe the dog park with me and
my dog house I have this thing on my arm
don't know what it is but it hurts a lot
it's really painful sore I don't like it
it's been there for a couple days it's
kind of getting worse but this t-shirt I
cut up because no cuz it's hot it's hot
here I don't but just the sweat
happening Colleen had these shirts made
for my mom two years ago on her birthday
and I still had mine so I was like what
a shirt to wear I want a shirt the wire
okay let's go my mom Shelly okay I just
pulled up my mom just texting me I'm one
minute late am i coming to you oh my god
woman I'm one minute late calm down
got him so I brought my mom over to
Christopher and dresses Christopher's in
Canada I didn't even know that but
Jessica and four children which is
plenty we don't Nietzsche Korres Lavar
what's on oh I thought I was a scratch
my head it's my hair oh oh
camera just a happy little guy
you don't like that kind okay so we're
done with Christopher's and Jessica's
even though Christopher wasn't there I
keep nning to say his name but my mom
would have new pair of sunglasses for
her birthday so we're at Target she
didn't want fancy if I offer to take her
like sunglass hut and stuff she didn't
want none of that she won t pose from
Target so we're gonna do a little
fashion show see what looks best on her
I kind of like this we'll put him on a
whole winter it's not it's not a chicken
dinner yet no too cool at the school
okay I'm too cool at the school those
work I forgot what they were but the
other one for are they the exact same
once no I think I like these ones better
I'm making you into a diva I kinda like
him she doesn't like it when they have a
little plasticy why isn't it focusing
come on
the one time you focus on my face and I
want you to focus on something else okay
focus okay okay you get the idea she
doesn't like the plastic thing is in the
middle
they're lopsided why are they lopsided
my face is lops my ears are different
sizes daddy always has a lopsided I
think these ones are the winner I think
the no wonder the middle-aged bougie
woman and I think that's what you are
there you go see keeping it young
keeping it young mom all right I drop my
mom off at cleans I stop focusing on me
come on you were all focused on me
earlier when I was holding sunglasses
and wanted you to not focus on me what
is HAP is it okay baby
there we go anyway drama mama we're
doing dinner separately because we eat
there well she has her meals planned and
like prepared and stuff and she wants to
eat those and then I eat vegan so I else
things words sentences yeah and then I'm
gonna hang out with her I'm gonna bring
blaze over to Queens later well I'm
going to the store right now to pick up
stuff for dinner real quick no I wanted
to say something yesterday well today
when he watches is Jessica today I
posted a video am i smarter than a 5th
grader
and got the idea from scrolling through
Facebook I always on Facebook and you
guys always make fun of me for it
but I'm always taking those stupid
quizzes I saw that one and I was not
that make a funny video so I made a
video about it and then this morning my
texture cooling and Jessica and I was
like what's a better title we always
help each other was thumbnails and
titles of stuff there was a better title
and give him variation Chloe went you
know Liza just did that right I was like
wow and I had no one idea and so I
looked I was like everyone's gonna think
I copied her I did I should she did it
on her second trip I don't even know she
had a second Channel I'm subscribed to
her main channel because obviously she's
the queen of the internet but I had no
idea and now I keep getting tweets and
comments being like yo listen I give
credit where credit is due trust I'm all
about that but this one was genuinely
just a coincidence and I'm sorry if I've
offended anyone but also even if I did
steal it I didn't steal it but even if I
did steal it or copy her that's kind of
what you type from the air of YouTube
when everyone just did that everything
was challenges and tags and everyone
just did each other's ideas and stuff
like you created something and you're
like hoping that other people would
follow what you did is like make it a
thing but that is not YouTube anymore I
never was very people do anything
slightly similar no Matt just texted me
the longest list of extra things we need
at the grocery store I was opposed to
get like three things and I have a list
of like 20 but anyway clarify I did not
copy Liza
fan of hers but I wasn't I'm not
subscribed to her second channel that
should be just because she's funny and I
like her stuff but I didn't copy her it
was just a coincidence great minds think
alike huh I'm smarter than a 5th grader
okay but anyway that's but yeah that's
really nice getting tweets all day
telling me how much I suck and you know
that's great didn't do anything except
not check every single person's channel
to make sure they didn't have a similar
idea or title or whatever but I did see
a few people say say like comment
they're like I thought she was gonna do
it lies a day so I have a feeling why's
this video is different which is the
same titles I don't know I should watch
it and educate myself but anyway oh my
gosh
