what's up I want to do it little tiny
demo on me building an entryway table
using the wood that was in a wall in my
house that I took down so it's not
finished wood it's like builders wood
but that's in right now right making
things look old and rustic guys what's
called farmhouse style we're building it
so I have my pieces I have the plans in
my head and I'm gonna cut the pieces
according to what I need using myself
and not my dog
dog you need to step away from that okay
I cut all my pieces of wood and now I
need to sand them they're all sanded now
it's time to condition the wood pre
stain it and condition it sustain it
it's pre condition now I wait like 10-15
minutes and it lightly with 220
sandpaper I'm gonna wipe it off and then
it's time to stain it now they dry there
are all different kinds of woods and way
different textures so they all look
different and these ones I like red but
we're just gonna let it happen and then
you put it together are you impressed I
am it's great to wake up late good
afternoon good afternoon to you okay I
am on my way to a plumbing supply store
to try and finally fix she's talking to
me try and finally fix the hallway
bathroom like the guest bath big shower
because that shower doesn't work and
sometimes we need shower at the same
time so any two functioning showers if
we're American okay the plumbers store
didn't have what I needed but they
helped me find out on Amazon and that is
quality customer service if you ask me
people with depression I have a sad fact
for you doing a little workout right now
in my gym if I show you guys my
I know ice no showed my Instagram but
this guy's not allowed in the gym
because he eats things like workout
gloves and all these things and towels
so he's not in the gym but he has to
always be able to see me when he's in
the house and I'm in the house so I put
a blanket down right there as soon as I
start working out and he comes and
brings a toy and chews on it and sits on
it's like it and watches me work out it
works it works he sees me but he's not
in the gym found the loophole so after
this I need to shower put some makeup on
and from the video this is Wednesday
night and I have a video for tidy ofor
tomorrow it's a testing Amazon products
I found a bunch more that I love I know
I just did one of these last month but I
genuinely just love testing things it's
like science and toys all in one oh I
want to do one of those but the helmet
so mad at me just does the space bar not
pause things anymore what in the world
oh no I just started over anyway he's so
mad at me that he can't come in he's
been pouting dude you can see me just
like when I'm in the living room when
you're on the couch and I'm doing other
things you can go sleep on the couch no
one's stopping you
so I don't want to felt last night so I
didn't so I'm going to film it's morning
it's 10:00 a.m. I got time but uh I've
been seeing this thing before we did my
makeup I was saying this thing on the
internet that people mix all their
foundations together and man EMU and
loved it so I'm gonna mix all my
foundations together for my makeup today
ready dogs are you eating a toilet paper
roll don't act like you working that
okay here we go
dan I owned one foundation am I supposed
to be owning 50 like everyone I'm
because their beauty gurus but I own one
foundation I saw that I was like well
can't participate in that Trent let's
see how it looks guys all of them mixed
together like this
how does it look guys all my foundations
in one I love it full coverage full
coverage I don't know anything about
makeup still
