oh I'm back tweet
what's up guys I haven't done one of
these in forever
but I was sitting on my couch doing
nothing and I went wow I could be doing
nothing with you guys so that's what I'm
doing on my snapchat this out real quick
a copy the link from my Twitter copy
link and add to my snap it's a whole
process guys come on let me paste thank
you
I woke up my dog stay asleep if you wake
up and get rowdy I got to leave them so
for their benefits stay asleep
attach the snap can you guys hear me
I didn't even check to see if this was
good wait I need to put a filter on it
beautiful okay you guys are here so it
seems to be working okay
okie dokie going to the hashtag
Saturdays at Rachel's waiting patiently
for Saturdays at Rachel's to start I
think wait wait to talk about it's 30 I
was 39 seconds ago I've been on for a
minute how dare you pages so oh I got
lipstick on me first mark not a hickey
there you go
for those of you who are new here at
least free okay all the things I'm
reading her from earlier today oh do you
guys are mad at me for not doing a live
stream well I did one now I'm doing one
okay that mark just I'm not going to go
away is it now I'm seeing red for the
rest of the day whatever oh you're good
we could see you Thank You Erin you know
what's say in anything guys I can't
communicate with you if you're not
saying things to me also Twitter she's
probably lagging all right Juliet is
watching me hello Olivia dropped
everything for this don't drop
everything you want to break a phone
what did you do today
well Kaley I went to the farmers market
because apparently Matt and I are those
people now we're vegan mostly
pescetarian and we go to farmers markets
I don't care about a dog more than
anything else
those are the kind of people we are now
done that about it but what's the first
market and then I went to grocery stores
and have everything at the farmers
market and then I watched a bunch at the
office so I'll doing stuff on my
computer you know an exciting day I am
going to dog park a little bit and then
I'm going over to visit my mother she's
a town with my father
eczema under my armpit and it's so gross
because I put my deodorant on it and
then I can't put my excellent gel on but
if I come xima gel on I can't put
deodorant on and I'm like in I'm so you
know I used to have really bad eczema in
my elbow pits but my eczema gel cleaner
right up don't have to worry about that
anymore but I can't get the ones on
under pits to go away huh Ben Miller got
back from camp yesterday and I'm
catching up on my videos well I was nice
to you and didn't put them back many up
with my vlog channel so well take super
long to catch up just a little bit of
time so that was my gift to you can I
just have your dog no iris it is my dog
I'm afraid let you guys see it right now
my that's my dog I just moved an entire
computer to show you huh tell your
mother I said hi I will Molly Duffy
what's your favorite thing to put
ketchup on french fries yeah I will not
eat french fries if they don't have
ketchup on them except McDonald's french
fries
you can't put ketchup on McDonald's
french fries it's just not allowed
they're just delicious on their own but
I won't need a French bread without
ketchup on it but I could eat pretty
much anything else in the lack ketchup I
wouldn't like it as much like
hot dog or burger this is when I'm
eating all those delicious foods I could
eat those without the ketchup but I
would need something else on it french
fries no I don't want to dip it in
barbecue sauce I don't want to dip it in
a frosty I don't want to dip it in
anything but ketchup how's the vegan
vegetarian diet going it's boring I was
gonna do a video about it but so I'm
pescetarian but people think that means
I can eat dairy I'm not eating dairy I'm
I'm vegan with twice a week I eat a fish
think that makes sense like I had salmon
for lunch today but I don't I don't eat
any dairy products like butter or milk
or things yogurt for cheese can't have
any of that it's boring it's not that
hard I mean it is hard when I go out but
I will cheat a little bit
just cuz I'm doing it for health reasons
and it's not healthy continuously
stressed out and starve yourself if you
can't eat anything
I had a catered event and you've hungry
so I'll cheat a little bit I'm just not
asking something has butter on there or
eggs and then how does yeah I did knock
a couple of times in Canada they catered
their respective cater uh well
everyone's in the editing room and they
bring veggie sandwiches but they'll have
like mayonnaise on it and I'm not even
age but I ate it anyway cuz I didn't
almost dress about it and starts dead
so I'll cheat a little bit but like 90
percent of time 95% of time I stick to
it it's really easy to do at home it's
just sometimes who gets a little boring
I will say that someone's was trying to
make me speak another language and it
was confusing to my brain my brain wants
to know if I've decided what video to
film with Gwen I haven't I'll do it next
week it's sometime but I haven't figured
it out yet you're going to give me some
good suggestions they were mainly call
fans but I have my mother I want to do
something more exciting I can do that on
my own I want to do something epic with
her
what you saw in McDonald's food it's
delicious but you regret it you can see
his little tiny face in the mirror tiny
face make a beg for more I ever thought
of doing another kids crafts again yeah
Michael they just I decided this will
show up in my channel a little bit I've
been doing like talking to the camera a
little skits so you know that's going
hey that's what I want to do right now
I'll do another craft or ask you know TV
products again I'm sure the Rachel's
room shirt I just got
switch it up every once in a while my
darkness spoiled is Blakes
way spoiled yes he's pretty much my
child so he's pretty much he's really
spoiled but we're trying to be strict
with him because it is my first child
you're always more strict on that one
than the rest of them no he was allowed
on the bed and then he started drooling
like crazy while sleeping and so there's
just a little spots over the bed so he's
not gonna sleep on the bed anymore and
then he was getting the couch really
really dirty so he's not on the couch
anymore but I bought him some really
nice beds but in the morning he jumps at
my face I let him on the bed anyway he
gets away with things that I'm not
supposed to let him because I'm an
inconsistent dog owner and it's bad on
my part do a google yourself video
sometime I have I've done one of those
it was fun I actually think I've done it
twice oh good his legs poop back to
normal yes Hannah places poop is back to
normal thank you for asking
he got mad at me because I went to the
grocery store and he pooped in the
sunroom right after pooping outside the
sunroom realized I was not at home and
pooped right in the sunroom he poops
he's angry he's revenge pooper and I'm
not appreciated of it Blaz no revenge
pooping he peed while I was working out
yesterday
back to the mount 11:15 when I was
working out the dog peed the dog came
back in has to come into my gym I let
him in you noticed I was working out so
we peed right in front of me
he gets mad at me when I don't give him
attention I'm trying to fix that but
it's just annoying sometimes where's
Matt he's in the living room
opinions on summer homework Oh Kate I
hate summer homework I had to do it I
had to do it in high school when I was
in AP classes that sucker they're like
when you're in an advanced class that
you shouldn't be in you still get and
your mom made a phone call that's why
you're in it because we're not qualified
to be in advanced classes but what is AP
Stamper Advanced Placement uh but I was
in those classes so they give us some
homework but you're an advanced
placement you'd better work harder than
everyone else
screw you but I've heard that why just
general classes are starting to do it
now that's the messed up summer is
supposed to be for children to relax and
you know when you're high school you get
a job to save money for things during
school or you know have some fun you
shouldn't be stressing about stuff like
school third and seven shudder you don't
have school you have no full-time summer
unless you're taking summer courses
which I did at the end of my high school
years and in college you know I
graduated early that was great but that
was my choice because I was an adult at
that point and I made the choice to take
summer classes you do not have homework
during summer that is you're great
you're not supposed to have something
looming over each school is supposed to
be at the end and that's a looming over
you but in the end times but the whole
summer you're not supposed to be
stressed about homework and it's
ridiculous to keep your mind active no
you need to just relax
stress kills and that is why sometimes I
soldiers with mayonnaise on
that's all you should clap with the
cabbie show I was supposed to when we
both just stop texting each other and
never got around Thanks
whoops I stepped on my dog's tail on
accident and gave him a treat to say
sorry
just because yes I've done that as well
I never stepped on a scam but I've
accidentally hurt him or something I
like apologize and hug him and tackle
him until he licks my face and I give
him a treat I feel bad and I know that
he likes food so try and make it up with
the food I'm trying to buy his love
what's your life motto I don't think I
have one
people have my quotes and models they
live by and I don't really think I have
one I sometimes say things a bunch but
that's not really my motto I just come
in I want to say something right now but
then that would be my motto so I'm just
not saying any bottom
I don't were you and your siblings
homeschooled like Christopher's children
I was home-schooled the longest Trent
was home-schooled so I think seventh and
eighth grade sorry
no yes and then Colleen was
home-schooled sixth seventh and eighth
and I was home-schooled from first grade
up until seventh grade so I was
home-schooled the longest I did not
learn anything because I didn't want to
but yeah most of us Christopher wasn't
homeschooled at all ever but the rest of
us at some point where I doesn't like it
I didn't like being able sleep been up
how long is supposed to wait before
wearing a new shirt I know I got this
one in the mail two days ago when I'm
wearing it and I wore new one yesterday
too he's wearing when you want to I
don't know I don't know fashion things
I'm a fashionista if I
take out my tooth would you tell me yes
grace do I have lipstick on my teeth no
oh my goodness I'm angry are you the
person that told me grace no I don't
think so at a meet-and-greet
I just went like maybe with 50 kids and
then one kids hug me finally he lipstick
on your teeth
thank you that one person thank you
thank you because then I got to live it
off is that perfect she was a true
friend she is a true good human being
she told me so that the next 150 200
people then have lipstick did you fart
you farted and it stinks so bad uses
light they're like nothing happened
you brat this smells so bad anyway
people have lipstick on the teeth kindly
tell them kindly that's the main thing
don't make them feel bad do it quickly
and privately and just like not in a
mocking way hey just wanted to let you
know that's how you do it and I am so
appreciative that person who did that to
me on my mean green book tour people are
people that is a life motto I do live by
that uh are you proud of me - got my
cousin - like you Thank You Katelyn I'm
very proud of you can you give us hints
on what your next merch is going to be
well Kaylee if you guys didn't know I
just launched a new merch shop the link
is in my Twitter I'm trying to put
together a website guys listen the past
like three months I've been trying to
get hired people to build me a website
for some reason everyone just stops
talking to me but I want to make a
website so that's like all the ticket
links my merch stuff all - everything of
my things and the books and the things
they're all on one site so I can just
tweet that one link and you go to that
and you'll have everything to do with me
I've been trying so hard to get this
website up and no one will take my money
I'm Grant Lee to talk with a new guy I
just filled out a questionnaire so
hopefully I get this website up I'm so
having like 60 different lives to give
you guys anyway so soon hopefully for
the next couple weeks I'll have a new
Laker what was the question what are we
talking about mom next March I don't
know I have a few things that I need
them like six ideas marking a new
company even like six ideas let's just
do two at first here that goes and then
we'll add one each month so they've got
like four different things how do you
know they're very different than what
was on my last sight
well one I have two things three things
I got three I don't know which one's
good it's gonna be but I have a hat I
will say I have a hat I want to go up
and to different style of shirts that I
want to go up a couple different things
but they just wanted to do this one a
month thing and I was like I don't care
okay sure something new and exciting to
look forward to but I'm not even a lot
of Rafi is anything limited-edition no I
will let you know if anything's gonna be
taken off the site they're like this
isn't selling it's cluttering up the
site they look at statistics and tell me
things then I'll be like okay keep it up
for a month and I'll let people get
people warning but for now everything's
up there isn't an end date at this point
but if some third must take something
down let you guys know in case you're
like I've been saving my money okay I'll
get it the site is for you guys so you
know but there are a few things I want
to put up there still and I'm trying to
get a new poster I want to have posters
for just the live show and then online
posters for you know just other things
but I want to have a live show poster
because I think that'd be fun cuz any
but I I went to Rachel's live show I
have a poster for it I got my mom to
subscribe to you Thank You Olivia what
is that word numbers are you homosexual
there are no results found is this an
interim I don't know I don't want to be
offensive I want to know all the terms
whole of sexual John what that is so in
this kind of farm homosexual but that's
the am is kind of far from the elf if it
was homosexual that I understand you're
trying to say homosexual
I don't even know if this is a new term
cuz I need to be up and book my god I
started taking naps guys I am on it this
coffee hit me I think I just I think I
missed five streams
I think I'm super excited to do live
stream I haven't done one in forever and
I think I'm just excited to be here with
you guys I've missed you all hello how
are you doing I was giving you time to
respond uh let's go
do you prefer bar or liquid soap liquid
I think bar soap is gross you have the
last germs that were just placed on that
bar on that bar I don't trust it's
bacterial removal liquid soap is where
it's at oh I'm already freaking socks
don't fit my feet Wiki feet you're
welcome but like these things just don't
stay on and I realize cuz it's like one
size itself and then I've noticed that
they're like size four to nine I'm a
size 10 so one size does not fit all
because I don't fit in that size range
I'm a 10 my feet are huge
give me socks that fit me I'm actually
certified boy van ankle socks have socks
whatever in these kind of are the boys
ones fit me because my feet are huge
they're men size so I've been starting
with those with those ones are great but
these ones are just I haven't been
laundry so I to wear my backups but not
homosexual why is the room it's a joke
from the holographic things I don't know
what that is either
I'm so out of the flow sorry I'm
screaming so much guys I miss you even
though I've never met you same Stephie
same homosexual is being attracted to
hope holographic stuff holographics his
beak um yeah I'm not attracted to that I
mean it's cool but I'm not obsessed with
it why did you stop what pisses me off
because apparently this is about words
parents want letting people watch my
stuff if I said it still get angry um I
don't know I just haven't I guess I've
done but consist me off but I haven't
really like said that I can put it in
the title if you'd like but I found a
couple videos lately where it's like me
angry I rose laughing at me I don't know
what those sexual is just that laughing
I mean can give me a file sure Alicia
say our names are I'm unsubscribing
listen I'm not gonna say your name cuz
you said that's me I have done a pretty
good job this time around saying names I
will just say that I will say if you
know any wife she's often I've never
said things as much as I am today
because I mean to do it so you need to
respect the level that I'm at this is my
abilities I'm not saying your name even
in sub which are the cooling shows are
you coming too well Juliet said your
name I am for sure I said Barbara one
because what I shall she'll convince me
to go to Bakersfield I also want to go
to Hawaii because I'm abend this year
that was her best thing to say um so
that's kind of come a tradition in our
family to go every year there November
and Colleen was just like hey we haven't
gone yet let's schedule this show I was
like I guess I'll run that show for you
you need me to yeah I'm probably the
biggest does she have any other ones I
don't know her schedule she's just
always gone assuming she's always doing
a show or in Canada but I know six
antivirus in Bakersfield I'll probably
good vote those ones help see you there
do you stock us on a secret account like
Colleen I did not have a secret account
Shady Sam already stopped you guys I
don't need an account
Becky said I'm buying the Hat calling it
now and for some reason I read it as I'm
bullying the Hat calling it now I was
just like why are you bullying a hat and
how does one do that they don't you just
have to read it correctly well your book
be on the new site I'm hoping and be am
B and B a and B I'm gonna have a link to
buy the book on my new site if I can
freaking get the site up
I just want convenience for all of us
guys I want all of us to just have one
link that just connects us to all the
other links and just be so simple I
think that's just what the world needs
it's difficult I wouldn't take my money
so I don't have that much money mm I but
I have something for the website make it
our bagels made out of bread they're
made out of yeast bread like materials
are you still working on your posture
are you mastered yet Kaylee I am not
mastered at all I'm definitely still
working on my posture it's gonna be a
long grueling process but I would get a
better posture soon do you know I'm
playing secret at I feel I don't want to
know I just want to know if you know I
she showed it to me and I do not
remember it so no I don't know it but
not because I wasn't told but because I
didn't care that much have you know
that's funny
are you Anna Anna Kendrick fan yeah I
like yourself and not like my fans I'm
not gonna be a fake fan and say I know
everything about her um but I've liked
things that she's been in so yes what's
it
say your name backwards I'm trying to do
it my brain left car that's backwards
I'm gonna meet you in Santa Barbara Shaw
are you decided to meet me yes Colleen
right chicken yep nope can't read brain
took on the Bakersfield for me I miss
you so much
okay Katie I will try but it's really
close to Christmas time and I got things
to do during Christmas time I guess be
with my family is what I have to do on
the throne Bakersfield I should just go
to Bakersfield how far away's
Bakersfield ramela let's look this up
guys I gotta look at where Bakersfield
its hold on I said like a 12-hour drive
I'm gonna do that it's probably like a
four hour drive I still don't wanna do
that I'll do it out of love and family
in this holiday season Baker's field
California oh it's not that far look at
our half an hour 43 minutes fine
oh wait how'd you just take you to a
random house fine
wanna hear a pun yes Sophia the second I
do want to hear a pun who wouldn't want
to hear a pun Rachel want a hug in
December yes of real I do can you come
to back to Boston I missed you on book
tour Keegan I come to Boston and you
don't come to see me what is happening
unless you had a valid excuse and then I
totally am okay with this are you taking
turn questions from Twitter or YouTube
Twitter Lily but I can switch to YouTube
real quick but the comments of YouTube
are usually really mean or just it's a
little out of the loop
let's try where is it ah that's
downloads it wasn't actually that scary
/ I screamed
alright let's just pause that alright oh
god I forgot that they go so fast Gus
got sir blaze please what's come on I
mean I love Gus Gus is my son why is my
house so cold science everyone here you
got some fresh shout out can I get a hug
if you come back to a meet and greet and
hug me do you like Harry Potter yes can
you sing badly but yes can you put us on
the vlog I got my blog camera with me so
no opinion on dress codes
that's video that's a video just dress
codes ridiculous I mean you should have
a code like hey let's not walk around in
our panties everybody let's all keep
some some sort of shorts of pants on
let's not just do like you know broad
panties are just no shirt underwear
whatever guys wear there should be a
code to a certain extent just like you
know human decency
but like no spaghetti straps your bra
strap can't show your shoulders can't
show your knees can't show unless you're
a guy that oh ah my school I don't think
I ever heard of anyone getting dress
coded and I think there was a dress code
we didn't know it I mean I just wore
whatever I wore we never got in trouble
so I think my school is a little on
lenient we didn't really care that much
but I've heard some schools be like just
messed up I also grew up in California
where everything's a little bit more
liberal time to say we're sluttier it's
not a you're not a depending
on what you wear that's society is
brainwashed me
do you like kpop listen I hadn't
listened to kpop but I appreciate how
big it is right now because this takes a
lot to become a big thing so and I
appreciate that the fanbase is this and
I am interested with them I see their
photos at nighttime when I'm on Twitter
all I see is kpop stuff and it looks
intriguing and I haven't listened to me
the music and I don't know what to
listen to
I don't know how to get into it if you
didn't named blaze blaze what would you
have named him blitz we were thinking
about naming him plaits
seemed to respond to that you're trying
to run away from the camera your life
even better I stubbed my toe and
condolences have you heard of Lindsey
Stirling of course I have come on
where's my blue sterling you are a butt
refresh
alright guys only like 10 more minutes
because when I gotta take this little
through the park did I say where do you
want to go to the dog park soon do you
only both dark pursuit maybe maybe a
little bit do you want to go to dr.
Seuss are you going a half hour okay 30
minutes I'm trying to teach him time but
he just doesn't seem to get it
don't fake yawn thank you
what keep it like this so you can see
him and my closet my doors and mirrors
so I have to open or else he sees
himself in reflection and barks at
himself he's fake yawning right now he's
not actually yawning if when he actually
owns he doesn't make any noise when he'd
fake yawns he makes a little noise but
he mention to me I'm working
society always give me that look when I
say I'm worried yeah I'm talking about
you I'm talking about you tomorrow's
vlog it's a day in the life of plays by
the way stuck with the fake yes he does
that the morning to wake me up
well he used to now just jumps on my
face I strapped a GoPro to him yesterday
he did not like it but I got some GoPro
footage I'm really excited for us I took
it off him very quickly which appeared
cereal
I mean ureases puffs I actually like
something similar how what's it called
it's Panda puffs with the chocolate in
it so it's like Reese's puffs but like
the healthier version actually healthier
I got it at Whole Foods slash friend
Jose where what what is it called
believer you won no you can't read the
Lemur quest
it's like the panda puffs but it's
peanut butter and the chocolate won't
let us that brand you know just what I'm
saying course he'll tip the head tilt
voice does I'm dead right because every
time every day
do you give me kiss
oh you're gonna do right now do you
wanna be my best friend he's about to
get really hyper I can see denim so I
should probably sign off soon five
minutes can you wait five minutes
Thank You ru photographer now Angelina
no I'm not a photographer everyone
thinks that they're a photographer so I
refused to say that I do have fun though
I have having a lot of fun with my
camera lately but I am NOT but sometimes
it's just fun to capture a moment with
the camera with a still camera instead
of a bug camera did you fart again bro
that's rancid
is really rancid you hope you don't care
at all such a brat who educates blaze
the most your Matt a girl I like that
word educate as if I've never heard were
to educate for but instead of like who's
trained simmer get some right around
educate um and things of toss-up depends
on one area of life stop fake yawning no
one yawns that much in three minutes I'm
calling you out bro yeah
this lad Sheamus turned unto me talking
to my dog hope you've enjoyed - I can't
take a deep breath you're making this
room toxic you're the Minos you mean
house isn't a word you know why are you
psycho Minos he hates me
oh oh he's best get off that futon and
gets off that futon it's over guys hold
you growl at me huh
I don't have a coin to give you I'm
sorry I forgot to bring a boy in here Oh
happening fake yawning for days
what's your favorite sports besides
basketball football how's Duncan he was
great the last time I saw him I haven't
he's the kid I've been able to like hang
out with the most as a baby all the
other kids were stolen like Parker and
Jacob Bailey were all stolen out of my
arms the very second I got my hands on
them turned my palm and clean but Duncan
I've been able to hang out was a lot
more without a bunch of other people
around so I've actually got to like hold
him and bond with him and it's awesome I
mean I love all my other nephews and
niece they're amazing but I never got to
really bonded than his babies because
they were stolen from me so quickly but
I like that everything was like hanging
out push for Jessica and I just hang out
with the kids just me it's fun you just
gonna go sleep now
flip floor and
okay all right I gotta go I gotta take
him to the park and in my life I love
you guys so thanks for coming and
hanging out with me I love you I need to
do more of these because I didn't
realize how excited I was about it and
almost started wait someone said knock
knock who's there
I gotta read this knock knock this is
from Sofia the second knock knock who's
there Britney Spears Britney Spears who
knock knock oops I did it again love it
alright guys I love you hmm see you
again tomorrow I will posting a video of
blazes day section very hilarious and
then that's all I have to say about that
myself
child I'm obsessed with my own
reflection okay peace out guys
