with my dad yay I tweeted this morning I
get to hang out with dad today instead
of find out because I was oxidized and I
was like texting : or Christopher but
he's all your fault the slide we are on
our way to the Staples Center which is
the basketball arena in LA and Priscilla
aka my twin aka producer of haters back
off randomly Facebook messaged me and
was like hey I got some tickets to this
it's ex NBA players like retired NBA
players playing three on three
tournament all day I don't know a guy -
extra tickets I'm running like the whole
TV proud of it you want to come and I
was like yes so me and my dad are doing
that that's what we're doing and that's
my life I'm very excited I just loved
one of the stable Center for anything
cool
Bailey's the last game and their Rachel
season before they put a PI up I haven't
heard of him but I'm like super excited
about it
there's a lot of fun for no one
so good to beat the whole game on I
think we have three or four cups two or
three
you
Oh
what am I waiting for
Oh
I promise I will be okay
here's a halftime show where Lamar ball
and I - are going to a shootout go too
far clock alarm all Annihilator but
there might lose window and some various
angles in a circle four three two one
Michael Jordan
okay we left it was a lot of fun Lavar
ball if you guys probably don't know who
this is
Lavar ball he is a father of these three
sons oh I'm doing it on myself accident
one of his sons just got signed to the
Lakers Lonzo ball didn't do the other
sons are still in like high school and
elementary school but this guy think of
a sports dad an annoying sports dad and
in times that by a thousand why am I
just times that by a thousand and then
that is Lavar bald he is the most
annoying person Atlanta he created the
line of merch for his sons and he's
selling it and they're like more expose
more expensive than like Kobe's merch
and it's like he's the worst he said he
could beat Michael Jordan one-on-one in
basketball like he's just kind of crazy
so it was really nice to see Ice Cube
beat him and she asked my favor I see
time he won their balls like hit and
then ice cubes went in and levar thought
it was his ball so he thought he won was
really nice to see that he got he got
beat by ice cube not a basketball player
he's a rapper building you the B Michael
Jordan
anyway I see a lot of him on like ESPN
and stuff oh we're heading back to my
place get a lot of traffic this will
give me this little hat so this is my
hat now and this all oh I got text from
Killeen
hey I'm a cannons mouth I got here last
night but didn't feel anything we went
straight to the editing room and I was
in there the whole time until it's
business nothing I'll film anything on
in there but it is 8 a.m. Tuesday I'm
getting some coffee so I have energy to
how much exhibit effect is on that let's
get coffee
I could work jacket on the Canada it is
cold here la isn't that cold Canada is
very cold I like it ok so we've been at
this soundstage all day it's almost 3:00
I posted my video I didn't think I get
my video out till like nighttime but the
upload speed in the sound stage rat
really good which is very rare fine
but anyway there's a really cool Park
and Creek next to the soundstage and my
watch kept beeping at me to stand up and
move around so I was like okay I'm not
helped during this so I'm just gonna go
on a little walk it's nice and warm out
here it was cold in there so I got my
camera I wanted to tell the pictures
because I can then I'm just gonna you
know venture around see what there is
I'm excited
Mountain
