what's up we are going to doggy classes
his last doggy class and then right
after garden class I think I'm actually
at least five minutes early I'm in a
rush home drop off him and then grab my
parking pass and go to the Staples
Center because I'm going to see Kendrick
Lamar tonight his coffins at 6:00 the
concert starts at 7:30 breakfast you got
my tickets and so I'm better than barely
making them be rushing but yeah I'm
excited and I'm excited for his last
little doggy class but I'm not excited
that I'm hitting every red light please
every single red light every single one
it's a lot of fun in a concert like
graduated his puppy class he wants to
play with everyone that class is just
him trying to play with everyone and no
one wanted to play with him and he's
very said about it anyway but he's with
Matt now I must take care of him
I'm on my way to the Staples Center I'm
meeting Jenna there I already got our
parking passes and I got my tickets at
some hotel I don't know
kekeke set it up so I don't know I'm
just going I'm doing it I'm gonna where
I'm sitting it let's crack the price of
anyway yeah so I'm just listening to
Kendrick Lamar and you know to prepare
that's what you're doing the way to
cause it right and I haven't gone a lot
of concerts do I have those who are
pretty amazing though Aaron Carter some
rock band from when I was in eighth
grade modest mouse that's what it was
Miley Cyrus that's concert I've ever
been to and biggie in London actually
was actually pretty small which was
straight but those are my four concerts
this will be like this I've never gone
to the rest comes from one event excited
about
yeah so I'm going to listen my Kendrick
and you know myself up for the concert
goodbye golden Tiki community
I know my seat I don't quite actually
know where in the world I've located not
like I know the Staples Center by heart
if you if you gave me the Dodger seat I
can tell you where you were located now
I'm just waiting for Jenna I got here
early because I'm always early to
everything because that's how I do if
I'm a minute early I'm stressed but I
think such as my life all right we got
here and we're in line for like 20
minutes to get inside and it's late
except me in to ask you to get your bad
check like yeah I will like you know you
go in security no you need to get your
bad tax check but like yes I will a 12
or trying to fix a week's and family
came around me as I was trying to be
nice and sake riches are also sitting I
know my bags will be checked so you guys
have that other line I'm in a long line
right now to get my bag because
apparently this is over time
big buildings ah we know in ales and Zoe
know those all due to price though
Travis dodge just perform over you to
say
I didn't really know who he was until I
are singing and I'm like oh I know these
songs he's good height man also I really
love watching the lights and the fog
machine they're on points I'm weird I
know Ong Marshak stage things you start
saying those things are going oh that
sounds good
that it
the street
Frank's past that Frank we cool Frank
baby Frank
baby crying out and go around some
people living their life in battles
friend that he had the codons left
backstroke every day in Chicago some
people like the way it feels don't
people want to kill their sorrow so
people wanna fit in with the popular
there was my father
I
the concert is done we can't hear
anything but it was a grand old time
but genocide because they didn't pay
poetic justice I'm sorry Jenna I'm sorry
what album was it from what album was
what of justice from His Majesty was
naturally my god alright it's the next
day I'm home
obviously the concert was so much fun I
found out this morning that Beyonce was
there and Kylie Jennifer knew Kylie
Jenner was there but Beyonce was there
once again I was breathing the same air
as Beyonce dog seriously I'm trying to
talk to my vlog camera you're going to
sit there chewing on a water bottle but
essentia or did you lose it you lose
your water bottle did you drop it on the
floor yeah anyway I'm forward with
others vlog I wanted to say thank you to
C key for sending me there you guys know
I used to use a lot I've seen up with
them a lot in the past years ago Dodger
games is my first concert with them it
was f excellent I need a sake tripod
let's put some glasses on just work like
them
that doesn't seem safe does that work no
you know I have a tripod literally right
here but I don't want to use it that's
final use it what do you want is it
because your water bottles on the ground
are you whining because your water
bottles on the ground you brat
is it all the time you brought this up
off the chair whatever sitting on drop
this toy and then whine and growls and
yawns until I pick it up for him such a
breath your breath okay so as I was
saying about CG base and all the time if
you use the promo code Rachel this promo
code these promo code Rachel you're $20
off tickets I'll put the link to the app
below I use it all the time my friend
Jenna actually her friends are going to
the Kendrick Lamar concert and they text
are like we're going to go to is have
your body thinking like no shows you
better use the coupon code Rachel so
they actually use it so how it works
it's my bag why would it be see I don't
know anyway links below click it you
coupon code Rachel $20 off the key is
the best I use all the time yeah that's
it for this video is vlog my day it was
just the concert I had clawed at the
concert but my back okay I'm an old
person I'm an old person in this age I
feel like there were initially my lower
cut my dog you need to calm down with
the water bottle anyway my lower back
hurt like crazy because I don't stand
like a normal person I say i'm flowey
like this I'm supposed to be saving like
this by saying like this so my bad but
my back hurts so bad I couldn't sleep
last night
how did you find the most annoying that
I ran how are you talking you brat
I love you okay goodbye
