hey guys how you doing good morning so
I'm angry because this is an SD card if
you didn't know this is an SD card it's
like where all the footage goes okay now
on an SD card right on the side there's
usually a little gray flippy thing and
if you should flip it up SD card is open
if you flip it down SD card is closed
when it's closed it means or it's locked
it means you can't film anything on it
and there's still get footage off of it
but you can't sell anything on it and
then I'm vlogging SD card f2 SD cards 1
4 main channel videos which everything
right now and one for vlogging it's just
nice to keep it separate when I'm
looking for footage so my granny flippy
thing broke off and no idea where it is
and now I can't use the SD card because
it's locked itself but I'm going to try
to stick something in there I don't know
I don't know where the great thing is
I've never had one come off before I
don't know why it came off I don't know
what the point of it is like I know what
it does like I don't know why you block
an SD card anyway I'm pissed because
this is an expensive C card 64 gigabyte
extreme plus like it's not the best on
the market but it's pretty good so now I
can't film on anymore I can still get
footage off of it there's only so much
footage on it that I need and then it's
blue it's really pointless a little bit
anyway have a vlog for a while that's my
normal opening statement out but that's
because my life is boring and I do
nothing so watch me do nothing today
guys
Street the new tree
the hair on you how'd you do that
how'd you get my hair in your mouth
pecan pie crusty skin your eye crusty
give me your eye question okay what
clip
oh ma come on go on please come on get
in the car come on you want to treat you
a treat come on if you treat what come
in
yeah yeah I might be
