well I am driving to go to a press
junket that's where I learned for Aubrey
Plaza's new movie and Eagles West
they're having me do a video with her
Batman almost fell off a roof he's
roofing a house and he almost fell off
it
that's glad he did anyway this company
wanted me to promote the video nighttime
unit Audrey in your video hell yeah yes
I didn't really do really badly um so I
wrote an entire video to have her in
like the end for five seconds and it'll
go up my main channel in August it's
actually a video actually puts
comfort into a day but right now I'm
driving to the press junket because I
literally gave me a five minute time
slot with her from 12:55 to 1:00 p.m. so
I'm going um I hired a videographer like
someone to press record on my camera
because I wanted to see more
professional and then I'm going to the
premiere I've already seen the movie I
went to a screening of it but I'm going
to the premiere tonight and I'm very
crispy first mode age bring my brother
every day um no it's these things are
not Maxine and I was like what most
could I bring and also you know
Christopher might enjoy this because I
know he's a fan of her like this yeah so
I'm doing this press junket right now
and then later tonight sir and I are
going to the premiere I sighs in my
contract I have to go on the red carpet
so running that I think I'm a lot of
loggin don't quite know but a blog and
identity wait yeah I mean I don't think
I'll go with Aubree because I have five
minutes and I need to get the one seen
with her shot in this five minutes
which will be super simple it's
literally five seconds I wrote a five
seconds little cameo again driving there
now oh my god I was so nervous like
stupid nervous but I literally would
anything like okay I'm going to make
this as short as possible I'll be nice
rambling to the point got it done
and I have to say everyone was very
impressed would happily guy was I don't
know why she came in and was very
confused she I could tell she's being
torn twelve different places doing photo
shoots doing YouTube videos doing
interviews and they're like okay tell
her what the video is so I told her it
really quick short Oh funny
oh she's like my bunny
and then we literally was five seconds
she's like okay easy and then I woke up
and then she left
that was it it was literally I think we
were in the same room for a minute and
that was it but I'm grabbing out from a
push down so I was like I'm at a red
light so I thought I'd talk to you so I
have to go to Rutgers that either says
but I don't know how to do makeup hair
or clothes
so I've convinced my friend who has a
normal 9 to 5 job who lives an hour way
to leave work early and come do my
makeup and dress me like girl I have to
be at work right now you don't come to
me okay bye so she's leaving work at
2:00 p.m. I have my three and do my hair
and makeup and my clothes and I'm a mess
but I'm so glad she's coming to help me
I have to survey like taking my picture
in the amount of red carpet and I'm like
a sponge smiling like come on this is a
ruler so my friend Jenna came over and
did this Mme hold on I want a glamour
shot
why did you cooking
strike the pose also we take swimming
pads to my boobs
the dresses beside thing and I'm sticky
bra so we masking tape on a pad segi and
they were Antwoord we're creative she
also put makeup on my arm where Maya my
Apple watch Ross who I had a huge tan
there I'll show you it later anyway this
is beautiful Gemma I'll put her
instagram below she doesn't make up
anybody
Christopher made a new friend
framing is kind of t-t-timmy
Oh Rafi you go TV left disappearing act
we are right next to where the premiere
is but I am starving I realized I
haven't released much today so we're at
veggie girl right next to it I'll be a
little link to the red carpet I almost
called it a green carpet one Michael so
I just went down the red carpet no you
know I'm home now we saw the movie
Christopher liked it I was so happy I
was kind of scared that he wouldn't
think it was funny and I had dragged him
this premiere but he was laughing and I
think but I couldn't see the entire
movie Jenna did my makeup beautiful E
but she put makeup in my eyelids which I
don't normally do and it rubbed off onto
my contacts and I couldn't see and then
so after the movie winter Walgreens I
had to go the after-party but we stopped
at Walgreens and got contact solution
and eye cream eye contact at the
after-party and there was just black
makeup all over my contacts so we hung
out at a party and barring the expert I
was like oh it's happening again and I
it was like there was just black makeup
all over my contacts so I was I couldn't
see everything it was like there was a
shoe or everything and so Christopher
was literally guiding me as like he was
my seeing-eye dog and I got the card I
took my contacts out but anyway I am
home and I'm going to take off my tape
bra things that I've done here
and put on some comfy clothes actually
this dress is quite comfortable I like
this dress very comfortable accepts the
fact you can't wear a bra on the side
here or else it's a comfortable dress it
doesn't ride up it's super long so as
you walk it will ride up and it takes a
really long time to get to the point
where you need to pull it back down when
all right except oh I'm going to live my
life my dog is here my dog is cute my
dog loves me
