oh what a beautiful morning Otto
beautiful day I got a one beautiful feel
and Everett says go ahead my why accept
my share I am instead of harbor right
now I had to come back for an eye
appointment my eyes are super unhealthy
and so she was like okay we're going to
take these steps to make your eyes
healthier and I was like okay so I can
come back in two weeks I was doing field
so came back today and when I went last
week my prescription hadn't changed but
my eyes were super unhealthy so I took
steps a lot two weeks to make my eyes
super healthy again I came back today I
was driving here I was like I can't see
anything like everything was blurry and
then I got to the eye doctor and she was
like your eyes are super healthy your
prescription is wrong who threw what
because that my eyes were super
unhealthy they were shaped all weird
making the contacts I needed less strong
and then now that my eyes are healthy
and shapes normal I needed a stronger
prescription I don't know but I can see
now and I'm praising jzuck for it and my
dogs here and my best friend Kelly six
about to come over she's the one who
helped me write my book and then later
I'm gonna go hang out with teenie my mom
was here with Parker and Bailey but they
left she had to take them home then
she's coming back my dad and Trent are
getting lunch but wrench should come
back soon push good day got a lot of
nothing going on except fun and hanging
out with people I should probably do my
hair or makeup a lot of work alright so
Kelly with me now but we decided to take
blaze to the beach so this is the first
time at the beach are you ready buddy
are you ready 0% excited please thank
you
so come on let's go you're not even at
the sand yet you should be more excited
than you are be excited this me where
make sure there's no snakes here the
beach
be excited be happy be excited oh it's
bushy I haven't been to the beach in a
while let me talk let me look
you are 0% excited about this that
friends
can't get across Canyon are we had a fun
blast of a time at the beach
I took his bed out and I was like Rosie
doesn't know that where'd you go oh he
is back there anyway but Kelly left and
all she went back to her parents you
know in town for two days and she hasn't
seen your parents in like a billion
years so she went to go hang out with my
parents I'm going a routine ease so that
our dogs can play together
my dog is finally old enough had all the
shots and he is healthy so you will play
with teeny dogs so I'm heading over
teenies right now for them to play this
puppy is gonna be tired he's gonna be a
Todd dog it's Bo gonna be barking violet
another day he loves the beach he
doesn't ran the whole time and Kelly ran
with them I love her so yeah that's what
we're doing I thought is the shirt that
Kelly was wearing I found out later she
walked in my mom's house and they hadn't
seen each other yet so mom was like did
you make that shirt and killers like a
they can't tell Karen makes her own
clothes like all of her dresses all over
threats all over shirts and her bras and
her underwear
she literally makes them all and I never
realize it because they're always so
well done she's an amazing seamstress I
literally like stared at her sure that
you have to do that because I can sew
Hach I can cut Cecilia's off the
t-shirts I can't sew to the ability of
Church she wants to me a bra I thought
it was from Victoria's Secret I know I
sound like I'm trying to hyper up to buy
some of her clothes she's not selling
them I'm just truly amazed at her
ability to sew clothing anyway that's
all I'm going to retain you some person
where's your friend where's your friend
person to learn about CPS will follow me
you encouraged that was it good
community to again friend friend friend
friend friend friend friend place here
do you want to give this away wait sit
sit pop
give me your pop good boy lay down lay
down lay down
good boy give plays a treat this you
lovelies you lovelies good boy
