good morning it's 9:49 a.m. and I am
about to film my Tuesday video for today
haven't filmed yet it's today it's
supposed to be posted I'm really good
I'm really good
I've been youtuber and all those other
things also know who's the cutest little
puppy in the world you won't you won't
you he hates me I love it so I went to
my iPhone 6 and I called this place I
was like hey can you fix my iPhone the
galaxies are at one I was like ok great
cuz he was on lunch so I get there at
1:00 and he calls me and he's like oh
sorry I'll be there in five minutes so
I'm standing outside no one's there and
like there's this lady that waiting for
her phone to get fixed as well but we're
standing outside because he's not there
and then the other girl was like oh yeah
he called me he locked himself out of
the building and he waiting for his boss
to come tonight or her food so I pick it
up at 1:15 I was like that make sense
laplace's at 1:00 and it's next to the
food place to give 115 115 hit the guy
still hadn't gotten into the building he
locked himself out why I had to leave my
phone is still not being fixed I had to
pick up my food that I ordered but it
can get gross this bone shattering thing
is to George Ellis I got my feet so
that's a plus next day I am headed out
again to get my phone fixed let's hope
the third time is a charm
this is a toy I hate this fish was to be
fixed I don't want to deal with it
anymore I want it to not cut my fingers
when I'm doing social media on the phone
anyway online says they can do it like
super fast within 5 minutes I don't know
how much I believe that so I've made a
game plan I'm going to the grocery store
if they can't do it quickly
just the drama at all alright phone
let's do this
hey okay I just realized I'm always
sketching about dropping my phone's off
those places but it was cheaper than the
Apple store so 20 minutes some of our
store real quick and we'll come back get
my phone I feel really weird not having
my phone on me I want to tweet about the
fact I don't have my phone I just
realized that I put my shopping list on
myself and it was pretty long - I don't
have my phone but I'm at the gross what
we're going to wing this alright wait
wait I'm at a new grocery store I've no
idea or anything is and I can't find the
vegetables where am I everybody told
about them and yes I'm aware I showed
you pineapple to talk about vegetables
but where there are some vegetables
I think that's all I needed Vinny's
honey melt just now
chrysolite no sissy books No clavo inter
oh no I think it's a thing I'm about
with what I got go back and get my phone
because I feel very naked without it
alright now back to see if the phone is
fixed there's no guarantee that just
because I dropped off means it's going
to be fixed also that they are not going
to steal the info on my phone or that
they're going to dig my credit card
information when I pay for it
we never know just trusting people
that's how you get hurt is when you
cross people but you just got what
yourself open up and feel the same
gnorga feel the happiness or some
inspirational quote there's a lot people
and we have a fixed iPhone it was cash
only
so I had to they once did my credit card
information but they're really nice when
I walked in and I saw my vlog cameras
are why are you carrying a camera I feel
like why are you still using a camera I
was like it's for videos not picture
he's like oh okay and then when I came
back the guy in the back is a someone
who watches a lot of YouTube you know
who I was but he had so many questions
do you do posing yeah he's like what do
you do and he started he's like like
YouTube best impressed the weather the
past few days is like the whole week and
it's never going to hit 90 it was like
86 to 89 the whole week I was like here
is what I have a rule is please I will
not take him outside until it's under 90
degrees you know sir all and so I was
like I can take him out whenever I want
this whole okay car just turn in front
of me I didn't invite you anyway but I
was like yes it's not going to run 90s
whole week and then today I looked at my
forecast and it hits 90 multiple times a
week
hey weather weather you can't just
change cuz you decide to that's not
allowed no no no no some test that's 90
today 94 right now gosh darn it I'm over
it I'm over the heat I really like all
the other seasons this it just
I like the summer not in LA this is too
hot maybe in the summer in Hawaii would
be nice but no I like all the other
seasons maybe if I was on the beach I
would like it I'm not on the beach I
should maybe I can look to the beach I
could be done in no parking ah the
dilemmas of life it's the next day I am
on my way to christopher's and Jessica's
because Christopher wants me to do lawn
bowling with the children I don't know
if that my bowling and got children or
I'm playing lawn bowling with the
children
I don't really verified which one I just
said yes
so I'm going over there and if we have
time I have a video idea with the kids
but I rather just hang out and have fun
that's why I'm not the top youtuber
right I hang out with people and have
fun and just make videos I fail my bad
but it ought to cost me that
matsing you're the dog today yeah it
should be fun Chris risk a new house on
them and I have an amazing backyard I
haven't got some fully planning yet so
today's Tuesday
hi Bailey I want one okay what is this
what are we eating now I'll play squares
of what squares of fruit that's pretty
good dried square fruit hi burger okay
so Christopher's setting up the
slip-and-slide thing well apparently I
am throwing children down this and
Christopher Nioxin could be working like
a dog gently tossing throwing come on
trial I'm gonna win I throw him to win
Louisville this is giant bucket of slime
brushing we're doing all right I'm gonna
let I just left Christopher and
Jessica's I had so much fun filming them
about his hilarious Christopher I think
had more fun than the kids oh my
battery's about to die anyway I'm
heading home go grab lunch I'll see you
guys when I get there and I change my
battery
I
