this this is what I see when I'm in the
kitchen and I love it your puppy class
today toy yeah what we have public class
today and that's about it I feel a
target but nothing laughing you can't do
it thank you for the kisses my dog can't
figure out that that's his reflection
and not another dog you're really smart
Frankel reports my work
Oh shattered my phone oh I got out of my
car and I thought I'd put it in my
pocket but I guess I didn't and then
when I walked like three feet under that
yellow thing I dropped it and because
the other thing is bumpy the case could
do anything for it because if you got
for the case so I have to go fix that
today because it's pretty shattered like
it's not even close to being like usable
so I'm like a crack it's shattered you
ready to go puppy class we got here a
little early so we're sitting in the car
because that's what I do I get to every
place early and I just in the car
do why we got AC you going he always is
so mad at me when we're in the car you
just so pissed bro you like this
destination you love every destination
you get to see people every time we get
in the car we go somewhere you get to
see people stop acting like I'm
torturing you this little punk can't you
go boy that place where the puppies were
I got a little footage of it this time
of just you know other puppies being
there but uh there was a German Shepherd
there today five months old so it was
actually double his size he was sixty
pounds and this guy's like 30 32 pounds
the German chopper was the only balcony
to play with because all the other ones
he's walking out the room I gotta make
sure he doesn't pee on something hold on
are you going to pee on something or
were you going please coop are you
looking at me when I say your name I'm
supposed to praise him for that are you
going just doing your game plan here put
your game plan here mm-hmm
we're not going on a walk no way Jose no
way Jose it is too late for that it is
past your bedtime there's no nuh-uh
not happening anyway
and his class only him in the German
Shepherd were the only two big dogs and
so they can only play with each other
and the German Shepherd that was its
last class so the trainer is having us
actually go to the same class but for
older dogs so he'll have sorry I am
going into my dog's room oh so he'll
have actually good sized puppies to play
with not puppies well they are puppies
so oh there are he's on stage crickets
this is his favorite thing to do it in
it oh my god I got in to help Oh blaze
there's a cricket in this house and you
better get in here and get it I swear if
you just blaze you get in here you get
this cricket
I'm getting out I don't like this
I came out with there's more cricket so
I wouldn't be trapped with just one but
they are everywhere that's not a cricket
get a cricket slice get a cricket do you
see them moving get them get them please
kill the crickets
I don't want to go over there they're
all over there would you come back
anyway so we are going to a older class
because he is better trained and bigger
than all the dogs in his class I added
the better trained part but he plays
really well and all the dogs in that
area don't play very well so he has to
quit stop eating the fruit and get the
crickets
thank you get the cookie that's fruit
drop the fruit peel thank you thank you
