guess who starts papi classy today you
you start down you're doing the puppy
classes today sir you're gonna go and
you're gonna be puppies and you're gonna
meet people and you're gonna learn how
to do things that you're supposed on't
fall asleep on you on talking to you
you're so rude
just look Lucas I love you I love you
he really smells like Cheerios today
don't ask me why because I don't know
but I was cuddling him anyway
you smell like a cheerio I'm not
complaining I'm just saying oh yeah he
has puppy glasses today I was going to
sell a bunch of videos yesterday but
then Colleen asked me to go over else
for pool party I think okay how to swim
when I get back and then when I got back
I took my dog on a walk and he holed
away from Matt like he was Jenna Pence's
he's really good on Fox
and sometimes he'll smell something the
grass and he'll do the little like
bounce back and forth thing and then you
hold on to leash tight because and he
tries to run away and not out of like
run away from me but just like he smells
something got really excited and to run
yesterday Matt was walking in and he
didn't give that warning of life I'm
excited he just literally was like
cha-cha-cha booze and ran and so Matt
wasn't holding the leash tight enough
because the dog didn't give a warning of
it so we learned the hold at least tight
all the way all the time so the dog just
took off and that was a game so I bolted
and I chased the dog to his three blocks
and we were sprinting I don't think I've
ever run that fast that long and that's
hard if I bought the dog a brand new
water bottle dispenser thing she was my
first walk with it I was all proud of it
because he got little sips of water it's
been so hot when we walk even though we
walk here like 8 p.m. still like 90
degrees so I had this water bottle thing
and I tried chuck it out of it oh boy
because he was so far ahead of me that I
didn't think I'd be able to catch up
with him and all I could think about was
he's going to hit the place the next
block which is a super busy block he's
gonna cross the street and a car is
going ahead of a qualifing about so I
chalked my brand new water bottle at him
it went right next to him and usually he
get scared of loud noises and he just
kept going wasn't the face it broke my
water bottle just sprinting and finally
caught up to him and I stomped on his
leash and he was flying backwards so
that that was fun that was that was
great and then he just lay on the ground
like he just had the best time of his
entire life and I laid on the ground
panting and like we were both a mess and
then Matt walks up to us like a few
minutes later because he was so hard
behind us with the broken water like I'm
sorry
he showed me a finger the dog like
ripped off his fingernail with the leash
was an exciting walk educational but
when I got home from that I was sweating
because again it was 90 degrees outside
so I was sweating like crazy so I was
like okay I'm going to film at 9:00 and
when I saw him at 9:00 but so after I
calmed down and a 9:01 hit and
all-powerful so I had so many intentions
to solve yesterday but I didn't because
somebody thinks keep happening so I'm
going to film today also go to his copy
class also clean is having a pizza
dinner party at her place at 5:00 all
day and you should probably stop sitting
here talking to you I also have to edit
post a blog so I've got to work out
tonight got a lot things to do
I also need to go at Target that one's
going to slip right in there all right
buddy you ready for puppy class you
would you put a puppy class realize
today I want to go hang with a bunch of
puppy screw teaching him anything I'm
just going to go ahead and out with a
bunch of puppies I'm so excited
please are you guys too much but other
puppies you let me know what you're in
store for us isn't me waterfall
my dog was potty-trained was being the
keyword here so he was 100%
potty-trained he always paid him food
outside he wait by the glass door we let
him out to go to his business then all
of a sudden the last two days he decided
that Jim is his own personal toilet I
don't understand what's going on he
doesn't go to backdoor anymore
the only thing to peace out sighs if we
like I'm like okay but in ours enjoy
last pee get on out there I know what's
when I would repay treating him because
he's never pooped inside unless he had
like diarrhea in his crate another night
but like he's always pooped outside and
for some reason kid pooping inside I'm
like it's not even that hot anymore what
is your issue dawg I mean I'm very
frustrated about it so this is my dog's
tooth so the trainer told me to get him
a bully stick there's a booyah boo-boos
hi bunny
anyway he's eating his bully stick and
then you can see there's a little blood
droplet on his paw there right there but
there was a suit sitting next to it
I was not ballistic for adult though she
said it helps with the teasing well for
him it's poling his teeth out but he
just loved it so much I might take it
away from him dugu boosts dude you
should you go boy good boy
all your stretches go boy I do didn't
take it away from my five minutes you
don't supposed to get like and 10-minute
increments I just made that up
I don't be obsessed with it like is dude
how are you chewing it when you just
lost the tooth a tooth just fell out of
your mouth there is blood on the bully
stick how are you still chewing it no
answer just going to keep on doing it no
don't hurt that why
now go
you go tool I'm at the eye doctor right
now yearly checkup prescription renewal
we're in contact with so much fun I my
eye doctor's appointment I found out
that I was wearing was ancient brand of
contact lenses and basically this was a
new doctor it's like the same facility I
usually switch between like these two
doctors are always there but today there
was a new girl that I never pulled the
lady
noldor Wolfen anyway I've never seen her
before and she was amazing and way
better than any of the other ones I've
had there she was more focused on the
health of my eyeball instead of like
what my prescription was just usually
what it is you go in there like just
want to make sure they have the right
prescription but she was like obsessed
with the health of my eyeball and was
like okay listen the contacts you're
wearing don't let any air through to
your eyeball because you wear them so
long all of the veins in your eyes are
getting bigger and thicker and basically
if you keep this up and you don't switch
to a better brand of contact you soon
won't be able to wear contacts anymore
or just basically go blind like leak so
I switch to this new brand I'm wearing
them right now they seem okay I've tried
to switch before in the past I didn't
like it
things looked weird but things seem to
be looking normal
so this is good I also need to get
better glasses because my glasses from
two years ago which was two
prescriptions ago so they're a little
off and also very much broken so I think
the eve maybe tonight but probably
tomorrow good glasses I don't really
like wearing glasses they annoy me they
hurt my ears and you can't wear them
when you work out you sweat they start
dripping down your nose and I know
everyone that doesn't wear glasses
wishes they could wear glasses because
it's fashionable guys freaking annoying
and don't don't do that
it's rude
