I was lied to okay so we moved into a
new rental house for six months while
we're still trying to find a house to
buy again if you didn't catch Esther
days a lot my dog did this to me little
brat face is not a place to run anyway
when we were coming in to rinse this
house so it's a poorly remodeled house
the walls are do do this and the floors
do this and this is a video of what
happened to my dishwasher run how but
one of the things right before we
finally s were asked if the house is
insulated means is there stuff in
between the walls that make it the
temperature like consistent basically
keeps the cold in or the heat in
depending what you're running inside and
she was a guest Lillian said another are
the windowsill page was on a brand new
windows little pain I was a great I was
I - there's no way this house is
insulated when it's a hundred degrees
outside it's a hundred degrees inside we
set the a/c at like six set like 78 and
it runs all day and never gets below 80
they're like it's no air conditioning in
place brick like just full-on lie so
when we go to buy a house we're like
tear open the wall I wanna see the
insulation you have insulation it's
really easy to keep your house the
temperature you wanted that but when you
don't it's this all worst I have to
finish unpacking my office this is
currently my office time to finish up
packing it I also have logged in it you
would do that use our food we keep the
money
come on come on I put that pink thing in
there because you dress the yellow suit
in one bite without chewing and that
makes them throw up so the pink thing
blows them down yeah so it doesn't
gobble it up and vomit
go boy go boy
Khepera hey hey you so tan
Capello Capello
oh boy nice nice eysan eysan why he's
such a dick I see my office up the
closet arm ears that's fun yeah it's
just been cleaning I look like this dogs
still sleeping like a dog does that's my
entire life
yeah really entertaining I know
so the power's out it's been out for an
hour now yeah don't don't really
anything to say other than we have one
flashlight and our phones are both at
50% and powers out so that's that it's
10:00 p.m. it was a hundred 14 degrees
today so we're trying to keep all the
cool air in like everyone say Cesar out
I think what Weston it's 83 out so it's
not that hot out in there now it's only
83 but it was 114 today apparently there
was a huge fire at the electricity place
like at the power plant
that's called power plant there was a
huge fire at the power plant so they had
to cut the power
so that they could put out the fire so
it says a hundred and forty thousand
homes were affected by it I was going to
film some videos like not like 9 o'clock
I'm filming some videos 9:01 hit mmm
power God so that was nice I guess I'll
be filming tomorrow if your power comes
back Malevich was just going to Santa
Barbara but there's a huge fire in Santa
Barbara right now so my mom was like the
winds are kicking up so the fire is
probably going to cut out our power to
meet gonna be a boring night hey boys
hey buddy
hi buddy yeah that's me and mommy did
you not know who I was at first yeah hi
buddy hi
do you know Eliza power being out you
know that's my bed you get on your bed
get on your bed
get on your pick
go boy go boy you had a powers out scary
huh all the sirens going or the car
honking and screeching yeah it's no fun
huh oh that's a better pet I buy you the
number one rated bed an Amazon and you
sleep on my old blanket next time yeah
Brad can tuck those stories wanna toy me
I didn't I don't know ghost stories I
never learned any I don't like them
ghostly fashion bedtime
closely this is my night we have power
its back on thank goodness all right we
got power slices unamused he's sitting
on two bamboo pillows beat now you're
sleepy when all the lights come back on
your your dog
