good afternoon it is Thursday 12:43 did
wake up earlier than this I've been
editing my Rachel's room I just posted
it you haven't seen it go watch it it's
entertaining something like huge but I
think it's pretty entertaining it's
funny but it's not like oh my god oh my
god I'm stretching some expression yep
sometimes end up on the floor when it's
that good this little guy has been
whimpering over this toy does anyone's
dog have a toy that they're so obsessed
with a whimper and he doesn't like he's
not rough with it he's very gentle with
this toy he like just whimpers and then
he does this and he holds it I don't
know what it is but that toy in
particular that's his that's his toy and
he is gentle he will not play tug-of-war
with it it kind of paused it gently and
is like can I have my toy back please
anyway videos up I'm gonna play around
candy crush I just got a text message
who's it from I got I guess I guess
you're free
hurry as the wind blows did you just get
groomed but you're just kiddin I think
around your home all right I'm gonna go
get lunch so much cat hair just your
butt looks nice and groomed good job
where's your system I don't know where
the little one is I don't have time to
find her goodbye Daisy that work I'm out
of here so Colleen and Cory are out of
town so I picked up Augusta fur from his
grooming I guess I'm on a little bit of
cat Duty here yeah and now I am on my
way to go get lunch and then molding
through my house all we gonna see I
don't quite know if we're gonna get
anything but we're gonna stay together
at this moulding I've never done molding
before never bought it don't know
anything about it there's no work those
nuts we failed we failed at the molding
store we failed at getting lunch like
genuinely because there was so much
light I really hope I remember to turn
that off we were on our way to get this
to go to a food place and the traffic
was so backed up and so we were like
skip it we'll skip it with RO the
motoring story then we went to the
molding store and we were way too hungry
to think so we were like okay we're
going home so I went home and just made
food there it was just like the worst
fail ever then I went to Target to dog
on a walk couple walks and now I am
grabbing us dinner
at one of my favorite places they got a
nutburger that is delicious tastes
nothing like a real burger so if you
just think of it as an own entity it's
delicious I always get mad and people
like it tastes just like the real thing
no it doesn't it can be a good tasting
thing but don't try and make it taste
like something else
let it be its own Let It Be itself I'm
so sad I just need that box of lights
but they've stopped me it's that little
box that's all I need I got it I nicely
asked a lady who worked here to grab it
for me so focusing on the people in the
background important look at me so not
even me and now I'm looking for an air
filter it needs to say 14 by 30 by 114
by 30 by one oh no oh oh oh no oh oh no
no I'm sad the only one they're out of I
asked someone I asked someone maybe if I
find it in an excess box way up high
it's not having a good day at Home Depot
which is rare for me found it in a
different brand this brand doesn't look
as good oh that's a four I got a seven
yeah I have no idea what any of this
means I've never bought in their filters
before
wait I want a ten but I was looking at
originally was a four and I hope I'm
holding a seven I want a tenth
where's a tenth of the black ones for
teen by thirty wait oh we found a nine
that one's better yes I don't think they
have my size in the ten but we got the
nine the only thing that it doesn't do
is odor its smog particles but I guess
blaze is pretty smelly and smoggy old
one new one this used to be white I mean
not the outside the outside was always
brown but that used to be that
what are you doing okay now to change
all these lights because they buzz to
these new ones I want to see I receive
you and hear the buzzing let me turn off
the what is this a television can you
hear that buzz can you hear it I hope
you guys can hear it it's been driving
us crazy so we're placing all the
buzzing lightbulbs that's what we're
doing right now silence oh you got it
took you a while you even go into that
for about like three minutes
oh my wrist hurts I hurt my wrist
somehow I don't know how that's somehow
I don't know how this kind of redundant
right god bless you excuse me no jumping
on me it's great oh it's 1252 it's no
longer mourning that song doesn't apply
to me today hey I am on my way to grab
lunch for me in Matthew Blaise already
had his kibble we getting sandwiches
some bagels and then I'm going to
replace a bunch of ice which is in the
house with Wi-Fi of light switches and
then we're going to a paint store
because the old owners of the house
decided that you know they difficult
stuff to throw away by paint cans and
stains because you're not allowed to
just throw those in the trash if you
didn't know that you can't just throw
those in the trash you have to dispose
of them properly so I'm going to a paint
store to dispose of these paints
properly and Matthew needs to pick out
paint for his office because he is slack
a Lacan he cannot figure out what color
he wants to paint his office and it's
delaying laying the floor which is
delaying me putting my office stuff in
his office while I build my shelving
unit my office to get my office
organized to buy my couch where to film
correct video background things also I
have a massive zit right here my face is
breaking out like crazy and I don't know
why
I usually get ones it the day before my
period my period isn't four days and
I've had multiples that's all month
am i pregnant no anyway
now this lay it took forever finally
it's going I gotta go this light was a
two minutes long aisle and I missed it
because there were so many people there
were porta-potties in front of me now
I'm not just light again for another two
minutes I just ordered but blaze a bunch
of clothes on Amazon
