oh let me tweet huh hi
I haven't done one of these in so long
it's been I don't know I haven't even
checked let's check let's see how long
it's been
mmm video manager huh
it's been since my book came out almost
a month ago Wow
I'm good at this okay you guys are
trying to roll in let's go to Twitter
hashtag Saturday's at Rachel's let's see
what I gave you guys no morning accepted
my Rachel for mr. fair said I would
livestream today by the way this is not
a black guy
this is owning a dog so that's what that
is yeah
no one is tweeting it or just no one is
tweeting the hashtag Saturdays at
Rachel's do I spell my own hashtag wrong
that is something I do but no one did
it's just Twitter's being a puffle there
we go I almost died running to my
computer's if you don't do that don't
die no one's allowed to die that's the
rule I've created oh this is my office
this is my new office there's a mirror
behind me that's weird you can see what
I see what I see I see
I am cross-legged because I don't like
my feet on the ground sitting normal
feets fine standing beep when I'm
sitting never on the breast which is
really bad for my knees alright how big
was blaze before and after before and
after what when I first got him he was
like this big now he's like this big
he's growing he's growing I just found
papers they sent me the papers of like
his medical records and stuff I never
looked at him finally looked at him and
I found out his birthday and he was 5
pounds when he was born that's a big
Bubba his birthday is waitis did not go
into this computer I put it in my laptop
it not
transfer over to my iMac this is I hear
him he's just running around and he's my
birthday's in the beginning of March by
flowers birthday hey it's an iPhone just
guys hold on I'm looking none of you
care I care I care
oh wait I think it's cuz I put it in
next year's March first is his birthday
so March 1st is a little tiny birthday
and I learned that so he's actually four
months I thought he was three and a half
but he's four they lied to me about his
birthday when I got him but then they
sent me people are telling me his
birthday but all this paperwork it says
he's a female and he's very much a male
he's got the penis so I mean maybe
identify something different but you
never know I'm using my I mean the car
using my data for this you better be
grateful Ali stop you can watch it later
using your data also I made a pimple on
myself yesterday you know there was
something there and then I made
something I feel dizzy help grace lay
down close your eyes how's your day been
well Dasha it's been hot it is a very
very very hot day I was in the car
that's at 116 while I was on the freeway
so I got home and I said I'm not leaving
the house again until it's not that
anymore I had to run errands for video I
want to go well got some stuff for a
video so into Michael's crafts and
Walmart all for one video so you better
appreciate it
it was very very hot outside so on and
blazes going crazy because it's too hot
to walk him outside this little feetsies
will burn off if I try and walk outside
so he's been a little dick just trying
to lady it is if he's not a bad dog he's
just trying to get his energy out that
he has while he's awake and he can't do
that because it's freaking hot outside
so he's inside
trying to play fetch in like a 10-foot
radius it's hot it's hot mm-hmm
I left Christopher's video for your live
stream Brooke no go back watch
Christopher's video I didn't watch the
one today when Parker builds IKEA
furniture and I watched it yet I saw it
and I know what it is it's that how do
you smell chick-fil-a it didn't have a K
and now it does I swear I'm not crazy
Sophia I'm with you I don't know which
cleans Vitamix I won't look right now I
had to like straight and I had the news
spill um
Oh chick fillet iconography I thought it
was felled it just to see and then it's
felt like okay I'm with you on that
chick-fil-a I didn't ever eat and then
it moves next to my college and I was
like what is this and then she the
reason my brain it wasn't spoke with aya
I don't know it's one of those things
this is my bra by the way it's one of
those things where I just maybe we were
just wrong the whole time you know how
this is cute Thanks I haven't even done
anything to it yet I said what is that
it's like that was like some white stuff
on the floor in flight from the blinds
oh we cooked a bunch of stuff
sorry we only his people alright then I
have to go back to the core locked up in
boxes and just put in the other room cuz
I don't want to unpack and then move and
then have to repack and unpack again so
I'm just keep it act girls how are you
surviving this weather because I'm dying
it is so hot I'm literally sweating my
legs are crossed as you can see and in
the middle there sweat just everywhere
my butt cheeks sweating so much I could
the drive was I was laughing at myself
because my butt was sweating it's not
good guys but tomorrow is supposed to
only be 92
or 91 praise baby Jesus hello oh we can
see you in the Mary Mary oh I know it's
fun isn't it you may fall 360 view of me
nothing left
unsure basically important where's your
wife
what chilled from this I think IKEA and
then I have another one in my closet
that I think I bought a man our target
yeah i got a target so I had this big
one from Ikea and then the smaller one
from Target there's a rental house have
a backyard slash garden for blaze
doesn't have a garden or is that just
from a different country and you say
garden instead of yard it has it has a
yard but he's not allowed to go play
free in it because there's so much stuff
he can eat back there that he basically
just goes out to do the bathroom
business and it comes right back in and
then I take a month walks to get his
energy out and only if it's under I will
here and I made a rule meaning I made a
rule and he didn't understand my english
it I won't take him on a walk until it
goes under 90 degrees so I've been
taking human walks at like EPF I try and
he won't walk in the morning I tried to
wake him up for an 8:00 a.m. walk and he
was not having it he was he looked at me
and I swear to god he laughs and he just
rolled over and went back to sleep
like you punk he won't go on walks in
the morning just so you know the hashtag
in YouTube is wrong read it carefully
what did I say satoru days but
everything you did this at the right
and I was so bored pain to please guys
it's summer right
so like none of you are complaining
about over it right now cuz it's summer
and if you're complaining about more cuz
you're in summer school should have done
better than ever right yes your school
year whoops
I followed your fitness account on
Instagram
Thanks no I said not a Fitness account
Instagram hashtag no not hashtag he's
affecting my brain I missed no what is
it
at mark it's our baller fitness
I'm really smart really great awake
aware in the moment yeah it's not a
typical Fitness Instagram it's basically
me just taking pictures near workout
stuff
I guess it is a normal business
Instagram I don't really know if you
want to look at it you can you don't
have to it's winter for me what a brillo
I know anymore what did you like most
about VidCon the meet-and-greet I like
that we all worked with my siblings and
I got to do it read all together except
right it wasn't but he doesn't do
YouTube so that makes sense why he
wasn't there we're not excluding him he
just doesn't do you too
okay that's the end of that sentence
tell the story of how you shaved part of
your nipple okay it's not that
fascinating I was shaving my armpit and
then stopped and did like I was doing
normal like armpit shade and then the
blade just went across my nipple because
I wasn't paying attention
it wasn't like I like put shaving cream
on my nipple and it's like shaved it it
just it wasn't you I don't know it just
Nick didn't bleed or anything I got a
lot of people like ill like I cheated
about it and people were disgusted I see
how is it this I don't understand how it
was disgusting I guess it's probably the
same people I think breastfeeding in
public is gross but it's a nipple dude
and yeah it wasn't that exciting I'm
sorry I thought it was more of a funny
tweet than anything it's a cliche part
my nipples will you post videos on your
fitness Instagram
probably yeah
you know doing a push-up once I can do a
push-up does your nipple come off no it
did not more natural poses at rest
police
hashtag management did you guys see my
tweet last night someone was constantly
commenting on my fitness Instagram for
me to do more natural poses at rest I
thought it was hilarious I figured out
if I meant like don't flex in my before
pictures play my before and after
pictures I think is what I got from it
like don't do this but like just stand
normal I don't know what natural at rest
so I think that's a button that one of
them which made me posted on Twitter
because I was dying laughing laughing
was hashtag management so they put that
in there I thought it was funny I think
I understood what they meant they just
want a before picture and like this
instead of me flexing but I was like I
don't want to do that I look better so I
then but also there are a million
pictures of me out in the world that
aren't flexing so I think you can just
look at one of those few fun but yeah so
that was that hashtag management my
favorite
seeing your book in bookstores makes you
so happy and proud say you can see it
where is it that I know it's at Barnes
and Nobles so you can get it at your
local farms and Uncle Sam you can also
get it on Amazon but I know there's a
bunch of like tiny stores that has it
like the place I don't know a lot of
signings not at Barnes & Nobles I think
I did one Barton up a book signing which
was in New York I didn't like I mean I
like Barnes Nobles but I didn't like
that you guys couldn't purchase tickets
beforehand made me angry um my book
Barnes MELAS is a lovely place nothing
can spend say names
I'm busy Lexi don't tell me what to do
how do you search your old tweets I want
to dig up old tweets old ones of mine uh
Emma I don't know if someone told you
about it once and then I just forgot I'm
sure to someone go tell Emma it's she's
at act underscore Emma Rama that's the
end of it don't tell her I know there's
a thing you can do like searching
history your tweet yes for your song
google it don't use me google it Google
will tell you what's your favorite
flavor of Lacroix I need suggestions
Molly Duffy I like to switch my flavors
I really like the mango I like the
pineapple strawberry I like the line I
mean I'd like to switch them every case
I get in flavor out or paint flavors but
I want a different flavor between so I
don't get bored of all flavors your
salmon see because I get bored things
quickly do you think oh yeah
either I have a bruise for my dog or
have a big pimple Foreman right here one
or the other
I'm hoping it's a bruise but it feels
kind of like a pimple your eyebrows look
good thanks I did my makeup today
because I'm supposed to film two videos
today even though your inning are we
going to get a house tour yeah
eventually I just need to put more stuff
together I saw so much stuff in boxes
and it's just very undone so that's all
also I really miss awareness sleep I
guess cribs was a thing for a really
long time is Crips cribs is still not a
thing right is not a thing anymore but
crimson was popular so I guess people do
like see where people live mcribs was
entertaining because it was so
ridiculous like somewhat of a normal
house you're like what in the world
remember you guys want to know if I'm
talking about Jojo who did the song
leave leave get it out in the new and we
I was not even the right words but is
leave get out was the name of the song
they did a house tour of her house and
she just lived in her parents house
which was very normal like kind of
rundown house that she grew up in and it
was not at all extravagant because she
had one she had a one-hit wonder
it would you like one song that she did
as a teenager and that was the end of it
so it's not even like she bought her own
house um Mike didn't extravagant things
to it you guys doing no I'm tryin crap
do I give you a greedy scene Grinch
watch some Mariah Carey episode thing I
want to talk about everyone has those
rooms you walk around they're like this
is the room we don't do anything in it
just kind of here that's my favorite
room
what is cribs I'm 2 years old it's a
show worth you on MTV where they would
go in and a famous person would give you
a tour of their mansion and that was it
and that was the whole show it was a
house tour done by MTV with celebrities
so you'd go with like Shaq's house or in
Congress house or people like that these
are the people that I know right Harry
like she doesn't episode and she like
went on the treadmill or Stairmaster
with high heels on it was funny that's
just that's what it was
I'm doing my makeup what color should I
use blue eye shadow let's bring it back
to Colleen's good old good old days
we'll do some blue eye shadow please
there is fuzz in your hair where I don't
see any fuzz
there's no fuzz in my hair it's just my
hair where does the path I don't see I
hear my dog you know come there's no
fuzz in right here you make me look
stupid
there's no fuzz in my hair I see nothing
any merch soon
yeah I was supposed to launch a new
merch store and then they next week
never even be back we've got like half
way through it and I sent the designs
and stuff and then I just didn't hear
anything so I tried to have new merch
and like a whole new merch setup and
like cool things and then no one ever
got back to me so that's cool I tried
that's all that matters I could try
again but then I'd have to you know try
you getting soft maybe put your thoughts
in the chapstick conspiracy theory about
small pieces of glass and chopstick what
are you talking about staffing changes
do a video about that or something I
have no idea what strikes out there
can't be tiny pieces of glass in
chapstick it would cut your lips or is
that the thing saying like you need more
traffic also you would feel it wouldn't
you also you would just make her own
chapstick I have multiple videos of me
making my own chapstick or lip gloss
I even have another you need point
behind you don't know in my closet which
was behind me I have a bunch of kits you
guys got me hey Carolyn lip balms and I
don't know that bald kid in there two
books kind of as merch I don't know do
they cuz it's kinda is what is listed up
an Amishman of merch also the word
definition definition of merch is just
gonna say merchandise
what okay
whoa mercs has a lot of different
meetings that just you know merchandise
it means something different in Chicago
what in the world
short for merchandise okay an autumn
merch creeps into stores summer sales
offer up lunatic bargains that was it's
totally the weirdest definition of merch
of ever stations especially items
related to a band film sports team etc
so items I guess a book is merch because
of bocas items related to me so I guess
merch and I guess the book is merged but
it's a little more intricate I have the
biggest it for me I can just feel it you
can't see anything but I can feel it oh
you see the light yeah that's it I
should stop playing with it but it hurts
it's really sore I don't know what was
saying anyway back to Twitter you should
totally do a photo shoot with you Matt
and Blais do you think I could get Matt
and blase to get in a photo shoot
without both of them Kingdom cells suck
also I do that pictures shout out to
Chicago hang off please make a
merchandise onesie it is too hot for
that how dare you say the word onesie in
this heat I'm mad at you
do you still musically yeah but I have
just had zero time moving takes so much
time and it's so annoying
also when you're searching for a place
to move to and you were on book tour and
VidCon all at the same time I've had no
time so my main priorities were just
getting main channel videos out and then
trying to tweet your Instagram ELISA
well I've had no time to do any
musically related things or even vlog
related things so now that I have time
I'm getting the blocks channel back up
and
maybe people still doing musically I
don't know what's going on anymore with
the world because I've been disconnected
tried wife's face ah so hate not being
able to be connected dude dude dude
how's your eye it's good that's I guess
it is bruised you got poked at it really
hard for it to hurt though but that's
the same with a lot of everything in
your body I got a lot of pimples because
I gave you a period - whoa-ho-ho-oh
Julia I'm sorry oh my gosh are this
period is starting soon it may be a bug
bite no that's for sure a pimple yeah
that's a couple yeah I forgot my period
starting soon that's the reason favorite
Disney villain I've never thought about
that
I like a stun song gaston song is like
the best villain I don't know and make
the villains really unlikable the parrot
from Aladdin
because he's a parrot you didn't know
any better I feel bad because when I
gave you coffee there was like no ice in
it I feel really bad Olivia don't I'm
pretty sure I drank it stuff I got
coffee a few times onto her and I always
drink them all whether it was coffee
coffee
weathers icism or not because I had no
energy
I didn't sleep really that entire week
that I was some book tours so coffee was
my love whether it was hot cold or
lukewarm so we just had fun
me I already am so that was a waste of a
tweet and my time can you sing the
Gaston song or I'm silly good let
someone by the girl so you write back
do you like The Lion King yeah but it
was I guess they're all sad yes the
Descent would you barely know how to
order works and you were just trying to
use it so you can talk to Rachel
Cassie hello welcome to Twitter it's a
lovely place once you figure it out a
collab is needed between who Brandon
between who say our names aren't gonna
unsubscribe I'm just not concerning
because of that you don't tell me what
to do it's weirding me out you have a
mirror behind you
what do you want me to do with it I
thought you would enjoy the mirror
actually I didn't even think about it it
felt like right before I press live Demi
no how is that eyelashes with coconut
oil doing I forgot I still ask me that
at what stores are the lions show or
something or VidCon I can't remember I
was doing it for a long time and then I
think that Vaseline I was doing it on
this Vaseline on this side and the
coconut oil on this side I think the
Vaseline worked better than the coconut
oil in all honesty that's just the
conclusion of the day so yeah sometimes
I put coconut oil under my bags just
because like they feel like my face
feels dry stop this coconut oil so
sometimes I do that it feels nice before
go to bed your mare is distracting
Sophia get over it that's my back cuz
it's my back yeah but a back a backside
talk some fidget spinners they're fun I
have one against it are there are people
who are very into them that's their
choice you know every generation has
stuff people for a while collected
yo-yos a lot of people collecting cogs
it's just one of the things they're up
you know veggie spenders is now
we're gonna it's it's game it's not
drugs guys kids are collecting widget
spinners instead of drugs and I support
that also the guys satisfying help my
dog just ate my Beauty Blender Hayley
you need to help your dog tops I'm
Hannah Montana mr. Cate
I miss her she had the best of both
worlds guess what what Emma so once I
guess Gaston no one's quickest guess
that no one's neck is incredibly thick
as Gaston go on MySpace do I even have
one still pretty sure to leave about
MySpace so okay didn't someone was it
Justin Timberlake who try to buy MySpace
and make it like a music place why would
you try and buy something that's dead
instead of just creating new life I try
to revive you just create I was supposed
I was gonna try and be motivational
didn't work out that well why don't you
allow us to put you in group chats I've
seen a lot because when I am it okay
yeah I have a thing on my Twitter no one
can put me in a group chat I can't be in
group chats one kids lie and say people
are in the group chats when or not and
they Photoshop things setting like this
person's and like a famous person center
group chat miss and these things so I
have a void in that situation completely
you can't say I did something when I
can't be in any group chest also it is
so hard to follow along with those and
they keep getting sent to the top by DM
box might be a box I like it to be the
tech personal like but with group
messages its y'all talking to each other
and I can't keep up at all and it just
you read like being in my top of my
inbox and I want to like be able to like
read like I have conversations with
people it's just it made my brain hurt
that's basically what it gots it also
it's keeping me out of trouble so I am
NOT in group chats and that is okay with
me
you've been proud you've been privately
direct message me and that's it
do you have a 50 D so at the moment I
just finished watching globe gorgeous
ladies of wrestling
it's a Netflix original series it has
one season out I truly enjoyed it it was
really good
so that then also that's watching black
sails that sometimes I've been trying to
watch but the AC is always going in our
house and it makes it really difficult
to hear what they're saying even if the
volumes up we turn the volume up too
loud they talk back since for some
reason their math makes fun of me
because when I watch things on TV if
they have a slight accent it is so hard
for me to understand them I don't know
if it's our sound system or my ears
what's going on I can understand accents
in normal day life but when it's on to
TV for some reason a brain can't
comprehend it and then talk with an
accent on that shows really work about
what I do understanding it's a good show
like this why didn't you tell us about
your new Instagram right away Becky I
don't know I just felt like I need to
get a few pictures up so you guys knew
what you were in for before you follow
me that's what it was I think I don't
want people to follow it and then be
like huh
once I started posting pictures but this
is this is why this I didn't sign up for
this so what's on there it's basically
what it's gonna be
and so now you guys can't complain so
you didn't know what's being when you
aren't is followed I'm not saying what I
was evil that's giving you a sample my
dog sneezed on me again
cait- the seasoning on me all day and by
me I mean me and the couch and the
blanket and the floor
he has knees fest earlier I was laughing
at him terribly
hmm that's that
we bring back the soft it never went
anywhere honey I'm hungry what should I
eat peanut butter and jelly sandwich but
strawberry jelly why is it your book for
sale in Norway I'm going to buy it from
Amazon
I don't know June oh that's all
distributing something or other reasons
what's not my choice have you been
watching a big brother no I have it
I could watch I only watch like three
seasons I randomly in the middle and
then I didn't watch after that terrible
person because that show was amazing but
it is just so much it's huge time
commitment because that shows on like
every other day it is a big time
commitment but I guess that's good
though because I watched lot but I've
been really busy lately it's maybe I
should get into it big man is a lodger
and that's one of the reasons it's hard
to watch something when you the person
you've always watch something with
doesn't like what one watch that's I
just fell over and hit my head on the
cupboard that's that's not fun
do you guys covered do you guys think
cup roared or cupboard cupboard cut
board cut
come over TV completed the workout good
job tini
that's a weird word anyway any plans for
more live shows yeah my agent wants me
to do it Artie is two more I'm getting
them in an August or September but I'm
not gonna else where they are until
they're set in stone contract sign um
but I don't because I might be doing
something else in August but if I don't
do that then don't the shows that would
you do that know that it shows us
September but again it might go through
so I'm not going to announce anything
until it's the contracts are signed
that's all
cupboard people say cupboard got bored
everyone's mad at me because I don't
like cereal Sophia I'm sorry I don't I
don't agree with your taste buds but I
supported you in your decision to like
what you like not like which don't like
and you eating less here I'll because
it's more cereal for other people's
mini-com yeah you should get a house
party just saying what's a house party
you know I should get a house party it's
a house party an object there just when
you have a party in your house I don't
that means my family is literally trying
to get me out of my room to eat pie Kate
go eat some pie
I'll be here when you get back I mean
Elijah I might sign off I actually
probably a sign awesome but go eat pie
and then wash like the rest of us later
don't weep somehow I need to pee go pee
I peed right before I did this so I
wouldn't have to be during it thinking
ahead this time I want a cookie me too
where's your pointer it's right here
that's all have you listened to bring my
cash I get I listened to half of it was
in the car and then I had to get out of
the car to go run the errand but a half
of it I was - I liked any Cincinnati
vlog footage yeah I like two seconds of
footage and I haven't posted it I have I
also have one black light and I also
have VidCon footage I'm gonna put I'll
post it next week I've got footage of
places where I had a little
a minute up footage at each place so I
never put it in the blog but I guess I
put all of those what the need is
footages together and then that would be
multiple minutes of footage I didn't
take a shot I want to say a live stream
yeah go take a shot the heat makes me so
tired I'm hungry now I think I want a
peanut burger is for its food time guys
its food time I need need some food and
then it should film some videos oh my
god Lauren this girl named Lauren sent
me a picture of her dog named bolt and
he's the cutest little thing I've ever
seen I'm obsessed of him
does anyone have to say cup for cup
board it's both cup board
why do pronounce it covered like that's
weird right that's because that just me
that's just weird
all right forgot Cuthbert was even a
word it's a word cabinet I guess I'm
losing cabinet up cover no it's in the
hammer cover cupboards are in like
kitchens and cabinets are in like
bathrooms and then closets orange rose
we have so many words for things I don't
say that word all right well covered
yeah cupboard why don't we why don't we
spell with 2 B's instead of a PB I'm
frustrated at that word alright guys are
you going to go eat some food film some
videos but I promises the Saturdays at
Rachel's song did it I did it
thank you see you can see it you can see
the temple coming now felt it coming it
gave me a warning and I still couldn't
stop it
I had no defense no depends whatsoever
I'm about to film two videos with the
grandpa police well that's it for today
thank you guys for watching I love you
I hope you have a wonderful rest of the
day if you're in California
try and stay cool hydrated and nice
alright okay guys bye
