hey a normal daily vlog what's up
everybody how you doin I am on my way to
the pet store because I am out of pet
food and treats for blaze and ran out
today he is no longer on prescription
wet food because he is Giardia
on her heat and that all his
vaccinations sees and all the shop is
all the things he's just a healthy lil
boy now so I'm going to get him some dry
food we just Matt can't handle the smell
of wet it's just a lot of extra work so
wet food is going to be a treat
basically and I laughed when I got in
the car and Matt sent me this picture
and buddy's waiting for you it breaks my
heart
hello boy is so cute I love him anyway
we do like I haven't like to chat it
with you guys in a while we moved we're
in a rental rental house for six months
while we're still looking for a house
just need to get adequately into place
we need miles not our own space moon is
on our dog run free
we were thankful for the month cool in
let us say there but we are on our own
again it feels right yeah it's really
nice the dog has like free roam of the
house is we going to go to room we just
closed the door it's pretty simple one
story
easy peasy snap that's my life and I
just want to start this vlog because I
know I need to start vlogging it and I
meant to check my job vlogging and being
on Twitter makes me feel connected and
I've been slacking on that because I was
so busy moving moving sucks and it's
difficult and a lot of work and I don't
like it and I'm over it and I have to do
it again one of my houses I'm not gonna
hire people always come on I'm gonna
hire someone nope
I'm cheap imma doing myself my arms and
legs working oh also I started a fitness
Instagram
much better i'll talked about a later
hold on it is later whether you believe
me or not i want to pet smart yes also i
went home took off my shirt because i
was sweating profusely it's a hundred
degrees here today but anyway right now
i ordered some things from amazon and
happy it was once again the third and
half really supposed to him to sit on
the third i went to like at like three i
went to check like you the status of it
and it said they had attempted delivery
of 9:45 a.m. we were home so i was like
what and then on this all day
okay well it'll come the fifth or
whatever and then on the fifth the stuff
that was written post him on the fifth
came and the stuff decimals come on the
third never showed up again and i kept
checking online and it said like in
transit and attempted delivery note
should have been left or something like
that and there was no note so now i'm
just going to the post office because I
just want my package and it was kind of
an expensive thing so I'm hoping I have
the tracking number I'm hoping they'll
do something for me but I don't know
what that I seriously like I've never
had this much difficulty finding a
package before you move my package even
says there's post office it's it's torn
down it shut down and torn down
doctor button and post service why on
earth would it tell me to go to this one
if it doesn't exist anymore you terrible
thing you must be run by Siri throw into
another post office and they said you
have to go to the one in your city and I
said that was close because oh yeah they
moved no it's not you know that can you
type it into Google because it's not
play said it's not on Google Maps yet
there was not much don't forget there so
he literally drew me a map and I'm
following a treasure map to my post
office hopefully they can help me he
seems really cool I wish he could help
me I like when there's nice people and I
most post office before very nice I'm
not trying to stereotype it's just I've
had some free pad encounters and he was
really nice he drew me a treasure map
sarnax anyway let's see this place has
mine forget back
I am a baggage and a bunch of other mail
I didn't know it's being held at the
post office the house was vacant for so
long that it had a hold on the mail so
anything not supposed to be sent there
got saved at the post office apparently
and so they were just holding all my
stuff and I was like well I live there
now can I have my things
he was like of course but yeah they were
just holding all my stuff and he's like
yeah you had a red bar on your address
so think we'll take my red bar off now
my stuff can get to me that long and
like Matt had stuff and I had like we
just had a bunch of stuff there we were
like we just thought the postman didn't
know where our house was
we figured it out yay the man at the
post office was very nice and I
appreciated it did I wake you up did I
wake you up now yeah where you nap it
was a bust in here there we go
there we go sometimes my camera changes
its own settings and it's very annoying
when it does sat-comm plays yeah moving
crews flew move move them drew
displeased
Oh dirty later noise fire close this out
today I wanted to talk about I mentioned
earlier out by the way this is what
happens when you own a dog and they
don't realize that your face is not a
place to walk and do you play I
mentioned earlier I'm doing a I made a
fitness Instagram I've always been into
fitness as always something I like love
but I feel like everyone I know thinks
it's douchey to post like pics of it so
I just made a second Instagram so if you
want to follow it you can what was
calling me an Amber Alert people can you
stop stealing people gosh what is with
the world stop dude did you just get an
Amber Alert sorry man I got very
distracted by the Amber Alert
anyway I know a lot of people don't like
watching fitness stuff or hearing about
fitness stuff and I'm feeling I'm very
sensitive to that but I don't push it as
much as my soul wants to so I made a
separate Instagram it's our ball or
fitness there's a very few pictures up
right now I literally made it on the
July 2nd or something like that so just
a few days ago has I'm in a week old
yeah I was going to do a full week of
pictures before telling you guys about
it but I thought I just wanted to tell
you about it right now anyway our bio
photo sometimes remember if you if you
care about that you guys don't have to
follow if you don't care about fitness
don't care about seeing you lift a
weight or what I ate or just me
complaining about being tired and sweaty
you don't have to follow at all but it's
just there if you do like that kind of
stuff all right that's it I'm closing
this out I love you guys
stay tomorrow bye
