Oh
I'm at my parents house
we brought delays because he's a fan
favorite mess and my dad are going to be
some barbecuing everyone else is in the
kitchen making things except me and
Andrew we stay out of the kitchen as
always and tell times yeah we're taking
care the dog that's what we're doing I
cut up the shirt and I want the kids to
draw on it but they're not here yet
where are they that's else lame well
he's not gonna go sleep bump-bump mom
I'm not gonna go leave okay
we don't want anyone sitting on the baby
so this was Christopher's and my idea
don't sit on the baby I just took a
really good shot of the family photos
but did it on Colleen's camera hopefully
she let me to steal the footage from our
fi remember all right so right now what
hypothesis where did the party was fun I
dropped my phone doing it okay we're on
our way to go through the fireworks and
that is staying at my parents house with
blaze and the rest of them so they don't
freak out with the fireworks happen but
right now we're stopping at our old high
school because our old high school did a
wall of like famous people that went
here and I was my half close and they
did clean kalina's on the wall and
someone graffiti'd over her face so
let's go take a look-see parked more
illegally three-spot handicap love it
hey Jackson I like that he just doesn't
wear shoes here's all the famous people
there's TV so excited that's fine
Colleen oh my god this my old high
school I don't know who any of these
people are Todd any AG me and some boobs
is that a face I don't know what this
says I don't get graffiti we made our
way to the fireworks after coins very
beautiful murals are facing
andrew is my cuddle buddy are fireworks
we've got but I want to cuddle you is
weird for Cubs you can cuddle me oh this
cousin I'll cuddle hi Matt's not here
see the colony and places to your
employees and your dogs not here so
cuddle time cousin cattle cat bed here
we find in an older tell Virgil the
native of the land making her bed for
the night a native set of our ribs not
I'm not trying to be raised on an
outdoor service truck
no it's Brooke Hilo's when she lays down
she has a pillow like this oh really is
good meet and greet its mate in greet
time me angry if you read time what time
is it it beats entry time
ah
and why I sing the national anthem but
no one can hear the person in charge so
no one knew where we were the song it
was right Amy both right address someone
is flying a drone into the fireworks
it's going to get melted inside
you
okay so for the doll I was so much fun
the gardener assess my window um there I
had so much fun 4th July I didn't film
the rest of it because I got sand in my
camera lens and I was scared of opening
and closing it until I fixed it
hi plays did you want to say hello to
everybody hi buddy
um so if you want to see the end of 4th
of July check out Colleen's or Corey's
vlog and then they both said uh vlog not
like one of the other watch boat and I
look right right now but don't bite that
don't bite that that's a no-no that's a
no-no anyway but I just missed my camera
lens so it's not broken so that will not
be the title of this law that my camera
broke anyway I have so much fun and
that's been event did you like the
firework move students ooh they're going
to woudl okay hello guys and I'll see
you later than watching my E
