hello good morning everybody I'm with my
mom we're both out of focus there we go
what's happening oh thanks oh we are on
our way to San Francisco I have my last
book stop in San Francisco today is
evening come on why are you focusing on
a sign behind the camera the time is not
more important to me anyway we have a
blast signing today and I thought I'd
bring my mommy because it's just a one
little tryst day trip it's well we're
coming back tomorrow morning
but it's like 24 hours what if I wanna
bring a little buddy
mom's coming with me sorry I haven't
been vlogging just didn't yeah how much
let's keep up with you if you don't have
daily vlog so I know what's going on in
your life sorry mom be solar mom and I
made it to Petaluma I will show you the
hotel room later another thing I would
say it quarter you're in for a treat I
was saying it like courtyards and looks
like normal hotels and in New York to
try to put me they did put me into
hipster place and then here it is like
I'll show you my key
to my room it's actually this but sell
sushi cheap but we were walking to talk
about and I found a piece of place and
I'm like you know what I want that
instead and because of that I'm gonna
write a pig so we're in Petaluma which
is about an hour outside San Francisco
and apparently they're famous for
chickens it was just is the chicken
capital of the world so I'm taking my
mom if you know my mom at all you know
she's chicken and I'm hoping the store
and water by or chicken shirt and we'll
find something else around here it I
don't even this town as a the town it's
a tiny tiny town
that's how I'll explain it there is no
normal source here we tried the gas
station I just want a chicken shirt but
in their defense we've only been on one
block is one block of no chicken strip
or normal stores for me to get things
I'm used to seeing in courtyards of so
this before and I know exactly what's in
the Mart and so I for some reason
thought I was taking the courtyard here
as well and so I was like oh I reckon
great for things like that I have it at
the Mart in the courtyard i'ma show you
the hotel
okay these you know your hotel and give
you little bottles of shampoo
conditioner lotion or every individual
about these you share with the guests
with the future and the past my mom and
a good point we don't know what people
could have put in there
there could be bodily juices from other
shoes bed those so we are not using but
I can I say I'd appreciate I do
appreciate the close-up mer
I do appreciate it that's okay but also
is this not a bathtub that would be in
like a 60s murder scene yeah I remember
that me my head hood didn't touching it
it's a very hipster hotel very hipster
there's a goose oh dang it there's a
goose does that goose light up light my
goose up mom light my goose up come on
cuz doesn't even lucky for me they just
like my cool school I know man maybe you
have to turn the switch on first oh you
have to work it this hotel is very
hipster very like out of the ordinary
sorry here good I am very upset about my
goose so it just was not worked and we
just sort of laugh as we often I would
assure you downstairs later I couldn't
figure out where to check in because I
had to go into someone's office it was
so weird
I'll show you guys later
I have the part my mom wants to show me
something
I found the electrical outlet come here
here by the door I'm so confused
oh my water is a living with as well she
has literally laughing the best half
hour of the morning
oh wait this was her favorite part ever
got to show you guys this exit ladder
and fire extinguisher in closet
mom you want to show them the ladder she
doesn't get like the fall time oh my god
it's just watch three okay but there's
no fire extinguishers but just our air
conditioning and alright good good
well good now you want to take a beat oh
no - not this time
just evil living for love bro
all right we're back from the meet and
greet my mom vlog a little bit of it I
don't know what she thought but thought
that you vlog some of it so editing me
we'll find out yeah we're back it's like
8 p.m. it went really fast earlier the
120 of you this is fun you guys are
beautiful lovely humans I love meeting
you and hugging you and seeing some of
you again
some we're hungry and we ate it like
four it was eight now oh yes Nick I had
half a pizza
my mom none of you will know Princess
Bride is right right movie it's a great
movie The Princess Bride one of the
leads in it wrote a book called as you
wish it's one of his lines in the movie
and my mom got it for free the book
store gives you a free book whenever you
do a book signing there my mom got this
for my dad and signed it he signed it so
she's really excited about that behind
the scenes of the making of The Princess
Bride go watch it kid what she said as
you wish but we're probably not find
some food soon as we're hungry
there wasn't talked about half a mile
away but it might be dark when we walk
back we'll figure it out we're walking
into Taco Bell and I gotta say I'm glad
my mom is with me because this is gonna
be a tarry walk when we walk back from
the dark just fat yeah well it's
Pachelbel you can't eat floors it goes
bad you gotta eat fast that's the van
that will take us like you say enough it
got cold so we got sweatshirts
at the end Mon didn't have one on my
side and they didn't even have this in
my side this is a large I'm a medium but
I got a California one we're close and
we're walking back I think it's still
bright enough to walk or half a mile to
are really fun really hipster funky oh
fella I do saw that
no but it's not good pizza it's the
pizza Mary's pizza chef told Mary
all right we're gonna walk home now
we'll do a little fashion show for you
this is my mom's fashion show it's a
passion for you guys like that for
something so a really good fashion show
and
