okay hey what's up guys I am in Chicago
I woke up at 6:30 this morning but on a
flight I'm here I walked into my hotel
room and was immediately hit with the
most disgusting heavy smell of animal
urine so that was great I literally
walked in all the woman who said that by
myself audibly went back it was sticky
in the room look that you see I was like
fish because the AC is not on it was at
69 the room was sticky and humid and
reeked of animal urine I've never really
complained about rooms to the people the
front desk usually though like maybe the
room smells like smoke and I last chain
you know it's never like I immediately
pick up the phone was like I need a new
room now this smells like animal urine
like I was just like disgusted but
anyway that was gross but I want to talk
about something I need people ranting
about Millennials all the time and the
whatever people have their opinions they
don't like how things are done now and
how we act now and we're ruining the
world sometimes they make some good
points about some very small percentage
of people in this age range whatever
they're coming up with these stereotypes
some of them are true but not bad like
you guys do I'm sure you've been on
Twitter and seen like more like
Millennials need to stop buying avocado
toast in order to buy a house I have
never bought avocado toast before I
didn't even know that was the thing that
just might be me not being hip but and
then another one's like why aren't
Millennials buying diamonds but usually
I ignore all that stuff I laugh I'm like
okay and I'm like people just love to
hate people love they hate oh my god
people love to hate they're bored people
are bored whenever someone is hating I
just go that person forward but I was
just on Facebook as follows girl Ellie I
don't you know how I know her but
supposed to this thing complaining about
the article so I clicked on it and said
25 things Millennials think are cool but
aren't and I was like oh this this might
be funny there are some good ones that
either have been some funny ones and I
agree with some of them but this one was
written by probably the most bitter
person on the entire planet the first
one man bun
whatever I hate man buns and I don't
care anymore it's your hair but whatever
don't care fancy Starbucks drinks like
the unicorn frappuccinos I agree with
that one I think that one's really
stupid I think that was really stupid
see I'm like I'm open I'm open to your
opinions and then it says avocado toast
or avocado on anything else all in all
is that an SD card hold okay so put it
off okata toast again
I literally never had avocados but if it
some people like it why is it so wrong
to eat and then it says or avocado
anything else I grew up in Southern
California Santa Barbara avocado was
just kind of a staple in our food before
it was Millennials like my parents put
it on stop so I don't get why everyone
all of a sudden hating on avocados
avocados are delicious and really good
for you and also if you're in California
it's not that difficult to get a hold of
so I have no idea why people all the
said dating Millennials for eating
avocados but okay that's fine and then
it says hipster facial hair sometimes
it's cool I don't really care do your
thing and then craft drinks wonder why
you're paying $10 for a bottle of brew
wonder no more
listen if you don't want to buy it don't
buy it but also I was in the craft beer
scene for a while and hey guess what it
tastes a lot better and it takes a lot
more effort to make because they're not
mass producing it like Bud Light so it
does cost more money if you're not a
beer enthusiast you wouldn't obviously
buy these beers but why are you leaning
on people to do who cares taking
Instagram photos of your food it is
stupid don't follow the accounts selfies
okay people have been taking photos of
themselves for years and hundreds of
years ago when they couldn't take a
photo of themselves they had people
paint pictures of themselves this isn't
new guys this isn't a new millennial
thing we just have the technology to do
it easier and better now me any music
festival okay I'm not a music festival
fan I don't I enjoy a concert everyone
so while depending on the person but
Woodstock existed way before Coachella
and that was the exact same thing before
us Millennials were even born so you
can't say that music festivals were
invented by Millennials you got 80 year
olds
six-year-olds talking about when they
went there their music festivals tattoos
everywhere tattoos everywhere are not a
millennial thing people have been
tattooing their bodies since before
Christopher Columbus came over and raped
everybody okay this is not a millennial
thing listen I'm not a catchy fan but
it's your frickin body you can do what
you want with it
Pinterest okay listen Pinterest is
amazing and it is not Millennials using
Pinterest it's 50 year old women they
use Facebook and Pinterest so don't
blame Pinterest on Millennials that's 50
year old women right there and
Millennials means what if I told you
means aren't funny I would say you're
the biggest liar on the planet just
because the author of this doesn't have
a freaking sense of humor does not mean
that memes aren't funny memes are
hilarious and witty and just because
they don't understand them doesn't mean
that they're not funny and lookit they
let oh my god - hypocrite see I didn't
even realize this is hypocrisy in this
they made this meme and thought it was a
funny meme completely contradicting the
fact that they're saying that memes
aren't funny
yeah hypocrite food not served on plates
I have literally never seen this before
in my life this is I've never seen this
I maybe just I don't know what that is I
saw you on tinder
maybe you shouldn't have an app that
allows you to decide to sleep with
someone or not based on the second
looking at their photo is not what you
do when you pick up someone at a bar you
see them and say hey I want to sleep
with them and then you walk up to them
and talk to them tenders the same you
just take out the bar I've literally
never been on tender before but I know
people have actually started
relationships on it and people have just
had sex because of it same as going into
a bar we have just discovered an easier
and cheaper way to do that this is how
the world works it's just we do it
simpler now clothes that look trashy but
expensive this has been around for and
bar person eats everything Apple watches
a tiny screen that you can barely see
that's an exact copy of your phone for
hundreds of dollars I am an avid Apple
watch where I understand that for some
everyone I found people that love
exercise loving
guessing this person doesn't exercise
because they love nothing but it helps
you keep track of all of your fitness
stuff and I used to kind of think this
thing like I don't understand it but I
got it and it's amazing
rose-gold everything why are you hating
a color why are you hating a color
Millennials didn't invent a color the
girl has been around forever
are you a ting you so much if you don't
like it don't get it
Whole Foods this is how I knew they
don't have a brain organic foods are not
healthier for you than regular foods but
go ahead and pay the extra 250 for every
item recently I've been eating more
foods that are natural raw I have no
preservatives in them I have to tell you
they are very different and organic
foods are made with like pesticides and
GMOs and things like that if you did an
ounce of research you would see there
there is a difference between regular
food and organic food just the stuff
that goes into it and I'm not saying
people have to buy organic food but I'm
saying there is a difference and there's
a reason it costs more money you don't
have to buy it that is okay but for you
to say there is no science backing it up
is completely false social justice
warriors also known as armchair
activists this person hates that
Millennials are standing up for what
they believe in how dare we oh wait
people have always done that I just a
hashtag hashtag sure funny also hashtags
are out no one uses that anymore oh wow
you know they're old when they say
they're called pound signs are you sixty
this is a 60 year old bitter man uber
okay this was my favorite this is what
got me really going sure go ahead and
get to a car with complete stranger who
isn't going to be held accountable to
any company all walk
taxis taxis have been around forever
that's what you do with the taxi who get
into a car with a complete stranger also
a complete stranger who isn't going to
be held accountable to any company
oh honey what are you saying
people I've had this with so many people
they're like well is it a stranger just
get into a car with a complete stranger
and like no one knows you're there
it is safer than a taxi because the app
knows where you are at all times the app
sends it to over letting you know so if
anything were to happen to you you
reported missing they could be like oh
she took it over from here to here and
this was her driver and this was the car
this was where they went and cat taxis
have been around for your car services
this is this is not new this is not new
we just made it happen for it it's
literally all we did we took taxis and
made an app how is this wrong and how is
it not cool it's really cool you might
not share with uber but lyft is the same
thing the exact same thing
brunch old ladies have been having
brunch since I can remember that is not
a millennial thing Amy Schumer Amy
Schumer Solaris she is not funny this is
written by a six-year-old bitter man I
promise you renting you know if you
socks winning all your money on brew and
vintage clothes you might be able to
afford property I'm sorry who was it
that caused the housing crash back in
like 2008 2009 who was who is that was
that I don't I don't believe that that
was Millennials no no no I don't believe
that just like per bodysuits bodysuits
are not new oh my god they're not new
socialism oh my god this person is such
a bitter human being self-made DJs
back in the day you had actually be able
to read music to call yourself a
musician
they're called DJ's not musician and
self-made everyone is self-made are you
man to know what people are hustling to
make their names known are you mad at
people are doing that for themselves
Urban Outfitters I do agree that it is
overpriced it's not craft oh but it is
surprise I will give them that see I am
least open-minded online celebrities
yeah get a real top if it pays money and
it requires work how is it not a job
anyone anyone anyone anyone why is this
person so bitter why every generation of
people does things differently the world
changes the world does different things
anyway that article is maybe so fricking
angry I wanted to talk about it there
are some things are really stupid there
are a lot of really stupid things out
there that like the hoverboards were
really stupid for a while that's okay we
can have stupid things anyway there are
some stupid things out there that every
generation does I don't get why people
hate millenials so much just because
we're kind of be made life easier for
ourselves and that pisses people off I
think like the world is changing
technology is getting better and easier
and I don't makes people so angry and
it's people that just hate change
like it's okay change always happens
it's okay so calm down about it and I'm
in Chicago and I am about to head off to
my book signing this is the earliest one
I've done I think it starts at 3:00 and
goes to 5:00 so I haven't eaten lunch
it's 1:30 but my immediate escort says
he will get me lunch while I'm signing
books
so quite haven't figured out the media
escort thing because at first I was like
oh they're like my bodyguard like my
enforcer of the line but uh yeah they're
not yesterday I have the media escort I
was like what all is in your job
qualification in my life you know you
see the Lambs supposed to you know
joking around trying to find out if I
was and she was like yeah I know we pick
you up from the airport take you to your
book signing and that's the business is
going down because now people just use
you Cooper's looks like what so yeah I
found out that there's just a car
service that goes into the bookstore
with me we've all been very lovely but
yeah and the first lady was like an
enforcer of the line that's why I was
like oh that's what they are but the
past couple was
it's been more the bookstores have been
doing that so I don't quite know but
that's all I mean I guess it is nice to
have someone walk into the stores with
me and like all the places ahead of time
before I go in then it's nice plan I
don't know also I lost the perfume which
is really freaking annoying because I
like my teas me perfume I've lost that
going see you later I'm done with the
signing I haven't filmed any of the
signing it's just too hectic to do it
but one
let's go Lauren brought her dog squishy
to the meet-and-greet and that was
adorable and paid me miss my dogs so
much anyway I didn't realize how humid
it is in Chicago I guess I just didn't
think about it but it is like a tea and
sticky at all things I'm also walked
across street a bunch people are staring
at me talk to my camera I am on my way
to get food I'm saying hotel next to
nothing so I'm walking across a mile to
get Chipotle my media escort was like oh
yeah there's a mall right across the
street but it's in a position in which
you have to cross a free way to get to
it so to actually walk to it it's about
two miles even the bird's eye view it's
about half a mile and I was like yeah oh
I am just walking there's no sidewalk on
this side is there oh well Frick I am oh
well
walk I'm on a curve there's no I'm in
the middle of whatever so there's no
sidewalk I just really need to hurry up
because it's gonna get dark soon and I
cremated to support lilac yeah oh got
back to the meet-and-greet and I
accidentally took a half hour 45 min of
map that mean to I get to sleep tonight
though my fly is until 2:00 tomorrow my
god I'm literally walking on a freeway
I did not expect there did not be a
sidewalk over here I was like on a
sidewalk across the street and then
there was no more sidewalk again so
we're going to tick or something I'm in
bushes now also I'm not even in Chicago
my publisher sent me to all these big
cities but I'm actually like an hour
half hour out of actual cities I was
actually in LA and in New York those
were like the least amount of people
showed up because no one actually goes
into the city but I'm like I'm in
Chicago but I'm actually like Oakbrook
or something and then when I was in
Atlanta I was actually in like an hour
outside of Atlanta so I'm going all
these places that I'm not actually going
to any of these places I am sweating it
is so hot
