made it to the airport hanging out with
my best friend trash my are the rest
best friend :
we got some editing done my flight said
it was the way and our text message is
delayed but I just printed the tick in
and says it's on time I don't know how
also mr. logo is complaining about TSA
free and it's because the people that
booked my flight put in my birthday
wrong so I wasn't getting any of the
mile and any of the pre security
checkpoints and stuff so I finally
figured that out nice lady care for
health index would be nice people the
things eventually happen New York y'all
look at my view and a stroke just pacing
the top right my room is so bad I feel
it this is what if cert it's cute but
it's definitely a hipster little room
like this is a it's a bit oh I'm used to
saying it courtyards and courtyards so I
walk in the middle I literally had to
ask where I'm supposed to check in
because like it looks did you even see
the check-in no you didn't because it's
weird
at the Barnes nobles and I'm going to
sign a bunch of books now okay bye
all right just sign 286 books I think
they said my 286 but look at this
contraption here unless I'm a spy look
at there's a bar thing here and look at
Han I gotta let it focus
I am spying on you I'm spying on you
very little to you sorry hey listen I'm
a spy look at I see your faces I see all
of you sitting there then some of you
standing you're touching your hair this
is the time you have no idea I'm vital
focus come on you have no idea I'm not
spying on incense and I'm not johnson
johnson awesome stuff
I'm man I have a friend here to me
and greed just happened 40 minutes it
was actually 30 and then I've been
hanging around I was one straggler that
came late so we're just hanging out
making sure there's no one else that
like got here a little late alright so
we left the signing deciding is done
because we're going quick tomorrow it
could be long as 250 kids Boston
tomorrow but Sammy and I want dinner and
we want ribs so we're going to a rib
joint for Walker right now I want some
ribs and mashed potatoes that's what I'm
gonna do
so that was some barbecue it was
something don't feel healthy I'll tell
you that much
but we're actually going to a gardens of
nobles right out because I haven't
actually seen my book on the shelves in
person yet so there was one half mile
away so we are going to do that right
now we have no idea where in this
Barnstable level could be we take a
really big Barnes and Noble is like a 16
story we don't even know what section I
am humor Christian life found Christian
life we're looking chanting work let's
see if I'm anywhere to be found I found
it I found it in the stores so the
escalator and there it is right there
good morning it is 7:50 a.m. on Friday
and I am about to head out to Boston
we got a full night's sleep finally so I
feel better this chair will go up in a
cop tack and this morning I woke up
feeling like oh I just have a little
tickle in my throat which is great I'm
not finished getting ready and I'm
heading over to Boston
um every book signing there's a cap at
250 and Boston is the only place that
sold out everyone else is like a hundred
so I'm going to be hugging a lot of
people in Boston today and I'm excited
about it
I named him Walter
there you go Walter he looks so good in
my bed I'm in Boston button enough all
cuz wears a pirate so don't do anything
we just say all my around and if you
like us to do women we'll just tell you
we don't bling
ten points as we know what that's from
anyway so it's 2:15 I'm going to go out
and grab a sandwich and it doesn't look
like it's raining right now so it's a
perfect time to go do this got myself a
fidgets better
I was bored at the airport for some
reason I I'm not in charge of any of the
travel or hotels on this trip which is
weird for me because usually I don't
plan stuff for Coleen's
tricks but I'm usually a little more
hands-on and have a little bit of like
kind of I might really say I guess
calling just travel the same way as I do
so we're like good Airport an hour to an
hour and 20 early and that's it or
whatever and we know what time we want
cars to pick a set of stuff but with
this I'm not really planning anything
I'm just told what to do and today the
car my flight was at 11:00 to pick me up
at 8 o'clock and I was like okay that's
three hours early and when I was at
11:15 and they picked me up at 8:00 and
I was like okay three hours early maybe
it's cuz New York and the traffic's
gonna be really bad I got to the airport
two and a half hours early for my flight
I was so bored I was tired I was so
tired I got a full night's sleep last
night
but you know how like sometimes when you
don't sleep early on time and then you
finally do get the appropriate amount of
sleep it wasn't
because you have to catch up on the
sleep that you didn't get before so
while you've got a full seven or eight
hours you're still missing like 20 hours
from like a few days before so my body
was trying so hard to stay awake which
is we can't give me anxiety to look what
would fall asleep at the airport I'm
just like and so i legit with about
efficiency a bottle water at a fidget
center and a cop traveling alone socks
because i'm going crazy by myself and i
want to hang out with you guys but
there's nothing like travel i I've
always travelled with other people for
Colin's show or you know for like a
vacation with friends and family like I
always travel with people so traveling
by myself this is an experience and one
of the reasons kollene originally hired
me when I started working for her was
because Lauren shouldn't she kind of
need an assistant like every job is
easier and you have another person
helping but mainly she just didn't want
to travel alone anymore and I completely
understand it now you need someone oh
I'll make it through these couple days
but I'm glad I'm flying that out to
Cincinnati it is just so boring and
lonely how you end up buying yourself a
fish is better I'm editing my blogger
and also finished doing that and then
freshen up and sit on my bed yeah
laughing so sorry I am underground I'm
at the bookstore in Boston to sign
almost 300 books I think my signing
Hanna's on her is the hand holds the
bulk pages open and society requires
very high $3,000 shows it can you
booksellers name is r3 anyway they
always haven't come an hour early but it
takes me 20 minutes max to sign
everything so I just hang out aya
midea escorts getting me some tea I'm
trying to get rid of my voice is almost
100% we're at like 90 I thought maybe
some tea would jump it up because after
meeting greets I always kind of lose my
voice a little bit more again because
I've been targeting guys pusher I love
and I don't want to stop so I saw Bailey
some tea with honey what helped
um you know not hurt at the end because
they sold my max is 250 and they sold
270 because they don't they think 20
kids will probably not end up showing up
I don't think so I'm meeting potentially
270 of you tonight which is my biggest
mean greed so far and Chicago's almost
sold out is that Cod 218 or something
like that
and then I don't know what Cincinnati's
that I go minutes with Dori Lori and
this must be really annoying to everyone
else about me right now
all right I'm back of the hotel I dinner
by myself
I've watched a couple episodes of stuff
when I should have been working but I
didn't work so before I go to bed and
have to make up in six hours okay so
before I go to bed and I go through my
gifts but if you'll notice there are no
gift bags that work if oh I got a bunch
of gifts for you guys because you're the
sweetest
and it usually I put them all in a bag
sounds wrong but like a garbage bag but
not in a rock would not impact my to
transport it because it's a lot of like
you bundle individual bags either
consolidate them into a bigger bag or I
put them in boxes and I transport them
to my hotel room and then I get thrown
away the bags in the tissue paper and I
keep the gifts and the letters well
today the my media escort today what are
you going to do with all these bags so I
got my go throw them you know and other
that's what I do every night
she's like what are you gonna do with
the bags it's like the bags of gifts
should get the bags I was like I like
the physical gift bags I'm going to I'm
gonna throw those away and she's like I
waste like D do you want the gift bags
and she was like I would love it and
started taking out all the presents and
just taking the gift bags and I was like
oh oh oh can I make fire I'm trying to
the cards with the gifts and all the
presents in these boxes obviously I have
all the presents but I was like - you
what did you took like party gift that I
let her have some cookies she's like are
you even eat all of these cookies like
people with bichri cookies all like you
can have a you take the case
she was living for the present I felt so
weird because I don't know
she's such callous stuff I was very
confused by it but she was a sweet sweet
lady so yeah that was hilarious so I'm
gonna go through the boxes of gifts now
there are no bags so I watched some more
Nikita but I just thought that was funny
how she was very interested in the gift
bags themselves and did not care I was
inside of them most people are intrigued
like oh what'd you get what did they get
you
she wanted the bags so I gave her the
bags okay yeah now I go through the
stuff alright that's about spitting
everywhere I'm eating these that I
accidentally put the shower sugar hey I
wanted to show you this really cool
trick thing place necklace oh what made
me lose I think it's triggered ink look
at that and that cute that's pretty cute
oh please necklace I like it
well you guys got me a couple things
luckily I have boxes so I plan to have
my media escort ship it for me in the
morning I'm gonna box it up on my
address on it can you send this on gimme
put the 1 there obably great video ideas
you guys know me so well it makes me
just kind of like really happy how are
you guys know me and that also means
that I just sounds weird I'm tired I'm
staying true to who I asked the Internet
does that sound so weird like I don't
like you guys know me so well I'm like
they actually do like no need
I don't know you making sense anyway
sorry packed up and hopefully the lady
can send it out tomorrow or she'll agree
to do it I haven't really asked yeah you
guys just got me so much great stuff but
yeah it's what I am
I need a week by 6:30 so I'm gonna go
sleep but that's today and I love you
thanks for watching have a little
yaaayyy
