I'm exhausted
Georgia I'm here in Georgia Oh myself I
just want to eat my Snickers I'm so
hungry I'm gonna eat it on the plane but
then they're like we assemble with uh
severe nut allergy so you get all these
Rephaim meeting anything with nuts in it
or on this airplane I appreciate it Mike
how did I get the one freaking candy bar
well not the one as I choose I'd never
get Snickers and I chose one friggin
nuts I'm real hungry whoever met at each
city I have what's called a media escort
and in LA like a middle-aged woman who's
really nice they're there to make sure
the line is going appropriately and I'm
taken care of because there's no one on
the tour which means is looking out for
just me you know make sure I feel okay
you know sometimes there's a lot of
times in meet-and-greets when there's a
sketchy person or there's not a lot of
time in Greece where like one of us
feels really sick we just need just sit
or take a drink of water something so
you need someone there could be like hey
Mike those are just for you girl
meet-and-greet I didn't know media
escorts or a thing but have a new one
every city and today it's this is it
wrong to guess ages is it rude some guys
in 77 year old woman
lovely ladies but don't know anything
about YouTube she's Vic very lovely and
she told me all about the airport and
parking at the airport but I don't know
why John unis I wasn't going to rinse
off but that was way too much work so I
splashed water on my face and felt so
good but since I got this cold my dog
here medicine still would spread to my
nose even spread to my nose I turned
into friggin
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer and it's
crusty and it's gross
so hopefully stop it from doing that but
not these like miniature nosebleeds
every time I blow my nose like the one
comes out what what is this this really
cause it's never been in those Leader
reports what's happening now I almost
have my full voice back Auto robos
wishful thinking but to me sounds better
it has right I don't know excuse me
anyone goes down I'm playing in my
contacts right now try to make myself a
little presentable twenty minutes we
will rub some food
well girls got eighty clothing I do not
and do all those smooth so suppose I
asked Matt for picture of either half or
blaze because I needed to feel of my
boys and you said no or are you because
you left that he's be shoking or get a
picture because I'm so sad I already
guess that I miss my boys also here's my
blood from I want Evie's old my nose I'm
not girls to bloom right on the top I
would wash my face I did this and blood
came out so I don't know what is
happening was my face isn't never happen
with my face before but I'm figuring out
all right
oh it's this mega plants and the turn on
some tunes which are copyright
infringement and I put them in his vlog
so I'm gonna turn this off
we
we're starting right now I've been up
here for about an hour I said six and
then finding hey guys guys guys
all my guys I just finished my book
signing new went for an hour last night
I laughed the book the book sighing
started at 7:00 it was over in like 20
minutes and I left by 7:40 and at 8:00
the two sisters showed up and one of
them is bringing the other one for a
birthday I didn't get to see him so I
was so scared I was gonna have at this
time
so we stayed a few like you know 10 20
minutes later and I'm so glad I did
because a little girl her mom showed up
it was for her birthday so just so you
guys know I know that most of the things
say like from 7:00 to 9:00 but if it's
8:00 and no one's there the bookstore is
done they want to go home so make sure
you're there earlier than later I mean I
did hung around but I also just wish I
had a feeling I'm glad I did because I
got to meet a little girl for her 13th
birthday
but anyway what not expecting all of
these presents when I go into a clean
and stuff I usually get like a few
things and I'm so grateful for I need to
buy another suitcase I need to buy I
need to ship now I don't even know what
is to do I'm going through there's a lot
of separate videos I think I might make
a bunch of videos tonight I mean why not
I've nothing else to do so lonely
snowing here usually after events I have
like my mom or Colleen or Cory you're
paying someone plus there is someone I
need someone to do text math maybe I
don't know so lonely I don't do alone by
myself
I've never done this before this is my
pot home yeah Starbucks gift card name
but I'm going to poop because I've been
holding it in for a really long time and
then Oh someone got a cough drops today
today I'm not going to leave you in my
hand so I'm going to pull in a doctor
ever I'm going to presence right now
okay someone got me a little blaze mom
and this I'm already I think it's from
uh Izzy and Julia
what's the tea i am i onto our shirt I'm
watching Christopher's vlog
alright pause my youtube someone gave me
these cookies and look at little blaze
she said her mom's boss made them and
that they taste good and look how I get
in here there's tape let me in okay so
the thing is just sent you somewhere I
have a tripod with me will I get it out
probably not focus focus there you are
it's just cuz the music should talk
anyway
it's 10:00 p.m. I should go to sleep in
the next two hours but I have a video to
edit I've always fun to like to play
with I'll show you I'll show you in a
second but I haven't eaten really at all
today I had some candy
strawberries a parfait and half a salad
and I don't want to go out of my hotel
room to eat I don't want to I'm tired
and I have things to do so I'm eating
cookies cupcakes and candy decisive
kimsen me today it's a really healthy
diet but I really wanted to eat this
little blaze cookie that was his from
Kindle don't work in the Watkins yes so
thank you candle you said they both look
and taste good so I'm gonna test your
theory whoa
they taste pretty good
mmm Jer I got a slime kit come on all
right whatever this game with
obstructions which were it works read
the instructions he doesn't say to do
this but do this and ask family for help
love that you guys know I don't know how
to play with children's toys we're also
gotten good Obama I'm tiny bear look how
gentle she's holding it I have so many
things I could do
Oh someone did a bunch of my thumbnails
from like way back in the day like these
ROG videos look at all this stuff you
guys play what's a crap you guys spoiled
me stuff for blaze thank you so much I
literally have to buy another chuckle
back new Mac I must spend money because
of all your love Oh Pete my way for half
of this Oh
okay so I'll give me a dino dig ragged
to dig for a dinosaur they also give me
a bug one but that scares me because I
don't like bugs so we're going to dig
for a dinosaur all you need is a solid
level surface right here on this table
this is my Dino egg
I'm enough freaking dig for a dino we're
close you can get messy man here we go
uh attach my pants on I got him kind of
dirty at my Cameron covered in chalk I
just spent 15 minutes doing that when I
have so much other stuff I should be
doing instead
oops I'm going to wake up early and some
with us it's almost midnight I had this
plan to do all these things and then a
bunch of stuff came up
just I couldn't plan it it just happened
and now Matt is thinking of maybe coming
to Cincinnati on Sunday so I'm seeing if
my parents can watch the dog and I'm
trying to figure out what's what and I
was playing with toys for too long and I
was playing space for a while this toy I
got this tried to buy the Internet but
now I haven't eaten so I thought that
candy would last me well I just talked
to my mom and she scolded me so I'm
gonna go down to the lobby and hopefully
they have something I can eat down there
I think they have some frozen pizza so
that's one London dinner all right I
think I'm gonna go to bed um I just
booked mass flight to Cincinnati he's
going to Cincinnati with me yeah he
won't go to the book signing he's
camera-shy guys but he's going to come
hang out with me those days I have
sunday off and that's when we thought
both fly in from different places the
book signing is on Monday and then
Tuesday we fly out so it's a quick
little trip but he wouldn't come out and
I got myself upgraded it for free I was
trying to upgrade a hand with a little
surprise that's a business not the first
or anything upgraded him I was fully
about to just take off my shirt so I'm
sorry to you guys like everything and
then I realized nope
so give me a second but then for some
reason it wouldn't let me upgrade myself
even though on his reservation it said
that there were seats available but a
mine it said that there weren't so it
called just ask I really like the lady I
mean I was just I told her what was
going on I wasn't meeting like why isn't
it working I was nice because I've
learned kind of the hard way you get you
get a better reaction when you're nice
and when you need I booked the place
myself the flights are weird I'm
I travel a lot and II didn't know I've
got Global Entry TSA pre meaning like I
skip the security lines basically I have
rewards with every airline I know the
websites inside and out I know how to do
everything basically with flying but I
cannot get my TSA pre to show up on my
tickets even though the known traveler
number is in the thing you guys I'm
talking gibberish to you guys but anyone
knows any about that you know it's
annoying when you have it and it won't
show up on your ticket and also it like
won't let me upgrade my seats and you
know one sometimes upgrades are only
like 20 bucks so 20 bucks to not be
uncomfortable you know and so on I'll
pay for the flight when you pay just for
the upgrade it's like a twenty dollar
flight you know so sometimes I spoil
myself I'm I'm traveling for a week you
know I'm sick anyway once I go I want to
upgrade myself
me and Matt for the flight home because
it's a long flight and we wanted to sit
next to each other because I booked his
ticket last so he was in like the middle
back and I was like in the aisle front
so I upgraded him I couldn't figure it
out so I was just telling her also
talking door did you go son let me try
something
then she did something and she goes okay
sweetie refresh your page they refresh
and it magically gave me a seat I wanted
I freaked out and I call to her magician
I saw there's she's using magic on me
and she laughed so hard and I'll take
wait do I not have to pay you know honey
you made me laugh my sight turn up
tonight to pay for my upgrade I made her
laugh and did you start going off about
how everyone's always mean to hurt I was
nice to her so guys if you just try
being nice every once in a while good
stuff happens except I still can't
figure out my PSA pre isn't showing up
on my ticket I don't want to have to
take off the shoes and take my laptop
out of a bag and waiting a long line I
travel a lot I know the system let it go
fruit anyway that was a hold of rumble
jumbo but it's 137 a.m. I'm with you but
six to film so and I only got three
hours of sleep last night
so I'm gonna go to bed now I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow
in New York you know please
