and alive let's tweet this don't freak
out my dogs on my lap this is so I just
was Sydney earth doing social medias I
would use the hashtag Rachel's 101
things book ho on and then on here no
one's watching us blades how many
friends but you can't be my only friend
you're going to sleep on me
I do not interest him at all guys my
book is out today or is it how can I
can't reach it with the dog on me
did you want to read it did you want to
read it no more enjoy wake up
go back to sleep go back sis that's as
mine is it my book you try to eat it
once today you can't eat it again no
it's my vision my first book this is the
first ever book you can't eat it again
thank you
alright um anyway I was just so excited
I'm just on the internet all day
following and liking and commenting and
damming and I'm just so happy and I just
wanted to thank you guys and I thought
I'd do a little livestream I just full
celebration I haven't done one in a
while
oh full push I should publish okay
okay Leslie don't eat the courts let's
sleep okay um so I thought I'd just hang
out with you guys
ah I leave in a couple hours for my la
book signing but I thought I'd just live
stream for like 20-30 minutes cuz I had
the time I should be getting ready to
leave tomorrow morning for my you know
trip but I thought I just hang out with
you guys instead because I'm so excited
I'm so happy guys you guys are making me
feel so loved and so welcome you know I
should check to see if this is working
cause I just like went for it
what's up muffin you want to sleep
upside down okay okay alright okay
don't bite me don't bite me whoo vicious
little thing vicious little man
um hey hey hey don't eat my Apple watch
what's the hashtag 101 things book we're
using Rachel's 101 things book is the
hashtag for this live stream that's the
hashtag if you get my book take a
picture with it or just take a picture
of it and post it using hashtag 101 Oh
Rachel's 101 things book I'm really bad
at knowing my own hashtag that I've been
using okay that's me
don't bite me um anyway oh stop that
don't bite me I woke you up I woke
you're sound asleep I woke you up I'm
sorry I'm sorry you want go back to
sleep I'm gonna put you on the floor if
you don't behave I'm gonna put you on
the floor if we don't be a now you'll
get over all right see you in six days
see in six days I still don't have a
voice but just because says can't wait
to hug you tomorrow in Atlanta Georgia I
can't wait up yeah right yeah Oh can't
we talk you're either yeah I know where
I'm going I'm going to an in Georgia
baby um let's see here I have it I'm so
happy oh thank you faith for getting my
book you sound like Colleen it's scaring
me clean doesn't sound like this who
doesn't have a hoarse voice she is a
beautiful voice I mean when she's sick I
guess she sounds like this but I don't
know you sound like Abby Lee Miller
ginger that is a more accurate
description of my voice right now little
Katie got my book thanks little Katie
there's only one of my voices and this
is our sound for a while I'm hoping it
clears up tomorrow but I doubt it will
oh goodness I can feel them out there
maybe oh no it's gonna go back it
dishwasher meeting noise digging it
Bobby yeah I love people digging
pictures of it with their Kindles I see
you Antonio
all right my mom and my dad and Trent
are on their way here come to the book
signing so if you're coming to LA book
signing tonight I'm gonna be some other
humans there so that's all I think my
favorite compliment is people don't you
dare try and bite my nipple this
cannibal I love him so much all the deep
breath oh he gave up um the best
compliment I think I've been getting is
that people say they can hear me saying
it like it's going hundred-percent
written in my voice which is what I was
trying to do like something like the
publisher I wrote it all I wrote the
whole thing and then my best friend
Kelly six she's mentioned in it um she
would help me with grammar a little bit
then I got what's funnier this is this
gene help me out a little bit with it
but um I really wanted to make sure it
was written and it stayed written in my
voice like how I would shout something
like you can hear me saying it the words
I use and when we go to the publishers
like the editors would be like well
that's not really the correct way to say
that I'm like it doesn't matter that's
how I say so that's how it's going to be
written and said oh so I'm really glad
that a lot of people are actually like
hearing my voice through it because I I
did work really hard on that like I
wrote what I wanted then I made sure
like I would actually do the rants out
loud to make sure that's how I would say
in real life and to make sure that
that's how I wrote it down cuz like I
could make it sound more sophisticated I
guess and like more like a author I
guess someone you know who majored in
writing but I didn't do that I'm me and
I wanted it to be me and I think that's
that's the my favorite compliment that
I've been getting just talk about all my
favorite compliments everyone loves me
no no but when people say like they can
hear me screaming it it makes my heart
so happy like my roommate in college
when my best friend's texted me she got
it less yesterday somehow she got her
early I don't know that I gave it to her
I'm gonna give I don't remember but she
read it she's like I read it all in one
night and I can hear you screaming that
every single word I could hear you
screaming it in your shouting voice it's
just like
I just you took me back to college when
you'd come home and rant about something
it sounded the exact same and it made me
so happy am i good I stayed true to who
I was I stayed I stayed how I wanted it
to stay and I'm so glad about it so you
guys tell me that I'm like oh yay oh
it's got to be weird for people who have
never watched it's like this pick up the
book I wonder how they hear it cuz like
you guys clearly doesn't sound like this
but you guys know me so if you read it
you're gonna read it my voice I wonder
how it is read by someone who has never
heard me speak before you not just pick
it up in the bookstore I hope they like
it I hope they find it funny but I
wonder if they'll hear it my voice or
they'll make up their own voice then
that weird that's where to think about
right cuz you guys are reading it how I
would say it and strangers wouldn't
that's weird to think about oh my gosh
strangers might read my book it might
not just be you guys really way to think
about oh god I don't want strangers
reading it I don't know what my friends
to read it you guys are you guys aren't
mean I mean song I don't mean but always
in the best sense oh my god Brittney
said her book him coming to mail so she
bought her on iTunes to feed it I love
you I if you post a picture of it I'm
gonna follow you I'm gonna like you I'm
gonna do things I favorite thing of it
say today's people haven't gotten it yet
but I don't want to miss out I'm like
hashtag sub are like faking they like
draw a picture of the cover hand-drawn
and stuff it's really funny I'm gonna
kick out those I think those are funny I
don't want you guys to miss a day that
I'll still follow you I'll still like
you it's not your fault that the
shipping people suck and haven't gotten
to you yet like the UK got an email
saying like oh you'll get it in July and
I was like no no so I think it got
pushed to June 20th instead of July but
I'm like come on everyone should get my
book on the same day I don't think
Target selling it yet I don't know why I
thought Target and I were on good terms
I thought we liked each other but
apparently not Target apparently not
so it's in Barnes & Nobles and probably
a couple of other book shops but that's
all I know for now it's on Amazon now
let's refresh this how you guys today do
please like anyone have anything
negative to say
don't tell me except that I should know
you know cuz if I might I do a second
book I should know what the flaws of the
first one were right you learn from your
mistakes
yes as long as it's constructive
criticism
don't just be hatin make it constructive
do-do-do-do-do
some people are washing my livestream
while reading my book good good
today I had a phone I took 100 used
today for my book I've never done a
phone interview before um so that was
new to me the first guy was awesome he's
from Cincinnati he was hilarious we
talked about Belgian waffles it was
opposed to be a 20-minute phone call
ended up being like 40 minutes he was
awesome
I loved him we were talking to chat
about everything he knew everything
about uni YouTube you to my family he
was awesome I loved him
chat for our it was very unprofessional
but professional like we weren't talking
about some groceries but it was like we
ended up talking about the stupidest
things um but then I had a phone
interview a little while ago and the
lady didn't she didn't know about
YouTube she was a book
interviewer person so she didn't know
anything about YouTube but did she ask
about politics and I was like ah yeah
perfect
I was like I what does that have to do
with my book was so awkward
I was very unprepared for that and it
made me very uncomfortable and she's
like how do you think we should fix the
world because the world seems to be in
crumbles right now and I was like laughs
everybody like I said like I think we
should on just love each other I was so
caught off guard I did not understand
what had to do with my book but you know
they all have to get their own take on
someone I can't all just ask the same
questions so I guess that was her little
spin is to get my worldview I guess I
don't have anything negative to say
because I love you so much thank you
a faker thank you very much I might get
one bar Sanel because I haven't gotten
mine yet so I can have three books oh my
god Lexi
give your friends give me a barely get a
couple pups share her out
oh gosh he's asleep he's asleep on my
way I have a dog if you just tuned in
see he exists what'd you think I was
like stroking my belly he's asleep I'm
seeing your Chicago I'm so excited
Kristen I'm so excited too you guys know
of anything I didn't tell my publishers
don't tell me anything is anything so I
know Boston is someone's only Boston was
sold out is anything else sold out I
want to make sure I get to hug everybody
I got your book on the Kindle as I live
in the UK and the postal system sucks
you know what you're a smart person Liz
oh and you're a smart person I'll follow
you for being smart yeah I hate that I
hate this is something I hate about the
world that we all can't coordinate or
shipping and it cost so much and it
takes forever and it's always too late
when you're doing international why why
are they why are the shipping places
trying to stop us from being best
friends and making it go faster and
easier for everyone can we just talk
about that makes me angry my mom sucks
to me remind me to grab my sweater
thingy oh I don't even know where that
is she left her sweater last time she
was here no idea where that is whoops I
have my Boston take it cool I'm glad
I'll see you there Chloe I didn't get my
New York book so I went to the store lol
good go to the store show them like this
because the payment on your book didn't
go through but I'm still wearing your
shirt Oh Haley four days oh you know
what that's okay
that's okay it's the thought that counts
you'll eventually read it just go no
Barnes & Noble sit down it should only
take you about 40 people are saying it
takes them takes them about 45 minutes
to an hour to read it is an easy read
and there's a lot of pictures and
drawings and stuff I'm not trying to you
know write the next Harry Potter it's
definitely like a coffee
table you can read it in under an hour
kind of thing and so you know sneaking
no burns and levels and read it I
shouldn't be telling you to do that but
I am what is the circle thing oh okay
good question so if you I don't know
which one it is I don't know which
number it is but overpacking one of the
things I'm pissed off about is how much
I over pack and someone asked me what
the top left thing is on top of my
suitcase it's a bicycle seat it is a
bicycle seat we have hats and footballs
and babies and Christmas trees and extra
there's a blender in there and a glow
bracelet and the black gray and red
thing is a bicycle seat so yeah I
literally just grabbed everything for my
closet and just stuck it with you so
that fixture um I'm a photographer I
took all pictures myself I want to talk
about like what pictures I don't want to
spoil the book for those who haven't
gotten it yet so I don't want to like
completely show it open but there are
some funny stories as to how I had to
have booked right here how I had to get
some of the pictures up on the drawings
are a whole other story some drawings I
wanted actually good some didn't this
call and this is how long I've been
writing this book for how long I've been
preparing for this book this picture was
taken this one these ones were taken
when I lived in the old apartment not
the last part lived one before that over
a year ago now that's how long that
though that is I want any so you know
any text messages you see like this
where me and my friend Kelly six one who
helped me with my grammar and whatnot
and you know spin ideas off did did you
hit this dirty there is a dirty spot on
this if you can have you Justin didn't
there's a dog on my lap I'm not talking
to my crotch um but if you ever see a
text conversation it's actually between
me my friend Kelly I've deleted our
conversation and would change her name
and then we would do the texting and I
screenshot it and then I change your
name back but any of the texting
pictures are actually between me and my
friend Kelly here
a picture from back in the day like man
I've been working on this a while
Jessica City the one night they were
publishing hey you need more pictures
you promised us this many pictures
nearly said this video and I need you
like five more so I was like going
through it being like look I had a
picture - looking at a drawing - and
there's one of the things that pissed me
off is when kids wiggle their teeth and
I knew that Jake had just lost some
teeth so I texted Jessica and I was like
can I have a picture of Jake and some
gross teeth losing pictures I cook
shipped anywhere make sites she's like I
got you girl I was like go have your
permission to put on my book and she's
like yes if you notice that one I use
more a kid propria and I'm not as mean
in that one because I wanted Jake to be
able to see himself in my book um so
that one that was a late night me
scrambling to fill my book asking
Jessica for smells this pollen and this
picture was taken in Hawaii I was in
Hawaii and realized I had to do some
stuff in my book so that was taken in
Hawaii I was not in the Sun for a couple
hours finishing some stuff up with my
book this too was on the same Hawaii
trip I'm not going to show everything we
just want you to know this was in Hawaii
I clearly forgot about deadlines I had
to fill them I'm not used to em on a
boss so I really I'm really proud of my
drawings just so everyone knows I'm
really proud of all my drawings some of
these I don't even relate to anymore no
actually I still did what for
differences I was going to say the
quarters one but then I realized I do
parking meters now so I still be chords
this is the picture the person was
talking about they're asking what this
this was up here it's a bicycle seat I
don't know if you guys care anymore I'm
denying paying I should go back to
Twitter see what you guys want to say
I'm about to moment Susan I actually
have to keep doing laundry and pack God
is asleep right now and it's killing me
I can't show you because I can't bend
down my computer but I don't want to
wake him up okay
I'll snap it
I'll snapchat it he's so frickin
adorable long hard to sneeze don't don't
do it don't wake him up home I don't
like that picture it was blurry oh no I
didn't hear a sit there I'm posted on
snap so you guys can see what he looks
like right now he's killing me he's
killing me smalls killing me smalls I
should have named him smalls every day
I'm like oh I should have named him this
he has 60 names it doesn't matter what
I'd named him I would have named him
everything else as well so I know that
sounds about my toys spoil it I didn't
show that much I showed like five pages
I'm sorry I'm proud of it now when you
read it because I didn't read anything I
just showed you a couple pictures I
didn't show you my drawing so drawings
are special the drawings are very
special but I just showed you Co
pictures and now when you read it you'll
be like haha now I know a little
backstory to that one so I'm trying not
to spoil it that's really hard not me
just sit here and read the whole book to
you should that be a YouTube video maybe
in a month when it's died down a little
bit I'll read the entire book to you yes
should I just that should just be a live
show right there me just reading the
book oh good people are getting angry at
first certain things I wanted this I
knew what I knew you guys wouldn't agree
with all hundred one things that's
because what if we were all the same
person life would be pretty darn boring
so I liked hearing people's arguments
against stuff and it's pretty funny
because the book is very light-hearted
it's a very light-hearted book so I like
the light-hearted arguments back and
forth see you in a few hours
all right Ally I'll see you in a few
hours heck yes Bennet is in love I'm in
love with you Bennet thanks for getting
my bow
I love seeing all your little faces next
in a little book what someone says happy
says my book won't ship until the other
book I have pre-ordered comes out in
September
that's not how Barnes and Nobles should
work I will cancel the entry or if you
get my book a degree out of the other
book that shouldn't be now that is you
guys are starting to draw pictures of
blaze here mice look back you can see
you hey I got it out all ha you guys are
starting to draw pictures of blaze and
it makes me so happy because he's such a
little handsome am special only until a
noon Olivia wanna hug in Boston yeah I
do
obviously I'm always down to hug from oh
thanks Sabina Oh
people have my foot nerves for my
sister's book at me we are so happy guys
kollene is the cutest thing on the
planet right now I didn't like I always
she supports me always and she's a
lovely but the past two days she's been
blowing up my phone like every 10
minutes minute I'm proud of you I love
you I love you you're so great oh my
gosh I'm worried you're both here and
like she read my book I emailed it to
her before uh my it was finally done or
anything I you know it's or like the
second to last draft and I was just like
hey just you know it's my book and she
loved it then but now it's real she's
like wants to read it in real life too I
brought it up there last time I was in
Canada but she was so busy like she
looked she skimmed through it now she's
like freaking out she's so cute she I
like I'm obsessed with her she may be
put in her and a video today like my
heart is so she's being too I'm obsessed
with her I love her I just feel so much
love today I'm like overwhelming can we
talk when you wouldn't you I can't read
so that's the well I don't know if we
can talk as I can't read can we talk to
you when we meet you well yeah Chloe you
don't have to be silent you say hello
how are you I you do
how's your day you can have like you
know we can't have a whole lot engaging
dinner conversation because there's a
lot of people but you know you're
allowed to speak to me and I will speak
to you a lot of people forget to speak
and I'm like I'm like hey how you doing
and then they don't say anything and
just take a picture walk away I get
you're nervous I don't take offense to
it cuz a lot of people take me
afterwards like I forgot to speak like
it's okay that's alright but some people
chat with a storm so people don't talk
at all um I mean you can't have a
20-minute conversation because we don't
have the time I'm only allowed to be in
the stores for two hours but yeah
definitely you could talk to me and if
you don't don't be embarrassed I take
zero offense to it I love you either way
how many tickets each on there are 250
tickets for each book stop um I know
there's some left for LA today and
there's some left for Atlanta and New
York you have to show up and you can't
pre-order the ticket there I fought for
it that wouldn't let me because I'm like
I hate the fact that you guys are gonna
have to stand in line for hours and
hours to meet little me when if you
ordered the ticket online beforehand
just show up at the show up time and not
wait 12 hours especially since you guys
having to use your phones for the
pictures I don't need to run out of
battery and stuff um so yeah do you guys
are you I didn't know if you guys want
phones or photographer I wanted a
photographer there because I like candid
photos of like us hugging and stuff and
I think it's better quality and everyone
gets the same treatment like you know
you get a the same everyone's the same
quality photo but uh publishers like my
average kind of kids do it on their
phones so I know something I can't I
couldn't tell if you guys were happy
about it or not I just want to make sure
it's a photo so please make sure you
have you can bring a camera you can
bring your own camera or your phone your
it just you dotted you video um and just
make sure your phone has storage or your
camera has storage and battery because
it was gonna break my heart because
there's nothing I can do if you guys
don't have something to take a picture
with I'm yeah if man so I will break my
that happened but there's nothing I can
do so please make sure you guys have
battery and storage please because
otherwise I mean we'll still get to hug
and you still go to book we still get to
me I know you guys want that photo so
make sure you have battery and storage
whether it's a phone or a camera hey
want a hug at VidCon obviously Dasha
come to Texas next year ah all right
already already please I've been to
Texas multiple times but I was thinking
about kept stay I was thinking of where
my live show could be and I want to go
to places I've been in a while um I
haven't been and where I'm not gonna go
on book tour because I want to I love
meeting everybody and since I don't tour
that much of Polly more I mean I have
about on her last few shows but I
haven't done her bite into her bus tour
last year I haven't been to a lot of
places in a while I haven't been to
Texas in a really long time I went to
Texas I've been to Texas like four times
that I've been in a few years um I've
been to Colorado in a while I'm into a
lot of places and so I was like thinking
I thought about Texas today I was like
you know I really like I like Texas I
like I loved Austin Texas last time I
was there you know I've been to Dallas
up in Houston I want to go back so just
so you know it is on my mind I'm
thinking about all the places I haven't
gone
I know you're doing a book tour but when
are you doing a show
Adam Andrews um I've been thinking about
that as well I might be doing a project
all of August
um and I July needs to be my month of
getting my personal life together like
getting a house and doing that stuff I'm
training this guy yeah seeing my
boyfriend so July is it a big work month
for me it's a big adult doing my adult
things like a house and my personal life
um but then all of August I'm supposed
is not signed yet I haven't there's no
details I can give you it might not
happen but I'm supposed to be doing
lifting all of August so I might start
doing live shows again in September I
don't know if I'm going my sister's
European tour or not so that also
affects that so if I did do that I don't
know if I am though but if I do do that
and I wouldn't do a live show to
November October October exists October
is a month in between those two months
so October I guess so I'm aiming for
September or October for another live
show I don't know where I'll go I don't
know how many I'll do but I really enjoy
doing it and I want to do it again and
it's a great way to get out there and
you guys to see you guys and because
when I was onstage I felt like I was
hanging out with friends I mean at first
I was speeding through my my jokes and
like freaking out and but then halfway
through I was like all this dude come on
these are my buddies we're just hanging
out and I had a lot of fun after that so
um I want to do it again since now I
know when I go onstage
relax you mean you can tell yourself to
relax all you want but now I have the
feeling of what it is like to relax so I
think I'll do better and have more fun
next time have a lot of fun it was great
but I know I have even more fun next
time and as it goes on so I'm aiming for
September October for something but I
don't know yet
ohhh-kay Feifei said I dropped the extra
copy that I bought at the LGBTQ Qi Teen
Center they were stoked I think use that
is so great of you Thank You Kate they
said that's awesome
you're asking an awesome person I love
you thank you so much for doing that do
that you like better smarter person to
me do you ever do that when people do
something you're like oh I think that
you're dumb that was smart
yes that's not only oh come on why
didn't I think of that I'm slacking here
I'm slacking uh yeah so I should do that
you know just that's is it conceded of
me to do that to just go to places and
like here's a box full of a books thing
out about name in Illinois can our
parents take the pictures or the
employees have to take them um I didn't
come up with the rules it's the
publishers in the bookstores collaborate
on the rules and I have to follow them
so if I'm following the rules and I like
you know I'm like oh you can't do that
I'm my contract I have to stay with what
they said and they said that it's either
the in store employee takes the picture
or I take the selfie um so I'm sure your
parents can like snap a few I mean I'm
not gonna say anything but um they're
supposed to have the store employee take
it I'm sure
if your mom already has the camera ready
and is smart but it's like they don't
want this like oh honey honey what's
your passcode what's your passcode honey
what's a snap check how do you where's
the picture button slide up what's the
slide how are we slide sliding down but
was that the wrong way they don't want
to be blessed parents but they want to
if it's already going and your parents
for quick and stuff they just don't want
because the store employees are supposed
to be able to do the final Trussell why
Mary Oh what you guys don't trust no
store employees to take pictures um so
if your parent already has the camera
ready I think it's fine I mean I don't
know how to set up as tonight my first
one but um as long as there's no like
fumble and and jumble and I'm thinking I
think it's fine
I mean it's not the rules you're going
to break the rules but I'm I'm not going
to stop you because if I want you guys
to have good pictures I wanted a
photographer there so there wasn't
issues like that but you know whatever
I don't think they'll let your friends
take it because friends are more keen to
do video and extra photos so you're not
supposed to I'm on you I know you guys
you guys know I've done meet and greets
for years I know all your tricks of the
trade
I know you record the sound in your
pocket on their phone I know you
secretly your friends are taking video
and they're acting like you're taking a
picture but they're really taking are
you in so fool me I know exactly what
you're doing while you're doing it as
long as it doesn't really hold up the
line I don't look care that much it's
just cuz I'm under contract I have to be
out of there in two hours and I don't
want it to only get through half the
people and my time is up and they'll
have people like didn't even get a
picture or they just like very are super
Russian people in the front got more
time it's unfair I'm all about fairness
so I don't remember what the question
was but I just went on a rant about
fairness and parents not not knowing how
to use phones so that's like limp
I need a cough drop mmm
are you gonna come to Europe I have no
idea so that's all you guys miss fake
drawings of the cover killing me
I'll Barnes now love it
that's cool
alright guys I think I'm gonna head out
I have to do some laundry and packing
and cuddle this guy Lola Morris my last
day - Cullen and then I get to cut all
you guys but I love you all thanks for
hanging out thanks for getting my book
if you didn't get my book thanks for
joining a live stream you know just
being part of the fan bam you don't have
to actually have to get the book you can
support the book without actually
getting the book it's ok I know people
don't have money I didn't have money I
would have been able to buy a book if I
was your age but I love you guys thanks
for giving me so much love and support
today remember to keep using the hashtag
Rachel's 101 things book whenever you
post anything about it that's why I'm
finding a lot of stuff but you're all
beautiful I can't wait to hug you guys
then if we're out hugging this time
around we'll hug next time around but
you're all beautiful I love you ok bye
