all right it is Monday morning this is
my last full day before book tour my
first book signing is in LA tomorrow but
I have to leave my place at like 3:00 to
go to the signing and then I'm signing
all day I'm doing that like all night so
this is my last day to get things done
basically so I am going to my knee
doctor right now
and then I have one more video to film
and like four videos at it I also have a
couple things in new to do around the
house to make math life easier while I'm
gone it filled up the dog the whole time
I'm gone they feel right they feeling
with it's not a negative thing to deal
with the dog but he's been having fun
stuff I really dealing with is a
negative term but not negative we love
our donkey I love my god I've called him
all morning long a little bit of my
voice back today which is great probably
won't have it by the end of the day I
had coffee tack this morning which was
fantastic I forgot to take my medicine
so hopefully taking it a few up your
slates not going to mess up my whole
routine I put my camera down can I
merging onto the freeway which looks
very crowded right now I was getting my
knees done I got a call from Matt saying
the dog knocked over the last jar of
peanut butter and then started eating
the glass so he's I got the name of
emergency vet from my vet and she's
taking the dog over there right now and
my knee doctor just stabbed me a bunch
with the needle I was like get out so
I'm currently on my way to an emergency
vet the thing Matt's going to be me
there by five minutes I will get there
in 12 minutes now I'm stressing out he's
going to be fine he'll be fine but he
did eat some glass matt said his mouth
is bleeding
he's not crying but his mouth is
bleeding so
I'm stressing but that's not happy there
is unnecessary traffic people you're
going 55 there's no one in front of you
move your asses my dog needs me what is
muffin what should do muffin what did
you do what did you kill you super
little puppy I love you alright let's go
home come on we gotta go home now no oh
oh oh no oh I imagine you eat glass numb
not nice
let's go mommy's gonna get in the car
alright so apparently we had a sharp you
around side him a little penis bertrand
elements it was glass and he was on a
table that he can't get to like he can
see can't get anything on the table
he can't jump it hits the table so he
finally jumped up Matt had walked into
the kitchen and he only does bad things
when we're not there because he knows
you're not supposed to do denotes then
one went on around so when that walks
into the kitchen
clearly blaze jumped onto the table and
knocked the Driftless glass jar of
peanut butter off the table
Matt hurt it ran outside he says that no
more than 10 seconds was he along with
the broken glass but blaze was trying to
link to all the peanut butter off the
floor and the jar and stop and Matt
pulled two massive chunks of glass out
from his mouth like that word wedged in
between his teeth so he pulled out two
interestings of glass he's pleading this
blood all over my pants and then so did
the vet said he seems fine those wounds
will heal
I think dog's mouth heal fast but just
in case he ingested any I gave me some
medicine that'll tow his stomach and
then when I thought we were done with
medicine I thought yesterday was our
last day of medicine for the student but
I went to do five more days of this
madness because I'm going on flip tour
starting tomorrow
so he gets has to happen three times a
day in between meals and now coda and if
he starts having diarrhea bloody stool
or throwing up or doesn't want to eat
which would be a huge deal because this
dude let's eat anything to take it back
in because that means he's ingested
some shards or there's an infection
amount that makes him know what to eat
evening so I keep my eye on him other
than that they said he should be fine to
show other wounds that they can tell he
seems happy because he's a happy dog so
it's okay and respects an eye on him but
Matt it's like shook he is chicken and I
don't like he's like oh my god I broke
the dog didn't break it
anyone explained damn dogs will get into
anything and everything and they will
happen like this it'll probably not be
our last trip to the emergency room dogs
like I had a Rottweiler ones that just
jumped through a glass window because
she wanted inside and so she jumped
through a glass window and had to get
stitches on her paws like dogs do things
especially puppies because they haven't
learned boundaries yet so this little
guy he's going to be an issue
he's an issue but nothing we can't my
buddy right buddy
we can handle anything he is such a good
card on me literally just goes to sleep
what in the world he is me all right
it's way later in the day I went and saw
like five houses as my realtor really
liked one I can quite like the location
is pretty far out from anything I like
being like within half a mile from a
grocery store since I was growing up I
know some of you probably like I'm on
half on my own world I live 10 miles
across a storm since I grew up that's
what I'm used to so it's a nice house I
didn't like all of myself five Mike's
too didn't like three one was okay
because I was a weird thing I'm showing
a mat later but now I have to someone
more video and I'm done filming I leave
my book store starts tomorrow it's a lie
and I leave it like 5:00 a.m. Wednesday
morning basically is my last day I do
discuss so I'm filming now it's 9:00
p.m. my dog just went down for the night
he's doing better by the way he seemed
totally fine yeah I'm just going to
filming some stuff and then adding a
bunch a me say good morning walk long
morning I didn't talk a lot yesterday
but that was it for this vlog I am
walking every day and looked or
I'm going by myself I will do my myself
the entire time
except I'm in New York I've got some
friends in there to New York okay and I
have no time being how was anyone but
like I don't have anyone traveling with
me
so basically talking to you guys the
entire time I'll be on social media a
lot so you'll be getting a lot of a lot
of tweets on Instagram snapchat my
interest or ease a lot of Facebook post
a lot of everything for me so watch out
world I'm going on tour book tour anyway
that's it for today I love you guys so
much my dog seems to be doing great I'm
liking my little coating not coming like
that like you have some coating like
it's Dakota stomach medicine he seems to
be doing great and I'll think he
ingested any glass other than maybe tiny
tiny tiny bits that aren't hurting in
dog stomachs are stronger than humans
but yeah I'm gonna sign off I love you
guys so much man I'll see you later I'll
see some of you today at La from mental
tour and then Atlanta and then in New
York and in Boston Cincinnati and
Chicago and San Francisco adzick on
Muslim and anti show I'm all over the
place this month sorry bub not be able
to hang out with you that much oh I'll
take you to Vic :
I can't
