okay I still don't have a voice though
my dad and I are going to a Dodger game
today I'm going to be in town for
Father's Day I'll be in Cincinnati for
book tour and so I've always loved raid
a week early and my dad doesn't do
presents very well it wasn't like things
he likes experiences and moments and
adventures so that's why we go to so
many sporting games together and trips
together because that's everything so
for Father's Day I'm taking a blue
Dodger game
like always alright my dad came he
dropped up blaze with Matt and now we're
headed to the Dodger game Roger Dodger
let's see how am i tearing fortune thank
you no damage to voice I have at the end
of this day sorry your Father's Day
presents a week early dad's awesome
alright when your post is father's days
in like six days you're wondering what
to get you dad
get him an experience Dondre games are
an experience you don't like Macario
gifts do you know I like that yeah he's
like that he just wants the quality time
that's how he does we made it again oh
we're going to duck out this time we're
a seat behind the dugout dang it so we
have a lot of fun I'm not going to have
a voice the end of this so needs a voice
for pucks or not me right the beginning
of the second inning we're getting knock
knock me a sweatshirt cuz it's all today
I gave in shorts and a t-shirt I don't
know where we go to get it but we're
going go get it right now I'm an
official doctor here on roar let's get
some duck dog fat - I am NOT gonna have
any voice I love it all right we got our
dodge dog we are set
look at all the condiments I put on it
it's a good day everybody it's a good
day
ah
come on which the ball
oh come on bro coach like you mean it
this is that I feel it I feel it I feel
it I feel it yeah
oh yeah might you come back come back
today my dad got a seen us Oh always so
proud of his men every time and on you
have you gotten any three three years
yet no I have some time to get three
peanuts in one shelf
it's like Christmas and a birthday all
wrapped into one
so it's happening the way it's coming at
us my section doesn't like to stand they
just raise their arms like this hey
elbows would you look the homeless get
away
got a great shot
Oh
we think there's something wrong with
the seekers not there's no sound
happening and we know there they are
there was no sound we had speakers were
good like 20 minutes it was really
awkward
know what I'm saying any noise so it all
came down god boy we just go boys we
joke up boy he's a good boy
all right come on please old man was in
my way
mom please that was kind of strike we
just going to keep that what are you
doing please please do it please all
come on Queenie yeah you getting his
head
you're making it bad oh I'm a bitch
was that good that swords even three go
Oh mommy
so that baseball stance look at it hit
it where to go where to tall he's going
to get it means nothing good happen
hotness of the faces
all right it's the top of the seventh
and before I completely lose my voice I
wanted to thank Sookie for sending me my
dad here they always give us such a
great experience my dad again his
favorite things are experiences and so
instead of like buying an presents I
always take them do things if you take
really all about that as well so they're
giving you guys
$20 off use promo code Rachel I'll put
the link below if you guys want to do
something fun for Father's Day we're
done now we're talking about it
buying like just cheap seats at a Dodger
game or a baseball game is so much
cheaper they're like going to a movie if
you don't have a lot of money it's
cheaper than like buying a present
especially if you don't use my promo
code if you want there's concerts this
games tickets basically everything the
link below download the a promo code
Rachel $20 off do something fun this
Father's Day it's in a week guys well
it's in six days
it's Sunday so if you just didn't know
it's on Sunday have fun dad are you
having fun yeah the best part damper
that's not even Father's Day yet a week
early yeah I'm sorry I have to go book
door I'm sorry dad I'm a working gal or
cacao alright I am almost out of my
voice I got to save it for the Friends
of the song take me out to the ball game
but I just wanted to thank see geek for
sending us out here and just they always
give us a good time notice give us like
the best I'm ever so seriously thank you
guys so much
you lost boys
so give you silent film right 7o down by
three bases loaded
we got a hitter on pump all run out do
it
we could bring it back
mom
I
ah
what heart strike on this do and we win
like everywhere five-o on don't get them
the ball come on come on come on all
right
literally he gets one more strike out he
win the game one strike oh no no no no
no get that get that get that get that
we're literally down the whole game
where life is not a game
we've been driving home that's Christmas
so good every time love it yeah I'm back
my dad cut me off
he left this one Logan has been cuddling
like crazy he's sitting on my lap clouds
anything trying to get a bunch of
editing done before I go and book to her
I insisted on sitting on my lap am I
supposed to say no about to leave him
for we can ask
I need my puppy love but music recant
insisting I'm setting my lap she's
whining scratching at me in a cute way
not knowing so I was like okay you're
not being too aggressive about it so
I'll let you this boy will not stop
farting so bad Matt was cuddling him
earlier and he put him in his crib which
was crazy cuz he smells really bad
like I just gave him a bat should not be
snowing and I didn't do what the dog
doesn't smell he's a good dog smell
Christmas and also feed on doesn't smell
and then when he sat on my lap I realize
is because he was farting up a storm and
tired I think it's because Matt gave him
some peanut butter butter in part right
that Holly tells for the Matthew smell
just messing stuff I had had a vlog
opposed to it
I'm currently adding this vlog I have a
be able to stay in Wednesday and
Thursday that I already filmed a jet hit
those and I have to film another Tuesday
video because I get packages but I don't
have to film that day I don't have to
film on the road Sophie on the road
sucks I have stuff to film which is just
I don't know voice something I might put
off until tomorrow hopefully have a
voice tomorrow I feel better if I drove
her as much um I just I don't have the
voice that's the Dodger game help but I
don't care cuz it was so much fun
I'm buggin like a beard my dad on
Father's Day I'm glad I got to celebrate
today and I got really cool new merch
but I'm gonna close this out cuz imma
forget - if I don't work now blaze
everything saying no sleepin he's
learning on how to behave next to me
when I'm editing he's doing a pretty
good job in the morning and night date
I'm a little hyper morning like you
could love you goodbye
