hey guys it's a new day today and the
summer is here and we're starting out
the day with a bit of an issue then the
issue began today when I was gonna be on
my way to the gym and the bike that I
wanted to take didn't start every day
that I go to the gym I take the Gras I
love my brother probably my baby today I
wanted to take a different one I wanted
to take my big one I wanted to take that
one back there so I went to start it
check this out good that sounds terrible
it's because if you looked at what the
Instagram where I have the picture on
here we left the headlights on while we
were doing the whole shoot kill the
battery away though I can potentially
start it but this is gonna be harder
because this is a heavy bike how much is
it I think it's 550 pounds
you got the head I don't know if I could
do it here
I might need to take it outside if I can
push this up the driveway this driveway
this seems like a really terrible idea
oh shit
I'm gonna be a hundred percent honest I
really didn't think you were gonna be
able to do that Cali way is pretty
uneven I want to slip the gravel ah
maybe I should take it to the street can
you just take me over there I sit on it
so graceful for those of you that don't
own a motorcycle those who used to do
and maybe don't know how to do this
you can put your bike in here
the clutch while you're running it's
gonna be it's easier I like a sport bike
but
jump on this lease the clutch and if
you're going fast enough it'll start
motor then you grab the clutch really
quick you'll be able to go I don't know
if I could do this first try also don't
do it in first gear do it in second
because first gear as soon as you
release this it's either going to take
off or you'll throw up in a wheelie got
this have use help but still second gear
Oh
nailed it actually I do take up more
time I don't want to shut the mic off
because it needs to charge up the
battery little so it's currently running
I'm gonna go ahead I grabbed my helmet
I'm gonna go for a little like five
minute ride charge of the battery and
then we'll continue on our day how was
your ride
good yeah I know what you Darrin you
told me I had to find my teeth which it
was probably in the vlog if you guys by
side let me just go play God it was just
dance shake that ass pepper let me see
what you got let me see what you got
you want to shake that ass oh I bet
you're gonna go up against the wall
sometimes when we just want like weird
stuff or to find interesting stuff go to
like sporting goods stores weird Big
Five now they do have everything that
pogo sticks
yeah yeah no you got you just got the
bow I got a label maker so I put labels
to make sure she knew which one was her
left and which one was the right it's
helpful right thank you yeah sometimes I
forget we are joined by another man
Andrea again Kyle they had some sales
going on a big fire with like a cheapy
like compound oh it's nothing you know I
wouldn't go hunting with it or anything
it'll be fun for target practice with a
target we're thinking that we could use
bows and arrows
on the beach I kind of feel like this
was meant for like these look like
stalls where you could like shoot stuff
yeah those through your ears yeah oh
nice maybe someone could answer this or
you can just tell me if this isn't crap
Cup it's probably more likely but this
seems to be
so now like it can really only be loaded
on the left side rather than on the
right or else these would be in the way
I don't know
had it all we'll see
oh nice
you know
yeah
they go yeah
damn that was great
I didn't recruit one he just got a full
time I mean that's pretty good
we are done I think we did well some of
the arrows bounced off the target we
realized that some of these arrows like
the bow the bow is probably not very
good it's just like a youth bow the bow
is like on sale for like 20 bucks so
will you get what you pay for but these
arrows are like pretty much rounded it
says Youth arrows on them so I'm sure
they're just like safety arrows clearly
this was like a last minute like
purchase thing but I loved it and now it
actually inspired me I think I want to
get like a legit compound bow that's not
we should come back here with a legit
compound bow try to actually like maybe
watch some youtube videos learn how you
guys well grab beer yeah business
channel
we're all doing tasting flights what's
one of your most excited to try chili
pepper their chili pepper beer is made
with habanero and Lemon Drop chilies
first time I tried it out of a tasting
plate I didn't realize it was a chili
pepper one I just thought I was allergic
to the beer cuz it was burning my throat
chili pepper
I love the flavor
yeah Thai food truck
the beard well it was a bit of a cold
ride home we had a fun time that's it
who is cold that's all I got for you I
hope you guys enjoyed watching today I
know that I didn't get to the throwing
knives or any paintball stuff so like
that will be later will do that hey I
have like a big TV that doesn't really
work anymore and we'll try to do
throwing knives through a TV if you want
to see that let me know anyway that's
all I got for you so we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye there saying like okay okay
