hey guys it's a new day today I know
it's been a little while but whatever
we're just gonna deal with what we got
and we're gonna have yourself a fun day
today so let's just go ahead and get our
day started
well good morning gasps oh do you you
came along okay
who's this yeah what I'm nervous for you
why hello perfect today's gonna be super
cool because we get to film with the
guys from too stupid to die whoa Tyler
Vick I'm Cody Saints and we film stunts
for two streets to die yes correct
yes are you too stupid to die okay cuz
we're gonna have some fun I actually I
read an article and variety that you
guys are getting your own show I don't
know how much you could say yeah we're
not gonna say no say yes we'll be airing
in early 2018 and you'll find out
something they can't say we'll be airing
in early 2018 but either way we can do
something if you can't do any stunts or
talk about stunts you did for a show
that may or may not exist we can still
do stuff today I have like a funhouse of
weird things that you guys can fuck
around with
yeah let's get some stuff going I told
them I'd have a 30 foot beer bong which
I've used in a vlog a long time ago but
I have it I'm putting it back together
for the holidays right yeah holiday
break we're all celebrating the holidays
right now so we got to have some fun man
and so what do we what are we doing for
the holidays instead of beer so I'm
gonna down some some good old 8 9 yeah
yeah yeah just have these just flying
around you know this is normal at least
you have a ballot though yeah we can
fill it and then you just let it shoot
you down deep throughout the holiday dog
- there's a both try it and see whoever
can get the most and keep it down and
then the loser will see what how see if
you can hold it down you know so is that
that's the game
all right we're both gonna do a 30-foot
beer bong or but eggnog and whoever gets
the least amount or can't keep it all in
has to get taste in the balls yeah so
anyway we get tazed in the bulbs we're
gonna be bear ball the air balls I don't
know dude Oh bear apologies
we've options let's all make milk no no
we got to get regular it's a real egg
fucker now we can get buckets yeah
wait are these puke buckets yeah oh we
put an extension on it so that we can
try to actually go even higher okay a
nice view yeah shit it rat rats don't
poo this big you know what's worse it's
gonna happen a little stomachache would
this kill me just put it in my mouth
Troy should I eat it yeah chew it up I
swallow it anyway it's like a nut oh I
can't maybe it's not poop you just crack
your tooth felt like you
it's close dude if I'm right oh yeah
whose porn are you few buckets you guys
stick down oh okay and then we got the
eggnog for up here not 1/2 gallon per
man yeah let's go okay good luck that
made me so nervous watching Curtis is
just Bob watch out here comes the funnel
this is a four-story eggnog beer bong
egg bomb eggnog bum bum
there goes
there's no way
yeah
and that's about as once she puked dude
I feel so sick right now I tried so hard
to get it all the way down dude there's
like coming out my nose there's no way I
could get that all the way down without
throwing up okay run to the next one
well
that was yet so high loss oh my god I
feel hot and sick hi YouTube it's still
like do no more I do me too and I'm like
I really don't want to the loser has to
get tased in the balls bare balls it's
not healthy for you like is that gonna
that's how you like to eat permanent
damage would unfortunately I could not
hold it down anymore and I ended up
losing excited I'm throwing more into
the pocket
so now Tyler wins and gonna t-bag his
taser
oh dude I'm like shaky I'm still saying
are my balls feel the pain
my penis
does it still hurt its stings it does
like I it's not like I kicked in the
balls and like I felt it like in my
stomach in my taint I'm glad it's over
but I'm like sweating like you just did
not feel great bring my arm I'm burning
my skin with the laser the laser oh my
god good thing think I missed you we
don't say I like that in the office my
hands start dissolution I don't I don't
know yeah hi welcome to the fun
