hey guys it's a new day today and I'm so
excited yeah if you guys saw yesterday's
vlog you know exactly we're excited for
it and we realized we can't take those
mini bikes in my jeans yeah they're too
big they're very they're gonna rot they
were going to be so we're gonna have to
figure out another method but I think
that we got it covered so let's just
have ourselves a fun day yeah I'm so
excited we got a van that we can
transport these we should try to get
them up there without like the super
strength you got it
hope so you know just gonna sit back
here although never mind I'm not helping
you have it
if you look at that impressive
this is I'm a real man now you can do
mine and be like a double man you're
more manly than me we got the two bikes
in there they're leaning up against each
other right now with the kick that's
hopefully if they start to come this way
to kick that will stop them hopefully I
don't know we don't know we're just
hanging it we'll see at this point I'm
just genuinely starting to wonder if we
can do anything right
we should a bungee some downs of the
winter maybe that I've laid them down
with a blanket or something like a
moving that anything but this is the
most stressful drives are rolling around
back there they're hitting each other
all these I hug I can see my magnet -
scratch the fuck up but I'm probably
gonna happen when I fall on it anyways
so I'm not really tripping that much oh
my god
and now that we're really close they're
both down they went down we're almost
there
things are okay maybe they're okay I
don't know we'll find out we're probably
gonna have two beauties
they can rub on all of the priorities
and all you ever think about one yeah
yeah that's right
looking good guys looking good today
dong yes true strike one
oh my god there's just it's just smells
so much like that mine is secure in my
blunderstone real you know they could be
in worse shape considering what they
just went through yeah there's
definitely there's a couple scratches on
both of ours but you know what give them
some character you ready forget it
I'm ready I happen to have some
motorcycle helmets that Andrey and I
actually had for go-kart racing I want
to do it for go-kart so you can put
mountain belt road yeah you guys we
haven't done that yet but we had these
so we might as well just use these
helmets
one thing I miss about living here at my
parents house is this view isn't look at
it oh this is in their front yard let's
just mountains of nothing there's no
city there it's a national park
mountains all around Boston hi it's my
first time ever being on any like Maura
okay
you can tell me that
I painted race know I didn't know was
the first time on a motorized to wield a
anyway we had a good time but we worked
up an appetite gladly we're going to get
Sun heat we are nowhere near Korean
barbecue which we love so we're going to
go and go to a Japanese barbecue place
we are at you Kaku um dr. King at that
oh yeah bacon-wrapped asparagus spicy
cucumber got to wait on the meat and we
cook ah here I think um yeah dig dig but
now that means it's cookin
you okay lady I hear my be like right
where I'm in it on my partner's we'll
set our password oh there's an edge
right here oh this is like literally
like right here I like my like this
my leg
I don't know what to do you want me to
you want me to sing to it yeah what do
you want me to stir my wheels on the bus
okay
because they're making my knee feel
better all but I feel really good right
now anyway I know what we met what about
me we're going to give you a ginger
Beckerman what
oh you pump it again Oh God D'Andrea I
am anyway these are gingerbread flavored
marshmallows you are fancy oh my god you
like you space use Andrea ever whatsit
Andrea but yeah it's cute of fancies
Andre ever saw me Andre now like a
second I know how one time I called her
artery and it kind of hit me duck isn't
like every time the cameras off I don't
call her Andrea ever I was gone hey
Andre we leave it to a Andre can you
grab me this that's like just become the
norm so it's weird for me when I'm on
the blog of like hands yeah how's this
what do we do is out because I hit the
color on there and now I feel like a lot
of you guys are too by the way for
spelling you can say and cr-z Roger
most time they try any hi-yah when we
turned the camera off while we were on
the mini bike with because okay shit
fucking hurt myself oh yeah she turned a
corner and hit a rock that she didn't
see and there are some huge boulders on
those trails and they're not really
meant for like dealing with that yeah so
I went down on top of the bike hit so
hard that the paint actually transferred
on my pants I grabbed a note of it off
yeah but you can still see pink there
you can see it this one's growing it's
going to be bad tomorrow really very
tough
can you see it I mean your knee looks
pretty bruised up yeah not not terrible
just just a little black of blue it's a
little better than this one right here -
they're not like fully bruised yet but
they're gonna be bad tomorrow yeah
fucking hurt we're just gonna take it
easy tonight relax you're gonna probably
ice everything yeah she's got ice at all
so we're just gonna hang by watch some
TV kick back relax but it was fun it was
super fun and I'm happy that now you
tried your first motorbike little mini
bike but we're going to move up to big
motorcycles and stuff yeah yeah yeah
anyway that's all I got for you so on
that note we will see you guys again
soon
goodbye
you
yeah we're done
done
