hey guys is the new day today a new day
did you know boys and wait something's
getting delivered today
we have something very special game
deliver and we're gonna show you yeah
well not a couple times we haven't even
seen it yet we just got the notification
that it was delivered so I'm hoping it's
actually there forget this means yeah my
way
doechigi says oh it's the worst oh it's
going satisfying this is what was just
delivered I'm not going to show you the
fine because it shows what it is like
what what's the hell's laughing food Hey
I hope it's okay
Harambee back from the dead like this is
not the cook then oh my God look at this
location and even that Wow okay well
hopefully everything inside is all
things intact I always have to do this
what I tried and I just like can't no
it's so shitty okay now we understand
why the box was open up where's the box
always hold it sector brings it out how
are you Paula did you go oh you know I
know
I don't think evolution wise like we
really need our pinky toe so I think
here okay nice
nut
we opened it we got them down and it was
it was a feat and we want United to go
through this with us we're just not
going to keep this be great because what
we underestimated
we have many but we got many bikes and
they are not as many as we thought they
would be so there they are massive and
we have no idea what we're doing and
we're going to try to put this together
we ended up getting the video because
that's going to be way easier than the
instruction pamphlet which was basically
using yes your tickets were terrible at
everything so we just got this on with
those quiet feet
you
yeah we're done
done after watching the video and not
trying to follow the little booklet that
came with it it was it's so easy to put
it together it was like take some muscle
take a little muscle but it's the two
people you easily get it done in like 15
15 20 minutes I know this is going to
sound super weird right now but if you
guys go to a gas station especially like
out here they have this one company that
makes carrot cake if you like carrot
cake this is for you look show them the
companies handling it there's this
amazing gas station here I don't sit
there yeah so if you think this company
it's in like every gas station here and
everyone's like gas station karacake
growth but one time I tried it and now
I've been making people trying ever
since and I'm like just take a bite and
then you could tell me I get to do a
graduation carrot cake experience yeah
it looks like it's going to be good I'm
gonna be on it till you buy that corner
ok yeah that's really funny done right
it's actually amazing if you guys get a
chance to try it just just go and taste
it we came to the gas station now and
we're going to fill up the little thing
so that we can
that's not these pipes before we take
them how does if they don't work though
you can
get a load the oil in fill her up and
hopefully things will actually run I
have clean up
this one's all oiled up she's going to
oil up that one bit as I said it started
that bird
yes
go ahead and set yours up all right yep
Oh drug-drug there you go
you got it it's trying give it a little
throttle just a tiny bit we got just
drilled oh not too much just like yeah
okay go ahead and turn off the clutch I
mean the choke
there you got a normal
i dint helmet yeah we are now wrapping
the bike so that we can take them and
cut size and make them our own and and
be nice and dope and everything we did
not realize that so hard this is going
to be and how long it's going to take
just such a painstaking process we have
one bike done we supposed to do the
other one but you know what we don't
have one like that okay well we have we
appoint like mostly done yet we don't
even have one bike done we're like how
long it take an hour and ask you out and
I guess maybe then what we're going to
do it we are where we're dedicated we're
going to do it we got our energy and our
take five I snacks and we have some
music goin we're good I have faith in it
I have faith in you are we done yet we
were not done yet but we did finish
wrapping it is four and a half hours
later yes I was hoping for that no
success in the rain Alex Merrick
cinnamon emotionally exhausted but we
got a rack oh my god
and now the wheels and everything now a
lot of you guys are going to say why
didn't you just take it apart and spray
all the parts individually that actually
would take it longer and a lot of these
are welded and not meant to be taken
apart the only thing that came
disassembled was the front where was the
forks and everything so that's what
we're what we're doing the two colors we
picked are like a burgundy right bourbon
you know it's not a look that they
forget you guys need at least in common
it's not prime this is the burgundy and
a flat gray of matte gray
that total behind because I would find a
match already
yeah so she can do that but we did it so
here is her it is it looks different you
don't worry nice bright red so there we
go there's burgundy and then we got the
flat gray here now it probably doesn't
look so great to you guys because it's
all wrapped up and drying at the moment
but it will and these racks and the seat
and everything are black online so
that's why I wanted to do a black and
gray scheme occurs is a burgundy of
black scheme so they look really thick
it's the next morning and now we're all
done they're all dry and finished we
finished it like 4:00 a.m. oh yeah but
they look good
that is all we are finally doing though
we're done another long day this is one
last thing we got to do we got to ride
them meet us tonight but guess what that
a happen in this vlog we're hoping to be
able to take them to some trails today
you got to see they are bigger than we
thought they would be so they don't fit
in my cheap trunk you might have to
figure out some kind of regular u-haul
or something probably efficient where we
need to go but we will try to no
promises don't be upset if they don't
get it right we'll see what happens the
next vlog whether we figure it out or we
don't but for this one that is long
enough for you
so hope you guys enjoyed watching and we
will see you guys again soon
oh wow
