hey guys it's a new day today kind of
almost night kind of it just went darker
not 11 it that's because we were just
like this is something we wanted to do
tonight we had the whole day off she
wasn't feeling too good earlier and I
was really really sad I don't really
know why I'm just hormonal as shit
because I know all you guys are gonna
say that yeah I just want to be a kid
today anyway so I have to be careful
what I do around her because I don't
want I don't want to be attacked I'm
just kidding no he's she's just
emotional she doesn't that mean anyway I
said just like take it easy go lay down
everything well we'll do something fun
tonight so we came somewhere fun yeah
yeah look at what look at where we are
Universal Studio
I know you ready my Harry Potter on ya
none of these ticket lines are open
where we supposed to get tickets
yeah okay let's see you get stinkin fun
round will constant work today the punch
at six oh yeah might have OSE 610 online
but yeah we just had another group of
the line
if you guys went on
we fail at everything don't joke I don't
I don't know why here's what it is like
I just told her because she was upset I
was like I think it's over fun oh my god
I've been failing so hard lately
what you trying on yeah
the do wait wait for it
comfortable get your my smaller also
yeah there we go
that your size perfect
you guys know you all wanted these as a
child and now you get to have the bed an
adult yes can you put like different
modes on does it like change around
there we go now it's a party here we go
what JD and Jackie
we gotta get stuff for excellent happy
yeah well we are no longer at Universal
because we failed on that so we decided
to go to the Grove yeah they have a
farmers market here so we could get like
good dinner okay a great dinner and then
we're gonna get some others up to which
oh yeah we can film in there apparently
but you guys well I hope it's open cuz
with our luck I don't know you know
that's very true
I'm not gonna say anything just what
should not say we're gonna do certain
things because I don't know if they're
gonna be open but regardless we're gonna
go and we're gonna get dinner Oh candy
bar whoo
welcome to farmers markets oh yeah BBQ
they have like all these different like
every kind of food yeah it's like a
permanent like yeah it's not like a
weekly farmers market yeah like it goes
all the way down oh good yeah that's a
Brazilian place right there that's
amazing
oh my god the smell here is sushi so
good this store here the whole store in
there is everything hot sauce
they have like almost every kind of hot
sauce the reason why I say almost every
guy that's the one that we want because
if you guys see if they have like the
old challenge on YouTube used to be the
source which is 7 point 1 million
Scoville units we want to do the
plutonium challenge which is 9 million
there might even be something spice you
know I don't know I think there always
know there's always a good reason your
shape either way we weren't gonna just
settle for something less if we're gonna
do it we're gonna go home do it we'll go
do it I'll do it
so we didn't end up buying we were gonna
buy their because they don't have
plutonium that's we're looking for but
they were open so you know what we got a
win there oh we did get it with it dig
into it that's what what that's what we
were saying why not be open are you
ready top 5 yeah it looks image to it we
decided to create a safe place and even
though it's like later now there's this
place always I had like a line it always
has a line we're still Melvin now please
yeah look this Brazilian all that meat
goodness
yeah excited ready to do this that one
I'm so torn I don't know these are all
waffle shots so their waffle cone yeah
coffee you can get coffee and ice cream
yeah you get an affogato oh oh yeah
nobody touched it I've snapchat so this
one is her she got herself a gotta since
the ice cream and then what's your cone
uh Walsall chocolate salted caramel
chocolate salted caramel and this line
is a Nutella one with a macchiato to
Chiss yeah yeah you could drink a little
but then you gotta eat ice cream I can
taste a salted caramel that's so good I
don't know
well I have to tell it
situation is it cool hey they match your
hair
I know exactly and I can I can change
the color yeah make the different colors
that I wanted to you know I wanted the
whole outfit to really go together yeah
it does yeah yeah look Universal Studios
Harry Potter world where we were gonna
go
oh oh you just got to be assertive this
thing show it spits it out of me show it
show it you the man we'll try another
one that's a little easier we're going
back to the car now but some lady just
start following us the walls following
you following me and it was like I am I
don't know why I'm following you I just
I saw your shoes and I just I just
started going she's mine she's I back
her she was like it's almost like the
airplane you know and they're like the
middle aisle lights up and you like
waffles she's like I started walking I
checked and I saw her the corner my
shake changed her path
it just started staring and following
and I was like what the hell's play-do
she's like oh my god so sorry I was like
polo shoes this other than I started
following I have no idea why and then
she turned back around and walk the
other way SiC chicks
you guys haven't sending Andrea the most
ridiculous message she's been showing me
I was we weren't gonna talk about this
on the blog but I thought it's something
it's just so funny okay so I posted this
picture on snapchat right you know deep
cut obviously my boobs look big and it's
no secret that I have small boobs it's
not it's just my life but everyone's oh
he got you a boob job didn't he Alex
Foley my boy sending a messages saying
that I they're like oh you boobs look
bigger did Alex get you something no I
did not get a boob job
I just eat you guys don't understand how
bras work I just know how to work with
my tiny boobies you're gonna get a
little demonstration you're gonna get
demonstration on all the different sizes
Andrea's magic boobs can can do they are
pretty magical that move she's got some
magical titties
example a sports bra but I'm
specifically to make your boots smaller
okay they literally like hold them so
they don't mess yeah when I go to the
gym I don't have boobs look jump
absolutely so they're still kind of
moving but you're not like you know it's
better okay which one's a little bit
bigger this one bra let my go to because
it's super comfy and nice this is my
actual boob size this is the closest
you'll ever get to actual movies how
were this one like every day and they
really move it now they do you just
shake a little bit move really hold it
in but it makes the nipple a little less
prominent when I'm not trying to just go
free free the nipple which I do do also
do dude thank you so this one this is a
shirt that I was wearing the other night
and this is what I normally look like
there's really no cleavage their boobies
kind of go out so what do we do this was
the same bra you were just wearing this
is the same rush with a shirt yes with
the shirt so what do we have to do can
you push them together then you use a
broader force and force some cleavage
and my bras for god knows how long and I
still don't know how to see for the
first block size
all right this one slightly pat it but
not a push-up bra just but still still a
little still you just scoop scoop um not
too much round nipple will pop out and
there you go see there already
they went from like a small a cup to
like maybe a small B Cup you can make
them bigger and make them even bigger
what magical they're magic
you got magic boobs this one the biggest
push-up bra because my boobs are small
if I only wear the push-up bra it always
falls down and it just looks like a big
leg pad sitting on top of it so I wear
this on top of its kind of like squish
them together and then you scoop the
nipple though whoa and then put your
arms down
yeah see that yeah see this is big movie
cheap boob job this is what you guys
thought that I bought now you have
cleavage
you got boobs no I have to Mitch yeah
exactly I bought you that no I made this
myself
these are andrea's matching through my
magic you know puberty Miletich false
advertisement am I gonna get you Nicki
there you see how small they are
well you know a big dick is smaller than
you made it out to be - no whoa whoa
whoa
not you no no no I did I have to talk
about me I've just met that was harsh
I was harsh so I think I think that you
do you guys learn anything yeah so I
didn't get a boob job
no you're going to get a boob job he's
not buying me a boob job
nope does not know how to work the
piping cuz I've had done my life yeah I
like to think I know how to work with
boobs too because I've had them my whole
life
anyways guys that's all we got for you
that's all I got for today we did have
fun it was a little we struggled as well
as usual but yeah hey this was supposed
to be this was supposed to be universal
yeah well maybe we'll do universal
tomorrow Oh
maybe we will do it tomorrow you want a
good a Harry Potter world yeah okay yeah
anyways guys that's what we're gonna
wrap it up so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and on that note we will see
you guys again soon goodbye but wait
he's holding his neck oh my god like oh
he's gonna kill him
the to heal no no stop ladies all right
