hey guys it's a new day today and we
have something fun plans we do something
that we won't do for a little bit but we
haven't really got we were waiting on a
specific thing to be able to do it and
we just got drilled Hawaii yeah we were
waiting on the drone now we haven't
because we thought there'd be some cool
aerial shots there and stuff like that
and I just want to play with it they're
super famous
yeah sure you guys not not the drone
that the rock yeah the rock we're going
to a special rock we it's just like it's
about this big anyways guys you guys
will see it it is really cool spot she's
never been I went when I was really
young and I didn't even know about it
yeah I think we're gonna have fun time
but we should set up a picnic should we
set up a picnic we're gonna set up a
little picnic so the drone yeah so we
got to go to the store and get stuff for
our picnic yet okay let's do it
this water challenge is so much harder
than we thought was gonna be not even
really day 2 this is pretty much day one
we like have some water yesterday where
is struggling pretty hard oh my god so
our not just go to like I was like oh
look we're pretty good we're already at
like 12 p.m. when we're supposed to be
she does you know it's a half hour till
to what
oh that was better that was actually
much better than my last one get it
okay like you probably went past it now
so now you're now you're ahead of the
game yes that is the issue is that we're
just not pacing ourselves we keep losing
track of time and then all of a sudden
we have to chug all of it and that does
not feel good doesn't feel good at all
it makes you feel really sick
so we'll we won't get better happy go
for a picnic let's not rating in the
tunnel that's a good sign not reading in
the tunnel you know the rain is going to
make it a little bit difficult for
patron
but but I don't think it's gonna be
raining where we're going I think it's
just gonna be raining here yeah yeah
yeah we saw online that it's at 15%
chance and I was like eh to 15% ever
like gonna rain
come on they like always try to get rain
in California can never get it until we
don't want positive thought yeah not wet
once all right it's clear here but it's
getting a little dark up ahead ahead so
looks okay right now so I mean fingers
crossed
no there's no rain at the moment we'll
see you try to vlog and this happens
yeah every time summer when it never
rains we're like okay let's vlog today
rain rain every time that's the only
reason we have a blog that's it that's
not us slacking or anything we are
arriving here hello family
people out here see look there's someone
at the top of that big one
I want to go up you see that person
standing there wait I mean I can you
can't see it on here but yeah see
there's just a person like all the way
at the top of that
oh no he almost fell oh yes there are
there have been so many movies filmed
here I mean one of those famous being
start a few of the Star Trek's actually
yeah and like multiple older and gay
ones on that big rock over there there's
a bunch of Star Trek movies camera
steady but it's a little rough guys I
got a P because I've been drinking so
much water
this is Vasquez rocks see like this is
in a lot of movies just like this
setting right here and we're gonna try
to go up the rock the cool thing about
these rocks is if I remember correctly
you don't really have to climb them you
could just like they're super grippy you
could just like walk up them there's
people up there climbing all over the
ridges we're starting the trek up and
it's so weird cuz just like I remembered
the rocks are like insanely grippy how
weird is it that you can just like walk
up these like there's a slow it was like
a really steep slope and I was we were
both like hush we walked down it and I
was like wait just like try to walk he
grips so weird yeah
we are up pretty high right now these
are just at the end of these ledges is
literally cliff all the way down so I
think this is where we're gonna have our
picnic here it's just crazy high up
alright we're up here chillin and
there's the little drone
can you see yeah look there's a there's
this see if I wave hi oh no hi mr. Jones
what Oh No he's almost out of battery no
even worse what I'll try to push record
I took the card out in the kitchen
there's no card in there to record too
well how do I suck so bad oh no I should
have reminded I didn't even well it'll
be good to have a really nice picnic
what's up and we'll try to show you guys
damn it you got some hummus and pita
chips and walk I got bags of chicken
breast salad kale soup or food salad as
we walk back up and over the peak you'll
see what we came up look at this that's
we walked up our cars down there yeah
it's a far way down so really funny now
there's people walking uh but it's crazy
right like you could just walk up these
rocks yeah you don't have to worry about
slipping we got to come back here when
when I when I'm responsible and when
it's a little bit warmer yes I can't
feel my hand
there's a lot more to explore like
there's caves and there's a bunch of
stuff that we could do I think I
actually see a cave right there do you
see underneath that rock anyway there's
like there's a bunch of caves here and
stuff we want to come back and explore
yeah so let us know if you guys even
want to see that and see this whole area
I mean it goes on for like it's a huge
national poll it's super cool so let us
know if you guys want to see more we
definitely wanna come back here when
it's not so cold first off and second
when I'm responsible and bringing the
drone stuff yeah we're back and what we
doing now yeah we got a whole bunch of
stuff here she is a special salad that
she wants me to try it's a yes and we're
also making big fetid big salmon baked
salmon and with our own basil basil from
our own garden we wanted to pick one
thing and that's ready to go there's a
lot I'm ready to go
but we need the basil for that so
that'll be perfect the salmon is ready
well it's not ready ready to be put in
the oven it looks good
what's on here um let's see there's
lemon shallots garlic basil olive oil
salt and pepper smells good let's wrap
these up and throw it in the oven there
they are
the salmon is done and then we have
some caprese salad yeah we're gonna
serve it up here is a nice dinner set up
it's like really good I'm excited we
should just dig in yeah take a bite yeah
since you guys can't taste it I'm just
gonna leave you guys here and we're
gonna enjoy dinner ourselves okay guys
whoa Harvey huh okay well I mean one day
I screwed up on the drone part but we're
gonna fix that later and we'll go back
yeah we're gonna go back at some other
point you just don't get to see it but
they get to see that yeah yeah you're
gonna see the drone part yet not yet
which will be cool anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed watching that is all we got
for you for today so we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye I'm a guy who born and raised in
LA this isn't stuff this isn't what I do
I'm gonna fall break this camera right
now
no it's so bumpy
