hey guys it's a new day today a new year
and oh my god it's a new year
yeah and her tie we made a few new
year's resolutions one of them being
that because we slack on vlogs I think
we need to admit that first first step
is admitting you have a problem yeah we
have a problem
we have a problem but that being said we
want to fix that yeah so we want to give
you guys a lot more content I wish you
guys could also see like all the clips
that we have you know but they just like
never turn into like a whole vlog like
we do try and then we delete them and
then we do like literally we're just too
afraid like the vlog would end up being
like what three minutes yeah so we're
like five minutes and that's like not
yeah we're like this is a good like
people are gonna get mad let's just
should we just delete it she's a gal in
such a way like we do that a lot we've
won pretty much almost every day and we
don't like mix alone because they just
don't work together again we're gonna
get questions like oh she's wearing like
different yeah but anyway we're gonna
make it we're gonna do that we have a
few of them we also came back and it
rained and and our garden our garden is
doing so well just doing a little too oh
okay it looks like it's doing great but
this whole thing right here is cilantro
we really need to like however you look
so weird right now stop licking it yeah
it looks really good though right in
peace till rest in peace dill dill die
we have our first plant that died but
that's one that's what we have some buds
coming out from the tomatoes yeah that's
made of doing great but that's the
launch oh come on bro I'm sure I needs
to chill the fuck out so lunch right now
is being the fat guy on the plane calm
down bro just take up your own seat and
no one else's like healthy is usually
like just expanding so one of our other
resolutions that we were that we're
trying to do we're gonna
yeah is it it's really healthy actually
to drink to try to drink a gallon of
water everyday in the past that used to
say eight glasses of water like eight
ounce glasses but now apparently if you
drink a gallon of water every day it's
very healthy you flush out all the
toxins your skin clears up you get a lot
more energy you can potentially lose
weight in a good way not like just like
training out you know like we're the
type to go on the internet and be like
oh that like let's do that because the
internet says it's true yeah but you
know what if people say it works I don't
mind trying it for little while it would
be fun and it's like it's yeah it's good
for you yeah we're trying to set goals
throughout the day rather than just
having this if you just look at this big
beast of water it's kind of discouraging
yeah so right now she's pouring out the
amount that how much are you going up
I'm doing 18 point to roughly ounces
yeah / 2 hours starting from 10:00 to
2:00 10:00 10:00 to 10:00 there they are
Andrea's bottle you got all the notches
and she very nicely did mine as well
thank you very much we are know all the
universe online has a little pep talks
mister what you're looking for I'm not
reading my hair yeah but
the places I usually get my hair stuff
is allowed so I'm just gonna be dying
with this for now
ya need to Neary purple eyes pretty
color it does
hopefully agenda are not terrible
because I have no idea what I'm doing at
all but good thing is even if I do
completely screwed up stuff like thing
is the way that I'm kind of just hoping
for just for the vlog let me get screwed
up that's okay because they didn't have
the stuff that I normally use you know
and it's just exciting to mess around so
we got blue steel which is a really
really pretty like gray bluey green
color really pretty and purple haze and
I'm just gonna do like some of this in
there mix it up mixing it up here buddy
you coming to watch you we're dying your
hair next Harvey then I go paint in
there then he won't get died Harvey so I
get to keep it sunny part 30 minute 30
minutes and then you wash it out I mean
you guys don't have to wait 30 minutes
you guys only have to wake up yeah ready
hit 30 by 30 minutes I go complete it's
done
yeah I think it looks beautiful it's so
bright and baggert it is okay
did you want to be that purple
I mean I want it to be a little more
blue Thanks but it looks really nice
shall we go have some fun let's do it
this guy is more cleavage than I do we
have been seeing this all winter night
since I've lived in Santa Monica this
every year but we haven't done it I've
never done it here she's here so she's
never done either but we think it's
gonna be a lot of fun check out what
we're gonna do is that snow in
California these are freezer pipes so
they can have outdoor ice skating ice
skating grave yeah
except Christmas is over now an outrage
through the archway so blue okay we very
easily made smash the camera right now
there was a lump right here I can't take
look okay I'm a guy who born and raised
in LA this isn't stuff this is what I do
I'm gonna fall break this camera right
now
no it's so bumpy
but I have an Alex somehow they like
this his shoe came untied he almost saw
Iowa's fell to the sides I had to like
push off but like this side of my foot
to me and she was like come on
I know while we were struggling on the
side of the ice-skating rink you know
hold on hold on the side like everyone
does this blue girl comes up she's like
she looks at us though never wanted to
punch a little girl face so much I was
like I'm strutting around like oh my god
my skates are coming off I was like
Angie this is so hard you were on there
for all of like two minutes before they
started doing it they wouldn't let us
film they went let us film you can have
phones or camera we got yelled at like
as soon as we started going around again
they were like no no no
so you know there's other ice skating
places that do allow you to bring a
phone and I think that it is worth it
for you guys to see our attempt so we'll
have to find another place another time
I don't just like stocks we had like you
were like yeah we don't want to be like
amazing the good football game yeah
we're like let's save our bad our
badness yeah for you guys but we decided
to go there's a cool rooftop bar at the
top of the shangri-la Hotel in Santa
Monica so we're gonna go up there
see if they have some like appetizers
and stuff and get a nice view for you
yeah doesn't really if this is a really
old hotel like the elevators hope what
just they hit the sign any guy who just
punched the side it's like so old the
penthouse sure no I love fire
is the pier yeah
hindi enchanted forest let's just like
sit in the booth and get some food yeah
yeah and so attractive okay
yes these are bigger toys and leads to
having so you're gonna go through this
experience with
I don't find it oh yeah my god kinda
like stuck so that kind of turned me off
of the experience a little bit good
flavor good flavor
they're just Pig we typically like
smaller ones what are the ones we like
Kumamoto
yeah Kumamoto yeah well I think that
that concludes there like that we didn't
want it
we did we did it we this is a successful
first to the Year vlog but but we have
to stay with it we have to continue
because if not they're gonna be angry
you guys already mad with us I know they
have to you guys have to you have to
love us we'll try we're gonna do we're
gonna yeah we're gonna do it I think
it's just like we're gonna do is water
thing yeah okay anyway I let know that's
all we got for you and we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye
a video shit
