hey guys it's a new day today and as you
can see I am NOT in the apartment I'm at
my parents house some set in the day
here but if you saw on the last vlog on
the dogs are barking if you saw in the
last fall I got that package and I was
so excited to to open some of you guys
guessed exactly what it was which is
fine because you're about to see it
anyway I could not wait to open it so I
wasn't gonna wait until we did this vlog
I went ahead and did not boxing there so
here is my unboxing hey I'm recording
now I'm good you got me some condoms
just good edge what time's it by Adria
I'm so excited for this I am not even
waiting to vlog on the day I'm going to
I'm going to show this I am pre shooting
this because I want to open it right now
here it is so let me take my handy-dandy
key knife oh there we go
ahh ahh I just hit myself in the face
and pretended that it didn't happen what
we have here oh that's my friends is a
Matic pro what you know about death what
you know about it
I'm so excited for this we have the fly
more combo we also have what is this
just as void if damaged I don't need
box at work you go away well it's
damaged and now it is void open it up
whoo
this is DJ eyes bag that it comes with
if you get to fly more combo looks all
sleek and everything as you can see it
has compartments there it looks like
four pneumatic and controller and
everything and this handy-dandy strap
will set those aside nice okay battery
charging hub a car charger now I don't
necessarily need this because my Jeep
has an AC adapter in it
so unlike an AC plug I don't I don't
need this but it could come in handy if
I'm ever in like if I'm ever traveling
and I need something in like I don't
know it could come in handy and I get
two extra intelligent flight batteries
which is great because now I can switch
out I technically now have three
batteries because I believe this one
here is a battery to power bank adapter
and extra props in case I am stupid
crash 'true my props probably going to
happen it's okay
and now we will move on to the ultimate
prize the Mavic pro oh my god I've been
waiting for this moment for so
wait till you get oh oh I've never owned
a drone before
oh and no one's been stupid enough to
let me try theirs here it is
my friends the Mavic pro this right here
is the controller with the N top this
comes down for your phone yes look at
that so you put your phone in between
there to control it here is what looks
like oh the charger for the battery and
a micro USB to plug into I'm assuming
the controller or something and it comes
with adapters so if you don't have an
iPhone you could use an Android all
stuff like that has these adapters here
is the instructions booklet which I
don't think I'm going to use because I
know everything I'm probably going to
use it actually I'm most likely if I
don't know how to do sign go to watching
youtube video which is what you guys are
doing it and finally the Mavic pro now
this here let me take off this this
rubber cover it's got that little bubble
but you could remove too but it protects
it and then this is so small this is
ridiculously small oh my gosh these fold
out like this
I think they fold yeah Oh downward I'm
going to break everything right off of
that like that now I got to put the
props on these too but these are already
on if you notice they're not open the
centrifugal force will open them once
I'm flying this has the battery on it I
am just so so so excited let's go try
this out we're out Malibu now so I'm
pretty fly the drone out here I think
this would be super
go in here
this is Point Dume there's a ton of
movies that were filmed here so nice to
pull it out yep let's get this set up
here
Andrea's flying it for her first time
here comes keep holding down yep oh you
so cute and it landed thank you that's
fun it's easy it is really easy
I didn't notice till I got home and
edited that footage that it had that
white shaky line in in the in the shot
which ah just made me so angry because
otherwise those shots I thought were
amazing I'm just so excited with the
drum but it's because of this it has
this little glass glow nut glass plastic
glove that you can remove and everything
I saw online now says if you really want
if you do really want nice shots take
this off so I'm at my parents house now
I'm gonna do some flying here I'm no
longer at the beach but I'm gonna do
some flying here and you guys could see
that it doesn't have that white line
anymore or any sort of disturbance with
the picture because it now is
unobstructed
see without that plastic cover it is so
much clearer and I'm so excited that I
found that out now because I am going
somewhere tomorrow that you guys will
find out very soon I got to tell you if
I'm going somewhere tomorrow and I am
really really excited to use this drone
there I am back at the apartment now
back with this one she was with me at my
my parents place k I went I went to hang
out with my family she went to take out
her family I was with my family and now
we're back with our family
yeah anyway we need to pack up for our
surprise for tomorrow where we gonna go
yes are you excited I'm so excited I'm
climbin I'm so excited
anyway I should be excited too he really
should be because we're gonna give you
some really cool content yeah try to
give you a good amount of content there
yeah but that is all we got for you for
here I got a pack up do some laundry do
some laundry first then pack up get
everything ready and then we will we
will be heading to bed you're gonna hit
your bed I'm gonna hit my bed so hard
yeah tired so on that note that is all
we got for you for today
hope you guys enjoyed watching and we
will see you guys again soon
goodbye chip
you know some people say that absence
makes you hallucinate or see the Green
Fairy
