hey guys it's a new day today
and we are currently the three of us are
headed into the office and at the same
time Seth and Kyle are actually not
currently headed into the office because
today we naturally but they avenge me
yes
but we currently have a bit of a bet
going on all right I've got a tracker we
got live updates every 30 seconds what
the bet is
is Kyle got into an argument with us
that he can make it from downtown and
Seth's place to our office in Van Nuys
which is about 25 miles I don't know
exactly setna so I'll be able to give it
to you a little later we'll just say
it's long and he says that he could make
it he could walk it in under seven hours
now Kyle doesn't really work out or
anything like that
I'm not saying badly I'm just saying he
didn't train for this so this is
completely untrained I'm currently
betting against him andrea is currently
betting for dat forehand
I think you did it there's no countdown
it
everyone at the office has kind of gone
in on this waiter and it's now dead
center half and half half believe he
could make it half believe he can't but
he is over in downtown starting his
morning today is the day that I'm walk
slashed jogging from Seth's place in
downtown Los Angeles to the office in
Van Nuys it's a total of 21 miles
I bet everyone that I could do it in
seven hours or less so far I've made it
four miles in less than an hour I'd say
I'm pretty on pace so Kyle's been doing
this for about two and a half hours he's
doing pretty good but you know the
beginning first few hours is gonna be
what's gonna be easy for him so
hopefully he can you know go far and
save some time to slow down as it gets
harder but what he doesn't realize is
we're gonna go spy on him
not because we don't trust him but just
because we want to see if he's exhausted
looking if he's running he's tired we
just want to see how he's doing
Kyle's journey has not been updated for
five minutes because he's it in and out
he's at Internet we're gonna do money
texted me for a band-aid well that's
good for us because we're against though
for my dad's birthday my mom actually is
getting my dad's carved rewrapped to a
color that he wanted you guys gotta see
this the shop is just next door to the
office oh that's cool that looks really
good and I love I don't know if you guys
can see but it looks almost textured
like it's like a brushed aluminum yeah I
think didn't see it this is this is
really cool
oh yeah we're just yeah okay let's go
look in here yeah oh yeah this car would
be hello they did with this and all
these
taking pictures is she just gave him the
the car with the new rap he loved it so
they were just taking pictures with it
okay we'll see you lunch it is hot out
yeah just thinking about poor Kyle it's
hot out it's really hot I'm yeah just so
you guys know how hot it actually is
it's currently 95 degrees little updates
at two o'clock Kyle's got three hours
and in three hours he has to go 6.6
miles but the thing is slowing down
there's a rooster in Hollywood over here
hit by a car we checked the tracker
he is currently three miles away he's
got two hours two miles it's not looking
good for us he's got two hours to go
until he's too late and he only has
three miles left so it's looking like
pulling a loss here this bet is not a
spur-of-the-moment thing either this has
been boiling for a few weeks so there is
money on this ten people have put money
in five or for him five are against him
which makes it perfect there's some good
money on this this is some of the money
or the money that has been put in it is
thirteen hundred and forty dollars looks
like I'm getting a piece of it you're
not oh my legs burn my feet I feel like
they're on fire
hmm but I'm right around the corner it
is currently 350 he had to make it
before five o'clock we were way off and
I lost some money we're gonna go wait
outside he should be coming around the
corner in a couple minutes
this is me turning the corner around
the office oh it's jogging you are an
hour early you lost me money how do you
feel yeah fuck yeah that's exactly what
I was gonna do thank you so American
yeah we got to give you that you proved
this all wrong
what was the hardest part up Cahuenga
there's no sidewalk oh now I appear to
have run out of sidewalk for the next oh
I can't be sure he had a bunch of beers
last night well here a temp digital we
are men and women of our ward so Kyle
yes I'd like to present you 20 40 60 80
100 yes thank you
301 feels good there you go
that is your winnings let me see damn
and you that's it that's 160 that's 160
go 160 at least my dad is thought you
would make it there's that you guys
don't necessarily like and then there
are some that you guys absolutely love
and the one that you guys literally
asked for and is one of my favorite to
work with is hello fresh you know that
means lady yeah it means we get a good
dinner tonight yeah oh you're dangerous
there you go guess what hello fish hello
fish hello fresh hello fresh another
word
most of those aprons are for when I'm
not even blogging and I just get hello
fresh myself because I it's actually a
product that I do use myself because I
love it and it's easy and it's
convenient and I don't ever go shopping
for myself do i what options do we have
today
yeah zesty breaded chicken breast with
roasted potatoes and creamy mixed greens
Madeleine's bomb meatloaf balsamico ooh
green beans so good to be had meat love
from them once it was a different kind
of meatloaf and it was amazing it was
amazing excited for this one fun day
fajita bar I'm not gonna have time and
dying to have that meal of that we had
before you want to make this meatloaf
now okay I'm down the way cavillo
um dad let's wait the meatloaf there's
only one more thing left to do
and now our meal is done and we get to
eat yeah I love it because every meal we
have ever made from hellofresh really
only takes like around 30 minutes
usually less perfect yeah and all the
ingredients come in pre-measured pre
label little packets well that
definitely makes it a lot easier yeah
yeah so it's super easy and I know that
a lot of you guys have asked if they
have vegetarian options and I mean think
that shift 3 they have classic veggie
and family classic is all of this stuff
you see veggie is vegetarian so you can
still enjoy the service and family is
like quick and easy recipes that you can
get done for the whole family you ready
to try it ok
I may have been tasting things as we
were going yeah don't tell anyone
oh that's so good I love all their
meatloaf recipes everyone we've tried
I'm obsessed with it by the way they
never tell us to say whether their food
is good or not we are free to say
whether we like it or I don't really
like this one I'll try another one I'm
telling you we haven't had a bad one yet
oh my god just so you guys can see how
often I actually use it I've kept all of
my favourite recipes from hella fresh I
have a stack in here of tons of recipes
that I keep because it's stuff that I
want to remake you guys should
definitely try it so go ahead and go to
hello fresh comm and make sure you use
my promo code Alex Mandel 30 so that you
get $30 off your first week at
deliveries I'm gonna go ahead and throw
a link in the description as well so go
ahead check it out and I promise you you
won't be disappointed that I think
brings us pretty much to the end of this
vlog ok
yeah I lost some money today gained a
good meal you gained a good meal and
what is the money I came out on top dish
today I took bottom hell on that note we
was the you guys again soon goodbye
