hey guys it's a new day today we got
some fun stuff today and you guys are
gonna like this too because you guys
like this kind of stuff yes oh I know
you guys love this kind of something if
you always tell us and not only that it
is a sponsored blog but I'm actually
excited to tell you who sponsored it and
and and that's just every part of
today's it's gonna be a good day
why because really it always this
today's vlog is sponsored by the Wounded
Warrior Project you guys know that I
will never work with a brand or a
service or organization that I don't
believe in and I am so excited to be
able to work with the Wounded Warrior
Project the mission of the Wounded
Warrior Project is to honor and empower
wounded warriors their vision is to
foster the most successful well-adjusted
generation of wounded service members of
our nation's history they connect
warriors their families and caregivers
to free programs and services that help
address the needs of mental and physical
health and wellness they offer career
and benefits counseling as well as
lifetime support for the most severely
injured they have power warriors to live
life on their own terms and mentor
fellow warriors to embody the Wounded
Warrior Project logo of one Warrior
carrying another I'm gonna go ahead and
put a link down the description below so
you guys can learn more it is a great
organization and one that I am so
excited to work with of course we're
bringing your favorite my favorites the
Kriss vector yeah we're just packing up
these guns now we got a few of them
already in the car and we're gonna go
ahead and pick up my friend that you
guys have seen on the vlog in the past
like I think a while ago but you guys
have seen him his name's Brad we thought
that this was I mean I want to hang out
with him as well but we thought this was
very fitting video because he is
actually a Navy veteran was in the Navy
for six years and has just recently
finished his service so we thought it'd
be just great - I asked him he wanted to
do this with us and he was like I would
be honored to do that
yeah so let's go shooting with a veteran
we got some other targets to shoot we
picked some diet soda so that it won't
be sticky out here and we got these Eric
air fresheners make it smell very nice
out here and then just because everyone
wants to shoot a douche
we thought these would you know pop a
little more but they're just kind of
going through and through and dumping it
there's no real pressure in these
unfortunately we have one of these left
since these won't go boom maybe we need
to make them go boom with this Gigantor
right here so let's see how they handle
this
it didn't explode but it did do it had a
lot more devastation here it's still
like ah it doesn't it doesn't expand or
do anything come on Eric get it together
make us better shooting targets Eric
pretty to do shit up
we're gonna blast away this douche with
it being 4570 government
Dushi you my most powerful gun but big
ass 380 and for this one you can't shoot
this unless you shoot it like a badass
I'll show you how to shoot like a badass
take two take three
if you saw before we're selling the
signed mouthguard challenges on our 8q
store that's now up which is just a team
shop and so we actually sold a lot of
malcar challenges we are almost out of
our inventory so I think they're
probably going to go pretty soon but
right now we are just sitting signing
and sending so you guys will get yours
very very soon we've been going through
some and now I take one right under my
name here pass it on to her she says
that that was ready to go on to the next
all of these are ready to go out and now
we just got a ship now we gotta pack
I've been waiting for something super
amazing and awesome and I know that you
guys are gonna love it uh to be shipped
it was finally shipped except
FedEx here I don't think it's gonna
focus but anyway I'm at FedEx and they
came to my place and instead of ringing
a doorbell or anything I was home or
buzzing me they just left a slip so now
I gotta drive all the way out took us
about 35 minutes to get here and now we
gotta wait in line to finally get this
package we are now back to the apartment
and we got the package here I am NOT
gonna open this package on the vlog here
this will be a surprise in the next vlog
yeah but I how I've been waiting for
this I'm so excited that it's here
because he has been so excited for it
for like what like two months now yeah
like two months and then they thought I
wasn't gonna make it before something
else that we have to do and it's here
and I think you guys will be happy too
when you finally figure out what we
finished putting a bunch of shipping
labels on all of these boxes down here
so we want to get them out ASAP so that
you guys can get them hopefully before
Christmas I'm sure they'll come within
the next couple days yeah we wanted to
get the first round out as soon as
possible
so it's like 2:00 in the morning now and
we just dropped off the packages I'm not
super tired either even though we are
just like laying on the couch that's
because we don't even do what you do I
feel like I feel like at this time this
is like when people go out and they
drink like absinthe we maybe we should
drink absinthe yes should we drink
absinthe others kiss I've actually never
had as in Oh wish we actually just drink
absinthe is that what's about to happen
I mean to be totally honest you did
promise me that that I would get absent
at some point from your like weird
little drippy absent thing for my
fountain no your weird little drippy
Iceland thing
the proper term I guess that was totally
just like I was doing
the care of a joke idea but okay I guess
we were we will have some napkins I have
a few different types of absinthe this
one's good why are you pushing me just
pushing me but I think lucid lucid is a
very good first one to try and that's
what I'm going to give Andrea and I I'm
gonna show you the proper way to prepare
absinthe now you guys don't typically
have to have these these are pretty
expensive it's an absinthe fountain it
doesn't actually have absinthe in it
this you put ice water and I'll show you
why
these are absinthe glasses so what you
do is you pour the absinthe to see how
it has this little like bulb at the
bottom that's the perfect amount of
absence go ahead pour the top of it
we're doing yeah go to the top of it for
us yep see I bought a ball a little
higher Justin she gets like the fat of
the glass there yeah perfect it's okay
now you place the apse and spooned on
top of the glass go ahead place yours a
slotted spoon you take a sugar cube you
place it right in the middle of your
spoon you put this right underneath the
nozzle where the it will get onto the
shirt you you turn this slightly until
you get until you get like a solid drip
so the slow drip if you were to pour ice
water over absinthe it wouldn't let the
sugar melt that fast so the drips
actually help the sugar dissolve right
into the absinthe and what you're
looking for is a really cool effect
called the loose loose the loose and a
loose is actually during the
distillation process there's a essential
oils that are dissolved into absinthe
and they emulsify with the cold water
and the loose effect is when there's
enough water in the absinthe where it's
gonna turn to a white cloudy look rather
than a clearish green
you'll see oh my good that looks so cool
so hers is changing mine hasn't changed
yet so you can see it's like clear yeah
that's that's a loose right there so
it's changing right now so now it's
becoming white almost where you can't
see through it it's really cool it looks
like what is that weird trick opal
because it over here and then it goes
down yeah we now stop the dripping you
take the spoon and you give it a little
stir with what's left for the sugar in
it set the spoon down you see that's a
completely different color now than when
we started and all we did was that ice
water
you know some people say that absence
makes you hallucinate or see the Green
Fairy but you don't actually hold us in
a or C to be very unfortunately you're
not supposed to see the Green Fairy no
pretty sure you see the Green Fairy
what do you mean you see the green fairy
hi buddy I you want to go you want to
come up you can't you can't well that
was fun
you know I finally got to try it yeah
yeah so weird willing it was fun it is
it is it's enjoyable it's an enjoyable
drink anyways guys I hope that you
enjoyed watching today and again go down
and click on the link below in the
description to check out the Wounded
Warrior Project is there a great
organization and that is that cell so
that's everything so we will see you
guys again soon
good bye we thought it would be really
important and kind of cool to show you
guys how to do a self breast exam at
home okay so we'll just for this we
should probably just be like just on
your chest right yeah just like right
right here
