hey guys it's a new day today oh wow you
you pretty on the vlog Oh doll I got on
the camera nothing
why can't look like just look like that
person guy shit
but you a you look good there it matters
as long as they think I act like yeah
yeah cuz in person I have to put up with
this anyway
after this all she's gonna slap me
across the face
I'm just kidding guys she's always
pretty flabby I'm gonna punch him oh I
can't serve that anyway I'm just messin
listen if you look great
but today we are going to have a pretty
eventful day
so we'll just get to it and today would
be a good day why she's gonna pick that
one andrea is putting in another one of
these so that because these all these
plants are getting so big now look at
how well you guys have been asking how
well our Gardens been doing nothing has
died
surprisingly I'm pretty shocked that
everything looks like really good even
this butter lettuce that like we thought
would actually die is coming right out
of the middle here then we got it from
the grocery store yeah it's not meant
for planting but we planted it and it
worked it works yeah and all of these I
like getting bigger now and the tomatoes
are growing pretty big size I think
we're doing pretty well I think it looks
really good yeah everything is taken
root nothing is is dying everything is
doing really well there's been something
that you guys have asked a lot about and
we have been holding off we didn't want
to put it out until everything was
perfect and everything is and everything
is perfect and we're so excited and what
we are talking about is our brand new
merch store star yes you can check that
out at 18 dot shop it's easy there's no
com there's no 18 com it's just a team
gotcha
so it's as easy as that you can go ahead
and check it out there's some
merchandise that is not available yet
but you could see it ahead of time and
see if you want to get it there's some
cool stuff there you see all these boxes
here
this is because you guys know that we
have the mouthguard challenge game and
that is normally sold on Amazon or in a
bunch of different stores but I thought
it'd be really cool for a limited time
we only have these boxes worth that's it
that's it that is it we're gonna sell
these from our merch store and if you
buy it from our merch store it will be
signed by us before we send it it is the
same price as it is on Amazon but we
will personalize it for you yes so we
thought that would be pretty cool so you
guys get that right now on our merch
store that one is available right yeah
so you guys know I don't own the game
completely we actually partnered with
identity games they are the ones that
made the game saw the video that I did
with Rome in the mouthguard challenge
and wanted to partner with us so we
thought that was really cool yeah we
want to do it so these boxes that we
have here we actually bought so that we
can sell them to you guys but to show
them some love because they sell on
Amazon everything I thought it'd be cool
to as like a thank you to them kind of
still involve them so we want to a
giveaway with some of the ones that we
bought by showing them some love you can
go to Amazon and give five star reviews
and tell them why you think the game is
great we're going to go through those
five star reviews and pick a couple of
winners and send you guys free
personalized ones that we bought we were
about to take the mood of this vlog a
little bit down and I hope that you guys
bear with us on this one but I think
that it's a very important topic
extremely important I didn't know if I
was ever going to talk about this on the
vlog but I think it's very important
that I share it with you guys to raise
awareness into you guys I'll just tell
you so if you noticed we were going
strong with the vlogs we did like a lot
in row what
we were doing you know five a week yeah
we started to do like a lot we're
getting really good and then something
happened and that thing that happened
made things really tough for me and what
had happened was my mom decided that you
know she she thought nothing of it but
she decided to go to the doctor for just
like yeah again checkup
just see make sure everything's healthy
everything's good and she know none of
us were prepared or even expected to
hear what was next
well the doctor had come back and told
her that they had seen a in a scan that
they had seen a small mass in her breast
and she did more testing and what it
turned out is it came back positive
after she got a biopsy came back
positive for breast cancer so during
that time it just wasn't something that
I wanted to share with you guys at the
time it was really hard on me she was so
great during that time and was was there
for me and everyone and my whole family
was was going through this and it just
made it really difficult it's you know
no one ever thinks it's going to affect
them self or their family but cancer
does so my mom was diagnosed with breast
cancer and I will tell you right now
that she has already gotten the surgery
they removed the mass they said that
they got all of it and now she just has
to go through radiation treatments to
make sure they squash everything and
then she should be completely
cancer-free which is great news great
news relative to the situation yes I
mean it's not great that she had it but
now that it's a gone so to speak it is
good we wanted to raise awareness and
just you know it is so important that
everyone knows that even though you
think it's not going to affect you
you would never expect it to you it can
yeah so it's very important to for all
you girls out there women to check
yourself whether it's self breast exams
that you can look up how to do or maybe
we could even show them but you should
also go into the doctor and get checked
up it's just something that like she
didn't feel anything she did feel a mass
it wasn't anything this was like feeling
bad she wasn't feeling bad she felt
perfect this was just like I'm gonna go
in just like you know I want you to go
for routine checkup like that's totally
fine and that's what was so shocking to
was that just hit when no one expect
it's not like she found a lump and we're
like oh no get it checked up so it is
important to to get that checked out we
thought it would be really important and
kind of cool to show you guys how to do
a self breast exam at home okay so we'll
just for this we should probably just be
like just out your chest right
yeah just like right right here okay a
little so just your chest bring that way
okay perfect we're reading your chest so
let's show all right first thing you're
going to want to do is lift up your arm
and put it behind your head and now
remember that the breast starts from
here and goes all the way down here so
you're going to want to start feeling
around up in the armpit and just do
small little massaging motions kind of
looking for any abnormal lumps but I
mean don't be scared
if you feel anything that is normal to
have some lumps but it's just more
you're looking for something that wasn't
there before you're going to go all the
way around keep kind of massaging and
seeing if you feel anything all the way
into here you also want to check your
nipples
make sure there's no abnormal discharge
now a little bit of discharge is normal
but what you're looking for is like
bloody discharge just kind of squeeze it
like that feel around make sure that
there's no abnormal things in there all
right this looks good
and then you want to also do a visual
check and kind of just turn this way in
this way and see if you see any kind of
changes in contouring like dimples are
something like that and that's not to
say that you don't have one or that you
didn't have them before but just
something that is new and wasn't there
just kind of popped up it's something to
you know maybe get checked out and that
is how you perform a self breast exam
now that does not replace the doctor you
should definitely still go get checked
for that but you know they say to do
that once every month once you turn 20
yet I really commend you on on taking
your shirt off on camera I know it's a
lot to ask of her to take her shirt off
on camera I mean she that's so I you
know I think it's important it was
important and I'm really happy you did
that I think that it's very important
for you guys to see that so so thanks
for doing that well you're welcome
you know Sleeps I can do oh yeah Harvey
yeah get it hi baby hi oh uh hi feeling
better you feel much better
we didn't end up doing it much last
night no no mr. Harvard wasn't feeling
very well he was pretty sick we were a
little worried we were like on edge
whether we're gonna take him to the vet
or not he wasn't eating or anything but
today he seems to be much better today
he's totally fine he finally ate last
night and everything and he's got his
energy back and everything yeah so if
anything changes that I'll take him but
he seems to be doing okay so we just
kind of stayed back something kaljaa
watched a movie with him to keep an eye
on him and didn't do too much but I
think that that's all that we got for
for you guys today
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and we will see you guys again soon
goodbye mm-hmm
I think we figured out
