hey guys it's a new day today and we
really fuck we want to try to do stupid
shit in it
but that's that's like fun and stupid
shit goes like hand in hand it is it is
what it is anyway we got to pick up some
supplies first and where's the best
place to pick up supplies know that
again yeah where's the best place to
pick up supplies Joe got something
anyway we are walking into Walmart Wally
reule is the best we got everything they
do I don't really agree with their
employment practices practices but but
as far as just the store they do oh my
god everything they do
I saw a funnel cake maker oh do you
don't even like funnel cake I know I
don't I feel that's like a really random
thing to have where do they have enemity
butane we do need butane would that be
like outdoor I don't know I've never
bought butane before I don't know we're
here
this is alcohol
let's see stuff that I want to try what
what do we need here are we mixing
chemicals again my name's Hannah
it's a pleasure whatever you'll stick oh
shit oh my god
do you have plunger remover cause this
one one one not to do we just got to buy
it now yeah you got it you got it all
right our Savior what do we get now
we're in some coke yeah and some soda
yeah cuz you get everything a lot I
think so oh we also got we didn't we
didn't get this oh yeah we got trim
butane so you know we're gonna do with
that know that we are now at my parents
house and for what we want to do this is
a very safe place to do it because this
tennis court is below ground that's why
you see all these cement walls that is
the ground level right there so that
because we're gonna be making butane
coke rockets which fly up and so the
lower we are the better it is so they
don't go to like just so we can get them
I don't want plastic everywhere I've had
sure an Chile's and everything in here
and anytime there's something where they
can hide there's probably not tranche
less in here but we would just want to
see like what bugs are in here what hood
just pull it all the way back so that
opens up fast fast just do it whoa so
many crickets huh
the job jumpin jumpin jumpin his little
ones butane isn't super dangerous or
anything but we are holding it for an
extended period of time I think you hold
it for about like 10 seconds when you do
this and
let like freezing butane out so just to
protect our hands we got some gloves
that have some rubberized edges as well
these goggles now we could just use
shooting glasses but I'm not worried
about the bottle actually hitting us I'm
worried about the chemical spraying into
our eyes flies away just like shooting
butane in your eyes I guess you'd do
this for like 10 seconds that seems like
a lot I mean
okay you can set stand back
I'm excited ready yep all right so you
have to do it for longer
I think that's good yep we're getting
there I think we figured out we were
turning it fast enough good all right
guys we figured it out now your turn we
know what to do
keep it going yeah whoa Jesus lady yeah
you turned it slow yeah I think you've
done is it's it can I go you know one
way okay fine no no I'm going you take
the camera okay Alex is gonna take the
lead now because I'm not very good right
what I said you're gonna take the lead
now because I'm not very good at this
yes
Oh were you aiming for me we were told
that Kylie Jenner has a really nice
Christmas light so we figured we drive
past her house and check it out he's
super creepy but she really does have
but she 7 lights lights decked look at
this house holy banana hammock just
seems a little excessive
today is my sister Jackie's birthday
very special yeah so she doesn't know
she thinks for I don't know what she
thinks we're doing but she doesn't know
that her house right now we are
literally parked outside and we picked
up a cake for her it's chocolate because
I'm trying to pick a second struggling
happy birthday Jackie and it's got
sprinkles all over it in case you guys
don't know her blog which is life with
Jackie but we have the a-team she is
sprinkle Squatch she loves sprinkles so
we made sure but something with
sprinkles
hello happy birthday go blow it out
she's scared of the fire you gotta come
blow it out cuz she's scared of all
inspired of course we got the one with
the sprinkles there's a fight yeah here
we go your turn okay go
thank you I actually got a package a
little while ago and never really got to
show you guys what's inside it's from
one of you guys and it is seriously so
freakin awesome it's simple it is beyond
us I got to show you this
it's an artwork that's one of you guys
his name is Evan Thomas I got to show
you what he sent me check this out this
is a painting that he did and it is
seriously so awesome it's exactly Harvey
first off it is Harvey and then he if I
show you the detail look at this it's
like little dots of paint that he did
this must have taken forever this is so
awesome I really want to put that up in
my room my dad already to be honest
tried to steal it can I have it I want
to put it like in my office oh I think
it's a really cool no I want to put that
in my room my does it's Harvey anyway
super cool I honestly think that you
guys should go check out his stuff this
is just he's super talented Evan thank
you so much looking at it oh my god do
you think that's another dog he was just
looking at it barking at it oh my god
he's barking at it it's so funny but you
guys know more handsome dog Harvey you
guys should go check out his Instagram
and Twitter both of it is Evan Thomas
art again that's Evan Thomas art go
check it out I wanted to give that shout
out because that is just so cool thank
you so much dude I really appreciate it
anyway that is all that we got for you
for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching we have a lot of fun we did we
will have more for you later on this
week and we will see you guys again soon
goodbye
I feel like there's the like a better
way to do it you know like maybe
