hey guys it's a new day today I actually
just got back over the weekend I was in
Toronto without this one that's me I did
I'm sorry I don't like to be away from
her but now I'm back back and we're
gonna have myself a fun week yeah yeah
and a fun day and a fun life the only
thing is so far
shut up and have fun spirit new slogan
shut up a nice one we are the a-team
shut up and have fun anyway so first
things first we just we actually just
got done with the gym getting our pump
on and now we gotta go oh yeah we're
good workout oh we gotta go pick up the
Beast we gotta go get Harvey yeah he was
being watched while I was in Toronto so
let's go pick up the Beast but you know
what today's gonna be a good day am I
gonna say the why are you gonna say the
life why because no leave it
hi baby ha ha ha ha hello sweetheart
hey Kiki yeah he's already ready to run
out no no oh my god girl you have a
little bit of a glow to you did you get
some to get some ass while you were here
ok yeah he did I'm doing a scratches all
over here he got a little bit excited he
jumped up trying to get a little hug is
it bad did you fucked you up Harvey
we're doing something now that I have
never done before as a Jew we what are
we doing we're getting a Christmas tree
we are Christmas tree shopping I don't
know anything about it I was like
talking to her and she was like ask you
so many questions yeah I was like so we
just like put it up we have a stand she
goes yet you want her eyes you water it
dirty cut it and then she was like it
water it was like but isn't supposed to
just like die after Christmas I don't
know
anything so I mean I guess if you just
wanted to I'm excited though I'm excited
you know burn your house down no water
yeah oh yeah the elevator look at this
one
whoa that one's big oh it's taken oh oh
you you're lucky we were looking around
and we're like oh we see a lot that are
already taken like they're wrapping them
up now we're also great yeah and then
and then an angel flew down and he was
like I have more trees for you yeah he
goes and I got some more in the back
yeah you think I got some more in the
back that's it we really wouldn't be
good though oh they're gonna be good
plus you look so we just gotta wait on
him as soon as he's done wrapping up
this other tree we're gonna go check out
you like we're doing like a back alley
yeah so we're here with the ones that
are not open yet
it's Fernando right Nano Fernando's
hooking it up to it we think we like
this one but he's gotta open it the ones
at the big bottom yeah and we know what
those are like huh
yeah that's we prefer yeah
loading up not the prettiest tree okay
Alex is about to be the big strong man
and try to hold this I'm so I don't know
how this is part of the fun right hey do
you need some help
ah oh I wish I didn't have to hold the
camera oh oh just the cardboard I was
just the cardboard okay okay look oh my
god are you gonna hand hold it I don't
think he helped the 9 foot one by itself
it's really heavy
alright alright take it take it down
take it down
oh my god no not towards me yeah okay
now we got to get it in yeah
bump it up doesn't it down what geez
it's like perfect you guys tell me if
you've seen a more perfect looking tree
I mean that shape damn have you raised
her decorating I think he's ready you
guys distracted on my food yeah of
course
well we picked up a lot of ornaments and
everything ray decorate with something
lights such a truck I just want you guys
that we would like eight different story
who knew that it would be so hard to
fire or Nimmons I know it was really
hard to find ornaments close to
Christmas there's nine they were all
sold out I just didn't happen he's dead
let's get decorating
ja what luck with the wrong color I
think we need a very DNA
we now cut the power to the light so
that you will not see the finished
product until it is finished and we will
not see either and now we are going to
put the ornaments on and then we will
have a finished Christmas tree
there yeah there hey now it's time for
the lighting ceremony ready three wait
wait wait we should turn the lights off
oh that's gonna look so good yeah Mexico
yeah hey three two one ah oh it looks so
pretty oh wow they say pulse they're
pulsing what's happening oh it's
definitely the camera that looks so good
well the way that they the way that
they're doing that it like like they
like don't actually turn off like that
no no they are because it looks cool
since we finished the tree we need to
celebrate and we need to keep it festive
so we have them don't have some hot
spices now it is instant we're not
making it yeah we're not it's yeah what
whatever today it's already like almost
midnight yeah we're not gonna do we're
not gonna put that much time but it's so
gonna taste just good she's gonna have
hers in her pika mug yeah and mine and
my Remington mug oh yeah
that's a better cheers Cheers
what do you think about your first
Christmas experience your first
Christmas tree I like it I think I think
that this could be a new tradition for
me I think I'm made yeah I think that
it's okay Jews can have Christmas trees
that's totally fine they're just you
know they're just free it doesn't even
have to be Christmas Christmas is a good
thing it's a great thing there's only
like one thing that bothers me about
Christmas there's only one thing it's
just it's not even that you get gifts
it's not even it's not even the idea of
Santa it's just everyone is waiting for
this over way man
to break into their house in the middle
of the night to give their children
gifts everyone is waiting everyone gifts
not just ok ok ok he gives everyone
gifts I'm sorry but if in the middle of
the night I woke there was a noise and
some overweight man was had this giant
bag walking down he's like it was good
would you gifts that would be really I
don't know I just I think that that
could be like a better thing like why
can't it be someone else that not like
speak like I feel like there's the like
a better way to do it you know like
maybe
Alec yeah yes yes I'm totally fine I was
I was just thinking do you think about
this guy can break me you know nothing
oh you know I'm tired I'm gonna go to
bed
Christmas was great I mean come on I
know you guys would think that's a
better Christmas right you know third
you know say well I really do gotta go
to bed though because I am tired hey I
think I think we should wrap it up here
yeah yeah it's time to time to wrap it
up and go to bed it's been a long day
were sleepy
so I think I think that that's it that's
it and I'm so happy that we did this
isn't so much fun
his first Christmas my first Christmas
my first Christmas yes and it looks so
good
yeah and it's so awesome yes so thank
you for sharing this with me and for
doing with me and showing me this
tradition a little bit yes and I think I
think we need to go then down
yeah so on that note I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye okay this is going to be
beautiful
yes this is with wait and see what I am
about to present to you guys damn or
even look at this goal oh my god
