hey guys it's a new day today
and we're gonna do doing something
pretty cool pretty crazy pretty a little
bit of shaking we do it's a pretty
furious today we also yeah
we also I'm not right off the bat no now
it is nighttime it is nice that's okay
doesn't matter cuz this isn't a vlog
this is just a video of what we plan to
do tonight which is we are going to be
making I don't know if it's the largest
but it is a gigantic world niggas person
man okay we go in Avon's
back we get some cookie it's time to
take to do letit it is big fear for our
cookies no we're here cookies I've been
there
yeah oh there's the tub we figured we
might need more than that maybe we need
more we can get three just in case what
kind of you thinkin just vanilla I'm
thinking everything have everything one
of each so there's so many different ice
creams here yeah let's just get one of
each about those bulk buckets no I don't
even there's both buckets here
make Neapolitan vanilla birthday cake
chocolate mousse I think Neil Alton
would be good two buckets of ice cream
times at your ice cream dance one more
yeah we're doing one more gallon now we
got three gallons we got birthday cake
and two Neapolitans yeah I could know
whether you gallons and I'm like guys
come on would you want cheese keeping us
in check thank you guys if you've got
three of these then you get three of
those you know what I'm saying just to
even it out I get it
the weight is a little offset though
doesn't matter my left leg is a little
weaker so long we sure get strong let's
preheat these two ovens to 350 gram in
video what okay right there yeah yeah a
hot tubs reserved good
we shall now begin the process we have
two big cookie sheets we got some oil so
that's not stick and we got one two
three go three cookie dolls so many of
these are we ready I'm so I'm so ready
are you ready this is hard to skin you
all right how he's like good yeah yeah I
just sprayed on myself there's coconut
oil let's go for everything
oh yeah Oh yours did it - that's exactly
hers did Wow
nice or you can just done it nicely that
looks really hard gotta spread it out
okay I'm being strong like Pete the
other one yeah I'm open up the third one
ah have a little trouble there there we
go pretty good that's pretty good yeah
yours is complete you gotta fill up that
little gap and you'll be doing heavy
it's a heavy Pizza that is definitely
gonna help you on your road to 700 oh
yeah totally
you putting this up yeah we put it into
the oven that we pre hit her head hot
then we preheated to 350 in the oven
they go
each one of those tubs has four and a
half cups and we use three tubs for
those too so we're gonna have to I don't
really know how long it's gonna take
we're just gonna play by ear you'll see
I don't know we'll probably do toothpick
tests and stuff like that I don't know
they're starting to rise up over the
cookie sheet these things are getting
fat it's gonna take forever
all right they are done yes the first
one
look at how brown and pretty that is
that's mine yeah look it up pretty and
perfect it is just like you oh now we
just gotta wait for these to cool so
that we don't melt the ice cream but
yeah I'll just try the ice cream yeah
let's boogie
hookie oh oh it's good oh yeah good
work' Wow Oh sugar snap peas I guess it
would stay like that that looks great
like that I feel we should you see this
oh my god really we really nailed it
this one has to be flipped twice we
flipped out of there and then has to go
face-up on this once we put the ice
cream oh now we're going to take that
and flip it again no there we go we got
this one now is face-up so once we get
ice cream over here we could then place
this one very carefully oh it won't be
carefully it'll be very aggressive oh
it's gonna be furiously placed Oh
that's I don't know how that's gonna
turn out but let's give it a go in any
case it's gonna be furious yeah I just
cut out that ice cream with a knife with
looks nice with a kunai knife you can I
think bastard gored me in case I cut my
fingers very important oh it's coming up
Oh spicy it yeah I got this under
control my friends you think this is my
boy
watch your Johnny on expensive okay
we're cool meat it's called your bit
whoa boom barrel there we go now we have
to somehow figure out how to make that
look nice so we cut the cutting them in
half so this guy in half
oh oh yeah like it I don't think that's
doing anything at all I got somebody I
think that's doing more damage more
damage this is it's kind of hard but
he'll it's softening up I think as it
softens mm-hmm you can like force it
outward like this is going out a little
bit okay here we go keep pushing it so
it's smooth the top here yes and then
once it's worked and a little bit warmer
then we kind of just like push it
outward and if you see all this like you
slowly towards the outside and then now
I have to work it again cuz I'm down to
the hard part feel like you've done this
before
Harvey totally want some he knows what's
coming we're almost there
we're almost there look at what it looks
like nice looks beautiful
not too shabby at all not to somebody
besides me things not just this
everything whoa it was so loose all the
things but like now it like has your
Samba on the end - yeah you did that on
purpose
declined it oh man develop don't do da
da da da da da da dun da dun dun dun
taranta it's need to go flatter yeah
almost there
well we're almost there guys we're gonna
cut her in half because food is all
about what presentation lady why did
someone say that earlier or something no
it's just an unspoken rule we're trying
to get that thumbnail game so we want to
open it up so you guys could see
everything that's if you guys probably
saw them now but that's what we are
prepping for right now and it's gonna be
awesome
difficult Oh close okay this is going to
be beautiful
just just wait wait and see what I am
about to present to you guys
damn or even look at this oh my God look
at that oh but it's gonna break Jill
right
oh no no aah all right so this ice-cream
sandwich is ready for her party right
this is ready to go we take it to a
party right now and I think this is this
a furious ice-cream sandwich I this is a
really serious man I like it what but I
think we should try it before we give it
to guests
I'm pretty sure they're gonna like it
plus you're going to be shirt yeah you
wanted to share the product yeah plus
I'm kind of scared that if when I take
it there they're going to eat it all I'm
not gonna have a sample of it are you
doing making it really uneatable for the
rest of us
we're so let's just cut it on the knife
not just the cove it good night
oh you ruined it now guys you should go
ahead and try it this was all about
right yeah oh yeah right there
it's really good oh I think we need to
make a bigger one we need a bigger
sandwich anyways guys this is the
world's largest ice cream sandwich that
we did with mr. furious Pete for our one
first
our highly recommend driving the truck
home yeah how do you recommend it yeah
it's pretty simple did you just try to
make one every single day
yeah
present to you Oh it'll be a good place
the arterial yes there you go oh it's
really good it's like on a scale of 1 to
10 it's like a 12 yeah yeah there's a
lot of stuff like this on his channel
I'll put all of these links down in the
description below so you guys can check
that out I don't know how we're going to
present this at the party like this but
I think whatever we're just we'll just
slice it up into slices and put into it
I'm gonna take I'm going to take one
more piece for the road whatever
whatever this is fun we made it we can
eat it I hope you guys enjoyed watching
us make it if you want to see more stuff
like this and give it a thumbs up
oh that to give a thumbs up and on that
note we'll see you guys next time
goodbye
hello that tickles me so much
