hey guys it's a new day we're starting
really late
but today if you guys know that we said
them you're gonna be going to the
Clipper game because Cedars is sending
us here thank you again theaters off
again but to start off we're gonna be
going to we told some people that can
meet up with us and say hi over by the
ice canoeing because we are here at
staples staples over there and then
we're at Le live which is where the
gigantic ice skating rink and Christmas
tree and everything is he has the
hopefully people come hopefully we have
friends I don't know if we do yeah but
look how pretty we go pretty good tree
you want it what tonight why always a
good night since we're so good at
preparing we didn't print out the
tickets and they don't take Bowl ticket
so we had to go into
yeah but anyway we had to go to the
business centre in the hotel next door
so that we could actually get our
tickets now we have them we got a
physical tickets and we are going to
head back over in that area they hired
us some people yeah yeah it's actually
been a long time since Andrea has been
to a basketball game it has the only
time I've ever been to one was when I
was like six years old Arizona Arizona
son yes and now we're at a Clippers game
we made a bit of a mistake here
we just like said like this general
location of where people should be and
everyone's kind of like slowly people
water it's a big location and people are
not fighting it because it's super
crowded we didn't think it'd be this
crowded but some people are finding us
right and they'll join us so we're gonna
walk over now and put out on on Twitter
an actual like physical location where
they should meet us afterwards so that
we don't screw up that badly
yeah
we've the tip-off
deep into the three-second violation to
the phasers that's a technical foul you
can handle that sausage yeah
you're gonna get it
we found some friends afterwards before
we kind of messed up a little bit didn't
really know we we set a big area yes we
already say that yes yeah we set a big
area it was a little bit too big but but
now but now we found Fred hello we did a
few others have tweeted us that they
cannot stay here because it is a school
night so they are heading home but
tweeted us to say thank you so I wish I
could have got you guys in the vlog we
will do more meetups will do will do
them way in advance like maybe we'll
tell you about a meet-up like a month in
advance we'll do it somewhere easy like
a park or something like that so that
everyone could come and you don't pay
anything think that'll be fun yeah hey
we're doing this now yeah but regardless
sorry yes but regardless this was such a
fun amazing experience so thank you
Cedars for making this possible using a
real basketball game we are now into a
new day and we are out with Meryl yeah
we've stolen her from peach and I'm
going with them I think you guys got to
do some shopping right yeah
it's like they've got to do some
shopping they never have to dig yeah
they're gonna model some lingerie for
the vlog and that'll be nice like oh and
then they click out right now we're on
the pier right now
she played some games yeah and you guys
could ride together now right alone so
we are going to start with the Pacific
wheel yes after you a chariot don't rock
the boat oh we're going up
Jesus lady it's so empty here at the
pier today really that's a good name the
West coaster get it cuz we're on the
west coast
alex is gonna take a crack at shooting
some hoops how do you think he's gonna
do I think he's gonna make it
you think so alright let's see oh yeah
yeah
Oh close
boy for all the marbles man I'm not even
ashamed that was okay
it's decent this is not bad good job to
be clear this was today was supposed to
be an Andrea and Mel day but I decided
to join in so I went shopping and we
spent time at the pier and now we're
finishing off with something else
they're getting manicures and I'm gonna
get a pedicure
hello
that tickles me so much I get tickled
yeah yeah that's good it's fine
I'm like this is like a myspace picture
I know like push my tits up a little bit
more yeah perfect
I got the myspace hair though you do
steam channel might yeah exactly
well anyway you got your nails that
watches your nails your hair
get your hair did this is where we are
going to end it would time I'm sorry but
I hope you guys enjoyed watching today
and there will be some fun times
tomorrow so on that note goodbye goodbye
now you got it Alex teamwork teamwork
makes the dream work Harvey would be a
bit of an issue as soon as he tried to
get to all the plants already you crazy
boy so you realize we got to raise them
so we got legs well we just actually
went yeah we just got like four by fours
that we can put there and then behind it
we'll put this one we got longer ones
these are
