hey guys it's a new day today and we are
headin out we are going to it's hump day
pause the Home Depot to the Home Depot
sorry boy easy you think you're coming
but you're not we're doing something
that we are both bad at well hopefully
we can we can eventually be good in it I
don't know but we are going to try yeah
we are gonna be trying our hands at some
gardening because Leo involved by
different birds and best of all the
different things for foods that we like
to cook so we decided why not just go in
ourselves we should he's trying to grow
it ourselves
yeah I don't know how well they're gonna
turn out but we're gonna go to Home
Depot and see what they have to offer us
let me start ourselves morning yeah so
you know what today is gonna be a good
day you know why yeah I don't know what
we're looking for
yeah there are too many and we realized
that we're a little over an edge we
don't know what soil or what plant food
is for herbs stuff or anything this is
just I think we're a little bit ahead we
realized we need to get like an actual
planter box but we also found that one
of them comes with a bonus I appreciate
that someone's fried chicken okay first
of all why are you in graduate get it
homee about because you always shop for
gardening supplies mutsu but even if you
are a little snack why why would you
leave it there it's not even like a
whole piece of chicken either it's like
only part of it there is like we're
picking out some herbs and vegetables
we're looking at some this one is the
food cherry tomatoes matter but it is
something we want and it says it's easy
to grow so this is the one for us what
is there something on it it's a bug for
everything that they don't have we'll
have to pick from here do you know
exactly what you want right no we
definitely want like hot peppers yeah we
definitely want like here they have the
jalapeno peppers ooh what is that
Anaheim poblano supernet none of those
are the ones that I want yeah I think
that we got everything that we're gonna
need and the good thing about buying it
here is that we could plan for the
confidence but we don't bring it back we
just get a replacement bring it back oh
cool
loaded everything up we got all our
plants ready to go seeds and everything
you cold freezing you gotta see these
goosebumps so she gets in her arm before
we get to our gardening shenanigans I
wanted to tell you guys that based on
your suggestion you guys have seen that
we've been doing a lot of stuff on you
now the live shows we try to do them
every week and we recently my sister
Jackie who has her vlog Channel
live me which is what you see like Roman
news and stuff like that and we just
went on it with her just to look at it
and I loved it a lot of you guys were
like you should go on live me live me or
whatever it's called and finally I think
I'm gonna give it a shot so you guys
could find an Andrea and I on there
we're just gonna probably hang on there
do a lot more live stuff I want to try
to do that just so that there's not such
a gap between these vlogs you and me I
want to see and talk to you guys more so
that being said go get the app live me
this is not sponsored by live me at all
I promise I'm just this is so that you
guys can actually find me go get the app
live me live taught me whatever it is
and my name on there is the same as like
my Twitter my Instagram it's just Alex
Mandel no spices no nothing just Alex
Mandel so go ahead look for me on there
and maybe I'll even go live today I
don't know but come here with us we have
this plastic that we have to line this
with so that water doesn't just go out
through the wood yeah yeah alex is
stapling in the plastic now that's super
scary staple gun that's one side this
one is all done we poke the holes for
the water where the drainage is and now
we just got to do that one yeah you got
it Alex teamwork teamwork makes the
dream work Harvey would be a bit of an
issue as soon as he tried to get to all
the plants already you crazy boy so you
realize we got to raise them so we got
legs well we just actually went yeah we
just got like four by fours
that we could put there and then behind
it we'll put this one we got longer ones
these are six inches longer to make it
raised so it's like cascading it's like
staggered yes ready so let's put these
on
you get it no we now found out that not
very good at woodworking yeah so I
apologize to you for stabbing you with a
knife head-butting you and dropping
four-by-fours on your toes you just did
not be like she's policing some rocks so
that they don't get clogged yep isn't
the drainage holes there and so the soil
doesn't clog it we add some stones we're
officially starting so go ahead this is
this is a cherry tomato regular tees are
the bigger ones you know we got this in
here so that we can train the tomatoes
to go up look nice up the vine up so
fine Alex wanted you to let or wanted me
to let you guys know that we're going to
thoroughly moistened we're gonna
thoroughly moistened we put some of this
plant food into the water and now we're
going to water everything yay
sweet mint basil basel they're all
samadhi beer do sit on throw some
strawberries strawberries and then
tomato so this gap right here is because
they didn't have what we wanted and
we're gonna grow it from from seeds
we're growing jalapenos and cucumbers oh
my god it looks like pee yeah I could
have just peed on easy
it's okay next time it is now fully
complete soon we will be able to harvest
this and have ourselves homegrown
vegetables and herbs and everything I'm
so excited
son you will grow peaking from tomatoes
you will be my friend and then I will
eat you and I will savor you this is
weird this is weird but I like that we
have a garden now let the garden is
pretty much done I mean now all we got
to do is wait for some vegetables by the
way and got her hair done I did look at
that hair girl I think they like it
I think everyone is I love it I love you
too and that's all that really matters
that is all that matters but I wanted to
let you guys know if you saw in the last
vlog when I said that we were gonna be
doing a meet-up and you guys got to pick
based on the Cedars app with any of
those five events well there's a winner
you guys chose you guys chose Lakers was
the head for a while and then Clippers
took them from behind
so the meetup events that we will be
going to is the Clipper game on Sunday
at Staples Center so those of you that
put in and vote they will now push you
your tickets so you could get your
tickets to go for only $10 if you don't
know what we're talking about
go watch the last vlog and maybe you can
still like jump in on it and do the
Clipper game for only $10 that's all
that's all if they charge and we thought
that would be a really fun way to do a
meet up so we are very excited to see
all of you guys there
and keep make sure you follow either me
or her on Twitter so at Alex Mandel or
at Andrea Wendell so that we can tell
you exactly where we are and everything
that's how we'll keep you updated
because the vlog we can't tell you the
next day where we were
so it should but anyways guys I just
that's not her foot I thought you in
that too anyways that is all that we got
for you for today that is it
yeah so on that note we will see you
next time
yes we will good bye
