what is that hey guys hey guys today -
this Disney day today
yet again yeah every day seems to be a
new day today is an amazing day yeah
well I was telling I was like I think
that we should go today I do I have vote
but I realized I don't have the key for
the before the vote so Brandon actually
had my key and so we are driving right
now or he has my king so we were driving
right now to go up to where he lives
DILG empty today is going to be a good
day why
because it always is hey hey hey hey
they came to uh to see me yeah well
justjust for your company no just for
your keys no no we came but we look we
wouldn't even invite me you said you're
going to the Auto Show you told me I
told you that after you told me we came
over here to Starbucks because Brandon
left Hanover here and said stay here
because she doesn't have a phone I lost
my girlfriend she's not here $1,000
reward do you think it's a little much
just give me 32 dollars and how it is
reset but you also get a $34 rebate so
I'll give you an additional two dollars
to take his girl back I'll come pick you
up
I've got some guy already saw the vlog
and he was like 34 the partner she
started calling from the phone from
Catco where Brandon was and told her to
wait here so he can pick up where the
pets go and then that note we're out of
here we are going now to Vaughn's to go
get some stuff to eat strawberry for the
boat and they're like every single day
we come here
there's always ambulance firetruck
something like I don't know what it is
about this on it's dangerous but this is
where people this is where people go to
die
ooh but it looks like we're making
burgers yeah
burgers I didn't know you were coming
yeah untie that shit yeah I was gonna be
like whoa how does he know how to untie
so well I know I just really want to
show off your skills you know but I
don't I don't go on boats very often
glorious idea I have one of those mine
doesn't have a name oh you should name
it what should we name it dreamboat that
one's not very creative I thought you
were saying dream on it like wow really
created it yes okay why don't we let
them name it yeah you guys you guys tell
us what to name the boat look at all the
birdies just fill in this lake with shit
fifty fifty pounds fifty open too fast
too fast oh no they're all coming aah oh
my gosh they're like falling that's like
the birds come on you try to hit that
other boat I'm gonna rock the boat rock
the boat whoo rock the boat
we got the crowd working oh yeah the
grill is working now we the power we had
a little bit of fraud but we were
getting a little sketchy for a second it
wasn't turning on we thought we're just
gonna have to eat a lot of salad which
is fine but now we get burgers it's a
bonus veggies and whole grilled veggies
yeah
you broke your nail
here yeah you should never drink and
drive a boat unless your boat goes to
mountain
hey hey it goes seven
right let's squeeze it squeeze alive
squeeze it squeezing it Cheers cheers to
you guys
what a relaxing day who's driving the
boat
we got the burgers going ooh
so juicy got some pepper jack cheese oh
yeah Alex and I like our burger is a
little bit different I like mine with
some barbecue sauce I like mine with
barbecue sauce too but today I'm
choosing ketchup and mustard cuz he base
it yeah now we're gonna put on some of
the veggies that are just in olive oil
salt and pepper some zucchini ducks are
coming back ducks
this is the salad that Andrea prepared
okay good spilled my beer yeah what no
one has to know that your slob I'm just
kidding
we all knew that was gonna happen let's
be honest we are currently parked at the
restaurant so Andrea could pee I'm just
just waiting here all by myself to be
honest I really have to pee too but I
don't want to leave all the stuff on the
boat in case someone comes and wants to
steal tomatoes you know what do we do
the grill stopped working this plug
doesn't work and like yeah the accessory
battery isn't working yeah damn they
were like they were going to the
vegetables they don't even have grill
marks I don't know what we're gonna do
we got the grill here plugged into the
Jeep let's see we get our veggies
waiting some vegetables turn on this
thing see if the power goes on yes who
is working oh wait what is it Oh too
much power Andrea and I have not looked
in the trunk of my car when we put
everything because I believe that Andrea
put the bowl of lettuce for the salad
where does it fit
oh that's fine just you know like put
something around it so does it move I
know it while we're driving you're here
too clink there maybe maybe you might
rum cake in those sharp turns at like 80
miles an hour
hey also an option I didn't do that
anyway we are going to check the trunk
is there maybe nothing three two what
open it all the way and lift it don't
look first we all need to look together
oh no oh my god it opens Andrea do not
put that on me really don't you dare oh
who did I put it on maybe did don't put
it on anybody it was just back here two
fell over
sorry Anja do you know oh my god yeah so
anyway you're really bleeding okay it's
wasn't you she put in the fresh
vegetables the ones that haven't been
trying to sit and grill and stop and
grill and stop and grill and stuff and
this is how it's supposed to look it's
supposed to be just like really nice
grill marks like that recently you guys
have been asking if we're gonna do
another Meetup and if you know us from
the past we don't typically like to do
meetups just like standing in a random
Park or something that we like to do
some sort of activity so we happen to
come across this app called Cedars I
don't know if you guys have heard of it
already but typically like if you
been to a concert or any sort of
sporting event and it's sold out you
still see empty seats and if you want it
ha what is that what is that like that
and if you look at the tickets it's like
two or three times the price but seders
the reason why we like them is you can
get tickets from them for as like as low
as ten dollars to go to the sold-out
events and I couldn't even imagine
paying ten dollars to go to a Laker game
ya think it is we signed up on the app
recently yeah and the coolest thing is
they reached out to us they did their
marketing team reached out they wanted
us to share a live experience with you
guys yeah we thought that would be
really cool so uh first of all I was
shocked they even reached out to me
because we were just gonna just do this
at all
yeah but it is cool so now now they're
gonna sponsor this whole thing which is
super awesome so I'm going to show you
guys how to use it so you know now that
they're sponsoring it their idea was to
give five options of different things
and let you guys choose which i think is
great yeah you guys get to vote yeah on
which which event you want to go and
then the tickets to any one of these are
as low as ten dollars which I hope is
reasonable it's a lot cheaper than any
other thing that we wanted to do so let
me show you how to use this andrea is
going to go to Cedars comm slash Alex
Mandel so here it is so you could do it
on the app or you could do it on the
website I'll put a link below so you
guys will have a direct link on how to
do this go ahead and make an account
Andrea we skipped ahead so that you
didn't see her private email but go
ahead so that button is going to take
her to the app so continue from yep and
we'll show you how to do that so here's
the app she's got a login
loading and here we go so now we are on
the app and here are the actual choices
that you have which is the Anaheim Ducks
the LA Kings to Door Cinema Club Los
Angeles Clippers and the Lakers loading
and here we go so now we are on the app
and here are the actual choices that you
have which is the Anaheim Ducks the LA
Kings to Door Cinema Club Los Angeles
Clippers and the Lakers you know bigger
like a game I've never been to a Laker
game be cool well you guys get to vote
on this so what you're gonna do is go
ahead and enter the code the code is the
secret it's 18 with the - nope just 18
no - the secret code confirm a joint
event let's see if you're allowed in
you're now in yes I get to be in a
secret Club so this is how you guys are
gonna vote I'm gonna let Andrea show you
how so which one you get a bag let's
pick this one the Laker game the Laker
game never been so you're gonna go to
book now and it's gonna tell you that
it's gonna cost $10 for one seater you
want to be multiple whatever so click
book now you are now on the wish list
that's it and that is your vote
whichever event gets the most votes
means that's the one that Cedars is
going to send us to we are going to go
to you and give you guys the opportunity
to buy tickets to that for as low as $10
so I'm gonna go ahead and throw a link
down below so you guys know exactly I
get that you can do on the app or on the
site we want you to go live with us hey
Andrea why you so happy
good we got something that I wanted you
I haven't done so long a puzzle we got a
puzzle yeah but it's a thousand pieces
and they're really tiny pieces so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna show you
us making the puzzle in real time
buckle up a team that is 100% a joke
don't worry and not time to click the
way yet it is now new day
and I was looking for Andrea and I heard
her voice I help help
it's morning cuz I didn't know where she
was she wasn't in the room or anything
and I think she just went to go do her
laundry so this is where I see her you
need help
in the little washing machine her
lipstick is in there but for some reason
we can't open the door she'll have to
melt or closer in there why can't why
call it the door open oh that's not
gonna help is it Oh gonna make it more
stuck while I kept hearing this noise
and I was like what is that it doesn't
sound like washer and I think it was
this that's a good assumption we
couldn't fix it I think it's it kind of
stuck there I hope that it just stays
there the whole time that would be fine
and it's on cold so hopefully it won't
like Oh what colors are looks like
melted it's there really dark red so
what if it just makes everything in
there really don't read yeah yeah at
least watching your darks right now yeah
it is my darks are in my jeans that's
why that's better
it's like good morning hugs oh yeah
stinky man it's just boogers in your
face yeah it's fantastic thank you for
that good morning to me anyways guys
that is all that we got for you so yeah
I don't you know what stuff we did we
had like a productive day yesterday a
really productive day yeah we what L
asleep doing the puzzle that's what
happened but you do look look at this
look at how well she did she got this
whole side done and it's a thousand
pieces so oh yeah but we will have more
for you soon and that's that's all it's
all your press it today that's it so on
that note we will see you guys
are you okay pumping it sorry you guys
next time goodbye
well nice I got it you got it
do it again
