hey guys it's a new day today we get it
oh my god making use of the new Jeep yes
we are going shooting today yeah we are
driving to our my friend's ranch make
this drive in my Ranger but I think this
Jeep can handle it a little bit better
I'm going to watch fast mana Jeep is
killing it I'm going pretty fast so we
are gonna do some something I've never
tried before that I'm really really
excited for I wanted to do it for a
while is skeet shooting yes it's
actually technically trap shooting okay
because skeet shooting the difference is
it has two houses that shoot like kind
of crosswise and clay pigeons and trap
is a center house that just kind of
shoots it outward from you okay we're
out here and I know this isn't
necessarily the ideal 12 gauge for skeet
or trap or anything but this is what I
got for right now until I buy another
one that's specifically for this and
it's decent I mean it's it's a shotgun
the shotgun that andrew is using it is a
410 because she's never shot a shotgun
before so she wanted to use something at
first with a little less recoil I'm
gonna try we shall see hey okay
and pull pull
nice I got it I think you got it do it
again
last one hold oh well
so close it's hard it's always good to
have alcohol and firemen same time no
guys it is not good to have alcohol and
Firearms at the same time the reason we
have the beer yes the reason we of the
beer is because this is Budweiser
America and we are actually going to be
throwing these up to try to do some
shotgunning than some of these beer cans
VJ beer cam I think that sounds like
bacon aren't you making that sound
back on back ad
hey you got it yes drilling oh gosh I'm
sorry it wait it went out of focus okay
go well I got it yeah you guys oh yeah
shake it up you're killing this nice you
guys will see a trend we've been kind of
into these lately but we are gonna shoot
some axe cans with the shotguns and
hopefully they'll go boom like they did
last time oh I hope so
you ready oh yeah all right we have two
of them out there right now I don't know
if you can see him but you will when we
shoot them oh my gosh where'd it go
where did that go it smells so much like
axe out here yeah okay you take you the
one on the right and go for it
whoa that's cool
you'd see all of those holes everywhere
here it did yeah done nice we are about
to leave but I'm not the one driving us
out she wants to try to off-road this
Jeep so stutter up hope you enjoyed your
life yeah and let's throw it into
four-wheel drive
there you go for a drive
oh yeah
you can't really tell on camera here but
some of these hills are pretty steep
really really steep yeah how would you
be able for blood right now I'd be so
dead yeah like you'd be really pissed
but I'd be also dead yeah but like
mostly mad Alex oh my gosh come on come
here there's a bird in either the bird
in the house there's a bird he's behind
here you fell back oh he's gonna hurt
himself no oh oh no put it away
Harvey no oh he's in the plant oh no yes
yes go out go out go out go outside
don't be stupid you have one job right
now yeah for those that don't know we do
a weekly show on you-now called dare me
live where we go live for you guys and
throughout the week on Twitter and on
YouTube in the comments and stuff you
guys send dares dares that you want me
to dare hurt and dares that she will
dare me so we still get to pick them
because I get to dare her but you guys
get to help me decide what to dare her
anyway
we're currently live right now on you
now all of you people say hello there we
go hi hi hi hi hi hello hello
this way to brother walls there oh there
we go the first dare this one we're
gonna share with you guys the rest every
other week might not be what's the first
one so this is one that I found on
Twitter
not that I found somebody send it to me
on Twitter and Alex is gonna do a
spoonful of wasabi a spoonful of wasabi
help son full of wasabi doesn't ever
help anything
guys never help anything just hurts
really bad this is the hot version of
the wasabi I didn't know there was a hot
version but there was like a regular one
then there was a hot one next to it and
so you think the whole I picked the hot
one I don't know I'm scared for you
mm-hmm because I always feel burning in
my nose yeah ready
that's where it burns love my tongues I
get along and I know who you just you
can do it it smells funny okay I know I
smelled it too okay oh my god
I don't think what sabe does that though
we love it oh you're really chewing it a
lot just like get it down inhale inhale
through your nose it makes it makes it
better what we are doing for Andrea is a
glass of sir how do you know that this
is 50 grams because it said 1/4 cup and
this is like two quarter cups right fine
I mean I know it's bad but like how bad
is it
pretty bad Oh chug it down China bad
cha-cha is chugging oh I can't chug I
can do multiple gulps okay good oh
that's really gross yeah get it to came
up I came up you need to watch that says
now getting some face paint
but what yeah so say aka sharpies all
over my face I feel a little crazy this
is what my pretty face looks like now
you so pretty thank you it made me so
pretty I have to leave this everything
that happens on these dairy live shows
have to be left on for the rest of the
night
with that being said Andrea is not gonna
be with me for the rest of that because
it's her friends her best friend's
birthday in Santa Barbara so she said I
don't want anything done to my face or
like that because I need to take
pictures and look pretty and or try to
look pretty okay it's kind of like a big
thing put your feet up here so she is
going off fancy with her with her with
her heels but I figured since she
doesn't want anything done to her face
why don't I just completely green her
feet it won't be in pictures and people
just think you're really really weird
was just gonna use I was just gonna do I
do one color but instead that is look at
look at how pretty these are your feet
are
like the idea let your toes look so
moldy wiggle it and if that isn't
everything she's also gonna have to show
this one yeah I left my mark we're out
of dinner now Andrea is gone because she
was going to her friend's party tonight
but I'm going out with my face like this
I think it's wonderful what do you think
already
yeah I think you're really pretty thank
you I don't even know what I'm here that
lady a bearded lady oh dear well guys we
are clearly into the next day cuz Andrea
is back she was ever friends birthday
party ah how's that yeah yeah and and
let's see this one here yes take it off
all those colours was a big hit yeah
never like you
yeah living with socks the first is
super funny is nice anyway it was funny
for me knowing that she was wearing
these nice heels and I gave her a really
ugly permanent marker socks but on that
note that is all that we got for you for
today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and we'll see you guys goodbye
