what is up guys
today is a new day it's a new day and
we're driving yeah we're driving
somewhere somewhere where you know when
I was when I was young I was really
young my dad used to love taking me to
this place and I was telling her about
it and you know it's it's you you guys
will see what it is but it's something
that I used to do is like a kid and I
thought it was so cool so I wanted to
take her I don't know how cool it is
when we're older like I haven't been for
years but I saw that it's still open and
we decided to take a drink I am really
excited yeah I think this is gonna be
fun and you guys we'll see you in a
second yeah but what maybe you could day
what I know I because it always is
it always is Alex yes hungry
what do you want Taco Bell gonna talk
but I'll take you talk about say one on
the way
yes
look where we are yes we got on Taco
Bell dress is supposed to be the new
spicy one beautiful Oh Billy I want its
steamy hot mm-hmm
good now that
as long as guys here yeah they never
have hot enough sauce no come on talk
about get it together we need hot sauce
like hot hot I challenge you - not now
Jeff Dale here we go it's a it's a
little chop farm yeah it was so much fun
on us oh my god him he looks so much
bigger when I was younger those of you
that actually love to go fish I love
drew everything this is probably like
super lame to you and I get it I love
fishing fishing in the ocean freshwater
fishing but this is just like a cool
like trout farm being come they
literally give you like a bamboo stay
put line there's not even a real or
anything and you just catch trout they
prepare it for you you'd say home and
cook it I don't know what we're gonna
catch or if we're gonna catch anything
but this is relaxing fun she's really
bad at fishing so this is good for her
come on
there we go that lighting is better we
had to wait till we got out of there but
that was so much fun I hope you guys
liked it yeah was that fun for you guys
we're just messing with you so then we
walked into there they
the guy was like yeah all the
information is on the flyer
we had me read through a whole floor he
let us sit there and read through the
entire fight and then I was like okay
we'll take this package and he goes oh
we're closed
you didn't want to say that before and
you know ok online said 7 YES on the
flyer said 7 but but yeah there they
decided it was fine so we're gonna try
to do something else we don't really
know what yet see what else in the area
drove all the way over here was not a
short drive so we are going to make
Tiggers about an hour we're gonna make
good use of it yes we decided that we
would go to Malibu wines it's like right
next to it yeah it's like it was
literally like two minutes away I've
been here a few times and it's great
she's never been yeah and they have it's
for the vineyard so you can do wine
tastings and stuff like that I think
it'll be a lot of fun so looks like
there's a good amount of people here
let's go have ourself a good time
I think this is for I've seen anyway
yeah they all everyone here is wasted we
got to get so we got to get some play
it's like a party here I feel like we
just crashed someone's like I feel like
we shouldn't be here and there's a lot
of blonde hair
whoa whoa look at the light get some
wine
did you just read that we are just
hanging out now and we actually just did
like a wine tasting and one single
flight yeah and as a disclaimer I am
my phone is singing plums making noises
as a disclaimer I am super super super
against drinking and driving so we had a
little bit not even full glass of wine
and then we're just gonna sit we've been
sitting and hanging already for like
what 45 minutes and we're just hanging
out here and like you know for a while
so this is our place we're gonna hang
until I know that there's nothing left
in me to even blow orchard just impair
my driving
blowme we are back at the apartment now
and now the next place we're going to be
going is super cool
we got like some random random invite to
go for those of you that don't know prop
64 has just passed in California and
that is the legalization of recreational
marijuana now the store to buy it in a
store they have to figure out the
regulations they have until 2018 to do
that but effective immediately you could
smoke possess transport up to an ounce
of marijuana and you could each person
grow six plants at their house maybe we
should just grow plants for the blog but
the funny thing is neither of us even
knows but I really we just likely enjoy
the culture the culture is really cool
really chill and I you know I like I
like the you know I like the whole vibe
of it and everything and it's you know
it's great and I honestly because it's
legal I know somebody gonna be like oh
you're totally lying
now more than ever I have every right to
tell you on here legally if I smoke or
not and I could tell you that both of us
do not stop I'm in of you guys I used to
I used to a lot I just I'm not I don't
do it anymore
the event that we're going to tonight is
the celebration of the end of
prohibition on marijuana in California
they're supposed to be like ASAP rocky
there and some of that so I think it's
not super fun but while we're on top of
the world here and I'm like ah here we
go
we should probably the weird let it go
really weird for a second no you didn't
hide it I saw it they all thought - I'm
leaving this in I'm gonna try anything
out maybe not yeah I also want to say
thank you thank you thank you because
this game on Amazon has just hit 100,000
sales
they sold 100,000 units of this you guys
bought a hundred thousand units of this
a hundred thousand the creator of it
email me is like yeah we we sold a
hundred thousand units so this has been
I mean it's nuts now that includes like
stores buying it and stuff like that not
only individual sales it goes all the
sales but regardless 100,000 units sold
is insane and people even ask you like
wait so where can i buy it you can buy
it on Amazon so I'm gonna go ahead and
put a link in case you haven't checked
it out down in the description below
sometimes it's not prime and sometimes
it is prime on Amazon it just depends it
keeps selling out which is actually a
really good problem to have
I just had to tell you guys thank you so
much for 100,000 units sold that is in
freakin credible
it seems to be a reoccurring trend to
finish these vlogs
the morning after but I think that
that's like you know I kind of like let
the night play out then go to bed and
then I get to finish in the morning but
the party was fun we actually didn't we
didn't end up staying too long her and I
were pretty tired Andrea and I'm and we
ended up going to bed pretty early so we
didn't stay to see ASAP rocky or
anything like that which is why you
don't see a lot of war but we still want
to make it appearance there we thought
it was cool that's cool then I hope you
guys enjoyed seeing that and that's all
we really got for you for today now I
think that we have something super fun
planned for today but you're gonna see
that in tomorrow's blog so on that note
I will see you guys again soon
goodbye ready I want to throw it on your
hand
the entry
