hey guys it's a new day today and we are
not currently in LA for the Thanksgiving
weekend for a long weekend we decided to
go to Vegas not me and Andrea but my
whole family my whole family's here and
Andrea is here as well
quite a family she's just getting ready
and we're gonna have ourselves a good
day we got a lot of cool stuff planned
today so I'm excited to bring you guys
along with us
Andrea always jams out while she's doing
her makeup this good morning currently
in my parents gigantic room cuz we can
actually go through here to where we're
gonna go next it's a secret way out
we've officially made it past security
and I thought room watching
so they usually swim on their own and
regularly integrate with the females for
a while it's actually their sound yep so
all the sounds in here are live look
the next thing Andrea and I have planned
we're already both scared for like all
they haven't totally bought I was so
stoked about it and now getting down to
the wire down I'm get a little shaky
we're heading over now we get close oh
okay yeah it's too late to change our
mind too late oh dear
jeez that's high we are currently at the
stratosphere the tallest building in
Vegas that right there that little blue
part is the platform where you could
jump off that platform come all the way
down and land right there and we're
doing it okay I okay I also have never
been to the stratosphere before so
you've never been up there no I've never
been up there I've never even stood
below I had no idea how big this thing
yeah I think yeah think so 100% maybe
yes I like oh okay turn your camera
every big wall okay
55 feet up 108 stories high oh this is
the world's tallest guy just check the
bucket list world's tallest guy jump
take a leap of faith okay
house have you look good all right all
right hey dude yeah that's one word hard
stay right there for you
all right this is your backup and hang a
car off with this and take a nap holds
5,000 pounds okay well no I don't want
to jump off at the car all right guys
there you go this is what's happening
now my yellow
I made it both of us landed and we were
like jittery yeah I was like super
tingling like almost put in sandals
because they make you stand right at the
end like the tip and just that it's that
first jump off that's really the worst
yeah just usually you literally have
your toes like this but I gotta say if
you're ever in Vegas do not miss this
opportunity because it's just such a
great feeling once you're down we are
now back up to the 107th floor not the
108 where we jumped so we're one floor
below and they have a lounge here I'm
with one of my friends who I haven't
seen a long time Dante who I went to
high school with is that your second one
yeah okay cuz it's happy hour it's two
for one right now
and so that second of many Andrea you
got yours there's two for one yeah I
needed to pamper myself
it literally looks like I mean that is
terrifying all the light out look at the
size of the cars you can't even tell
like on this it's just crazy
that's the jumping platform right there
they're hooking that up you're hooked up
to that green thing and then you just
jump out into that
we just got back to the hotel room and
we got a cool thing coming up because
we're about to head out to go to a club
we got an invite to go see Steve Aoki
and apparently we get to go in the booth
where he is so that is gonna be super
sick I'm gonna try to bring you guys
along with me let's go
that was nuts
that was so cool Andrea oh oh dude oh
okay well this is what happens when you
turn the lights on in the club how about
now this is better
Oh oh dear dear you know here I have a
solution a solution ready you look
beautiful Hey holy Shh I'm good you good
yeah I'm not awful but like I've felt
better that's fair
well anyway I I definitely have felt
worse in vain oh yeah how did that yeah
so I'm like up and moving so that's
already a plus we're about to go meet
everyone downstairs and head out cuz our
Vegas trip has come to an end but we had
a good time we did so hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon goodbye
