hey guys it's a new day today and right
off the bat I got to show you guys
something that I think it looks pretty
cool so if you guys don't know Andrey
and I now do a weekly show on you now
every Thursday at 5 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time we do a show called dare
me live where you guys get to send dares
that her and I have to do so so it sent
in a dare they dared Andrea to let me
dye her hair she finally agreed and then
I asked you guys what color should I dye
it and you guys voted on a Twitter poll
on my Twitter purple so Andrea this
happened yesterday live on you-now
look at it topher vault look good I turn
it turned out that I actually really
liked it and I'm gonna keep it so I
think she looks to be here now right
look at there forever I think it looks
great but now I have ventured into the
colored hair territory and I'm probably
gonna stick with it I don't know I think
I think it definitely suits her she's
got those like light eyes and dark hair
right now anyway I do too so if you guys
want to see more stuff like that make
sure you come watch us live every
Thursday on you-now 5 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time where we will be doing
more dares like that checking your
saying you might want to dye my hair
yeah well someone else suggested that
when I suggested it and I think I might
do it yep anyway so send us some dares
officer yeah you can put dares down here
or on our Twitter's at Andrea Wendell or
at Alex Mendel because that's where we
collect - actually most of the dares
anyway today's gonna be a good day why
because it only
because it always is this guy is so
pretty it's so beautiful
we are on our way to go pick up mr.
Javed mr. Harvard they were watching
while we were on the cruise at the vet
that he loves because he gets his his
sex on he gets yeah Harvey is quite the
stud yeah at his vet so they say okay
say yeah it's like I need a few pointers
Harvey gonna smell that guys are given
that pad yeah hi baby
oh my god hi re boy sorry I got a film
hour you'll get your pets in a second
someone's excited hi Harvey ready to go
baby
yes are you ready to go are you ready to
go oh my gosh alright let's go
we decided to get some dinner and we're
gonna good those love's
amazing I'm so excited so this is a toy
store shooter yeah we just got nice yeah
now let's go
just show us how to prepare this yeah so
this is soju I think it has something
else in it too
quail egg the oyster with boonie and
salmon roe oh good I think I need to
drink a little bit of this go ahead dump
the quail egg
wailing that's not as strong
then the Guney salmon roe and oyster
yup
lots of lemon
I really like women I drank some of mine
so I wanted to really be able to like
tea so yeah I didn't want to be like
overwhelmed Cheers
yeah I should have drank it more in mine
it's a gay take it out
really strong nice to go but it's
delicious
what is this pasta and we both got it
because we both got it cuz it looks oh
he's looking so tell them for people
that don't know what is Unni Unni is sea
urchin it's here - Yonah nice whoa
this is really good it looks so good
so is it
okay okay
like unfair oh my god I love you so much
Sloane's
Oh
oh dear did so good and I've ice cream
you getting candy I'm just gonna get a
whole bag oh yeah give it
there's literally a child right what I'm
just filming the toys I don't know your
vests don't you ever said you I wasn't
gonna be able to do it what happened
we had a casual dx2 people walked by one
oh my god
swedish fish
do good do things stupid fish you having
your so just struggle bus tonight boy no
I don't want them broken on again what
is this so hard no no I feel like if you
do it'll be hard for you to I don't know
we should have those tongue things like
like this that's what we do should I try
to get so no I want you to be good at it
okay we decided we didn't know really
what to what to do tonight and when you
don't know what to do sometimes
wandering through like a fun store just
like finding stuff for best of the stuff
it's just the most fun thing you could
do target is one of the best stories we
are that target right now and look
there's vacuums I'm already having a
great time yeah oh don't do that there's
like a thing right here gonna get
pierced do you find yourself a helmet
yeah now you just need a photo it's kind
of suiting to your purple hair to be
honest like it's really well actually
it's a little a nice when I need to find
like a vehicle whoo what is happening Oh
does your butt fitme do you fit no no
really
actually really hurt don't it
Oh
what bitch get dizzy yeah like this
doesn't mean we'll hit your face buddy
of it yeah
do you just hit your head with the bat I
gotta close on this thing back well we
found this which is called a fatima l--
so it's a fat animal ready i want to
throw it on your hand we didn't end up
doing too much last night because we are
still kind of like sleeping recovery one
two go to bed early after a cruise and
everything so now we we went to bed
early we got up early we start fresh yes
no it's nothing those have been over a
while but it's you know it's not
everything on a Saturday yeah for sure
yeah
and uh I know we've been showing a lot
of food we went to dinner and everything
already on this vlog but now that it's
the next day we're going to breakfast
and we're going to breakfast with a
special somebody that andrea has never
met and it's been enough it's been an
ongoing thing try to get you to me I'm
so excited
well why don't you tell them who we're
gonna go see should be just Surprise
them
oh yeah we show her yeah her know you
know you know you know it's a girl maybe
that's a girl I guess I get it it'll be
a surprise a tripod breakfast date for
me I'm excited look is lock it up Oh as
much as it this is the first time are
you haven't seen in so long
yes it's been a really long time and
they've never met yes we didn't show you
too much of the food or anything cuz he
goes to jail for you you guys have had
breakfast before a lot of food yeah but
they had breakfast before they know
breakfast looks like yes but it was no
good and then I'm not gonna tell you
exactly what we're doing tomorrow but
you better come with us we hope we hope
you come with our makeup dragged out of
bed everybody we just pull out what is
your even alright I can use the key I
how's your hug Oh have you guys kind of
felt like a weird connection I just
didn't know about before okay we already
did agree yeah that way to send a
separate a brings on you yeah anyway we
are it was so good to see you it's been
so long and we will we will definitely
we need to do more stuff
oh you gotta cut again I didn't get it
okay I think I didn't get the girl hug
I'm making them hug again for a blog
okay if it's on the blog it happened for
the first time
that brings us to the end of today what
are you doing creeping yesterday today
yesterday today oh yeah today today
yesterday yesterday that's cool
yeah it does skulls are funny okay
anybody's guys that is all we got
so on that note that is it the line
Glide
