good more good one hey guys how was it
good what it is morning I don't think we
normally start in the morning yeah I
think that's why that is why I'm kind of
tired
hey guys it's a new day today and we got
like we were talking about doing
something and we wanted to do today that
I think is gonna be a lot of fun I'm
sure I already put it in like the title
or something but I don't know that you
already know what you're gonna get - I
think anyways
today is gonna be a good day
why because of Andrea slippers not good
on this slippers man look at these what
are those they're from Japan
let me see you got you got Pikachu oh
well they're lovely I love them yeah how
are we know
oh now Harvey's at Agra day are you
tagging it are you checking it oh oh you
want me to hug you here's what's cuttle
type
this is gonna be the day Harvey you know
why does it always use before we get
started with anything today we have a
very exciting announcement that we've
been working on that we wanted to
announce earlier but because Andrea had
been sick for a few days we just didn't
really vlog she was kind of sick and I
was taking care of her so I've been
bedridden yes but now she's feeling good
so we are we're back but and we're ready
yeah so this this announcement it's
coming a little bit late I hope a lot of
you can join us today for what I what
we're referring to why don't you tell
them what we're doing so we are super
excited to start a live stream on
Thursdays at 5:00 on you now yes so what
we're doing is you know said let's make
like an actual scheduled show weekly and
a lot of you have seen the one I used to
do with my dad and so we're kind of
doing that but but different we have it
we have a show this time this one is
called dare me live dare me live with
Alex Mandel and Andrea with them so this
is if you guys have ever joined us on
you now you know that we like to do
dares or truth or dare but we're getting
rid of the truth part cuz that's kind of
boy cuz it was boring
yeah just like same questions over and
over again we were like you know what
let's do some crazy stuff yes so we've
been working with you now and we had now
have a scheduled show with them every
Thursday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time you now.com slash Alex Mandela's
where you can find it and you know put
some dares in the comments that's where
the main thing they wanted you know we
want the dares to come from you guys
yeah we don't want to come up with them
ourselves we want you guys to tell us
what you want us to do so go ahead put
dares as quick as you can down in the
comments cuz we're gonna be looking at
these comments tonight while we're alive
to hopefully do as many of these as
possible and if some of them involved
buying stuff like I don't know if it's a
hot sauce thing or whatever it is we got
to go and prep so put all of your
recommendations or your dares sorry in
the comments below what you got there
oh you know those like little things you
would like put in water and they grow no
the explain oh those things sword I got
really excited what is that it's like an
egg and you put the egg in there and the
egg hatches and like a giant dinosaur
comes out a giant dinosaur comes out of
that egg
it grows it's like a little baby we can
name it everything okay Godspeed little
friends no wait we're drowning him
holding him he's gonna be okay trying to
breathe okay
soon we're gonna have a baby dinosaur
trilogy that don't know I grew up in
Calabasas area and so we're driving
through Calabasas I told her she's like
oh I looks like a nice Park it's like
they have a whole lake here there's a
whole Lake here it's super nice I was
like we should stop I want to show you
so for those of you don't know this is
here in Calabasas I'll show you this
it's really cool the light goes all the
way around and the cool thing about this
path is it circles the whole Calabasas
lake so you could bike it or jog it or
whatever you want to do and you wouldn't
even from the street you can't even tell
this is here there's like geese across
the whole other geese yeah they're
they're gigantic and they could be
pretty territorial so if you get super
close I told her I was like I got chased
as a kid and I was terrified I don't
know but I'm probably gonna film them to
find out hopefully they just like run
away from us
Oh pooped little poopy take it off we
didn't want you to go to my friend's
ranch lately so we can do some shooting
with some guns this is so bright for me
there we go they really see what should
be right don't mind me while I close my
eyes and talk to you guys yeah anyway we
wanted we wanted to shoot and we can't
go where we could shoot the big ones or
anything like that but we are in a place
where we could shoot at least my 22 yes
so we could shoot yeah and the fun thing
about twenty-twos doesn't necessarily
have to be the gun itself which it can
be a lot of fun 22 is like one of my
favorites is cheap gun to shoot well
cheap around to shoot and it's just a
lot of fun the most fun are the targets
you choose so we chose some fun targets
yeah here are the targets we chose an
axe body spray a barber saw original
shaving cream some Glade fragrance apple
cinnamon for fall and if some silly
string max which is the big bottle now
you've probably seen some of these shot
before but this this is also just
because we wanted to have some fun today
and share it with you so let's get
shootin
got my Ruger 10/22 here
okay first off we're gonna be shooting
this shaving cream Lego you ready to go
yep guys like exploding
where'd you hit it I took the top off
yeah gun is shooting a little bit high I
took the whole top oh my god that's so
funny
hit it on to the next odd to the next
next we're gonna do X go ahead set it up
X anarchy
very fitting go for it
really not expecting that Wow
oh my god whoa holy look at this crater
guys that's like three or four inches
deep holy bananas
oh really was that was a big boom it was
like shank tannerite
whoa so I hit it like literally right
there and it just blew the bottom off I
think that's that's what made it rocket
into the egg I think I hit it right
there oh my god it literally just like
shot up but yeah that's definitely why I
just popped the bottom off and oh well
you were saying you want to aim for the
bottoms you can just like knock the top
off yeah next up the glade apple
cinnamon spray it's good it smell nice
out here
like ax and apple cinnamon we're
standing further back for this one
because it's bigger ready mm-hmm
that was a myth so it's nice that was
very right through the middle right
through the middle
what is that oh it's smoking that's
what's happening all right time for our
last one he's got a string whoa
oh my god to go fro Oh God look at
everything here it looks like spider-man
had an orgasm oh it's this like slimy
nice shot that's actually yeah so here's
the entrance and then the exit is over
here yeah you can never pull bullets
back out of a gun you have to just like
finish him off so we got this grapefruit
that's it that's got like gunpowder
residue we just got back from shooting
and it is it is hatchet attaching
attaching I want to know what's inside
like what kind of dinosaurs goes I think
it's a dinosaur II know we'll see I'm
gonna come look at them busting out I
was not expecting that just like no not
at all we were okay we started with that
like acting pretty early on because
we're like okay that one's just gonna
like whatever it's gonna do I think it's
just cuz you shot it like so perfectly
at the bottom yeah that's the force just
like oh it's so much bigger than we
thought but now we're we're back and
we're just gonna hang and probably watch
a movie or something go get dinner I
don't know but we're gonna we're gonna
end it here just because we're gonna
we're gonna relax take it easy she still
you know has to fully get better we know
with she's not feeling perfect but you
mean that I'm getting there you mean
like today yeah I'm happy I'm happy she
came out because she was feeling pretty
miserable for the last couple days so we
will be having some more fun stuff for
you now that she's feeling much better I
hope you guys enjoyed watching please we
hope to see you guys tonight on you now
at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
Unicom / Alex Medel for Jeremy live
and on that note we will see you guys
again soon buh-bye buh-bye
