hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
starting my day off kind of early andrea
is still back at my place sleeping and I
am at the post office because for some
reason here in Santa Monica I have so
much trouble like one day I'll get
packages and Mail the next day they're
like oh it can't be delivered because we
can't get your mailbox for something I
don't understand
anyway there's always some issue but
regardless I'm at the most obvious I'm
gonna get it and I'm gonna bring you
back cuz I got something for me and for
Andrea so I'll give it to her when I get
back we got some fun stuff planned today
we do and today is gonna be a good day
why because it always is 40 minutes
later the lines are so long 40 minutes
later I got the box so I gotta head back
and then we're going somewhere today and
now we're a little late struggle she's
awake yeah oh I got I got you something
what it came in a package is that what
you've been doing that's what I've been
doing that's how I'm late she's like
we're arty we gotta go I know I'm stuck
let's open this whoa wait what I saw
Britney post that that they now got
their sweatshirts their hoodies on the
smaller start back in stock sounds like
yeah I'm gonna order when I order a
couple so I ordered a couple sweatshirts
so we can have it and I open the box
they they send everything hey oh man
Britney you guys are amazing look at
this oh I was actually gonna order one
of these hats oh my gosh yes this is the
camel this is the camo on
boy yeah the camel one still just to
show you what they actually said because
it was hard to see all the stuff in the
box look at this oh my good oh whoa and
they said I saw in that thing they sent
large and small Moe's for both of us
thank you so much guys seriously I'm
just so you guys know if you ordered a
large and small sweatshirt all this
comes with it too I also just checked my
paypal purchase and they did I actually
I didn't call or anything and say like
hey could you send a couple sweatshirts
I just went on without saying anything
to them and bought it because I'd
illegitimate Lea wanted the two switches
I also just saw that they refunded that
and said that you guys didn't have to do
that thank you so much we are here but
we haven't said where we're going yet
yeah I didn't know oh I know they grew
like that like what I don't know I just
expected them not to grow like that for
some reason
growing up I had a bunch of neighbors
that were growing pomegranates was used
to go take them where are we right now
what do we do it we are about to go
you're gonna take him right here by the
way I got a shirt yeah um we are about
to go watch Vitali fight a bull he's not
fighting a book he's just going in a
bull arena he's gonna like you know
Matador it a little bit yeah
so the town's going there he told me
he's very nervous this is very dangerous
to I don't know what we're about to
watch him do but I know that he
there's a lot of risks involved so I
don't know I don't know what to expect
we'll see we'll see we're gonna go I
have no I don't think it said no Trash
Pack
no trespassing on that last sign I think
we're in a farm and we're right next to
train tracks we we screwed up are you
sure what's the address
the one he gave me was like no no what
is the address and she said it was like
cuz that's not the one on the invite
like he sent me like gonna fish like
invite thing and it's completely
different luckily it's only like a 10
minute difference yeah come on baby
everyone wants you to come now we're
here we made it
update turns out we were in the right
place
address was changed so Vitaly told us
we're at some weird farm and then I
called another thing I called Christian
and I was like so where's this he's like
Oh address changed it's actually back
where we were everywhere no one told us
we're gonna have to follow the train
tracks and also like that so we finally
made it
we're walking out we see a Vitaly over
there and Christian so we're walking
over which one are his both this black
mean-looking one that's staring you down
oh yeah and the even bigger cow looking
one in the second stall get back up and
if you could see those horns there no
yeah he does look angry hello how's it
go out of the Bulls like literally just
stare oh my god oh this one this big
white one right here is just staring
I think this speckled one looks low back
there oh my god oh he's like he's
getting no and he's pooping right now he
is pooping it's a Power Move
staring you right in the eye as well
these sheds have usually intimidated
when you do that to me it's my power
move that's how I know this is the ring
that he'll be in and I'll have to get
those pumpkins and put them into the
basket here they are
oh my god scary yes here comes that ball
oh my god they just told us to be
careful not put our hands over this
because if it's if the ball gets
distracted and sees us it could jump
this walking jump oh that was the most
real thing I heard all right moments
away this is the stupidest thing ever
done probably I can't even talk right
now I'm so nervous but I'm gonna forget
this right
I think the tally just broke his jaw did
all just stomp on his face yeah amazing
he did well good it did look good yeah I
did it hi guys I'm still gonna what
what's the thing I can say Lisa
Brokerage stupid
oh all that craziness has definitely
built up an appetite need no I need a
new song is what I need because that
like was not okay for a second yeah so
now we are Davison ranch and we were
going to Yamato which is like Benihana
it's like think about they they cook at
the table you know it's good
to give you guys an update on Vitaly he
is doing okay but it turns out that he
fractured he broke his arm and his job
so I don't know how he didn't know he
broke his arm I guess when you're when
that happens and so much yeah I mean
your body goes into shock that's that's
why he doesn't know so his body went a
shock he didn't really feel much after
when we were leaving is when he started
to say like oh my god it's starting to
hurt now the pain is coming that's why I
like he was freely you know vlogging
himself and saying like oh you know
before you go into the hospital because
at that point he didn't really feel much
but I'm happy he's okay he's doing fine
I think he's going to surgery for it so
I'm not sure but anyway you guys could
check it with him I'm sure that he has
all of that info on all of his social
media stuff as Twitter his YouTube
everything so you guys could fall along
there that's that's for him to tell you
guys so anyway that is all that I got
for you for today I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I don't know where
it where Andrea even went I think she
went to the store to grab something but
anyways I want to finish this here so
that we get this vlog done and out to
you guys and on that note I will see you
guys again soon goodbye
she's just kneading it into this kind of
pulling it like taffy yeah it may not be
the prettiest candy court of them all
but it is the biggest
