hey guys it's a new day today
and we got some fun stuff planned for
today we got something that we want to
try as you probably see it in the title
already I don't know how it's gonna go
cuz clearly this is the beginning of the
vlog we haven't even tried it yet and
also we have failed a lot of like
cooking like a lot of things that we've
started I think I could do
I think we're failures yeah well we we
succeed at failing sometimes hey it's
just the way you look at it there is
nothing wrong with failing because you
will learn from your failures yes now we
know that I cannot make pumpkin pie it's
a good tasting I learned that I can't
make pumpkin pie
that's fine either way regardless today
is gonna be a good day what cuz it
always is it always is before we do
anything today I also wanted to talk
about something that you guys haven't
said any messages and getting emails
about my game the mouthguard challenge
which I personally love you've seen me
do the mouthguard challenge with a lot
of my friends some other youtubers you
see me do with Roman not specifically
this one with Roman but this one I've
done with furious Pete and everything
and it's a lot of fun if you guys
haven't checked it already check it out
but I got to tell you some of you've
been asking about the differences like
why your game over some of the other
ones well one thing that I made sure
that I love about mine is that not only
do you have to say funny things but you
do funny things there's actions in mind
that I that I wrote so I think that's a
big difference because for me if you've
seen my videos somebody's doing the
things it's funnier than trying to say
stuff with it not to knock the other
competitors but one thing that I made
sure is if you look at the reviews for
the other ones these mouth guards tend
to break on the other ones I
specifically wanted these to be extra
strong
I mean extra strong and you could
actually put these in a dishwasher some
of you've been asking that can I wash
them how do I wash them you can put
these in a dishwasher so that you could
use them over and over again and
actually machine wash it just for fun I
haven't done
yeah we want to show you just how
durable my mouth guards are they are the
durable list the dirt of our list
they're the most durable of the durables
we got my big Jeep here and Andrea we're
gonna see if it can handle being run
over go ahead place it underneath the
tire
and look at it it's completely fine
can you bend it
perfect that equality my friends just so
you see there is nothing wrong with it
beat that yeah I'm gonna go ahead and
put a link down below so that you guys
can buy the game on Amazon you can get
it for the holidays for friends for
whoever I think it's honestly a lot of
fun and it'd be something that I would
buy regardless of it being mine or not
now Andrea and I had an idea we wanted
to try to do we become well because the
halloween is coming up and you can't
have Halloween without candy corn
whether you like it or not it is in your
lives
well it's like everyone hates candy bar
both of us like it like people think it
is the worst Halloween candy I don't
understand
but regardless whether you like it or
not we decided we want to make the
world's largest candy corn we have all
the ingredients we are going to need
here so let's get to it we have our dry
mixture here is just the dry milk the
powered sugar and kosher salt so we just
give this a little mix Andrea is making
the wet mixture which we will cook and
that is granulated sugar light corn
syrup and water and water we brought it
up to 230 with the candy thermometer and
we melted in some butter so now we mix
the dry ingredients in there
we let it cool a little so that it would
get a little thicker and we're gonna
pour it straight onto this mat hopefully
doesn't just spill out everywhere it
might it's really thick though and how
many more times we gonna do that
yeah - we're gonna do three times the
amount we put the three batches together
and she's been working it to make these
bowls of candy and they're like dough
now kind of sticky yeah they're a little
sticky but it works and so now we have
yeah we have gel coloring so we have
orange
oh that's yellow and that's orange sorry
I don't know my colors colors at heart
so yellow and orange so we're gonna
color these two and then the white is
the smallest so yeah so we're gonna
start with two drops this gel coloring
one - okay we're gonna we're gonna fold
it in yeah and we're gonna see we might
need to add more but we don't want to
like over color it she's just kneading
it into this you're kind of pulling it
like taffy yeah
it may not be the prettiest candy court
of them all but it is the biggest there
is a regular candy corn and there is the
world's largest candy corn she just
thinks it's so funny because it's so
ugly
it is easily the ugliest candy corn ever
but it is our candy corn oh my god this
still has to be like pushed together we
spent so long oh well hey we still we
made the world's largest candy corn
even though it's an ugly one okay I
think I think it's like half a fail we
still made it it's still big just not
pretty yeah now that we've made the
world's largest candy corn what do we do
now I think we need to celebrate tattoos
I don't I don't even have any tattoos do
you I don't have any tattoos I want to
tattoo I just don't know what to get I'm
not wouldn't getting like a tattoo right
now you could draw a tattoo if you want
give me a jam Sam yeah I get all these
colors we have look at that
don't worry I'm gonna do something cool
I'm gonna do like a gun yeah are you
who's that yeah no no cuz like you know
you're a gun guy guns are cool I have a
boy you have a lot of hair on your lower
back it'll be the world Terry's gun yeah
so don't look something up for reference
I don't think you're good boy you can't
feel me doing a gun
I think that's too many letters g18 Oh
perfect
oh my god you didn't put 18 yeah no I
did it what you put this is my laughing
giving it away
they 18 I'm gonna tell you that oh oh is
that a heart first yeah apology you slut
pretty fun do you like it I I do like it
I'm totally gonna pollinate you baby on
your body for forever
I'll help you in a second we go the
bathroom
yeah that's why I said I'll trust you
okay
okay let me see let me see is it bad is
it that you're such a dickhead
I gotta shave my head tomorrow it's only
permanent marker delegate Amir head wait
you can't see the top of your head again
oh thanks Ali your name is Richard yeah
take you shorter races okay guys well I
think we've had enough fun for today but
tonight I'm tired you tired it's time to
go
yeah I feel like it here you gonna clean
me off your head anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed watching and I'm happy that even
though it wasn't pretty we accomplished
the large the large world is world's
largest I'm gonna be totally yes I don't
even know if we accomplished that don't
even say that we did it for me don't
bring this down where's the top of the
world right now well before she brings
us down any further
that is all we got so on that note we
will see you guys again soon
goodbye a harvey right now is on a leash
and that's just because not cuz he's
gonna be mean but we don't want him to
trample the newest member of the family
he is
oh you can't run you got to make your
appearance on the vlog this is Charlie
look at him charlie
