hey guys it's a new day today
hello he's back I'm finally back finally
back yeah I was actually gone for like
five six days and yeah yeah you have to
you happy to have you back all alone if
you weren't alone I'm happy to be back I
missed you I missed eating well now that
we're back we have some fun festivities
going on but I also gotta say that today
is Riley's birthday she is turning 43 43
and I had you know people are gonna
believe that I was saying 43 she doesn't
look 43 yeah she doesn't look a day over
35 the newest addition to the family
where's oh oh the newest additions
running away new traditions run away so
Harvey right now is on a leash and
that's just because not because he's
going to be mean but we don't want him
to trample the newest member of the
family he is oh you can't run you got to
make your appearance on the vlog this is
Charlie look at him John oh yeah to show
them how Somalia's put him down don't
worry guys Harvey won't hurt and Harvey
just looks but just cuz he steps on him
we don't want him running too much he's
just big yes just think he is Charlie
where you going here he comes here he
comes
Oh get him don't worry Harvey you're not
being replaced charlie just once he's
not mine he's Riley's Riley and cams
yeah hey try to play get him get him get
him
ah he's tripping but get him oh you're
just getting yourself charlie hey do you
want do you want a beer
look at that beer next to you oh this is
the open one you can't have it
Charlie sit good good charlie you're the
size of my beer are you guys good now to
play off the leash however you got used
to it I used to Charlie they're both
gonna sit sit good boy lay down lay down
there's Harvey's leg down there we go
now get up we are here we are here we're
gonna bunk you're mad yeah we got to get
some pumpkins a really cool pumpkin
house I think it applies the gods crazy
stuff you got kids everywhere you know
we got here we've been exploring a
little bit but everything is closed
there's nothing here anymore but we are
going to go we'll come back like we're
going to come back like daytime but
maybe we should get like some pumpkins
maybe we can make like a pumpkin pie
tonight yeah gonna do that we're gonna
make a pumpkin pie tonight cuz we I will
come back like when things are going on
to actually pick out pumpkins yeah yeah
and then we can like blog all the fun
but we need to make this work them so
yes I think a pumpkin ey which is one of
my favorite pies we drove so long to get
here we're now at a market called mitsuo
the Japanese market in marvista and
where the candy aisle with a bunch of
cool stuff but children from the cool
thing I'm going to need to be I can't be
here first because you're like
everything
a little little bear sleeping on a
picket oh this one's so cute I love this
one look and he's asleep get a pancake
and a pancake there's a toilet it's a
toilet god I wish I could read this we
are back now we got some things get some
things oh we got is that bear yeah it's
like a little they're like little
chocolate bears with like a little
cookie or something in it I don't know
they looked really cute and then these
every burger which I've gotten before
and they're like chocolate they're
really good I just wanted her to try it
I've never had them before but they look
amazing yeah I really love these they're
so good tomatoes press some itchi likey
how do you pronounce it I don't know
let's get people in the comments to
pronounce it correctly yeah everyone
yell at me and tell me I'm doing it
wrong and then we got the toilet because
they really wanted oh we get to see
what's in the toilet what is in the
toilet we also got these five little
pumpkins and these ones are supposedly
really good for pumpkin pie what's what
that's if we brought Ronnie backer camp
because he asked apparently I pointed
the picture is you like put this powder
in there and you put water in there and
you like drink it out of there out of
the toilet bowl this might not even be
edible to be totally no we're making
soap yeah I am I just need bubbles okay
there we go yeah
fill up the tote there fill it up a
little there we go now close the top oh
it's going down whoa it just flushed it
just flushed it slice no what's it gonna
do do we fill it up again or is he gonna
overflow
yeah no it's doing illis this movie head
then chunks in it there's still more
powder in there but I guess the liquid
that's there may we drink that and we
load a lot more you take the first set
yeah take it
I actually like Hollywood Smith is it in
your mouth right oh did you swallow it
does it have an aftertaste of soap cause
it kind of did what I think it has like
I think it's baking soda actually Oh
like that fizziness in it toilet okay no
now I want to look it up online to see
if like no don't look it up if I'm not
supposed to drink it I just did Charles
mr. Charlie how nice of you to join us
Oh make a pumpkin pad
are you cold in here it's okay oh whoa
they're so hard okay enough enough we
ended up getting pretty tired last night
and never finished making the pumpkin
pie Andrea finished making like the
puree for it it's in a refrigerator in
puree so we cook the pumpkin everything
now easy to get the red stuff yeah we
because we also realize we didn't have
the anything else that we needed that
we're gonna have to go to the store to
buy so we'll do that before we go I
almost forgot I want to say thank you to
Opinion Outpost and the reason i want to
say thank you is they hit me up if you
know I've worked with them before
because it is actually you know I've
told you guys this a lot I don't really
you know talk about things that I don't
believe in myself and before I was ever
doing YouTube or anything like that I
was always looking up ways to make money
online and that was one of the ways that
I did it you get to take surveys and for
every survey that you take you get
compensated so you can make money you
can get gift cards you get all that
stuff which is really cool something
that I have actually used on my own time
without being told to so I thought that
it's cool to share that with you but
they actually hit me up and asked if I
would be interested in the new iPhone 7
I was like yes I would like the new
iPhone 7 iPhone 7 plus and they went
ahead and got me the iPhone 7 plus so
thank you so much Opinion Outpost for
that I think that you guys should check
it out because it is a way that you can
make just some side money when you're
sitting at home
relax if you stay on the couch you can
just go on there take surveys make some
extra money and it's as easy as that so
I'm going to go ahead and put a link
down in the description below so you
guys can go check it out I'm always
happy to work with them so whenever they
want to sponsor vlog I'm like let's go
for it let's do it so they so Thank You
Opinion Outpost for buying me this
iPhone 7 plus and for sponsoring this
long its time
to make the pumpkin pie you I made the
pumpkin as we mentioned last night so
that is the pumpkin cooked pumpkin puree
yes from the pumpkins we got from the
pumpkin patch little baby pumpkin yeah
so we got all the ingredients we need we
have everything in there now everything
no it's from the mixer it's that's shut
ah maybe start lower and look at the cup
really yeah
dip it in lower yeah oh yeah I like it I
like it
oh that's as much as I can put in don't
don't spill stop stop don't spill it
don't spill it don't spill it and if you
burn yourself you're gonna throw it
everywhere
wait wait wait wait pull that pull the
rack out come on Andrea don't mess up
don't stop these are only pie oh my god
you're shaking stop stop stop stop
well that was easy
uh-huh you need to push it up with the
glove first tilting there we go put it
all Oh slow it put it all there oh yeah
let's set the kitchen timer to 40
minutes 40 minutes on the clock
three two one yeah
Pat I'm good
the pie is complete
yeah I do yeah oh it's okay
somewhat okay now just stick that back
oh oh I think it's so much yeah yeah
that's yep mm-hmm
but it's okay it's a game there's that
you went to yours go well it looks
pretty like a lot of it beam my probably
so hot in the middle it tastes really
good it tastes like a really good
pumpkin pie
oh what a bowl tastes amazing and it's
so warm in the middle that way yeah it's
perfect by Mischer it looks kinda like
diarrhea but taste it
it's because it's still warm I just kind
of worn but it's good that's great
though doesn't sound convincing no it's
good just like so it's good it's good
good it's just like it's just soft
oh is it soft it's our baby food pie
okay you know it looks too bad I don't
want to wait to eat it
who wants to invite us over to your
Thanksgiving dinner we'll bake the pie
yeah you right you'd be a mistake if you
didn't eat it do you think any dinner be
amazing
oh there you are okay guys that's I mean
we enjoyed the pie I think it's good you
probably skip we'll just wait until the
morning and then like actually did yes
impatient yeah we put it back in the
refrigerator
yeah it tasted really good though it
still tasted good we'll see how it is
like tomorrow and stuff but for today
that is all that we got
so I have fun I'm always fine yeah I
hope you guys did too and that's all
yeah
so on that note it's almost Halloween oh
it is almost Halloween M is Halloween we
will see you guys again soon goodbye
okay I just want to make sure I have
