hey guys it's a new day today and I am
NOT in LA if you saw I said I was going
somewhere else I am actually in Toronto
Toronto Canada we're about to go visit
my dad's not my grandma mama at me for
visiting Alex's grandmother and your mom
my mom VN is right there but her friend
is 103 years old how old are you how old
are you
what do you point yeah 17 17 she lies
about it and I believe her give or take
a knee
sixty sixty not 16 six yeah I don't
believe you're 17 nothing use it haha oh
I know I'm just I'm having involved your
hands and look wrapping like holiday ah
oh
don't fold yours it's just uncomfortable
you remember him it's my cousin no cut
yeah looks like Geraldo that's nice my
son has been looking for is good right
Ronnie wants to take you to dinner lady
for Alex can I put you on speaker and
you could talk to Jack you got it yeah
that's enough you will bury and we'll go
late in did you enjoy getting hit on I
did you get you get a number we had a
connection did you get her number
no but I always know well show me her
phone number is four no yeah they
usually let play in the back door
Hey a couple more I told you in our home
yes swear your performance what stage
it's not Alex wow that is a lot of seats
what we're expecting
they say that was over will be fourteen
to nineteen people here tonight as long
as they spread out it's gonna be great
that's five
the fruit platter when is that from
years I've been your budge so is
everybody
my dad's opening at John Meadows azan
right now he's performing my dad's
waiting
yeah
Oh
me home
I rolled on Twitter stuff on me
fucking spy
I'm back to my dad's dress room his show
is still going on
I actually got an email from KY yeah the
the lubricant company but they made a
new product called KY duration which is
to help prevent premature ejaculation so
you know when they offer this to me I
was like well what what do you want me
to do what they wanted me to do is they
pretty much dared me to go to a very
public place and just gale out that I
have premature ejaculation no one has
any idea I'm terrified to do this but
I'm not going to turn down a dare I'm
not the type to do that so I'm gonna go
ahead go onstage and when he passes the
mic over for me to say anything I'm just
simply going to tell the whole audience
that I have premature ejaculation and
then I'm gonna walk off let's see how it
goes
he's kind of caught you know what I'm
actually pretty nervous
oh here we go guys I'm coming coming
yeah
yeah dude okay bye
I just want to make sure I have
Oh
oh we did Oh
whenever I get dared to do something
like that I cannot turn it down so I
think it'd be fun if we all did that if
we all did the PE challenge or the
premature ejaculation challenge why
don't you guys go out to very public
place a restaurant or anything and yell
I have premature ejaculation and then so
that I can see it in stuff you could
post it on instagram and hashtag PE
challenge I want to see you guys do it
to you so it was a dare okay why dared
me it's why it's my audience and I made
it my own you know one of those
something is important to be proud of
your children yet tonight not so proud
can I go happy all the time to LA now
the shows that well
I'll show you why I did that why did you
ky
gave our the new product called
duration
premature ejaculation like that tree
they dared me to go into a very public
place
and yell out that I have premature
ejaculation and I thought what's more
public or how could I be in front of
more people
that your show
it's work that it's work it's
embarrassing
you go 20
yeah but I was embarrassed I'm standing
in front of embarrassed I had to yell
out that I had premature ejaculation you
never said you had premature ejaculation
know that you have premature ejection
their collision and gets it walk my
crewmen spirit right okay I am back home
now finally but I had so much fun it's
always fun to travel with my dad and get
to do is up and went to a bunch of
cities I didn't show you guys too much
but we actually went to Montreal then to
Windsor then to Toronto then to
Cleveland and then back here so you guys
got to see a little snippet of one of
the shows so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that and we got a fun week
ahead of us I have some fun people
staying here at the apartment ha
hello we gonna have fun this week yeah
oh I told that they need to be very
careful though because Andrey and I have
some stuff planned that's why I brought
pepper spray
what name in legal okay if it not legal
yet order first spray you can buy pepper
spray the gas station iha yeah okay well
clearly they have nothing prepared but
we do so stay tuned for that and that's
all I got for you guys for now so I will
see you guys again soon goodbye one go
fuck fuck yeah okay
over the past yeah
