hey guys it's a new day today
and just right off the bat I'm excited
cuz andrea has been telling me about
something for a long time and telling me
that she wants to make this for me what
what have you been telling me you wanna
make so I made this soup that I really
really love that I made for a lot of
people that everyone seems to really
love but you haven't a double meat I
haven't made it for him yet because
we're always so busy doing other awesome
things and I feel like cooking you know
just takes up a long period of time
that's not gonna be all we're gonna have
fun with it it's gonna be awesome good
super awesome cuz I don't want to show
them if it's not gonna be awesome
oh it's gonna and if you don't look
awesome - yeah anyways it is all they
tell them what it is yeah it is a
chicken coconut curry soup yeah I'm into
it you know what that means
today is gonna be a good day what hey I
think we're forgetting something
Oh wine we get to use my fancy opener oh
yeah check this out yes that's it you
stick it in there it holds the wine
bottle there you go pull that down got
it
and now just pull back up boom there's
the wine
there's only up there yeah I'll hold my
mop there you go easy so sick - soup and
then some parsley looks so pretty I know
isn't it yeah looks so like like homey
this is just to make the broth right
yeah and then the chicken that we're
also gonna use cool it's not
oh how good does that smell oh it's that
good no that's not actually amazing it's
cooking right now no like amazing
amazing oh yeah
is it a mid cooking hug time a hearty
hug aren't hearty hugs just the greatest
can I feed you some wine you know my
hands are all like greasy and gross I
can't pick it up oh good yeah
refit refuel the cook it's done it's
done so know what wow that looks good
she's finishing garnishing the rest of
them yes
it's so good I hope you like it
how do you feel about it I don't you
know I really don't think it's good I
think you should have any I think I
actually think you should go and just
leave it okay I'll finish it that was
really good yes no I'm gonna eat it
a few blogs ago we told you guys that we
were working with
Zillah Zillah was actually sponsoring
Andrea's apartment search and we had you
guys send an email suggestions
suggesting like places you can chance at
Andrea's apartment search and research
yeah Andrea apartment search at
gmail.com is where you guys were sending
suggestions the cool thing is a lot of
you guys sent in some really awesome
finds from Zillow so check out yeah
check out some of these that you guys
have sent in one that we really liked is
from Sebastian yeah this one was super
nice hit that one loaded yeah look how
nice this is let's click into n it's
under 2,000 a month which is perfect for
what we were saying which is great look
at this and that's like a tree house
that's so cool there's nothing and this
is actually in Marina del Rey which and
it's right on the water which is like
ten times nine yeah
it'll show that I think we're just
looking at these you know it's like a
little food court and stuff or that gym
- see it's right on the water they're so
nice this one came in from the Evan
project thanks Evan now can I keep this
one is what's in Santa Monica which is
awesome yeah I would like to be in Santa
Monica
oh this one looks nice yeah look how
nice this is some nice windows all the
appliances I hate when I see like an
empty place where the fridge should be
I have to buy a fridge those two were
like our favorites that we found out of
your suggestions there was a lot of
suggestions that came in if you guys
still we are still taking them for her
so yeah if you guys want to send more
suggestions from zillow you could always
send it to Andrea
apartment search at gmail.com and we are
still looking for apartments because she
still needs a place to live
no one likes homeless Andrea
you look comfortable in here with your
blanket I'm so cool so cool ed you gotta
fire
get your drink area come on get it it's
fire you got it we're back at my place
now and andrea is gone the Richard and I
had an idea right that doesn't mean
anything to them because I haven't told
them anything but what I am what you
probably guessed by the title and some
now we are gonna be racing some drones
we picked up a couple of drones now
these are more like toys than anything
really professional not like the
phantoms or anything like that but they
do have like a little camera on them on
the other side here so I could pull some
footage from there and everything we
also bought hula hoops and some string
and what he was showing you was hooks
because we're gonna stick hooks like one
there one there string up so there's a
hoop hanging right here and we're gonna
put them all over the apartment that way
we could have ourselves a little drone
race there are so many strings going
through my place but I will walk you
guys through the course to show you how
it is and then we will get to the rice
here's how it's gonna work
we're gonna sit right where Richard
sitting we got the drones here they're
gonna take off when we say go they got a
pass through that ring then go love dip
lower so they can go through this ring
here and then they go back up high and
angled rings so they could come around
here through this ring around here to
this ring they're gonna go all the way
around the kitchen here these are
getting hard to go under goes low and
then they're gonna this one's angled so
it's gonna go straight through there
skip this one because it's gonna go
straight there
and back through those two and the first
one that makes it back through that red
loop is the winner we have our
smartphones hooked on to our controller
so we'll be able to see first-person
view of what the drone sees and that's
how we could stay here and kind of play
it like it's a video game that's how
this is gonna work I don't know how well
we'll do but I'm still gonna kick his
ass they're not will see mine is the
orange rev up the engine and Richards is
the yellow three two one go
but yeah yeah no fuck
I don't like this I don't like too
I am seriously killed us
now I just gotta take it to the finish
line
yeah yeah and I'd take it that
definitely ran a lot later than I was
hoping but I mean I did turn my whole
apartment into a drone racing course it
is now 508 am I need to go to bed I also
just edited too
so except for this clip this is clips
going in anyway that's all I got for you
I hope you guys enjoyed watching I had
so much fun with this one and I got I
got nothing else but I got fun stuff
coming up soon I'm going out of town
again and you guys will find out find
out where soon until then goodbye do one
go for it
you have so much sand in your shirt
right now
