hey guys it's a new day today and we are
currently at Home Depot because we're
cooking up another bad idea where we're
trying to figure something out and
hopefully it works yeah we Richards here
too okay so for this after doing some
research well pretty much what we're
gonna be doing is we're sledding down
this big big sand hill now if you've
ever tried to take like a boogie board
or something like that or even like a
snow sled down a sand hill it doesn't
doesn't work doesn't slide very well so
after doing some research any like wood
like this that has like a slippery
surface that's what we found to work
we've saw other videos of people trying
it that work so hopefully we can get
that to work I don't know if we have
something successful or an epic fail but
either way you guys are coming along
with us and today is gonna be a good day
why does it always it is the one here
that's already cut take one out oh
that's the perfect side there we go
pre-cut we just need three of these now
good bad mr. Wong we have all the stuff
home now and now we're gonna Joe some
holes so we're gonna we're gonna try to
make it into a little bit of a of a sled
where we can pull up the fronts there's
no drag when we're going down the hill
there we go second hole is done alright
look at that let's see if the rope can
fit in those holes there's way to
measure the hole oh that's look at that
it was meant for that perfect cool yay
put together this wood is slippery on
the bottom and pretty rough on top that
way we don't slide off of it does that
one work but we're gonna string so bring
this through here and just tie it at the
top so we have a loop we decided to put
two knots in it on the thing so we can
have one up here so you could stand you
don't have to reach us high you can just
hold the lower one just so you can lift
the front up so it doesn't dig in the
sand right Harvey right boy yeah servin
wishes - letting
oh no I'm scared and it just ends at the
road we got the ocean view here this
steep hill that just goes straight into
it I don't know what we're gonna do
having to stop maybe we can go off on
this maybe we can go off on the side
there there's like a side thing we yeah
we can look at that I know this is super
cool all these rock formations you ready
yeah
you ready well we'll check it out we'll
try it I'm a little bit nervous but I'm
ready but it's a hike to get up
look at how small the people are down at
the bottom those two right there
Richard's lagging he's coming we got
this really steep one that drops off
down there there's a few over there it
actually doesn't look as steep on here
but it's very steep so let's do this
let's it go Andrea
you're good
you always got it
is it yeah what is she doing with her
feet
this isn't working
what are you doing Andrea what do you
try and do what do you try to do she
wants to make it spark
wrong type of rock Oh No
oh hey he's gonna hurt himself I don't
know why we keep telling you he's gonna
be fine I don't think he's gonna be fine
and Rita said in case anyone's wondering
which it's gonna die you can do it it's
totally safe
you kind of got it not really I'm done
dead-ass doh
three two one go for it
you have so much sand in your shirt
right now
it's annotated this is seriously an
absolute fail fail fail
after sledding over here at the Malibu
Sifu a few bets make your way out of
mouth it makes you go to mouth to
seafood and get yourself some clam
chowder it is know you know right there
at Red Bull we're back home now and the
slutting didn't necessarily work out now
we don't do it you know it was yeah me
and rich or a little cut up yeah let me
see oh it's not that bad we just we have
got some some burns and stuff from them
you know thin she's tough and going down
yeah didn't really work if you guys have
any suggestions on what might work to go
down that hill let us know because it
would be fun to like actually go back
and figure out a way to actually do it
yeah I don't know
we found one like Slap that was there
that was really really really heavy like
someone left it there and that one kind
of works yeah it but it only runs on
rocks and it would go really fast which
is kind of scary and yeah only if there
was like rocky in that area and it was
like 300 pounds it was hard to carry
back up the hill once we got down yeah
anyway I'm tired I'm sandy I have sand
in in crevices and holes and what so I
need to like take a shower cleanse and
maybe just like kick it for the rest
tonight on that note we will see you
guys again - goodbye
if this hits us as hard as its supposed
to
it's he his words where buildings will
crumble and I was like an Andrea is like
we need to get out of here this is what
was going on in happy Atlantis they were
prepping and so when they were telling
us everything was totally fine this is
what we were seeing
they've began prepped for the windows
and the flooding here
yeah because here's the the lagoon area
everything's boarded up where's our wood
and board up our room we ended up not
being able to get any flight out and my
parents were helping we were trying to
get out and eventually we took like a
little island charter just from Nassau
to Fort Lauderdale thinking it was gonna
be fine there it wasn't they were gonna
they were expecting it category 4 to go
into Fort Lauderdale as well so
