hey guys it's a new day today and before
we get into anything or blogging or
anything a lot of you have asked you saw
in previous vlogs by the way I'm sorry
that hasn't been a vlogging a little bit
but you asked what happened in the
Bahamas or are we okay or anything
because we told you we were going to
stay and stick it out through the
hurricane
well one Andrea and I are okay and we're
home and two we did not end up sticking
it out I'll give you kind of I'll let
you know what what happened because a
lot of you were curious while we were in
the Bahamas we decided it was originally
gonna like come through NASA and be you
know kind of toned down a little sweeter
like okay you know maybe we could stick
it out I've never really been the
hurricane so this would be kind of
interested we asked every person that
worked at the hotel that we were talking
to it what do you think all of them were
like oh it's nothing we get them all the
time you guys will enjoy it it's
exciting we didn't know at this point
that was like their tactic to keep the
people at the hotel calm because they
realize a lot of people are not going to
be able to get flights out or reschedule
anything so who were we to know I mean
we don't experience hurricanes over here
I hate that so we were like okay cool a
lot of you were like oh no you know it's
gonna be really bad but the we're like
these people here who's dealt with it a
lot are saying it's not well things were
totally fine everyone at the resort was
totally nonchalant about it until the
day before we ended up getting out of
there which was the day before the
hurricane okay the employees totally
changed their way the way that they
handled everything they were no longer
really smiling at us they were kind of
worried a lot of them one to go home I
walked out to go to Starbucks in this
like little employee hallway and saw
them all having a meeting and moving in
emergency blanket emergency blankets
hurricane supplies every
that they were gonna need for this
hurricane and I was like okay this is
getting more serious and then we get a
call in our room saying if you can
schedule a flight out now you should
leave and on our TV it said with the
safety and security of our guests and
employees in mind we'll be moving any
guests who are on property at Atlantis
to the shelter environments of our
Ballroom tomorrow Wednesday October 5th
we didn't want to stay in the ballroom
at at the hotel that's just not we
wanted to do and also they expected
15-foot storm surges Atlantis Resort is
not on the main Nassau Islands on this
little thing called Paradise Island
which has a little bridge there two
little island that's probably a quarter
mile long all the way around and it's
completely fun so if there's a storm
surge it's it's flooding the whole
island so we were talking to this guy
and we said if we can get a flight out
do you think we should he goes it's
totally going to be fine you're in the
Atlantis and it's totally okay and I
said I said I can find a flight out but
I'm only going to if you tell us we
definitely should and he goes you have a
flight you can get one I said yeah I can
get one and he said get out that was the
first time that we realized oh he goes
we've always gotten lucky and it's
always just missed us if this hits us as
hard as it's supposed to it's he his
words where buildings will crumble and I
was like an Andrea is like we need to
get out of here this is what was going
on in at the Atlantis they were prepping
and so when they were telling us
everything was totally fine this is what
we were seeing
they've began prepped for the windows
and the flooding here I knew this was
the same guys yeah
because here's the the lagoon area
everything's boarded up where's our wood
and board up our room we ended up not
being able to get any flight out and my
parents were helping we're trying to get
out and eventually we took like a little
island charter just from Nassau to Fort
Lauderdale thinking it was going to be
fine there it wasn't they were gonna
they were expecting it category 4 to go
into Fort Lauderdale as well so we ended
up getting a flight from there to
Atlanta the next day before the
hurricane hit there and then from
Atlanta back to LA I'm very very happy
and feel very lucky that we managed to
get out of there because the hurricane
was pretty destructive and not
necessarily a saw but like in Haiti and
everything with hundreds and hundreds of
deaths and it's so terrible and I you
know I don't even know what to say about
that my my thoughts and my prayers go
out to those families and the people who
were affected by it I feel more than
lucky to be home and not that there was
so much damage where we were but it was
intense to give you guys a little bit
the intensity of what kind of things
just the wind strength on it check this
out so this is the Atlantis this whole
thing and it actually goes even farther
than that but right here this little
wing is where we were in this wing this
is a different hotel but you could see
how close this hotel was now in this
hotel to show you the strength here's
their hotel room it started to crack
during Walt was windy the whole wall
then the couple went and checked their
room and the whole wall was gone this
was strong enough to rip out the whole
hotel wall and throw it out during the
storm that is some powerful winds and
when we got to Florida the customs
agents were like you were lucky together
we told them they wanted us to stay in
the ballroom on like the first level and
the customs daters are like if that
storm surge came you would not be safe
on the first level from the floodwaters
but they didn't want to set a room
because if things flew through the
window it's even it's super dangerous
too so it's just not a good situation
would have been a very stupid move to
consciously stay there on our part and
I'm happy that we did it today we are
where we going where we going dude we're
gonna catch some fish yeah but right now
we right now we need to catch a Chinese
man seriously though Richard Richard we
have to catch the boat in like half hour
actually leaves 35 minutes he's been in
there pooping seriously yeah for the
last like I don't know 20 minutes is
what it's all there he's all his protein
he's making protein poops right now
Richard hurry can you go get Richard
just call him go get Richard finally I
had to go see God yeah for like 25
minutes good we made it
the boat isn't even here yet oh you guys
are cute what are you putting his
backpack that I was just gonna say it as
a joke the people are just like here we
go
dolphins dolphins jkerner got one but I
don't really have it it's already in
your bag Richard just got this guy we
got to pull him off the line right now
he got him and I just got one too this
little this little guy it's okay it's
still fish we actually we cut a good
about not like eight to ten each yeah
eight to ten each which is I'm happy
with that yeah we get to go eat so now
they got to prepare the fish Richard is
all wobbly now they got to prepare the
fish and then we're going home we got
some stuff to make tacos some fish tacos
we cleaned off all the fish that I
caught so we're just going to eat this I
think this will be enough for all of us
and this is that seasoning that I love
the blackened redfish magic while the
fish is being prepped I'm going to go
ahead and make the sauce for the fish
tacos it's really easy to make three
tablespoons of sour cream 2 tablespoons
of mayo water tablespoon of lime juice a
half a teaspoon of garlic powder and 1/2
a teaspoon of sriracha now just mix it
up and there's the taco sauce start
taking this fish will lay them on the
barbecue and they're all grilled let's
go ahead and make these tacos yeah yeah
yeah you want tacos Oh tongue fish fish
tacos got it
look at that taco I know that you guys
are jealous I am so excited right now
look daughters look who's here hi oh
you're drinking your wine drinks Virgil
Virgil's root beer you going hard she's
going alcohol you're going just crazy
Oh are you okay someone's deep throwing
the ruby ring
I'm not going to show them what you're
rubbing yet the reason I'm not going to
show you what your evidence because I
want to show them what we got we wanted
to play some games on xbox but I only
have two controllers so I wanted four
and I didn't have any this is not
sponsored at all by the way but Amazon
Prime now is always my Savior because I
could order things it gets here it says
within the hour if I get that but
usually takes about 20 minutes because
they're really close so I ordered two
more controllers
I got to show you how beautiful these
controllers are first there's this one
this one's super clean and just like
that's like the chic controller it's
really cool but then this one is called
the dusk shadow it's like a blue-black
oh my god it is they just did it right
with this one this one's so sexy so now
we have these two controllers and we can
play some games
we ended up gaming until pretty late so
we didn't continue to vlog or anything
like that but we're into a new day I
don't know what's going on today but
this is where I end it so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching I am happy to be
home safe and we'll get back to regular
vlogs like like we always do so on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
