hey guys it's a new day today
and it is a very special day why is it
special day Alex's birthday it's
actually AUSA's birthday it is today is
the 30th of September I am officially 27
years old yeah just a little bit this a
little bit no no we had an argument
about like what is late to mid 20s and
you're still mid 20s I was saying it's
kind of like later I think it's mid mid
20 thank you anyway we we already took
some birthday shots not gonna lie that's
Wham
see it in my way no red yeah but it's
okay we feel good and we're gonna it's
actually getting later we had likes we
were just walking around and going to
get stuff to eat we wanted to sleep in
we did we were so tired last night that
we just like kind of slept in and yeah
we were here for like a week so we
weren't in any serious rush but we're
gonna go try to make it to the pool and
see if we can at least do some things
before the Sun Goes Down today and have
herself a good days in the lazy river
yeah yeah we should do the not so lazy
river yeah it's not so lazy you seem
really tense no it's just not so lazy to
get closer to the lazy river we want to
go we stopped it they have a bunch of
towers here at The Cove Tower this one
is like being nicest tower it is you
gotta just
Hey look at this
all right again
ah
Oh
to catch
my nose and that's the lazy river
tomorrow we'll do more like slide stuff
and everything we're just doing this to
get in a good pool time that was so much
fun so say it's not like a lazy river
there's like Rapids and everything funny
things you've ever been oh my god you're
in college it's like just like a Rapids
thing I don't even know anyway tomorrow
we're going to be doing more slides and
like a whole day of just like crazy
stuff but got started a little late
today yeah we did get started little
late but we're back at that shark tank
that we were trying to show you
yesterday and it was dark we'll show you
now so you can see them better look at
this there's a bunch of nurse sharks at
the bottom and me sharks swimming you
want to be in there they have a thing
where you can go in there and actually
like walk with them we walk at the
bottom whoa
so cool so majestic I'm like really in
love with a nurse shark shark
that thing that the shark is on is a
slide that you can like float through
there slowly and then in the distance
you see a tube you get like drop down
this thing really fast and just shoot
through the shark tank
super cool these are the exits to the
slide and that one up there is called
the leap of faith it just drops through
there the shark thing we'll do that one
tomorrow you guys will see how we do it
we're walking back into the hotel where
do you see we walk back into in the
sunken city it's all like ruins and
stuff you could actually snorkel in
there just looking look at that stingray
there's things big he's just looking at
you
you don't even want to leave now
I don't I made a friend like me so same
character oh my goodness alternative
good hey Chris those are good
my Chester here you see the rare WWE
seahorse oh you guys hold a good belt oh
my god no let him go
oh wait let me go and I think we're
witnessing something that's actually
kind of not okay right please like
holding his mouth shut I thought it was
funny but it's not funny at all
let it go I'm go stop it
oh my god save him he's looking at you
big we got ready back in the room and
now we're on our way to dinner but this
is this is my birthday dinner so we're
going somewhere nice it's actually one
of my favorite places to go in LA but
they have one here where we go at night
no no no no I even know that's like the
way inside yeah are you yes we can okay
there and maybe I'll fix it
thank you
yes God double follow Jim
hey what's your name Rachel hi Rachel hi
I wish we could cheer but we can't
really do that oh you have your hand
we've got a pitchfork here here we go
the nature is for you guys yeah
Oh
birthday too
happy birthday yes everyone in the
restaurant clap everyone clap yeah it's
clapeyron thank you make a wish
I'm not going to tell you happy birthday
to me and that was $120 win right there
oh happy birthday to me
we finish at the globe we did where we
just go to the pool we decide to go to
the pool late night yeah that's for me
it was closed yeah we probably shouldn't
have in there but you know why it the
GoPros are charging which is why you
guys didn't come with us and also it's
really dark yet yeah it's the middle of
the night what happens it was it like I
think it's like 5:00 like 5:00 in the
morning but we're fine we're I'm not
late I'm so it's like - yeah which isn't
really bad but we decide to go swimming
we had a lot of fun swimming and I'm
just exhausted I had such a just a great
have a great day thank you I really hope
the star doesn't come tomorrow hey so
maybe for those of you that don't know
what we're time out if you look up
hurricane Matthew hurricane Matthew is
right now a category 5 headed this way
for the Bahamas so much so that my
parents are saying like you should get a
flight out of there neck was like please
leave please leave and I'm I just we
just don't want to go you know maybe
we'll blog during the hurricane I don't
know but and that sounds like such a
stupid decision but we both decided that
if there was any if there was anyone
that we would want to ride the hurricane
out with it would probably be each other
it says we're gonna kill it we're gonna
do it
so hopefully just just hope for the best
for us we hope it doesn't arrive
tomorrow and we are gonna have another
good day so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that is all we offer you for
today and we will see you guys again
soon Hey
bye goodbye is that where we're going oh
yeah
oh we're go to the Bombers
yeah that merges yeah I'm like my
favorite I know that let me
