what is up guys it is a new day today
it's very early in the morning I just
came over to Alex's he doesn't know that
I am coming over today I don't know if
you guys know from the car thing or
anything like that it is Alex's birthday
coming up it's actually tomorrow and
he's been talking about how much he
loves the certain place he really really
wants to go there he was wanting to plan
a trip for so long so I got him a little
surprise and I'm going to go wake him up
right now to that surprise that I'm not
going to tell him anything yet
oh good morning good morning wake up oh
look oh my gosh why wake up we're going
somewhere
you got a pack I have a pad you got a
pack what it's your birthday tomorrow
not today here say happy birthday dude
yeah you got it back for what wake up
I love get up go back we're going
somewhere
how long wrench back for like six days
are you serious yeah okay I literally
just got terrified are you naked oh do I
need to leave I'm gonna but really just
Pat warm warm weather warm with warm
weather warm light with hot one wait
yeah no no pack for warm weather six
days ready go okay okay you ready to go
so we're going hey hey are you tired
yeah one she gave me seriously like 20
minutes to pack I don't know what I'm
packing for and I'm so particular in
packing and she goes oh by the way bring
your passport I feel like I feel like
the rush like will get you more hyped
for it you know do you mean well it's
hard to rush this early in the morning I
am excited I don't know what I'm excited
for
and now I'm a little bit scared because
I thought like oh you taking me like
surprise Vegas trip but we don't need a
passport Matias we're at the airport
we're actually like not at our terminal
we're supposed to go to cuz she grabbed
the boarding passes and then we're gonna
go through security I was like it just
like look at the ticket no she held the
ticket gave it to him
I mean sneaky she is being seen you
would drag this out for as long as I can
which is probably till right now cuz
we're gonna have to get the play we're
gonna help okay but apparently this is
only a connecting flight anyway yeah so
your first connecting flight where we
don't look don't
in the first one first one Miami where
we going out of mine yes so we're going
out of Miami
I know where my favorite places to go
out of Miami is that where we're going
is that where we're going oh yeah
over go to the Bahamas yeah that's like
my favorite I know that I did it cuz I
know it's your favorite
alright we're going we're going the
Bahamas oh I'm like turning red you know
what that means you guys also amazing
blog oh I'm so decided I like okay I'm
okay I'm happy with the way I packed
with everything I figure like hot
weather like that's what it is right
oh I'm so happy I've never been in the
Bahamas I don't know as you Jamie I was
like telling her all about this I was
like what I will do this like at some
point I don't know we'll figure out a
time I've been talking about like
literally since we first met you love to
Bahama that's a really big gift happy
birthday
that's a really big you just never think
it
oh he's so happy look at ya the light
again so interesting we are now at Miami
waiting to go to the Bahamas on our
connecting flight what do we get
except we are still in the airport she
got her bag and we only have one slight
problem there's no more bags coming out
I'm so excited I'm into violence they're
putting you know what's happening they
are putting a president there for you
because they know they know you told
them
yeah I told that oh there's gonna be
wrong
oh really where's my bad hey I don't
know if I'm gonna fit you and your
clothes we have to share what we're
gonna try we are gonna try in a try I
ended up getting my bag everything is
all set yeah the bitch huh what time is
it it's late it's 12:30
which means what it's your motherfuckin
birthday it's my freakin birthday and we
made it and we made it we're here I
don't think it's technically your
birthday yet though
well we got we're going by LA time
because we didn't want to like as like
to get in the room yeah yeah we should
go look at the casino or something you
should definitely go the casino let's go
do that we just got it we just got all
our stuff party yeah yeah it's 12:30 I'm
ready to party
I have to I'm hungry actually yeah I'm
actually I want a party and eat but we
made it we are here we are you yeah yeah
oh yeah it's dark there's a big tank you
probably can't see in it all right now
yeah everything's dark you guys will be
able to see it tomorrow oh this is nice
yeah yeah what is it yeah what time is
it literally friendly that would be my
birthday oh now it's actually your birth
is it though see 50 to 55 I got five
minutes until I'm birthday that's gonna
bet what oh I don't know is there
anything in the champagne bottles No
well who would leave champagne in the
bottles yeah I just want you know a
little like yeah good what do champagne
I don't know shark shark this summer
that shark is scared the shit out of it
it did well because it's I was good I
was like oh you can't see anything
because it's like literally black and
almost I'm just like glowing eyes just
piercing deep blue sea yeah it was kind
of like that I mean also this place is
massive
and it's completely unlit it's lit right
here this is actually deal I didn't vlog
it because there's literally like no
light on the past zero even the g7x
marks here cannot handle the darkness
and since resort at the moment why is
not a single person out right now is
empty it's empty
fun fact that bridge across the towers
is Michael Jordan sweet when he comes
here what you doing lady
putting a mask good because I'm done
looking at that face oh my god I don't
know where this has been coming from
it's been there for like two months and
it's only on one side of my face and I
think it's hormonal I don't know it's
just I just want it gone okay so I'm
resorting to light based on your
attitude lately I'll have to agree
I'm just kidding oh you don't get it
damn you should just keep it like that
right yeah I think I
I think I do much better in the world of
violence yeah I actually I would be able
to look you in the face it's like it's
always Halloween I wish I had one of
those
then maybe actively pretty oh I have one
for you you're putting it on what no I
have a bunch no yes here with you yeah
oh go in the other room and do it no no
I'm saying you brought them here with
you yeah in renders one I'm not doing
that
yeah I hope it works
all right over just does something you
are funny well I'm not putting one on
you're gonna look so you want to have
nice plump useful skin not putting one
on that's the one on Sophie what is this
Isaac why does it yours have this thing
going on cuz I don't be funnier for you
use that one I have more of those two I
just wanted you to put that one no one
looks so pretty like a 14th century like
I don't even know if that's right 14th
century I don't know the things I do for
her wine are like mmm
oh it's like the mouth part I know is is
really scary like that I hate oh my god
you're supposed to put it on and just
like just like lay down and like relax
like have a spa day season is relaxing I
wish I had slices of cucumber so you get
like the full experience you know maybe
we could have ordered like a salad
dressing
this is really relaxing you look
ridiculous
I'm really glad that I picked that one
dream I'm ready to like laugh with any
emotion sirs okay I feel so fresh and so
clean clean fresh it so glad I hope I
don't wake up tomorrow with a full face
like completely broken out yeah she put
that on to help her and now it's just
gonna be tearing yeah I feel like my
skin isn't typically sensitive so
hopefully not will see it's actually
having to be perfect so when we were
with Matt in Texas we had I have like my
custom-fit shooting year's earplugs but
I also have just like extra foamies just
in case and they work really well they
do and I happen to have them in my
suitcase still that I took to Texas so
we realized I okay I've broken my nose
like eight nine times that I am a really
bad snore and I am the lightest sleeper
like I have a hard time going to sleep
like even when it is dead quiet and like
every every condition is perfect I still
have an issue sleeping so we have
earplugs and I guess you guys will find
out tomorrow if that works out either
way yeah do that or that I'm gonna slap
a bunch of the face which I'm okay with
no I'm never you know what I only woken
you up like a couple times but that's
also cuz I've tried to force you to I'm
always like please if I snore wake me up
it'll take me a little bit to go back
signaling I don't want to wake you up
everyone know sleep is scary so I'm like
wake me up so you can go to bed it's
fine
I'm asleep yeah nothing like they're
asleep I want you to get your sleep
that's why I watch I want me again
Eisley yeah I think we should get some
sleep right now I think we should I
guess okay guys well this is just the
start of a great adventure for the week
and it is my birthday
additionally officially 30th of
September so anyways that's all we got
for you thank you so much for this I'm
so excited this is gonna be so much fun
well I'm you're happy I'm super happy I
still can't believe you did this
it's what can I say I'm fucking bomb I
think all of you hey I need to have
someone like that okay guys well on that
note we will see you guys again soon
goodbye we had to set it down and crawl
out of that
