hey guys it's a new day today that's
what happens when I start the vlog and I
don't know what we're gonna do or what
we should do but I I think that today is
gonna be more of like in just like a
chill day yeah today's gonna be a chill
day yeah we're gonna hang out around
here but that doesn't mean it's not
gonna be super fun and super awesome for
you guys yeah before we even started
this we're saying that we were hungry
and we don't want anything normal
we want something crazy we want to make
something crazy what do what are we
gonna make crazy oh she's crazy
I think we're gonna make some crazy
tacos crazy frickin tacos and before you
like okay tacos no no no there now
you'll see today's gonna be a good day
today why because it always is we go to
the market get stuff the market what are
you European this is the supermarket
what do you really do you guys not say
market you know it's a market a guy's
market like when have you ever said
market just now just now exactly Andrea
everyone says market things and
ingredients for everything they were
gonna make for you guys
I think you kind of messed that one up I
don't know but you get that one anymore
let's go No
I'm not going to exactly picking the bus
we're gonna get Kings wine right that's
a bill I know we're putting it back Oh
okay they just told you to stop see that
yeah yep
just regular
well Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny governor
do we need it okay
we have everything we're gonna need some
of the stuff is in the refrigerator yeah
so we were planning beforehand we were
doing doing our research or
brainstorming coming up with these
recipes and what we decided on is a
pizza taco an animal style cheeseburger
Taco like jump in and out in and out
lovers out there as we all are in
buffalo wing taco and is their taco yeah
you guys will see what we have in mind
for each one but I'm excited keep in
mind that a lot of these ideas are like
we are coming up we're coming up with
these ideas as we as we go so some
things may work some things may not work
none of these are from recipes so we'll
just figure it out I've got a new bucket
so that I can wash my Jeep with it
Harvey
how are you scared of it no I know you
guys are saying that father but there's
a reason I'm showing you Andrea figured
this out and then I wasn't even here
when she figured just wanted you know
like when a kid is scared of something
you like try to make it less scary so I
saw they're like looking and he will not
come to me but
we're starting with the pizza taco
you're open to the pizza sauce paint
that our Italian sausage daddy would you
like them with buffers it was for you
trainee you're gonna eat it now oh my
god you could do it
Mike we toasted the outer part of the
shell looking good
here's how we're making the pizza once
we have the pizza on the outside already
to show you what it is loading it up
with some Italian sausage Italian
sausage and some peppers cooked in there
Italian peppers and sausage go together
mm-hmm
well it's hot we're gonna put some
cheese on there so it melts some
mozzarella mozzarella so you may get
more pizza eat pizza e-easy eat some
pizza sauce on top of that instead of
tomatoes we have some fresh red pepper
here so this is supposed to look like a
regular taco instead of lettuce we have
our green which is just green peppers
yeah beat the taco there's the pizza
taco
take bite ya
how is it is it right yeah
it's really good on to the next what are
we doing now MMO style animal style
burger cheeseburger cheeseburger
Amazon cheeseburger Taco yeah we have
King's Hawaiian and buns
hamburger buttons and we are going to
turn this roll it out now we made some
grilled onions alex is doing the burger
and they're mustards Grill the animal
style they're actually grilled with
mustard on it the cheese burger is in
the bun taco put a little bit of grilled
onion yes put that in a couple of these
pickles there we go and now for the
secret sauce which is also just Thousand
Island coming from between our legs
there it is the animal style taco
how's that does it taste like a burger I
mean it it is a burger and the verdict I
think we're gonna need to make like a
top of truck of everything except
regular tapas yeah we're eating good
tonight it's next buffalo chicken taco
Oh 40 buffalo chicken wing taco we have
some cooked shredded chicken here
handsome hot wing sauce we don't really
have exact measurements here so we don't
we don't do exact measurements in this
kitchen some chicken
since wings are typically served with
carrots and celery why not some carrots
and celery on there she keeps putting a
lot of everything to be nice and full
okay and to top it off wings are
typically served with ranch or blue
cheese we went ahead and went with ranch
and we're gonna go ahead and put on the
taco perfect I think you gonna pull out
some celery with it oh my oh my god hey
there it's Derek guys
yeah my turn
you see the struggle now I think we have
some improvements to make on the next
one I'm gonna essentially I'm eating hot
wings
yeah it's it's good harvey is really sad
that he doesn't get to take part in
hello darkness my old friend do you know
what time is it for dessert we're gonna
be making another taco surprise surprise
except dis what my friends is pie crust
we're gonna use the martini glass as our
cut up Andrea it seemed like a good idea
there we go right here rocks apart
I really hope this works Andrea what are
you doing
Andrea don't face chair Gotham taco
shell you can stand on their own - so we
put in the chocolate pudding Hershey's
chocolate pudding our tomatoes or
strawberries cut to look like tomatoes
place those and we're gonna put our
lettuce on which is also just sliced up
Kiwis sliced up Kiwis whipped cream
whipped cream without Graham there it is
the dessert taco
our token is it
okay
okay okay yeah I didn't want anymore
that was good mmm what do you think
we're good they were really good it was
my favorite I don't know
you know honestly I really loved if I
had to pick like to I would have liked
the pizza taco and the dessert taco my
favorite are they yeah they were so good
those are definitely my two favorite I
think that that's all we got
right I mean it's it's actually it took
us two hours to make these so I would
say if you guys want to make one pick
one that you think looks the best and
then make it actually in the comments
below let us know which one you think
you would want to make or if you have an
idea for another one yeah any idea very
come with your own taco what would be an
interesting taco
on that note that is all that we got so
we oh I'm sorry we will see you guys
again soon goodbye
but it's what is this this is my car
