hey guys it's a new day today and where
are we
we're in America's Got Talent the final
it is the finals yeah so we're super
excited and we're about to go in we've
got a passage and everything we're just
wait now what are we waiting on I don't
know why even know we're waiting on what
everyone's waiting everyone's waiting we
do have a surprise check this out look
who's here
crazy you were the surprise today is it
like a GoPro where you could see my
whole face without no it's actually I am
just really close okay and you brought
members of your family I did I did
this is servant number one sure that's
my mom
hello her name her name's Tamara this is
Ashley my he's telling you guys I
already know them very well I was
telling you no you're telling me Alex
isn't my sister Ashley nice to meet you
yeah now that we're all acquainted we
could go into America's Got Talent
we couldn't show the axe obviously
because I don't know that I don't want
to copyright strike but with the show
good it was amazing for one so key with
some of the meeting watching you anyway
we had a good time in there I'm sorry I
couldn't show you that much but you can
just watch the show or go to their
YouTube channel check it out anyway we
are now the show is done I don't know
what's what's going on now but
or he's good show yeah we are now back
at my place after America's Got Talent
it was so much fun I'm sorry that we
didn't film or we just thought there
wasn't there wasn't that much the we
could really felt we weren't allowed to
film in any places yeah they're very
strict today so it's okay though we'll
still have a fun rest of our day rest of
our night yeah you bring you guys along
good blog yeah speaking of that in case
some of you didn't know while I was in
Texas I hurt my arm pretty badly and
showed it in some of the vlogs and
tweeted about it was him good about of
pain he was he was struggling pretty
hard yeah okay really are what you guys
saw was like a small fraction of how
much pain that he was actually in with
that being said my arm is feeling much
better now it's now out of the sling the
doctor wants me to like hang it rather
than like keeping the sling so that it
can stretch it out yeah
but one thing that I thought was really
cool was I don't know if you guys have
seen like a while back
I did a blog with hellofresh the food
delivery company and I fell in love with
it because I do love to cook
they literally send you everything that
you need to make it everything that you
need to make the food and you cook in so
much fun we bolted together yeah we did
together it was amazing it was yeah it
was so good super good and the cool
thing was is they actually reached out
and they were like hey we saw that you
know we know that you'll be home resting
a few days you wondered if it'd be cool
for us to send you like a meal and I was
like I would love that this is that yeah
please did I yeah I already love you
guys and I will push you any time that
you want because it is a company that I
support love and the food was really
good it is really good yeah anything
Andrea you go cook it yeah my arm hurts
can you cook it yeah with that being
said hello hello fresh this just came in
the mail while we were at AGG this
wasn't here earlier today and I am so
excited for this cuz now we get to make
dinner on top
well it's cold in here
it literally feels like a refrigerator
in here yeah I got another apron cuz I
have my other apron all right no super
this time you get to wear it I wore it
last time I'm super rich boss them to
the recipe books it shows you how to
make everything contain in there for a
week and it's really cool cuz the chef's
come up with new recipes every single
week this week's box comes with oven
baked corn and tomato risotto that looks
good zucchini and black bean quesadillas
oh and Tuscan meatloaf yeah that's Bob
what you thinking I think I think the
meatloaf looks really good yeah I feel
like I feel good yeah it just looks like
a like a hearty meal yeah I totally
screwed Mike that'd be a good dinner
meal yeah let's go down I'm doctor
Oh oh my god I love red potatoes are my
favorite that's your juggling skills how
do you juggle Hey the potatoes are
boiling and Andrea is over here prepping
the shallots
oh I mention you mince it Harvey happy
also enjoys cooking more enjoys the
scraps that we drop on floor
yeah oh yeah Oh hungry good at it
yeah just sound of meatloaf the sound of
a good dinner we're going to put the
green beans into the preheated oven
preheated to 425 as well as our meat
level
oh my god that all looks so good
okay so put set that over there
now the meatloaf is done love is ready I
like pepper okay we both love pepper
there's the meal is good we did a good
job
Tavi how is that is it really good I did
but you gotta try everything try the
potatoes I'm eating and the green beans
yeah yeah
little meatloaf never had a meatloaf
that wasn't like sliced into like
meatloaf looking pieces this is really
by the way they don't care if we say we
don't like a certain thing or like that
I'm genuinely telling you this is really
good I would order this in a restaurant
it's really good it was like props to us
also you know I mean I cooked it I've
been working out a lot and I'm supposed
to have a really balanced meal and they
do have this is good for me and good for
you
but they have a table yeah I'm Kate
hoping things you do they have a
dietician that like works with them in
every meal that they give is not only
like meant to be just like oh it tastes
good but every single meal is supposedly
like perfectly balanced if you guys want
to try on hellofresh I went ahead and
put a link in the description below so
you can check that out I also have a
promo code that'll get you thirty five
dollars off of your first order and that
is just Alex Mandel no spaces no
anything right right there that is that
is the the promo code right there so go
ahead check it out you guys can try it
it is I'm telling you it's definitely
worth it Pete is here mr. furious Pete
yeah and we made we made you a plate we
made you a plate each other so this is a
meatloaf yeah from scratch and bomb what
do you mean from scratch you actually
made this yeah we did I didn't know you
could cook
that actually Andrea did most of it but
but we both did it
it's actually super easy to make it how
is it good it's better than you thought
good day Elly beast here and the Furies
me furious Pete just enjoyed the Meat
Loaf's which made me want to also try to
meet you got to enjoy the meal oh so I'm
going to give you the first impression
that I feel and you're a meat eater I am
do you like the meat it tastes like it
has some saffron in there there's no
sample there's rosemary I don't disagree
with it I don't disagree good Alex man
good that's all I have to say can I go
to the bathroom
yeah I just have to test ok finish the
meatloaf first ok ellaby's just brought
a snack we were like wait I want to ask
I won't ask everybody do you guys want
to see how fast LEDs can eat a dozen raw
eggs with the show on so we can know we
can do like a burrito two burritos oh my
god we're not doing the coffee she eggs
no you can't do jail here I won't look
at gun pigs
Oh came from there he brought us right
now what I don't understand why this is
so pure oh wait oh pretty basically why
are you guys why old unless that's on
what is she again this is disgusting uh
yeah I'm gagging behind the camera the
shelves are really weird Angie I kind of
enjoyed the experience I enjoyed the
experience I would do it again I'm not
going to I think I think we should just
do a oh my god that's the last one of a
dozen eggs Wow why'd you do
there you go you're over here like
literally gagging yeah yeah after dinner
we decided we wanted to go out and do
something so we came to go bowling we
are at bolero yeah and even though
Alex's arm is still messed up I'm a
terrible left-handed yeah I don't know
how well I'm gonna do but I'll try but
it's gonna be fun to matter what you
gotta you gotta try left-handed too with
me maybe maybe maybe
my left hand I might throw back
Alex's first time left in bowling
hi you know you're gonna get your stride
on forget it I just have to get this
rhythm up left handy oh there it is Hey
no it's good go lefty
that was good you did better on your
first one that I did
I'm using my left eye look super Bo oh
how many there's three of their than
this
whatever I'm still trying I'm trying
okay I messed up because I was eating
and I didn't record it but he just
thought it strike oh yeah he got he got
it you were easy I'm sorry I know the
fries were really good they were so good
oh my god he's got two strikes in a row
fuck left me
Turkey
well that's three in a row No why am i
doing better left-handed
I care I'm going right
so close 9 149 ok let me look at those
source dearly Alex doesn't need me
sympathy so I'm going on my right hand
Andrea I'm so sorry you were filming
yeah I'm so sorry I'm so sorry anymore
he's like I got my
I'm not filming it
yes okay there we got it and then I got
the next one just it's the same yeah but
you did amazing okay guys well I think
that's all we got for you that was so
much fun you know that was so much fun I
don't know I don't even I sucked it
first and then think you're not really
really good I studied that handling but
you still did great
come on the left hand not not so much
your left hand I said I will be honest
not so much you left half that right
hand yeah hi hey buddy you tired you
just woke up you wish no someone sleep
me hi baby
anyways guys that is all that we got for
you for today not hope that you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon goodbye okay you ready
to make gummy soda yeah
yeah I think you feeling
