it's a new day today we are getting back
into the grind actually well I'm gonna
say you are I'm a little bit disabled at
the moment but today I have boxing
except I'm not doing it because I am
injured but that's won't stop her
missing arm because I'm missing an arm
but she's gonna do it and I'm gonna
support her I'm gonna be her cheerleader
that's I'm gonna vlog her I might die
today it's been a little while maybe but
hey she's gonna power through it yeah
check out check out what my bicep looks
like right now look at this this is my
bicep right now which is why I shouldn't
be doing this stuff so gnarly yeah I
think we can give you a give you a pass
on this one I appreciate
every time would you look good doing it
impressed I'm gonna go over to the gym
not to boxing but to the gym that I go
to just to like use the bike or
something that I can do so at least like
get some cardio and and not feel useless
but she's good probably sleep while I do
that you know that you know today's
gonna be a good day why you guys are
always asking where does Andrea liver
does she live at your apartment
no she does not live here and she
actually drives an hour every day just
to get here I have a very long commute I
live kind of on the outskirts of Los
Angeles yeah she does are it's too far
it's too far it's too far it's too much
yeah with that being said we have been
trying to find an apartment of her own
that she can live in that's close it's
close it's just more like any area of
things that I typically go to we were
looking at a bunch of different sites
and different areas to find different
apartments that are close by and one
that we've been using a lot which seems
to have the best features and to give us
the most information is illo we actually
were searching on Zillow loved it and I
tweeted them a question and we had been
talking back and forth and they thought
it would be a cool idea to start working
with us and sponsor the find and Riaan
apartment search Zillow has a bunch of
apps that this is their rental app which
is what I'm going for it's I'm not
looking to buy a place
and that's kind of a big things let's
put in Venice and this is really awesome
I know beforehand if it's gonna be my
price range or not I can go up here to
filter and let's bring it down to like
2000 I also put in heads aloud because I
want to get a dog when I move in I found
this one this one looks pretty cute in
my price range and still nice I love
this outside area there are so many
options we thought it would be so cool
for you guys to help me out
to make it easier on you guys I went
ahead and put the link to Zillow down in
the description below so you can go
ahead and click on that and it will take
you there if you go on there and you
find any options that you think are in
her price range which is about two
thousand dollars or less and it's in
like Santa Monica Venice area you can
email what you find
- Andrea apartment search at gmail.com
which we just made recently for this
five apartment search yes so whatever
you find just send it to Andrea
apartment search and we will see if you
guys could find the next place you live
it would be nice
I showed Alex this really cool YouTube
video I want to do it
when we decided that we wanted to try it
I want to do it and show you guys how to
do it look at this just using a few
ingredients this guy made a like a gummy
soda bottle like it looks like a coke
bottle but it's a gummy and I want to do
it but it's not a code it's as easy as
one two three to make it jelly
this is all you need to make it we went
out and just got like gelatin and/or
gelatine I'm gonna call it what what's
wrong what's wrong you know laughing fit
for no reason you cry Oh God what's the
fan clicking oh my god you actually like
a tear about to come out okay you ready
to make gummy soda
okay we just need a hundred milliliters
of water that's too much well there you
go
we got to move the coke now to that bowl
oh yeah stop laughing we gotta try to
carefully
Andrea take the label there you go
perfect now we need to make a little
slice ooh
why do you guys watch us we've got some
duct tape you got a seal where we just
cut it it's okay if it leaks a little
yeah see we have eight of these packets
of gelatin we're gonna add it to the
hundred milliliters of water seven and
eight ah it's gonna be a little hard to
mix that but you put it in for about a
minute
like a minute
it's stinky do it stinky ooh
mix it up mix it up we're gonna pour
this into here to make the agent for
true that's chunky chunky monkey oh you
have one job right now stop laughing
do it maybe when you mixed it like you
were whipping eggs we ended up making
two and this is the first one we made
another one cuz this one got a little
foamy and the second one we actually
scraped the foam off so it would all
look like an actual coke bottle I'll
just cut it a little bit
Oh like really such the bottle oh no
this is so bad
just show the same s it is not gonna
blow I think it matter to this point
Oh No well oh oh I think we really nail
that let's exactly like it tell you
about really static nailed it that looks
like a gummy soda soda bottle coke
bottle like a Pinterest fail we brought
out this one which already looks much
cleaner and better round two
this is right now if I was going to
record anyone I don't owe this just
flopped down under this look at this oh
my god just cut it right back perfect
pull it up
no no pull guys I bet you can't tell
that that's not a real trouble don't let
that break off yet
okay don't do it upside down Peter
definitely no now you just put this
label on just be very careful of the way
it's perfect
there's you kept for the Kappa I don't
stick it in it there now let's move this
so you can't tell and then we made a
perfect one you can't even tell that the
governor
oh now you really can't tell yeah if you
think we made the perfect gummy
coca-cola bottle throw us alike that is
all we have for today we really
perfected that I mean I'm so proud of us
so proud of it probably one of the
funniest things that you filled middle
what what the terrible perfect it's
perfect
anyways guys that is all that we got for
you for today so we hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
again soon
you're gonna have to close it up above
on the camera okay goodbye
