hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently at my parents house but I'm
not in Santa Monica and that's because
my dad invited me over here I keep my
trail bikes here and he doesn't know how
to ride a regular motorcycle nor does he
want to because he wants to blow my now
he hates that a ride but he loves the
trail bikes cuz they're not on the road
we're stupid drivers are so we're gonna
ride those I actually finished putting a
mic on my helmet and I found an old road
love mic lav mic vlog mic and I don't
know if you could see it yeah that
little fluffy thing it has it has a dead
cat on it so that the wind that comes
through the thing anyway I'll be saying
you actually use a dead cat kitten
because there's a little under the
helmet yeah yep so are you saying you
for the mini anyway so just for those of
you that aren't the most intelligent we
didn't actually kill a cat but we are
I'll be able to do my first motovlog but
it's not gonna be on a motorcycle it's
gonna be on the trail bikes so I'm gonna
hook up my GoPro rig and the mic and be
good to go which one do you want you
could take the moon one I like this cuz
grey it's grey I don't know okay
you know why turn your running switch on
yeah the top button yeah I think one
take this way oh this is rock
hopefully he doesn't fall
oh my god don't mention I'm bouncing
everywhere
honey I'm trail bikes and Oh suspension
I actually normally go up that cuz I
like flying up those little hills but
going down them it's fun too
my dad did well he used to have one of
these when he was young so he's pretty
good
here follow me
I love it in my parents neighborhood
they have all these areas all these
trails that you could take
okay let go
and you're fun dude this one's actually
smooth so I don't even need the
suspension however how my groom would
handle through this
let's see if there's their bags here now
we could take this
about it
let's go back up that first area and
sliding all around
okay so
I've split out here before to cuz some
of this dirt can be sandy let's go
we're going all the way up
I don't know if we can make it all the
way up this other hill
he's gonna try wait till you guys see
this hill
no way cat oh god okay
oh you're gay yeah I said you were brave
because it's so slippery of you wait
pick it up it's leaking
oh my god hey he's good he's laughing I
said good good you're laughing I said I
was like I know here I was like I don't
know how he's gonna take this Hill this
Hills pretty crazy yeah when are you
gonna have to get down it yes okay okay
but you said it's winter out it's all
over yeah I said what you said I heard
you talk why didn't you tell me that
it's harder on the hill a steep hill
well it's just loose we don't have not
for those trail bikes like for a dirt
bike that way he'll would have been
nothing this is the wrong kind of bike
to take on that hill
yeah when were you gonna tell me if I
had an intercom that can connect you the
only thing as I was the only one with a
earpiece but you know that there's hills
there why because we wouldn't have had
such a great blog my mom was laughing
really hard we just showed her this the
video from the GoPro also on a side note
how was the setup did the mic sound okay
to you guys did you like it was the
picture okay like I've told you guys in
the past I had to mount the GoPro on the
side I think it's kind of cool to see
that the face shield though but it's cuz
doesn't have anything really to mount it
on here but let me know if you like the
quality of it what are you guys watching
you while you ever watches you
I like portal
Riley
go ahead go ahead do that
I just wanted to film her eat she
doesn't want to go get ready with 12 the
food looks good as you know oh that's
awesome yeah I thought you were making a
joke because these are the same thing I
want to show you guys something we had a
fight he hold it
but it's good though for this for life
you're not happy mob thought it was
funny
no really the physical therapist called
him stupid he's dumb for not telling me
you know these mics aren't good on Hills
they fly if it was a dirt bike you I
told you that well you're definitely a
mother and I'm not a parent yet you like
Harvey's water bowl you could share it
if you wanted there's a girl tricky on
your water bowl what what no he says no
it's okay she's done how was your day
how was your day
yeah
I'm pretty sorry oh my gosh hello hello
so it was only like 50 minutes which is
pretty much how long it takes to get
anywhere I like
yeah the weekends are the best time to
do those drives well I have something
funny to show you because my dad ate
shit on your trail bike I know this one
what so I'll show you anyways guys we
entry and I have a long day tomorrow
with a cool vlog that we're doing for
you guys so I gotta move end it here so
that I can edit this whole thing get it
done get it out and all that stuff but
remember let me know what you thought of
that
if in some of the clips you saw my like
it looked like it was facing down a
little I think when I'm on the dirt I
was looking to see what I was gonna hit
so maybe next time we do trail bikes or
something I'll turn the camera a little
bit up but other than that I think the
footage looks great and I'm it's
bittersweet what happened my dad cuz
it's funny footage but of course I never
want anything bad to happen but I hope
you guys enjoyed watching that is all I
got for you and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
