hey guys it's a new day today isn't it
eh oh you were good and we learning with
mirror yeah a bunch of healthy what
about this mask yeah yeah I said here to
make sure that I edited yesterday's vlog
to get it up so it is currently
exporting right now she went for a run
and you look good
I feel so good I mean the appearance
that she worked hard and then she did
that is a good luck I think yeah good
you're gonna have fun day
yeah this gonna be a lot of fun hey it's
gonna be a good day why because it
always is always is for what we want to
do today we're gonna need this thing
right now Matt is driving around trying
to figure out where we're gonna try to
do this in the razor trying to find a
spot on the creek that we can get this
done but we got this Anna
we're gonna see if we can figure this
out crazy down there we could get there
now so I'm gonna go back and walk that
Creek and see if there's a shallow side
of it that we can drive down the water
is perfect down there we just can't get
there open it up or what is time we
figured it out kind of so we're just
gonna do a little trial and error yep
it's time to get in the creek so we are
on to the GoPro so that waterproof yeah
Oh almost kicked you in the nuts should
we be worried about anything in this
water Giardia
moccasin water moccasins slightly
venomous snakes holy well andrew is the
lowest right now so
you refilling the creek down swim down
Andrea what are you doing are you really
yeah okay it is it is flowing that way
you're right oh oh shake it off he did
if you haven't guessed it by now we are
using the razor to tow a kneeboard start
it up
got it
where is everyone cooter what are you
doing in my truck Neffe Andrea what what
would Alex think where is Alex
he's right here I'm cool with it
I don't know if I'm just gonna teleport
right here there's a lot of things you
could all right anyway we got pizza
I am celebrating a good day and our last
night here in Texas Oh Matt yeah yeah
I'm really happy that worked out today
that was just like seriously an idea I
was like that just sounds cool and we
were thinking about it we really wanted
to make it happen before we left
and I'm so happy we did I I kind of like
it sucked because I was like oh my god I
hurt my arm how am I gonna do this well
there was no way I wasn't gonna try I
was like and have powered through it
yeah what they don't see is how hard it
was to get that razor down there we're
like go down a cliff to get it down
there which it almost didn't happen
because it couldn't get the vehicle into
the creek we didn't know if it was gonna
work it probably took like two hours to
try to get that thing down there yeah
and then and then it was like getting
stuck they film me cutting down trees
with a salt with a hand soft I didn't
bring my chainsaw it sounds like either
David Avenue I was cutting down trees or
like this thick so we can make paths to
get down the cliff down there wait like
on trees
Oh before you doing just pry on her
phone snapchatting for every like that
this video gets Matt is gonna plant a
new tree see if it works
yeah I might not be able to use
Washington
I hate these round do you gonna buy the
washington the extra sleep nailed it
now can you lo are you think boo Texas
oh okay write down better let up you
have your public technology
okay this guy is not everyone okay no
gay okay
she righty
that's good are you hurting you look
like you're in a lot of pain I just
hired him raise it up do you sign next
to my look here don't mess this up and
yoga pose a job you like right lazy
today or next your name oh yeah that'd
be cool so this would be any youtubers
are actually any big social celebrities
Clicquot be any social network here
people who come to our house week to
sign this I almost forgot something what
this there's there's big news
there's hugest pregnant mmm
no Mara made an Instagram Oh
but where can they find that Instagram
their character I'm gonna put it right
on the screen it's like it's to see guys
it's right there it's right there so
make sure you go follow her because
there was like two days of trying to
figure out what she was gonna make her
Instagram so now that she has a name my
name there is an endosome oh yeah they
start on the screen so make sure you go
blow up our Instagram this isn't this
kitty she's the best kitty hi miss kitty
oh look how nice she is
she wouldn't attack you dose would she
we have this paintball gun that we want
to take back with us but we have a whole
tank we have the compressed air tank
that we cannot fly with we already took
off the stock on here yeah but I think
we just have to let the air completely
run out of that compressed air tank so
we can fly with it so we're gonna have
some fun with it
before we go
you
ya hear that trash can out there no go
for it
well that's the way to I Knight has
power do I close oh you have a pull
there you go oh good job do it firing
you might be out yeah yeah I think so
you're just so sexy a little just happen
well this actually this is a very happy
ending and a very sad ending at the same
time because we even had such an amazing
time been great thank you so much for
having us and showing us an amazing time
that we can never have in LA again try
to we will try you say we set the bar
high on what we need to try and give you
did here in LA we'll all get felonies
probably so yeah maybe it's ours like
some other stuff to do do for the blog
yeah anyways we are on our way out we
got a head drop off the rental car and
get everything go to the airport all
stuff like that so we got to get out of
here I'm sure they're probably happy to
get us out here a little bits like
bittersweet like okay yeah now we can
relax and we could relax everyone can
relax yeah everyone you relax
a long week an amazing long week I want
to know what your favorite part of the
week was so comment below and let me
know what you liked the most and on that
note I think it's bringing everything
guys Britain oh ok we're all huggy ant
Oh see you guys give you and goodbye
so the people in the comments have
requested something what have they been
requesting they want me to shoot a
certain gun and Who am I to deny the
people show them the round round oh yeah
