hey guys it's a new day today and we
were we are at a shooting range
yeah an indoor one indoor when we ran
what with some friends sorry for yelling
yeah Matt actually just got a new car
way up and nice first time shooting the
Kriss vector this is the first time ever
shot this yeah yeah it's chambered in 45
and it's cool because it doesn't take
much for five pretty neat
who here has never shot screw sir I
don't know where I hit should make a
you've never shot Nick you've never shot
yeah
shooting a nine millimeter ready what
are you giving adrianel this is a
Springfield is they just call the SOCOM
16 so come to so come to go to get but
that 16 inch barrel
308 you're good to go
go again see the lights up here that
light went out flickering and died it's
really the little baffle to discreetly
so it's a simulation with the laser gun
you shot a person yeah I think so two
people
yeah you put around like Mayan legend
zombies okay
yeah like have it like really come at me
and nobody ever stress I'm gonna freak
out headshot yeah
all right this one's the crazy
girlfriend you got this Alex with the
night sorry
put it down put it down bitch I wish you
gotta write it professionally yeah that
is the that would have been the time as
an officer to actually employ dude yeah
yeah I shot yes look at that killed me
right in the end anyway we just got to
Jillian ranch and now we're gonna do is
something else here but before we start
doing that I told Alex that we should
just get this out of the way so he
doesn't have to keep trying to hide it
somebody hurt themselves we were
shooting a video and and he hurt himself
a little bit that's what happens
devilish rancher I hurt myself and it
wasn't that bad I actually thought that
my arm was kind of sore and I didn't
know what had happened in yesterday's
vlog you guys saw that we went to top
golf and I was sore they were like maybe
you shouldn't play like don't do that I
was like I could like push through
soreness so I swung the club any times
eight times and I was like oh my god
getting more sore and then the last
swing I felt it tear up my bicep so he
was knocked out for pretty much the rest
of the night he was trying to hide it
but he's gonna hurt himself he keeps
taking off his sling so that you guys
don't think that he's hurt so I made him
you guys see it he hurt himself and what
happens when you hurt yourself take it
easy you have to take it easy and try to
fix yourself she takes care of me I told
her I said I promised her I would listen
to her she told me I shouldn't do
certain things I'll listen to you yeah
he's going to so the people in the
comments have requested something what
have they been requesting they want me
to shoot a certain gun and Who am I to
deny the people show them the round
round oh yeah so if you guys haven't
guessed already
she's shooting a 50 since we don't have
your pickup here I have my rental car
and so we just put a towel down on the
top and we're gonna be shooting it are
you from the top of the rental car I
guess this poor little buggers about to
get a rude awakening okay you ready
I'm sure I don't know it just a oh yeah
whoo
you did it this niggas warm oh good
catch kids you just make it fun it is
hot
what'd you think oh not as scary as I
thought it was going to be was loud
though but it was fun it was fun duolan
he's still not into it
Oh oh that guy's a dick man
sorry dozer to Z closer oh you just want
some lovin
oh no I love you cool
I'm gonna die I'll flip probably look at
how dirty it is on the bottom are cool I
mean usually you need shallow water oh I
don't get a fly at me it hit right here
I'm afraid that flat at Mizzou
I honestly thought that the being in the
pool would kind of like make my arm
float and feel better
but it is like burning unbox it's so
sore
nah just dodging it it's like sore all
the way up into my shoulder I don't know
what it is when I have it in a sling for
a little while it feels it starts to
feel like almost perfect which is weird
and then as soon as it's out of the
sling for like 10-15 minutes it starts
to get sore more sore and more sore
right now it is like I can't straight my
arm past that it's like locking up and
it's so sorry I think I gotta go put the
sling bag on how's your arm Alex it
hurts so bad
what'd you do did you go swimming yeah
yeah like I was literally like flailing
my arms and pull it felt good it feels
good once I wear this now I can't I like
can't even close my hand I haven't so
much pain right now it's crazy earlier
in the vlog you said you know you're
gonna take it easy I know I didn't I
should listen to you I'm gonna listen to
sorry it's okay I'm sure so time is fun
I'm kind of jealous that I wasn't there
I was taking a nap I was I was dealing
with some Instagram pictures well yeah
now we can go to bed and you can sleep
it off we'll be all good for tomorrow
right yeah
oh hey okay guys well I think that's all
we got for you for today that's been
yeah how'd you like that 50 Cal I mean
it was awesome
I'm proud of myself for shooting it I'm
proud of you for shooting it loud it is
our last day here we're leaving tomorrow
but we have one more vlog for you today
that we're gonna get done yeah this is
one stuff we're gonna do some fun stuff
I don't know how much I could do but but
we're gonna try to try or is it figure
something out and uh make it happen make
it work on that note we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye but she dropped her arms we go
you
