hello okay hey guys it's a new day today
is a new day and and what are we doing
we do another but we're doing something
fun first first that's fun we're
shopping for you yes the first thing we
have to do because I did hack now all
appropriately it's just I don't have
stuff for Texas I have no pairs of
shorts all I wear jeans isn't that not
packing appropriately I don't own them
so I could Oh Julie not my fault but we
are here Carla Schneider but we are
getting her some clothes yes I need to
buy some clothes and then and then we
could go get some fun stuff you really
it's a yes daddy what we're getting and
it's gonna be a good day yeah why
because it always is
yeah switching roles here yeah we are
now here with their family as well as we
are in a really cool wood shop check
this out they're working on something
custom for this for the YouTuber
apartment yep he got we want to make
something that all the youtubers or
whoever comes and stays with us can sign
yeah just uh to have a collection of all
those all these famous people like Alex
and Andrea yeah so famous and we're
gonna get Andy to sign it yeah since you
are a newfound YouTube star actually the
funny thing was is he was telling me
about another the other video did with
the spoon yeah and I was like wait a
second I know that video I've already
seen it before he said anything it was
big it was big he was like I just
watched that video yeah I did it's
really cool you know I'm gonna put a
link to that spoon Rio down in the
description so you guys could see what
we're talking about it is a cool video
he has munching oh here's a bunch of
cool things are here he's working on
this really cool piece here and so that
this has been like 80 it's like an 80
hour project so that'll be really cool
that's pretty fun
it's probably like maybe a ladder that's
pretty hot this is the final product
right here super super cool and super
quick that's quick
Matt oh of course right yeah yeah he
branded it right here and signed it's a
week we gotta sign it now but we were
good yeah we got to think about it we
are back at the place now I got to show
you guys what we plot but before I show
you anything I've say man tree looks
super like badass girl right now she
just changed cuz we're about to shoot
something really cool that you guys see
in a second
putting this those boots yeah it's tough
right you have those tactical boots yes
that's exactly the look look pick up
pick up the desert eagle yeah it's it's
that look right there it is ridiculous
what we're about to do we actually
cannot use a real good because it would
be way too dangerous as you guys will
see why but we did get something else
that I think is gonna be just as fun yes
yes I think so too I'm excited yeah me
too we got ourself one of these and it
looks like a real gun but it is actually
I think okay yeah see that's where the
tank goes we got the tank here and the
paintballs and actually eject the
magazine yeah this one's cool it
actually has this yeah which holds yet
holds nine paintballs in there we have
two of those magazines or you can hook a
hopper right here so you can have a
bunch of them what is this this is it's
actually called at Polaris RZR or Zr
it's not mine it's owned by another
youtuber lunker's TV he dropped it off
with me I've kept it for a couple weeks
and I think I've another couple weeks to
keep it but it's an off-road dune buggy
type thing that goes really
fast 1000/0
it's crazy we go for ride all right
yeah I'm ready
I'm so excited wants to be my turn
you ready to go oh I'm sorry hey so
ready got that GoPro get out of here
we are doing something crazy with this
this is gonna be it is a challenge to
gain right pretty much so it's its
target practice so what we are doing
yeomen for ya we are gonna be shooting
while we're driving which is why we
don't want to use real guns we do want
to we just know we shouldn't yeah we
know we shouldn't we decided to make
some targets for this game and I thought
that we thought it would be very fitting
to have our terrible faces on it we have
Matt here the printer kind of started a
round of ink a little bit mayor who
looks really good and that one this
chair out here you have to drive to the
outside of that chair and when you hit
that target then you're ready to move on
to the next target how many targets for
them we have four total okay so we have
four targets we move on to the next one
when we get to the final target which is
Matt's face also known as the big boss
then you got to do two to the body one
to the head as soon as you do that the
timer stops and we are going for time
yep going as fast as we can the teams
are California versus Texas
we gotta wait but she drops her arms we
go
you
makeout time my turn to shoot and he's
trying to drive go
you
I'm ready go
you
you
I kind of messed up with mer I was
trying to go really fast to get a better
time and just with charring her all
around
this camera is adjusting so it looks
light on your deal
it's really not I was just telling Alex
I've never played paintball before this
the first time I've ever actually shot
one so therefore I've never been hit by
one and I think that Alex should shoot
me but he won't do it I don't want to
shoot her I know she's not gonna get
hurt and I know she's super tough but
you guys seem to treat her like she's
some delicate flower delicate flower
no like when I when I push on the bush
she thought it was so funny and you guys
branded me as abusive and then I'm gonna
shoot Meredith so if I do it this is
because you are as if yes this because I
want to be shot with me this
conversation happened off vlog like of
me saying like I do not want to do it
this is not something I want to do but
but what I want is more important out of
respect for her you guys don't treat her
like she's some delicate flower this is
something she wants out of respect for
me where you gonna shoot her where do
you want it well how about of it help I
the motion had an area like we but great
most shoot you but just try it
three oh wait no it's such a good shot
though you right there right where I
want to show that bruise oh okay
so good see I mean I was a good shot
it's a really good shot oh we do one
more I just want to hit like here
oh well let me see that
punch on the camera yeah oh it hurts hey
put that aim Dino
she's not girly up yeah that killed it I
was fun like genuinely really impressed
by you right now I'm impressed by me to
know if I'm gonna be totally honest I'm
impressed by you
tummy tuck shit the gun is good okay
anyways we oh oh I hit your hand oh
we're doing something super fun tonight
we actually did it the other night but I
didn't have my blog cameras we didn't
vlog it and it is a place called TopGolf
which is it's like going bowling but
it's it's golfing I'll show you exactly
what it is
let's get in there oh you guys just come
out yes we did is it fucking everybody
yeah go dear great really a new created
but I have a baby
thank the Lord well fun it it is and we
had so much fun the people are gonna see
that
anyway we we actually got in contact
with TopGolf on on twitter the TopGolf
San Antonio and they were like you guys
should come back while you're here so
we're like but yeah any excuse to come
back here we will so we're back so we're
back and I'm about to kill it you guys
ready to go in watch out you guys ready
to go in hey that's the what oh oh we
definitely need one of these in LA
oh god come to LA Oh
for you I think where you do
yeah I'll give you a little rundown of
how this works just like bowling you can
pick between different names we'll go to
Matt you pick any one that you want he's
got this scan that
now comes the ball each ball has a chip
in it so that it knows which ball you
get all of those different holes are
different scores depending on the game
you're playing and it knows when your
ball goes into one of those oh that
going for white oh it's in the light HP
boy XD boy
I don't think so
either but I'm gonna spare my party
oh is it going in green
yeah here you go 12 points and I'm
totally hooked it up with all this loot
here
thank you so much we are now into the
next day how's your ass feeling yeah oh
yeah you enjoy being shot by paper homes
that I have to hold my butt when i go
upstairs because if it jiggles painfully
jiggling painfully jiggly let's see it
lets see it
yeah you have to it's so bad look at
this oh okay so that being said yeah I
get this to myself so do not get mad at
Alex for anything that he doesn't know
you made me do this ever
exactly I did and honestly she actually
like feels disrespected with you guys to
say that anyone that any guy is like
hurting her side that she's like that
why do they think that I can't handle it
why can't I do what you guys do it's so
annoying I hate I really generated so
much I can't take it okay okay guys well
on that note that is all we got for you
for today it's a pretty long vlog for us
but jam-packed with so much fun so I
hope you guys enjoyed it yeah you guys
need a long one today
yeah and we got some fun stuff coming up
still that we haven't done yet yeah we
so more some more stuff the best forever
I know it's so much fun
so we will see you guys again soon
goodbye
sigh hit it suck it
yep
there goes
