good morning Oh Andrea is oh no no no no
more no more
I'll and I know you're in my ear ah
strong egg oh yes way to start our day I
guess so don't worry everybody
oh oh you mean to the boy yeah kinda hey
guys it's a new day today wanting to be
well I'm suggesting today is already
starting off to be good day it's gonna
be a fantastic day it's a great morning
for me it's don't worry everybody
it's everywhere look none of its on my
side though it's on my side I know but
it's not on my side so take a show I was
telling Matt that I asked him if he if
he's ever done because I know you've
blown a lot of stuff up
yes but because where I live is very dry
and it's always fire season we can't do
anything that blows up with fire because
we'll cause we're having same here
pretty much yeah although I don't leave
a lot of remaining yesterday but even
still I asked who's ever done like I
don't typically use Drano but they call
it a trade oh bomb and he was like I've
never actually made one so I want always
want to get a look at this one look at
that's a creeper back there he's wanted
to try it and I said let's go to Home
Depot cuz I can go that's where I get
the stuff that I used to make it and
let's do some of your backyard sounds
like a plan wait is
that's just the way these Home Depot
where a kid could be a kid
yeah but we don't get stuff to go right
let me just be clear this was my idea
it's gonna fit I think you can go down I
think you need to get both both at the
same time now the quads go through extra
points if you push her through the
checkout like this
yeah this guy's not gonna think it's
funny at all she's only two years old so
the great thing love this is my full
control
I hope so I'll be here with you no cars
go you know this actually turned out to
be not that difficult it's nothing
oh don't break your ankle yeah don't
fall in the hydrochloric acid oh we got
all the stuff would you do right now
we're gonna make the acid water solution
to kind of dilute it a little bit so
this is just water she's pointing which
is why there's no protective gear or
anything like that and then we're gonna
get to some high acid and mix that in
I'm gonna say this right now do not try
this at home don't try this ever now we
were working with the acid actually
Andrea is gonna work with the acid so
she's got a protection that to prevent
from splashing in her eyes and special
gloves
it used to be safe yeah and we're yes we
are using a liquor bottle but that's
just cause it's glassy asleep washed out
yeah yeah smoking yeah it is oh don't
breathe that don't breathe that yeah oh
it kind of like its power went out is
that the acids so powerful trying to
breathe that stuff you think's not good
thing Andrew didn't do this some of you
smartypants people viewers who have done
this before by like why don't you just
use something like the toilet bowl
cleaner like the works like this well
the reason we don't is because we
actually tried it which is why I have it
and we didn't realize that nor to
prevent people from doing this because
it's so stupid I mean I'm doing exactly
what we're going to remember will do
exactly what we're doing they lowered
the percentage of the hydrogen chloride
from like 20 percent down to nine point
nine which is way too low for any
reaction
and so we had to work with high acids uh
you have never seen one of these
never so I've seen them in videos videos
I've never seen one in person so nervous
I'm excited and you're gonna film it
with your drone out there your new drone
got a new drone you make a bartender
badass by yeah like a like a mad
scientist bartender
Andrea's going to set this up and she's
gonna come back
you'll be fine
that's it about tight we spin back I see
it
yeah
haha yeah
I was cool yeah all right that was
actually a really small bottle we have
company sizes we got three more sizes
yeah that was like a little one we go
all the way up to a three liter that
one's gonna grow huge
here goes
you can seriously feel it like boom on
your chest right guts it's gonna make
our let's go those other ones you could
still feel the force but we are moving
up to a two-liter now like a lot bigger
it's a lot bigger than last one
whoa that'd be cool slow
rather than retrying that 2-litre
cuz I mean I know you guys probably on
the same way let's just move on to this
gigantic 3 liter this thing is gonna go
boom
Oh
oh no no stop maybe not put it up in we
didn't put a little tinfoil I think
we're gonna have to shoot it so we had
to do a little improvise okay yeah none
of us want to go over there and get it
well it is just a pressure bomb of acid
and go for it
yeah you got it that would be a cool
ending but I know that if I was watching
this video I would really want to see it
actually go boom from the explosion so
we dug through the trash we happen to
have a barbecue last night and have some
keeping some dripping wet diaper on top
of this of this rat yes that's not
vegetable juice that's good you're in
anyways we're gonna see if this enough
tip wall and let's just see if we can
actually get that three liter to go boom
alex is gonna set this one up like not
like I was having all the fun
you
so is that everything you've gotten more
pretty crazy
I would not want that exploding next to
me yeah and I'm pretty sure it already
has killed my grass it's like as soon as
they blow up it was like a yeah circle
that is like shrivel up grass like
within seconds of that asking me to come
over so thanks for that Alex really well
I'm just gonna fuck ya for y'all's blog
vlog anyway we'll take you to dinner but
this camera is actually about to die I
gotta go charge up this battery so we
can finish out this vlog but we're just
gonna go probably keep it low-key
go grab some dinner well that's all we
got for you for today it was quite a day
yeah I'm tired I know I'm tired too I'm
so tired I think I think we got to go to
bed but this has been such a like we
party had such a productive trip I know
every day we're doing style for him such
a good time so much fun we get to bring
you guys along with us I hope you guys
it
no how you liking this cuz we're having
so much fun and I just I really hope you
guys are too yeah and let us know if you
want to see something - all were here
for swimming yeah there's nothing sister
that you want to see please let us know
and we'll try to you know try don't try
to get done try to get everything you
guys want to see as many stuff we want
to do yeah the rust can be a little
something yeah
but anyways guys that's all we got so we
will see you guys again soon goodbye
are you ready
you bag
