hey guys it's a new later
we're in a plane I'm not gonna say why
yet
let us say where we're going clearly
were in a plane we're going somewhere
but today is going to be a good day
it's my first day back on the hog oh
that's that's true but also a selection
with light rights and rights
Coffee a famous beer
we have arrived we made it here I don't
know if I'm blocking it so our hands are
super full with likes - guys we got a
bunch of stuff everywhere
and yeah now we're about to go get a
rental car it's a good rental car and
then you guys will find out where we are
soon in just a minute in a minute ooh we
are here we have arrived and I think I
see you see them I see that them yep
like I said I see them - we go hello
there they are there Z we've just been
saying day them we haven't said anything
we didn't want to give it away
yes get you high most importantly off
the ranch exactly yeah cuz this is not
demolition ranch right now nope not
Malheur so the cat is out of the bag
well yeah we what we're in Texas State
in the US hey this is this is my wife
mayor some of you may not know her
unless you watch our vlogs but she's a
big part yeah he is a vlogger now he is
a blogger he has joined the the it's
really weird right it is strange right I
like it good look they get to peer into
our lives no you guys are watching
everything huh what do you think she's
talking crap about yeah yeah yeah
Andrea no oh we brought Matt and his
wife a little gift so I know that in
Texas you kind of wear the same kind of
thing but they're usually bent brims but
in LA we have flat ones so we got you
both a team hats in case you want to
rock our stuff I actually felt bad for
you guys um because I was like man they
don't know that you can't wear these in
Texas look silly no no you can't wear
them in Texas I mean not if you want to
be cool really oh no you bend it a
little bit you know
I got it too tight you probably too
tight there yeah that's totally fine
laughing it nothing no I think that
totally works right tell them that it
works yeah put your camera around cycnus
okay well I like it I think you look
better with it back yeah I don't think I
yeah that's right backwards step
backwards oh yeah are you kidding that
work side there yeah with a flat brim
like that I like what are these end ones
that like the cheddar jalapeno pain you
know yeah I got it right I think so
looks good put some you hungry sly wine
some fly wine this is still in it you
take the fly out and still drinking it
we're gonna let the good wine go to
waste
yeah nation can you do fast yeah how
fast I should try it
I feel really a car break is Wade out
you guys got to see that we're where we
are saying you have made tonight you
have made like a youtuber apartments the
youtubers sweet it's the youtubers sweet
if you come stay tuned I'll show this to
our viewers on the blog yet this is the
first time it's made the Internet
this is okay let's just like look I'm
walking in I'm walking up the stairs
here yes
it's upstairs walk it in yeah so you
give here you
yeah it sounds like a kitchen it's
pretty much we don't even need to see
you for the rest of the week Marilyn's
all she did all this today
kids at school I 7:30
I figured that like well she bought you
a toaster this is uses it's got
everything a full full bathroom in here
really nice one yet candles going
already
there came over bath one yeah and then a
vet this is going can I show you my
favorite part of this room we got a
little bitty fan Oh missed it with the
Campanile Lincoln come up here and jump
on the bed she likes little things I got
a show last time I came I brought a
couple guns with me so I had to bring
some this time and I let it yeah I let
you pick which one's your favorite hey
good open it up open open open
appreciate all you've lost okay so I
didn't have this one I don't have a
custom Pelican case for this it's just
the case it came in so the locks that I
had for the other ones didn't fit so I
had to find some lost last minute and I
couldn't find any combination locks I
had to literally get four key open locks
there's four keys we matched the some
sharpies yeah what broken numbers on the
locks and numbers on the keys so we do
though one of them is missing
yeah good already I know good Sean what
we got hey it's a phone oh oh it came
out of the top part weird yes look at
that we brought
the Kriss vector I mean I also brought
because I love you know but Matt
actually has the same exact 50 AE Desert
Eagle in this two-tone burr bronze and
black amazingness amazingness
maybe a little dual wield them this week
I don't know just boom boom boom that
would be awesome okay would you guys
want to see that what I know you love
that one
I do you know for all the experience I
have a shooting gun why does it say
flash off and everything just right
there oh I always try to look to go
accord sorry
play that footage back later that's
gonna be late it said something on the
screen so I was like looking down and I
was like really good anyways got it yes
that's all that is all that we got me
for today it is a little there's not too
much that went on today because it is a
travel vlog well we went and we had to
fly out here today and everything but we
are going to have an amazing week that I
hope you guys are excited for yes I know
maybe just I'm super excited probably
hopefully is maybe just as exciting for
you guys I think it will be so on that
note we will see you guys again soon
goodbye
Oh
