hey guys it's a new day today and you
guys seem to love that water balloon
toss out of my window I mean I loved it
too that was awesome I was afraid that
you guys weren't gonna like it as much
as you did but it is killing it so much
so I put a cup of it on my Facebook page
and that did over it didn't like
probably 7 million views in under 24
hours or about 24 hours which is
absolutely nuts I've never had a video
do that on Facebook so with that being
said I have another idea
I am going to build I mean that at least
attempt to build an app controlled
pneumatic cannon yeah like an air cannon
but controlled my iPhone I went out and
got some PVC piping I mean it's really
tall definitely have to cut that down
some parts I think I'll need I don't
really have plans for this I'm just
going off what I think is gonna work cuz
I've made combustion cans before I've
never made a pneumatic cannon so let's
just get to it see if we can make this
work
perfect as you can see we're losing some
light and we probably aren't gonna use
this tonight I've been driving around
trying to find all these parts like this
tire valve and everything like that so
I'm gonna put it all together and we'll
probably have to use it tomorrow but
right now we're gonna make sure that we
glue everything so everything's dried
and ready to go
slide this on here now this is actually
quick-dry so it's this will be dry in
about two hours this right here this is
what we just glued this is the pressure
chamber so that's gonna go directly in
connected to this valve here that's
what's called a solenoid valve this is
where I wanted to make this into an app
control valve a solenoid valve has a
spring in it and when there's an
electric current that flows through it
that that Logan's I mean like right away
and when there's no electric current
cuts so I'll show you how I make this
app controller this is like usually what
you'd find your control sprinklers and
so it can open from water or air or
anything but I took an old extension
cord here and I cut the extension cord I
soldered the wires I wrapped it with
electrical tape so that I wouldn't get
shocked and then I plugged it into one
of these this is like an app controlled
AC adapter thing this is not sponsored
by the way this is just out of I happen
to have this and so that's why it's a
little so on here it has the we Mon
switch I could rename that to whatever I
want like I'll probably name it to can
and go boom or something but anyway when
I push power on here you can hear the
valve opens though see open closed open
we are now into a new day let's see if
it'll hold the air come on pump it up so
far I'm not hearing a leak take this out
and then only one way to find out I'm
just gonna plug this into under here
whoa it works oh my god I cut down a
piece of one-inch PVC pipe as you can
see it's the same length as the barrel
up into that black tape right there so
in order to put flour and flour will
flow all the way to the valve and clog
it sweet wanting so you put a little bit
of paper towel I mean since it's gonna
be aimed at a person probably no more
than 50 psi I was gonna hide a little
more but as you can see the pipe just
being against there or the barrel I
should say just being against this
little wall is you can barely even
notice it just looks like a normal
plumbing pipe just going into the plants
the only way you could see the whole
cannon is from like an aerial view if
you were looking down I called my friend
max and told him that I wanted to shoot
a video he doesn't realise what the
video is going to be but he is on his
way over here right now to my place and
I got my buddy Seth here and he's gonna
actually film it for me so that I don't
screw up on the app so I could control
it but I hope that my idea even works
I'm gonna tell him that I hit a key in
the plants so that he can try to find it
I don't want him to look for too long
because there is a cannon in there but
we'll see how it goes he can't see that
because it's in the plant so he can only
see the end part of it
thank God I was like wait a little bit I
got the F ready so I just need to push
it hey hey actually I can't open up the
door for some reason I'm here but I left
a key you know that spinny thing by the
plants if you just go back there I put a
key right behind the wall if you just
grab it okay by the way yeah I'll let
you in just pull me on the buzzer yeah
that's perfect
it's like everywhere blank
my hope is oh no one's ever get a lot of
come over here well hey let's go that
mean anybody I taste it I was like what
I did know in a way yeah I should be
played sugar that we've been better
right now looks like this
yeah well guys I hope you guys enjoyed
that I think it turned out even better
than I thought it would max was a super
good sport about it I mean I still got
flour on me too
anyway if you like that kind of stuff if
you like these kinds of videos please
let me know down the comments below and
show me with a thumbs up with a like and
I will see you guys again soon goodbye
