hey guys it's a new day today
and I am excited for today I will tell
you right off the bat that today it's
gonna be a good day why because it
always is in case you haven't seen my
vlog called should I water balloon a
stranger
check out this promise that I made you
guys I'm right at the edge of the street
like right by the sidewalk
and you know right out I'm just gonna
say I don't have to be an asshole we can
all be the asshole together because I'm
gonna say if this vlog gets 5,000 likes
I will take this water balloon wait for
an unsuspecting stranger and yes I
seriously mean a stranger because
there's a lot of people that walk down
this street and I'll just take this
water balloon and throw it on sidewalk
we could all be assholes together oh and
would you look at that look at the light
count look at it so guess what today we
are gonna be assholes I know that you
guys are probably gonna want to dislike
this because it's an asshole move but
remember that you guys are the ones that
made me do this it was your likes that
that make this happen I know what you're
thinking would I jump off a bridge for
5,000 likes no I'd probably be like
50,000 50,000 likes that would jump off
a bridge we're filling up balloons I
probably won't make it first throw so
I'm filling up a bunch just in case we
are down in the street now I'm with Jake
and my buddy Seth and we're trying to
figure out the best place to place
cameras and we're I'm gonna throw and
everything we did a couple test throws
I'm trying to use this tree is like a
marker so I accidentally hit one there
and one in the grass I need to hit as
like someone walks by Seth is actually
gonna be on his phone right so that you
can tell me when there's someone good
walking Street okay Seth is gonna set up
the GoPro session right here and it's
like a really small GoPro so you can't
see so you don't get there so and then
that's aiming here so we can have
another angle I've already tried to hit
so many people it is soaked down there
and I cannot hit anyone perfect
oh my god like a cube I was so scared
that I was not gonna hit anyone because
it tooks if you saw how wet it was down
at the sidewalk I tried plenty of times
people just like look up like what the
hell and I would still hide but we
didn't hit anyone finally perfect I mean
I'm not gonna lie I did try to aim for
the guys and happen it that girl but
they seem to be good sports they
actually walked away laughing so I don't
feel that terrible I don't feel like
that much of an asshole but it was still
funny I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching this was for you guys for me
too I enjoyed it we could all be
assholes together that's all you're
gonna get for today though I'm not doing
a full volley I don't have so much
content but I hope you guys enjoyed this
anyway please give this a thumbs up you
guys showed me so much love and giving
this likes to make this happen why not
make this one just great cuz you mean
you got to battle the people who aren't
going to have a sense of humor and
dislike it too so like this video and
thank you guys so much for watching I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye last time I did a storytime you
guys seem to really love it so I got
another story for you this one is about
a fan who tried to break into this
apartment multiple times
