hey guys last time I did a storytime you
guys seem to really love it so I got
another story for you this one is about
a fan who tried to break into this
apartment multiple times last year in
2015 my channel was much smaller than it
is now but I did have a fan base and
people did enjoy coming over to say hi
especially since my address was being
leaked at least once a week which
hopefully that slowed down but one fan
took things a little too far if you even
want to call him a fan he called me on
my intercom because at the time it had
my name on it now it doesn't say so and
so is in apartment whatever it just says
names on it
this person called my name on the
intercom and pretended to be from the
Department of Water and Power he said
that he needed to get in the building
okay someone from the Department of
Water and Power needs to get into my
building fine I'll let him in then I get
another call from the intercom and it's
the same guy and he said hey Alex I
actually needed to get up to your
apartment on top to check the electric
meters now I was smart enough at the
time to know that the electric meters
are never on the top floor they're
always on the bottom how did he know
that me Alex was in the apartment on the
top because it doesn't say what
apartment you're in or anything he just
called a name on the intercom so I
thought that was really weird so I said
yeah no problem
I'll let you up in a few minutes I mean
I had no intention of letting him up I
just used this time to call building
management and I call it building
manager and I said are you expecting
someone from Department of Water and
Power and you know what they said no and
then I called the Department of Water
and Power and I said hi did you guys
send a representative out from you guys
over here to my apartment at this
address and you know what they said no
they didn't send anyone either
so who was this guy pretending to be
from the Department of Water and Power I
decided I just wasn't gonna do anything
about it
it's fine I'll let the guy just stand
there because clearly he's not who he
says he is and he can't get up here
because I live in a fortress if you guys
have watched the vlogs you know that you
can't really take stairs up to my place
I have to take the elevator up directly
into my apartment and you really have no
way of
breaking if you wanted to except this
guy about an hour after that phone call
decided to take a ladder from another
level of the building and climb over our
balcony which still has a door there but
I can hear him through the wall I can
hear someone is out on this balcony area
and I'm like who the hell is out there
this better not be that guy next thing
you know boom boom boom on the door
this guy is banging on the door and I'm
like hello like it's locked like I know
it's a wood door I can't really see him
through it
there's just it just banging on the door
really hard there's little people on it
and I look and he's doing it from off to
the side I can't see anything so my
first reaction was to go over to my
sister's room because my sister lived
here at the time and she was taking a
nap and I woke her up and I said Riley
you need to lock your door because I
think someone's trying to break in right
now she's like what
how's it guess I was trying to break in
she's like okay I'm sure she was just
tired and didn't realized what situation
was actually going on but she was like
okay I'll lock it I went ahead went back
to the door tried to talk to him through
the door while I was calling 911 Lee I
wasn't super frantic I was just like
dude what do you want hello
he didn't say a word he just kept
banging on the door really hard I was on
the phone with the police and I said
this guy is trying to break in right now
and they said okay we'll be over there
in a few minutes okay
the banging stopped the police showed up
no one was there I don't know where he
was they walked around with me they said
I don't know maybe it's just some crazy
guy definitely some crazy guy some crazy
guy just tried to break into this
apartment there's no way up here so we
didn't know at the time how he was
getting up here the next day around the
same time I didn't get a call on the
intercom
he was just banging on that door again
same time the next day he's banging
banging banging banging as I called the
police again I was like he's here again
he's banging at the door they missed him
again he wasn't here the police asked me
they said well do you have any guns in
the house yeah do I have any
in the house I got lots of guns in this
house they actually walked me through my
place and showed me where to hide
different weapons at the time so that if
he broke in from different points I
always had access to what the police
were like you know you do what you got
to do they went over all the
instructions of like hey you know don't
shoot him until he gets to this point
into your apartment I'm like this is so
weird like I don't want to shoot this
guy just just I just don't want him in
here my sister living here at the time
needed to get to her car in the garage
to go to work during the day and would
come back at night I was worrying my
parents were worried that she was having
to do this by herself I was walking her
when I could but just to be safe we got
a 24/7 security guard I mean while we
slept he was here I slipped up in the
vlog one time and showed him during that
time here's a clip of that vlog and you
guys can see the security guard that was
staying at the apartment yeah that was
him over at the side so he was there and
things got a little weirder he was
walking my sister down to the garage and
noticed that the garage door had not
been closed all the way someone waited
there while it was closing I guess for
someone else they ran and they put a
block there was like a block like this
big that was slid underneath the garage
so it would stop on that there was a gap
big enough for someone to crawl
underneath the garage door now this is
getting crazier and crazier this guy is
trying to get into the garage he's
trying to get up here the police had
said to me hey if he tries to bang on
that door there's no scarier sound and
hearing a shotgun through a door I mean
it is a pretty scary sound right I would
be scared if I heard that through the
door that's a sound like I'm about to
die if I break through this door the
third day comes and he's back except
this time it was me it was a security
guard the police wrong call but when he
was here he called from the intercom
again on the third day and said that he
needed to get in but he was changing his
voice but he was really bad at it me and
the security guard went downstairs to go
meet him I wanted to see him I wanted to
see his face so I knew what he looked
like
and
who we were chasing when we got to the
front door nobody there was a police car
outside it was the cop that had been
there already a couple times and I said
did you see him he said to me Tennessee
who I said the the guy he was just here
he was calling it from this intercom he
goes oh no I had to text I pulled over
to text he goes I guess I must have
scared him off now that that guy saw
that calling at the intercom made a cop
car pull up he freaked out I'm assuming
and he never came back that was the last
I ever heard of that guy he came three
days in a row around the same time all
three days and then just decided never
to come again I didn't want to talk
about it in the vlog at that time
because if he was doing it just for the
attention of hoping I would vlog that
situation I didn't want to give him that
because he would keep coming and that's
the time that I had a fan I mean not
really a fan try to break into this
apartment not once not twice but three
times just don't and if you do come
knocking I'll be ready there's a lot of
people that walk down the street and
I'll just take this water balloon and
throw it outside what we could all be
assholes together
