hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
doing something fun time starting the
day a little bit late cuz I had some
stuff I need to take care of earlier but
I right now and with don't walk more
left make you walk in the bushes I'm
like try to get on this side of her
because I'm flying as my left hand
who are you Andrea she's pushing me in
these bushes here you are walking in
them anyway anyway we are right now
walking up to YouTube space because the
new YouTube red show is that fear of the
Living Dead is that what's called I
think that's what it's called I think it
has like Vitaly and fousey and Dennis
and all them in it and it's the premiere
of it at YouTube space so we are going
there right now and I don't really know
what's going on if we're watching it or
if it's a party celebrating it but
that's what we're going that's what I'm
doing Heidi when you're with me
yeah always we are going it what he's
literally going into fight alone a fight
of the Living Dead
we're dying this trying time
okay I'm going
behind me
Latrobe pile
dragon like a popcorn evening dragon
it's really good really
Hey
John Reed and
you're making me feel those toy
you
or did
the closer to death
oh good I just take it down
yeah
and we all we all wait whoa there's all
gone look at this guy's
circus in Utah
go ahead and watch those you two ready
for everything
what do you think it was freaking
awesome and Dennis is like everyone's
go-to guy I know he was like the
starving yeah everyone was like going to
their like I don't know who to trust but
I'm trusting Dennis you can't trust
anyone except for Dennis you guys got to
watch it and see it's actually like not
that I thought it would be bad but it's
so much better than I thought it was
really good to go home and watch it
without it was it was really good and
Vitaly is really funny of it yes
boosting so funny in it too it's really
funny yeah it's good too
right off the bat I'm an asshole for
this but I think it would be very
amusing for you and for me but when I
explain okay I got a little balloon here
I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna do
with this balloon
Jigga that generally as you can see I
got myself a water balloon here now I'm
right at the edge of the street like
right by the sidewalk and you know right
I'm just gonna say I don't have to be an
asshole we can all be the asshole
together because I'm gonna say if this
vlog gets 5,000 likes I will take this
water balloon wait for an unsuspecting
stranger and yes seriously mean a
stranger because there's a lot of people
that walk down this street and I'll just
take this water balloon and throw it on
a sidewalk we could all be assholes
together and they can't get up here so
should we be assholes together I'm not
gonna say it but if you guys I gotta go
pick up that balloon because I don't
want that just another cuz there's dogs
I don't want them to eat it but if you
want us to be assholes
go ahead and like it like this vlog we
could be assholes together with that
being said that is all I got for you for
today for tomorrow I think I have a
story time plan so let me know down
below if you guys want to see a
storytime about the time that affair if
you even want to call him a fan trying
to break into this apartment multiple
times and the police were involved in
everything so let me know if you want to
know about that too
but that's all I got for you I hope you
guys enjoyed watching go ahead and like
this vlog so that we can go ahead and
throw a water balloon at a perfect
stranger on the sidewalk and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye what we
didn't tell you in the beginning was I'm
taking Andrea right now to the airport
I'm going to the airport because I am
moving for 10 days 10 days guys what are
we supposed to do without Andrea for 10
days
