hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
with my friends
mr. Kyle mr. Seth and mr. Andrea mr.
Andre that's what that's right you get
hungry yeah hungry yeah where we should
go just so I could keep spinning their
cafe great now all right no I think we
should let's do it yeah thank you
I'm not opposed to oh god you give the
worst blood get it get it wipe my ass
what's in the box we were currently on a
mission to go explore the unexplored in
Santa Monica which is nowhere but we
were gonna go have fun until I ruined
the whole whole experience
when I wet myself so I need to rid
myself of these moist chonies so we can
begin or we can continue our fun there
we go
I'm all dry now Harvey
he looked start our day okay and for
those wondering Harvey's leg is feeling
much better and he's actually starting
to use it again so hopefully it was just
like a sprain and nothing too serious
here's the scooter you want to ride it
how do you push forward push board just
don't we there you go oh it is locked I
got on lock it I'll take this outside
for you
whoa this cars I'm like I realize I
don't have that many hands with brakes
you ready go for a ride it's so fast
watch out
I know whoo yeah who do you tell me Wow
for no helmet he is so what do you think
oh man I got the need for speed now
you're good to go Seth
you know just killing it damn girl you
go fast
what do you dig it's fun right Kyle
where you going wait not that one this
one over here why I don't know wait Kyle
what gets good number one or number two
- okay number one out of my - oh are we
are we gonna hear it just go for it
that was disgusting my girlfriend was
riding me and that's right
so Adria is craving the noodle right now
so we could get it but something just I
and I never even do this when I was
getting the ramen you justify I'm good
when I was getting it I always I didn't
know that there was a difference between
top ramens and and Maruchan yeah I don't
know there's like Burger King McDonald's
you know how we open I don't know what I
what I typically got look at them but I
always like a real say I had an Asian
neighbors used to give me these all the
time yeah but that time you later
yeah this is Top Ramen and that's Maryam
but I don't know there's also Neeson's
cup noodles Nissen is the waters no note
Neeson makes tough ramen oh yeah you're
right I don't know I know this oh you're
getting both I'm poor so I actually know
I got you oh my god while shopping at
the store we decided it would be a good
idea to make a healthier dinnertime so
we're gonna be making some spaghetti
squash which we have here and we already
baked that and turned it into spaghetti
only because alex is on this diet I'm
not a curtain on a diet yet but it's
gonna be good and then we're making
turkey meatballs for it that we just
season everything put your hands in it
oh oh that's like gross they're feeling
the neck we're also making some chicken
sausage to go in the sauce with some
tomatoes and garlic ooh buddy
jairs looks great you made yours look
pretty you know what I did
yeah you do no yeah I just mix it mix it
mmm yeah I think it still looks good but
how about I think it tastes good too
yeah those days really good I'll call it
a success dinner was great and there's
something that I bought for Andrea and I
on Amazon and this is not sponsored no
one told me to buy this the company is
not reached out and sent me this
absolutely nothing I'm just saying that
cause any time I show a product people I
like your sponsored stuff well it's not
at all this is that good enough do you
think that they'll think it's sponsored
well it's not okay this Eliza Becca
milky piggy carbonated bubble play
bastard okay
did you get that yeah Liza Becca milky
piggy booger
Eliza Becca milky piggy carbonated
bubble clay mask Eliza beckoned with you
piggy carbonated Bowl playback I even
love the way it sounds
anyway it's a carbonated bubble clay
mask and what that means I don't know if
you guys have seen this online I've only
seen pictures and their views on Amazon
we're funny it's a clay mask for your
face except after about four or five
minutes it starts to foam up and then
becomes as big you guys will see it
hanging outside about you good you ready
get your mate off
ya know it was like you're good you
ready you got your makeup of not enough
trust me I could tell I'm just that was
super joke she spell those prayers I
think I'm gonna get well it looks like
cement or something yeah don't they
usually come with I gotcha
yeah because it says not to touch it
with your hands all the reviews on
Amazon in here it didn't come with like
a thing to put on yeah she brushes I
guess and you put you okay I know I
couldn't find the one that I use okay
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna put a lot of
my beard though so it'll just be like a
weird mask
no you should just put it on your beard
and see you look like Santa Claus but
don't you be weird if it just like okay
yeah it's so glowy
oh it's so cold
nobody goes to your eyes oh because it
grows yeah bubble trying to go faster
doesn't start bowling alley I think it
says it takes five minutes oh just got
in my hair it's okay
oh no I have an itch
what love it now see it's already
bubbling oh yeah you ready okay I think
we're good yeah are we good yes what's
happening and now we now we wait right
until it's thick
yeah okay five minutes okay I'll be back
in a little bit yeah I think it's
tingling yeah I can pick my car my face
is carbonate you want to scratch
everywhere I mean I can do your huh it's
going up a little bit more this is weird
it feels so but can you hear it yeah
it's a lot of itching at you it's just
itchy in the beginning then it's kind of
like pop rocks on your face my camera
just died and now about my iPhone this
looks like God or something I thought it
looks like dark and gray and everything
oh dear well now we rinse it off yeah
now we take warm water put it in and
then leave it on for like two more
minutes but this is look at this puffy
while waiting for Andrea to finish I'm
pretty sure Oh yep you're mine oh I'm
pretty not there's our mind just grew
really really big this is super puffy my
face is supposed to be this red right
very harsh washcloth it is but I need so
much moisture in my faces oh my god my
face is dry and so dry so I guess the
oily skin this would be great for you
but I don't
yeah like I get whoa it's really soft
though yeah it makes your skin super
soft don't let this redness scare you if
you have oily I don't have oily skin so
you have oily skin it'll definitely get
rid of it but I think if you don't then
it's just just drives you out a little
I definitely had like just paste dries
afterwards yeah and don't scrub as hard
as I did or take something well less
harsh yeah it's like a nice soft
washcloth not sandpaper it's pretty
rough as you can see but look how shiny
my nose is because it's dry as hell
anyways guys since this camera is now
dead and I don't want to really continue
too much on my cell phone I'm going to
end it here and that'll be it so I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I will
definitely see you guys again soon
Andrea says bye bye
