hey guys today we have a really cool
challenge I think this was gonna be fun
super visual yeah I think this will be
entertaining for you guys as well advice
why don't you tell them what we're doing
we're doing a no hands Pizza challenge
yes we just came up with this the no
hands Pizza challenge I haven't seen
anyone else do it
maybe they have because on the interwebs
everyone has done everything everything
but we have not seen this so this is
something that we wanted to do we have
everything we're going to need for a
pizza we have our dough here we have
cheese pizza sauce it's going to go in
the bowl eventually you have some
peppers pepperoni and tomatoes yes we're
making a good-ass pizza yeah I mean I
don't know how it's gonna look we'll
just have to see how fat I never made a
pizza without my hands and this the only
thing without my yeah this dough isn't
shaped so that's gonna happen we have to
figure out how to shape that without
using our hands this is interesting
we both can all have our hands bound
behind our backs I did hers first
because I knew she could pull it through
her legs okay yeah anyway we both have
them behind our back
this is not timed it's not anything all
in it it's just gonna be bait and
automatic pizza it's an aesthetic pizza
yes we just want to make sure that you
guys can see everything so we're moving
off on the count of three we are going
to begin ready one two three
we flatten this what's your strategy I
can't go straight does wing-like
good yeah good oh my god but how are we
going to spend this on my face kind of
hurts okay
loving your face out the pizza dough how
are you doing this well good you're home
oh that's so pretty class so do you know
that pizza sauce is like really gross
huh you a get soft maybe get sauce you
go you know it you're catering to those
viewers out there well I believe I
finished mine to watch
we're not gonna try to put the oven with
our mouths in the oven the pizzas in the
irony of it and our beautiful pizzas are
now ready they are and I think they look
great so if you look at mine I did more
of a traditional type of piece I mean it
doesn't look amazing but it's okay and I
was cheap I don't know which one's gonna
kill you guys but you guys are gonna be
the judge of this challenge so go ahead
and let us know who you think won in the
comments below well thank you so much
for watching guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it cuz we sure enjoyed doing it
I definitely enjoyed it we will see you
guys again soon bye
