hey guys it's new day today isn't it
crazy is every single day everything is
good
anyway we are we're not in the in the
jag today we are with our very nice
uber driver Tommy Tommy Tommy Oakley and
we are heading right now yeah yeah we're
headed right now to the Dolby theatre to
go to the America's Got Talent
live show again thank you you did your
second one yes so this should be a lot
of fun we're gonna have ourself a good
day I mean I mean today is gonna be a
good day why because it always is and
also we're not late like we were left
yeah last time you like this time
go go go go go
oh you can just sneak in right here
right so just start it up it started did
you do everything yeah we are late but
we're not that late it just started
we're going broken do we go in and watch
the show or do we get off the free food
there's a lot of really good good
there's like over there I think this
really you can hear the show starting
again but we're just eating really we
see it it's so good so sexy finally
Megan fine I know already fucking they
go wrong we did the guy get like an
arrow - that's right
that's my son
are you doing buddy good okay okay
if you guys haven't watched the show the
show's over it's done it is done it was
great it was great there was some
yeah I mean the crazy like clairvoyance
act which I love which is the one where
shop knows everything we were like what
is going on and to be very clear the
judges are not in honest no no no
nothing trust me I know yeah they know
nothing it's crazy yeah my mind is Bonin
understand and then we watched an arrow
to the neck maybe just like yeah
definitely made everyone cringe and
everyone's still talking about it yeah
everyone but overall it was great show
then we're gonna have herself a good
night too and we decided okay we've been
mad
both of which are really hot and they
are making me sweat is hot but they're
so good remote funds like this dog
I look to burning in my head it's kinda
boys have a boy's head andrea.adrian
right here she was eating wings and then
got it itchy I rubbed her I've got the
hot sauce in an Arai I mean I should be
laughing oh I can hear the bathroom
thing oh okay
we go to the light I want to see okay
good look
oh my god oh my good
I'm good but so bears without a nursery
done I'm embarrassed for you oh my god I
don't think I'm gonna go with the bar
so get ready your eyes are even like I
don't think I've ever farted how do you
I think we've had enough of Hollywood
right now yeah
we walked her out a little bit yeah I
think we're gonna head back to Santa
Monica maybe even getting some more
Pokemon hunting her and I need to do
some more yeah and then yeah we probably
also got to do it you now stream which
is always fun so does it feel like all
Andrea and I do is mess with each other
but it's just so easy and so much fun
and she right now went downstairs to go
look for a sweatshirt in her car so I
have a little bit of time she got a
snack for Pokemon hunting and there's
not much I could do with this but I have
an idea from another prank that I was
going to do on someone and it just never
worked out I have cat treats because
they're disgusting but they look like
some sort of candy they got like they
look like a peanut butter chocolate
thing I could just put some of those in
here and hopefully she'll eat some I
don't know oh I shouldn't have open it
down damn it you can definitely see
something there this is salmon flavor by
the way oh she's here
we are gonna go Pokemon ting so I am
meeting some of your snacks still yeah
good hey well see reading so excited
we're gonna get some stuff hmm yeah
ready why not oh I hate that
Oh what is that would you eat no you're
not
paste that what is it Oh what it tastes
like and he's like sushi I think it was
these things
did you try one I've already trying to
try another one yeah
it's very like fish oh you've been caddy
all night now you just eaten like a cat
no wonder it was like fucking it's it's
salmon I expect you to film it I expect
you to film this out while we were doing
Pokemon hunting not right when I did it
but hey it worked out and Jana yeah for
me we are now out walking around one
thing that we really want to work on is
I don't know if you guys know but if you
spin the pokeball and throw it you have
to do like a curveball type of thing but
you get like extra XP and apparently you
have a better chance to catch a Pokemon
I don't know okay I'll show you guys
what I'm talking about so here's a 2:10
growl if I spin the ball till it
sparkles throw it up BAM let's see
there we go and then I'll show you it
gives you extra XP curveball that's ten
but sometimes you get like a great shot
it gives you extra fifty you never know
but it does give you extra XP yeah
Andrea oh that curveball down that
curveball gee I wish I had my trail mix
celebrators oh come on you could have
still eaten it the whole thing like
reeks of damage those things done she
could have picked around it I still ate
a little bit I mean it did smell examine
because this not so bad I'm sorry I I'll
buy her I'll buy her so much rubbish
today what we doing so we're on my unit
right now and we're about to have a
little guess let's let's get somebody
who we can soon we were you know people
were just talking about you one here if
you feel like you're the talk of YouTube
right now oh ha good thing nothing
negative no and I said I said no matter
what's going on you can ask my Bieber I
said I'm always gonna back you up we
both love you yeah why might you in an
elevator once but I already love you
yeah you almost took his dogs yeah I
almost did I thought I stole your dogs
well guys that's all we got for you is
so cool that Fuji just popped out I got
a text he's like I'm watching you and I
was like oh you should guest so he came
on against it that's really cool so
sometimes that's why you guys should
come hang out on you now where we get to
just like talk to you guys hang out do
that kind of thing you can actually like
have like conversations with you and
yeah and are you nails are easy it's
just you know calm such alex Modelo
Unicom slash and real Wendell
so both them are very easy but yeah it's
all we got for you I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today there will be
more content more cool videos coming
your way obviously very soon thank you
so much for all the continued support
you guys are up make like this is so
crazy to watch it's growing like crazy
and
happy yeah we are so happy and it's a
lot of it's because of you guys so thank
you so much
and that's how we got for you so we'll
see you guys again soon bye II really
