ah hi I missed you hey guys it's a new
owner you get your face painted yeah
well anyway it's a new day and today is
gonna be a good day why cuz it always is
it always is we got some fun stuff we're
gonna do today I something happened my
car so I think when I have to get anyone
today we'll do that oh no no I had a
sudden craving for a milkshake for a
milkshake
yeah we never place that makes really
good ones yeah this is poni berger rona
berger is out here in santa monica and
they have a crazy milkshake it's a bacon
salted caramel milkshake it's really
good if you're gonna come here for a
milkshake you might as well start off a
little bit healthy right oh that's so
pretty
so now a little salad
it was really long on even hos my
character I thought it was like it's not
like a radish or something no Artie this
morning I just want a snack we have the
bacon salted caramel milkshake you're
ours and the fresh strawberry milkshake
that they get from the they actually get
from the farmers market
they're like special special
strawberries yeah you can only get up
like in a few places called Harry's
berries that's where the strawberries
are problem
they're so good like the best berries
you never take so Cheers
probably thinking okay I'm going over
there now MA Wow this thing just like
dug into my back every No
oh hey so
what's your car noise shut up what
happened when I when I take off it like
you gonna let go okay guys I think I'm
not we're not being 100% honest here
yeah we may not have like bought the car
no we may have stolen
actually when she tell them what
happened so Alex got a flat tire and and
he didn't have a spare and he has a kind
of exchange I hope I have custom wheels
and I didn't have a spare I didn't buy a
fifth one and the problem is I have to
order the tires that I need so I
literally have no way of just getting it
fixed right now so I had to rent a car
and I figured if if we're gonna rent a
car might as well read sleep on as well
do it right yeah they had a Jaguar
f-type and why not so I was just in the
bathroom getting ready a little bit
before we were about to head out and I
was looking for some q-tips and I baby
who doesn't have q-tips and their
drawers but I found these
so I figured I have a little bit of
lotion and this and I'm going to make a
little contraption for Alex here I want
you guys going to see how I'm making it
into this take this also only on this
left well it's so gross okay so you put
this through the top like this fold it
over so it hangs out of the pot oh cool
Oh No here we go some motion
No make sure you enough
hmm maybe a little more why not right
here numbers been putting a little bit
of water because if there isn't water
and it's on a really shoot out the way
that I want it to mix that up yeah
that is so disgusting and now everybody
you have you pull this back let it go
it's a nice little fake just Canon Alex
is watching TV with Jake right now all I
am getting ready for us to go out and do
the rest of our night and I am going to
surprise them I'm going to start it now
so I can place the camera and he doesn't
hear the beep
really has like it is everywhere you
look at like flops back onto my hand
very Connie okay go yes we bring condoms
in your carry-on that's Pleasant
well anyway
Andrea no and do it yet it's everywhere
Andrea so show them your your whole
getup yeah this is this is cumshot chic
for you yeah it was funny it was funny I
mean it would
I like her now that it's a little later
we actually came out to visit Brandon
what up and out in the area we are in
there's a lot of like just open roads
that are there's like nothing around
nothing definitely just like the
opposite of Santa Monica since we have
this car and we're these oak roads we
want to do some like eye today on
traffic you want have some fun today in
traffic we were like stuck now I can we
can play let's go we go we going
right
all right well we had our fun we had it
flying time to go back to Santa Monica
well that was fun that was fun a lot of
fun never team I was hired I know we're
both so exhausted I don't know why we
were actually gonna do like a Yunel
stream Sykes we haven't done one a
little while but as we're driving back I
said I was like I may be retired
no so maybe tomorrow with that Wow well
actually maybe today for you guys while
you're watching this so you could always
check that out um but yeah I am I'm
ready to sleep B so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will we're
actually gonna be doing some cool stuff
tomorrow
so we'll see many more another video
yeah see yeah see you guys again soon
bye e1 - oh are you crying
