hey guys this is the video that I don't
know if I'm super excited about I'm
stoked I don't know about you she's a
crazy woman and this is my buddy Chris
if you've ever followed uber facts on
Twitter thanks guys but that's the
challenge itself isn't scary the
punishment he's excited for this
challenge he doesn't have to do this
Chris is going to be asking us some
questions of similar facts we have these
pads of paper when he asks the questions
I'm gonna write my answer in here she
has another pad of paper
okay okay that's better
cuz I would prefer to put my hand in a
mousetrap the last times just look at
this look at what it does I mean it's
just an apple but look at this oh yeah
yeah I don't want my hand okay okay how
much money would you need to buy
everything on amazon.com
your choices are ten point two billion
dollars three point five billion dollars
thirty point four billion dollars twelve
point nine billion dollars we're gonna
get a run okay
one two is 30 you're right no shoot for
the stars that one
Oh point for you good long answer yes
right yeah no I mean no this is actually
my you might know according to most
scientific estimates how old is the
Earth Moon and Sun one point five six
billion years old
two point five six billion years old
three five six billion years old
I should know this one and I think I
know it but if I don't I'm really
disappointed in my science II self yeah
ready two point five six okay the
correct answer was actually four point
six billion I see you're both wrong and
you both you should put your hands
oh my god look at this I don't know he's
already fucked up okay we're fun go say
hi
three two one I try was so wrong already
here's ready yeah yeah hibernation is
the practice of sleeping to the winner
what is the practice of sleeping through
the summer
is it estivation reverse hibernation
keel ovation or photosynthesis this
again again this just wants us to hurt
ourselves I thought this would have been
I haven't gotten any right yet one of
you got one okay ready oh oh you're both
wrong we correctly but we both evasion
we both guessed he loved a scream yet
that's because okay okay in airplanes
black box is
what color your options are a black blue
orange or pink
yeah bubble wrap was originally intended
to be used as what a home insulator a
stupid dancing wallpaper decorations yes
oh you did insulation eated insulation
if it's it's wallpaper but actually I
guess wallpaper would be I thought they
would like paying it and they'll be fun
to like it was supposed to be used as
wallpaper yeah like I didn't think like
you put it in like a bonsai gonna bubble
if no one knows with that video
as of right now we both have one and I
think that it's time for a tiebreaker do
you really yes whoever got in the next
point with what job did christopher
walken have as a teenager was he a seal
trainer but in veterinary assistants a
lion tamer I don't know that I think
it's from following oh yeah no I know
that Chris from walking with a lion
tamer
that ain't the common sense in the last
movie ever rented at a corporate
blockbuster with what The Lion King
sorry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
this is the end for Project X
I don't one two three this is the end
was correct I thought that that was
Ocean
I thought that that was too clever can't
be that easy
oh but it was it's not because it was
three - what I got Gorge in all the
place Oh back in your suitcase anyways
guys that would I know that's it Oh
Andrea no thank you Chris for helping us
with the challenge of letting hey watch
them
here's a close-up of both of our hey you
gotta see your hands that's not good I
think like you technically lost but I
think that that I lives yeah mines is
more red yeah I think yours is gonna
swell up like well you could see like
the wealth in the shape of so you could
watch it and not try it and it's really
scary if you ever have if you have a
mousetrap just like drop like a coin
under something you can see how scary
really they're so scary
I put Chris's social media stuff his
Instagram which is just uber facts down
in the description so make sure you go
follow him on Instagram you can follow
him on Twitter and all that goodness all
the informations in the description and
I'm gonna go ice yeah bye guys see ya
i'ma show you exactly why it takes girls
so long to get ready
have until a dance party in here
