at the sheet
wave over I want to show this hold of
the sheet this tuck good morning hey
guys
Cynthia Knighton and stuff for you to
wake up and yeah it's time for you to
wake up come on you don't want more
mousetraps ah boy slam ah
wake up ready ready for another day uh
uh uh uh yeah yeah get ready okay
today it's gonna be a good day you know
why it always I'm gonna show you exactly
why it takes girls so long to get ready
having a little dance party in here so I
can't just like girl the dance yeah yeah
even me I do the same thing you may take
a while but you look pretty
I don't think that a little bit
whatsoever sighs lollygaggin but look at
her damn someone looks good let's go
down where is get it go down go god oh
there you are we got it yeah that worked
we are not walking over to try to find
some food
oh don't ball hit over the bean oh I was
about to push you into that oh yeah yeah
but uh we are I'm hungry we haven't
eaten yet today and it's already like
2:30 just because the time difference so
we need to find some food we will do
some cool stuff today but we just got
yeah now we're going to go wander a
little bit more and explore I like these
little alleyways look at this yeah we're
really not like an alley like we're with
like in Santa Monica where it's just
kind of like industrial look into the
k-town
super nice I want to show Andrea this
like funny store that they have here
around the corner actually they have
like all this really weird stuff you
guys will see it's it's actually it's
like one of my favorite stores come in
wat what ha ha ha yeah oh my god yeah
bloody hands oh I'm bleeding
are you are you know just a little bit
I'm getting back for that those are the
mousetraps though oh oh oh no no I feel
so bad
oh no bleeding everywhere oh my god I'm
such a child first and I'm so sorry I
gotta go
I'm sorry I'm so sorry oh she's such a
good sport
I'm she like oh my god I'm so sorry we
are in the store that I was telling her
before I pushed her into bushes but it
is called the rollo stores rollo store
calm are Oh hell-oh store calm but they
have like such cool funny awesome things
in here everything from I love sex mugs
to was thing you were looking for a guy
what is this
RINO these are amazing you get a cut of
these coloring books elephant
gingka cos you cry to get that Rosetta
mama drinks again somebody I should I
should there's such good yeah thank you
for your taste in music
wait this is amazing oh no I'm so sorry
oh my god that looks so bad you guys it
looks genuinely it looks so much more
dramatic than it is I'm so sorry
it's really being a drama with me right
now let me clean it up for you yeah
clean it up oh no oh see it looks so
much less bad when you like like that
okay yeah I'm fine
feels okay it really doesn't hurt guys
it looks like it like hurts really bad
but it doesn't I'm sorry we are going
out to meet someone very special one day
to get another drink
got it over there I see you I see you I
see you I see you hiding with it hey
how's it going good good how are you
good we gotta get some drinks Cheers
there it is always so good seeing pedes
and everyone and it's just yeah I wish
we could do like videos but he's
actually going to concert tonight and
it's so far but he's gonna come out to
LA yes he is it's gonna be out really
soon yes and we are going to do some
videos but right now we are going to go
on our way and explore more and oh no
it's gone
we well I was going to show them but
there's a building block what's good
anyway there's a building blocking it
but you can see that's where the CN
Tower is we are going to go grab a drink
at the CN Tower
those are people hanging off right there
at the edge walk
out here Oh
Oh
that's where the Blue Jays are playing
down there was a game going on what are
we about to do oh my god I want to be on
this one don't know
Cheers how is it good
Oh Alex what did you do just roll it up
he rolled it up it's gone let's go
oh look at that desert right there it's
perfect for you you're paying though
right of course that's why you're here
last time we weren't able to go into 180
because it was closed for a private
event but today we are gonna go in and
we're going with a friend of ours Chris
look if you guys ever on Twitter if you
follow Bluebird packs well if you don't
you're wrong but you should I've already
fallen over facts figure it out yeah
it's just you just get a lot of really
cool facts and everything that I don't
know I like it anyway he runs it
that's what he does so we're gonna go
and hang out up at 180 and finally be
able to go right any smells good Thanks
so there's that
we are going to Chris's place cuz you
champagne got champagne champagne father
champagne Oh water
yeah and water and Gatorade and Gatorade
but most importantly and a cat champagne
here's some plastic size right that's
what they're called oh those ones are
real ones yeah
whoo
is now the next morning and Chris has
come back he came to our hotel so we
could film a challenge video that you
guys will actually see Monday can't get
enough he cannot get enough of us but we
are this challenge is it we have these
mousetraps here and they really have I
didn't set it anyways it's gonna be
really fun we're gonna film that before
we leave Toronto's we're leaving today
we had such a fun day and night
yesterday thing is like you guys might
think that that's not a fake but these
things are so scary yeah they're really
really scary and they go off without you
thinking they're actually gonna go off
oh my god scary ah well that is all we
got for you yes yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed watching hey and I'm still
terrified in mousetraps I hope that that
is all done now that we are leaving
Toronto today does he say any way to go
no this was such a fun log we don't have
the best day
yeah and we're glad we got to take you
guys along with us yes like always and
we are gonna have another fun day today
and vlog that see I think you guys get
another one tomorrow yeah yeah so on
that note we will see you guys again
soon
Hey am i busy and take a shit okay
no one no more stop is Indian up and you
know Dre yeah
