hey guys it's a new day today and what
we doing we're going to - right yeah I'm
going to Toronto and we are at the
airport right now and walking over to
the plane I hope it's not windy walking
over to the plane and we're gonna have
ourselves a good trip I'm really excited
she's never been to Toronto my whole
family lives in Toronto like all my
relatives and everything someone to say
hi to them too but we have a lot planned
a lot of fun stuff but I think so too
let's start this up right
hello
like a bird I love it oh you like it oh
boy oh he's a taking off and they said
take it off nobody started like this
like why
exploit
they think I'm five years old slick
but most of its it because
Oh get him Abby
bristles really hard
Oh
I have arrived
all right so we have arrived at the
hotel yeah we made it
safe and sound barely barely but we had
wait why barely I don't know nothing
happened I know we're here we were safe
there was a screaming baby that there
was a screaming baby that was my niece
yeah where she's cute so it's okay she
is single
we're gonna go she's never been over
here to Toronto so we're gonna go
exploit you ready to explore and so we
should probably get a drink first though
yeah
should we a drink do you know us yeah
what there's olive oil in the olives so
they're so slippery look try to go slow
you can't even like slip it's so
frustrating so yeah
really oh yes you got it
we are currently walking in downtown
Toronto we are in Yorkville right now I
did I've never been you've never been
how humid is this it is so humid oh my
god I'm from Arizona I like you know
first dry-aged yeah I don't mind it'd be
like a hundred and dry but it is but
this is like 80 and yeah it's just
always I know you guys love that word oh
that word but we're just gonna explore a
little maybe get some dinner or
something somewhere I don't know but
either way we're gonna have a good time
that's gonna be fun with and you guys
are coming along with it oh my god is
that your forehead it's on do you love
cheese like no oh oh no not you its
meaning
this is raining it really and we just
went to a really good place for dinner
called Casa moto or they keep saying a
castle oh no I think you know we haven't
met up with my cousin Adam
you guys have been a follower for a long
time you wouldn't know that I pranked
them a lot of time but we are heading
over now to this place called 180 which
is this like bar I'm assuming with a 180
view and we're going to get to the large
frames oh yeah it's raining right now
and it's there like what recive random
and not just like no it's like it's like
far far you and between but it's like
hell they're heavy you hate you their
fire they make me so wet yeah we just
went over to go check out the place 180
but they're closed for private event I
have a party yeah we're gonna probably
go there tomorrow but they told us that
there's another rooftop place at like
the Hyatt Hotel I don't really know
where it is where we're going literally
just walking downtown and hoping that we
get there and it's raining and it's a
beautiful night I'm enjoying it then
we're gonna figure it out yeah I have no
problem with this I love it it a great
time hopefully we find a duck in the
rain in a long time
yeah yeah pretty Oh
is it any better okay
yeah so we are on the other side now
look at this we don't have a wall
obstructing now this is everything and
but we have someone to thank for this we
have you to thank for this well thank
you very much yeah he not only served us
great drinks yes but he also gave us
yeah we were talking and you were super
nice to take us out here thank you so
much this is my pleasure this isn't even
part of like the the bar this is like a
private like lounge area thing and took
us out here to see and the view is
incredible now how lucky are we
this island is awesome we don't really
have this I can barely see you this is
sick
number two it yeah
like a few tour
we're hopping around new a bunch of
different like rooftop Bars try to get
the best view
Andrea just went to the bathroom and she
has her vodka cranberry here and I got
it up something we throw a salt her
drink
yeah
when I said yeah
okay soap Alex just went to the bathroom
and I have a couple of things for him
that I'm going to surprise them with I'm
kind of scared of these though cuz when
you like pick them up they kind of go
off sometimes unexpectedly so
wait stop stop
countdown so fuck it I'm sorry the last
one I promise you dish
wait talking up yo I'm sorry you dizzy
in my busy and take a shit don't know
one no boy stop is angry enough and you
know why I love you I actually really
genuinely like hurt I'm really the first
one that went in like pinched his legs
super bad really hard like really bad
look at this
excuse me taking off my pants guys in
the corner look in the light here coming
to light it took a piece out right here
this whole red spot oh my god Andrea and
it littered the core of it could closed
on my skin like pinch me right there
look there's like skin missing you see
that
are you not with me i'ma get you for
your enemy no I know he's gonna get me
back this and all good but I'm gonna
better get me back really bad yeah
Andrea Andrea yeah what am I going to do
with you the Masters is so much fun
there are a lot of fun and you've got me
with the salt I did which is like does
not drink salt it pales in comparison to
what I did to you good I think here
there's the chip didn't yeah I hope that
it was at least entertaining for you
guys and I think that you guys enjoy
this whole vlog that's all that we got
for you is all we have today yeah
and we definitely will get we're gonna
be doing some fun stuff tomorrow that I
can't wait to show you guys so you guys
will just have to wait for that we'll
see you soon we will we will see you
guys soon like well hopefully you like
my legs or do sir okay bye are you
vlogging I am should I not be you had a
boy thing Oh it'll be blurred leave word
