hey guys it is a new day today and we
got some fun stuff because I got a
couple things I want to show you one
thing I'm super particularly excited to
show you guys you guys will see that
very soon but let us start our day
another day okay this box showed up a
couple days ago it is but a mere box but
it is not the box that I am excited for
it is what is in the box I already know
what's in the box and I know who sent it
a gentleman by the name of Gary Vee on
instagram if you guys don't follow him
you definitely should this is not
sponsored he did not ask me to do this
but I am a fan of his and if you are a
budding entrepreneur I highly suggest
you go follow him this is just me saying
thank you for sending me these he came
out with his new shoe line from k-swiss
so he asked me if I won a pair of course
I said yes that's what open it
I need my trusty pocket knife just this
small little thing that does open
Oh Gary Vee what can it be
hustle is the most important word ever
Gary Vee let us see there's a card in it
that says hey I wanted you to be one of
the first people to check out the new
Gary B sneaker if you're receiving this
and you're someone who has supported me
influenced me or has great style this is
definitely the great style you know my
blackberry stuff I've teamed up with
k-swiss to create the ultimate sneaker
for hustlers and entrepreneurs I
consider you part of that group oh I
hope you enjoy these and wear them with
pride I hope we get to cross paths soon
and I wish you a healthy and prosperous
end of the year and even better 2018
Gary B check these out
look at these these are sick Gary Vee oh
the bottom is this is some from his
favorite quotes I think it's it's some
of his favorite quotes I think it's what
he said this looks cool it almost I'm
not wearing I thought I was wearing
ultras I'm not but it kind of almost
looks like ultra Bruce I like this style
and it's got green for money remember
I'm not sponsored so I have no
obligation to say whether these are
comfortable or not and they are they're
really comfortable you could feel right
through them it's almost like I'm
wearing like supported socks these are
really cool thank you Gary be fun little
fact I wanted a classic looking folding
pocket knife and when I went online the
description said folding pocket knife
and it looked cool so I bought it it was
only what it arrived that I realized it
was this big it's it is a folding knife
and I it does fit in my pocket I have
really deep pockets but I'm not sure
that this is exactly what I was looking
for it's cool though
blows either don't know I have the
iPhone X and I've been watching bunch of
videos because people have been just
posting them like crazy
one of the things that people said was
that the face reveal or the face ID
doesn't work if you were in glasses but
I discovered something actually this
morning when I was on a ride I'm like
ROM this is really interesting because I
feel like everyone else did something
wrong the way this works is when I tap
the screen the infrared will try to read
my face now the infrared is not visible
to the naked eye but the cool thing
about these vlog cameras is look at that
infrared try and it said that does it
recognize me because I'm not aiming it
at my face when I aim it at my face and
I'll try to unlock there we go in case
you didn't notice I'm currently wearing
my helmet and for those of you that say
oh the phone doesn't really read your
face when you're wearing glasses
well what about when you're wearing a
helmet not only like this but with the
face shield closed watch this
check that out it is unlocked with this
with the face shield closed so those are
you wearing glasses and it's not working
what are you doing wrong in all fairness
some people say it has to do with direct
sunlight on the glasses not allowing the
infrared blah blah blah that's probably
true but I thought that that was
interesting because I just pushed it
thinking I was gonna have to type the
code when I was doing something while
sitting on my bike completely stopped on
the side of the road but it worked and I
was like wait wait did that just unlock
and it ended to us the next thing I want
to show you guys what I've been super
excited to show you and to show you it
all I am down here my garage those who
follow me on Twitter or on Instagram
which you can both those just Alex
Mandel streamers plug and yeah so you
guys probably already saw it there but
if you don't follow me there then you
guys don't know and I'm not about to
show you this wrong because I already
have showed you my Grom and I saw that
Tanner Fox just got one so let's go for
a ride dude but check this out you guys
have already seen this bad dude you have
seen mr. Grom who I love so dearly but
it is now time for me to show you my
newest addition
that's right people I am the proud owner
of a brand new Honda ruckus for those of
you don't know what a Honda ruckus is it
is Honda's 50 cc badass looking scooter
now 50 cc is not very powerful it really
like tops out in about 35 miles an hour
does your 35 in like 25 seconds that's
not actually true but it feels like it
because it is pretty slow so why do I
have a ruckus well this is going to be
my brand new project that we're gonna do
throughout videos I had so much fun
doing some work on the Grom and
everything like that that I'm gonna do a
full makeover on this I'm doing a full
motor swap - 150 CC by the way my Grom
is 125 so this one will be doing an easy
60 Plus miles an hour I'm gonna be
lowering it I'm gonna be changing out
the wheels make it fatty back tires I'm
gonna be doing full powder coat changes
now the powder coating I won't be doing
that myself I'm thinking the theme of it
is gonna be like a kind of a lowrider
classic matte black everything except
like a tan leather seat and tan leather
grips so it's just like this old-school
badass fat rear tire thinner front tire
just it's gonna be sick right now it's
it's this and don't get me wrong just
like this it is so much fun to ride
but we're gonna have a good time turn
this into something badass I want to
show you guys how quiet this 50 cc motor
is and I'm in an echoing garage so it
will be it'll sound a little bit louder
it's so quiet it's nothing now but that
thing will be something and we'll all do
this together I'll do the work you guys
just like hang out
enjoy hey buddy how are you how's your
leg doing look at this tongue mr. Harvey
is currently injured he's hurt and I
don't know what happened I went to lunch
with Andrea not today this was two days
ago actually went to lunch came back and
Harvey walked over to say hello like he
always does except this time he wasn't
using his back leg his back left leg and
look this is what it looked like look
right here okay
so he's not using his his leg and I
don't know what happened right away I
sent that video to Matt over devil√≠s
ranch or vet ranch because he's a
veterinarian he said it could
potentially be a torn ACL which I hope
it's not but right now he's starting to
put his foot down and use it and he's
feeling better and he's kind of doing
stairs again something that which I
don't really want him to do but with
that being said we're probably thinking
that it's a sprain and he's just
currently a little hurt but let's cross
our fingers and hope Harvey gets a
speedy recovery right but
thanks buddy I have been waiting all day
for studying that was supposed to be
shipped today and it did get shipped and
the tear what I'm waiting for is this
little thing well I should save this big
thing which kind of pisses me off if you
guys don't know what this is this is the
mic adapter for the GoPro so this is
what you plug in a GoPro so that you
could plug in an external mic it's
already a huge rig when I put my GoPro
on here but somehow I'm gonna have to
figure out how to mount this too maybe
with like velcro back here you like that
and then put a mic on it and wire that
in it this is just why would they do
this I don't need both those pours I
just need the 3.5 millimeter that's it
this is ridiculous I was hoping to get
that early enough to set it up set my
helmet up for motovlog stuff so I can
actually take the scooter out and show
you or maybe even the Grom or something
but I guess I'm gonna have to wait on
that because it's now night I got to
wake up pretty early for sign tomorrow
so I'm just gonna probably call it here
grab something eat and then go to bed
so I hope you guys enjoyed watching I
hope you're excited about future vlogs
that come with with the ruckus build and
everything and you guys wants to see a
lot of updates on my social media stuff
that's not here so make sure if you
don't this is a shameless plug but I'm
telling you you'll miss out if you don't
follow me on Twitter and Instagram at
Alex Mandel and that's all I got for you
so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
