hey guys this is gonna be a little
different than a blog actually
completely different than a blog this is
gonna be a storytime I've seen other
youtubers do storytime and I wanted to
try it out because not every day I have
a vlog but it would be cool to be able
to tell you guys some stories about
things that have happened in my life on
days that I don't have a lot but I
figured I'd give it a shot to see what
you guys thought because I do have some
crazy stories and today's is especially
crazy I'm gonna tell you about how one
time I almost got arrested for
kidnapping and murder actually I also
got myself some bourbon because why not
when I was about 15 years old I had a
girlfriend
I know surprise surprise what she was
great she was nice girl she's funny girl
she had a great family a great parents
everything but what I didn't know about
was when she was a baby she was taken
away from her birth mother and I don't
know why it wasn't my business to figure
out why her to ask her why but this is
something I learned a little later her
birth mother contacted her and told her
that she needed help and wanted her to
visit her any normal person let's just
you know I'm gonna use the worth of the
name Lauren her name is not Lauren but
we'll just call her Lauren Lauren should
have at this point told her parents that
hey I want to visit my birth mother or
you know maybe just do something that
someone normal would do except she
wasn't normal and she loved drama and
she loved to make things crazy and make
things intricate and that's exactly what
she did because a week before this whole
incident even happened she was in Canada
with her friend about to fly back and
she had all this planned out she left
her friend for an hour only to come back
to find security crying saying that a
man tried to kidnap her this was all
everyone thought this was crazy security
helped her she got her flight home she
was all good no one had known that this
was actually staged as a pretense to
what she was about to do she made it
look like some guy was stalking her and
wanted to potentially kidnap her
she then about a week later said messed
up her room broke a little window in her
place right by where you can unlock a
door and made it look like someone had
come in
and kidnapped her why because she was
gone she didn't tell me she didn't tell
anyone of course she if she told me I
would have said to not do that but she
didn't she didn't tell anyone she just
left and she found her birth mother
everyone was freaking out obviously the
police were called her parents are
freaking out and if you guys have ever
watched any crime shows who is the
number-one suspect the boyfriend now I
was only 15 but what do I mean 15
year-olds could do some stupid shit they
contacted me I thought you know I don't
know anything I was like if I hear
anything I'll let you guys know but she
hasn't told me anything I was worried
here's my girlfriend missing I thought
she was kidnapped I was like oh my god
what am I supposed to do
can't do anything this was in the days
of MySpace I get contacted on MySpace
now her name let's call her Lauren her
name on MySpace was Megan this girl
Megan contacted me and said you know who
this is
I need your help and I was like oh this
has to be this has to be Lord
I called her parents thinking that
that's what I should do right I should
call her parents and be like hey I think
I'm talking to her and I did that next
thing you know investigators are talking
to me like hey what did she say blah
blah all this stuff and I was like okay
I mean I wanted to help them I wanted to
find my girlfriend right wouldn't you
things started to get weird they started
to ask me more questions about where I
was on certain days or something that
and I was like okay well you know
obviously they have to just cover all
grounds so that's fine and I didn't know
that they started following me to see
where I was going what my actions were
see what was going on just as a
precaution which would have been okay
except while they were following me and
this is the time I didn't have my
license yet so my parents would have to
drive me wherever I was going my dad
drove me to Home Depot because I needed
three things this is where things got so
weird because so cool I mean it's just
it couldn't get any worse they were
watching me and I bought three things
what rope two
and three a shovel those were the three
things I bought rope duct tape and a
shovel what the hell does that sound
like they were like oh my god he's got
her he's gonna do something he's gonna
something's gonna happen it's la they
were freaking out
I had no idea Here I am just my own
things I needed with my dad they're like
and now his dad is involved
his dad knows what happened he's gonna
help him cover it up help me cover up
what I didn't do anything she's gone for
about a week now oh wait she's gone for
a week and I get more calls and then my
dad's manager calls him and tells him
look they are gonna start releasing like
things to say that they think that you
are involved they were gonna ruin your
name my dad like what the hell the hell
my involved and that's when we learned
that they said what is the Rope duct
tape and shovel for and he was like ruff
don't take a shovel and then he
remembered Oh Home Depot of course we
lived in a gated community and until
they had the arrest warrant they
couldn't come in to arrest me they were
waiting on it so they said it would take
about an hour and a half they were
waiting around the gated community with
cops they said that if I leave I will be
arrested of course I didn't leave
I stayed there and my dad and I would
try to figure out what to do I was
trying to message that girl on MySpace
this girl Lauren try to message her so
that we could fix it somehow we had an
hour and a half before they were gonna
release on the news that I had
involvement and my dad had an
involvement in her potential kidnapping
and murder yeah
right before maybe a hour before they
were gonna release she walked up her
driveway and her parents found her and
all was well I mean it did turn out that
her birth mother did try to keep her at
the house and not let her leave when she
got there but all of that could have
been avoided if you just weren't such a
just so crazy who does that I have a lot
of stories like that that was the time
that I was almost arrested we're
kidnapping and murder most people have
no idea that has even happened or that
we had any involvement I thought it'd be
fun to tell you guys and it's far enough
in my past where it's not gonna affect
us hopefully but I hope you guys enjoy
watching and if you do like these story
times and you want to hear more stories
let me know in the comments below and if
you hate it let me know too because I
don't have to do it but I figured you
guys just love to hear things and I love
to tell you things so thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you
guys again soon bye e
