a couple of blogs ago Andrea thought it
was hilarious to come over while I was
in the shower wait outside and as soon
as I came out she scared the shit out of
me with a Taser well she's coming over
now I told her I was just gonna be in
the shower so just come on in except
this time I'm gonna give her a little
taste of her own medicine
cuz she hates this thing here she comes
that was good you got me
look look look I'm sorry are you then I
am hey guys it's a good day today I
already started off fantastic I was just
getting you back
oh yeah you are more than welcome yeah
and now would be giving a tank yeah here
the shit out of me but I hey did it it's
okay kid I'm so scared he knows I'm
really scared of loud noises yeah she is
so I was a little worried I was like I
don't want to like totally terrified but
then I realized I don't care anyways
we're gonna have a good day today why
because it always is that didn't make
sense yeah today is gonna be a good day
because it always is it is you know we
did it all right
oh my god you're so Harry Harry
oh my god your legs are still up hi this
is my crotch oh oh oh
so he knows what he wants no he sinks
you stinky Harvey yeah is he stinky
state-o used to be let me do that's not
him Oh someone needs a bath
should we take him get him bad you wanna
do that yeah Harvey one go get it bad
Lou can take you get it bad
come here yeah are you ready to go
alright hardy come let's go let's go
laughing come on I don't think he's
gonna be as excited when you
what's actually happening he loves
getting bad yeah
you like that yeah baby what's those
that all right let's get you nice and
clean nice lifting his leg for you
well again coming in thought would I get
I just getting hosted I tried to get
your shirt all right you ready goes get
dried off you ready to go dry off yeah
all right who said who's a good boy -
the good boy is it Alec yeah good boy
Harvey come on
see he's so ready Harvey is all clean
except I I feel a little bad but Alex
sprayed me in it in it the her bra my
bra bled onto my shirt I told her I said
what I mean I told her I'd go buy her a
new shirt because I know that she got
that shirt down a third street she
literally just got it like she was like
no you don't have to but she got it
yesterday and I was like I'm gonna I'm
gonna go take it away at 13 it is I'm
still gonna buy you two shirt oh I'll
buy a new shirt oh I'm gonna buy it oh
yeah let's get you a new shirt
Oh
I got you I got you I gotta put you guys
down for a second while I help a real
quick
this
I broke records on you oh so we've
gotten a new shirt yeah it wasn't the
same shirt but but do you like is it
very it is a very very nice shirt I felt
really bad for ruining her other shirt
it was also she was also like he was
like no no no I'm gonna buy it I was
like it's a she's like it's fine she's
like I'll get another one I was like no
I will buy it she was being so difficult
about it but you oh it's time I allowed
in to buy a shoe because I ruined it
it looks good so I made her look good I
feel good right now yeah we are now
going to the UI light concert yeah I
mean it's not like Twilight the movies
just called the Twilight other Twilight
concert it's like at Twilight whoa
okay here's on a mission and it's a cool
concept here so she's never been and we
try to make it last weekend but we kind
of missed it we got a lot I remember
late and Boren's played and I was so
upset they didn't know that he was
playing yeah I missed him we are walking
up to the pier right now look at that
looks super nice oh my god it's close I
guess we're not letting yeah well we're
being in they literally closed the beer
but I have I have a wave right here we
got we got this yeah
there's a whole crowd coming this way
and we don't want them to see where we
go yeah we're back in that hotel that we
were in the other blog because they if
you go down levels they have a beach
access through the hotel notice there's
like no one in the hotel and the whole
crowd is outside trying to get through
the gates and they don't realize that
you can just go through the beach
entrance here
we may like to appear now we just gotta
go around even more yeah we're gonna
schmooze a little get to get a look
closer get you with liquor is where the
food is
so my place gets the beer I'll show my
nipples last time we were on the pier
Andrea wanted to talk about then that
night she got very first case of really
bad lead poisoning so obviously with
that in mind you don't want to eat it
again but I figured what Jin's limit and
get it again right within a couple days
oh my god well fingers crossed we are
leaving the pier now concerts done and
we did our pokemon hunting that we
wanted to do we got a bunch of new ones
I got a Lapras yeah hers wasn't 39 mine
wasn't 39 his was like a 300 something
yeah all my levels are always so much
higher than hers with the same I don't
know we have the same level so I don't
understand going on the game just likes
me but now I don't know where we're
gonna go we're probably gonna walk
around Santa Monica maybe go to a
bungalow the bar have myself a good
night good rest of the night and then we
already had her name yeah
good rest of the day we did have a good
rest of our night well we did he played
mr. chicken you want to stand up this is
weird believe all you see there we go oh
my God look how small my black everybody
we went back north and put our hand into
mousetraps as any what if that is and I
did well she's tough I think she I
should beat me she did it more times
than I did so who really want yeah oh
really yeah anyways we had such a good
time I'm not sure we're gonna do today I
we have some interesting ideas in mind
and you guys will see that coming up
soon so I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see we we
we'll see you again soon bye e he sad he
ran away from us you see each other
