hey guys it's a new day today and Andrey
and I I'm checking her to try something
new what do you do I have never done
this before I am going to try boxing yes
with Chris yeah my buddy Chris who
actually holds a world title in the same
weight class as Floyd Mayweather so I'm
a little scared
yeah probably indicated a lot of fun
timing I'm excited also are you so tired
all we did was jump rope for five
minutes
this is Chris by the way make it a
appearance on the blog old champion a
world champion that was going to kick
our ass
see you tomorrow eight o'clock you'll be
here just we got back we took a shower
how much fun was that so much fun this
is so my favorite thing I've done she's
already hooked I'm already like I'm
going tomorrow
yes I have it tomorrow again and she is
definitely gonna come with me now I
think and I think I have a boxing buddy
need to come with me but yeah I mean if
you guys ever want to check that out
Chris the one that we go to is a place
called box and burn in Santa Monica and
I I love it there they have these like
group classes and everything but I just
work personally with Chris but it's it's
so so so much fun I tried it a couple
times thinking like I just want to see
what it's like and I got hooked in now
now she did - now I tried it once no
Mike the whole time I'm like laughing
also good I know I kept looking over
every time but she's a smile and like in
pain is so much fun we were going over
to Loews Hotel in Santa Monica so that
we can get some drinks it by the pool
it's like a really nice place to just
like oh
oh hello
this is interesting look at this
that's cool we're just going to come
here hang out the pool go get some
drinks
oh well on the blog I'm just I don't
really here I'm sorry I can't thank you
oh yeah look at them thinking I'm here
to blog him I'm here to get you I'm here
blog Andrea we were coming here anyways
he's like oh you can't you can't do that
here I'm a water how car well you're not
that important no no no no the 18:19
money G get AG let's good yeah I know
so we got these drinks you guys have
seen him in my blog before when I was
here with Dennis but these are these
like really black charcoal cocktails you
gotta try to get sure they're really
really good
don't you think that's good look at this
now it's so pretty
oh my gosh
we decided to come to Costco Costco is
always time and we want some samples we
want some sample and we got to get stuff
for we're doing it we're doing a
challenge later this week and we need
stuff from here I can't tell you guys
what it is yet but you guys will kit and
and I'm in the cart because I'm a child
and I push you around the cart yeah I
don't want to grow up all I've been
doing is pulling and around this part
somehow this happens where you just been
grabbing alcohol while I've been going
by you can never have too much alcohol
what only a couple I see you hiding
stuff back there there's more back there
we just got some dinner yep
yes we got some dinner and now we're
going to go I don't know find something
to get into maybe you be third Street oh
maybe drunken Thursday John you know
third Street no we're not drunk we don't
drink but we will drink was what Adria
it was a Ledge Oh serious right now are
you officially that's real funny but
he's real funny I joined I totally would
have stayed that I live it's your ass
Craig oh my god but there's a Ledge okay
she would have got me if there wasn't a
ledge
she told me that she wants the that
she's comfortable to start blogging with
me that's why I've been giving her the
camera she was like oh I want to vlog
the next clip yeah I learned my lesson
maybe I don't give you the camera
pushing out of bushes we're gonna have
another camera so that I won't have I
have I still have my Sony one so she's
actually gonna just take over the Sony
one and I said you hold down to that one
and you can do whatever you want with it
so that for the vlog to make this great
for you guys so I guess just mess with
each other yeah
you're very welcome yeah when is pokemon
hunter huh oh I'm so over that today we
are walking down to the pier right now
because you got to see for those of you
that play look at look at what all of
these lore modules ago they're going off
look at that it is crazy there's so much
really
it's not I got a little excited
oh is that really oh my god hey max we
need a charge though oh my god that's
her favorite Pokemon by the way the
whole cloud is looking for jars there's
chores that I see that oh my god is
really where is it is it we gotta get
your
this is seriously what it's like every
night I hear if you guys have a chance
to come out of here do it it's like what
almost midnight yeah it's a little bit
Monday
it's a dragon there's a dragon that way
we can't even walk oh my god I see him I
see him
Adria he's on my finger God oh you do
the Fifi no okay no I might have got him
it's like the eighth time I've caught
him
I can't oh my god okay no I might have
got him come on come on
no you're wasting so many balls it's
worth it I know
all right this is it this is the one
no poker boss oh my god what do I do
I don't know I'm out of pokeballs I
can't catch him I think I've ever been
so my god I'm actually lost while char's
I ran and Alex ran out of protocols we
both feel really defeated right now
we're about the whole of that right
I can't hers ran away I was giving my
raspberries so it stayed but I used 140
something pokeballs until I ran out it
doesn't have to buy more just one needle
in the middle so I had to run someone's
not very happy he sad he ran away from
us you see each other
charter please come back we miss you
yeah this guy actually caught the stars
oh yeah look at look at that see oh my
god even has it oh my god higher than
mine yeah what's the level 7 27 27 it's
just as we're jealous yeah
congratulations on your catch we will
try to catch one yeah clearly you're a
better trainer than we are you know I
got the jersey on you know you feel me
like I gotta catch them all
it's so much fun to meet people out here
playing - everyone's so friendly so it
was really I'm really happy that he
actually caught it yeah I wish I go one
day yeah we were hunting with him for a
little bit yeah what happened last night
we lost the jars are we did oh yeah we
did that last night but we had a lot of
fun yeah I made some five yeah I hope
you guys really enjoyed this vlog this
was such a such a good day yeah it was
and that's all we got for you so I guess
we'll try now for it for now yeah so
we'll see you guys again soon
yeah okay bye II pulled my number off
yeah
ah my numbers coming up
Oh
