hey guys it's a new day today what are
we doing my ah it's gonna be our second
one we've ever done we had so much fun
in the first one was seriously one of
the most fun things we have we've ever
done yeah yeah and now we're gonna do
another one with you guys with you guys
people actually coming this time yeah
this time there's actually gonna be some
of you guys come to 18 there last time
we kind of got stood up by you guys but
the Sun everyone all it again we won't
hold against you we know that some
people don't want to pay money for to
come meet up and also they don't want to
do mud run
but if you ever have the opportunity to
do one do it we're picking someone else
up get out of your car get out hey get
out right
oh it's my sister
hello listen mr. Jackie its mr. Jackie I
said that by accident so I just went
with it you're scared to bring a towel
what if I have to go to the bathroom and
I'm like halfway through the course and
there's nowhere to go oh you just pee
and poo in the mud
do you really know you did that lesson
I'm gross I feel like you could hide you
could hide pee because your own money
and like wet right no no I pooped she
lowered the bag like just flipped in the
mud that's what we're swimming in well
the smell of this mud is so pungent we
just got here we are look at this look
at this we got all this stuff up there
this stuff I can't think yeah I can't
bring this camera though because it's
obviously not waterproof so like the
last mutter we did I have my GoPro
session and this is what's going to be
covering the mud run the shenanigans
there's this bitch she did it already we
go
his brother
some of the directional arrows filled
out I don't know if we're going the
right way
oh my god pull my number off yeah ah my
numbers coming up
Oh
I wanna make sure I go right in the
middle
humming wet there - duck oh my god
Oh
Oh
we're on a boat I'm Jackie Jackie
why Daleks and merges finally from this
that's right we won't cross unless we
cross together
I had the tiger you guys have fun yeah
you're dropping Jackie up in her car
right now before we head back I got a
shower and clean up we're dirty yeah hi
guys you probably got rocks and dirt
places yeah look at this
oh yeah so gross so I'm like okay bye oh
no with you you don't you just live a
good life like hey later oh my god he's
leaving okay I'm saying bye look oh my
god
we're holding everyone up you want to
try to leave - so you're actually gonna
go bye good bye
oh yeah perfect meal after a blood run
yeah I know we've been dying for food
from now we finally achieve
I love you back someone's getting a
Harvey hug are you giving her a Harvey
hug is that what you're doing hi hi yes
they love you so much he's given you a
Harvey hug oh yes
Oh snuggle time I would take you as my
own I am pretty tiring that time he's
already napped she did she didn't have
decided that it's time for her to go to
bed so this is where we are going to say
goodbye to each other and to you so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching today was
so much I was but every time I look at
it it makes me smile yeah we were
watching we already watch the blog a
couple times you guys should watch it
now but we watch it and just smile and
laugh at it so I hope that it gave you
guys the same react or you guys felt the
same way about it but we have more
content coming your way throughout the
week and we will see you guys again soon
bye
not you me
ah oh yeah well you say ruin your makeup
I don't think you're peeing oh my god
you're taking a shit
