hey guys it's a new day today and today
already started off pretty interesting
so I told her just to come in when she
gets here cuz I had to take a shower
after the gym normally where are you
when I come on murder on the couch she
don't ascend the couch so I was like
okay I'm sure she's already here
I took a little bit longer than the
shower and I opened the door you know
what
just watch this so I just got here but
alex is in the shower and I think I'm
going to scare the shit out of him when
he comes out
good stop it don't do it
no not gonna actually fucking tease you
I'm not a psycho oh my god hi hey happy
new day it's a new day what you eat it
all back you just catch it I want to
catch it I want to catch it
oh one more time yeah I don't think I
gotta there misses out here but no time
oh just threw it up and really hard oh
fuck we don't know yet what oh that's
not gonna work
he's a well it's just gonna blow up the
fish yes it is it's we're gonna shoot
into it does melts mmm it's just gonna
blow up yes it is oh my god shoot it did
you charge it up
shoots straight up no not at me no it's
gonna just like blow I'm saying that so
I can see it
hold on go for it it's just there's just
crumbs and pieces everywhere what did
you think was gonna happen I thought it
was like a shoe I love like propel the
goldfish out first and then you're
cleaning that up
she's so smart
look at what you brought up here myself
do it guys watch me do it yeah me yeah
well you actually we ever did snapping
on yours her snapchat by the ways just
go home Andrea which is very relevant go
home I think I said it too a lot yeah
yes Mina has my snapshots were actuals
afternoon yeah wait wait
just a little bit farther Andrea you're
doing great
yeah just keep it going oh yeah go go go
go go go yeah we got all this deliver
the guy wouldn't bring it up here was
actually on pallets and so we brought it
up using the boosted board but that was
kind of hell but you want to go get some
drinks oh yeah around the garage around
the entire building we couldn't just
like bring it upstairs no yeah they have
to be painting the whole first level so
we couldn't bring in and we had it was
hell but anyway think we're gonna go get
some drinks yeah yeah we're gonna go
celebrate buddy but you look so good
but you look so good yeah yeah yeah hmm
since Andrea scared me when she first
got here I'm gonna scare her while she's
doing her makeup
ah oh hey while you're doing your makeup
I don't think you're peeing
oh my god you're taking a shit you might
take a dish oh I'm sorry I'm going I'm
going
we are out at this place called playa
provisions and Playa del Rey get two
drinks yeah that's the El Chapo and
here's just like a spicy margarita spicy
margarita love you margarita
favorite drink
let me not is
good it's fine yeah strong
oh that's good ah that just hit a bike
oh oh oh no oh god I'm so sorry I have
to save it
oh no okay it's fine it's okay it flew
off Louie oh no no it's fucked up
oh you you are so bad sorry do you get
it
I have to push you so that you come yeah
yeah you can do it you can do it
oh you jump we are going out again
tonight so we need to fill up our flask
with some kettle one last time I did
yeah last time I use this was actually
in the last vlog where we went to mini
golf if you guys I'm okay
yesterday's vlog our experience at the
mini-golf place is probably one of my
favorite moments in ball game my
favorite blog that we've ever done it
was so funny oh my god fine did you you
suck so good you still missed I'm not
gonna say what it is people were
literally my favorite part of the vlog
people were taking a clip of that and
sending it to me on Twitter if you
haven't seen yesterday's blog you are
missing out I'll put a link in the
description so you don't even have to go
back to look at yesterday you could just
click on that link just okay the whole
mini-golf thing made me laugh so hard
and you'll see it she's just such it I
just suck so bad so funny whatever sucks
about anything about
so many people leaving Ono have a
concert on the pier Oh too much wind Oh
concerts on the pier but it's we were
trying to go to it but it just ended of
course of course but we're still gonna
have a great time on the pier I got it
so busy look at that whoa it is packed
look at that it is so packed oh yeah you
like that Taco Bell this doesn't get so
loud and I don't want to get a copyright
strike we had a lot of fun yeah we then
we've gained a lot of good fun good fine
lots of good and we're definitely gonna
go to like the the pier concert next
week because we kind of many kind of
miss it it's got like the very very tail
end not even that we didn't even make it
to the end we caught a lot of Pokemon
but we caught a lot of Pokemon we went
hunting today and we got our first gym
yes we took over the gym upon a burger
yeah but anyway that's all I got for you
today I really hope you guys enjoyed
watching we have so much fun doing this
and literally all day today we're just
like oh my god I'm just loving this it's
just so much fun it is it's a lot of fun
we did and on that note that that that's
it that's all I got for you so are we
just gonna see them again soon yes we
will see you very soon yeah I'll see you
guys again soon bye
oh no no
