hey guys it's a new day today hey what's
your name Andrew Harvey
nice to meet you Harvey so I actually I
went to the gym and I already ate she
didn't eat I'm not gonna go he gets us
yeah yeah get a little bit food get a
little bit of energy and then we're
gonna have myself a good day today is
gonna be a good day why because it
always
about a week and a half ago I filmed
with drew Scott if you guys ever watched
the property brothers well if you
haven't you should but we ended up
shooting a drink video where I wanted to
do like another mouth guard challenge
like the one I did with Roman but I did
it with chugging beer it was good yeah
this is so much fun I've logged that day
I didn't want to put it out because he
actually filmed a bunch of collabs and
he what he's not doesn't put them up
every single day like if I film a video
it's up the next day so I was like oh
well I can't like say I did it not
release the video I'm gonna take you
guys back a week and a half ago and you
guys are going to have that day with us
again yeah yeah I mean gonna be first
time for you but again again again for
us we went to the store to go pick up
some beer and we were gonna get I really
like to drink like I like Mexican beers
especially like I love Dos Equis Andrea
is a big Corona fan yes I oh yeah so but
instead because I don't know if you guys
knows and for those of you that aren't
in the u.s. Budweiser which is an
American beer has changed their branding
for temporarily and they're now on their
bottles instead of saying Budweiser it
says America
you drink until America in America yeah
cheers to America anyway we are filming
here we're just done a few things and it
was really good to meet you so now that
you're America this is when we come
close yeah so we are going to film some
videos for the drink channel for
everything I know that you guys probably
know officer Daniel as well you got to
see who my cameraman is today hey mr.
cameraman mr. Kim mr. cameraman I think
I got that I think you do there's like
one of these buttons I can press don't
work right one of them should start it
the lens cap is still on
she's like the weird thing is it was
black the whole time I'm sure I got it
I'm like pretty from the video that we
did for the drinks channel I my shirt is
really wet and we filmed something for
Drew's here for the Scott brothers
Channel yeah I'm not anymore in Jenin
yeah and that's what I did where I did
wear one of your shirts it was a black
shirt was was very fitted I felt very
your pectorals were really emphasized
yeah well anyway guys make sure that you
go check out his channel as well and you
can see the stuff that I did on there
and that's just the Scott brothers
that's I'll put a link down the
description so you guys can go check
that out as well and that'll be down
there with my drinks channel link so I'm
just giving you guys links up links like
son likes wigs on wigs on links on links
yeah yeah
everyone thought I did that I was like
no I was just showing you I thought oh
it looks like it I know I was trying my
shoes anyways we're out that was all we
had from that day we are going to
continue all on having ourselves a good
day make sure you check out that drink
video in the description below though so
you can check it out that was a really
funny one especially if you like the
mascot challenge you'll like this one
but to continue on the drinking trend we
got ourself a flask here oh yeah what
it's a stashing through the snow secret
sister got that for me when I had my
mustache and everything the reason why
we're gonna have to fill a flask we're
probably gonna fill the vodka was
because Andrea and I are gonna go
mini-golfing we decided to go mini god
we decided to go mini golfing oh yeah
yeah we are we are walking into Castle
Park to play some mini go you almost got
kicked out you said she always got
kicked out maybe for drinking well they
won't know that that's what we're doing
this time
it is time time
I feel like I'm in high school all over
again not that I ever drank in high
school I know
Cheers
let me know how it tastes strong yeah a
little bit it's one always who's like I
beat it just sit
yeah this is the penis go lady that's my
wiener I'm trying to play wow you got me
right in the right LeTip is that the
psycho house
yeah here you go this low light makes me
wet
did you make it in you got this
yeah
whoa you didn't is it it's gonna come
back Oh bye-bye
don't know
Oh No get it yeah first try hole 18 this
one's like skee-ball it has a little
ramp thing and try to get it in those
holes get it in the hole oh yeah was
kind of close my chain the saddest one
all night we are in a new day
what do you want that good at things oh
it's not that good at anything okay she
kicks my ass and a lot of it
she might be better than me at most
things but a miracle ain't one of them
anyways guys I hope you guys enjoyed
watching please make sure you go click
that link in the description to check
out the drink video and I will see you
guys again soon go bye Josh out out I
was named Al he's giving me my three
birthday parties yes
we got chicken yeah we got chicken for
you with chicken skewers when there's
beef back there
