hey guys it's a new day today and I
don't really know we got it's Sunday for
me so I mean what do you do on a Sunday
kind of chill relax do do cool hangout
stuff I mean today is gonna be a good
day why because it always is isn't that
right dude isn't that right it's always
a good day oh you got I boogers you
gross dude your eye boogers are all gone
you're all clean and you're happy you're
a pee-pee mr. Greg is coming up right
now poke at market oh yeah getting
scared trying to hold back the camera
whoa yeah are you you ready for lunch
let's get a lot of it we're getting
lunch one of my friends that I haven't
seen in so long just hit me up and told
me that he is working at a sushi place
on Abbot Kinney so we're gonna head over
there and grab some lunch over there and
be able to see him it'll be so cool we
all went to school together my friend
that we're visiting and Greg and me and
everything and we're actually all in a
rock band together that is true we were
in a rock band together we are I was a
drummer he was bass player well they are
you know we're visiting was guitarist
yet you had a we want long hair we all
had really long hair we were in the
newspaper that was uh I think I photos
for the day you everyone to know every
soften you send me the picture of the
newspaper that's what we're heading
right now to get some sushi you guys
have seen him in a blog like a while ago
it's been a while but now
that was mine yeah
that one's got it's called lying honey
and chili salt almost like a like a
different burst like a spicy margarita
go on tour come back to fly the top
right
for every now and then
ok tacos
yeah what'd you think it was good right
good it was good the food was good the
good the drinks were great it's always
good to see Larry told me should come by
later I think we're gonna do a BBQ yeah
okay yeah we're doing a BBQ later but my
roof isn't super lit to do like a night
thing it is lit enough and it has a fire
pit and stuff but I think we're gonna go
to Home Depot try to find some like rope
lighting or some whatever so we can
really like make the roof wit and nice
we need to find out where they have the
rope lights or things like that on the
string lights they have lights
everywhere here but I just don't know
where every time we see a pet store we
couldn't find the lights we wanted at
home depot and what we tried like he's
about to say every time we see some sort
of pet store or fish supply especially
fish supply he has some weird fuckin
fish store fish store is going on a
business
have to go check it out he won he wants
to go check out aquariums stuff which is
fun but I want lights he's a glue fishes
we could eat it oh look at the fishes it
got get goes there's a chameleon up
there I don't see the chameleon I don't
see it know where he is what I know lees
0 with it a tomato frog in the back I
want out let me out
it's always so hard to come to like the
cat and dog adoptions because I always
want to adopt them Harvey does need a
friend right no document oh that was
such a good safe oh you got your foot we
gave you don't drop them don't drop that
don't drop that dose of keys since I
couldn't find the lights that I wanted
at home depot i checked amazon prime now
for those you don't know what that is
prime now is probably the best thing
that has ever happened to me to some
cities that have it you could get rather
than like free two-day shipping that
Amazon does it comes within like the
hour or free for two hours but I want
these lights now no I'm not sponsored no
I have no affiliation I just love this
select prime now has delivered my lights
and it only took them about 20 minutes
to deliver it JK confirm that we're
starting the grill in right now I got
the fire going comfortable and check out
this so i set the lights i had 48 volt
of lights oh i see cam there my future
brother-in-law and i was like i hope it
can go like see these it goes the length
of this then up to that pole and then
back down and connects to that pole and
it's the perfect length it is literally
perfect and then you guys are going to
see the reveal when we turn it on to see
how good it looks cuz it is pretty dark
up here it's like it's not super late
it's only lit up by the fire which is
why only needed lights on this side okay
let's see I'm going to stand back he's
gonna plug those in let's see how it
looks
plug it in you idiot oh oh yeah that
it's so much brighter now the tables lid
you can say the steak look at that am I
good or what sickies listen oh yeah whoa
John shout out Alex Mandel he's giving
me my three birthday parties yes spots
we got chicken yeah we got chicken for
you with chicken skewers when there's
beef back there would you be some be I
mean the beef yeah I did go over today
by the way should do it you said you did
the real yoga really oh yeah I'm looking
for this food
oh yeah making s'mores Oh melty
marshmallow I brought the bartender home
yeah he's gotta chill you had a row only
home oversight things they'd do lot of
things the drinks were good though and
the food was good there but now I feel
like that's a long time ago in the blog
long time ago everyone just left it was
going around people here and it is now 3
22 in the morning I have to wake up at
six thirty four something that sounds
Pleasant that sounds extra pleasant but
I did have a good night I had a good day
and a lot of fun and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching two and i will see you
guys again soon goodbye shoe in the
closed
