hey guys it's a new day today oh look it
was you good morning good morning mr.
Harvey good morning
oh you sleepyhead are you sleepyhead I
have to spend a lot of the day today
editing and everything but I am waiting
for a certain package to come in that
I'm very super super excited about so I
guess I'll just do my work edit and
everything and just wait on this package
yeah
something brand new just came in and I
am very excited about it very very very
excited about I've been waiting the
canon powershot g7x mark to watch let's
open this bitch in case you guys don't
know what I'm currently using and what
this is being shot on is the Sony rx100
Mark 4 and it's it's good great camera
it's been a great camera but I actually
switched from the g7 X the original one
to this Sony because it was just better
after watching so many videos and
reading reviews and just seeing a lot of
test shots I knew I needed to get this
one thing in particular is it just has
such amazing low-light capabilities and
I am I like to go out at night I like to
go out like it's a drink I like to have
a good time and I want to be able to
share that with you guys if you've
noticed that a lot of times I don't do
too much night stuff because this camera
although it hasn't you know good
low-light it's not great this is great
in this box
open it up
Kanon limited warranty on that I'm
assuming this is yes this is the getting
started this is the guidebook BAM I
don't need that either configure it out
will you figure this out right okay
okay let's take this and now you have it
oh this feels damn I had the original
g7x let me just tell you this just feels
solid and amazing
oh dear end this oh look at this this
rubber part right here that's money
that's money right there tell me a
little bit I mean I hold it like this
because I've logged but even still just
having that grip and a thumb grip back
here yeah let's see the screen still
flips up and like the Sony one can come
out from here and the reason why you
want this is if I want to go up high I
can tilt it downward and be able to
sorry I can hold it up here and be able
to like see so that I can hold it above
my head and be able to still see the LCD
screen oh look at this look at this so
this wheel sometimes you want it I don't
know if you can hear this yeah you can
do that that clicking noise so that you
can know like increments to move on but
if you're filming if you're doing video
you don't necessarily want that in case
you're doing it while you're filming so
there's a little switch here
let's continue to go through the box
also in the box is a battery good I need
that it's a wrist strap I don't use that
although I should and a wall charger
which is great because this Sony
actually doesn't come with a with a wall
charger you have to plug in the camera
and I bought one separately and the
reason why I bought a wall charger is
because I usually buy an extra battery
keep one charge and keep one in the
camera so when I get home after a lot of
filming I could just swap batteries that
is all that is in the box now you guys
will just have to see that camera in
action when I start using it for the
vlogs I got to charge up the battery and
everything like that but you guys will
see it soon and he's coming up right now
I see I see it we will play a lot of
Pokemon go clearly because I want
someone feeling it we heading out to the
bar
damn oh and I'm using the new camera
right now I'm so excited oh I like it I
like your tail damn we're gonna see if I
can even get in we don't even know if
they're gonna like allow me to enter
their club they might but already I'm
loving this because this is so good it
low light
it's so funny because at this club we
watching everyone walk out with like
dresses and heels and everything
I think it's that I think it's done here
what is a GI dude oh he's right here
ready
Oh No Oh No
boom a wild pikachu has a beard yeah
it's now the next day we are going to go
eat and then I really know what else we
got
you got your leftovers I do you gonna go
home yeah Harvey was come to say goodbye
and you did so long you're the kind of
eating hair yeah he doesn't care anyway
yeah let's say bye to you here buddy
hey buddy and that's all I hope you guys
for today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon goodbye
she was so comfortable things I do for
this long you for the drink still I'm in
the eye
