hey guys it's a new day today actually
for me it's a new night because I didn't
really vlog much today I just kind of
hung around and caught up on stuff and
had to edit some some stuff that you'll
see next week
not for the vlog mainly actually for the
drinks channel but that brings me to
look look who's here
oh hey hi you look so comfortable you
know listen my weird for the hedgehogs
they're hedgehogs kissing hedgehogs
kissing well we are doing something fun
today for the drinks channel we're gonna
be doing a video that just kind of like
a weekend like a test like a test video
you'll see what I mean cuz that link is
already in the description below I love
it when I just like commit to it by
saying that even though I don't even
know how this video is gonna turn out we
have a shot it yet but great it's gonna
be great today is gonna be a good day
why because it always is yeah for the
video we're doing we are in my bathroom
my bathtub gets used a lot for pictures
or videos and everything like that and
this time I wanted to put Andrea in my
bathtub okay to that yeah except
typically I would love to be in a
bathtub but this bag is going to be a
little filled a nice little not as
we shake on like a bath or something to
put in there with it yeah just a weird
like blue pink ice bath and we're
filling this ice bath we also have some
bourbon here you guys can make some
guesses of what it is or you can just
watch the drink video no but we are
going to get this filled up getting
prepped and ready to go
and I'm exhausted it's for you for me
the other thing so one shitty thing
about this bath is it pours out so slow
takes forever this is a gigantic back
Hey yeah burn we're just going to be
having to get in that which gonna pour
that yeah I was gonna for future
reference do you want to put it in
should I put it yeah all right please
look it up no it's just one area I know
it's really hard a-port one block rather
than just like
cool
that is so I see many the goodies so
hard
give us a you're gonna have glass
cutters we can't have a bathtub video
without Oh candles yeah I can't odelay
tip oh no no no holy shit that's cold
oh my god like hurting my foot it's a
ball how you feelin it she was so
comfortable the things I do for this
vlog for you for the drinks channel
thank you
under the eyes oh I feel so bad it was
really cool he likes what is
she goes I want you to do this no no
okay you can do it well I turn on the
shower now so I'm editing the drink
video right now
you guys gotta see this without even
trying look at this lunch when I pull
this back the first key what is that
face I don't even like look when I
started there was it wasn't for anything
was like me just reaching for the button
so good we are jumping over to a new day
we didn't do much last night we like
started to watch a movie and then both
of us got really tired and went to sleep
so not much happened but you could tell
that you're wearing my sweatpants still
your comfy clothes turn a walk turn them
up that's right guys you should you
should follow me at Alex Mandel we are
about to film another video we got this
set up we're gonna film it here and this
will be for like a meetup announcement
and the announcement you guys will see
it tomorrow
so I'm gonna put that up tomorrow and
you guys will it it is a local one I
mean pretty local but you guys will find
out about all the information find out
about all the information tomorrow no
words are coming out of my mouth what's
weird nope it cuts it out it reddit
tomorrow
if anyone looks at me I'm just like
walking behind you filming you but this
is this is my advertisement as we go to
lunch and it's looking like a mess the
only shoes I had really you'll see
leaving so soon Leeman oh but you just
got here yesterday yeah let's go okay
well I gotta edit this get this up get
it get my day started and go pick up
Harvey and just have a good rest of the
day so that's all I got for you for
today I think it's I think it's time to
go by II gotta conserve Mike he almost
got hit by the car it is just just watch
and that'll be yeah and then that'll be
