hey guys it's been a while it's actually
been a little bit more than a while and
I apologize and and honestly I just it's
not even that I that I don't care enough
it's recently been that I think I care
too much and I picked up the camera a
few times and I was like ah they're not
gonna like this
this isn't good I don't want this to be
on the Internet not proud of this but
you know I think I just need to like
tone that thought process down a little
and just enjoy it have fun do things as
we do it and you guys enjoy it because I
miss you guys even even you haters out
there
I miss you too because I don't get to
read comments when I don't post videos
so let's get back to vlogging you know
you're not allowed on the couch Seth you
are not allowed buddy okay I'll let it
slide all in its line we're down at
third Street
mr. Seth mr. dad what mr. Seth mr sztyc
do you like mr. Seth this is good yeah
and mr. dad we're good we want to see if
any of the stores have apparently I got
a call that the new mouth guard
challenges out and I want to see if it's
in any of these stores possible do they
have it in here puzzles it usually
carries it yeah they do
we'll check in here though
we're gonna walk
got it it's the new one I think I think
you're scared of that it's my son yeah
none you didn't buy that no you think
you play it
no don't play it don't dead you're gonna
have to pay for it if he's putting your
way good boy dad stop
don't open it did he tell you this far
guys let's just keep it going
hey I have one I could give him Heidi
you guys stop it
if you go to a store that has open it or
you buy it
that pay for that that we're going your
shirt really makes sense today and I
just say to you thank you for coming to
puzzles ooh come again
all right good night come on did you
embarrass me
can we go I'm sorry you know what what
I'm sorry if I embarrassed you
I think they actually carried in this
store - if they do carry it in the sugar
but we don't need to don't know if they
got the new one uh-huh okay we'll just
check that's it okay I see it
yeah okay yeah I know I got it
look at that yeah well you don't do the
same thing my son okay okay my dad I'm
not letting him do that again
time to leave
for me
thank you
nothing what is happening
Andrea's here hey I have a word of
advice for you if my dad ever says like
hey let's go to 3rd Street and go
shopping don't cuz it's embarrassing
I'll show you when I get it this video I
also have something pretty cool that I
want you guys see because this is coming
soon not yet and it's probably been like
a long time in the I mean you guys been
waiting for this and I'm finally getting
to it you guys have seen this helmet and
I said that I was going to potentially
motovlog soon and I wanted to the thing
about this helmet is for a GoPro mount
it's pretty much impossible up here I
know they make certain connections here
but it would block my vent and this
whole area here is actually ridges like
this is a lip right here so I can't
mount anything here the only place that
be able to mount is like back here
because this is also a modular helmet so
this line right here this whole front
part lifts up so I did this I've put it
right behind a line on the flat part
there so it is a side view but I think
that's pretty cool and of course I could
adjust this down or up or out or in but
that's the rig I got right now the only
reason I am NOT motovlogging right this
second is because I haven't integrated a
mic setup yet I'm trying to figure out
and if any of you guys have suggestions
for mic setup maybe I'll ask
six-foot-four Honda or photo grammar or
someone what their suggestion is on a
mic on a good mic and wire that in and
as soon as I do that we get some
motovlogs coming your way look at these
streets getting in the Christmas spirit
isn't that lovely thanks again mr. Jake
what's up guys it's not even
Thanksgiving yet it's not Thanksgiving
but there's no lights or anything for
Thanksgiving to hang turkeys all on all
the truth that's really dark no like oh
oh decorate that mixer yes like I get it
like Halloween it's it's a decoration
inspired holiday like you put up a bunch
of scary stuff and the next decoration
sponsored one others I'd not sponsored
decoration specific one it's Christmas
they're just skipping Thanksgiving yeah
do you decorate for Thanksgiving I
spotted Jake in his natural habitat
we're back at my place and we're about
to we're about to about to have some fun
here yeah yeah yeah Call of Duty World
War two
Wow it made the whole screen like super
dark out so soon I'm just kidding I'm
tired too yeah sort of tomorrow you're
gonna say yeah I'll text you tomorrow
see ya okay guys that is it look at that
we've come to the end of of the first
vlog back after it's been so long I
don't know do you know maybe you guys
loved it maybe you guys hate it but I
enjoy doing it so it's been too long for
me so I'm happy I'm happy we did this
that's all I got for you I'm gonna I'm
gonna go to bed
so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
