hey guys it's a new day today and I am
with the lovely Andrea hello we're going
to party city because we have a drink
video we want to do for the fourth of
July and content for you guys yeah
bringing you back some drinks some cool
stuff and we're hoping that they'll have
some things that we need here party city
for it Oh
so early
and if they have it then great we don't
need to keep driving around and find
stuff and then we're gonna make the
video I think I think this one's gonna
be cool they didn't have what I wanted
at party city but we saw this going by
now California isn't so great when it
comes to fireworks but we have some
things that are that are fun jerks so we
can get some stuff and there's some
stuff in here that we want to use for
the video too so you see what they cut
my dad asked me to help him shoot
something that he needed for something
else anyway I can't show you the stuff
that we were shooting but I have a clip
from that that I want to show you guys
sometimes when people recognize my dad
it could be a little bit dangerous this
guy was come by an escape board wanted
to say hi to my dad you need to see how
close he was to getting hit by a car he
almost got hit by the car it is just
just watch I definitely thought that
that guy was about to get hit I have no
idea how he jumped off so fast and
didn't even he didn't even touch the car
he didn't even touch it but it's a hook
this crazy so actually that happens a
lot in santa monica when I ride my
booster board I like to ride on the
street obviously right like in the bike
lane I don't ride on the sidewalks
because our alleyways never have like
they don't have like a mirror up or
anything to tell you or so you could see
like who's walking across or what's
going on so it's scary to ride a
skateboard or to do something where
you're going fast and you can't stop for
like or look around the corner because
cars do just fly out so that way they
could see what's in the street they
shouldn't be they should be stunned
first to see if there's someone on the
sidewalk but it can get pretty scary
what he's gonna go again
always doing come on Oh what is he still
humming oh come on you Andrea what are
you cleaning and Harvey is spent he did
finish yeah yep Andrey and I like to go
on you now periodically so that we could
talk to all of you guys and that's where
we're on right now it's just you know
calm / Alex Mandel and that's what we're
doing right here look hi friend I'd say
hi say hi and what's he height yeah yeah
oh thank you hi right now we got about
480 if you sometimes as more as much
less but one thing that we're doing
today is we're playing truth or dare and
a lot of you guys have been asking us to
do different things last one was Angie
got to make whatever drinks you wanted
from my bar and put it into a shot she
knew that if she picked the creamy ones
and mixed it with the not so creamy ones
it would curdle and it turned into this
I know enough yeah look at that that is
disgusting it is made with like these
ones and in Japanese whiskey and oh my
god it looks like the worst Flemmi
loogie ever I'm sorry I'm kind of not
but like I'm excited to see you thinking
I'm sorry
Oh cheers guys hey OH ah there you go
here we go there you go it was fibrous
going down here that was so disgusting
you know when you're kind of sticking to
go and you sniff and then you get that
weird chunky loog in the back your
throat that's what it felt like going
down blah I did that check out what I'm
gonna wear for the drink video we Andrew
and I are about to make right it's
pretty cool it actually looks like i'm
wearing a vest this is all just a
t-shirt and everything and look at look
at this one look at that one oh so
festive festive yeah and we're gonna
make a really cool drink video that the
link is already in the description so
make sure you guys go check out we
haven't even shot it and I'm look at
this I'm confident I'm telling you that
the link is in the description below hey
check it out I already know it's gonna
be cool just just you'd be stupid not to
disclose person could the link for the
drink video we had to light sparklers
and in here and there is I have all the
fans going on high and everything
there's it's already like kind of
clearing out we were so worried the
smoke alarms go ahead if we filled this
place of smoke there is smoke under
every light and everything but it's
clearing out I turned out even the stove
thing to like try to suck it up I don't
know but I mean it's coming out cool
we're like just we're about to just film
the ending to the drink video and then
we'll be good but it's good so far it's
great so good yeah I can killed it well
guys not too much happened yesterday I
just wanted to make sure that we got it
all edited and everything the drink
video is already out so make sure you
click that link in the description it is
super cool turned out great and yeah go
check that out let me know what you
think we're gonna be putting some more
content on the drinks channel already
come have more ideas by we I mean Andrea
and I we've been working together to try
to get cool content out for you guys so
I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
happy fourth of July I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
