hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently driving over to my sister
Jackie's house to help her celebrate her
one year of vlogging that's that's a big
accomplished that's a dedicated that's
that's dedication I don't know what what
we're gonna do to celebrate I think she
has something she wants to do but I do
know that we are celebrating and we're
gonna have a good day why because every
day is a good day Oh every video that
when you have kids to ten times longer
than you can't leave a tad like a huge
video that I'm planning on doing it in
the background I'll get some footage to
show you guys what she means while they
are filming this time yeah by the way
hello hi you want to introduce yeah I
know that's that's marlin and for
marlins world I'm just gonna keep it on
you you just keep telling them and uh hi
these my niece Abby's your knees yeah I
like you I like your style thank you
thank you yeah we got it from my friend
Alex s also i went there and i was like
yo Alex llamado pet isn't at the
penthouse close yeah well yeah I have a
very big selection full drawer black
shirts full drawer of black jeans
a lot of oil to work trying to serve a
kid what we're going through I'm
bullshitting with supporting head and he
endeavors just a poor heather honey bee
here oh oh my gosh almost eight okay
stick the labor walk no I can do me
something thicker awesome there you go
very nice now we're gonna roll it like
don't drop it roll it wow we're doing
guys look at this oh well that's cool in
see this intact this channel effed up Oh
what whoa whoa Abby look at this look at
the game oh my gosh holy Sh the nigga so
thank you everyone for my one year of
logging and celebrating with me here's
to another year of logging that's gonna
be even better than the last
no I was supposed to leave my sister's
house a while ago but as we were leaving
my sister freaked out because Abby had
actually slipped and they had
accidentally had a knife out I know it
sounds terrible they made a mistake she
slipped and it went into her arm and
she's totally fine she's getting
stitches and she is not even crying
there she's all good so she'll be fine
so they're doing that I'm with my mom
now we're just watching little axel
until they get back from the hospital
and yeah I mean everything's fine I'm
just gonna keep reiterating that she's
totally okay it's just it was scary
she's back now she's not even crying
she's kind of she's pretty gangster she
got she got a knife to choose she's cool
with it gangster actually she left and
she's like bye-bye and blue dog oh my
god but she's good she's happy that's
all that's that's all that matters and
he was good all the time that's good yep
you happy Abby high five yeah cuddle
time with your bro now she missed
temperatures asking for Apple are you
asking for axel yeah
hey frozen what dogs brother time to
watch frozen i'm back at my place now
and i wanted to say my sister has this
goal she wants to hit 20,000 subs by
july first and she she's so close I
think she's listening two thousand away
whatever but I know that we the a-team
could make that happen pretty quickly so
I'm not telling her I'm doing this I
didn't tell her I was gonna do this but
I'm gonna go ahead and put the link to
her channel in the description below
make sure that you guys go over there
subscribe show her love and just let's
let's let's let her let's get her to her
goal I just gonna pack e.g I just got a
package i also just opened it without
opening it on camera I didn't open it
all the way I just sliced this so it is
still good and I know a lot of you're
gonna be like oh my god there's an
address on here well that's my p.o box I
have no idea what number that is
probably the number to the p.o box or
something but that is my number in case
you guys ever want to send me something
you can send it to that p.o box which is
also a description like this 17 male say
hi or send me a paper clip or a lock of
your hair so what is in the box what is
in this box
it's another box it's another box and I
only know what this is because I have
seen this before it is a letter from
YouTube you've done something very few
YouTube creators you have done something
very few YouTube creators accomplished
you had an astonishing 100,000 people
subscribe to your channel I did this is
my silver play button for Alex Mandel
drinks I remember how inspired when I
got one of these for my vlog channel
getting this for the drinks channel is
super super inspiring and just shows
it's I mean it's so play button I gotta
make more content we will make more
content you will see it soon on the Alex
Mandel drinks channel oh this is so cool
oh whoa is this different than the old
ones you just got like Affeldt back and
I think now instead of wood this is this
is metal i think my other one is wood
wow this one's heavy and sturdy damn
this one is super sick you ready to go
to bed dude cuz i am gage wiggled be in
ok guys why i hope you enjoyed watching
on hand just keep having a good time
thank you all so much for the continued
love for the continued support you guys
make all of this fun all of this just it
never ever ever feels like a job it's
just something I love to do and that's
what's that's what's great about it and
on that note I'll see you guys again
soon goodbye but who's this guy I'm just
feeling I know
we're the baby-faced I was gonna vlog
the drink I was drinking but totally
forgot because it was really good it's
black charcoal vodka I know Lou glasses
black charcoal lemonade it's you can
literally see like the charcoal in it
