hey guys it's a new day today and I am
happy to be home VidCon was so much fun
and everything but it's it's it's always
home is just a good place to be in and
what better than to have this dude back
oh I miss you dude I missed you I missed
you I'm happy you're home I'm happy
you're home I don't really know what
we're gonna do today but I know that
dennis is staying down the street for at
least today so I'm gonna go meet up with
him and Tracy and just have a good day
today is gonna be a good day why because
it always is I gotta find Dennis now I
think he's out of the pool area but you
guys got to see this view I love the
view from this hotel looking out here
are you gonna open it for me oh okay
keep pulling keep pulling ah thank you
thank you but who's this guy I'm just
feeling I know so we're the babyface I
was gonna vlog the drink I was drinking
but totally forgot because it was really
good black charcoal vodka I know Lee
glasses black charcoal lemonade it's you
can literally see like the charcoal in
it yes I'm tastes really good so I'm not
back but the charcoal blocks are
smashing them up muddling up with a
really hot charcoal
I mean I sounds really good the powerful
adulterer to black cocktail Dennis ended
up ordering another one so you guys
could see a full one hmm it look like
it's charcoal man yeah same stuff you
cook with drank it it's really good
first of all yeah great we are now
heading over to YouTube space la to go
to is going after party it's the it is
the VidCon after by right yeah free
drinks baby free drinks yeah so as we
were going now I thought that I was done
partying and in recovery mode but then
people keep reminding me that you've
gotta go hearty the party never ends you
gotta go gotta go I mean you have to go
to the after-party we taking a picture
look at how pretty I am you made me
pretty like this
where we ran the camel after push your
honor we didn't got wheel we need to
make it motor right now what if we
waited you too what if we made a
motorized enough motorized camel set of
their students have a bunch of like
nutella falling out the bar yeah
for those you guys don't know YouTube
space Samaria where as a creator you
have at least over 10,000 subscribers
and you're in an area with with the
YouTube space you can use all their
equipment their Studios may sound stages
like the red cam
crazy stuff this is like if you won't
have them like editor you come here
before you
so did orientation together future space
to both of us are members here
uh yeah take it Peter said he's coming
in o come o
more
Oh
so this goes up so I remember they were
telling us this this is 4k or 3d
whenever you decide to film and then you
could screen your stuff in here and like
reserve this space that's your new show
on up your own yes it should that as
well i won't i won't gonna cut it are
you guys going I see ya they're heading
out and they are going to the airport I
am going straight back home so I'm just
waiting on uber right now and then I'll
be on my way back I'm a couple days late
but I finally get to watch the season
finale of Game of Thrones don't worry i
won't give you any teasers at the end of
this or anything like that i'm warning
you how many i'm letting you know ahead
of time in case you haven't seen it
because i know that would make me very
angry if someone gave me all those
teasers but that if you can because i'm
watching the finale right now so it is
time
for some Game of Thrones I just finished
it and AH already gotta wait till the
next season I don't want to wait that
long that's a long time as a long time
but I'm tired now and you know who has
the right idea Jess dude right here you
wrote it to you we thought what are you
moving your leg out for before hey hey I
see wiggling your leg put that tongue
bacon put it put it on bacon there you
go do I bother you stop it daddy okay
well it is time for me to go to bed i
hope you guys enjoyed watching and i
will see you guys again soon goodbye
