hey guys it's a new day and not only is
it a new day but it is also the first
day of VidCon this year we're gonna go
get our badges get everything ready I'm
hungry we haven't eaten yet and then we
got to get our drink on you ready to get
drink on way to get my drink on you
ready get your drink on no I'm are you
my bitch going on he's that's over two
days yeah I'm so excited for this whole
weekend let's get it started this is
gonna be a good weekend why because it
always is what are you doing
is it going she's been trying to post an
Instagram picture for a while now we've
been we were signing off the thing right
we're already doing drinks doing shots
of tequila
are you hungry Harvey I know we ordered
food it'll come soon cute
oh there we go it's a good picture one
of my favorite things about being here
oh no I must put my eye look boy finger
in my in your mouth that would've been
the worst read on something else some
girls yeah yeah you are for the gun have
a drink I want to have a drink of me and
two raza three crushing happy I wonder
what he was drinking a lot his head
shines brighter than my wish you do
safety was not the number one priority
not that day people are walking the
floor now in here
and look at who I bumped into what my
best friend's I see
I didn't bump into you that's right guys
I also see another buddy of mine what
did he sign it over there how's it going
good hey you got to get to the back of
line oh I'm sorry all I back there I'm
gonna go I gotta get line just gonna hit
you in the face we'd get ready for
parties tonight I put my face on some is
how they will like me Vitali kind of
walked up to her after she got of the
pool he's like hey oh you're not wearing
makeup oh dude does that surprise you
it's a well not no no it didn't surprise
it's retaliations right so now she's
putting on makeup just for battaglia now
sighs you for the party tonight we are
going to some cool parties tonight gonna
have herself fun time just so you please
like me would ya you're just gonna leave
it like that right I can't write that
looks great leave like that okay yeah
that is so awesome what's his name
swaggy swaggy oh hey swag oh sorry I
didn't see you there it's so cool
ha
we decided to a late night uh-huh
how are you
we
ginger
I know that I really should have edited
and put up my blog and everything we are
in a new day but I just like have been
coming back kind of drunk and scared to
edit it so I'm just gonna edit all of
this put this all up is like one thing
which you guys that's what you guys are
watching now so we are we got to
actually check out the hotel and a
little bit they're going to hold the
bags on our last day here and it is just
getting ready yeah and I also i'm gonna
start doing more snaps more snapchat
stuff so if you want to check out my
snapchat that's where you get to see a
better things like this
oh snap chat no I'm getting ready
we have a couple beers here and I
watched a video where these guys were
challenged to open a bottle with
absolutely anything and so I said it
branded I said what do you think name
anything you see and i'll try to open up
the bottle here and he so this Evian
water bottle and anything I guess that
has like a hard Ridge could be possible
so you would do this is Leo that aim
though is it is it yeah where's up you
can I wanna follow me anything you just
have to have the right leverage Andrea's
in the bathroom and when she comes out
he's got a lil somethin i'm gonna walk
past here with her and then you miss me
and get her where is she oh yeah they
have they just my au au gender neutral
yeah yeah Bookman is up we'll clean
alone we're enjoying dinner at Morton's
so we pretty much just finished
the waiter came by said that a gentleman
at the bar has sent over a Cosmo for me
feel very loved hi I love you did you
send this yeah oh oh yeah that's right
if I went to be under you said no I how
do you do this is like I don't know what
you're talking about I was just an come
over I would have done okay that's so
funny we have made it back home now yeah
both of us came back here um we wanted
to watch TV for a little cuz it's just
been such a long long weekend so tired I
don't even know what maybe they're you i
ah i'm sorry you guys didn't get like
vlogs during it so you got this now but
we have some fun stuff coming up yep
yeah but at least you get it at some
point that you didn't watch again oh
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye hey mike d bye
you
