hey guys it's a new day today and I am
on my way to pick up Andrea's surprise
surprise and we have something fun that
we're going to be doing today you guys
will see where we're gonna go i'm on my
way to pick her up right now and then
we're gonna have a good day why because
we always do Luke is what are we doing
hi hi sitka Sky Sports is like a big
hole trampoline Harry I've actually
never been here neither has she but I've
seen other people doing I really wanted
to try it's just like I guess the
trampolines ever I don't know it's
called sky high sports the trampoline
place we run to the trampoline place
that's awesome stuff
this is like the free jump area that all
time like foam pit stuff and everything
so we're gonna explore the whole area
they said I can't bring this Cameron so
like six flags I bring my little GoPro
session it is can't really see that so I
won't talk too much during it but i'll
use its he is
what is going all my hair
keep it I'm sweaty too it was so much
fun there and Andrea and I decided we
would go change get ready we all sweat
it up it was actually really good
workout it was funny right yeah but
we're gonna go do something we are we
made the decision we're like which we go
for dinner and I kind of made a joke I
was like why don't we just go to dinner
in San Diego and she was like okay I was
like I'm serious and it kind of just
like the joke was supposed to be a joke
until now we are weird like probably 15
minutes out here said we're here right
we just got off the freeway in San Diego
so we're gonna go over over to gaslamp
again fuck in San Diego just for dinner
maybe have a couple drinks and hang out
here and stuff like that and then just
have bagged later I don't know I don't
know what we're doing but I think that's
why it's so much fun right just kind of
gonna be a good time yeah what I was
aiming at look what you love me we do
weird things we're now walking around
gaslamp and we are going to a restaurant
called barley mash it was recommended to
us I see down there is the convention
center where they have comic con which
is coming up soon maybe they just look
to you like what there's the people
behind us we're just looking at what the
or they're saying what the hell because
I'm talking my camera I don't know I get
that to either way we're weird so it's
okay she is Lady
ours is action
we think
it is really good as a starting
appetizer we just told them to give us
like stuff that they are known for and
as a starting appetizer it's a pickle
with cream cheese then wrapped in
prosciutto and then fried Leila's
America it comes with an ale aioli and
like a like a honey mustard but in my
mouth Lydia Wow oh I don't burn my mouth
was it good
next up is a burger that the chef
actually won an award for they told us
to get it is called the surf and turf
burger and it is superior pops yeah
he'll poached lobster has caramelized
onions it has new blood has what kind of
it I don't know we're failing at this
but anyway yeah leg or something what is
it it might be cheese
geez she got hers with the fries I got
mine with their like chili
no bed
how is that
it's amazing all right we're going to
the sky lounge called altitude which
says like it's in the top 25 best bars
said by all these things whenever yeah
we go on fancy going to altitude on the
22nd floor yeah it's my sweatshirt it's
a fancy sweatshirt
yeah the
thank you
school like this
that ocean over there but then they you
can see petco park which is cool
it actually did like it almost looks
like in the viewing hear that word like
New York I'm such an idiot I saw my cast
going down on the freeway back and then
it stopped I got it I'm now pushing my
car she's in there steering yeah she's
in there steering we managed to get off
the exit but I'm pushing it one block or
half a block to the gas station hey
can't leave that disaster oh my god it's
like literally fucking 130 in the
morning wearing fucking Crenshaw yeah oh
my god an uber driver stopped on the
side to help me push the car halfway
pushing it he slipped in a puddle and
soap dish new shoes I was an all-out
sighs I'm so sorry after we got it up
here he was like I was like I was like I
want to thank you in the book you say ah
that's he was pissed about his shoes I
feel bad cuz he helped that what I would
have helped about somehow i don't know
but i need to get gas it is now a new
game today we warped into today number
to this blog but andrea stayed over last
night and I convinced her that she's
gonna go to the gym with me today to
work out with me and my trainer
she noticed I'm still waiting same shirt
it's okay because I'm gonna sweat it all
up and she's still waiting to address
but we're gonna go down you're gonna buy
some new like yeah I got it like workout
clothes stuff so that you're not working
out in your dress we just finished how
you feeling okay okay well I got to show
you who's been killing me and it's a
trainer Cody dp's me what maybe I'm
Jenna you look good but thank you for
that yeah she's one who's making me
strong it doesn't like me like it's my
shoes but you died ya know i'm i'm dead
but it's good it's good so thank you
you're well fast you guys always say
that andrea never says by on the vlog
and she left it out saying goodbye she's
living oh your window down hi you didn't
say bye on the vlog bye week honor there
you go there's your goodbyes we always
forget sorry and she texts me she's like
I didn't say buying the vlog again hey
how we did I did I chase you know we
were not be that's why I was not getting
elevator I was like knocking on the
elevator like up top and I'm like I hope
she hears as it stops thought you okay
well my god but I'm actually gonna see
her in like probably an hour and a half
or sign that because we're gonna go
shopping the prep stuff for VidCon Macau
her but we're not going to be vlogging
that because we just want to focus on
everything we need so where I'm going to
end it here I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and next up you get mid-con
blocks which are awesome we're so
excited to go if you guys are going to
VidCon make sure you look for Andrea and
I because we were both we will both be
walking around all weekend and tomorrow
or today for you guys thursday 3 p.m. we
will be on the you now stage after I
don't know for broadcasting from you now
from one of my arse but if you follow me
on twitter at Alex Mandel will i'll let
you know exactly where you can find us
and on that note I will see you guys
again next time I'll see you soon my
safety off
