hey guys it's a new day today and again
I am with this pretty lady missin ya and
we're doing something really fun today
she has never shot a gun in her life in
her life before but I yeah yes you did
she just has never been into it but I
think you trust me I do that's the only
reason I'm going is really trust him
that's good I like that so we're going
to go to my friend's ranch and dry them
for a little while we're almost there
and we're gonna have some fun and I mean
obviously she'll start off slow it's
like the 22 and then we'll work our way
up to what she's comfortable with but it
is it'll be a fun experience I think
that you know Jay is going to be a good
day why because it always is
whole way it is
off-roading time yeah left here going
downhill down a hill down the hill to go
shoot laying all these bad boys out oh
and a bad girl so we are going to shoot
and we got a couple of new ones out here
today I wasn't going to show you yet but
I am going to show you I got this flat
dark earth Kriss vector chambered in 45
and check out this sexy thing this is a
Kimber custom to tactical law
enforcement with an accessory rail this
is super cool this is what our LAPD SWAT
is currently using it's super
comfortable this is like a rubberized
grip nice take out the pink one yeah
the try out this new Kriss vector of
water one for a long time it actually
takes the same magazines as a Glock 21
it's cambered 45 safety off
we bought some watermelons to blow up
and so we're going to be doing that I'm
going to do one with my 50 AE Desert
Eagle
Smith & Wesson 460 and then to this bad
boy 4570 Henry all-weather lever-action
rifle I don't think those watermelons
stand a chance we're going to take out
this watermelon with a 50 AE Desert
Eagle
tail next up we got the Henry 4570
all-weather lever action rifle
well that's interesting
look at that whoa I didn't expect that
look at the consistency change inside
the watermelon it's oh my god it's mush
it's not even like solid now we're going
to give it a try with this Smith &
Wesson 460 this is a gigantic
holy holy bananas and now I'm going to
try it with the Kriss vector yeah yeah
yeah destruction hey keep it in a safe
ah good
I'm going to try the sig p228 and this
one's chambered in 380
how's that I like the bigger ones better
but she does apparently secret sister
damn broken because the alarm is going
off
I'm sorry headphone users oh no I don't
even have the co to turn it off I don't
know how to turn love how do we turn it
off boom after a great day of shooting
to top it off you need you need all this
oh yeah the Korean barbecue we come here
a lot obviously
oh I'll keep that you guys already much
of it
Andrea and I had so much fun shooting
and we came up with a with an idea that
I think you guys will enjoy it'll be fun
for us she wants to go shooting again
she's she's already she's loving it so I
think to get you guys involved I want to
do like a like an ongoing reoccurring
thing on the channel pretty much like
you send it I shoot it is what I'm gonna
the working title right now you send it
I shoot it so whatever you want to send
the link is in the description of this
blog to my peel box you can send
anything from a teddy bear you could
send me even just a bottle of soda you
could send anything that you want to you
want us to shoot to write a note with
why you want us to shoot or anything and
you could recommend a specific gun that
you want me to shoot it with we just
think it'd be fun you guys could send a
whole bunch of stuff and we will take
them out next time we go out to the
ranch hopefully soon and shoot them I
think I think it'd be fun thing to do
and on that note guys that is that is it
I hope you guys did enjoy this was just
this was a fun vlog just a fun day to do
everything so that's all I got for you
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
oh my god first try
hey villainous
