hey guys it's a new day today
and so we're going to be doing something
extra super crazy flood what are we
doing I don't know if I'm aiming at you
Six Flags Magic Mountain going on some
roller coasters today which means that
today is gonna be a good day why because
it always is cuz every day is a good day
we're close we're almost I think like
two miles away yeah I see the exit you
do you well I saw back there welcome to
Six Flags have a thrilling day are we
gonna have a thrilling day ah yeah just
keep rubbin it'll go away eventually no
it's not going away
yeah well it's gonna like do it like
hard and slow
yeah slow procession this one's a little
hard to film the rice
see
clapping that was fun we were just
looking down and all the gum and we
someone must look at all this corn on
the floor like house hanging over puke
so disgusting we are in Gotham City
love to head on Batman Marion the lines
are so long that's why I highly
recommend the flashback yes Barry Allen
will get you through I think I may
because I just saw the lightning bolt
yeah the flash pass yeah it's totally it
makes Barry
okay we're go way
yeah that was a fun one these rides are
so much fun but I got a hold that GoPro
the whole time and try to keep it as
steady as possible
I don't know how steady I've been
keeping it for you guys if it's really
steady I'm Pro if not I don't think I
don't cut it up well you had somebody
seen that he's holding it the entire
time and it's impressive I'm pretty
impressive I'm holding the camera while
I've gone way way we're all the whole
time it has been so like watch here we
needed to do a water ride so we are
going to do roaring rapids and again the
line here where the lines are like two
hours but with that flash past week
already so we are gonna go right in
yeah when I'm hot sweaty wearing
sunblock but I still think I'm burned
but I'm having a good time no we're good
we're good
I know we're gonna turn
Oh
I mean I want to get on here like yeah
like at least a couple it's not super
new but it's one of their rides is full
throttle I don't know like marketing in
I mean I don't want to spit up fat to me
wrong but yeah the terror that night I
don't see anywhere someone beat it but
anyway like you go here just like shoots
you forward so we're gonna go on this
right now
ride full throttle
Oh righto
Oh No
we go
Oh
cheers everybody
oh that's a fun one so chewy we si
amazing
caramel apple but it's a cookie the best
pine it's so sticky and kind of messy
but it tastes really good okay we're lit
then we're about to go on x2 and maybe
throw this all aflutter possibly x2 yeah
this one is weird cuz this one we go up
backwards she's scared
oh my god we get to look down we get to
look down I need to make sure I hold on
to you guys tight then we're going for a
rag
look at the park at night
you're gonna have fun here get out foot
Oh
I was this close to dropping you guys I
was so close to dropping oh my god she
thinks she proved herself
lady everything is now closed we
officially stayed to the equivalent of
the lights turning on at the bar it's
time for us to leave half that past that
and yeah I think it's pretty empty here
we need to go but I have fun
your phone was amazing and we did good
we did really good did everything want
to do huh okay guys well Andrea left and
you guys have already you are you've
made it you've made it to the end of the
vlog and is that I am currently editing
the vol you just watched but I I'm happy
with it now I just got to watch it
through up until this point but we're
going to be doing some more fun stuff we
have a lot a lot more cool stuff coming
out so I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye lady
