hey guys it's a new day today and I am
on my way right now to go pick up Andrea
because we are gonna go to lunch today
at this place that she showed me it's
just oh my god it's amazing I'll show
you what I'll show you what where it is
and what it is and everything when we
get there a picture up are you hungry
are you ready I'm so hungry too by the
way guys you probably have heard that in
right now this is like the second vlog
you've heard that noise and that's my
text tone anyway we're gonna go into the
restaurant now let's show you guys what
it is it is Indian food and it is all
you can eat for eight dollars right it's
really good I went that she took me last
time and I was like okay it's eight
dollars all-you-can-eat buffet like it's
gonna be good because it's all you can
eat but then the food is really really
good here it is deli plowers pow pow pow
I was just hungry so let's blow up all
the flour on hope yeah
you're waiting for the chicken tikka
shot yeah it's already gone over there
but they're gonna bring more I just
dropped off Andrea back at home and
she's uh I gotta go over to the office
where my dad is because him and I are
gonna do a you know we do them pretty
often at least like once a week I do it
with him I like to do that you guys
enjoy it so I keep doing it so I'm gonna
go meet up with my dad we're gonna do
that hanging out for why I think Andrea
would still might come out to my
apartment later on after I'm done with
everything we're gonna go on you now but
I think we're getting a little bit more
advanced with this it was just the
camera on my computer and now look at
this whole camera so Abby's having a
good time with it is that it is that is
that a twitter feed that's on there yeah
oh that's cool that's great oh yeah she
sees herself a little eh you know and
you now sent me a message today and it
sent an email to congratulate me on
apparently we've had over we passed a
million viewers on you now that's crazy
that means a million people have watched
a live stream which is awesome I didn't
think I didn't think I'd get to that
point on you now but it's awesome so
thank you guys for watching that if you
guys do want to check it out when we go
on I usually post something on Twitter
or something like that but it's just you
know calm slash Alex Mandel Jackie wait
Wizards where's your son he's over oh
he's on the table
I know his hairdo it's spiked up can you
tell that hey yeah you could tell
slowing down like that you say bye bye
bye hi bye Abby bye bye
everything in the elevator in the garage
Andrea is just coming over right now and
I kind of like scared so hopefully we
can wait a little bit
hello made it a little bit like well
because you ER yeah the hiding you got
me time for us to eat before we do
anything else
some eat Shabbos what it's called you
ready
oh yeah
yeah
it's a time is it time it's time she
brought these legs and body we're just
watching my legs no actually not we are
waxing my back I don't have like a super
hairy back it's just it's actually
really weird I just have like hair
different spots like one on the bottom
right one on the left
not although it's weird so that's why
she's gonna help me get rid of it
Harvey are you ready to get waxed - you
know you're doing really it's pretty
simple just read the instructions and
hope for the best
where do I want you to wax you just do
my whole back unless you don't want to
I think we did a pretty good job but it
looks good like it's not I mean it looks
a little terrifying this is so red look
at those guys that Oh actually it
doesn't come across as bad on camera
okay it looks not as red
no burning it looks a little bit and
then we put lotion on afterwards and I
think he's a little bit more pain Yeah
right afterwards like damn we are now
into the next day and my back is feeling
a little bit better I have no hair so
it's great no back here but yeah it's
definitely definitely an experience
didn't think I would be getting that
many white strips but anyway I hope that
you guys enjoyed the pain I went through
for me and for you we all got to enjoy
it and that's all I got for you so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye Oh
