hey guys it's a new day today and today
is not a day for me it is a day for my
sister jacket day for you - it's always
a day for you
Oh today's my day - but if you guys are
already noticing on the wall it says the
talk and the talk is is a show that you
are gonna be on line 1 rated daytime
talk show did you know that number one
reason did you know that she is a guest
on it today I'm not I'm just here for
moral support and to eat the berries
because black
I think blackberries are in season I
think someone posted that because black
bears are looking very nice lately so
are you nervous yeah yeah no I'm totally
nervous I know that cuz you kept saying
I feel like I'm gonna throw up but I'm
gonna pee all over the stage and
everything and she's yeah and then some
of them think that you're serious and
they said don't do that yes no but I am
serious I'm telling them I'm joking so
that they're not worried about me but I
am dead serious this blog may turn into
like the title like my sister peed on
the stage top oh my sister threw up on
Julie Chen or Sharon Osbourne means epic
what I don't know Sarah
Gilbert maybe guys I have to apologize I
was so wrong blackberries are not in
season right now in Southern California
attended in August I'm sorry for the
false information thank you now I love
you
you finished now I was holding your vlog
camera so that you SI can make sure you
have all the footage or it just gives
them incentive to go onto your channel
look at how smart you are in caring and
consider it so if you guys want to go
check out her channel it's just life
with Jackie
and I actually filmed her whole segment
on the show so you guys can check it out
there
thank you brother Alex for being the
best brother in the world
no babies I'm at home now
and I gotta say I am not feeling so hot
I feel like I have definitely on the
verge of getting sick hopefully I can
fight it so I'm just sitting in bed and
I know what you're thinking why wearing
a hat oh you're bad well I'll show you
why that's why so we'll just keep this
on right here for now I just grabbed
this out put it on huh hopefully this
this passes though I hate being sick one
thing I am happy about though is
PokerStars reached out to me and if you
guys have seen I've played PokerStars
apps in the past you guys already know
that I love poker I love all gambling
that's why I love to go to Vegas and
I've also streamed gambling on like
twitch and stuff but they reached out to
me and said hey we have this new app
called PokerStars play which is
different than any other one I play and
I was like okay I'll try it they're like
we'd love to sponsor a vlog if if you
like the app I think let me let me play
the app let me see if I like it and then
if I like it then I'm happy to share
with the viewers and they said okay well
they didn't specifically pick a vlog
that they want to sponsor but since I'm
sitting here now pay PokerStars I'm
gonna show them the app now so this this
is officially the vlog that you guys are
sponsoring whether whether you like it
or not
it's going to PokerStars play whoa okay
I am already at level 25 710,000 chips
let's do it turning man this one's
flying for 10k 25 5 for 100k see how
much would you win
150k right off the bat let's just scare
them yeah pocket fours you get a six or
an ace we got ourselves straight yeah
boy this is scary but let's do it
there we go all in baby oh I know that
baby five six seven eight nine bed in
there
call me so I could raise or lower my bed
here so let me just go throwing eight I
care too much
now we could try to push for a little
bit more 28 I like that
let's raise it don't fall okay
no there we go I like that pair let's
take him up
68 sounds right fine
no it's okay he doesn't have much skit
let's just screw it
oh my god he called here we go and it's
Aziz is that now you want to go all in
for the win I'll take that 150 K right
here give it today I won the tournament
150 thousand there we go
now you can see why I love playing that
game and why I'm like yeah I would love
to have a sponsor for you guys because
their new app PokerStars play is just
great and completely free so you guys
don't gotta pay for anything I'm gonna
go ahead and put a link to it down in
the description below so you guys can
play too
and let me know how much you guys win I
ended up just passing out last night I
wasn't feeling hot at all this morning
I'm actually feeling much better I
thought I was hoping I was gonna feel
worse and I'm not so that's good but I'm
here right now at Lowe's hotel and Santa
Monica just gonna take it easy and I got
someone else here with me but check out
how nice this is
at Ladyface well I rode my bike here but
you didn't come with me on the bike she
Ebers when I take the bike maybe one day
you'll be a more comfortable you try it
okay
my dangerous decisions are my dangerous
decisions they don't have to be her so
she doesn't ever have to get on the back
of a motorcycle well Mike motorcycles
himself is scary even if I'm riding it
little are driving a little bit of like
someone else is driving it well I don't
think I don't think I don't think I was
the issue I thought the motorcycle
itself of the issue I'm putting my life
in your hands it's a combination of the
two
well guess what my life isn't in my
hands my life is in everyone that drives
an SUV around me and everyone that
decides to switch lanes to no turn
signals that's whose life my hands are
and Andrea looks like you can't go
swimming so much diarrhea so it's like
never-ending there Harvey oh are you
excited is that what that is
are you excited well you know I was just
gonna tell you that I don't I'm a
fumigant Harvey I was gonna say oh you
want to jump up and say Jesus Glenn
Seth Kyle and I originally planned to
film a video today for amp digital so
I'm supposed to be working but they are
already in the area they're gonna go
hang out around like 3rd Street just
like that I'm gonna take a nap and just
see if like I can make myself feel a
little better and then we'll just shoot
the video later I think that's what
we're gonna do I think I I hate to do
this guys because it's so you know it is
what it is but I'd rather take care of
myself feel better and give you guys
cool vlogs soon and that's that so
that's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye
