what's up guys say we are going to be
doing a little bit of fishing we're
going fishing we're going fishing today
and today's gonna be a good day why big
is it always in ya goin down this is the
fishing boat right here I don't know
don't fish it and we're off yeah you
want to get a big one everyone is out
there fishing
we got beers and food we will we will we
just wanted to eat / sacred army it is a
hungry neither was a big man today so we
definitely wanted some food before we go
out fish
just got a vision like the first like
three minutes literally the drop is like
there's like bull would pick up big boy
so we think Alex got a fish I did nice
guy he can you take it good mouthful but
I got one no matter yeah he's making fun
of us is wonder catching anything this
is what we got let us go pee or
something like that is that what they're
called I would go rock
maybe we'll let him go to live to fight
another day
like I mean I got another one but it's
still so small this is a little one it's
a little guy
we'll pretend it's really been maybe in
Photoshop I'll take a picture hold it
does make it really big reel it up
yeah you got a bigger one tonight it
that is struggle for that up
I don't
this is Isaac what you do really
then
yes oh look at this one
got it here Oakland
evo that
oh yeah that's a bigger one right
that would be
she's much better
we're back at my place now and we got to
the guy told us to clean the fish off
and pull the skin off the he already
filleted them for us there's lots of
bones in there that stuff don't have to
watch out what was there a lot of
boswellia I want to show you guys
something magical look at this so we the
one that she was cleaning off that's the
link odd that this is all from one fish
there's a lot of fish but look at all
this from all the other ones look at
that oh yeah that's that's a good meal
right there I mean there's lots of me
lots of me again lots of fish tacos now
we're gonna Pat it dry and then store it
yeah and reassess andrea is leaving I'm
sorry that's fine you could leave I want
to eat this too yeah Jake and I'll eat
it welcome home Jake hi so now that
andrew is not here we are going to make
dinner and we have some of the fish here
this isn't all of it we're gonna make
three filets each and we got some of
this blackened redfish magic it's just
like a spice rub because we don't want
to do like a full marinade or anything
that and then we're going to BBQ it and
put it on top of the salad let's get
these all evenly coat it
oh yeah throw these on
oh yeah these are all cooked now and
ready to go damn day look so good I'll
take you to the front piece right here
well I think we need more fish how's
that how's that this makes more yeah
it's really good for Jake's he added a
lemon herb dressing on his mr. health
pants and I wanted something creamier on
it I just I just like that so I put some
cilantro Cesar on it and fish is kind of
spicy it's like a blackened spice blend
so it's kind of spicy and then that
cilantro Cesar is really good I'm just
next-level next level scheisse mm-hmm
I'm really happy with this dinner yeah
it's time for where mr. Harvey let's go
come on it's time for us to go to bed I
am burned like I'm just I'm gum crispy
I'm burnt I should have wore something
lock today not smart of me look at look
at this
oh I got burned just on the just on the
top side and one out her so that and you
can see it here a little bit different
my face is red but maybe like my arm i
will see you guys again soon no worry
don't have a huge break before the next
one we have a few i have some some cool
ones coming up so yeah I'm here I'm here
for you guys and I'll see you guys again
soon go by apparently everyone in this
this unit in this board is talking about
one specific thing about Axl what are
they talking about he has huge balls
