hey guys it's a new day today and like
always I really know what we're gonna do
but we're gonna do something fun and
today's gonna be a good day
why because it always is and also cuz
cuz Andrea is here I'm holding it this
way so I don't see the light behind you
she's he's excited as you guys have seen
in past vlogs I have done brand deals
different sponsored content and today I
have one but I'm really excited about
today because it also involves me eating
and I love to eat and I love to cook
you guys have seen me cook before this
one is a company called hello fresh
mailed me this and it's like a meal
delivery search but they don't they
actually don't send meals they send all
the ingredients to cook your meal which
is even better than a meal service
because then it's super fresh I get to
make it here it comes in the insulated
bag and it has all the ingredients
needed to create three different kinds
of meals they create new recipes every
week I know that this one it says chops
out chop chicken salad tomato garlic
ragout or pan-seared pork so I get to
make decision of what I want to make
entry do you have an idea of what you
want for lunch I'm not eating too many
carbs right now so I shouldn't have
pasta yes so let's do the chopped
chicken salad although all of these
recipes are like nutritionally balanced
cuz they have a dietician working with
them they're not telling me to say that
I'm just telling you guys nothing comes
cooked which is which is a good thing
because all the spices you're gonna need
to like rub on the chicken
it comes with my own spiffy aprons it
looks picky oh yeah sneezing that means
somebody's tasted got one there
flip it over ooh that is good
okay I'm gonna put this on to a baking
sheet into the 400 degree oven for eight
to ten minutes
we already got these here the peppers
and the onions these are also gonna go
the other that smells good watch out
lady watch oh we're gonna heat these
vegetables for 20 minutes on 400 right
okay avocado lie in the dressing
we're gonna put one tablespoon of sour
cream on you
wow that smells good now we got all this
stuff together we had to turn on the
broiler to 500 we're gonna put it in for
2 to 3 minutes just to charge oh you did
well yeah oh now we got to put all the
stuff in the salad and then I toss the
salad
again
and it smells are they good here they
are
I'm really excited about this they look
really good Wow
where do you try that not even kidding
it's really good I would eat this a lot
I'm not saying this because the sponsor
or anything like that it is really
really good if you guys want to take
partner I'm gonna go ahead and put a
link down the description below but you
guys can go to hell of fresh calm and
use the promo code Alex and you will get
35 dollars off your first week of
deliveries if you guys want to try it
out I highly suggest you do regardless
of this being sponsor or not I actually
really liked it and it was it was fun to
do
guys I am I I had to put everything down
for the rest of the day because I have
something where I I'm going right now my
sister just gave birth to my new nephew
mr. axel axel Jackson that's his name
so um I'm heading over there right now
I'm heading to the hospital to go see my
new nephew for the first time so I'm
heading over there right now I and I the
only thing that's bad about this right
now is traffic I am stuck I'm trying to
get onto another freeway and uh but I'm
excited this is great this is amazing
we're gonna go walk in the media
I'm excited are you excited to be a big
sister
yeah she's just excited to go see him
you want to do that you want to clean
your hands you know you're going into
the man Dale Schultz Abby have you
watched her yeah
baby do you know his name what's his
name worst attacks occur when a mommy's
tummy
axl in here no apparently everyone in
this this bitch in this ward is talking
about one specific thing about Axl what
is it what are they talking about he has
huge balls I'm headed back to Santa
Monica now I'm just so happy that new
little guy in the world
mr. Axl
uncle tan's - now and it was the perfect
in perfect timing for my mom's birthday
I Mama's birthday yesterday and yes
she's very happy this is probably the
best birthday present she could ever
wish for
slowly but surely LA is trying to have
better public transit so they've closed
off like this whole street here down in
Santa Monica
this just opened on the 20th they
literally have like the Expo Line is
what they call it it is my first time in
LA
owning a MetroCard
and it'll be here in a few minutes then
go dinner
so clean and new
everything is super clean this is the
best time right up under brand new
correct cream barbecue of course cooking
meat
yeah what's your name nice to meet you
yeah him already come how are you I'm
here a lot like three times a week are
you I love it do you like it is this
your first time here no Oh what dude oh
oh oh you trying to eat my face I'm
getting I'm getting attacked I'm getting
attacked
Oh anyways guys that's all I got for you
for today today was such an exciting day
and so much fun I'm so happy got to see
Mike oh my god what do you do woo
looking like his breath smells so bad
okay guys it's time to call it I hope
you guys enjoyed watching goodbye
