hey guys it's a new day today and today
we are doing the 5k mud run everyone's
getting already in your stuff in your
face as always oh my god guys see what
Alex is doing right now it's so
ridiculous
what's she doing there bud I'm Calgary
why oh yeah oh I'm Valerie why is that
good I chief and I get hot and sweaty
and eat you should try it we're gonna
run I telling you this stuff is good
okay I'm used a bunch of like I used to
use like the the cream stuff that's
weird lovely chassis chassis man care
for down there Oh everybody will field
right and I'm not even sweaty or chafing
I love you deny him if you guys if you
guys have never tried a ball powder more
powder for under there do not knock it
till you try I'm telling you I don't
even put the link for this in the
description so that you guys to get it
hello no I'm getting powder everywhere
all right okay can you go so I can
continue okay fine we are pull it up I
see Brandon's car are you guys moaning
oh that's our like we're kind of scared
noise oh yeah well I see all the things
up in the hill over there we are just
pulling up that's a lot of hills it is a
lot of hills is not down okay ready we
have to leave everything in the cars so
I don't think I'm gonna be taking this
camera with me but good thing I brought
my GoPro we're getting ready and one
just using the bathroom / so that we
don't
have to go in the middle of the run ha
we're going soon lookit chocolate here
we go each other five four okay
yawning
God
Oh
you
whoa
Oh
Oh
what
you
Oh
home
hot dirty mud run how do you feel I'm so
good we did it this is the reason why
they have to do it in groups because
back to regular vlogging camera oh that
was so much fun you guys have fun oh
yeah lots of fun fred is pull his pants
over the backup thank you yeah we gotta
do more of these yeah so much so much
what so much dirt and wear it we were
gonna continue to hang out tonight but
everyone's kind of just tired out Jake
is in his room right now Andrea just
went home cuz she's like I just need to
call it an early night and I need to
edit this vlog so I think this is where
I'm gonna leave it i really hope you
guys enjoyed watching I want to do more
of this is just it was just so much fun
i'm already obsessed with mud runs this
was like the first one I've ever done
but i'm already looking up what other
ones are coming up soon if you've never
tried one definitely try one of those
but uh that's all I got so on that note
I will see you guys again soon goodbye
yeah yeah salami it's like a better
