hey guys I'm here with my friend Andrea
and we saw a video that Jesse and Jeana
did they did a conjoined challenge so we
wanted to do that they made a sandwich
on their video we want to make a cake
we got a shirt a big shirt big strip I
hope it's big enough I'm a big boy
we're now conjoined now we are gonna be
baking a red velvet cake that was your
choice you chose the red feather there's
nothing a little bit but that's how I
make it they're pretty good we didn't
want to do this from scratch we wanted
to do it with a box this is gonna be a
man you know what open that whenever we
have we will have don't pull me
look we need to rewrite yeah you guys
did what you did
oh I've never done it at my left hand
I've done it one-handed I've never done
nothing if there is nothing practical
about this at all
don't get any showing what is that you
just opening up a flap yeah okay come on
are you gonna break it I can help with
we're supposed to be healthy one in the
quarter so that's half of the quarter
go hard harder harder that's really
ready it's really rare it's just
somewhere once you start stirring that
bad it's like shaking it's either I
can't do and I'm not coordinated my left
hand there we go
that good yeah get inside I'm getting
the sense no but I feel you trying to
blow your other hand out try to use the
other hand which other guys
I'm in from my face I'm gonna wear my
face all over my stomach then you're
gonna do the head I'll figure it out
should we take this to the oven we set
the time for 30 minutes and then now we
just wait 2 1
and we're gonna take this and let it
cool for a bit before we try it out this
is hot close that out we let it cool so
it's nice and cool how do we get this
out oh it's a game it's a game put my
listen don't pick it up why'd you do
that back over this way why did you even
try to turn it over anyway
that's great oh my god oh my god oh oh
the cake exactly where it's supposed to
go
oh no I know that's what I'm doing I'm
scooping around the edges stop yelling
at me
and I hope you know that since I'm a
righty that's the arm I play in Oakland
I thought you scrape it out that you're
so great hold it
OOP Alex scoop Oh
the key here is to go fast you know to
be okay but we gotta get it down all the
way I could squeeze it down
yeah I think it looks good out there
that's how you bake a cake as a
conjoined twin how about it now there's
only one thing left to do is to eat it
right
oh my god okay anyways guys this is
gonna be a lot for us to clean so we're
gonna start doing that but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching the video you
filled by gospel you guys can follow her
on Instagram I add room and I'll put the
link down the description and I will see
you guys again soon
oh I check these out guys this one see
this one is much cleaner and this one I
kind of dumped weird but once I realized
I could just like kind of take it out
