hey guys it's a new day today like
always I don't know what we're doing
today yet but I know it's gonna be a
good day why because it always is
I felt something online that I thought
would be so much fun to do with you guys
at least those you that are local would
be awesome but on May 21st
I found a mud run a 5k mud run
now don't worry not being super great
shape that's not like a race that you
need to be super quick at we're just
gonna do it together I formed a team
just called the a team on there because
you can make it you can make teams and
so I thought it'd be fun I was just
gonna do it just like me and a couple of
friends but how cool would it be if we
all did it now this company has not
contacted me I have no connection with
them or anything I found this on my own
and just wanted to do it
it's normally $75 entry I found another
site that has it for $39 entry so if you
do want to join me on the 21st we could
do this together we're gonna vlog it
you'll all be on the vlog it'll just be
like a meet-up and a fun event rather
than just like standing around and
saying hi we can all do something
together work as a team to go through
this Mudder and they have like these
giant mud slides and everything so I
think it'll be super awesome I'm gonna
put the link down in the description
when you guys buy it make sure you do
the May 21st 12:00 p.m. because there's
different times that you could do it 12
p.m. it's gonna ask if you wanna join a
team join the a team when you're when
you're at the bottom of registration
here's where it'll take you you'll do
the 39 dollars it'll send you an email
at the confirmation use that
confirmation as a coupon code on the
actual hot and dirty mud run website
when it asks you to pay for it it'll
normally say 75 dollars put in that
coupon code it'll be zero once you pay
the 39 on here but if you guys want to
join it it'll be fun I'm gonna do with
some friends maybe I'll invite some
other youtubers to come not sure yet but
go ahead go on there let's have fun may
21st 12 p.m. and join the 18 I really
hope that you guys will do this because
I'm excited about it and be so much more
fun to do with you guys so guys what I'm
at home all day I just watch a ton of
like YouTube videos and you know it's
just it's it's a I don't the TV doesn't
come on
it's just YouTube which I think a lot of
you guys do as well which is why you're
watching this I came across this channel
monster kids or something they they're
making raindrop cake which I've seen in
a lot of things that people have posted
stuff like that but this is a video that
shows how they added a strawberry into
it I don't want to have a strawberry
into it but I think it'd be pretty cool
to try to make a raindrop cake I didn't
know where I could find I have to get
this stuff called agar or agar agar or
whatever it's called it's like a kind of
like a veget vegetable or a seaweed
gelatin I don't know it's just not an
animal product that's what you need for
it's something weird but I came to Whole
Foods cuz I thought that they would have
it since it's an alternative I did not
actually we did that for fun if you guys
give I get check it out but the cool
thing is he was just telling you people
have been coming in to say hi to you we
can ride and say what's up you want to
come by and say hi you know it's cool we
hear the wilshire this way you buy the
healthy stuff I'm gonna get this prepped
and hopefully this works because you've
never tried a range up cake right I've
seen it on the YouTube machine also and
I want to try it so hopefully this works
I don't know on this instructional
YouTube video they say to use a hundred
milliliters of water for every four
grams of agar powder I don't have a
guitar powder this is flakes I'm sure
it's the same thing it's just not
powdered this is 28 grams so 700
milliliters right yeah
let's stir this
I hope that this stuff dissolves I have
to confess something I suck so turns out
the flakes I was like okay those those
agar flakes can totally dissolve it
barely dissolve I still decided to put
it pour it into wine glasses and put it
into the refrigerator they look so
terrible Oh No look how gross that looks
because it has that weird brown color
boy oh my god and it's stuck oh there we
go
came out this is supposed to be
absolutely clear it looked like a
raindrop and I think it's actually
supposed to be softer and more geliar
than this but it's not this is super
hard I need to get like the powder one
and actually try it I don't think it'd
be a very good ending to end on such a
fail with that raindrop cake and I you
know you may not even be that interested
anymore but I'm at the point now where
I'm just mad that it didn't work out so
I've been searching for where I could
get a gara gara powder or agar powder
whatever it's called and no place around
here found has it except for Asian
markets so I'm going to go to an Asian
market and I'm gonna get it there well
well well boys and girls I got the
powder I got it I went to the Asian
market and I got it
there we go get that get in without even
attempting to waste my time and try to
continue this it is already I just met
this already looks like the first result
so I went ahead and looked up more
videos and it turns out I'm that a lot
of people are saying that that
measurement is wrong because they keep
getting yellow hard yellowish brown hard
molds and that's what happened to me so
someone else said it's actually one gram
of the agar powder - 450 milliliters
water let's try that there we go one
gram that is barely any powder that
looks more like it
there we go I only have it I'm about
medium heat right now now that it's
boiling I'm gonna leave it for 45
seconds that's it as we go through these
trials more and more I start to learn
new things I originally used this
wineglass because as I cool it'll make
like a round shape but the top is
smaller than the bottom so it was kind
of hard to get out that would be even
harder then I realized I have some wine
glasses in here that are that are bulb
as well but it's the same it doesn't
really close in so I think this would be
the best option clearly I can't wait so
I submit it in ice water we just jumped
all the way through the day into the
night so that we can check on them here
they are it still looks like liquid
right well that is actually just the
consistency now it's a little it's not
perfectly clear but I don't know if
that's just because the glass is all
foggy so let's put it on this surfboard
cutting board and see what it looks like
well that went out the opposite way
which is OK oh it's coming apart a
little bit but no that's I mean that
looks good to me
let's try the second one
that one came out a little cleaner
check these out guys this one see this
one is much cleaner and this one I kind
of dumped weird but once I realized I
could just like kind of take it out so
weird these are already starting to like
melt the back down to water I want a
taste one so let's see oh that's so
weird
whoa
but it's not bad
is it worth all that work no but it was
an experience and it was supposed to be
something that was gonna take me
probably about 15 minutes and ended up
taking me a long time but we got it we
did it anyway that was still fun make
sure you go ahead and click that link
down the description so you can get a
ticket to the mud run if you guys are
locals so we can all were on that
together because that would be super fun
and we'll all be on the vlog and could
just be a team so on that note I will
see you guys again soon
good bye grab our lifejackets on earth
we are flying
