hey guys I'm nervous about this one not
gonna lie I'm pretty nervous um I dunno
what I'm doing today there's a lot of
times that I'm like I don't know what's
going on today today I know um and I
gotta say first off that I know you guys
aren't the biggest fan of sponsored
content but when the sponsors really
help make a vlog cool and help me do
what I want to do I'm really excited
about it
this one just right off the bat is
sponsored by Opinion Outpost where it's
a website that if you go there and you
fill out surveys and stuff you earn
points to redeem them for cash or for
gift cards super awesome I actually have
used it in the past I know it's not a
scam it works definitely I'm going to
put the link down the description so
that you guys can go try that and see
for yourself but they're the ones that
are sponsoring this and making this
happen you do have to be 18 by the way
to do those surveys just to let you know
sorry for those that are younger but
what they're sponsoring today is a date
I am going on a date and it is going to
be super epic because it's being
sponsored so I can make it
crazier than I would normally be able to
handle so today I'm gonna go on a really
epic date and I'm bringing you guys
along with me I just took a shower I've
been getting ready I picked out I mean
the shirt is not necessarily black but
it's dark I just like kind of still
keeping that theme I think it looks okay
right I mean not that you're gonna
answer me right now
and I'm not wearing my my dirty converse
and we're in wood boots but let me go
they got wood under them I'm trying to
look nice here guys give me a break
she's coming up right now
your cheese hello how you look good
oh you look all jazzy hey puppy it goes
army hi
oh he said Oh andrea has no idea what I
have in store so this is gonna be a
surprise but she's excited that's good
no problem
uh-uh
here we go I think Andrea has a good
idea about what's going on right now
you think you figured it out look
outside yeah that would be a helicopter
on our case we are flying
we now made it we are in Catalina super
nice I mean if you're gonna do dinner
might as well do it on island right this
okay yeah this is fine okay with this
it's all right it's all right so we got
some time just to hang out and enjoy
gonna do some fun stuff before dinner so
we're just gonna go slow around have
good luck we rented on the golf cart
we're just driving the coast mouth
yeah
when I
go back down
that is all of Avalon here and can we
hire you at the city yeah the city of
Avalon oh here comes the car behind us
let's go she's taking the wheel we're
going up all the way around the back
side of I don't know if you guys
remember but I for my birthday actually
went ziplining here was a lot of fun I
did that with Roman and Brittany and
everything and this is where you start
where do we drove up here this is the
zip line tours you just go through this
Canyon we can come back and do that by
80 to see one no you go like from that
thing there's like six or seven I'll go
and they get bigger and faster more fun
we're fun yeah we did the whole scenic
route and we have some time before
dinner so we decided to get some
cocktails first we got them here
yeah we're quick fast
and we decided to get oyster shooters
looks like yeah
take it down
yeah really good
sitting down for dinner now this is nice
right so nice amazing
I got to show you guys how clear the
water is this you can see through
there's actually a stingray over there
but I think it's too far for me to show
you up here
oh I see there's it's like right in
there there goes the stingray yeah is
coming there he goes that looks good the
viewers are going to be like okay like I
don't get it
like fun of me for vlogging the food I
like I like to see good food you don't
look at like your Oh last night I mean
literally look at my last tweet it's
like I don't know it's more arousing
horn horn or whatever yeah then you guys
can answer that below look at this
thank you and we realize we were
comparing dick sizes all right whoa
it does look good though over turf is
choosing
I'm showing food again wrong with that
no okay know what we're here for dinner
we are no it was just that was it was
just like zoom in oh that circular
motion it does so good it was really
good
you're so Abraham one last cuz I want to
hear
we're back at my place now and we
decided to hang out and watch some TV we
were watching Impractical Jokers funny
TV show oh my god I love love love
Impractical Jokers Impractical Jokers
so I think at this point guys I'm just
gonna end it here I hope you guys aren't
too mad about that but we had really
good days you have a good day have a
good day I'm tired I'm tired too I'm
really tired yeah it's only like eight
no he's just sitting even really wanted
to go out he was like eh he's just
didn't he's like what are you looking at
I wasn't going to go on the couch red
harvey anyways guys i'll see you guys
again soon goodbye now we'll see how it
looks
whoa so cool we made it a fire tornado
machine well I made I made a fire
tornado machine
