hey guys it's a new day today hey mr.
beauty mr. Harvey I has a goooood when
parents is called they're actually
downstairs I think they wanted to go get
lunch or something I don't know what
we're gonna end up doing I don't know
what's going on today but I know it's
gonna be a good day why because it
always is
Abbey's enjoying her lunch eating her
are you enjoying it is it good yeah
happy I wanted to ask you something
who is your favorite uncle yeah Alex I'm
my favorite uncle too we decided to take
Abby to the pier so she can have some
fun over here so we just got here and
she comes
get your own Abby are you gonna play
basketball
yeah yeah go Alex go out let's go
ah
did you get something thank you there
you go
do you like this yeah okay there you go
yeah oh my god
GL's fish caucus now that we left the
pier we're actually at the park with the
ponds and the ducks around here here's
some babies there they go mr. jig is
home hello mr. J Harvey's there to greet
you what's up dude what's up dude
but oh your mouth is all wet you
drinking water drinking water I watched
a lot of YouTube videos and I go across
a lot of like weird science experiments
ones or lifehack ones or different
things and I came across this one of
someone made a fire tornado but the
thing that intrigued me the most is
everything that he used in the video I
have so I want to make a fire tornado in
here we have a mesh trashcan in our
medicine drawer we have some rubbing
alcohol they use 91% this is 99% I'm
sure that'll just make it burn better I
still have these jumbo cotton balls from
when I was doing how to eat fire I need
some sort of flammable container and I
know I have this right here which is
just like a steel like baking cup thing
but you could use he actually use the
glass ashtray if you use something like
glass or so they just make sure it's
like Pyrex or something that can handle
high heat if it is glass or else it'll
just explode
lastly we need one of these or anything
that you could place this fence anything
that you can place this trash can on
that will make it rotate while this is
spinning I don't want the alcohol to be
splashing out so that's what these
cotton balls are four of them could
probably just maybe just do three
there's three there right now that
should be funny I'm gonna add just
enough for this rubbing alcohol to soak
the cotton balls now you go ahead and
place this as much in the center as
possible into the trash can and make
sure the trash can is as centered on
this as possible so when it rotates it
kind of stays in the middle now that
it's in there go ahead and take your
lighter be very careful and it lights
once it's lit go ahead and spin and it
hopefully will make I guess come on
whoa we got a fire tornado oh it is
moving to the outside hold on I went
ahead and took half the width of some
duct tape roll it up put it there so
hopefully this will keep it centered
down in the trash can let's give this
another go light up there we go there
oh and actually kidding you can't spin
it fast it has to spin slow like this
damn that is awesome
look at that I wish that could like burn
like that consistently because that
would be I you know I could I could
probably like rig a motor to that just
have like a consistent tornado I found
this little pocket fan here I could
probably because here's where the motor
would be I could probably just take this
apart use that motor and we can see if
we could add a motor to this to keep it
spinning automatically I removed
everything and here is the motor that
was inside of it I will need to reattach
these wires because they were through
the plastic so they had to be snipped
just fine I can just restore these back
on to each side it doesn't matter which
ones which if I put it on the side that
it wasn't on before all it does is
reverse the polarity and switch the
rotation of the motor so it's not a big
deal
I put the fan back on here and I took
toothpicks broke them in half and taped
them so what I did was to measure that
out I pushed this one here and then
taped one and so that each one would
catch now I don't need the heights I
don't need the high speed on here I just
need the low speed so let's see if we
can get this spinning what do you know
and remember we can't go too fast
because that thing can't go too fast
oh it's picking up speed and it's on low
speed that is so awesome let's get some
fire going the fire is lit start the
gears up
or the gear single one okay see if we
can get this to go into a tornado
yes there we go we got a tornado machine
that is let's put on upholstery just as
a hell of it Oh - it's not too much
power do it alright let's turn these
legs lower now we'll see how it looks
whoa so cool we made it a fire tornado
machine well I made I made a fire
tornado machine holy this is so awesome
that looks so crazy was that cool or
what Harvey I know you're tired
you trying to close out the vlog I think
that's what I'm ready to do I think it's
time for bed
yeah I think it's time for for for me to
call it a night today I hope that you
guys enjoyed watching I will see you
guys again soon
goodbye easy
