hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
not sure what I got going on that seems
to be a reoccurring trend but that's why
this is just so much fun because whether
you believe you should wear a helmet
Greg anyways guys today's gonna be a
good day white because it always is I
should be wearing a helmet doing this
but I'm not gonna go fast it's gonna be
really slow and I have the protection
box
it's my Alex in a box
I found these at my house clearly Roman
left um but I'm claiming them as my own
so mom are right they're mine Harvey has
found his place he's got his his sexy
leg out we decided to take the little
guys for a walk one of them's a little
one of them's little one of them's just
gigantic pretty well hop the hubby yeah
you guys have seen that jake has adopted
Hank and Hank has such a great story on
how he was rescued and says with such a
happy ending if you guys want to see the
whole story because he was rescued by
dr. Mack from vet Ranch who is also on
demolition ranch vet Ranch is a great
channel where they rescue animals now
there's a whole video dedicated to Hank
I'm gonna go ahead and put the link down
in the description make sure you go
check it out showed some love and it's
just a great video and and I am gonna
warn you ahead of time they do show a
little bit of graphic stuff so you know
just be ready for that but it is great
video so go over there and check it out
I'm hanging out with my sister and Abby
now and Abby keeps saying she wants to
go to the park where do you want you
want to go on the slide right then the
slide well Abby we're not going to the
park we're not no because we're gonna
bring the park here yeah what if we
built a slide in here should we do that
yeah we got some boxes there and we got
a staircase here we're gonna make a
cardboard slide inside the apartment
we're bringing the park home two years
ah
Jake came down to help out and to finish
it off of me okay so we just finished
super epic slide I know that the duct
tape will make the slide little slower
but that's probably a good thing because
you slide right into a wall into a metal
wall we realized but but it's probably a
little too harsh for this so Jake is
blowing up a pool toy because I think
that might work you're doing a great job
Oh easy
that was good yeah oh my god
yeah as if this glamour don't try this
with your nieces at home this was so
much fun guys I think I'm gonna leave it
here I hope you guys enjoyed watching
you guys should make slides in your home
all of these boxes only cost us less
than $20 so it's a lot of fun in a short
amount of time and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye
