hey guys it's a new day today and Wow is
it off to such an amazing start holy oh
my god the reason why is if you guys
haven't yet please go up to the
mouthguard challenge I did with Roman
Atwood that was so much fun to film and
I was just so excited and the thing that
I literally I've been reading and
reading every single comment that comes
in I'm not lying
every single comment and people are
saying funniest video ever this made my
day and do you know I could not every
time I read those comments I can't get a
smile off my face the best feeling in
the world is to make someone else just
to provide someone happiness and
laughter and this video is completely
family friendly it's a little gross I
get that but it's a it's all family
friendly it's funny no matter what age
you are that is the best form of calm
that's my favorite form it's very
physical it's I'm just so happy with the
video I'm so happy with the the turnout
that you guys like it it's just it's a
it's starting off to be a really good
day andrew is on her way up right now
she's actually come up the elevator I
don't know what we're gonna do exactly
but we'll find some fun stuff as a Jew I
love gefilte fish now I'm not saying
every Jew loves gefilte fish but it's
just fitting that's it's it's something
that is very Jewish she wants to try it
she's willing to try it so Bry I don't
think everything I'm not picking you
know we'll see you know cuz this you eat
it's like kinda like blended and if you
eat it cold well that's how it gets into
these like looks like matzo balls you'll
see when it comes out this is filter
fish so I'm gonna go ahead cut it in
half you can have
yeah looks just like a matzo ball but
doesn't taste like that okay good you
guys like to know it is good right I
mean that's a little fishy but it's not
bad
I know if I'd like eat it oh well you
don't have to eat it all the time
what do you do and I'm actually
surprised you liked it a lot of people
don't it's mainly eaten unlike Passover
Jewish holiday just a little morbid she
just a little more fishy
sometimes when I'm just looking for like
fun things to do I walk into stores like
we're an REI right now just looking for
fun stuff right right now I'm looking
for a kayak do you have like a like a
cheaper like two-person kayak could be a
play table or anything
well the cheapest kayak was $900 I'm not
gonna get that to do this so we found a
cheap like inflatable boat excuse me
five so it's still twelve foot five
person boat and I have the booster board
we thought since we don't want to
actually go to the ocean today
we would just hook on this boat
hopefully to the booster board and maybe
we could go for a ride there on two in a
boat I told you it to you for boat ride
today right we go for a book
hey Andrea a little for a boat ride just
trying to make it work I only have just
the boosted board and this thing is
gigantic I know we need like three
boosted boards on to turn to make this
work we will try to figure out a way to
make this work
just keep the motion going yep any time
now
Andrea's just pumping away yeah no this
electric pump this is the only end
because it's four tires it's like car
tires and there was no like anything we
could fit into it so we got the middle
done and now she's doing the outside
part I am sweaty but I am happy it
turned it works
ready ready with this remote
they got brakes on it we got a cow we
got a powerboat damn this was the best
idea I read let's take this outside you
ready you gonna take the boat out you're
gonna take the boat out the boathouse
okay anyway correctly oh my god I know
it's really hard to balance once you get
moving now we'll be get ready let's try
to stay up lean left
we've left a little because you're gonna
steer at the front
oh my god oh no we're going into the you
guys steer I'm flying
you're the time I'll go up there get
heavier yeah it's working okay steering
is a little tough but I think we just
popped it cuz as we're sliding we hear
oh no it's only sounds okay I think oh
maybe the bottom that's okay
we realized the to skateboard ideas
weren't working so we took this one out
and we added just like a four wheel
dolly thing and then we're using this in
front so that's the only power in
steering the back could fishtail but it
actually works like this
see we can move your power yeah here we
go
Oh
we realized that the boat kind of popped
just because it was grinding stuff like
that we realized that if we had a kayak
could be so much more narrow so we'll be
sliding on the floor and would be rigid
so if I ever try that again I'm gonna
have to do with a kayak that boat just
it just didn't work out but it was still
hard narrow like narrow because I was
like a big what kind of but the boat it
just doesn't work j-jake was you were
kind of bummed that it didn't that it
was not here anymore gonna passed I know
I sent him the snap but it popped
beforehand it's just not it totally
ruined but it was a fun experience while
it lasted
Andrea now has a You Now channel so we
are on hers broadcasting right here
there's this just calm / Andrea Wendell
come on and say hello people faces hi
blog they're saying hi what's up what's
up yeah run hers right now it's rich
hanging out so I'm gonna use the
breathalyzer to measure how much out
drive me it's not that much it's got a
countdown and then I'll breathe into it
this one is super legit every like six
months you got to send it in to get
calibrated
let's see 2005 for ya hold start there
hold it yeah you ain't get it when the
countdowns done
okay let's see nervous point one exactly
yeah
picking your way over RV I think he just
woke up
we went out to get some breakfast Harvey
I got to give you yours
I gotta give you yours you hungry
there's a group of bloggers that I've
you know talked to on you now and online
never hit that and got a chance to meet
them in person at playlist and it was
really cool we hung out and everything
and they're called the easy life which
is zackin and Emily and I had a cool
sit-down with Zach for their Channel and
he put it up to today so I see it now I
wanted to make sure that you guys if
you're interested you go check it out on
his channel he called it the truth about
Alex Mandel and there's their Channel
the easy life I will go ahead and put
that link in the description so you guys
can check it out if you want to it's a
it's I think you guys should I think you
guys should check it out because I say a
lot of things there about the way I feel
about the way things are going on here
you head now oh I gotta go this way
because the light is like making you
there now I do now it's my okay well
she's heading down this guy's this is
where I'm gonna end the vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed watching this is such a fun
one
Oh see you guys get soon good bye
