hey guys it's a new day today I am back
in LA I had such an amazing time
playlist I tweeted it you know it is a
big things like you could give someone a
gift but I think it's if you give
someone an experience
thank you GPS if you uh you know give
someone experience it's just worth so
much more playlists always provides such
an amazing experience for you know for
me for you guys for everyone just so
that I can meet people so you guys can
see you know different content my vlog
and it just it's just good for
everything it provides just a lot of
positivity I'm excited that I went and
had such a good time but we're back back
to fun times here in LA I am heading
right now to go meet my mom and my
sister I don't know who else is there I
think it's just my mom my sister I don't
know anyway well I'm meeting them for
lunch
and I'm just gonna start off a good day
we're gonna have a good day today
why because we always do you guys
actually hear my GPS a lot when I vlog
when I'm driving and that the reason
being is during the day here it's not
that I don't know where things are it's
that I specifically use an app called
ways because it takes me on the it
tracks traffic so I can try to find the
shortest way because here in LA it is a
world of traffic so that's just why you
guys always here my GPS going is because
I don't want to get stuck I will try to
get places faster hello
okay
hello showing you something oh hi by the
way what are you showing me
oh here I'm gonna put the go for it just
getting home now dude I was gonna say
your dude home your dude homes
you are home we just put my mail down
mail is down yeah buddy I missed you I
miss you
maybe next playlist you'll come with me
yeah how about that how about that how
about that dude yeah I know I know I
know you won't we screwed you sit got my
high five
ah good boy good boy I'm so happy to be
back
Oh Tina a wink hi mom
he's Barbies good you woke up you woke
up Harvey and you woke up Jake no it's
okay they're just napping Jake and I
decided to go for some shopping at night
right yeah what did you would you pick
out yes what is this this is for
personal use I was gonna say did you
grab the cable I yet and then to join
our adventures we both didn't suit my
fur and David hi
he's bringing the camera as if it's
windy if it's windy that's the the
windscreen it looks like you taped the
dead rat for the government
some people say eyebrows did that was
great yeah he actually lives out here in
Santa Monica we should and you work from
home down there so while he's at work
we should do but start our clog your
home yeah you can work for my home I
have a I have it like a desk and a few
pen your Wi-Fi yeah I like doing that I
don't like to plug in scared I'll plug
it in I can you use the Wi-Fi and then
we'll do we'll do stuff for the vlog
that way I can hopefully try to get to
like daily vlogs because then I can do
more fun stuff what do you do now it's
not daily anymore because I don't I
can't find the cottage that's when I'll
own another loser at home at the time
I'm not interesting
help help make me I'm not it you wanna
do fun do fun things even close hooters
it's gonna see what you go there
you balance my life it gets okay well
we're gotten some fun content but we'll
get the K yeah for now at the gateway
which is something sometimes online 9gag
or any other place we'll post a picture
of some sort of math puzzle or riddle or
something and I love to try to figure
them out today I saw something that was
posted by 9gag on Twitter and I thought
I was I was super quick to figure it out
it became hours long of just arguing
with with followers and it wasn't
arguing I wasn't arguing whether they
were right or wrong it was just let me I
want you guys I thought it'd be fun and
interesting for us to have this
discussion here most likely in the
comments and I'll give you guys the
answer because the answer is not part of
the argument they said can you solve
this problem now at this point if you
want to pause and try to figure it out
yourself please do that now for those of
you that don't care that much I'll tell
you exactly my thinking so right away
when I looked at this I was like okay
four plus one is five got that now to
get on to the next one I said let's just
add this in sequence because this is a
sequence of problems so one plus four
equals five I did five plus two is seven
and then I added it to the answer this
like if some sequence five six seven
right there plus five is twelve and then
I took this you added to the next
equation six seven eight nine there you
go oh let's get on that just as popping
up and add that to 12 goes 21 does same
thing here and I resulted in 40 that
makes sense right a lot of people after
I started posting 40 we're like no it is
I said 96 like yeah someone told me that
the way they got that was they went 4
times 1 is 4 plus 1 is 5 they did this
five times two is ten plus two is twelve
so they ended up adding the first one
after they multiplied it 6 times 3 is 18
plus 3 is 21 11 times 8 is 88 plus 896
these equations usually have to do it
logic and not adding in something that
isn't there should just be because this
is an adding problem where would I find
multiplication coming into this now does
that make it wrong no because there is
no right or wrong answer apparently so
who is right the 96 or the 40 I thought
mine because it's just more simple and
logical then some people started to look
and they said that the sequence here is
its I'm doing it wrong because this is 1
2 3 and there's actually a gap between 8
and I said you're assuming that the
sequence to try to do is 1 2 3 but if
you follow my formula it actually still
is in C in sequence should be correct I
don't mean to bore you guys this is just
something that I thought that we can all
try to figure out together I like when
there's a big conversation in the
comments I think it's 40 some people
think it's 96 I'm really curious to see
your discussions in there and you know
if you say 40 you're not wrong if you
say 96 I also don't think you're wrong I
just want to know your reasoning for
coming up with your own opinion on it
I'm into a new day today and my dad is
here I'm here yeah we're actually
everybody we're going live today later
on today if you're watching today you're
in time we're going live at 4:00 p.m.
Pacific time so here on the west coast
of Italy it's 7:00 Eastern
7:00 p.m. Eastern so you guys have
pictures on you now on my channel you
now calm slash Alex Mandel we're gonna
go live what we're gonna do we're gonna
go live why I need a date either find a
date that's why you spot yeah eyelash
extensions anyway girl I got to go back
I gotta edit this I gotta put it up and
I gotta finish my extensions but okay
okay will you have fun with that I'm
gonna go back anyways guys that's all I
got for you for today I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
