hey guys it's a new day and it's my
birthday
and it is my birthday and about two
hours ago
there was no solid plan for my birthday
and I'm a last minute kind of guy even
though Jake's been pressed me all week
to see of a plan and I didn't but now
we've made one we're at the airport
without a flight and we're heading to
Vegas jig you almost ready
no oh dude I don't know if they have oh
they do have liquor
have you there yet that's not my 30th 28
hello this is hardly subtle not here
this is the room
Wow okay yeah let's check out upstairs I
mean the fact that we have upstairs in
the room oh yeah well it's like all
glass windows look you know yeah oh and
this is the infinity toe oh wait this I
thought a shower ended here no it goes
all the way back here this is the shower
yes oh my god it's rain showers you
totally can this is the walk-in closet
yeah oh this whoa this is a big okay
cheers guys two hours ago we had no plan
for my birthday and now there is a
private butler bringing us this is just
ridiculous like this is I didn't even
it's okay nothing like that I was like I
saw it says the gaming you're saying she
said yeah we can bring you board games
ionising okay I thought it was like a
game system she's like oh yeah we have
Xbox one we have ps4 we have weed what
would you guys like occurred and it's
all complimentary yeah what is life
right now what like three minutes oh my
god it's the weed
on a whole there's a lot the Wii U was
our first choice because we figured that
would be the fun system when we're drunk
like like what she's saying smash bros
and mario kart everything hey I am a
couple days late in the last vlog you
guys like we're going to make some out
you'll guess what I followed so I'm here
even without an invite but I made up my
own let's go up to the room oh you just
you didn't have to do that thank you
thank you yeah I know you said you want
us to have the wow factor
I've been wowing every two minutes do
you want us to get wild and I think like
one right here and it might melt that a
little bit but it'll look good for a
second and then one in the back here so
like lights out right up from the back
so kind of like it gives a nice little
like glow
it's like that shit Oh shot time yeah
make the wish comment what do you think
I'm gonna wish Andrea don't read the
comments
yeah yes ready for dinner
I am going to haka sadly she's just
weird all the time hello dear of coal
got another happy birthday thing and you
know why birthday because of that
because this girl right here says it's
this birthday that everywhere hey guys
you ready for some top golf you did good
last time
last time we were here
I like air-balled it like everything
else in China that's true Jake have you
ever done it
what time
oh I'm gonna ride this drunk all the way
to the fucking Airport oh my gosh we
went to bed at 7:00 a.m. it's now 9 a.m.
we have to make our flight okay I love
it I keep saying to her she's like 9:30
a.m. we need to go now
oh yeah yeah I keep saying to her I
don't know if I can sit through the
flight I feel like good sick oh dear my
being hammered yet so yeah she's still
pretty drunk I'm like just getting out
of this I want to get out of this I want
to go I'm gonna do the guys I had an
amazing birthday last night after we
were in the put us in like Tiesto's
suite that he had before he performed
that was that big room and then halfway
through the night we were moved out into
a table right in the middle of dance
floor that was sex yeah okay guys I'm so
sick I gotta go I love you and thank you
for watching
I don't know he's missing oh my god Jake
yeah Jake is not in his bed he's missing
so I don't know I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
you
