hey guys it's a new day today and
Brandon I just got up and we are heading
back into the green room because I have
a meet up today that I'm doing with Alex
Mesabi and swoozie so we're heading in
right now gotta check in and then going
in I saw people tweeting me that they're
already in line for the meetup so I'm
excited to see who shut up heading to
the meat of this review my meetup
buddies your father making we talked
about this dude at fuji sho was showed
up and made the show his own like you
were there yeah do literally show and
then everybody got about their see him
palmerston like i thought i was going
late so i start and I'm like I hear all
this in hearing and I think like oh no
I'm late they're coming out of stage I
doing here they there for me legit a
stampede in Lion King what if I become a
guide it was a really fun experience
through here okay
through here
that's good everyone else so loud that
you guys need to beat them can you be
really loud I think I think we beat them
I think we did make sure to abandon sure
Frank would
is it developed yeah it's still
developing but there's like a just a bit
we just wrapped it up yo you guys enjoy
it love that it actually we ended up we
were talking we were meeting people over
two hours it was great was super
exciting um I was I was freaking out
that there would be like I've got many
people and it was a full room so awesome
just so many pictures and everything I
really hope that you took a picture make
sure you tweet me I want to like it
between it but thank you guys for those
who that came bro it was really good
I've got the golden to recruit I've got
the golden ticket this trip oh I got a
gold ticket I got a gold ticket I get to
meet him we're going to the parties I
don't have a cool ticket break i do then
yeah he actually they only gave us one
golden ticket so it's like if we if we
can't get one for Brandon I'm gonna have
to go without him no no no yeah come
back I know I'll figure it out we got to
figure it out though because we do only
have one so i don't know why they trying
to split us up
we are walking into Universal wiggle I
never been to this one before yeah he's
never been to universal orlando and i
was to feature all by hand well it's
romantic wasters fireworks all I wanna
do is when I felt his hand but mine I
was like a leech on my hands but uh I'm
excited for this I remember last year so
much fun so I just this is like selling
that Brandon's like oh my god this is
what I'm waiting for all weekend but it
is it's an experience especially be here
at night when it's just the creators
it's such a such a cool different
experience oh we could take a picture
together yeah
Oh
ah
I see Hogwarts the coolest thing about
this ride is look at the line there's no
lying hello there's no line dude yeah
I'm
logs moving
we just met up with Pete although I
can't met him now I think it's by
lockerz lastly far let's do it let's do
it we're doing it we're going on the
ride the only thing I'm afraid of is
it's a water ride and in case you didn't
know this long camera is not waterproof
I wish I had
foresight to bring a GoPro for this one
just so that we could get wet but maybe
I can blog some of it and just put it in
my pocket before drops into the water
okay so I'm sitting with all with with
these guys and with Brandon and the lap
bar has like so much room in between IM
not even held in but it's okay you know
what i picture sit with you guys honey
we're all really one's really tight and
i'm just a little guy here we go we are
going up flashes oh yo guys took like
light y'all
Oh
oh no they sent you to fall guy gotta
shake until water honor
Oh
we're dropping we're dropping
my camera is so I hope my camera is
gonna continue to work in literary so
fellas I'm wet what
we decided to eat here we just got some
salads I got a salad just know me hate
it is it is just what about Tommy Roche
actually this is a completely closed
arcade and it totally reminds me of five
nights at Freddy's I don't know if you
guys ever played it's a really scary
game pretty good but that's correct
allowed to go we just went on the drop
on the the drop one whatever it is drop
of doom yeah they told me that I can
mount my camera on it and then when I
was getting on I was like hey where do i
mount my cameron they're like oh you're
in the wrong tower so I couldn't even
mount it but it was a lot of fun I just
spoke that I didn't talk too much to
close it out last night and we got back
in the room I was talking to someone
down to lobby and Brandon came up early
when I time I came up here he was
sleeping and I didn't want to wake him
up and end it I figured I'd be closed it
out here but I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog and the playlist vlogs and it's
pretty much time where we're heading
back to LA today and I just gotta she
gonna get all packed up and get ready to
go that's all I got for you I will see
you guys again soon goodbye
Oh Jessie wish you fellows about Jesse
get back here then that thinks but it's
really fast
