hey guys it's a new day today give
morning it's morning still it's five
o'clock at night yesterday and you're
lying it's five o'clock yesterday it's
five o'clock somewhere now it is morning
and we are actually I got a couple
panels today and I'm going to go live on
you now on there at their like stage
studio thing that they set up here so
we're going to head down we're going to
the first panel then I'm part of and we
got to be there about 15 minutes we
gotta head down right now they have this
room here before you do a meetup or a
panel or anything this is where all the
youtubers are I guess in binders and
everyone are hanging out we've show up
your half hour before any panel or meet
up or anything just to the role in place
and then we get escorted to where we got
to go so there's looks like a lot of
people hanging out here we're just
talking
bunch of friends I just thought I early
i didn't i didn't get him on a blog i
get about a vlog a little bit later
but yeah everyone's just kind of waiting
tell us their time to go someone that
you guys think it's seen yesterday's
vlog I'm seeing them right now walk in
oh no I gotta chase them chase them we
got Jason oh my god where are you
running to thank you buddy that's a
buddy I feel way better way better
that's good yeah what is Italy yeah we
just did our meeting oh cool we're gonna
go drop this off of you at lunch
together I have a panel and then I will
talk to you guys later on for the day
you're done yeah I will text you after
i'm done and then we can do so after we
go cool then you're gonna be yeah I will
be see ya Thanks we're walking in now
we're we're backstage I believe Ricky
Dillon is on stage right now
sing
so we gotta wait and we're going to go
up over here
I guess it's just you and I here let's
do it yeah this is on well we just
finished the panel walking up right now
and it's time to go to the United stage
I found mr.
mr. P night one more period he's
actually in a really good mood
I think I'm gonna go live on you
up here at some point I think we go you
gotta we come on sure okay right now
heading into the second and last panel
for me this should be cool this one is
not on the main stage this one's an end
of one of the ballrooms that's pretty
cool you excited right for what for
money you can see me that this works
must have lunch i'm hungry too we'll get
lunch out of this because i know i was
saying or doing you to bring it at that
and the thing was so hard audition
audition audition with the business of
knows that it's not that it's terrible
discouraging to get Sony knows i'm
usually don't need to get it knows just
you know you make it because i think
like a compton you might get hey would
you look at those but think that I
realized it and I have friends that are
actors and actresses dating and I always
come on a beta me to check do something
on them and they say that they don't
wanna do they want to take acting
seriously they want to do that I've
never heard something so
my life this day and age that I produced
I produced TV shows that note here this
is attachment work in casting and
everything that they're like a look at
audience in this person brings not
having jus here by the child is an
important thing but they also care about
can bring an audience to the tape
because in the past is can this person
you know do well on screen but in this
person if I'm slightly less talented
than someone else through but I have you
know half a million followers they're
gonna pick just because I have already
given free marketing I can already
drinkin audience to watch what what's
that I met a new friend at playlist and
i'm so excited she's just beautiful look
at this beautiful girl hi hi Spanky
Spanky the spider monkey how are you hey
stinky what you looking at nice dress
you were pretty dress
what is that what's going on
be lazy
how are you doing
well
spanky thank you so much for helping me
make a drink video we just finished a
drink video so you guys the link is in
the description make sure you check out
the drink video I just did with Spanky
the spider monkey you taught you your
wasted now after that drink just hanging
out wasted having a good time I
appreciate you do it you working with me
hey you just hanging out he's hanging
out
Oh give him a hug goodbye
have a nice baby Oh
see
it was very nice hanging out with you
expect
I'm gonna go okay
I'm gonna go bye-bye
that was such an awesome experience to
my favorite animal world as a monkey I
mean besides my love for right now
Harvey but I've always wanted a month
and so I wanted to do that the drink
video is awesome so please make sure you
check that out the link is in the
description but also Spanky has a
channel so make sure you go show her
some love it's just youtube.com slash
Spanky the spider monkey that's what the
channel is youtube com Spanky the spider
monkey and there's videos of more videos
of her on there so you guys can go there
and check it out oh i was gonna lie you
and then you didn't even you think i
should ever so sorry i am so so turn
that off when I've one you don't want
I'm so don't
we talk
okay i'll be ten
here while i'm coming hold one of those
for you okay we're young hey is it yeah
but you're going to
perfect
oh my gosh so
go
No
it's not that hard at all oh yeah
there's you can do flips and stuff it's
crazy I don't know
well
she got
your drinks
it was very gentle and I've been working
out
just feel so nice and yes
so as we go
your lady aight crap row Jesse wish you
felt about Jesse get back here then that
thinks fast it's really fast I would try
to get you to read mine you know how
much I missed my booster bored right now
whoa there has been some drinking at the
event to the end the swamp water here
down the stairs ago
there he goes
dish from yeah I've been drinking so
what brands peeing right now anyway we
are back in the room now I can't tell
you how good it is to see all these
youtubers that I haven't you know seen
in awhile especially I love any excuse
to hang out with Roman he's a good
friend of mine so grow it in Brittany
both of them um he loves Jessie and
everyone it's just it's just good to see
everyone Jessie and Gina I I'm checking
on the light drinking video that I i
already put it up but I haven't made it
to public so it'll be public by the time
you guys are watching this definitely
and i love it i sent it to my dad isn't
my sister there they loved it Abby my
niece has already watched it five times
cuz she loves the monkey it's just pinky
but um yeah I just I'm happening today
sorry guys I'm giving you guys a closure
wall I'm drunk definitely not gonna lie
back and try at it so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today I had a lot of
fun i hope you guys enjoyed watching and
I will see you guys again to go yea vote
again in 96 out beer tower
yeah we saw that they had 96 beer towers
out here
