Furi Furi do you know what time it is do
you know what time it is it's time to
start the vlog dude hey guys it's a new
day today and unfortunately I gotta do
something I really really don't want to
do to start off today but I know you'll
be excited be and I'll tell you why so
for those you don't know I will be a
playlist live this coming weekend and
that means I gotta take Harvey to go get
watched at the vet now that that would
be terrible for most dogs but Harvey
actually loves it when he sees us pull
up there he gets super excited because
he knows that's Harvey's whorehouse
right dude yeah that's where it's like a
full buffet of bitches and I could say
that because I'm referring to female
dogs see so it actually works in this
scenario you ready for them bitches dude
yeah so I'm gonna hang out with him for
a little take him for a walk and then
I'll go ahead over there and drop them
off I just dropped off Harvey and they
have another dog here check out smudge
hey you just got a haircut how's it
going
it's flippy we are at the airport by we
Brandon's here now yeah I just happen to
be here yes it is I found about the
airport well we're heading out to play
list now so we just went through
security and now we gotta go to boards
plane next stop let's get over here yeah
we're pulling up thank you pull pull it
up hey I didn't actually pull about it's
fun I thank you are you walking into the
truck yeah with her so we are heading
right now into playlists live I think
it's the back entrance here we go this
is the lobby area it's like really nice
yeah oh yeah they got a lot of ketchup
and then carrots you like carrots going
through the ice
this
okay we're gonna hang out Brandon and I
are back in the room now because I had
to make sure I set a video to go live
you go public on my drinks channel so it
is live right now on the channel and it
is how to make powdered alcohol I did it
with furious Pete super super cool just
a fun experiment I mean you'll see how
it turned out and we also did a great
one for his channel so if you go to the
description of this video you will see
the link to his we just want to try
something that was like totally
different and I'm really I'm happy to
about the way it turned out I think it
was just a it's just a fun video to
watch so make sure you guys go check it
out show it some love share it give it
some likes and just support like you
guys always do but link is in the
description
max had an idea funny video for an idea
for me to do like just while we're here
cuz if you noticed I don't have a vlog
yesterday well I kind of did and this
that's what we're filming right now is
what you guys saw yesterday if you
didn't see it I'm not gonna tell you
you're just gonna go look but this new
camera is great because I have that
headphone jack that he's wearing right
now and the reason why it's so important
the reason why I didn't want to use my
like 70d in a lot of videos is even
right now I said could you listen to the
audio and he goes it's not coming
through on the left ear we had to tweak
the plug a little on the mic cuz the mic
is older I gotta get a new one to make
sure it's working so it is important to
have that headphone jack you can't just
trust audio levels yeah we're gonna 96
ounce beer tower
yeah we we saw that they had 96 ounce
beer towers I'm here
over in town oh you're gonna be here
eating at the same restaurant we are yes
a lot like crazy summer hey that's so
that if it's windy outside
yeah oh you ready this you ready Joe hey
fireballs or just thinking enough to
come
what it smells so bad
why didn't man poopy I did a poopy baby
poop why don't you get the room and two
bathrooms yeah we came back up here
because I wanted to change into jeans I
was actually wearing shorts one change
to jeans and we got to get a wristband
to go to the party tonight what
tonight's party is hosted by maker so
we're gonna go over there get our party
on I've been reading the comments
yesterday's video the one that we had
put up with the banana and of course you
know I love it because I love the
comments that are like the hills this
bro
just from all the people that have no
sense you all right now they may they
just may not like I love that awkward
silent no music just I don't know that
what that video was more for me than for
you but if you did enjoy it you got it
so I applaud you for that but regardless
let's go down to the party
I guess you gotta get a drink I got one
drink ticket these are ice cute do they
just give those down vivo your laundry
he's a she's a fun one because he is not
knowing that the line is really long so
right as I pushed for Court I hear
Brandon pooping really loud with the
shower on I heard it just into the
toilet that's disgusting I'm sure you
guys didn't wanna know but since I had
to deal with that now you do anyway it's
clearly the next day it's nice out today
very nice
not too much went on last night I didn't
end up drinking that much obviously
because I not obviously it just had a
couple drinks and that was it we have a
party every night here so I don't want
to just get wasted first night and then
feel like crap for the rest of the
weekend that wouldn't be smart but I do
have a a couple panels today as well as
I'm going live on you-now at 2:00 p.m.
Eastern Time so you guys can watch that
today live it'll be from my channel
Unicom slash Alex Mandel so you guys can
check that out make sure you guys go and
check out the drink video that link is
in the description thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you
guys again soon goodbye it's a Hanks new
home is with Jake is it with me there's
Hank well bud and his leg is healing up
nice no it does it looks perfect right
now
say hi bud hey here's Hank
