hey guys it's a new day today
and I have a big surprise for you a
really big one because you guys have
asked about this since I was at
demolition ranch with Matt or I should
say since I was at vet ranch
you guys saw what I went in and I said
you know I could I could always use
another tripod I was talking about Hank
it was the dog that Matt rescued only
has three legs well we found Hank a
really good home so Hanks new home is
with Jake is with me there's make well
bud and his leg is healing up nice no it
does it looks perfect right now
say hi bud hi here's Hank Hank has a
whole video dedicated to him on the vet
reg channel but it's not out yet we are
now that he is at his new home we're
gonna film some stuff here so that Matt
could add it to his video too as like
the culmination for his rescue all the
way to when he's in his new loving home
so we're going to go ahead and film some
footage at this nice park right by my
place and you just have fun playing
around yeah
you guys got to see this this there's
turtles and everything here and ducks
the Turtles look at this
a mom and her ducks little ducklings
Jake and I are trying to get this intro
shot done for us ensuring our part into
Matt's video but if you guys can hear so
it brought a gong to the part
you're getting in touch with very mature
yeah I know but that sounds like the
worst for filming it's supposed to make
you calm and it's making me so
frustrated oh my god
this is like okay well I guess we'll
have to try to figure out like a way to
film this my sister's baby showers today
cuz those you don't know I'm gonna have
a nephew soon so the baby where we're
heading there right now I'm with Jake hi
and Hank Jake and Hank we're heading
there right now but yeah the only issue
is is we're trying to get there on time
but I'm look I'm literally in park and
we are on the freeway let me see if
maybe I can just open this roof and I
could show them
how will they see
but it is
hello
we have no idea what is going on but
something is and I wanted to and so we
can keep going
everyone is getting out of their cars
now I mean there's a lot of people not
everyone but we've been here for a long
time like there
people waving turning into like a
freeway party look more people getting
out of their cars and up there it's just
this is taking forever it's ridiculous I
think we're going we're going put it
back in Drive and we're off
yeah we just got here to my parents
house they have all this gate lock now
the whole cool thing because of Abbey -
and then to my nephew so they don't
wander off and fall into the pool area
everything I'm ready very good one they
are teaching me sign language he's deaf
before that Hank make the tripod we were
that's right here hey how's it going
I love all the bar over here that's what
I just might learn we just put out a
pretty much everything
hello my secret sister oh yes there you
are
there you are he's just being lazy hey
she wants to swing are you having a good
time happy not you just hang in are you
not gonna answer me hey why Alex hey
wait hey wait hey wait hey there's a
wave
my dad was just showing me something
cool for those you don't know my my
nephew's name is axel kind of like axel
rose from Guns & Roses and check out all
the desserts here which I should which I
show them first
oh shut up Guns N Roses sweet child of
mine Guns N'Roses
and this is all cupcakes oh I didn't
even notice that you don't cut it
everything's a cupcake that's cool
Slash's hat yeah against around that
Guns & Roses sweet child of mine it's
all cupcakes and this is from Pope
coconut hot sometimes polka tots
cupcakes like so thing there and all
this all from polka tots it's good I'm
back at the apartment now and I just got
a text from Roman I don't know if you
guys have seen his new prank probably
mostly you have with the I ate where you
crash it through the wall with logan
paul and dudes is i thought it was
great
the other day I unfortunately was too
busy he wanted to hang out while he was
in LA and he was like dude come out
let's just hang out for a little I'm
trying to find a reason to hang out with
you like while I'm in town I was like I
wish I said can you come out here you're
just now that I see of course of course
Roman texts me and says this was
supposed to be you that day
and I said dude I would have been the
most freak down I'm such a pansy I was
supposed to be and that one of the
people that he got in the in the car -
crashing thing if I was one of those
people you guys would have seen it
I mean you guys already know that I'm
kind of a pansy but I can't even imagine
what my reaction would have been Jake
and I decided to go for a swim at Loews
Hotel out here oh by the beach oh it's
nice romantic stem day only we can
cuddle exactly the jacuzzi bunch of
other couples that we were gonna ditch
jacuzzi
we just want to go for some there's no
pool in our building so we like to come
over here and we could these there's
do
I'm gonna go under okay guys well not
too much one on last night pan just hung
out relax watch some TV and stuff like
that so I didn't do much vlogging but
today I think Brandon's going over a
little bit we'll hang out do some more
vlogging today not on this vlog though
this one I'm wrapping up because that's
all I got for you right dude you ready
to wrap it up yeah you I gotta take a
shower get ready start a new day I have
a date tonight I wasn't gonna tell you
guys and I don't think I'm gonna vlog it
because it's I don't think it's a good
thing to shoot a camera into someone's
face the first time you meet them but
I'll let you guys know how it goes
I definitely will if you guys want to
keep up with Hank Hank the tripod Jake
made an Instagram so you guys keep up
with him is just at Hank the tripod I'll
put his Instagram in the description so
you guys can see that but thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye I do have something else that's
new that I think that you guys will
enjoy because I know I am super excited
about it I have never owned a
lever-action rifle and this is my very
first Henry all-weather 4570 government
this thing is a beast
