hey guys it's a new day today and today
we're gonna have a good day why because
we always do all right just like you
know say it pretty quick today
sometimes just stretch it out see what
I'm doing right now I'm stretching out
my intention was to make it quick is
Jake you hungry
mister dr. Phil yeah it's being a
wieners my mouth his mouth not my wiener
in his mouth
we're gonna go to a place called worst
curse dine you pronounced it worse Koosh
Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh hey wiener place
well it's a sausage place and they have
cool sausages there like rattlesnake and
rabbit sausage
amongst other things so it's not that
far I think it's like in Venice it's a
really good it's dish of really good
food so we're gonna go over there get
some interesting sausages and start off
our day right with some wieners
really OPM
American
spicy Brown
Dijon mustard
three
my favorite
everyone
duck and bacon that one some of you guys
have already seen it on my snapchat but
I am beyond excited about a new thing
that I just got I am just oh my god I am
so excited about this
I got a boosted board this is the 2000
watt I'm gonna call it an RC board but
it's just an electric skateboard that
you can control with the wireless remote
holy to hell I already went riding on
this thing it has been connect to my
iPhone like with an odometer any like it
tells me how many miles have gone put
7.2 miles on it just right away just to
like try it out get a feel for it
because I do have that remote in my hand
I didn't want to have the remote in this
hand and my vlog camera and this ham
just because I'd be in a lot of trouble
if I had to put my hands down for
something or break this camera or
whatever so I wanted to give it a try
but I am already obsessed with this you
guys have seen it in Jesse's video I
think Casey nice that has a few of these
but this is like what Jesse used in his
like al-anam video when this was
underneath the carpet it is so much fun
I can't even oh my god and it's like
pretty low profile like look at the the
bottom is it has these battery packs
obviously because it needs it to run but
it's not like super heavy it's pretty
normal there it has the two belt-driven
wheels but I don't know I just I just
fell in love with it one of the things I
love about this board is this thing is
so small that it's almost a prank in
itself that just looks like a normal
skateboard sometimes I stand away from
it on purpose and as people are gonna
walk by I kind of like use the hand I'm
holding my vlog cam with to call the
board over when I call it over I can
easily bring it back to my foot so it's
almost like you know go away here come
back to me
how cool is that this board goes fast it
goes 22 miles an hour so if I take this
but the cool thing is here comes a stop
sign I have Ford and reverse on it the
reverse also uses a break while you're
going we know by the beach
we're now in Venice Beach
look at who I bumped into it's Ricky
with fat rickey dillion bike oh yeah
you're filming though and I'm
interrupting right you're about to go
okay I'm getting out of here
get xenia one of the best parts about
this this is a this is actually a really
steep hill that guy is definitely
struggling but you have to go up this
big hill from down there let's go there
it's the only way back up and it sucks
on a skateboard and it sucks on a bike
good thing I have this let's go
ready and I go up to
get some speed like it's nothing right
let's cross this once that guard goes
and we are back up at the top it says
the board is running on low battery now
full speed isn't that fast anymore
luckily we're just around the corner
from my place so it made it really far
we I've been riding around all afternoon
okay now let's charge this flat there we
go I checked my odometer to see the
distance that I went because I actually
had it at full charge before I left and
at the full charge that last afternoon
and I went a total of eight point four
miles
now you could possibly get more out of
that I was just going pretty fast once I
got to the paths and also coming up that
big hill probably killed a lot of the
battery but it's rated at 7 miles and I
got eight point four miles because as
you are coasting while you're holding
the trigger on it it's kind of charging
up the battery as well so I got more
than seven miles got a point four miles
so that's pretty good I'm pretty sure I
hear someone yelling just screaming
outside of my apartment building I'm
gonna go see if I couldn't show you guys
outside window Barbie's going that's too
classified not bad
I am so happy I did share this well with
you guys it's so funny there is some
crazy people out here you know and all
of this is amusement order what are you
so angry at Oh what do you think dude
you just keep barking you just keep
barking that was really funny okay guys
what's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching I am just
more than excited to keep riding that
boosted board and it's just so much fun
I know I'm gonna get a lot of heat from
you guys for wearing a helmet but I
never wore when I was a kid and you know
it only took one accident where one of
my best friends who was skateboarding
with Jake and I we used to skateboard
all the time
he went out skateboarding and he's no
longer with us because of a head injury
so you know it kind of just took a big
wake-up call so you guys can make fun of
me all you want for wearing a helmet but
one of my best friends growing up died
from not wearing a helmet skateboarding
so was enough to teach me a lesson just
wanted to say that for those of you that
I know are gonna give me crap but hey I
had a good day wow what a transition one
of my best friends died and I had a good
day but yeah I just want to give you
guys a real something something real to
think about but anyway I will see you
guys again soon goodbye the cannon a TD
a BB it's so fitting for me just that
thing let's go ahead and open this bad
boy live it around
okay what we have here
