hey guys it's a new day today
and my friend Andrea is coming over
right now I don't know when she's gonna
be here but she will be here soon and I
think my parents are here but they're
out to eat or something we'll just have
herself a good a good day
today is gonna be good why why you ask
is that what you asked why because it
always is I'm always looking for new
ways to make my videos higher quality
better quality just better overall and I
don't necessarily mean content wise I
mean you know clarity it just needs to
sound better if you guys have watched
some of the drink videos I actually do
with this vlog camera sometimes because
it just gets to be a pain to film with
my DSLR because I can record audio on it
but I have some problems within that
region I'll explain more in a minute but
that's what led me to buy canons new
camera the Canon a TD I have a DD they
have the 70d and now they have the a DD
so before I open it I figured we would
do a traditional unboxing what did
Harvey just knock over your knock this
over dude did you knock over the
shredder just scared the hell out of you
probably this thing is oh this thing is
heavy
watch where you're going big dude the
Canon a TD a BD I just love it's so
fitting for me just that day let's go
ahead and open this bad boy live it
around okay what we have here is to try
surprise some papers some papers are
going over there because I don't need it
instructions
emanuelle and everything are for losers
when I don't know how to do something I
don't read a manual this 2016 I go on
YouTube and I look it up God don't you
guys do that's how I learn everything
you probably need to go school anyway
you just go on YouTube in it there's
this nice bubble wrap over here let us
remove this okay ah I wish it was like
more fitting just like a like a tear
thing but it's not there wasn't even
tape on his boss it's not like I pre
take off the tape I like to cut through
tape it literally came with no tape no
nothing whatever just this this clean
bag
there it is there is the cannon a DD now
this camera I'm really excited about it
for a couple things but as you guys know
because you guys know I have the 70d if
you look still has that flip out screen
fold so if you want to film it this way
you can that is still funky it's a
touchscreen but one thing and I'm going
to tell you why what was the selling
point for me it is not a cheap camera
there's no insanely important reason to
switch over to an a DD but what I have
here is my 70d right here and this one I
love it love it look but the only
problem I have with this is I want to
film like my drink videos and different
things like that and I can hook on my
mic right here but and as you guys know
with plenty of DSLRs the 5 bees aren't
exception but I'm not paying for that to
do these videos there is no headphone
port there is no headphone port on my
blog camera on any of the point shoots
you won't find a headphone port or
anything like that and I am it's great I
mean I could record this I could see
audio levels and I've done a workaround
right go through a mixer and drawly back
the audio after it's gone through all
those levels pretty crappy oh that's
where this comes in right here I'll show
you on the side what do we have there we
have a headphone a head board so it has
a mic and a headphone cord right there
under that flap which is a huge selling
point for me because audio is such a big
problem when you guys complain about it
I complain about what I'm watching
something you guys don't even have to
tell me when there's bad audio trust me
I know I'm watching the same thing as
you guys and it drives me nuts
so with that perfect as well as they
have upgraded the continuous autofocus
you know I don't know if you know this
but I also have a 7d that is that does
not have continuous autofocus for video
which is one of the reasons I got this
so I can literally just set it up on a
tripod and film things without having
someone continuously focus
this has quicker autofocus it's like
lightning fast literally if it doesn't
if it doesn't focus on what you want it
to focus on you could always use a
touchscreen you touch it and it focuses
extra fast but I thought just even the
headphone board alone was super worth it
for me I'm excited about this and I
can't wait to start shooting some videos
on don't jump on me and I'm you're
telling me to jump don't jump out at you
don't do it don't do it look what you
did to me last time don't do it you got
from him yeah Harvey don't do it it's
not really his fault he's beating his
ladies come here dude I have a clotting
disorder so I proves a lot easier than
most people plus I'm skinny so it's like
easier but but you still did it
we're having beers Cheers didn't mean
for that to run yeah yeah you guys know
that I go on you now because I love to
talk to you guys and recently we've been
doing the whole thing with my dad where
he's been trying to find me a date which
has has been fun and interesting but
Andrea since Andrea is here she's never
streamed live on you-now we made her a
you know account hi Andrea hi we're
we're streaming live now do you guys
want it you guys want to say hi I'm here
oh whoa oh it's like everyday vlog oh
people hey anyone it was spam hi hi oh
it does he's like first yeah looks like
John I saw someone wrote I hate you
that's fine too
everyone felt about everyone loves you
Harvey's chillin well he just got up
like Dolby I'm good Jakes chillin yeah
make you lady some food we actually he
actually did just buy yeah I did I did I
got a dinner yeah Harvey what are you
holding no no no oh my god it is leaking
seeds what is in that don't shake it
look at this holy bananas it's literally
everywhere Wow everywhere dude oh my god
they're literally covering the whole
floor what are you doing with it are you
enjoying it I hope you are oh my god
it's like is it Harvey well this is
empty okay guys what's all I got for you
for today Andrew just left cuz she's
tired I'm really tired I need to go to
sleep it's just it's just that time like
normally Harvey's at least still sitting
next to me he's not he's done he's done
for the night you're done dude it's
freakin done anyways that's it that's
all I got I hope you guys enjoyed we're
gonna have fun throughout the week cuz
we always do that's it
yeah so on that note I'll see you guys
again soon
good luck and check out this video oh my
god this is amazing I don't have a
girlfriend
not one day no not one day no you guys
meet him and marry him and then I'll
have another thing to celebrate excuse
what I wanted
