hey guys it's a new day today and this
one's gonna be pretty quick into the
point because I think that it's
something that you guys will love to see
and it's something that you can be a
part of too in the future so as you guys
may have seen in previous vlogs I said
that I was going to go live last Friday
with my dad because I wanted to just
talk and actually schedule time to be
able to like do like a live Q&A and hang
out with you guys and what it turned
into
not super surprising was my dad used it
as an opportunity to try to find me a
date surprise surprise
I mean my older sister Jackie is about
to have her second kid she's married my
younger sister Riley just recently got
engaged and I'm just hanging out I've
been single for a long time not only did
did my dad kind of turn it into like a
dating contest but it's tough he like
was so into it he was literally saying
like submit yourself he's like I'll even
fly you out here to go on a date with my
son I think it's a good thing I think
it's something that I should be excited
about and embrace and for that reason my
dad and I are going to be doing it again
because it was a lot of fun and so more
of you could join we're gonna do it on
Thursday at 4 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
so you can go ahead and look at the
conversion on Google for time zones but
it's 4 p.m. Pacific Standard Time not
only did you guys seem to enjoy it
but you now themselves reached out and
loved it and was like wow that was great
we you know we put together a little
video of that session because we loved
it so much I think everyone just
everyone just wants to see me be happy
and see me find someone and my dad he's
just he's trying hard so you now made
this video that I'm about to show you
and send it to us and I was like oh can
I please post this this is so cool so
here's the video that you now made
of the what was supposed to be just a
normal QA from my dad and I turned into
this whole find my son a date-like
contest thing so make sure you guys come
join us on Thursday 4 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time and check out this video
oh my god this is amazing I don't have a
girlfriend
not one day no not one day so you guys
meet him and marrying him and then I'll
have another thing to celebrate here's
what I want to do I want somebody to
date my son a pageant
it'll be an Alex Mandel pageant I think
it's gonna be huge
how do we know don't worry does is there
somebody oh they went away oh hi hi who
you is this harmonica you have a guitar
good you sing I wanna serenade your side
how old are you Ashley I'm 24 years old
are you really
19 I'm 18 that's legal we can go with
somebody like between 18 and 53 hi you
want to marry my son old you'll eat 27
now that that's good jiggle yes are you
interested in my son sure
get to know him absolutely let me get to
know we've been on here for almost 30
minutes are you single yeah I'm gonna
leave you two alone what do you think of
them in one syllable not a word justice
Lovell
okay um sweet excute you made him blush
well you guys talk pretend I'm not even
here
no just talk to him like I'm not even
here it's about you - it's not about me
talk to him what are you into Alex
everything if my dad did this on this
I'd be like oh my god Wow
we just got tip 50 bars for what and
what do you think of my son let me ask
the questions what are you well your
friends and call your neighbors I want
all the help I can get here
