hey guys it's a new day today
and I look good morning dude good
morning dude I gotta run some errands
today because later on tonight is
Brandon and Hannah's birthday party
Hannah's birthday is today Brandon's
birthday is tomorrow I know crazy crazy
and I already know what I want to get
them as gifts I didn't have to get them
before because Hanna's I'm getting on
prime now so it'll be delivered within
an hour whatever and Brandon's I'm gonna
go pick up right now so not pick it up
you'll you'll see what you'll see what
what I'm doing Abbi we're playing Jackie
just got here Abby I want they wanted
I'm gonna show you dance okay Abbi I was
jumping okay I jump up and down up and
down jump up and down please sit down no
but she never sits down look who's back
hello Eddie he was serving this morning
how was that yeah it's still fun well I
was I was run read says I've got a
summer the gifts came for Brandon Hannah
for Hannah I decided to get a yo Nana's
what this is pretty much is I think
thank you freeze this is not branded
this is not an ad or anything like that
I just I've had this before and I likes
healthier stuff it's a you freeze like
bananas and you put it through the
machine you can put it with like
strawberries with it or different things
and it kind of
sounds like a soft-serve sorbet or
whatever and then for Brandon of course
like the last gift I got him the M&P
shield the Smith & Wesson I'm getting
him something else this time I'm getting
him a nerf gun yeah cuz you know just
kind of step it up who doesn't who
doesn't want a nerf gun
we got the wrapping paper and we got all
set here's the gifts Jake's got his
gifts ready and I got one for Hanna and
one for Brandon you ready to go do this
yeah we don't have cards but I think
yeah you can open it well gee she'll
open up yours person open his first real
what every present that you get is real
is it binocular it's really really gift
for both you and Brandon he's spraying
in the toilet first
yeah yeah she just sprays the inside of
the toilet here's Anna
I told Brandon he could use this to know
why is not everything is for pooping
just open all the way open all the way
pull it open it's cool I thought you
might like it you like healthier stuff
like strawberry sorbet he asked if I got
a bread and cannot wait for midnight so
he's gonna head open his now so you're
starting with Jake's I see Brandon yeah
it didn't yeah that's too Brandon just
tear it open yeah yeah this is this is
this fantastic girly rapping
okay this no no no this mysterious that
a dope thing what a Thundershirt is is
anytime it gets like like separations I
when you leave or wants to run her out
it make comfort so it's like getting hug
the whole time about these online we
thought it'd be that's not like oh maybe
perfect you can see how would you like
to try it out tomorrow so I'm going to
be gone a lot Brandon I figured I'd get
you another gun take it on the table or
something that way it converts like four
different ways there's a small piss on
everything look at the diagram that I'll
show you how to do it in the
instructions you have to see how to hook
it up though read that first yeah it
shows the diagram on how to do it
open up the white one need to keep going
with it you know what kind no get him a
real ar-15 sport - the new one came out
with the dust cover and the for release
- now we just gotta go there any more
excited about any time has never ever
tried any kind of milkshake in his life
and we're at in-n-out picking up food
for his party at his place but I was
like maybe if you take like a little cup
he takes a little scraps maybe they'll
give him something you can try it first
time really good even though I really
want him to do he's never tried one
goats like mayonnaise it's not go ahead
I'll tell you you love it
to see the motion you want to drop yeah
let's go
that's a manner which was talk to ya
tell me what's my first Jacob ever
absence first milkshake is ever ever
have a milkshake
ever life ever but watch like we have
coffee here
I also gave pressure property whatever
it's right finally here at half ago you
don't know because you've been missing
out right like I lost my child
I don't think this nerf gun is legal
because I mean the magazine these
magazines illegal holds more than 10
rounds tell you this and we're in
California yeah crazy
it's funny
one
oh my god your party I can't even oh
yeah by the way agent Farris when you
fired any second Elia we doesn't make it
sound any different
I'm not sure if there's all this shit
good Brandon and when I came here I was
like holy shit I hope that Brandon has
the best party we had in and out yeah
here yeah we might be wrong we
meetings funny a fun thing so here it
goes
hold on now let's go take advantage yeah
I hit puberty it actually what exactly
like this tomorrow we're gonna go to the
park and then I'm gonna go masturbate
puberty in ten seconds I was sad for I
was in seventh grade sound like this I
am back home now and had a great time
with Hannah Brandon for the birthday and
yeah that's all I got I hope you guys
enjoyed watching I know that me and this
guy we gotta go to bed now
say good night Harvey to say good night
anyways I went to bed hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye was it that hard that was the
first thing you ever did it right try to
tell me but no energy taught me like
that they were just like just put it in
there and pop it up and super simple
yeah
Peter's here I I could
