hey guys it's a new day today
and there's two really big things first
big thing I could just kind of say thank
you I cannot believe it
you guys every day you guys surprise me
amaze me make me love you even more we
had 300,000 subscribers 300,000
different people that is a lot a lot of
people sometimes numbers can get skewed
on YouTube we're in a digital presence
where people are like okay you know yeah
I huh oh you know 10,000 only a 5,000 if
you have a hundred people some people
who play guitar and get a hundred views
they're like yeah I don't get much when
you go play in a cafe somewhere or a
little coffee shop 20 people filling a
coffee shop feels like a great show you
have a hundred people so 300,000 is
absolutely nuts oh I just gotta say
thank you off the bat the second thing
the second thing speaking of number two
guess whose birthday it is you are to
today March 31st I know you guys are
watching this tomorrow but so for you
guys it'll be a late one but it's his
birthday today you 2 years old years two
years old he's happy
let's have ourself a good day like we
always do Luke who's back from work yeah
it's me this jitna back he's back from
work where we're spending time with the
birthday boy right now oh oh
pillow fight he's starting to pillow
fight what are you gonna do now Harvey
what are you gonna do now he's gonna
fart on you he forgot me the other day
before yeah when he farts it sounds like
a human oh yeah it smells like like he
stores dead rodents in his sphincter
it's pretty right you got a stinky but I
went on on social blade which is where
like you could track viewership and
subscriber counts
like that and although you I can get a
big boost in subscribers from shoutouts
and from collabs and stuff like that a
number that's a big deal on there is
your average daily subscriber game
because that shows just consistency in
how many you're gaining rather than just
the quick shout-out so I checked it and
I was shocked look at this number that
you guys are killing the average
subscribers is 699 per day right now
what 699 new people subscribe today
that's average I saw some of it was over
800 some of it
400 something so that's just absolutely
nuts oh thank you for that everything's
just going great and I'm so happy thank
you Jake and I thought that we would get
some beer and start off the night some
people are coming over we would you know
go get some beers festered enjoy we went
and got some dough psyches and we were
looking for a bottle opener I realized
the only bottle openers I have are the
ones that I destroyed doing the opening
a bottle with a gun video for my drinks
channel and this actually because
they're both pretty much even it
couldn't work so I was like you know
I'll just grab a lighter and you do it
lighter because I know how to do that
but I realized I thought about it I was
like a lot of people that come over to
my place I like yeah I don't know how to
do that or I've tried to do that just
doesn't work out for me and I go but
it's really easy and so I thought it
might be fun to show you guys how you
can open a beer bottle with a lighter I
know some of you that know how or like I
know how well that's not for you but for
those of you that don't and you're
interested in seeing how to do it go
ahead - my drinks channel I made a quick
video just to teach you guys how to open
up your bottle with it with a lighter I
think it'd be cool to just do cool
tricks cuz you don't need to do with a
beer if you get like a Mexican Coke or a
coke ol classic or a sprite er like the
ones in the glass bottles where you can
use an opener you can do with like a
lighter you can borrow one so I think
it's a cool handy trick and it's fitting
for the drinks channel see was it that
hard
that was the first thing you ever get it
right try to tell me but no I actually
taught me like that they were just like
just put it in there and pop it up and
super simple yeah
Peter's here I I couldn't I didn't get
you you uh go be another yeah he'll do
another one so you go you got it let's
have some Don Julio 1942 Cheers
kid good stuff
beer it's reserved
yeah everyone's get Pizza Pizza Pizza
Pizza
I didn't for you like shit on their door
it doesn't make me it did a little bit
of a bitch I mean you guys are dressing
we can't dress into that dressing what
else yeah I'm okay with a little bit of
high fat just I can't do the carbs and
stuff like that I said the high fat is
great after a little bit of mouth I did
a drink - okay please everyone opt out
so I shouldn't have bread should have
pizza you should out pizza why I'm
choking on salad why is that am i aiming
it right anyway whatever there was a
girl
that girl right in front of us really
and her boyfriend put his arm around her
to like for her like it's so funny
it is now super late what time is it
409 and we are watching there is no home
alone yeah if that way the dog left us I
need to go to sleep yeah but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching for those these
are watching early enough make sure
tonight you come hang out live on
you-now Unicom slash Alex made out with
my dad at night and you should also
click on the link in the description for
that drink video then I did it just a
quick one
and let me know what you're thinking
about that I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon goodbye Simon I'm gonna be on you
now as my son six o'clock Pacific five
Friday
you gonna watch it you know so it's a
digital platform yeah Simon Callow be
watching everybody would be watch
