hey guys it's a new day today and I
actually just parked I'm gonna go into
America's Got Talent today is back but
I'm bringing a guest with me
hey guest hey good hey hey hey hey he's
as excited as we're looking all around
my dad wants to do something funny with
him for the show so this will probably
be for TV it's gonna be the second
season you're on America's Got Talent
Harvey
he's a reoccurring America's Got Talent
star so we're gonna go ahead in I don't
know what we're doing but but you're
going in dude
today at the show I have a friend here
that came to hang out I think you guys
know but I don't think they don't I
won't recognize you crazy crazy
Finnish crazy Australian yeah so yeah so
we're here and we're you know making
sure that we are looking around and
every
safety is number one priority and we
keep that in mind here and do you enjoy
the show so far no I love that show of
being perfect if I spot people scream
and you get them as I say like when you
guys watch like those viral videos of
any of the Got Talent's whether it's
like Britain's Got Talent America's Got
top you see it you can't really feel
what it feels like to be in the theatre
so if you guys ever have a chance you
can get tickets to come to these tapings
I think they're free so definitely check
it out we decided to grab dinner at a
Brazilian barbecue place so they just
can meet keep bringing meat meat dog
stop Billy
so here's
here that means no more meat here mommy
the connect we need deeper meet every
time it's awesome and you when you are
done our first time here so much
difference it's it was still trying to
get through yeah and these what is this
dripping heart all over the chicken
hearts are with
this place is really good at sprouts
from where the filming is so I like
coming here sometimes when in between
shows you working hard they just said
you need me why my dad and I we were
talking this wasn't only my idea we
thought it'd be fun every time then I go
live or he goes live or anything like on
like you now you guys don't ever get to
you don't know that that we're gonna go
out before sentence yeah
you don't know that we're gonna go on
beforehand so I wanted to take the time
to let you guys know that we're gonna be
live right what a good thanks for
notifying me ahead of time because I
never know when are we doing this we are
gonna be live Friday at 6 p.m. Pacific 6
p.m. Pacific Standard Time so if you
guys you can google and figure out
whatever it is your time zone 6 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time on you now I'm
gonna put the link to my you now so you
can follow me in the description but
it's you know.com slash now it's mana o
my way we go let's tell people tell
people yeah we're actually we're doing
this at his house but we're gonna go
live I wanted you guys to know so you
can all join us chat wait and hang out
maybe even guest some of you are there
as well Simon I'm gonna be on you now
with my son 6 o'clock Pacific 5 Friday
you gonna watch it you know so it's a
digital platform yeah Simon Cowell be
watching everybody would be watching
we're back
what do you chew and I'll do it get
something any morale Harvey doesn't like
change what
IRA get off that table so we're still
continuing to change new things in this
apartment one of them is being you guys
have seen these ball lights well they're
a little too like I don't know they're
really cool
but they're not like it's homey so we're
trying out a new one right now so
there's what the ball one looks like I
think this one looks really cool it's
like a giant lampshade it's not like in
normal if it's actually solid on the
bottom here so you can see like inside
but a ball or a cool lamp or like
old-school lampshade I think it looks
nice another thing that was changed
today was Narnia for those of you that
haven't been watching for a long time
Narnia is the room that we've been
calling in Narnia for years now it's the
room that Roman sleeps at when he's here
if you guys have seen that and the room
that we filmed that drink video than I
did with Andrea it's the hidden room in
my in my kitchen so you went to my
kitchen and you opened a cabinet you
guys knew that there was like always a
bed kind of crowded here but now I has
to have a light in there from where
we're filming so check this out so it
looks like a cool like new piece and
everything at that but the cool thing is
if you were to move this chair move that
I actually don't want to move everything
but regardless this is not a cabinet
these are shelves obviously but when you
pull on this I don't want to knock
everything over that's actually a Murphy
bed
so that whole thing comes down and this
be
like either a work room or a guest room
so if we get a full-size bed comes down
and pretty much takes up this room and
then you can go ahead and put it back up
and comes just more spacious and not
such a waste of space to have like a
smaller room but haven't taken up by
that bed that was here so this is pretty
cool I'm ready for bed now aren't you
aren't you well what are you doing
licking that that can't taste good
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed watching
today and be sure to go down that
description and follow me on you-now so
that you know exactly when we'll be live
on Friday or tomorrow hey stop or do you
don't have to follow me and you could
just make sure to come on at 6 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time you now.com slash
Alex Bell where you can hang out with my
dad night it's very fun so Harvey can
you be any louder he's biting in a
bottle and then notes I'll see you guys
again soon
goodbye well I think
you know you want you put this is our
