hey guys it's a new day today oh it's
gonna be dark in here what the hello
father
it's a new day it is a new day yeah okay
okay I hear stepping Kyle here hello hey
good morning morning hey guys like where
did you go I got you one oh this is full
but oh oh you're gonna eat eat it I'm
gonna keep this on you too you too you
swallow that the whole Lauren JH yeah
time lapse begin good orange an egg I
have an egg now but I got you something
excellent great start my morning
assignment no no here's the thing
you're gay but here in California you're
free - okay assignment I apologize about
the one before it was a little bit
cheesy yeah yeah yeah all right I'm
gonna do one okay now is it for the vlog
yeah
did you ever did you ever okay with the
Blowfish and the eel are cuddling yeah
is that cuddling I don't know I think
it's territorial Kyle oh I almost fell
do you have a charger can use a charger
I thought blood I plug it in you always
have problems finding the hole ah thank
you
you're a lifesaver that's 201 yeah Kimmy
stop horsing around
what sister is here now and you said you
have something for me we got him a
birthday present
it's not from me it's actually from Abby
and axles so she came to deliver it oh
is it over here I'm cool with him
oh no you didn't oh they probably only
some people probably know what this is
that's why I was asking him I was like
doing detective work and I was trying to
figure out like what he was putting on
his bike and how he was like configuring
she was like so what are you doing to
the bike I was like I pretty much did
everything that I wanted to do she was
like oh that's it nothing else like
maybe like an exhaust or something and
she was like like what could what kind
of exhaust would you even put on that
little bike I was like like this one and
showed her she was like and really and
that fits on this one yeah okay and that
was like maybe last week but like I'm
not the one who decided to get it it was
it was purely Abby
good job Abby good present thank you so
much Abby you're welcome she wanted to
sing happy birthday but I don't think
she's up for it right now yeah you are
thank you so much you're welcome oh you
know I'm gonna put this on to the bike
though when I get home tonight yeah and
I do all of my work in the kitchen which
is now my bike shop I'm so excited for
this I was like oh I don't know what I
want to spend the money for or anything
this is a lot
how much longer we stand at the office
boys and monkey I was thinking we would
leave soon because I'm getting exhausted
that's actually probably the best one is
that the best one I do want to put the
exhaust in the Grom though yeah bye guys
what okay I didn't make it home I ended
up there was a little pit stop
along the way with this guy I did make
it home for you mr. Jake oh yeah
Korean barbecue you know what do you
have every intention of going home and
doing something even something you're
really excited to do but you just like
hit a wall you get tired I'm like beyond
excited to put the new exhaust on the
ground but I think I might have to take
a little not little a full night's sleep
do it in the morning but I will continue
here so give me one second guys because
it's about to be morning for you ah
that's better so now we're into a new
day and I'm feeling good I got my energy
everything's just great and now I
finally with energy get to put the
exhaust on my ground
but one more thing I promise before we
do that is I want to show you my brand
new helmet I had just like a plain matte
black helmet it was okay
just like a cheaper entry-level helmet
but I wanted something pretty cool found
this one fell in love with it check this
out this is my old one here which I
still like and I could you know
potentially use for anyone who wants to
sit on the back of the bike and then I
have this one check this out it's kind
of a dual sport dual sport shape but
it's got that camo on it and the
distressed black I just think that this
is so sexy and it kind of maybe looks a
little halo like a little Master Chief
but I think it looks cool this is what
this stock exhaust looks like let's turn
it on here
so listen it's really quiet I mean that
runs really quiet here now here's how it
looks after now these pipes
they're very silver they do look cool
but when they get hot they're gonna
start to change color they'll change to
like a goldish like bronze that'll be
pretty cool so I think that'll be pretty
sick I'm not necessarily trying to make
this really loud at all I actually like
how quiet it is but this new exhaust it
also comes with a DB killer so that like
makes it a little bit quieter than it
can be and so I just installed that
because I'm not trying to make this
really loud just one I want to be kind
of noticed on the road especially in
with it's such a tiny tiny bite but with
this exhaust it also adds some power to
the bike I want you guys to hear this
listen you heard it before
ready
that low rumble yeah now that the new
exhaust is all there was there's really
only one thing that was left to do and I
and I just did it I just took the D of
the m1 skills test which is the
motorcycle license test and like I said
I passed it all and I officially have
gone from motorcycle permit holder to m1
or motorcycle license holder now
Andrea's over there - yeah so now I can
take passengers I could write it my
heading around the freeway that's what I
you know that's what I'm allowed to do
now with little license I am super
excited we should go we should go I'm
gonna force Andria to ride on the back
of the bike you don't really have a
choice at this point because now now
yeah before how the excuse like you
can't
yes but it's illegal dad where'd he go I
don't need a cake it's not my birthday
until midnight night nuts not yet it's
not yet
it's not it's not it's not yet though
it's not there's no one else there's no
where is he going
wait now started wait where's wait
where's mom and dad we judge birthday
shot
it's not much still not my birthday yeah
Sunday night okay
there's my whiskey sour
it is currently 1157 huh here we go
whoo we have three minutes until
midnight and that's my birthday
we should get a drink in here
it's officially my birthday now but I
had my drinks I want to go too overboard
because tomorrow is actually my birthday
tonight oh we feel right it's right now
your birthday one drink
yeah one drink we had definitely way
more than one spitting we're gonna walk
back home right now and save ourselves
for tomorrow's tomorrow's festivities so
that's all I got for you for tonight and
I will see you guys again soon goodbye
it's my birthday
