hey guys it's a new day today and I do
know what I'm going to do today it's
gonna be a good day why because it
always is today is the day or the
natural born pranksters premiere I'm not
in the movie there's a lot of people are
like are you excited that you get to
watch yourself to enghad nah I wasn't
written I am more than proud and excited
for Dennis Vitali Roman they killed it
unreal I've never seen it i've never
been to any screening never seen even a
snippet of it so I'm really excited to
support them to see it to just go and
experience I know it's their first red
carpet premiere so this will be really
cool for everyone and I'm so happy that
I get to share that with them so I just
got to take a shower now because I came
back to the gym a pest when he got to
get ready gotta go gotta head out gotta
go gotta go gotta go in a little bit
with LA traffic and says it will take
over an hour to get there so I'm like
trying to see if someone else wants to
ride with me Pete furious Pete is
actually filming something in East LA so
that doesn't make sense for him to
carpool max is going to come so he's on
his way over right now I'm trying to
figure everything out like last min I'm
time like you gotta hurry up cuz I want
to go now I want to get there like on
time so he's on his way here and
although it looks like I'm just wearing
a t-shirt it's cuz i am but in order to
turn in Alex Mandel fancy you just take
off the converse and put on like nicer
shoes and then you add a blazer a blazer
a black blazer over black shirt is
formal enough for a prank movie at least
my opinion
I thought I was going wrong here hello
I'm excited are we gonna get that night
a catechist get on the blog yeah i don't
i don't really want to give i'm not a
pic strict checking in now hello what's
up what's up it's like I just saw you
know my love I know your last name I
know it's been like a year reunion one
big one I gotta say I do have a guest
with me tonight it is pretty yeah you
look great thanks I got a bomb damn it
belongs over here so it doesn't look
like you've had a long day you look
great but I was we're just walking
around now there's a lot going on a lot
of people check it out yeah
so
pretty cool idea
fun
hey I just want all you guys to know I'm
okay great
sure well I think I'm
are you telling
oh you want you this is Alan
here
how's it going excited thank you
thank you
punch in the face
well you guys knew that hello oh but
they were welling haven't seen you in a
while that were but now he's doing a GT
hey hey what am I Jack my dad's such an
ass not even coming to the beer the
movie finished and I loved it first I
ever saw it and it is great now i just
walked brittany back to her car because
she's actually gonna she was pretty far
so she's going to get home because she's
working in the morning i'm gonna go back
and probably stay for the after-party so
we're gonna head back in i don't know
where it is i'm just gonna have to
figure it out
Cheers
no no no I'm choosing you I'm chillin
you
what you
hey I like me
I
I am home now I've definitely been
drinking so I got home safe I did not
drive definitely did not do not drink
and drive but I'm too tired you tired
too but i know that i just saw you yawn
I just saw you on to Jake take good care
of you I know we did Jake watched walls
gone I ain't good bad and yeah so on
that note I hope you guys enjoyed
watching I will see you guys been sued
blue-eyed so that you guys can see it
I'm gonna touch the prongs ready wow
that is a powerful powerful bang it's
not as loud for you guys but that thing
is loud let's try this one more time
ready
