hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
not sure what we have in store for today
because I don't really have anyone I can
hang out at the moment but regardless I
know it's gonna be a good day
why because it always is rather than
rent you all day about my thoughts
feelings emotions and all that goodness
because that boring I thought we could
try something fun and there's something
that I did I remember when I was in high
school I learned how to do what I'm
about to show you which by the title you
already know that I'm gonna show you how
to make a stun gun out of a disposable
camera this isn't something I found on
YouTube this isn't something I seen and
if someone else has done it great I'm
sure they have but this is something
that the way I know how to do it and the
way I did it in high school damn it's
windy there's like so much up on the
roof I can hear everything shaking I'm
gonna go down the store and see if I can
get myself like an old disposable camera
see if they'll give me one and we'll go
ahead and I said I want to waste it at
brand-new one let me go grab one and
show you guys how to make one I'm back
now and when they were nice enough at
the store to give me just an old used
disposable camera because when you go to
the store any store that develops these
kinds of cameras so not too many anymore
but when you go to them after they
develop these get like throw into a
special bin where they could send it
back to be recycled but usually at that
point they're useless to them so if you
say you want to use it for a project or
for something they'll give you one of
these I don't know if you guys ever knew
this but when you charge up the the
flash you could obviously push the
button to hit the flash but if you just
hit it on your hand hard enough these
things go off anyway see I gotta say
before I show you guys how to do this
please you probably just shouldn't try
this at home to do this I'm going to be
using a
soldering iron which is currently
heating up some solder to wires that I
found that are rated up to 300 volts now
this is probably about 300 to 350 volts
but that should be fine a disposable
camera which hopefully you can get for
free if they'll give you one wire
cutters last wire stripper scissors and
a really thin or small screwdriver we
want the camera to look as good as new
after we're done so there is a latch
exposed here and a latch exposed here
but there are also some hidden ones to
split it like underneath here and this
is pretty much taped shut so if you do
it really slow you can probably peel
this up without tearing it or ruining it
now let's open up this part real quick
but I want to read too much there we go
so now let's see if we could open up
this camera so you may have to force it
a little bit and you'll notice there's
the film which we don't need unless you
really want to take pictures let's get
rid of that now that we have this open
we're going to try to separate this in
there from the front fake front part of
this camera
be careful mouth is once you expose the
circuitry you're also going to expose
the capacitor which can give you a
pretty nice shock it has these little
notches here so if you push down you
could unhook them
there we go from this part forward make
sure you only touch the plastic areas
because again you can get a shock but
that's what these scissors are used for
is I am touching the plastic part of
this and using the end of this to remove
battery now it's just because the
battery is gone does not mean it is not
powered that capacitor is still charged
right here you will see these two silver
wires and that actually goes directly to
the capacitor so to discharge them I
need to touch it with something metal
but make sure it I'm holding the plastic
or something rubber that's not going to
pass along the shock to me so let's go
ahead and discharge them there we go and
it won't charge again because the
battery is not in it at this point what
we want to do is we want to expose the
ends of this wire just a little bit so
we're gonna grab that we strip that
we're just gonna strip one side for now
go ahead and do the same to the other
wire now we're gonna go ahead and take
some of these solder so let's just cut
that over there
and one at a time I'm gonna solder this
side to that silver wire and the other
wire I'm going to solder to that one we
can now begin to reassemble the camera
now that both wires are on notice
they're not touching and they should not
touch at all and we can go ahead and put
the show back on but if we try to close
it up now it will be hard because the
wires sticking on so we want them to
come through the shell now there's a
little hole right there where this red
indicator light used to be or it's still
there I'm gonna get rid of it so that we
can put the wire through that one hole
and then I'm gonna go ahead and take the
soldering iron heat up a little area
then use this small screwdriver to then
finish the hole and I can pass the other
one through there we're gonna take the
soldering iron start a little hole right
there or just get this off then use this
screwdriver to then the don't finish it
off and that should be a big enough hole
right there so let's give that a try we
will wire this one through the hole that
already exists and that's wire this one
through the hole
just that should fit through there
perfectly that ago it's actually a
better fit than the hole that's already
there
so now string these through now before
we close it all the way up we want to
cut these wires down to size because we
don't want to be touching these wires
after we place the battery back in so we
don't need them that big
we just need let's take off right there
and same thing for the other one right
there we're gonna use the stripper ya
buddy to take off the coating now I'm
leaving these a little long so that it's
easy for you guys to see on the video
you could obviously cut them a lot
shorter but now that those are there we
do not want to go near them and we can
place the battery back in to the bottom
back in here
perfect
so let's go ahead and you can put the
film back in if you want to I'm not
going to now let's go ahead should seal
up like it did before hon there we go
all clicks into place hold this back
down there we go you now have this
perfectly innocent camera and if you go
ahead and hit this flash button here so
you can charge up the flesh it should
charge up I can hear it it makes that
sound whatever and I'll go ahead and try
it with these scissors I'm still a
little nervous so I'm actually gonna
hold it with this too because I'm a
little bit of a pansy but ready so that
you guys can see it I'm gonna touch the
prongs ready wow that is a powerful
powerful bang it's not as loud for you
guys but that thing is loud let's try
this one more time ready
oh it's melted Wow look at these
scissors and up here I'll make it so you
it'll focus you could see those two
little burns on the metal here it hits
it it's it's pretty strong so you want
to be very careful with this and not
shock yourself it's still charged
regardless of whether you push that
lightning that button to make it charge
or not so you need to open it up take
out the battery and then discharge it
with with this because if you notice
that I never push the button and this
has now been sitting there for a little
bit if I go ahead and there we go it'll
go again so I have to go ahead and take
out this battery discharge it and then
it should be safe Jake is back from work
now that's good and we are I'm
the second round of the gym today I did
I had my workout my trainer in the
morning and a few days a week I go for
another time to do cardio at night so we
are going there before we do dinner it's
gonna work up an appetite because we're
fat good we're fat but we're gonna head
up to the gym get a get our groove on
hopefully lose some of this chunker
steam I can't really film too much here
but we just finished our workout I
totally killed it feel good yeah
sweaty yeah I got it off my pumps on I'm
syan puppets on this guy's out
RV let me go to bed he doesn't care
about anything
Jake and I have just been watching some
Netflix chillin yeah Jim Jannard TV Jake
dancing anyway it's getting late so both
of us have to go bed start new day
tomorrow
fun stuff tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I
hope you guys enjoyed watching today
that's all I got for you so I will see
you guys good soon look I
