hey guys it's a new day today
and I know what you're wondering where
the hell have you been
it has now been seven days later seven
days ago is my last vlog and that wasn't
an accident it wasn't me just wanting to
sleep in and not vlog it was a conscious
decision so that I felt like it was
needed to take a week not a week off
just a week away from struggling to find
great content so that I can have just a
week dedication to try to come up with
new strategies for the drinks new things
that I'm not cheap
the drinks channel is doing well so I
don't want to do that boring standing at
my calendar right there just making
drinks you know I actually have two
videos to drink videos that are already
shot that I'm not going to put up
because those it's those types of videos
and I'm actually reshooting those with
full you know new creative ideas this
weekend as well as some more stuff and
some even bigger surprises so yes a lot
of you haters would be like you lazy
piece of shit this is why I don't like
watching you as you watch this while you
comment and everything like that well
hey if you would like to unsubscribe you
are more than welcome to because I will
tell you what you commenting telling me
you want to unsubscribe is like when you
go to a movie theater and you don't like
a movie that you see in the theater if
you stood up and said I don't like this
I'm leaving everyone around you who
doesn't know you is gonna say Shh shut
up and get out because that's the same
as this I don't you don't have to tell
me unsubscribe you could do it doesn't
hurt me doesn't hurt anyone else and
everyone kind of just wants you to be
quiet so this whole seven day thing was
actually not for me was for you guys I
America's Got Talent was going on
throughout the week and usually I said I
was
go to every show I didn't go to the
shows except for one day buddy and that
I went they have two shows a day I went
to later one because I've just been here
at my apartment
doing research buying stuff that I think
I'm going to need for videos and
literally in one day spent 500 dollars
on Amazon for stuff that I think would
make cool drink videos and for new stuff
designing new logos making new like
possible t-shirts that might come out I
don't know just just I can't do that I'm
days I'm vlogging because I'm so worried
about creating great content for you
guys that those seven days I feel like
I've just in a whole new headspace and a
whole new refreshed thing that I think
that it's starting to get excited about
not to not to dread on so yes I
apologize the only thing I will
apologize for is not being up front and
telling you what I'm doing I probably
should have said hey I'm gonna take 7
days to do this but instead I just kind
of did it because it was kind of
dishonest but a thing but I'm here I'm
back and I have so much new content a
lot of new video ideas that I think that
we could just go forward and from now on
will be more I'll be more community
communic I'll communicate better so the
week well so you guys will know if that
ever happens again I hope it doesn't
it's just to get a new rhythm on things
and everything like that but on that
note let's have a good day I know we
will because we always do parents hello
hi guess what I'm doing today I am
from filming multiple drink videos today
what no I'm not doing i if you guys want
to see a drink video with my mom I
should do that we should do a drink
video mom we call her we call her uh cuz
one time she she had her one drink and
she gets her one drink wasted and she
tried to say she was a flamingo but she
called herself a flamingo so now when
she's drunk
she went full flamingo yeah so maybe
we'll do that for a drink video but
people are coming over now so I'm gonna
go up to my apartment
bye close it up
bye boo
this is a short ride from theirs what
haven't you eaten your food now you
found her right now we're over you sure
your food dude I got some friends here
hey hey what are you walking to I'm
about to say hello well Brandon's here
and Miss Hannah we haven't been around
in a while but we are in one of my
favorite places an adult candy store
known as fit mo where you could buy all
the alcohol you ever want and we were
restocking my bar gotta get a lot of
liquor so we just started the vodkas and
move our way up from there
so we have all these bottles for
restocking here I have to restock a lot
I love these classes Souls and I'm
trying one that I haven't tried before
I'm buying this I actually gets super
sick bottle plus I know I really like
buffets well anyway but it's the Miss
call when it's all black so that's cool
check out this so you can see it now
it's like soup
I just love matte black I like love it
but this top part is really cool as well
but I didn't know until we got back and
I touched it I wish you guys can feel
this if you ever liked even if you don't
buy one reach into the box and grab one
of these in a store it feels like
I know how to explain it it's like a
Lego either really fine sandpaper kind
of like if you've ever this is gonna
sound weird if you never touch the shark
like if you ever not a lot of people
touch a shark if you okay well anyway
it's like it's a really weird feeling so
you should go to like Bema or Total Wine
or somewhere they would have this and
just it's definitely cool more people
have arrived now it's more of like a
party over here right hello but what we
actually did was I on your blog yeah I
did we did like a like this is not going
to go on my drinks channel it's on his
vlog that we kind of just did like a
liquor tasting like all like some weird
ones like my coca leaf liqueur and stuff
like that and some absinthe and
everything is good though right yeah
yeah while you guys were tasting all
these weird stuff I took a couple of
shots of that uh oh that's akela he's
alright beautiful payback literally like
this lick doing drink videos and drink
videos and drink videos but I know I
just that's what these three videos I
it's an excuse for me to drink yes I
just did one with Andrea Oh what are you
holding that's so inappropriate to be
shown on my blog except for the fact
that it has to do with the drink video
and I got one of them right here so
check this out I'm wearing my whole like
just get up with that yeah rusta oh my
god put this on good put yours on oh
this is good and it's like hot hug it's
hot hard to breathe and it's just a
weapon bad I'm also doing another video
with furious
good to do apparently Andrea said he
looks very Canadian because he has a
kind face I'd be pissed yeah he's
filling a video for his channel that
it's just it's gonna be super epic he's
taken all of this alcohol that's here
and behind and every day that he's
taking a little bit of all of it and
just gonna put it in one glass and drink
that you are - oh I'm doing one - okay
you're I'm doing it - we are both doing
it and then we are doing another that
one's gonna be for his channel and then
we're doing another thing that's really
cool for my channel I don't know when
this video is gonna go up I will up
figured out and I'll let you guys know
but the one with Andrea that I just did
is already up so make sure you guys go
down to the description check the link
click on that drink video give it some
love and I think it's I think it's going
to be good because we literally just
finished filming I haven't edited or
anything so go check it out we just
finished a Pete's video and L it burns I
got to tell you that
and it's pretty we have like we had a
tiny bit left over so Andrea said that
she would try it and raise a pussy
though and she's getting two tanks let's
get up yeah but you have to let let it
sit I'm scared that I'll puke it back up
like legitimately well don't worry cuz
going down it's like picking it back
down it was it was fun it was fun video
I mean uh it was interesting is
something I've never tried before in a
devil I get something no one would
actually ever tried to be honest because
it's such a pain in the ass to do yeah
and it's oh thank you like they're not
like comment drinks no some of these no
mixing all of this stuff would actually
for someone to have this and to try to
mix it would be like the most expensive
cocktail you can get yeah anyone so I
think it is the world's most expensive
cocktail uh but this is a great name
that is nothing - well we'll see but
that that was a pretty intense it's like
a gold like can looks gold gold sighs I
don't know just take it okay take and
you can't chase it right after because
you have to feel it oh I don't want to
know
no because that's the no taste they just
taste orange juice you don't need to
chase it you you underestimate Oh going
to one down there you go
how's that oh oh it's not good mmm
burning a little bit why does it have
like some like weird gross flavor in
there like but I would tell I would say
it's about a mix of like 50 different
flavors that doesn't one that hella
sticks out is gross fuck whatever we're
both either Everclear or the peppermint
schnapps the rumble mints maybe that it
does it has some like oh but it's it's
this stuff is interesting we decided to
come out to Hollywood to visit yet
another fuuny no hardly another Canadian
maybe are they so we're going to go up
to his
I don't know what we have in store for
the night but we're going up there
Jameson
what you
yes you are
okay okay guys well that's all I got for
you for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching please go down the description
and check out the new drink video let me
know what you think I really need to go
to bed it's about 10 after 4 a.m.
I am exhausted
this dude is too right you are so ready
for bed just like just like me don't
worry go to bed right now okay guys I've
missed you but I'm here and then that
note I'll see you guys again soon
goodbye this is how you open a beer
bottle with a 22 I didn't think the 22
would be that powerful but it
