hey guys it's a new day today and I
actually you guys saw him in a couple
vloggers a few blogs ago when I was at
demolition ranch of Matt we tried to do
a beer opening video with the with the
denim vehicle
we used some powerful Rousey's at 40 40
50 80 so today rather than scrapping
that video for the drinks channel
brandon and i decided to try to change
things up a little and see if we can get
this thing to work so today i'm gonna
head out to my parents house of
Calabasas to try a few other things
hopefully we can get this to work and
yeah i just got back from the gym a few
minutes ago so I got to take a shower
get ready and then we're gonna head out
and have myself a good day like we
always do I'm back in my parents house
now and I want to show you guys
something when I was really young I like
when I was baby
I have bright blonde hair and bright
blue eyes look at this you can see here
yeah how weird is that blonde hair blue
eyes and then I and then I turned into
this it's like I was born Aryan and
became Jewish but this is cool this is a
picture of my dad these two are my dad
needs to are my mom that's cool then I
had a Joe Dirt haircut look at that
mullet we got I'm wearing overalls and
that mullet is just that is crazy see
there's my bright blue eyes again crazy
crazy we realized that we didn't have I
forgot to bring the openers by the way
I'm with this doofus
I realized I forgot to bring the openers
which is the only thing we like I mean
we needed everything else but that's
such a loss for us to not have that
because we need it so now we're at
Ralph's looking to see if they have the
kind of openers we need which I hope and
then we can get to shooting this video
we couldn't find the openers of Ralph's
so we ended up going to another grocery
store called Albertsons and they had a
ton of them so we've got we got a bunch
of them but I was just showing Brandon
this guy here this gigantic teddy bear I
actually was gonna buy one of these my
dad and I were talking about this idea
where we'd cut open the back of it get
inside and be walking like this giant
you know stuffed animal and be able to
get up after sitting down and like chase
people and do stuff that's fun like that
literally the next day after talking
about it we saw Dennis roadies new video
was getting into this and walking around
with it which I thought was hilarious is
not something that's like oh damn it
just like okay well he did it faster but
I want you guys to see the actual size
of this thing just to give you guys an
idea of this side of the size Brandon is
6 4 and this thing is so much taller
you know baby's big and it's not you're
not even holding him straight up but no
I'm not super heavy yet but what do you
think like 7-foot yeah definitely some
7-foot teddy bear better summer Abby
loves him this is a cuddly teddy bear I
actually have never cited in my 22 that
we just 22 is right there we're just
siting it in on that blackboard we got
this because that's a full hill behind
it so it's actually a lot steeper than
it looks from here because we're staying
at the bottom of the hill but any any
boats going straight will go straight
into that hill and so we don't have to
worry about it just going off into the
distance because obviously it's super
dangerous got my ear protection and my
high protection we're gonna try to
continue this opening a beer experiment
this time we're going to be doing it
with that's why - so let's see if it
works so you got to bend these openers
that's probably good like that yeah
that's perfect
so you got these openers here and then
we're propping up this beer bottle
with these two tennis balls and that
little stick to keep it from rolling
down so hopefully we can get this to
work we got the GoPro shots let's do
this this is how you open a beer bottle
with a 22 I didn't think the 22 would be
that powerful but it literally sliced
this thing in half like it was butter
damn let's try this again
we tried again and I'm not going to tell
you guys what happened you'll just have
to go to the drink video to find out
which the link is in the description
below so make sure you check that out
show with some love and yeah but uh it
was still it's it was still a really fun
video to shoot so I'm really proud of it
regardless of how it turned out so you
guys will see but yeah so make sure you
check that out right you had fun I just
found saying that was funny it's it's
the shows how how much I grew up I just
found that this is all dusty and
everything still has airsoft BB's in it
super dusty and then I graduated to
firearms it's only the natural
progression so those you parents that
are wondering if buying your kids
airsoft guns are gonna turn into them
wanting real guns yeah yeah cuz they're
awesome
that green it looks
I might be drinking water
okay guys I think that's all I got for
you mr. Harvey is already asleep look at
that look at that sexy leg right there
says she like yeah dude and he's tuxes
so you just tucking it back you are so
weird dude anyway I made sure to come
back so that I can fully edit the drink
video and make sure had time to edit
this vlog that you guys watching and I
did I got everything done and I am happy
and I it's now 150 in the morning 10:00
to 2:00 so I should go to sleep I have
stuff to do in the morning so please go
down to the description and click on
that drink video check it out let me
know what you think shit with your
friends show it some love I'm just I'm
happy to do those videos there so there
are a lot of fun to do and I like now
I'd like to come up with different
creative ideas of trying different
things so we'll have some fun with that
and Nan that note that's all I got so I
will see you guys again soon goodbye
