hey guys it's a new day today and it's
starting off pretty bright although it's
pretty rainy outside right now in LA
as you guys know if you watched
yesterday's vlog I know it's kind of
long live like 18 minutes but that's
pretty rare for me so it's pretty cool
but you would notice that I ran into
some troubles when I got back into LA
because American Airlines lost my
luggage with my two guns inside well
this morning I got a call that someone
was at my door and here's my bag this
was in it so it's great just wanted to
make sure both are in it and both
firearms are there everything is good
intact perfect so I am happy I still
don't think it's okay or responsible
that American Airlines would lose
luggage that has declared firearms in it
but at least they're back they're safe
they're in my hands and I'm happy now
with them I'm gonna go head out and pick
up my best friend I want to pick up
little Harvey big Harvey big little
Harvey
look who's here
hey buddy hi how are you you have fun
you enjoy yourself
yeah again your little horn dog in there
I heard that's okay you're allowed to be
you'll have to be let's go home dude
let's go home
I'm happy to see my boy again he's lazy
though you got tired out there taking
naps on the floors that we're doing Jake
and I are actually out cuz Jake is his
lease is up cuz coming up soon on his
car so we're looking for a new car for
him so I'm going from Prius to a full
electric car yeah to the ia this is my
yeah yeah
supercool
yeah we just got back and after looking
at some cars we also decided to make it
stop off at Gamestop and jake and i
picked up two copies of Tom Clancy's the
division because he has this ps4 I have
my ps4 and if it if you guys want join
our party we could do that too I'll be
cool he wants the stream on Twitch as
well so he's do you have a twitch
account I do what is it Jake 8-0 gaming
is it will figure it out yeah another
time you know anyway but he's get
touched and I'm going to twitch and
we'll do simultaneous streams and play
this that should be pretty pretty cool
I'm really excited to play it I've heard
a lot of good things about it I'm pretty
happy yeah
okay Jake said he got a little boner
when he got it so we are just getting to
the Tally's party now it should be
pretty nuts I feel big wide now that we
got away there yeah I don't know we'll
see this should be pretty crazy it's got
a good really nice beer too
here we go
we fight so we do the birthday boy
nice
yeah movie we are back now and I am
actually retired I ain't wanna go to bed
in a few minutes I need to go to bed
you already beat me to it but I want to
go to sleep
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed watching
that's all I got for you for today and
get some more we'll do some more fun
stuff throughout the week
no no I'll see you guys again soon
goodbye okay
I got your thumbnail you got it knock
down the target
