hey guys it's a new day today and we are
back out at demolition ranch and we kind
of ran out of light yesterday for Matt's
video so now we are continuing it it's a
new day it's a new day it's gonna be a
good day
like it always this look like it always
is check it out so what is this this is
an ar-15 you can see it has an extra
curved magazine because it takes the
same round than an ak-47 shoots 7.62 by
39 right yep exactly
cool killed it we're getting over to the
to the some of the big guns now we've
got the 338 Lapua right here super nice
infant bronze like the desert eagle and
the parrot 50 Cal that is both of these
are super cool just a little guys just a
little on this little thing I'm gonna
try in a 338 Lapua powerful
let me show no it's a real sensitive
trigger cutlet it's about a four pound
trigger it's kind of light so just get
ready
be good Brendan yeah
hot damn you're good to go that triggers
real light nice 3:38 that we just shot
50 BMG a little more power here we just
had lunch and Alex doesn't know what I'm
about to say he's a little nervous
well we got our food and we all went
inside to get utensils and everything
and I was the first to come back and
there was a bird on your plate eating
your rice no there wasn't this two of us
and I listen I shoot it away and I
thought I need to tell how it smells
like now he won't eat it in my coat
so I let him eat it and I hope you don't
get sick you'll know but can I get sick
from that I don't know you mr. bet you
should ask bet he was curious why there
was a piece of Cornish Beverly it was a
bird if you're like Simon he was right
here he's going in like brown rice
everywhere and I was like anyway oh my
god this Bryce on the ground those are
birds to go to the bird in that Portillo
and
if you noticed you haven't seen me shoot
the 50 Cal yet and that's just because
sometimes there's a malfunction and it
didn't eject right yeah
the case got stuck in the 50 Cal barrel
so we've got some dowel rods to knock it
out so we gotta knock those out and then
we can go back out there and finish up
problem-solving have it oh no good thing
we bought to dig up junk around Dan that
was in their heart here's our problem
that extractor ripped off the lip of
that cartridge right there that shell so
that's why I wasn't pulling it out
because normally it was grabs on here
and pulls it out it just ripped that off
crazy it is time to shoot this I've been
waiting for this oh yeah
oh damn okay I got your thumbnail haha
you got it knock down the target yeah
you got it
deal I want one
you need one it knocked it all the way
back and then it had enough power that's
why it fell over thing is crazy knocked
the camera sideways haha Wow
blasted your camera that was awesome
it's it's crazy powerful I've never felt
something like that we have another
drink video we wanted to shoot just this
hopefully it'll work and see it works
but thing is is we wanted to use a we're
going to need to use something not as
big as like a 50 AE or 460 so we're
actually going to use 44 luckily I can
take off my 50 80 barrel and swap it so
now we have a full Bert bronze desert
eagle and now it is chamber in 44 that's
the 44 barrel on it so we'll just give
it a shot with this we figured what
would be a better way to open a beer
bottle than using a 44 Magnum were queer
Magnum 44 Magnum so we have these bottle
openers and normally you would just go
ahead and prop this up and you can open
a bottle like a girl yeah that would be
the girl way to do it that's how girls
open up their beers oh ok so he bent the
easiest is really strong arms to bend
the bottle of our Ennis T and what
happens is as this will hook onto here
we're going to go ahead and just take
this to the cap take the opener and
while this is at an angle here it now
makes a target to shoot right here and
hopefully while this taped on it creates
enough force because the bullets
probably just going to go through this
right yeah we picked a big wide bullet
44 and we wanted to be going slow so
ideally in theory it won't just shoot
straight through there it'll have enough
pressure to pop that top off so we have
we're not actually shooting 44 mag we're
shooting 44 special which is slower so
it's not going to cycle his Desert Eagle
yeah
it's gonna look like it jams every time
which it is going to Jam every time but
maybe the work this is our setup so we
just have to hit this and hopefully
it'll open it it might spill the beer
but I don't know let's give it let's
give it a shot only one way to find out
this is how you open a beer bottle with
a 44 desert
you got it
nothing I wonder if we can find that
thing
see if there's a bullet hole in it we
couldn't find it so we added this uh
backboard or how you break up here you
opened it damn it look awesome still
small target so I hit it's gone
well there's your answer we tried this a
good amount of times and we either broke
the bottle or I hit the the thing off
one time we couldn't find it so we added
this backboard and now you shot it hit
it came off didn't do anything and it is
lodged in the wood right there Pillman
it it impaled it um but you know maybe
this is something I can do with my
pellet gun maybe that would work anyway
maybe a bow and arrow I was thinking I
might cut this out but I'm not going to
I like to show when things don't go as
planned because that's just reality so
that didn't work out but hopefully you
guys still enjoyed me smashing those
bottles and we're putting up guns for
the day so yeah time to enjoy your guns
now you can drink we are now going to
film the outro to the video I did for
demolition Ranch Channel
so here's we got the guns these guns are
all unloaded safety checked because
we're doing these actually for a funny
thing that he came up with did you tell
me what it is not yet
I just see it I'm super excited I'm
excited well you'll see we are down at
the creek and this is gonna be
interesting
okay Oh
where we go
you guys will see that video what next
week yeah next week bro next week you'll
see this video so we're taking these
guns of revolvers but
luckily I packed for one extra day just
in case and so I had dry clothes like a
full set of dry clothes
all but I don't need my waterproof boots
anymore so we're good but before we head
back to the airport we're stopping off
back at the vet clinic and we're gonna
go there check out some of the animals
and I want to see tripod again see how
he's doing this
Doug is adorable yeah like two days
post-surgery look oh look how good it
looks
yeah it looks great not bad another two
weeks it's gonna look like nothing ever
happened
I mean he might be missing a leg but let
me know scar or anything and that's just
a coloring junkie Ricky's coloring is
great yeah he's like a Australian
Shepherd healer makes I'd guess come
here they named him Hank the cow dog
because he looks like he's gonna be a
good little cow dog you know take this
thing off
would that help you that better you guys
have heard me call him tripod his actual
name is Hank Hank you happy dog you
happy dog
you're looking for someone to adopt him
he's a home pad maybe one of your
followers will take him it would be a
dog that Alex Mandel and dr. Matt worked
on to save so that's a that's an
expensive dog right we'll give it to you
for free
hey little man
Matt and I were just noticing that
Brandon he's been cleaning out his hair
had bird poop in his hair did not you
did and you wiped it on my shirt but I'm
kind of wiping it off right now I don't
have to clean it yeah hey you got some
extra hair products
oh gosh you going fast here yeah they
shouldn't be driving at that it's wet
and everything I think this is this is
where we say goodbye this is the end but
you know what happens next you come out
to LA that sounds like he's never been
to LA so I'm actually I'm not saying
this for the vlog I'm actually you need
to demolition ranch 1 million cells it's
great well you definitely need to come
out to LA tell you guys go to his
channel and tell him cuz he doesn't know
yet tell him to come to LA because you
guys went over to his channel I won't
know if y'all don't tell me yeah well
this this only happened because of you
guys as well because I didn't message
him and/or I didn't even say go talk to
him you guys just went and started
telling him that I mentioned him in my
vlog and so he came and found my channel
and commented on there and then we
connected so this is all because of you
guys and now you definitely need to come
out to LA and we will have more fun and
I will take you out too
yeah we're gonna take me ranch day let's
you may be super nice don't you take me
somewhere nice
thanks so much for having us who are we
I had a great time I have raced out to
have a good time I'd say goodbye right
now but I need to use your bathroom yeah
I don't
yeah goodbye after thanks for having us
bye bye hold on can I hide away I know
you're gonna end it looking later but
can I do that but you're gonna put your
lips up against my camera yeah goodbye
we're back in that lay now we're getting
our bags
Brendan's bag came out right away but
the ramp stopped and I still haven't
gotten my bag which has Bethesda legal
of the 460 I don't know where the bag is
I really hope that that is not a lost
bag because that'd be if they go what
were the contents in that bag
two magnums oh dear
well it's okay it's always something
how long have you been here now we
landed 51 minutes ago 51 minutes I've
been standing here and now there's just
like me and one other person and I I
seriously think that they've lost my
guys
oh dear there's nothing else coming out
Oh No I'm now the only one left at that
we were the only ones who live here
there yeah you heard actually I know I
know I didn't know wasn't even looking
at you in here I got it yeah we got to
go to baggage services to tell them that
it lost my bag meaning bag was trapped
but it is not here we took a direct
flight from San Antonio here to LA all
right thanks everyone the bag where was
where was the back in Phoenix and
Phoenix team Phoenix why would the be no
problem let's get there Mike I do want
to say that although no I got screwed by
American Airlines losing my bag you are
being very helpful and thank you so much
yeah I don't wanna I'm not putting her
on blast alarm just she's helping being
very helpful and she's the one that
actually found that it was in Phoenix so
we're trying to figure out why it's
there and how we can get it back but
okay I don't understand how that's
possible thanks for picking me up wrong
you should have wore pants while you
picked me up now I know
well Brenda just left
well good night by the way good night
Brendan's on his way home hopefully what
yeah that's it's so crappy
anyway Brandon just left and I've been
DMing back and forth on Twitter with
American Airlines don't figure out
because I was just kind of bashing them
on Twitter I just feel like you know
they should be careful with all bags but
realistically speaking if you declare a
fire up so they know there's firearms in
the bags because I have to declare if
they know there's declared farms they
should be extra careful of where they
place it to not lose it you don't want
firearm being lost they get the wrong
hands it's just terrible other than it
just being expensive property that
they're losing of mine just terrible but
that's just not a responsible thing that
they should do they should have a more
than just a policy of me declaring it
they should have policy of how those get
handled but you know it is what it is I
can't do anything about it now except
for hope that they find it they deliver
it and everything's intact and mayor and
nothing's gone so I'm not gonna not
gonna I'm gonna try not to stress too
much until I hear back but yeah that's
all I got I had such an amazing time in
Texas with Matt and doing all the stuff
for demolition ranch and hanging out
that ranch and it just you know it such
a good time had to end on such an off
note but at least it ended an off note
here and nothing bad went on in Texas
that's all I got for you for today but I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and let
me know if you guys have some cool ideas
you want to see for the drinks channel
we could do some more because I know a
lot of you guys would said you'd love
that that shooting one that we did I
will see you guys again soon
and yeah goodbye no not that one that's
what you statue throw it through that
one through the middle one no I said I'm
thoughtful music yeah that Rab that no I
don't wanna get my feet wet
