hey guys it's a new day we're at
demolition ranch today and we're gonna
have a good day just like we always do
Parker we're going out to uh we're gonna
do some shooting
this truck is got all of our gun
equipment so we don't fit in it gun some
guns come person we're going to drive
through the ranch and then bed of the
truck it's really cool
Jews are in Texas recently oh shit we
went and picked up our car too because
it we realize that we have more
equipment that we need in here so Matt
actually take us back this car is not
four wheel drive so you want to be
taking it through the ranch but we have
two now so hopefully we don't get stuck
anywhere and if we do it's just another
adventure on Joe volition Ranch right
yes we are prepping now this is actually
I totally recognize this area because
you guys have commented before when I
asked you what kind of gun I should get
you guys answer a frickin Mosin Nagant
if you don't know what I'm talking about
you can check out that Mose in the guy
video but this is the that Creek area we
set up this canopy because we don't know
there's this storm coming so we don't
want the cameras and stuff to get wet
but we're prepping right now and we
wanted to be right in the flood zone
when it comes in oh is this is this the
flood zone this is gonna come up like
quick feet ah I think we should shoot
this pretty quick oh dear oh gotta try
to walk through these areas I'm really
happy I bought waterproof shoes before
coming here because I don't own that and
it's actually like I was like well why
do I need like waterproof I know I know
why now I wasn't going to tell you what
we're filming but I think even with with
me telling you it's it's just as
exciting because I know what we're doing
and I'm still excited and worried
because I'm trying to still figure out
how it's going to work but if you notice
we got all these different things here
and funnels and cool things so what
we're going to do is this is actually
we're making the first video we're doing
is to celebrate a hundred thousand
subscribers on the drinks channel so
we're going to rig up a few things where
if you shoot at the different targets
each target releases a different
ingredient different kind of liqueur
that all comes down to one to make one
cocktail but this should be pretty
interesting pretty tough pretty exciting
we got here show you got a box here with
other different kinds of alcohol and
everything so you know with this this is
just something that I've been thinking
about doing and we thought it could be a
cool idea I told Matt about it ahead of
time he was like looking we'll just
we'll try to make it work oh that's the
one I wanted to see oh these look
familiar except mine's not a 500 but
that one's cool they're all sick yeah
here we go
yeah wait hey are you different guns for
every target you're right
got a vlog this jump what you guys doing
you've brought it down we were looking
at the camera I always I think you guys
are not doing much maybe what stand here
and just jump though then works good
look that works hey a couple grown men
dancing in the woods we're getting our
science experiment all ready we got to
do a bunch more huh oh are you fogging I
am oh yeah okay it's turning out okay I
think I'm a little bit more confident in
this there we go
Matt's got lungs I blew it
you drop it ah jump it's losing it
Oh Oh got it good teamwork see when you
guys watch this video on the drinks
channel it's just gonna look cool and
easy and great this is we spent probably
like an hour just on the first three
balloons it's a lot more work than then
it looks it's hard it's really hard
yeah no not that one that's what you
statue throw it through that one through
the middle one no I said haven't thought
through it yeah that was that no I don't
wanna get my feet wet what yes the water
broom you bought those waterproof ones
you do oh yeah we watched that pour
straight in
good thing you have waterproof boots you
stick one right here yes okay no not
over everything
oh just why are you standing all the way
over there they're sending up the
picture that's gonna catch everything so
I'm just gonna show you guys the way
this would kind of work is these glasses
are actually going to be taped up to
this balloon when you pop the balloon
this drops and dumps the liquid down to
there and that would end up leading and
at least that's what we're hoping so we
gotta set up to these glasses on all
these but got them all around for this
drink I think it's gonna be cool in
theory it should be great we'll see
let's see how it works there we go it
all got pulled together it's going down
into that pitcher down there so
hopefully oh it's time to rain let's
let's get this going let's start
shooting it's now how long did it take
us to get that set up long too long yeah
all these guns over here let's get this
uh it took like three hours yeah I'd say
about three hours he said and I know it
looks very simple guys it was really
difficult it was like a four mile hike
down here yeah yeah bring you all the
stuff down good movie Ranch is like
700,000 acres or something something
close to that yeah so it's a long walk
unfortunately I wasn't able to shoot my
Desert Eagle back in LA if you saw the
vlog because they wouldn't let me shoot
anything bigger than 44 at the range I
went to this would be the very first
time that I shoot my 58 Desert Eagle oh
is that is that bigger than a 44 we
can't shoot that here - laughs it's too
loud sorry damn it squirrels will be mad
you get pissed off and shoot this
yeah I like that it's so much easier to
the 462 oh yeah
Oh deal now we're going to fill these up
with the different liquors
little froggy no froggy whenever we're
shooting hard videos like videos I don't
know how well they will go I don't ever
want to shoot the intro because it takes
up time and I could shoot the intro at
any point so we're actually we just shot
the intro now because the video turned
out so much better than I thought it
would be just because I was worried that
it wasn't even going to work it was
really hard took us so long but I think
it was good I think it's time to eat we
haven't eaten today and we wanted to
hungry yeah but you guys definitely
check out that link in the description
because I know it'll be there because
I'm so excited edit this and get this
out to you guys and I just think that
it'll be you know just a great I think
it'll be a great video I hope so house
you see Mike it's good Matt now that we
finished all the stuff we need for my
video we are setting up for one of his
videos rolling out all the greats real
demolition ranch video not not Alex
Mandel drinks at devilish ranch matt has
a 500 Magnum and I have the 460 and I
told him that he should definitely try
the 460 it's a little bit more you can
hand a little yeah little bit I don't
know we'll find out yeah it's a it's a
smaller diameter faster moving bullet
does it do a fireball is there big
fireball there's a big fireball yeah
all right now you need to try the 500 I
will do that so this is the 500 this is
the 5 yeah listen let's show them a 460
bullet next to the fiber for comparison
there's the 460 Magnum next to the 500
Magnum and then I want Alex to shoot
this one holy day hold on this this one
is a 3 or 50 grain bullet this is a 700
grain bullet twice the weight this will
knock your socks off does my hand gonna
feel okay no it won't at all thanks for
making me feel more comfortable okay
okay it's my first time shooting a 500
possibly last time possibly maybe last
time okay let's do this
yeah that's more than the 416 that
fireball is awesome
whoa oh just a little 700 grain no big
deal
did that hurt your hand a little bit
this one will hurt worse oh no I'm
actually really I'm really nervous
I hate shooting that bullet it sucks I
hate you for making me shoot this boy oh
dear good luck see you on the other side
today's the day Alex Mandel becomes a
man ah that is a round Oh and that
insane yeah you can see like the rubber
marks of my hand I shot like five of
those at a time one it was terrible
oh god it feels like it cracks like the
bones of your hand yeah oh my really a
little bit Brandon's turn first time
with the 500 this is the 3 out of 50
grain go for it yeah
now you gotta try this this is 700 grain
bullet oh dear
oh I get it it makes me sissy laughs
that's what it does it makes me sissy
laughs it is it is tough right yeah
that's that that is that is a powerful
thank you for that that was an
experience
don't you hate this thing I mean it's
like it's so cool but like I hate
shooting it it's not fun I would like to
see you put five rounds in a row through
that I wouldn't do that not even not
even for YouTube I would not do it if it
sounds like I'm exaggerating but that is
a that is a like my wrist is is your
wrist not so handshaking is it yeah it
is
it's a powerful round Oh actually my
hand hurts Oh my finger hurts butch
poling oh that's Addison I don't know if
it's getting I think that all of you
guys should try it one time as an
experienced but that's a painful gun to
shoot we didn't get to this today but
we're gonna be shooting this tomorrow
right yeah that I am so excited about
ran out of light today
yeah that gun is 100% illegal in
California so I cannot own one and I've
never shot one and I would love to and
I'm it's the greatest thing ever
I'm so excited we're back at the hotel
now both of us are pretty tired we woke
up early and we have another day of
filming tomorrow it's the more videos
done I had so much fun today please make
sure and go check out that drink video
for the hundred thousand subscribers
this one's for you guys it was a lot a
lot of work and ended up becoming like
what just over three minute video that's
the way it works you know and it's I
hope you guys enjoy it and
yes just make sure you share around like
it show its love that's all I got for
you for today
so that don't I will see you guys again
soon
goodbye walking inside I got to show you
guys something very very sad but they
just they're rescuing boy girl boy boy I
hate the hell dog hello by the way
hi welcome to Texas welcome to vet Ranch
right yeah this is that ranch you made
it I
