hey guys it's a new day today and today
I'm going somewhere cool somewhere I'm
really excited about Brandon's ons way
of right now it's about 6:30 in the
morning at the moment I'm finishing
packing out because I haven't really
told you what we're doing where we're
going how I'm doing that yet I don't
think so
but what I do know is I'm packing up
right now and one of the things I'm
packing up putting this into here and
inside this is guns guns guns guns which
is great and I'm excited about the only
thing I'm not excited about mache it's
like you know the case fully there we go
so we're going to the airport
um which scares me to bring these guns
with me to the airport but because we
were going China closes case because
where we're going I wanted to bring my
guns and I've never taken guns the
airport to fly with them to check them
too I had to look up all the procedure
and I am still nervous and the reason
I'm nervous is if you are flying out of
pretty much any other state like you're
going to fly out of Arizona or Texas or
Tennessee or you know anything I'm sure
the people the airport or more they
commonly deal with with people who are
maybe traveling with guns the only place
I'm I'm actually terrified of bringing
guns is lax here in LA because people
are very scared of guns so I don't know
if you guys know but part of the
procedure of checking a firearm is you
have to open the firearm case at the
airport at the ticket counter to show
them that is unloaded so that part
really scares me that I'm not look who
just walked in the door morning
morning good morning so we're gonna want
to finish packing all this stuff up and
then we'll be on our way
I'm looking for the ticket counter right
now don't really know where to go
we're finding it and like I said this is
something that's new to me so I'm just
weirded out special services that was
this I don't know well open it go smooth
that was so so much easier that I was
like I was worried about it and that was
but seriously I was like uh I'd like to
check how fire just in a bump just open
it up as I opened it show her she goes
his unloaded right yeah cool she put
like a stamp on it that I just signed to
say it was an affidavit same looks
unloaded and then it went through and
then she was like do you carry a gun
that big just so it makes you feel like
you have a bigger peanuts and I said yes
why else would I have one like them we
landed right here
didn't know where we are I don't know I
don't know if we should tell them yet
okay in a little bit we'll tell them we
show them but in case there's severe
weather we know that we can hide in the
women's bathroom yeah
when the winds get strong
I don't where to go first stop while
we're here we got to prepare for some
drink videos so we're going into total
wine get our alcohol on yeah
it is hot like it is hot hot not LA was
hot unfortunately when we come to these
cities we can't always go to like a
regular liquor store we need to come to
these big like you know like liquor
warehouse is like BevMo or Total Wine
because we need to find weird things
like one of the things we needed here
was a blood orange liqueur that you
wouldn't you might find out liquor
stores and stuff but like different
things like that are just easier to find
everything in one place so that's why
we're making this our first stop and
then be on our way we are stopping off
before we get to our hotel at a vet
clinic you didn't see it I'm seeing it
I've seen you shine it in my eyes you
happy yeah no saben off of a vet clinic
um alex is getting fixed v magazine
feels like since he's not using it Liars
doesn't need getting neutered yeah so
we're gonna go in and check it out and
say hello walking inside I gotta show
you guys something very very sad but
they just they're rescuing boy girl boy
boy hanging out oh hello by the way
hi welcome to Texas welcome to vet Ranch
right yeah this is vet ranch you made it
I made it yeah this little puppy we
don't really know whole story it's
homeless animal the homeless pup and he
was found with a rap on the bottom of
his leg and it totally blood supply and
killed all the tissue down here so he
has this rotten Paul down here and it's
just a totally unusable leg and I'm
going to go ahead and just amputate the
whole leg today so sad story but it
could be a lot sadder if that infection
got the rest of his body so standing
amputated it's hard to look at I think I
think Alex needs a new dog too look you
need to go to LA
should I take I take on the three-legged
puppy yeah I do need a new tripod you do
so as you guys have seen now already we
are in Texas and we are here to do
videos with Matt for demolition ranch
and also you guys should check out vet
Ranch which is where we just were to see
that cute little puppy who has is going
through some some tough times but um was
rescued that's a good thing but Matt is
actually he actually just got off work
now it's gonna meet us up here we'll get
ready for some stuff we are definitely
in Texas we got my desert eagle and we
got my Smith and Wesson 460 so we're
gonna have fun with these probably do
the gun stuff tomorrow we're going to
plan today on everything we got to shoot
we got some really cool things planned
especially a special video because we
hit 100,000 subscribers on my drinks
channel so thank you guys so much for
that huge achievement that was so crazy
that we did it I mean I was like more
than a thousand away yesterday two days
ago and now we're like 400 over that or
500 over that crazy so we have a really
cool videos plan for that as well as
some other ones I'm just excited you
excited you look comfortable
you're just tired I got to take a quick
shower before he gets here then we will
have a good rest of the day Matt was
just asking like if I already ended my
blog because I have been pulling my
camera out
we went to Home Depot to prepare for
stuff and I specifically didn't vlog
there because I don't want you guys to
see the prep for the drink videos we're
gonna do which they're really cool about
and now we are at the restaurant that we
already finished dinner because I've
really been flogging that too and what
is I don't agree we can even do video
tomorrow I know you know you do the gun
part I'll do the drinking of our virgin
right yeah
with with chilly things out they fit
that guy he's not virgin yeah I just got
a beer but they wanted to show us around
take us to a restaurant out here what
I'm here for too long
but I was like God let us say should it
they come out to LA a little bit
different you've never even been to LA
you have but they should go out to LA
and come to America's Got Talent or hang
out or I'll take them to work to the
ranch that I go to to shoot but
it's a little different a little
different than that I think that's
that's the end of today there's not we
didn't we didn't get to do any shooting
today obviously but we weren't planning
on doing any shooting today today was
all prep and getting ready for tomorrow
we're gonna we're gonna do cool things
tomorrow right yeah that's you get
you're setting everything up tomorrow
right would you just do oh we're gonna
we're gonna get some really cool stuff
tomorrow
I really hope and if it fails you guys
will see it on this channel and and if
it works out great you'll see it on my
chain
exactly so on that note that's all I got
for you guys for today and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye everyone
if you have gone please check on your
mouth
I don't I don't get that as often as you
