hey guys it's a new day today and I am
going back to America's Got Talent so
I'm heading to right now I hope that
some of you guys got your tickets so
that I can go and say hello to you and
we can we could be friends over there
but yeah I'm heading over there right
now I'm actually probably like two
blocks away and we're gonna have another
fun day that I'm not bringing anyone
today and I'm bringing Brandon or Jake
or anything but I know that Brittany is
there so I'm excited to see her I
haven't seen her in a little bit so i'll
have to look for her and see where she
is and then we'll just have herself a
good day like we always do are you ready
dad I'm getting ready I'm waiting for
mel b to be ready but apparently not
ready they're just putting uh she likes
to
plus it's a get ready learn how to go in
I don't think it starts without them
there so without you there be I eat over
there yeah wait for drivers I'm gonna be
here hi hi no one no she distracted
ensemble are you excited Abby are you
happy are you happy she's smiling at all
nope now she is ok now you are no hi my
sister and I were just talking about how
like scheana I was telling her her vlog
did right couple days ago got over 3,000
views which is incredible Yetta realize
3,000 people watching and I find myself
doing it too like I would have loved to
I remember the first time I got 10,000
views I was like what the hell is that
and I was insane but I find myself
discouraging myself because I hang out
with like Roman and food scenes like
that and I'm like but I'm no idea their
size and so I told her I said you have
to always just take it back and realize
the achievements you're gaining on your
own and I told her I was like look no
one's running up to me
no one's crowning up and running up to
me to take pictures i can do throw on
phu SI right when i was saying that
someone put my sister sighs excuse me
kind please get a picture he won't take
a picture of these could have been
better timing but uh it still is
something that I always have to remind
myself is that you know you have to
don't compare your achievements to
someone who's you know doing the same
thing just take him as your own
achievements that you're completing
yourself and you'll be happy ok ok go
for her she's working I'm just
interrupting her job I was coming to
find her but she's got take care of work
so we'll see her in a sec I don't expect
any less this is like my luck she's out
here
so hi everyone someone please check it
out if you have gone please say time
your mouth I don't I don't get that as
often as you see guys get if you guys
get tickets to come here you could say
hi to Britain or two because she works
at this on the audience coordinators
that's like just like one of the
managers but you may be seated by her or
you should say her find her
i do i wasn't i see but they don't see
that
parties are you going sorry gotta hi
Jackie boy no you know what do they want
you guys I just put it on Instagram and
on Twitter I drinks channels away from
100,000 subscribers and for those who
don't remember and I've see it in the
comments at 100,000 subscribers she
agreed that we can go on a date you guys
will see the date we will she's ok with
me blogging the whole thing that's what
we're gonna do so hundred thousand
subscribers make it happen good Alex
Mandel drinks and then we will go on our
date
please I just got home and a lot of you
guys are already killing it from the
Instagram posts that already went up at
least another hundred subscribers that
is closed we have less than 800 to go to
hit that hundred thousand on Alex panel
drinks which is awesome craziness and I
have some really cool things lined up
for that channel coming this week along
with another big surprise that you guys
will definitely find out very soon very
very soon like when the next couple days
I think yeah so that should be cool
Harvey what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing did you have
fun with Jake I saw Jake posting
pictures of you I saw him posting
pictures of you guys hanging out on the
couch you lazy boy you guys have fun
Jake was was babysitting him while I was
gone he had a good time you seem to have
a good time you took care of you daddy's
back though and he's tired and he's
ready for bed I'm talking about me but I
think you are too are you ready for bed
too yeah I think so what the hell you
doing buddy you're resting your mouth on
that you weirdo oh hello I didn't see
you there I just woke up are you woken
up yet now he's still passed out right
now he slaw he rolls around asleep look
you knocked his blanket out and
everything he's had he's had a rough
night oh yeah anyway I gotta get up in
like a couple minutes cuz I gotta go to
the gym and then start a new day and get
everything prepped today because today
is the last day and prepped before my
special surprise that I'm excited about
so
without further ado that's all I got
that is everything that I have for you i
hope that you guys enjoyed watching make
sure you goes up to that drinks china so
we can get that date going and we will
have fun and another day i'm going to go
to america's got talent today later on
after i run some errands and get some
stuff done and that's it thanks for
watching I'll see you guys again soon go
buy you thought of me yeah and then you
two spoke yesterday yeah we did we
talked on the phone calling dancing
Montero's in the corner over there
singing I'm the lucky I
