hey guys it's a new day today look into
what I'm with I'm with mr. bread and
sauce and we are going somewhere very
very cool time even for lol oh elevators
and everything all everytime that you
never whenever you go this is how it
happens we're going business divorce
ever we're actually heading over to
Pasadena because they are shooting
America's Got Talent they're there doing
the audition they're in the audition
stages right now thank you ways we are
GPS stalking me but um we're going there
right now this is gonna be the first
time I go this season it started
yesterday yesterday was the first day of
this new season 11 but Brett and I are
going to audition today we're gonna try
to go to as many as possible or at least
I'm gonna try to go so if you guys get
tickets I think they're free you guys
should go and hang out with me there
I'll actually put a link to where you
guys can get tickets in the description
so that you guys can go if you want to
the only days that I'm not going to be
going is any time between Tuesday and
Thursday because I have a secret that
you guys will find out very soon and
it's very very exciting and I'm stoked
for it but anyways that's where we're
headed right now we're gonna have
ourself a good day like we always do
there's the red carpet and everything
hey car you're totally blocking oh I bet
you this is someone I'm going up on the
curb for real sauce right now
is that my dad it's not my dad but
anyway here's we're gonna go park and
then go on inside and hang out you know
hang out with our Wang's out you ready
for this you excited
get into our seats are you excited
excited for what I got a shell it's
American Idol yeah can we see that
pretty fun weird when people see me
start talking to myself on a camera now
all of a sudden it seemed like a really
bad option anyway
yes let me give you guys a little bit
for us I got a call from my dad and you
wanna use it wouldn't you wanted to set
me up I met that young lady works for
Simon Cowell and she's uh 24 25 25 he
just got out of a four-year relationship
I didn't really and she says she's
looking for something to uplift and
change and change of haze in life and I
said I have a son you thought of me yeah
and then you choose focus yeah we did we
talked on the phone dancing one arose in
the corner over there singing I'm the
lucky and stuff is finding it 24 Oh see
this this is my way of not feeling shy
as I keep this Cameron this actually
like helps me to not be so shy but you
seem pretty shy - I think it's something
that we could relate on right now yeah
I'm shy don't know what to do hi I'm
Alex just do this oh damn yeah I do
I don't dance I when have you seen me
dance no I don't dance I don't dance I
never would have thought that I would
that Simon Cowell would try to be my
matchmaker but hey you know someone's
got everyone's everyone's rooting for me
now right well thank you your matchmaker
cuz you're not gonna do it I know I
didn't even I didn't tell you guys
that's probably on my sister's blog or
something I said the most the worst
first line you could possibly say like I
didn't want to bring up my blog Cameron
just put that girl on the vlog I thought
I'd be respectful and asked him first
but the way it came out was not like hey
I'm a vlogger do you mind being on my
blog I said cuz Evan was talking and I
was just like are you guys it do you
mind being on the Internet
and everyone kind of gave me a look of
course it sounds like a massacre I did
porn me or something this is so I'm just
such an awkward person there was such an
embarrassing moment anyway and I'm such
a shy person so but it was ok hey
Brendan I do I dare now I'm hungry and I
am back at home now Brendan Jess went
down the garage hole the elevator to the
garage to take the garage jeez not
taking the garage thing right you think
it is car to go home yeah yeah
Jake is here yeah what do you want to do
let me yeah he's tired I'm tired I might
just call it like continued on to
tomorrow a little bit and stuff and yeah
I think that's just we're not gonna do
much thing that's the way this good
morning Harvey all right buddy
should we go sugar the bathroom sugar
Pete come on what go on up go on go on
you're doing it it is super warm outside
but it definitely looks like it's gonna
right I mean it is just cloudy cloudy
cloudy right what are you doing you are
you about to pee you are pink
it's great he's taking this morning pee
but it's like it's warm it's like
legitimately like t-shirt weather but it
looks like it's gonna rain so that's
okay
I like the rink we need it
now check this out
their main acidity around
it's got make it
oh you got a to
they're really excited for this
okay guys well that's all I got for you
we're gonna end it here - okay Harvey
yeah cuz I gotta do some stuff today as
well as I showed you guys the layout I
was gonna do for this I have not cut it
out yet so I'm gonna go ahead and do
that right now but you guys have seen me
set up so many Pelican cases on the vlog
that she's not going to set this one up
on the blog set of stuff in my level I'm
just doing it myself but I have the
picture of my layout on my Instagram if
you didn't get to see that so you can go
to my Instagram is just at Alex Mandel
remember you guys can always get tickets
to America's Got Talent so we can hang
out there and I did put that link down
the description so check that out I am
happy that you guys watched and I am
happy that I did this yeah anyways
thanks for watching that's all I got and
I will see you guys again soon good bye
what we got here is Astro a40 TR that is
the tournament ready and so these are
gaming headphones super cool they come
with the mix amp this one is
