hey guys it's a new day today we spent
the day in the hall
and I'll have a few things you want to
get work
that's what we're looking for his best
buy right now and it's mostly huge I
don't know where it is
we already know
I think it's that when you begin that
way
that's what I thought that it wasn't
there so what if you're right shut up
shut up you know what I need a GoPro I
mean I have one I want it yeah I want to
get one of the new what's not that new
now but I want to get the hero 5 black
yeah well it's not theirs the session
the new session but this one is like a
regular GoPro but doesn't need an
outside case it has the screen on the
back yeah I've been saying that I want
to put a camera on my helmet when I bike
like oh my Grob but I haven't really
decided what your camera want I think
I'm just gonna go GoPro because I love
GoPro so I'm buying this so then I could
start officially doing some motovlogs
let me
yep where we going now
lady touch-a I think we should take
scooters I'm not gonna take a lot
why are you so good take the freaking
scooter
really bunk put it in your cart okay
the fastest rolling Ricochet game yes
you guys know that I love to play
different games and I even have a game
of my own but knowing that the people
who make bonk reached out and said I
should check out their game they sent me
a video of it it looks super fun I was
like I'm down so now we're now we're
here buying it what was it tiny wonder
thank you hey buddy do you want to hang
out oh oh you guys are here too yeah
oh just three guys drinking beers here
yeah me too
well you probably took his beer every
wants it
cheers lady Cheers I don't want I don't
want your ass before your tits Seth oh
okay what do you think you guys like to
say nothing comes out you've actually
seen that a lot in antedate what I'm
about to say sound like we're gonna play
- V - you and me are on a team you two
are on a team the way that you played
fog is super easy
we each start with three balls but we're
actually our team so we could take each
other's balls if we want to you could
take my balls balls oh this balls in the
middle we're all gonna high-five to
start bongs so that we start at the same
place with our hands and then when that
happens no cheating
we you can turn these and you got to
roll this ball against yeah oh I missed
it there you go when it gets in here so
you guys yeah that we're starting and
then you would move you that's it your
marker over one point and first to five
wins well I'm pretty sure we're gonna
win because I just play it I don't think
so I've already been playing
fine what is it
I don't know you guys pick all right
since you're super confident sir
has to by the way on your pizza well I
am hungry I would buy a pizza right now
for us in their underwear yeah I could
go to the store across the street in
anywhere yet in the pizza and the losers
can't eat the pizza only the winner
that's how confident people we're not
gonna lose so you guys too you guys have
to try to fit into her underwear do you
wonder where you don't want that's
probably gonna tear open okay pepper
junior private perfect I'm down oh dear
I'm shaking you guys later be on the
internet and you did not your underwear
yeah
nice
oh my god I did
yes
with one ball no no no no oh look at
this I haven't seen you guys it's why I
like so red since the apocalypse oh my
god finish your beer we'll meet you
downstairs
the good news is I mean we're gonna have
clickbait alex is walking with so much
confidence do have to go inside can I
have to go inside or can i film out here
I don't want to come
they lost a bad bet
yeah
here is not a
I'm impressed that you guys actually did
it so if you want some pizza you can
actually have some yes go go get change
okay oh yeah and you know what I'm back
I'm back to me back to me but just Alex
now I feel like I have to over
accentuate give me Alex yeah look she's
back - Andre - it's so bad you want some
pizza I just gotta tell you guys like
yes this video is sponsored by buck but
I thought we were gonna play one game be
done with it everything gonna go on for
like other parts of the blog it's it's
more Drake sirs were shot and even they
were saying like oh yeah we thought like
what's this game gonna be and we have
been playing game after game hey I want
to point out that now we are winning now
we are that's not your next time three
three I will say though when Alex like
oh I got this board game we're gonna do
a video with the house down because you
know whatever it's games but look at it
and it's way more fun to do a thing
a book by its cover for a real sample
perfect example we are currently into a
new day cuz I didn't I didn't end this
yesterday or anything we played a bunch
of games I'm not talking myself by the
way something pal I'm back here today
and Andrea is also here but she's
currently watching whoa
I'm pasty there we go Andrea is
currently watching Charlie oh you're not
gonna knock
it's just Andrea just tired losing this
little guy right here mr. Charlie mr.
Charlie Thanks
I don't think Charlie's hungry right now
I was eating it he's eating it but we're
gonna go to lunch probably just do more
stuff today work on some new videos that
you guys will see soon and I think I'm
just gonna wrap it up here but I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and that's it
so we will see you guys again soon
goodbye
