hey guys it's a new day today
and Harvey yeah how you feeling you
feeling good he actually is still
wearing his cone I have the cone right
here I took it off though so that you
could eat you should eat boy where's
your food there's your food he's
wondering fishy hi hi you must feel good
without the cone right now if you look
at his foot it's actually getting much
better you can see the hair growing over
it and everything so it's already doing
much better with just keeping him from
licking it not on it and I've been
washing it every day so it's been
looking like it's feeling better he
doesn't look like he's in pain at all
but I'm still gonna keep the car on for
another day or two just so that it could
hopefully fully go down but he's happy
he's eating he's being a good boy and
we're gonna have herself a good day like
we always do I just got to the office
and say hi to the fishes hello good
fishes after the fish I know I like the
fishes
I think that eel is like stuck Death
Star
oh no it's riding shot sigh there's two
more over here that aren't you see that
striped one this one over here
nickel
it doesn't look happy to see me you see
this one right there where is it that
one with them with the really long nose
that's that's the Jewish fish as you
guys know I don't go anywhere without
all my handguns so they're all here I
that's actually not true at all I go
many places not my thing that's the
reason why I brought him is you guys
actually have been asking so much have
you ever taken your dad to shoot your
guns my dad was actually the one who
took me shooting for my very first time
when I was like 12 maybe 13 I don't know
how old I was but he's what advert who
took me to the shooting range for the
very first time kind of was like oh I
just fell in love with guns but he's
actually never shot one that I own so
the range that's pretty close by it
doesn't allow rifles it's more of a just
a pistol range and gun range so I'm
gonna take him through everything from
my little 380 all the way up to the new
Desert Eagle 50 80 and the 460 Magnum
Smith & Wesson 460 so this would be
interesting I don't think he's ever shot
something that powerful and it is
definitely an experience I'm excited to
take him and I'm excited to shoot it
myself because I always have fun doing
that so that's what we're doing today
the target range here in why do I have
to come because I want you two to have
this father-son bonding with me and what
better way to bond then over firearms
I don't mind I don't like fire you took
me shooting for my very first time when
I was younger so now I'm taking you to
shoot my guts but I'll be honest with
you I don't like it's loud and I'm
afraid a lot of kickback in the big guns
no they said no notnot to film me they
said that we cannot shoot anything more
powerful than 8:44 there so we could
have shot just like the smaller handguns
but the whole fun of this was gonna be
taking my dad to shoot the big ones the
you know my 460 the 50 AE so we actually
they said no I called another one then I
actually used to shoot my 460 yet called
firing line up Reseda they said no I
said they don't now they don't allow
anything more than a 44 as well so looks
like maybe this week maybe in a couple
days or something that I'll be able to
take him to he said he's gonna find some
free time to go to Inglewood that's
where we shoot at LAX firing range and
they will allow 100% they allow
everything my aka my hey our everything
so I know as a fact I could bring that
there and shoot it
they're all right here I see all three
of these
come on out my
do you like cook us back us
shellfish caucus you like that one
whoa
that's an eel that's not a fish that's
appeal say eel eel oh are you leaving
yeah bye I'm gonna be traveling
somewhere pretty soon and where I'm
going I want to be able to bring my guns
specifically the desert eagle so I have
this case that it came in it's great but
there's no locking holes and you have to
lock it to take it through an airport
you know that's great so you know like
this case is good it has locking holes
and stuff but it really only fits this
one and if I want to bring both I don't
want to have to take both of it picked
up a new Pelican case because I love
Pelican this one is the 1500 which I
actually already have but I use it for a
camera so I would put this like here
maybe this would be like like that all
right that'd be pretty cool I actually
would want to put this one closer
because this extra space would be
perfect for an extra like 50 cal mag or
I can make a lot of extra room put these
sideways which I could and put this in
here this is probably how I'm gonna set
everything everything's in there got the
Smith Wesson 460 the Desert Eagle
the 44 barrel and both the mags I think
that that looks that setup looks pretty
sick and it would store pretty neatly
Harvey while you enjoy your dinner I'm
gonna go ahead and do a quick unboxing
let's go ahead and open this what
one hand unboxing with this round okay
what we got here is Astro a40 TR that is
the tournament ready and so these are
gaming headphones super cool they come
with the mix app this one is the ps4
version they also make an Xbox one
version I I got the ps4 one because I
like black and the Xbox one version is
white I read online that I could buy
this whole kit and then buy this mix ant
individually just the white one for the
Xbox one and that would come with
everything I need for that let's go
ahead oh wow these are super nice I've
never owned a pair of gaming headphones
I know Astros are getting good from what
I hear and I asked you guys which ones I
recommend and he has recommended these
so here they are brand-new they still
got the plastic on them
nice
and they're comfortable they're really
comfortable here is the mix amp holders
to go hmm
there we go go right there and right
here we got the mic it's on to it and
because these are the a 40's about the
1850s they are wired I think this makes
me officially you know okay I'm ready
now I can stream or look at this yeah
these are super cool I'm really excited
to give them a try and to gain more for
you guys on twitch if you guys don't
already follow me on Twitch do so it's
just twitch cops not Alex Mandel you can
find me there and we can have fun times
gaming they got jakey's ps4 to so we
gave it a little more then that's that
so I like these snazzy new headphones
I'm really excited about them and
figured you guys might enjoy not boxing
so hopefully we will use these
information it's a new day and I just
got back from the gym I took myself a
nice nice just very comfortable poop and
I not allow you like I don't want to
know that but a lot of you are also
sitting pooping while you're watching
this so that's just something that I
figured we could both relate on to
relate to each other with that's just
our pooping come from we can both be
comfortable with each other moving party
because people do that they just he does
it you do it all the time buddy right
yeah I guess so anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today that's all I got
for you I do want to still go do the
shooting thing hopefully maybe this
weekend
to do that with my dad also America's
Got Talent's come back so I'm going to
be going to a lot of those audition
things so hopefully I can see a lot of
you guys there if you get tickets to go
to it yeah thinking you just go online
and get tickets I don't even think they
cost anything but let me know if you
guys are going and I can see you there
hang out and on that note I'll see you
guys again soon
goodbye yeah thought he was licking
something I like he's licking his own
paw and what I noticed Harvey we let me
see it
look at this it's it's starting to bleed
a little on every night that so it looks
pretty pretty gross he doesn't seem to
be suffering too much but he doesn't
look super happy he keeps
