hey guys today is a new day and I don't
really know what's what's going on today
because it's not super sunny out it's
not cold but it's not it's not like
super nice I mean look it's like kind of
just like white not like snow white but
just it's just full of cloud cover a
little bit on the colder side like it's
like la long-sleeve weather but uh try
to figure out what to do he's kind of
hanging lazy hanging low right bud do
you have any ideas for today nope okay
well I do have some errands I get a run
and then hopefully we'll he'll do some
fun stuff I think we will we will have a
good day
why because we always do you guys have
seen the newest handgun I got which is
this super sexy Desert Eagle if you
notice it is two-tone it wasn't always
two-tone this is Bert bronze and black
the way it actually comes is in
California we cannot buy it's just not
on the roster to get the 50 AE version
so the 50 action Express as we go it's
not on our roster we cannot buy it we
can own it but you cannot buy it but
there's a way around it and Desert Eagle
made it really easy which is I bought
this in 44 here is the way that it came
this was actually on this before in
there if this black barrel makes it 50
action Express as well as it has to have
if it focuses you'll real see it anyway
on this it says 50 because these are
this is for the 50 Cal routes when they
first sent this barrel for some reason
Magnum research which is the company
that makes this set me the barrel and to
357 magazines we can see 357 I don't
have any use for 357 magnums and
if you guys are wondering why I haven't
used this or taking it to the range or
showing you videos with it it's because
I haven't had the 50 AE magazines until
right now they accidentally sent 357
magazines with my 58 barrel but they
also sent me a return slip packing slip
so I'm gonna go take these over to FedEx
now and send them back I'm gonna need
some help
I know another 18 who works here hey do
you think I get some help I gotta send
these magazines back you're gonna load
them in my I always heal itself me out
here and he he's given me a lot of gifts
in the past if you saw that picture in
my kitchen of Harvey and stuff yeah put
a whole bunch of new stuff now it's in
my room
yeah good to go Thanks
see ya it's always good when they just
it's just it's just more fun to do
things when you when you know the people
that are helping you out and he's been a
supporter for and an a-team for a long
time so every time I come here he's
helped me with shipments or whatever or
anything I need I was just looking at
Harvey and he keeps licking and licking
I thought he was licking something wrong
he's licking his own paw and what I
noticed Harvey we let me see it
look at this it's it's starting to bleed
a little and everything like that so it
looks pretty pretty gross he doesn't
seem to be suffering too much but he
doesn't look super happy he keeps he
keeps licking it knocking on it which I
didn't know what to do so I took a
picture of it and I actually sent the
picture you guys know I watched one of
the channels I watch all the time as
demolition ranch with Matt Matt's
channel but he is another channel called
vet ranch where he's a veterinarian
which is a great channel by the way you
guys should check it out but I texted
him a picture of that I took a picture
to see if he can help me out he told me
it looks like an interdigital cyst and
he said it's common in Bulldogs usually
treated with steroids and antibiotics or
can be can go away on its own with
daily washing but for now because Harvey
keeps biting on in and licking it it's
really important to keep him from doing
that so Jake's back now we're gonna head
over to like Petco or something that and
get him a cone I've never seen Harvey -
the cone I think he's gonna like it but
I want that thing to get better so I'm
gonna try washing it and stuff like that
if it doesn't start to go away a little
bit on its own and starts getting worse
a little bit bigger then I'll take him
to the vet but for now I think the most
important thing is just to keep that
area clean we're looking for the cones
and these are like the the more rigid
one but the problem is is like this is
the one that would fit his neck but when
it's around anyway this one's so long
that I think that he's so short to the
ground this would rub on the ground and
it would be ridiculous that one is like
a soft one and more comfortable yeah see
that there you go Jay that's better it's
more comfortable and soft my neck and
it's like it's like snow it's
comfortable yeah but my neck isn't as
big as Harvey's yeah but that's it still
goes to another opening right yeah I
don't know we just we're trying to see
which one I feel like the guy at the guy
at the front we were trying to find
sizes I should have brought Harvey but
are these gonna he said that the
extra-large one is way too big so we're
gonna go for large and we'll just hold
the fits usually when I come back home
Harvey like runs out but he's just not I
know he's not feeling good so not only
did we get him a cone but I got him a
new toy that I think he'll like he likes
these hard rubber toys because they feel
good on his gums and his teeth Harvey
where are you buddy
oh here it comes how do you feeling dude
you look down you look sad look what I
got you got your toy do you want it
you're not feeling good
Wow he's just not in a mood right now
are you taking it no I know now we got
to put the cone on him you will you
enjoy that okay we got to put a cone on
you buddy
where you going you taking this back to
the room he's gonna go put it in his bed
that's Ria's his other toy okay you're
not feeling good you know don't you ever
have those days where you just don't
leave bed that's what he's having
I know you don't like it
but I can't have you lick your paw your
paws looking bad you still get your toy
all that matters there you go
Harvey look I got your toy for you look
hey I got it here look at me here you
can have it
here look
here you go oh he just cares about the
toy see it's good that we got the toy
we're into the new day right now
I think Harvey's getting used to his uh
his color come here
why are you just staying there hey buddy
how you feeling yeah your foot still oh
you want me to look at it okay okay fine
okay look at it now oh oh I see all I
see is wiener okay well anyways guys I'm
gonna end it here so we can start a new
day new fun new adventures with hallux
and yeah I gotta go get some stuff today
for something I want to vlog tomorrow
that I know will be a lot of fun that
I'm doing with my dad so I'm gonna go do
that and get started and do other stuff
and you guys will see that probably
tomorrow's vlog so on that note I'll see
you guys again soon goodbye oh my god
Jake come here right now
oh dear look at what I just got in the
mail look take it hold out so they can
see
