hey guys it's a new day today and you
guys probably I've seen in the comments
you guys have been saying that my camp
or the videos have been a little bit
foggier or out of focus or whatever it
is I realized that my lens is really
dirty that's because when I suck you
guys at the end when I say good it's
like the camp well I say when I you know
to close that sometimes my lips touching
it makes it smear and gross and
everything so I have a special when I
say guys anyway I have a special like
microfiber thing with a cleaner so now
it should be good to go and if it gets
foggy up again and I don't realize it
yes good always let me know in the
comments the Abbyson it's a doggy show
them what what is it was a B what is a
bear say she's also learning how to say
a new word the new word is chalk can you
see because she plays a chalk can you
say Chuck you get a chalk look at the
camera
okay look over here Abby yeah say chalk
yeah yeah no wow that was a I am not
wait to see the face she just came can
you try again say Chuck you say Chuck
Abbi yeah dad that's I don't think
that's it
chalk chalk can you see that say Chuck
good Chuck cook right
do you like Chuck my sister and both my
parents just did a challenge for her
channel they did the bean boozled
challenge I'm not gonna tell you what
happened but I was laughing really hard
filming it so make sure you go check
that out on her channel it's just
youtube.com slash life with Jackie and
you guys can see it there it was you
enjoyed it right don't know don't give
away no spoilers Jake and I are having a
little Taco Tuesday on Sunday in honor
of the Oscars because at the Oscars they
it's all about tacos there's really no
reason to have Taco Tuesday on a Sunday
or it has nothing to do with the Oscars
but we want targets we're making them I
am cooking up the citrus marinated
chicken we got cheese going all this
different preparations with salsas and
guac and
everything on your nest some on ajuga
yeah okay y'all a your nest is there boy
yet yeah some sour cream and stuff so
I'm excited those make some tacos now
these aren't traditional or anything
like that but they are what I'm assuming
very delicious the chickens really good
that's it just marinate chicken and
everything and jake has melted some
cheese on to the tortilla anyway I added
some more cheese anyway so looks paper
plates because we're not doing it fancy
we're doing it talkative but it is what
it is and I'm ending I'm excited we're
doing taco night
yeah since my sister was here today she
brought me some packages that I had in
my box because if you guys don't know my
sister and I share a fan mail box I got
a bunch of fan mail that I was really
good that I got and I will read some of
those in a mail vlog but I also got two
packages that I want to check out and I
thought it'd be fun you know I don't
want to sit for a long time just on this
vlog to open those so that'll be in a
vlog maybe coming up a little later this
week but right now I got two packages
that I have not yet seen what is in them
but I have opened this and I cut this
one open I have not looked inside the
whole reason I did that is so I can hold
this camera and be able to do everything
with one hand so I have no idea what is
it this I will leave the big box second
and let's open this so this one is
actually not even addressed to me and it
almost seems like he addressed it with
his name to me so I would know who it is
except it doesn't seem like a very real
last name there's a phone number here so
I'm gonna show it to you so you guys
could see what he put is the name but
I'm not gonna try to cut off a little so
you don't see the phone number so that
is who it is uh dressed to is to Nick go
fuck imasu come limp dick yep let's see
what is inside where did I cut this oh
that looks oh dear I just took a little
peek I literally try not to look at
these at all until this because I don't
want to have to fake some sort of
reaction that is already doesn't seem
like it's for me but this looks
ridiculous this is what the hell are
those are those eyes googly is this a
man thong oh I have to open this too
maybe I could try to do this one hand I
don't think I'm gonna be able to get
this one hand hold this open let's see
what the hell is
it's got eat oh no oh dear I don't know
if I could wear that in the vlog oh my
god Jake come here right now oh dear
look at what I just got in the mail look
take it hold out so they can see oh oh
my
Oh buddy Oh got a little floppy ears
like a short Chuck look at that hello I
need to call that number on there and
say well ask you what is yeah I'll have
a little Club yet maybe a little longer
of a flop oh that is so weird let's
let's call the number before we open the
next thing
they just hung up on me I'm calling
again
call failed try the third and last time
if it doesn't work that I'm just that
it's just not never worth falling
call ended either they're hanging up on
here's it's not working okay well I
tried if you were leaving your number
for me to call you I I guess that's you
let me know but I tried this one I kind
of know what's in it only like I don't
know exactly but the tape on it that
ceiling says hex mag which is a company
and they also talked to me until asked
for my address the best adders to send
this to because they wanted to send me
stuff they didn't tell me what they're
sending now so this is completely new to
me I didn't remove any of this wrapping
because I didn't want to see what's in
here
bunch of goodies boy hex mags a really
good magazine company and look at this
ooh
for my AR that's a sick one I don't have
that that color oh and more I would I
was literally gonna go buy more
I am so Wow but that's sick
lightweight impact resistant damn I
gotta put these in the AR and see what
they look like what are these Oh
new grips I feel like this is Christmas
for me
this is grip grip tape compatible oh
that's that's what this I'm like looking
at this as I'm pulling stuff out so the
grip tape that is cool
oh yeah it's got this grip on it so I
can take those out and put them into
these hexagons I'm so I'm so excited for
this Oh black grip tape and grey damn
you guys hooked it up hex bag I can't
wait I really I am truly excited about
this I cannot wait to I actually want to
get a new AR as well so I would need new
mags for that and I want to do an AR
build I already started accumulating
some parts so now I already have a grip
for it that I'm using
from you guys and the mag export this
would be sick some hex mag stickers
thank you so much I love getting this is
C one of the perks of doing this whole
YouTube thing is that sometimes
Christmas comes at random times of the
year but thanks so much for saying that
that's so cool I really really really
really appreciate that it's awesome and
if any of you guys want to send presents
I will never turn them away I caught
that yawn dude caught that yard stop
telling me you're not tired I know
you're tired you want to go to bed yeah
I think we should go to bed I know
you're sitting all sexy and shit right
now your legs out to the side you pretty
o to bed yeah come on come on go into
your bed get your blanket and everything
in there you sit good boy do you know
why cuz daddy's going to bed too is that
for me to go to bed as well yeah we're
all gonna go to bed you are you secretly
wise are you secretly wise yeah I like
those teeth little cool front teeth okay
well anyways guys that's all I got for
you for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching let's just have ourself a good
fun week I'll give you as much as me as
possible trying to give you even more
than what's normal which means that it's
you know like even two is more than
normal so we'll try for it we'll see how
it goes
and then that note I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye it's gonna start in a
minute
Oh
