hey guys today is a new day and I've
already been looking at I uploaded not
uploaded I said it to live I uploaded
last night that new drink video the
purple drank in the hood and I actually
I gotta say thank you you guys are
killing it you guys are showing it so
much love it so much support and I makes
me really excited too me and Brandon
have been talking about already new
ideas to do with the drinks channel
stuff like that so they were going to
just make that channel come alive and
bring you guys some cool stuff more
stuff like that so that'll be really
cool but we're gonna have ourself a fun
day like we always do what are you doing
what is it candle in it why would you
ever put a candle up here are you gonna
light it if you like so I got a climbers
ladder like Kendall and we go sit way
over there and have something to eat
yeah but they kid oh you're doing either
side balance it to creating time my
sister my younger one
Riley secret sister let me call secret
sister cuz she doesn't like to be on it
um doesn't like to be on the blog but
today actually probably like what five
minutes ago yeah you guys got a call
tell them she got engaged she got
engaged check out this picture here's
picture cuz since she won't be in it she
doesn't have a choice now that's uh they
just got engaged that's literally took
that picture right after and so
congratulations to them I'm excited for
them what I'm just amazed how well
tinder works out is hash today he met
her today right what's his name I forget
his name but she said he was really nice
and the rest is gonna be history
I should come on tender I had no idea
that Roman and fousey Show was tonight
Roman said the 28th to me and I went on
you now and everyone's like you going to
the show tonight it's like what do mean
tonight that was like it's tomorrow and
everyone's like no it's tonight he said
the 2828 turns out to be in San Diego so
it's actually tonight Roman was like
oops my bad please make it so I'm gonna
go and I'm bringing Jake along with me
I've been getting so many messages
saying whose car you going we want to
see we want to say hi we're heading out
now to go to the two Roman and flu
season L flew see which Roman yeah oh is
this your car sorry we were blocking
your car
we had not how to go to our own versus
show and I'm excited I happen to be able
to make it so hopefully I see a bunch of
you guys there say hi hopefully I get
some of you guys in the vlog and just
have a good time Tim we're just getting
here now we're pretty late he told me to
go through the back and we couldn't get
through the back so we gotta go through
there's still a place you're in the blog
we gotta go try to get in we had to work
out ticket issues that Roman Roman did
really well I left us good tickets
the front row but
Oh
Oh weekly free up hands how's it going
good how's it going hey hey oh my god
this is let me put stuff away you want
to take a picture okay I'm sorry I'm
trying to go to my seats I'm sorry okay
where's my seat
I think I mean yours
and I really did not expect that for me
but now we see people see me feel like I
was plainly important who's now it's
gonna start in a minute
so we gotta go in here say hi to
everyone a lot of people in here okay
see you going to be here so many people
hi thanks
hey does the end
yeah I'm brothers in more people they
could be in the vlog and because I you
know I it's hard for me to be in a blog
so I'm gonna put everyone else that
wants to be like
Oh
who do you want to give a shout-out to
yeah Oh perfect do they watch yeah they
do
oh well then you just got a shout-out I
don't not a lot of people give shoutouts
in here think you should we should get a
picture okay let's go we should I am
tired whoa where you going where are you
going
hey a lot of people asked about you
tonight you wonder how you were doing
that's cool right
high five six yeah thanks buddy thanks
for the high five if I miss you everyone
to see you I should have brought you you
should have come with yeah I know the
air conditionings making a weird noise
right now Harvey I don't know what that
is
listen to this
I don't know if you can help well you
can hear that that sounds really weird I
don't know what it is hurry let's go to
the bathroom what like his little frolic
go go go go go go go we're going into
the next day and I gotta say that show
was super cool I'm almost thinking about
going to another one there's another one
tonight like that's in yeah it's in San
Diego I don't know if I'm gonna drive
down there but it would be cool I
thought about and I said it to Rome and
I was like I almost like I was texting
Roman and fousey but yeah if you guys
are thinking about going to a show and
you haven't gotten tickets yet there's
one close to you definitely buy tickets
to the show work sing cuz have a lot of
fun seeing it and I just hanging out
with my parents and Jackie and Abbie
today a BU hello hi hi okay no girl ever
really talks to me anyway that's fine
I'm used to it well and I got to say
thank you guys you guys are killing it
with the subscribers are going up on the
drinks Channel so we're close to hitting
a hundred thousand which is crazy I
don't know what we're gonna do for a
hundred thousand the drinks Channel but
we gotta do something cool so we hit
that soon we'll get to it but on that
note I'm gonna go
good life can't say that about that but
the cats mush your hair up a little bit
you do it I can't shake it
you can't you guys like you
