hey guys today is a new day and mr.
Brandon's here hello oh you're so dark
because you got that all that light
behind you okay you turn off the camera
it looks like it's on it is on anyway
the reason why that camera is on is
because we are filming a drink video and
this one should be pretty cool I'm
excited for we got it in preparation
right now so you guys should go check it
out I think that the links in the
description already I'm already telling
you that we're just starting this vlog
but that's because we're about to shoot
it now and I'm I like to think
positively and hope that we're gonna get
it done it'll be up tomorrow so it's it
that link is in the description it's
there let's check it out but we're gonna
go ahead and we got to leave now to go
to a second location for this video so
we're gonna head out right now we have
arrived Brandon thanks for coming along
wait whit where'd you go I'm here with
rich raka aku boy so I is that right
that's correct that's how I say it right
guys where I said it right yeah yeah
well you know we're you know we're gonna
do today where we doing all right well I
argue I came here because I was gonna
we're gonna make lean together well
we're gonna make purple drank purple
Jade do you like to call it purple Drake
or lean yeah which one you ready for
that
it's called lean is Colleen really lean
I think I'm I think I'm ready to lean no
no we owe is that yeah I got a DOS lift
so you wanna pour why is it in a baby
bottle this really well because it has
the lines on it you know I've been
having a coughs oh yeah no I like to
keep this for you know help me bounce
back and get better so I mean I don't
know you weren't
no I actually this one doesn't have that
in it it's just like an actual cocktail
it's like lean like verging lean but
with alcohol Lina emergence let's swap
that for alcohol so you're gonna let me
get this straight you're gonna make
you're gonna make create your own name
yeah is that I don't okay I'll tell you
I'll show you we already started
prepping it where's that premise let's
let's let's lean we're midway through
the drink video and we made check this
out look at that you said it looks
pretty legit right crazy I got energy I
start cleaning up issues yeah and your
custom cups that's the only way to dream
yeah so now we're gonna continue
shooting this video we're just grabbing
a few things I'm trying it for this is
turning out great trying to get Alex to
make a song yeah trying to start on this
round and you guys been waiting for
rapid they learned pissed that I never
gave him a quarter million wrath maybe
we just have to give like it since we're
close to 300 thousand Mabel just do that
yeah yeah we'll both we'll both do that
we can because you know I'm I'm gangster
as shit
well you I mean you gotta take that you
don't take that leather all leather tank
you got like my my he's like my gangster
tire my hood attire like if I might get
robbed like this does anyone want this
leather tank no they're not gonna rob
you from the tank they know just robbed
me from school Ron
yeah you got it
you got the Swisher got the kid let's
get the switch we don't do switches
right home we don't do it I'm sorry
we've got a Dewback right no one you
gotta do back when was it we don't smoke
no sources buddy I'm sorry what is that
back booth backward this is a leaf and
we're gonna roll up in this and we're
gonna throw those switches in the
garbage okay let's party one got another
good for you okay we give you a pitcher
today
here's your custom handmade oh you have
no hands rattling train
oh yeah oh we got herself a rolling tray
customer mate you know and I can
actually look so nice yeah handmade it's
made of nothing that wood and glass it
was funny
good
I pulled out my pink letter he's got the
same on both our mock pink lager breast
cancer awareness aside it means we're
gonna shit yeah I mean you can't say
that it's you take off that the cat's
mush your hair up a little bit shake it
three more months
bring them up getting their dog begin
their kill that's a little better
already
the cats totally gotta go yeah this is
purple where's where's my I have yeah
brah I got this Swisher
great that's what some people that's
like the flavor of the hood no I mean no
no swishes and
I don't do Swiss I'm not locking people
that do but I don't like them and I
don't think they're good for you but you
do as you want I'm just signing out
all right you go to your your got your
training wheels on right now so I saw a
bit
Cheers
relax a little lean back so that it's
okay yeah yeah you puffing too fast now
let's give it a little break
like no 40 seconds enjoy okay no damn
this is masters like me high and talking
that stuff I said on high oh yeah I'm
just I like do it you look at the wrong
light at night sometimes that's just you
talking about when you're hot
oh yeah
I don't know what to do now Bridget
after a little bit of fun and experience
now I think that I'm gonna just go back
and embrace my awkward white Judas or
Brandon another awkward white Jew yeah
so we just decided to go full back the
other direction and go to our local deli
of froman's so we're going to get our
deli food on
like a matzo ball soup or something like
that and I think that's probably a good
place for me to stay comfortable with
and did have a lot of flight about and
that drink was actually really good I
would definitely recommend that for you
guys to try and for if Brandon was
saying he was gonna make it at home see
what Santa to try as well we do I was
shocked I thought it was more of like a
novelty drink it's actually really good
I could be wrong I could probably make a
picture in fact and let people just have
it and they wouldn't know there was any
alcohol even though it's good it's good
party hardy look look look look at me
hey buddy
hey is Jake gonna play with you with the
toys oh yeah we are back now and we just
edited the video I love it and I'm
scared of it because there's not like if
you watch this vlog you know that you
know what I was smoking was a with a
Swisher but in this in the vlog that's I
mean in the dream video that's exporting
it just looks like I'm legitimately
getting high with with him and I don't
want to give that image but my drink
videos are supposed to be fun and
somewhat sketch like so hello we had a
lot of fun with it I'm actually really
excited I think it turned out great
and you know we'll just see but it's
definitely um definitely different
different thing that I you have never
seen on here on the vlog oh and I don't
typically do so I think it's fun it's
different and that's what I wanted to
give you guys something different and
fun and exciting and something that even
I laugh at when I watch it if you don't
laugh at it
then that's fine too but I think it's
good I'm excited for you guys to see it
so that link is in the description so
make sure you go check out the drink
video and let me know what you think
share with friends comment there and
just support always helps because I want
to keep making those videos I like it
they're fun that is all I got for you
for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching
you are earning out you should just go
in your bed buddy
like I'm gonna go on my bed I'm actually
just sitting here editing the vlog that
I'm finishing right now which is I don't
normally edit until I completely finish
the vlog but I just wanted to catch up
on everything so everything's done
anyway you're already watching this so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed and I will
see you guys again soon goodbye
