hey guys it's a new day today
mr. Brandon's here again again again and
again and again I don't even invite him
he just shows up here it's weird and
kind of just strange why are you not why
are you here
you're right I did invite him I invited
him ice actually I invited him a lot and
it's hard to get him to come over
sometimes but we're gonna have a good
day today I'm not sure what we got in
store but it's always it's gonna be fun
because it always is jake has his new
ps4 that I got him but one thing that he
doesn't have is like he used like this
really old TV that we just happen to
have and it didn't have a HDMI port
that's how old it was I think I think I
think all the new ones have an HDMI port
I should they should so we're actually
at Costco right now and we're gonna
hopefully get you new TV right now spend
my life savings on so yeah yeah I'm not
I'm not buying this TV I've gotten the
ps4 he's just looking for TV now a
Costco and then go yeah hey maybe maybe
they have they also sell games here
right so we get maybe another like GT so
we could play each other across our
Playstations it's hard to make a
decision here because the weird thing is
like we're looking at the Samsung is
just like the 32 inch TV is here this
one is supposedly 720 and that's a 1080
one except the 720 one looks
like the colors are way more vivid so I
don't understand
why the 7:21 looks better than the 1080
hurry hurry all right hey yay me foggy
I am vlogging country are you excited I
am yeah we love getting the 32 inch 1080
we realized that that color difference
is actually it has like a color control
on it so you can pick how vibrant or not
vibrant you one think I'm talking about
TV or your vibrator 32 inch one 32 inch
big green yeah Randy yes exactly yeah so
so me yes TV smart TV excited excited
face uh-huh yeah hey Harvey hey hey hey
hey little man hey little man
good to see you
Brandon and I got an idea for a drink
video and something else I wanted to do
on here on the vlog Channel so we're
actually heading right now into the home
depot to buy all the materials we're
going to need for this this is something
I haven't done since college and I'm
kind of excited for it and kind of like
I don't rhythm to remember what it's
like but it'll be fun I think it's time
to start putting content back up on the
drinks chanak's a lot of people asking
for it
hey hey did you bring that in here I
pulled it out of my hat we bought all
the stuff that we need clearly we're
making a beer bong no no hiding that
obviously and thumbnail title and
everything but we're getting set up
we're doing it like a more of a how-to
on my drinks channel how to make you a
beer bong because a lot of people think
that you just buy this this tubing and a
funnel and you go ahead and you make it
you can do that that's totally fine but
I'm going to show you the right way to
do it but I'm not going to show you how
I'm here that is on that drink video
which the link is in the description on
how to do that so you can check that out
and I'm just cleaning out all the stuff
now because it all came from the
hardware store and I want to be mixing
my beer with some saunas that'd be
pretty gross we just finished shooting
the drink video we're actually shooting
it down in the other apartment so we
have a new setting here for this apart
for this drink channel we're in a new
location for that because I've never
shot a video down here so go ahead and
make sure you check out that video let
me know what you think see if you like
this new setting or if you like it back
in the kitchen in my in the apartment
that I live in so just let me know links
in the description that's where it
starts we're making this beer bong Chang
this out this is a 30-foot beer bong
winds up right here at the ball valve
holy damn that is a really far distance
away look at this if I hold this and sit
down well oh dear I can hold a lot of
beers we should use this for a party
yeah yeah yeah let's turn up on Monday
yeah we actually don't have any beer to
use right now so we're going to go to
the store and pick up some beer and to
to give this a shot try it out we
decided to go instead of getting like
sick
pack or 12-pack whatever you can find
decided to go Heineken keg so we could
fill as much of it as possible
I think this will be the best option I
don't know if it's the best option it's
just something they were about to close
the liquor store we just decided to grab
it I just hit it against the wall so now
we're going to gets a lot of shaking up
foam as well let's give this a go here
we go follow this all the way up around
here damn 30 feet of beer bong going
down that hole oh yeah we got that keg
out there the only issue we're having
with it is air pressure as it goes down
it's like there's a lot of air pressure
so like where the beer came down there
there's like a little gap here stuff
like that but then we managed to get
down this valve here we opened it a
little and it's like almost explosive
with the amount of pressure tent for
some reason it's gonna just like shoot
beer into our mouths and choke else I
think but this is a long tube of beer I
don't
happy Monday for us I don't apparently
I'm going first
and we're not doing all it's not like I
do this whole tube and then someone else
does the hole too but I'm gonna take
what I can and then Jake's gonna go on
Brandon's gonna go and we're hoping all
goes over well
oh my god I've never felt that much
force going to my met oh my god wait
till you try this
holy hell I feel like I just sucked down
3 P I know that look quit you don't even
understand how much forces and she's
just shoving into your mouth that's just
crazy oh my god like explodes and it
just shoots down my throat
damn I swallowed that though I'm not
just saying this to be funny or to sound
like a vagina but I honestly I just have
to say please with caution if you guys
are going to make a 30 foot beer mom I
didn't realize how much for such I know
that sounds funny how much force it
shoots in your mouth I've never liked it
when I took the first swallow it wasn't
like drinking anymore
I wasn't me sucking out the beer bong it
was forcing it down my throat I know
guys here we comment to get ridiculous
but anyway I'm just saying so we filled
this actually back up with saying that
because Jake wants to have a go no
seriously like with d'amato's drinking
in like 2 or 3 seconds you are forced it
forces down like two or three beers at
least within a two second time rate I'm
saying and then it you keep drinking we
were going to fill it up so that all
three of us can drink it and we had to
fill up more because of how much it
forced into my system I'm going to be
hammered when this kicks end but now
we're going to get Jake to to have his
test run and we'll see how it goes
open it away oh yeah
it's a lot of beer Jake was a little bit
smarter than me I guess this is just
like my mistake
is this valve my mistake was completely
opening it you don't have to completely
open it you could turn it like 3/4 of
the way half the way and control the
flow of beer that's going into your
mouth I didn't do that I fully opened it
so that was my mistake and now they both
are smarter from don't have to do that
are you to open all the way john Nydia
and as fast as it went up we took it
down now it could be put back up pretty
easily for any party you want to have
but we just cleaned it out washed out
water but it was definitely feeling it
now
definitely so we're just going to watch
some TV hang out hang out the rest of
the night then I got it I also have to
edit this because I want to make sure
this is up tomorrow which it is because
you're watching it as well as my drink
video so I gotta get to it I'm gonna
spend a little time watching TV just cuz
little drunk and see you guys again soon
okay okay I'll see you guys again soon
bye hello oh look who it is oh you get
attacked oh no he's getting attacked I
saved you Oh
