hey guys it's a new day today look who's
here it's mr. Oh Brandon I'm not a
douche bag
yeah you I don't know I've been reading
the comments they said here a douche my
name's a douche bag why is this so mean
dy you're such a douchebag we're gonna
head out to lunch right now he just came
out here not too long ago we're gonna go
this is a burger place that I just tried
recently with Jake in Santa Monica Santa
Monica called shaka burger it's like a
Hawaiian burger place so good so he's
never bad I'm gonna take him over there
and I actually just remembered the place
is called shakashaka burgers not shaka
burger shotgun Shack that's good onion
rings truffle fries yeah we do it at 30
yeah truffle butter
yeah in and around my mouth that's
really good you guys know that for the
past while I've been totally slacking on
getting a new battery for my car and I
have to jump it so often because I just
haven't got it Sonam here at Pep Boys
we're finally gonna get a new battery I
actually would not have gotten any
better yet but Brandon's like dude you
need a new battery yeah I'm going to
guess eventually when you just keep
jump-starting your car yourself nobody
wants to see that that that is true
that's a good point that's the reason we
are here getting a new battery and a new
headlight because my headlight went out
you guys also saw that like a month and
half ago so hopefully uh I'll be good to
go after today we're flashing forward a
little bit and they said that my car is
done that we're able to change my
headlight my battery and everything that
my car right over there so we got to go
in and we got to pay for it look I don't
need to jump my car anymore yeah I hope
you get jumped
damn that's such a dark hole when you
don't feel like actually going to the
shooting range shoot the guns inside
blonde cameras out guys yeah the blonde
cameras out guys oh my bad yay you guys
are so used to it
Roman you ready for dinner oh we already
ate dinner and it's completely closed
actually wish I could show you
everything is like super close in there
I was just very into the whole
conversation and new people that
everything that you want to see about
the dinner is on his he's drawing on
here right now you know that's I'm gonna
say look worried that's exactly what
it's gonna be
sorry guys look make sure everyone was
pretty tired she split off Brandon just
left Jake got like party favors
he got Romans bright bugs oh yeah Oh
suck it in your nose and blow it out of
your mouth or ordered the other way
around yeah so we got that and if you
saw his vlog Romans vlog the hologram
that he is in that's pretty cool yeah
dating videos gave us this hologram of
things obviously it's found that yeah I
got a week you know they have like
hologram YouTube videos we can do like
the butterfly and stuff it's actually
let's see if we can I want
see if I can pull up any of my phone but
let's see how this works okay and lights
out let's do this there we go oh look at
that
so cool it's the butterfly and then
little in midair oh it's just straight
back in what's coming out little blue on
please try to refocus there we go that
is super cool unfortunately this camera
has a little bit of hard time focusing
when it's that dark but it's pretty cool
it's super happy
poor thing
I love it when Harvey walks away on his
own and I'm like I know where he's going
he's gone right here you got right to
bed
buddy you're so good you're so good I
know I'm annoying but that sad dads are
supposed to be making noise Oh anyway
guys he has the right idea I should be
going to bed too I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog today and are you tight Oh
Scotty you try to hide that anyways
that's all I got so I'll see you guys
again soon
goodbye that's the whole case that have
came in check this baby out
oh yeah this is a 50 a Desert Eagle
watch my fingers there do not get that
in the it is empty it's brand-new it is
completely unloaded and safety check but
I'm not gonna touch trigger but this
thing is so huge like my hands don't do
not fit around the
