hey guys it's a new day today
and I am heading over right now I have
never been to Brandon's a new house that
he has and he got with him and Hannah
lived there and so I'm gonna head over
right now to go check it out to hang out
with him to see it it's about like 45
minutes from from my place in Santa
Monica but I'm gonna go he's been there
for about we can have two weeks now so
this will be the first time I see it and
yeah I don't even I don't know what it
looks like or what to expect or anything
but either way we're gonna hang out have
a good day like we always do oh my god I
being tackled
Nikita's gone crazy in here crazy Nikita
Brandon said he's joining me my room
yeah we set up a bedroom for you because
you know it's not that close to your
place so we figure if you want to come
here and stay here the painters just
left yeah and everything set up come on
let's show you the place
Nikita's gonna be beyond Pope oh you
getting jumped on okay ready yeah
okay sorry there's pillows and stuff
everywhere but this is my room yeah it's
very nice yeah
but I like the purple shades and purple
it's your room this is my room oh is
this what the Walter purple yeah oh they
are that's why I told you the painters
just left us you know once your feel at
home thank you yeah yeah you have lots
of pillows yep
can't you can't have enough pillows like
gloves there so I feel like I have a
girlfriend yeah yeah that's it Nikita's
for ya
we are heading now or actually joined by
Greg hi yeah we're and we're heading now
to go pick up a Brandon Brandon a
Brandon new firearm not for Brandon for
me brand new gun and I'm really excited
about this one
really Italy excited so we're heading
right now we're getting closer and I
can't wait to show you guys we just
picked it up I'll show you guys in a
little bit when I get back to my place
but now we are at a place called scales
and tails looking at like cool fishes
and he'll write your hobbies what's a
hug that's cool little frog but I like
this eels pretty cool
because my dad has two eels in this tank
I will live in an office
we're just looking around right now
anything else
where's the shark I'm literally under a
surf can you see fish Camille's - please
video please please guys over here who
are you I actually had a bearded dragon
when I was younger
mine grew to about this size it's a
pretty big can they ran over it was just
good no I didn't I didn't he once he
gets to his little ones I like all these
little ones we just got back right now
from all of our adventures at the store
and seeing all the animals stuff like
that and that's the whole case that it
came in check this a baby out
oh yeah this is a 50 AE Desert Eagle
watch my fingers there do not get that
in the it is empty it's brand-new it is
completely unloaded and safety check but
I was the lucky untouched trigger but
this thing is so huge like my hands
don't do not fit around this grip
yeah this is this is massive massive
massive super super cool the thing that
I thought was so funny about that is I
bought this and there's a 10-day waiting
period on it here in California on
anything but I bought this maybe two
days later I went like this but I meant
to two days later I look on Instagram
and you guys know that I love watching
demolition ranch in all of Matt's videos
two days later he showed his new gun the
exact same color scheme 50 AE everything
I thought that was super cool and I was
like that is super cool but at the same
time people are gonna be like wow you
got it cuz he got it but I did have to
wait the 10 days which started before he
got that gun these California 10-day
waiting for their waiting periods make
me feel like a copycat I don't care even
if he already had this and I saw it in a
video I'd be like I want that I get it
which is actually it actually happens a
lot I mean the only reason I have the
KSG is because I saw it in videos and I
was like I want that so I am super happy
this cannot wait to take this out
hopefully to the ranch or to the range
and put some rounds through it this is
the big boy this is a scary boy and this
is this is this would be fun yesterday I
had a friend over and unfortunately she
could not be blogged and I didn't want
to avoid her and just try to make a vlog
all around her so instead I just skipped
a vlog but I still made a clip yesterday
that I wanted to put in here of me I
wanted to do like a really cool
time-lapse type of thing of me putting
all the bottles into the bar there in
the bar it looks nice but it actually
this camera can't run for that I think
it only runs like 15 minutes or so at
that and that shuts itself off I didn't
notice how I don't know how long it's
been off
I haven't even watched that clip when I
finished putting everything on the cam
was off so here's what I what I did get
I've already shown you guys that I got
the new shelving for the for the liquor
but I have yet to put the liquor in the
shelving it is just sitting here on this
counter a whole lot of it
so much liquor anyway at some point it's
got to be put back on so I figured I
will put it on the shelves now
it is done it looks like a lot less
alcohol than I had in the last one
that's because these shelves are now 2
feet deep whereas the other one was
about a foot deep so now like I have
room like for example this is the
flavored vodkas over here and this is
not so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna put
any flavors here this leaves more room
for me to try other kinds of vodka to
put it in there
same with certain spaces like down here
these are all the non flavored rums and
then flavored rums start there so
there's little gaps so it having a lot
more room gives me so much space to make
this collection grow and with that being
said do you guys have any
recommendations of things I should try
let me know in the comments
so
bitches
okay we got it
thank you
there you go
good morning it is morning time now and
I feel fantastic I need to get up get
ready to take a shower start my day to
do something figure out something do
right buddy right little buddy you ready
to wake up you want to take a shower -
yeah do you need it he stinks well I'm
gonna get up so that no that's all I got
for you I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon
