hey guys it's a new day today look who's
here mr. mr. mr. Brandon Brandon Brandon
and Harvey I care about him I'd you
don't just an annoying he's not annoying
look what he's doing he's just hanging
out it just doesn't move he's been here
since ten o'clock this morning hasn't
moved him he has even do you see how sad
he looks at you're saying that right now
no he can't hear he's got too much what
crust is here oh yeah don't worry i love
you buddy so today we have well today
it's actually Jake's birthday he's at
work and we'll be doing stuff for his
birthday later on but there is something
that we have to prepare for Brendan I
actually got an audition that we have to
do together and it should be kind of
interesting what do you will you Jake's
birthday today oh baby birthday Jake we
have an audition we i do that's gonna be
either great for me or disgusting for me
and same for him so um that's I don't
know that's you guys will see exactly
what that is but beforehand I since
today's his birthday and I have not
gotten him a gift because I'm so last
minute I'm last minute Alex and I only
last a minute Alex I I have decided you
know what I'm gonna get him a I think
I'm just gonna get him a ps4 that's a
good gift right yeah you got me a hug
for my birthday that's two Brendan wants
to get him a game to go along with it as
his gift and so we're looking at all the
games right now I was saying maybe if we
do like cuz it comes the 1 i'm gonna get
comes with the system the cost i'm going
to get comes with the black ops 3 so I
said maybe even though I have grand
theft auto 5 maybe you should get
immigrant left out of 5 that way we
could play together because you can't do
like split screen or something in it so
I don't know what it that's 2k14 why
because it's for its for dot 49
what's gonna be good for four dollars
and 49 cents that's the way no no no no
no I'm not remember it's 499 I'll never
ever oh really yeah yeah we finished
shopping for his gift but now the
audition that Brendan I have to do part
of it involves winner getting pizza
loser getting something disgusting and i
will show you guys that a little but in
order to to get that we have to buy and
by the way this whole like audition
thing is not we're not coming up with
the pizza and whatever else they
literally told us what we have to do for
this so i will tell you guys as we go
through but right now we're buying stuff
at the supermarket because i don't have
the stuff we need i actually I we
remember while we were out I remember
while we were out that jake has been
trying to convince me to get a game that
he wants to play on my ps4 and so we're
thinking because we were initially gonna
give him the GTA 5 or if we didn't know
what to do so we this is the game that
he's been wanting to play so Brandon
went ahead and got him metal gear solid
5 the phantom pain not suitable for
children yeah and I have the black ops 3
edition of ps4 the ex lack ops 3 and
there's like the coolest gift in the
world and then you have to outdo me
that's it's a gift Brendan and I are
about to do the audition that I have to
do that we I could do it for both of us
so let's uh let's get to it today we're
going to be playing a simple game of
rock-paper-scissors winner gets a
delicious slice of pizza and the loser
turkey sandwich but it's blended that's
disgusting Rock Paper Scissors shoot it
shoot I didn't know it's you who plays
shoot everybody Rock Paper Scissors
shoot no I didn't just don't let alone
you get the sandwich I don't get this i
guess i guess the CNN was jim i get the
sandwiches I get it I can't okay Oh
turkey tomatoes pickles onion avocado
mustard okay okay later it is the main
expire it's only its number thirteen
dissever oh my god okay ah that's
disgusting oh no that's it that's it now
we put it in the quitter how is that how
is that even gonna blend that's not even
up liquid no no why would you do that
there's no coconut turkey sandwich then
will you use to wash it down to wash it
down yeah okay that's it it is very
moist enough no its moist
Cheers okay it's making the beats it
tastes worse I'm actually getting sick
right now just to Brandon said that if I
if I drank it he would taste a little
bit just a little bit just a shot right
oh I'm not doing a shot you did a chef
no I'm not doing shot perhaps no no
that's enough that's enough that's
enough maybe this is my internet just to
be on my end kicked out it is my enemy
Oh swallow swallow you read me get my
god oh my god I've been a few watching
you all of you oh I can't watch other
people do that Oh
I'm Alex Mandel I'm Brandon Sherman then
we're friends yes sometimes very looking
very often what's a highlight of our
friendship I I don't have any highlights
of our friendship remember that oh there
is one is there highlight of my
friendship with you when we were sitting
on the lounge chairs in the backyard
yeah and you were eating your sandwich
that we picked up for lunch no yes no
that's really that is the best one no it
is it yes he farts and looks at me and
goes oh no I was talking about our
friend who charted and I was like who
does that and i thought was trying to
fart to make a joke he ended up pooping
his pants I did okay and I didn't
believe him and he gets up and it shorts
and bends over it completely pulls his
pants down and Kelly bitch I there's
poop all over his butt and running down
his legs it was supposed to be a joke
and he kept eating a sandwich I couldn't
put it down and to finish it his legs
are spread wide open back towards me
like just dude he fallen on the ground
and I was like go clean up because I
have nowhere to put my sandwich and I
don't want to get my disc a Turkish my
sandwich right side fish I finished my
sandwich we were both in the same
fraternity which is how we met although
we weren't really in the fraternity at
the same time I was in it first and then
I went back to visit one time and he was
sitting on the couch giving me a look
and I thought he was giving me a dirty
look and I was like who is this
douchebag I hated you but I never even
talked to you I feel like you like me
hey dude other people in the fraternity
like you guys would you guys would have
so much fun hanging out with each other
because you guys always prank everyone
so I remember one time trying to pull a
prank on someone and he he give you
those why don't you do this and I was
like that's a good idea we became just
like prank kings and that's how our
friendship started and now it's kind of
become a war between each other
yeah this Mayo is expired goodbye I
think maybe the expired Mayo is what
made that tastes so putrid like normally
to blended turkey ouch it what it tasted
like health that was disgusting I can't
get the taste out of my mouth happy
birthday Jake when I wasn't actually I
just told him to cover space because it
might hurt they were not shooting you
they think I put it in the drawer but
yours I just want you to know I wrap
this myself which I really have to read
the card first Oh on paper towel oh oh
you actually broke in yours the car
bounty bounty quicker picker pop hmm
ever the Jake I love you created what
are you two holding hands like this
that's holding stumps together yeah yeah
our fingers are long stump to stump are
you guys kiss each other what well it
was only rapping we had it surprise you
a tracking little food Christmas oh
hello I figured you can play it here
whatever super down what is it it is I
heard this game was tonight across some
thank you was a good one yeahhh mister
well geez renuzit turtles again yeah you
didn't write anything else huh I didn't
I know he did
oh it doesn't get wrapping just tear it
whoa well you need a system dwyer game
on and I figured you can also use it for
like Nev ladies and stuff and so sucking
your days there's a PS boyfriend oh my
god are you just wondering why you were
gonna get a gift that was you gonna have
to play here thanks guys of course this
comes with call of duty black ops 3 as
well yeah kidding me it's the black ops
3 edition such a ballroom but now we
should get some sushi yeah yeah let's
get sushi earlier today i forgot my
battery at at home so I couldn't vlog
him and I got to my battery and
everything now we're at the restaurant
and I forgot my card and so i can't i'm
using my iphone i'm not just gonna say
I'm not gonna do it so we're I phone
vlogging I'm actually I don't think I've
ever done this but that's why if it
looks different we're on my iPhone hey
Hannah
he died happy birthday Jake honey burst
music its way I'm missing I'm missing
there's my hand Cheers shoot it really
fast
you can sip on it you want to oh that's
good that's good yeah that's really good
song
this sucks good happy birthday i will
now i got my phone working yeah oh
nothing alike happy boo i actually
really did not like using my iphone i'm
so used to this and iphone is like super
close up and it's it's just it's tough
i'm sure that it's a great option if i
don't have a camera but it was just like
they couldn't get the the front-facing
camera was great but the other camp
which is supposedly better wasn't
picking up enough light and it was just
kind of fuzzy oh but anyway i'm having
to be back so that i could at least end
this vlog on this cameras i hope you
guys enjoyed watching today's vlog I
hoping you gotta had fun watching that
audition I wonder you guys always wonder
like what is now other auditions are not
ever like that that was the worst
tasting audition I've ever done that's
not typically how they go and they're
normally very secret but that one I
thought was just so much fun that it was
something that you guys would enjoy um I
wasn't gonna put the last part of brain
and I talking but it was funny stories
and it was good time so if you guys
enjoyed that let me know and thank you
guys so much for watching and supporting
and showing some love and on that note
I'm gonna go to bed so I will see you
guys again soon goodbye hi cherish it's
my turn to go first hello Brandon brain
is here now to here to watch you guys
eat hers and you're getting your ears
are stressed around your hairs cuts ok
let's do
