hey guys it's a new day today good
morning mr. Harvey he's happy he just
went on a walk he went on a walk he got
his food he went poop I'm always so
happy after I boobs so I know how he's
feeling you're just loving life right
now uh yeah anyway I'm just waiting on
Jake to get up he forgot to set his
alarm and this morning we are going to
get a haircut him and I are going and
also brandon is meeting us to go to meet
up with cherish so she can cut her hair
and we're supposed to leave like almost
ten minutes ago that's okay I mean it's
it's Saturday it's expected so i'm just
waiting on him without will head up Jake
Jake
I could hear him we going yep yep yep
good morning good honey do you forget to
set your alarm yeah yeah I almost did
too and I was like I wonder if Jason
reverses I'm your alarm yes exactly well
that's good tape but it's as fuzzy it's
not a mustache it's a win / eyebrows
bushy eyebrows hi cherish it's my turn
to go first hello Brandon brain is here
down to here to watch you guys rehearse
and you're getting your you're so
stressed around your hairs cuts okay
let's do this I'm all done looks good i
mean i don't have any like hair product
stuff in there's just this is like dry
sexiness oh I have hairs on my arms I'm
gonna put this in your in your hair pile
that is some dark hair right there looks
almost black I'll have black hairs but
then I remember last time I got a
haircut some of you guys commented you
were like she can't do a fade for shit
what they said but what do I tell you
how time don't ya that's cuz i literally
say i don't i don't want to fade it i
like it kind of just like a like a very
intense like short to just hair antop
short to hair who's next me your next
check your text i'm back at my place now
actually the apartment below and i
walked back into not now they're they're
filming something in here look it's all
well today is Super Bowl in case you
guys know in case you guys aren't from
the US or you are it's super bowl and if
you want to know how to make some cool
snacks and stuff for it you're putting
up this this video actually went up
yesterday cuz you're putting it up today
right so you can
Michelle yeah yeah you could you could
do that it's on her channel on life with
Jackie and here's here's like stuff that
they made it's like rice krispie treats
and brownies and caramel apples and
chocolate apples and dip for chips looks
good
Oh
Alex water
I don't know what these shots are
morning good morning oh there you are
you just enjoy breakfast did you eat law
is it gone yay oh I see one there's one
in there you get it thank you can't
believe he missed it he's usually really
good about clearing the whole thing huh
okay well today is Sunday today it's
super bowl so wish you guys great Super
Bowl Sunday because obviously this is up
today on Super Bowl Sunday for those
either the u.s. still a good Super Bowl
Sunday just doesn't mean the same thing
to you but you could still use it as an
American excuse for you to go and drink
and then Oh watch whatever sport you
want you don't have to watch american
football but on that note that is all I
got for you for today and I'll see you
guys good soon good bye it's like an
awesome party trick that you guys
shouldn't try because I didn't tell you
guys to try it I'm just showing you how
I didn't do this at home yeah do it but
it is it is visible so before it goes
out I'm hiding this and I pretend I'm
going to dip my fingers in whoa
