hey guys it's a new day today we have
mr. Seth what dr. Kyle here hey there hi
we have a question what why did you take
measure have a little mark in the 4-inch
spot for those of you that have seen a
vlog a while ago about my package thief
where I tried I attempted to track down
the thief using a GPS tracker and was
unsuccessful I now have another tracker
and I am not having packages stolen but
in the past I have had a bike stolen out
here as well as packages and everything
else so today we're doing a video that I
think is gonna be pretty fun we have
this bike here we're gonna remove the
seat so that we can mount the tracker to
this bike we're using
industrial-strength velcro on the back
of the track we want to mount it to this
although the seat has these ridges so we
are cutting out the ridges down here so
that we can it'll be flush when we try
to stick it now this fits flush against
the seat so I can go ahead and
reassemble it here's the bike looks all
brand new and shiny and then our secret
GPS tracker oh yeah yeah okay let's head
down to where a lot of people are and
get this bike stolen I can't believe you
had to carry this all the way here if
only there were an easier way to
transport this
good right by the beach we're good
now you know we get to do catch people
well we get to go get drinks first oh
yeah get drunk and wait here is the bike
on the map and it's currently at Ocean
and Broadway now we just gotta wait it's
getting later and the bike is still
there we were in a very populated area
and no one wouldn't even go near because
they thought that someone was keeping an
eye on it they didn't know whose it
would be if it was someone standing
right by so we took it to a little bit
of a less populated area and just
dropped it off we're setting Kyle as our
decoy because he's sketchy is just
sketchy Kyle looks
we're currently losing light and we
don't want so to take it and have to
follow someone in the dark so we'll
probably do another like 10 15 minutes
then we'll call it let's try it another
day this right here is the problem with
still being a real youtuber actually do
things for real and sometimes it doesn't
work out and one it doesn't work out you
don't got a block and when you don't get
a vlog you got to do it the next day
when you do the next day it's not even
guaranteed that the Bible we stole the
next day so we're out here giving you
guys a cool blog we're hoping but it
sucks because nobody's taking the bike
and that's the problem with being real
we are into the next day that we're
trying this and it's we haven't had luck
but what we're gonna do is we've been
putting in populated areas we're
actually gonna try it in an alleyway
this time hoping that because it has a
little bit of foot traffic and someone
might walk through and I think it's
easier cuz no one else is watching we're
just gonna lean it up against here we're
just in the alleyway here I think
there's good we placed it about four
minutes ago it is there in the alleyway
and now we just wait we hit this camera
so that we can try to get a shot of it
and we're just gonna let this record and
then keep our distance
I got the notification on my phone that
the bike was moving and I didn't know if
it's just the app or something we came
back here bike is gone it's time to
track it he says he's currently at the
7th and Broadway the last track moving
two miles an hour so not going too fast
and we're gonna head down that way
apparently he's only like a block and a
half way according to this he's only
going one mile an hour or he stopped and
he's either selling the bike in REI or
it is somewhere around here
come other skaters alibies event
we gotta be careful with a bunch of
other people
I think so okay let's get the other
camera ready we think we see it wouldn't
pull out that camera and I'm gonna
approach like it's an interview and ask
him just a few questions to sketch it
here's the thing we try to get this bike
stolen for days now that it's we're all
bummed out we can get stolen now that
it's finally stolen I'm not gonna lie
I'm kind of scared me
April we're doing that just interviews
like people in the area and say that I
was wondering if you'd be interested in
just answering a few questions I've
lived out you know I look down Santa Mon
yeah how do you feel about like someone
stealing a bike yo man that's messed up
man you can't take something that's not
yours you know I totally I totally agree
I actually I'm this bike right here this
is stolen what are you talking about
ma'am Austin is for my friend uh who's
your who's your friend my buddy right
over there he's like eating right in the
corner man I'm just like you know
looking out for him don't accuse me of
doing shit I didn't do I hate I didn't I
didn't I didn't accuse you of anything
I'm just saying this bike is stolen
I'm just watching this for my friend
alright my friends over there I'll show
I'll show a show show me your friend I
want to see because we have a video this
is actually this is our bike though hey
no that's fine we got the bike we got
the bike we got the bike just leave it
just leave it yeah just leave it we got
that we had the bike back
I'm so happy that it turned out the way
it did I know a lot of you probably
wanted us to chase him but in reality
like what are we gonna do if we catch
him we're not gonna kick his ass I don't
want to call the police on him this is
more just like a fun experiment for us
and if anything he might tell his
friends or at least he'll be scared to
take another one because there might be
another one that's trapped but we don't
know if you had like an eye for maize
that's true I was like for our own
protection
- it's like now that he's all stressed
out and knows you've been caught like he
could be more dangerous and react more
than you did yeah you know with just
there's three of us guys pinning him in
the let me know if you like this and
we'll keep it as like a continuing thing
either with the bike or find other
things like maybe a skateboard maybe sir
I don't know I don't know how we detach
to try to escape
we'll figure it out but if you guys like
this let me know I'm really happy word
cuz I really thought this was gonna be a
bell and well that's all we got we'll
put a tracker on Andrea
Tijuana perfect and on that note we will
see you guys again soon goodbye
