hey guys it's a new day today
and hello mr. Ari if you guys have ever
seen
we of course you guys have seen my bar
collection where I keep all my alcohol
that is gone not the alcohol just the
the bar so I had to take all of my
liquor out walk up the stairs so I can
show you all of it and I had to put it
all right here
so that I could show you everything and
that's that's not really I mean that's
everything that was in the rack there's
still a good amount I'm like kind of
backed up on replenishing certain
bottles like not all my bottles are
there I got to go back to like demo or
some sort of place to pick up more
bottles
I know my guy like I need more but I do
because unfortunately the ones I need to
replenish are usually the most common
because those the ones that are used for
those cocktails they make or that when
people come over they use those check
out my you know if you know my old
shells it just was like this black rack
with particle board and it was supposed
to hold a lot but it was dipping on all
the shelves and it was I was you know
really hoping it would not smash through
the shelves at some point like I thought
I was just going to crack and break or
if anything spilled on it or bottle
broke or something and that wet that
shelf it wouldn't be good as soon as
it's soaked through it would have just
smashed through broke all these bottles
so check out this new one this new one
is really cool of course gonna look much
cooler once it has on the bottles on it
but it is all metal these shelves they
don't look like they're they're shiny
they're actually very shiny and very
nice but these covers on them are rubber
so it doesn't slip because the cool
thing about this rack now is it wheels
it wheels very easily oh I'm gonna knock
things over anyway and these now these
tension ones these ones this one looks
loose because it's actually
so I can unhook it anyway so I can
unhook it so that I could pull bottles
out but this this is now much bigger
than the one I had these are like
two-foot shelves but it'll fit this so I
could actually put more and I'll be able
to wheel this out when I make drink
videos and be able to put it anywhere in
the apartment or apartment down below or
wherever so this would be really cool
Jake
taking off our shoes oh okay
power oh no oh yeah it's good um I don't
know what to do
aw no oh intensity high now it's
grabbing the hell out of my feet
Oh My gods grabbing everything please
there if I lift up right now
oh my god no like that's stuck
I literally trapped well you looking at
G my bedtime toy some cordless personal
massagers he didn't want even with the
little one now that's a travel one just
a channel this is oh my god he just like
stroked it
hey hey he was just making sure it was
on making sure is on vibrate
is it good yeah sing
swales squiggle cheek give it to it give
it to me Super Mario wait
well Express false impress oh then you
feel that I like really goes whoa
it's really going okay oh you could like
pick Maxim I don't know how to turn it
off JQ g how you turn it up it never
goes off no Suzy while we were looking
at the personal massagers I he was
actually you were picking out a personal
massager right but not for you
you said you were shopping for your was
your mother yeah yeah her birthday is
coming up she doesn't know which one the
little pink one right now yeah he likes
the blue one I got it I got one now he
actually came up because he recognized
me actually from Romans blog didn't even
know that I have this so now you should
certain I have a blog - it's just Alex
Mandel vlog you're on it this is
tomorrow's yes you should watch it
tomorrow but yeah good meeting you man
your package stolen yeah the the one
where we tried to track him but it
failed maybe we'll try again he's just
scared he hasn't stolen anything since
Jake just said Jake
decided to try a new like ice cream
place here in Samael creams and dreams
I scream
the ice cream is actually just a cream
and then they make it freeze it right
here and everything I see a tank back
there like nitrogen so they're doing it
right here I'll show you the actual
process when they're making mine I
ordered a cookie cream and he's gonna
make it right now
I'll show you guys as it's being made
cookies-and-cream babe
first we had to cook
and goes liquid
Oh
Oh
much yeah
fresh cookies and cream it's really good
I just tried it here's mine
my coffee is nitrogen infused yeah it's
nitro infused coffee as well so they I
guess they put the liquid nitrogen into
cool coffee I don't know what they do
committed scream is nitrogen coffees
nature's yeah that's good
it's a cool place I'm about to show you
guys an epically cool trick
that you guys can do it doesn't have to
be with a cocktail or with a drink it's
actually really cool if you guys go to a
birthday party and they have some sort
of torch or like I mean like a tiki
torch or there's just fire somewhere
like preferably a big flame because it's
more impressive but I'm gonna teach you
guys you should not try this at home do
not try it I'm just showing you how I do
it I need to say that do not do not do
this but if someone were to do this this
is how you do it I'm not going to show
you how I'm just going to show you what
it looks like first and then I will show
you how so I have right here a shot
glass a metal shot glass because I'm
gonna light it on fire it's Everclear in
there and because I'm gonna be talking a
little bit if it's glass and it gets too
hot it'll shatter so I'm using a metal
one you don't have to use a metal one
because you could do this pretty quick
but you do with anything it's on fire
check this out
there we go can you see the fire oh yeah
okay alright so now all I do is I'm
gonna watch my hands ready and
and maybe sound like a little bit of
smoke came out of my mouth now I'll show
you guys how to do that you go out and
you buy yourself some cotton balls they
don't have to be jumbo this just the
only one I found actually shouldn't be
jumbo this shouldn't just be regular
cotton balls but the one thing that's
really really really important about
this is that it's 100% cotton if it has
any synthetics in it once you do this
you'll have melted synthetics on your
tongue and that's really bad by the way
I was pretty scared try this but here's
the thing
so with this cotton ball I only want
like a little piece of it maybe maybe a
little bit bigger than that but it's a
caddy with this the the fuzzier is a
better how it's all like frilly and
stuff like that because then it actually
lights really fast for the purposes of
this I am NOT going to like the shot
glass on which can use a lighter cotton
the second it touches that these little
like frills stuff the second it touches
it lights on fire when it lights you
have a little bit of time I would keep
it like this you'll see it's cotton I
did it kind of bad because I haven't
really practiced I just learned how to
do this but normally you hide it in your
hand like reach for a torch or something
and be like look guys then put in your
mouth like when you put it in your mouth
your tongue the cotton is not hot enough
and not burning enough to like keep
burning the second it touches your
tongue and it's wet it goes out you
close your mouth on it
and make sure you kind of like move the
cotton aside so you could talk or you
could chew anyway so this is how you do
it like the lighter as soon as touches
I'm going to wave around so you can't
really see it's a cotton ball and then
just throw it in my mouth so it's as
easy as that it's watch this so lights
the little smoke get the cotton to the
side before you talk to people so you
don't like the bit like I did before and
I could talk to you and be like yeah I
did it you actually saw people can see
like a little bit of smoke come out of
your mouth and I think go ahead and take
off cut or spit up next to you whatever
if you're outside but it's it's actually
really easy to do and it's the easiest
way you can possibly eat fire and it's
it's not that hot on your hands and
really easy in your mouth it's really
cool Jake's never tried this before so
he's going to give it a go
so just light the lighter and then
you'll just touch it to the fire it'll
already light wave it around a little
and just toss it right into your put it
right into your mouth I know it's scary
but it's you see it's really cool
go now blot it's cool right it's like so
easy
I seriously if you just bring like
cotton ball to a party it's like an
awesome party trick that you guys
shouldn't try because I didn't tell you
guys to try it I'm just showing you how
I didn't do this at home yeah do it but
it is it is was cool
so before it goes out I'm hiding this
and I pretend I'm going to get my
fingers in whoa
Jake and I decided to go out to some
bars and I was going to vlog in there
and seriously we couldn't even move we
were like sardines and
it was just there's a lot of people
pouring out right now we're in Venice
and we're not waiting for an uber to go
home not it was it was it was fun I
enjoyed my do you enjoy yourself is that
ours entertaining
seven yeah that's alright there are
rumors here time to go home now that I'm
back at the apartment I want to say hi
to my little friend
got a big friend mr. Harvey each I watch
TV TV's not on buddy
you wanted me to turn the TV on for you
ah come here come here he's he's trying
to cuddle you cool - you will cool - fat
boy
Hey look hey hey hi hey hi hari hari
look what is that lip quiver what are
you doing
please doing what is that okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and
that's it that's all I'm not drunk I'm
not wasted I'm not anything except tired
now I just feel like going to bed I got
to wake up a little bit early tomorrow
cuz Jake and I are going to go meet up
with cherish to get our haircuts
I think Brandon's joyous - he's never
gotten a haircut from cherish but he
wants some I mean he needs a haircut he
wants a haircuts he's gonna come with us
but you guys will see that another look
so without dragging this on too much
longer let's just let's just end it
let's just end it okay I'll see you guys
can soon good bye oh my god
of course it would be like internet
famous
yeah
