hey guys hopefully it's not super crazy
terrible windy i have my windscreens on
here so hopefully that helps but it is
so windy that there are things blowing
everywhere check this out it was just
storming oh wow look at this let's go
look that looks terrible check this out
stuff blue everywhere
oh my god
like internet yeah oh no
that's terrible sometime
the wind has died down a lot now but
just to show you like even up here this
is all torn down at or out of the pole
right there that completely tore off of
the cord so this here let me show you
this is not light this has like steel
cable in it that was like actually
mounted into there and it tore out of
the pipe like a little hole up there see
ya hold it right out huh all of these
were open everything these are all the
pillows and all the stuff that was all
around here not mean look I'm I'm saying
that this all happened up here but I
would still be pretty pissed if a tree
fell on my car either way it was pretty
windy today there was like stray
umbrellas flying across street like
we're walking and there's like umbrellas
that don't have handles on them anymore
like it like they got ripped out and the
umbrellas just flew away from people
like I'm talking about more than one
maybe two maybe even two hurry as he's
getting scared of the Fallen thing it's
just it broke okay it's always up there
Harvey Oh
my sister's house right now and she's
actually doing a really cool video that
she's gonna be releasing I think it's
probably up today Ivan oh I don't know
we'll see the goal is is is its up right
now so there might be a link in the
description i'll let you know later in
the blog if it's actually fully of a
description but yeah what she's doing is
super bowls coming up on Sunday Super
Bowl Sunday and so she is doing her own
version of Super Bowl she's doing baby
super bowl it's all she is all good
suresies and everything's that's for the
rappers this will be see you guys really
enjoys i'll give you guys little sneak
peeks and then keep you guys updated on
if there's a link but you guys could
just go out and see if there's only got
it up we'll see I will let you know for
sure though I'll ok but there's all them
up in the background 91 okay roll it is
right here Rohan's right Roland really
want this one he's paid nanny to 30 whoa
here let's go in your arms out
my sister's never used premiere pro so I
decided to let hurt edit it premier it's
double the amount of time then if Alex
just edited it but it is your video and
it's good if she learns i'm not saying
like you have to do this obviously any
time where i need to jump in and help
with like a tool or effect i do that but
it is a good it's good knowledge to know
how to edit and it's not that hard right
I have to get used to it yeah but it's
coming out good and it's looking good so
far so I think that I think that it's
gonna be a great video oh is that one
scary sound scary my parents are here
now my dad is recording the commentary
over the baby Super Bowl video they're
doing that over there oh and we're just
hanging out I'm just try i'm getting
entertained by this little one could I
have that thank you she's been getting
me stuff and bringing it to me like for
an hour now okay that too cool thank you
it is now ten o'clock p.m. oh I be
sleeping it is now ten o'clock Pam and
we are now exporting her video finally
so it is you guys should go down the
description and click on that link
because it isn't there now I know that
because we're exporting so go over there
check out the video let me know what you
think and you should also subscribe to
let her know what you think about the
video because she worked really hard at
it she don't learn how to edit well you
did you cut up most the stuff yeah I
feel bad though I glad that you came
over here and get all this work for me
and it's on my channel no that's that's
fine I want your channel to do well
thank you and that's why you guys should
go over there and make sure her channel
as well they're finally taking care of
that tree situation with the car you can
see it through my window here they're
finally we hear a chain saws and stuff
here let's just open this boom
you
taking away pieces that they cut off hi
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and remember be sure to go down
to that description and check out the
baby Super Bowl video that we made and
all my sisters channel and that's it all
I got it's on that note I will see you
guys again soon dubai i'm going to go
ahead and put this camera up closer so
you guys can get a close shot of me
hitting the round
that was really loud
