hey guys it's a new day today
and we're gonna have ourselves a good
day it's it's a Saturday
Harvey's already relaxing on his lawn
chair yeah
he literally just like goes up there
sits there I don't know why he chooses
to actually sit on a chair he's
ridiculous most dogs will go lay on the
grass or land something but he wants to
chill on his chair you can do that buddy
that's fine
I have no problem with that whatever you
want
you get yeah well anyway we're gonna
have ourself a good day like we always
do I watch a lot of channels on YouTube
specifically a good amount of gun
channels but I have like one favorite
gun channel that I that I watch and
those of you that follow me on Twitter
already know this because I've talked
about it in the past but my like
ultimate favorite gun channel I've
watched so many videos and continue to
watch videos is demolition ranch I
absolutely love demolition ranch and
I've watched that Channel and I'm like I
wish I could be a part of that Channel
it just looks like so much fun it's it's
because it's honestly the perfect gun
channel in my mind in the sense for me
at least because you could watch you
know I love like Hickok 45 and stuff
like that and he's very very informative
like if I want to if I'm thinking about
buying a gun I probably watch Hickok 45
just thinking about you know he's
probably reviewed it or something like
that but when I want to watch something
that has the perfect mix of cool funny
and informative
that's what Demolition ranch has because
he does crazy things that I would be a
little bit afraid to do and he also does
he's very informative with what he's
doing there's some people that are just
so stupid they do things that like
they're gonna get hurt and then there
are other people that are just so
informative that it's like sitting in a
lecture he has the perfect mix of like
it's fun to watch and if you're not a
gun person you watch you'll learn a lot
about guns too so with that being said
my little fanboy tribute to demolition
ranch I watched one of his videos that
he did where he put 22 caliber bullets
into like a straw from like McDonald's
there's something just to see if he
could throw because it's it's heavy at
that point if he threw them if they
would go off when they hit the ground
and they did and I don't that's that's
pretty dangerous I he has like four and
a quarter more balls than I do because
I'd be afraid of that 22 bullets going
somewhere obviously it doesn't have the
compression or anything to actually come
back and kill me but regardless I wanted
to try that I wanted to do something
that he did but I am at Home Depot right
now and I'm gonna try to do it a little
bit safer whereas in Home Depot they
actually sell 22 caliber blanks for nail
guns cuz nail guns you can buy pneumatic
ones whatever or you could put they sell
22 caliber blanks that you hit and
they'll shoot a nail into the ground or
concrete so I'm gonna see if I can do
the same thing with that I don't know if
it's gonna work out or if it's whatever
but I want to I want to give this shot
see they have these like nail gun things
that actually look like it would shoot
something but does shoot a nail and then
they have these 22 caliber blanks at
different power levels one through one
through five so this one I'll probably
take and it's like seven bucks for a
hundred this is a level two and this is
a level four I'm not getting the 27
caliber so I'm probably gonna take a box
or two and a box of four we could try
different try different powers but I
think I hope that it fits the same way
if not we'll figure out a way to make it
work but this should be cool now we're
gonna head into McDonald's and to make
thunder thighs so that we can pick
ourselves up some straws from here I
want to go on the inside or else would
be kind of weird to go to the drive-thru
and be like hey can I have a handful of
straws so instead I'm gonna go inside
and get a handful of straws I grabbed a
small handful of the McDonald's straws
and you want to grab him I realize that
they were McDonald's makes really wide
straws like these are big like I could I
could
fit my Jewish baby maker in there and
a.22 would just fall down the straw so I
actually just stopped right now at CVS
and picked up these which are pretty
small so I'm gonna have to probably jam
them in there but at least we got
something here so we'll make it work
okay we're at my parents place I'm here
at Brandon he's wearing eyes and ears
why does whenever you do anything this
is probably you know not that dangerous
we are using blanks it is legal we're
not firing any live ammunition or firing
out of any firearm but safety so I
protection and these are still 22s and
they're not subsonic ammo or anything
like that or just primarily ammo so your
protection because it is it could be a
little bit loud and then let's get let's
get to it because safety is number one
priority that's it like an ode to crazy
Russian hacker whatever okay let's get
to it I have been playing around with my
little pellet gun as well that's just
it's totally air-powered pellet gun
sorry if I'm talking loud I have
earplugs in so have my pellets here but
that's aside I also have so these 22
caliber blanks these ones are the more
powerful ones
the yellow tips it's right here so you
can see them anyway it's not focusing so
we take these and the ends of them fit
perfectly into the straw like that
now when you throw them because they're
front heavy they land flat and hopefully
they go off like in Matt's video so
let's try it okay
and
damnit you try damn the straw has that
like bendy thing in it you know whatever
so I think it's not making it fly
straight he cut his off in the video so
I'm gonna go ahead and cut mine off and
hopefully that will work here let's toss
this so we could make it go hi oh right
here you got yours
nothing maybe it's because this ground
is so full do you want try it down the
street okay we're gonna try it down on
the street where it's more like gravelly
maybe it can actually set it off I don't
know let's see we're gonna walk down
there on a sidenote
I apologize about the light going away
we are doing this a little bit later I
was waiting on Brandon it's not his
fault he's in a new place right now and
so he had to wait for his furniture to
get delivered he had to be able to sign
it so it took a little bit longer so we
lost some light but hopefully if this
goes off you still hear it anyway so
let's let's see if it works down here
okay go for it
that was hide it didn't do anything
straight down I might ride this one
honestly like we are throwing them
higher than he did in the video and it's
not working
tries just slamming it on the ground low
your eyeglasses yeah now try slamming it
nothing so that seemed like an epic fail
that these wouldn't go off I've been
trying to think of it maybe him using
maybe Matt using live like not hit him
not using blanks I think maybe it
weighted it more because it has the lead
bullet I don't know also I noticed that
these have like a weird crimp in it and
it only goes like halfway down so they
can't go all the way in the straw I
don't know I really know what the
problem is if any of you guys know or if
better yet somehow we get Matt to answer
I don't know but it's not working and
sometimes I think he's done stuff for
other people done like videos that fail
obviously people have done videos of
fail I'm not gonna throw away this vlog
because that would be terrible so don't
get mad at me for telling you I'm gonna
do something it doesn't happen cuz I was
hoping it would happen but I'm not gonna
leave you guys hanging since we have the
Pelican
on that we have a little bit of light
left let's just go ahead set them up on
a target and we can set them off by
shooting the back of them let's shoot
them I have one of the blanks and this
board here so I'm just gonna take this
tape it
so just try to shoot the back hopefully
I could see it if it's not too dark to
make sure we have enough light we got
his truck here aimed at the board so we
could see it so hopefully this will make
it easier a little up now this pellet
gun says that it shoots that it fires at
a thousand frames person frames I would
film it thousand feet per second so it
still is pretty powerful maybe I'm just
a little bit slower than an actual 22 so
let's go ahead and set off this 22
nice whoo
I'm gonna go ahead and put this camera
up closer so you guys can get a close
shot of me hitting the route
I'm sorry that that didn't work out you
know with the dart but I hope you guys
still enjoy it shooting this 22 does it
make some fun targets to shoot at wow
that is cool I'm back in my place now
and it's my friend Kimmy's a shit well
shit was already her birthday
on the 27th but she's having her like
she's going out to bars and stuff out
here tonight so Jake and I are gonna go
join her and her friends to go out and
celebrate drink and hang out and yeah
and I know that a lot of you guys are
gonna ask about talking back what we
were talking about before about what
specific video I'm talking about for the
demolition ranch video that link is in
the description below obviously you know
I only tried that because of his videos
I got I credit him as much as possible
on that that it's the video so go down
there
because we're gonna show him some love
I've never met him never talked to him
but I love his videos so go check it out
Jake and I are starting the night off
right right which is beer and a cup of
coffee that's not usually a because we
just happen to be drinking beer with
dinner and then the manners of a cup of
coffee so we could be up and awake and
party friendly so that we can get work
or at least like we were in your white
girl wasted
check out my this mug it's our for
Remington we're at the hotel where Kimmy
stay and has her room with all her
friends but we decided to come and I
want to show Jake the pool area they
have here he's had never seen it since
that new one this is clear at the Loews
Hotel in Santa Monica is rated in one of
the top ten pool areas in LA so if you
guys ever want to stay in Santa Monica
Lowe's is a good choice I can't really
see it now but that is all ocean because
that's the pier literally and you could
see that all the chairs rather than
facing the pool they all face this way
because they're all facing the ocean yet
really romantic I know
knees all revealing change colors and
stuff like that they've got cool stuff
but the jacuzzi over there but this is
like super sick and then you can come
here at night even if you don't stay
here and they have fire pits you can
order food and drinks at at night that's
just like you guys can't see it on the
camera but it is all ocean over there so
it has like one of the best views out
here for a pool area for for just an
area out here since at the Loews Hotel
in Santa Monica you guys should check it
out well I just woke up I know I didn't
show you guys much last night and that's
not because I didn't vlog much I mean
well obviously if you didn't see it I
didn't clog it but what I mean is we
were gonna go out and do those stuff for
her birthday and her friends wanted to
grab like a drink somewhere and then
they just decided not to go out to bars
and go drinking it didn't make sense I
didn't understand I mean we still it was
good to go say hi and happy birthday and
stuff like that but then they wanted to
go right back to the hotel they got and
then we came back here and just watched
some TV and had the rest of EXO not to
not super eventful so I didn't vlog do
that but I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog on weight and I think this was a
good one I enjoyed it I will see you
guys again soon goodbye
Oh
