hey guys it's a new day today
and there's a lot of stuff in my
apartment not only this stuff from all
the stuff we're redoing but we're
getting all a bunch of new stuff look at
all these boxes we had an apartment in
Toronto and we don't have it anymore and
a lot of the stuff that was there is not
going to be moved into this apartment so
we're gonna filter through all these
boxes my dad's coming over right now
we're gonna try to look through some
stuff and see we want to keep in here
what we don't want to keep and kind of
just do in like a full facelift makeover
in this apartment just unpacking about
this stuff from Toronto yeah I just told
them from Tirana yeah let's get this
stuff in the kitchen
cousin foot why would you pack this in
there just from Canada but this is this
is plastic spoons and forks
they're Canadian Canadian pack crap
Ultra these are ultra strong these are
okay that will keep these then that's
good good see see what'd I tell you
we're getting great stuff we're slowly
cutting away at all these boxes and
changing out everything I'm blogging but
in Toronto we had bringing my phone over
to Toronto my the service would be
really expensive and it you can get it
special like plan with an international
plan so that you don't need to spend
crazy mail but instead doing that we
also got a plan in Toronto so we had an
iPhone their case wanted to make calls
so they were like local cause something
dad not calling like for my whole family
all my relatives live there this was the
the phone that we had there were
charging it now you know anyways this is
the very first iPhone
there's my 55th six plus six plus next
to the original but it still works I
just got a call from Hanna a friend of
mine she's also Brandon's girlfriend so
you guys know who I'm talking about um
she called me and she's gonna have to go
to something for work or whatever it is
down the street tomorrow down street
from here and she lives pretty far away
and she's gonna have to go there really
early so she asked with Brandon's
permission of course if she can come
here and spend the night here so that
she could just wake up and go there and
not have to do a huge Drive wake up
super early tomorrow so I think this is
the first time hand is going to come
sleep here and Brandon's not coming so
she should be here pretty soon I think
she's gonna come right now and then I
guess we're just gonna have like a we're
gonna have we're gonna have a slumber
party I'm having a slumber party with
someone else's girlfriend Hannah's
coming up right now I think she be here
in a second
hello where's Brandon are you excited I
am excited so where am I saying you are
staying in that room you have you
brought a whole suitcase and you have
like fun stuff for our slumber party
maybe okay well we're gonna have fun
slumber party I don't really know what's
what we're gonna end up doing it for
tonight or you know and are you why are
you in my room setting stuff up for what
what in my room yeah I'm sorry was I
don't speed you witness I was like
getting ready for her you know
together this with all this oh okay
well I guess this is these are all these
all the essentials for stuff right
yeah
Oh
all right
oh yeah
hey what's up not much would you guys
joke
this is hanging out not really doing
much okay I just wanted to call again
and say thank you again for having an
estate over tonight he apologized I
couldn't make it down there just don't
work early in the morning but I just
want to say thanks yeah no problem man
this is we're just you know hanging out
watching TV all right well I'll call you
in just a few okay sounds good
all right I'll talk sure there anybody
but yeah thank you so much for having me
Alex this was so much fun we should do
this again I'm the best girls night ever
best girls night I did too
I look so fine I mean we could do it
again honestly I feel like you know
sometimes I can relate to you more than
I can oh that's a couple of is really
really you can relate to girls more
thank you you are welcome you're welcome
I'm gonna go into my room okay I got bad
okay thank you so much so so fun it was
fun okay good night night
don't I look beautiful okay well that's
all I got for you for today that was an
interesting vlog I know that it is now
3:30 in the morning and it's time for me
to go to bed and I hear someone else
sleeping you're sleeping you're sleeping
you just slept through that whole time
didn't you such a lazy boy
okay well I'm super tired I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I will see you
guys again soon
goodbye I don't know I'm wondering if
it's if it's I'll pick that up in a
second I'm wondering if it's time to say
goodbye because I don't know I just
think it's time to go it might be time
to move on you just have to know when
the right time is
