hey guys it's a new day today oh hello
hello do you just get a good drink of
water yeah yeah that's good it was
thirsty we're gonna start off the day
right by starting it cuz if you don't
start the day off right you can't start
it today it's gonna be a good day like
always I'm with my buddy Greg are you
gonna go up your thumbs up I don't know
if I mean I'm now moving in on you you
know I am it's hard to I'm keeping my
eyes on the road here um yeah anyway I
am as you guys know I've said it a
little bit in my in my blogs that slowly
you know I Drive I love this range rover
it's it's amazing but it is getting
older it's an 08 so it's like eight
years old and I could do math and slowly
it's not breaking down but slowly things
are like you know taking its toll as a
car gets older as it should so it's just
I don't know I'm wondering if it's if
it's i'll pick that up in a second i'm
wondering if it's time to say goodbye
because
I don't know I just think it's time to
go might be time to move on you just
have to know when the right time and its
ability I'll be here yeah yeah we're
pulling up to a dealership right now to
go look at some cars I'm thinking about
possibly i'm looking at the the new jeep
wranglers i like them and i want to get
like a full like you know mud tires
maybe make it like matte black I don't
know I'm just looking at other ones I
don't know if I'm set on Jeep if you
guys have any ideas of what you think
would be a great car I'm not looking to
go crazy on some sports car go you know
drive something crazy like that um I'm
just looking for something I like bigger
I move a lot of stuff in this car for
different things like if I'm
transporting guns I fill up the whole
car so I need a bigger car and I don't
know we're just looking so it's just
it's time to time to keep my options
open go on some more car dating apps and
see if there's any that I match with and
i don't mean my car's getting upset i
gotta go but we're just gonna go look at
some new ones look at these
you know it's just I couldn't never
design like this color like this is way
too bright for me but I do like the size
of it I haven't really looked at these
four-door hardtop ones but I like him I
like these tired like the size of this
this is a good size I like this is like
a size that's a good color for you but
yeah I don't know on it green yeah I
don't know if I could do this color but
I like this like this in like a matte
black would be pretty sick I don't know
i'll probably have someone come on look
let's look at these
they have black ones but matt black one
of the guys told us to go down past the
waterfall the cascading waterfall down
below and they have all these cars down
here so let's see we got some cool cars
down here I don't want I don't want one
of these that I'm looking at I would
definitely if I were to get a G could be
like a bit regular this the heart is
pretty cool see here's my thing is I
don't know if I want to get something as
like high-end as the Rubicon which is
their highest and jeep wrangler because
if I get that you're kind of paying for
a lot of options that i want to get
custom myself like i want to do this i
don't want to come with cool wheels i
want to pick the ones i want later after
market and do much after market set so
it's not worth it to pay a lot more for
these accessories that I can possibly do
myself so I don't know but I've never
driven one I've never even been inside
one so let's let's explore we got we got
the keys in here so we can just like
leave if we want to this is cool I don't
know if I would that's a does a decent
screen everything I think it's nice
we're now now it's been a really spent a
good amount of time here the cool thing
about this that he actually he was
showing this through all this and I was
letting him talk i was about to start
blogging is this one has a i think we
could show them this one has a gun safe
built-in right here for quick access to
your gun these are all like people at
people who did aftermarket stuff it came
back and trade them in or sold them here
so they said it comes with the gun safe
and everything but there's some cool
options
I think I'm gonna go this weekend to
test-drive it didn't have any
availability right now so he said let's
a test drive this weekend I'm looking
forward to that and I don't know we'll
see but I want to see you guys options
as well so write in the comments below
what you guys you guys think I'm back at
my place now and my sister is on her way
to pick me up I'm gonna go with her and
Alex to full screen actually for those
you don't know full screen is an MCN a
multi-channel Network just like the
collective or maker studios there's full
screen and full screen actually
contacted Jackie contact my sister it
wants to set up a meeting you know just
talk about what they could potentially
offer her if they want to sign a channel
and hate that I've had a meeting with
them in the past if you guys don't know
i am not signed to any MCN and i'm not
against them I like mcs I just I always
have an open mind when i go to have
meetings at them and see you know what
they have to offer and if it's worth it
for me i would sign a heartbeat but so
I'm gonna go with her and you know she's
new to the whole pretty new I mean she's
doing really well but she's pretty new
to the whole YouTube world so I'm gonna
go and I want to see what they want to
offer her and kind of help her out how
about my sister so this is this is great
for her i'm excited for her so they'll
be here they send like four or five
minutes and then we'll head out we're
getting here to full screen oh you ready
to go in yeah okay I don't know if this
is the RIP we don't know if this is the
right entrance or just this is not the
right entrance probably most likely not
oh we're at Facebook the meeting ended
up going really well and they were
cool people the office was super cool so
you know we'll see she's obviously
weighing out our options and seeing
what's gonna be best for her and right
now I am having dinner at cheesecake
factory with mr. Jake hi guys hello I
missed me
you came back after deep kissing I did
you scared but I'm back your back that's
good that's good well at midnight
tonight Gina's in her birthday it's your
birthday tonight well it's my birthday
in like I know yeah it's late where have
you go really late dinner I wasn't gonna
tell him how late we were having dinner
thank you it's really late yeah
basketball game to jakes on a basketball
team and he actually once eat the one
you won today so we waited till he was
off and she was off and then we're
getting a late dinner and weird that way
we're gonna be perfect timing for her
birthday good because both of us got off
and now we're wow you guys got when I
didn't get up falling words off yeah
well it's pretty good off he's trying to
get I didn't get up you will let me get
off don't worry I'll try no thank you
that was such a fine okay well you
should you like that I'm gonna get off
to some cheesecake however Oh are we
gonna are we at home
we gonna tell it we should tell them
it's your birthday I hope that we get to
yellow everywhere tell them it's my
birthday everywhere it's late go where
you dinner at Benihana advisors you go
it's not we're ahead it's that open
right now no no we should go later get
it later all i knows we're even not all
your cheese cheesecake factory literally
has like the biggest portions it's like
you order a salad for south of minutes
yeah anyway well it's it's literally
like family size tire yourself our faces
yes I get look at the size of this this
is my hand it is huge that's a big
sandwich so it was big I'm only eating
half and together yeah you have to the
ginger doesn't even look that big on
camera happy birthday big a wish' blow
me yay so great yeah would be pretty
with me he wished not to boil yeah damn
it okay guys well it's a new day I just
got back not too long ago for the gym
gotta take a shower gotta freshen up got
to unstick my stank and start off a new
day I myself a good time doing whatever
i'm gonna do and that's all i got for
you so on that note i will see you guys
again soon goodbye with a somebody we
gotta go take a picture I'm gonna take a
picture together oh I'm sorry you busy
you see now I said that we were like
internet friends we just liked we back
more than I thought you liked stolen
oh you did buy me on stolen yeah was
your you are my master for a while you
yes yeah yes your friend no now we are
this is now we're a person friend oh
yeah maybe they haven't brought for us
we just wanted to support in the wall
hang out yeah thank you for having their
habitat oh you see the road I do we get
a break Larry Bird love free well I got
so good
