hey guys it's a new day today and my
sister and Jackie and Alex are coming
over today because later on I don't know
if you guys know a friend of mine Brian
landing we actually have never met I'm
calling you my friend but it's like
YouTube friend because you talked over
Twitter and social media and stuff and
he makes music and he's a blogger he's
actually a family vlogger and he has he
has his EP release party tonight at
YouTube space they sent me over an
invite we're gonna go check that out I'm
excited to do that and to to meet him in
person finally because we like joked
around with each other over Twitter as
if we're like good friends but we've
never actually met so this would be the
first time you meet so I'm going to my
my internet friends party that you p
release party looking forward to it
Brian sent me an invite a private invite
to RSVP to it and I did and then he was
like yeah I give the RSVP to whoever
you're gonna bring and that would have
been Jackie and Alex I didn't give him
time into a little bit later and I
didn't realize how crazy it would get
and it was full this wasn't today I'm
just telling you I'm filling you guys in
giving you all the details so he told me
about 500 people rsvp'd they only have a
220 person capacity so we're gonna try
to get there is if my sister can God get
out here in time because there's traffic
we're gonna try to get there by like six
doors open at six thirty hopefully he
can work his magic but if not then this
whole vlog will be the build-up to us
not getting in which that's like with
the luck i typically have that's exactly
what this vlog is going to be but we'll
see where it takes us we'll see what
happens we'll see what might luck turns
into you guys are seeing me do this in
the past when I have no real food in the
apartment and I don't want to go out to
get food I just kind of scavenge and I
have some like baby spinach a baby kale
and I could possibly make a decent salad
with that but instead one of my favorite
foods is soup i love soup soup is just
one of the best things in the world
because of that I do I like to do I've
done this one two other time and it
worked out okay I like to do improv
soups improv soups are easy because all
you need is a blender and stuff to blend
and a stove to heat it let's make improv
soup some bargain organic baby spinach
and baby kale it's already triple washed
and ready to eat let's just take a
handful of this and boom let's just take
a handful of this and boom I found some
chicken broth shake that shit free pour
that shit keep reporting that shit let's
make it a little creamy I don't have
heavy cream so we're doing a little bit
of half-and-half just a little bit that
should be enough we got some onion
powder throw it in we got some garlic
powder throw it in the crisis office to
this have a little bit of pepper blend
it this ball thing down
let's pour it in because of how liquidy
it is i'm going to add a tablespoon of
cornstarch is how you could like thicken
any soup but tablespoon of cornstarch
add a tablespoon of cold water to the
corn starch stir that up until that shit
ain't got no lumps in it put it on to
medium heat take that stirred cornstarch
mixture and in there just continue to
stir periodically as we heat it yeah
buddy I don't know how good this is
gonna be as I stir more it's getting
more and more thick wow this is super
green super green soup poured over here
I likes pretty thick oh yeah whoa it's
fogging it up plug it up his lens damn
look how green that shit is green and
thick I like it and now the real test
how do I do this how do I always make it
so good it was inspection really good
let's cross our fingers we can go Oh God
we can get it okay yeah
now you to you yeah justjust this is
worth it are you taking a picture of
youtube's an app snapchat where are we
Alex you need like window oh yeah we're
in the middle of the road I have to
snapchat Oh hopefully we get old you got
your badge yeah we're in YouTube space
big picture someone has to take a
picture they were taking pictures and
they're like i watch your blogs to her
which she got really excited about so
she took a pic first birthday we didn't
tell him that that we should have told
it no let's just get a drink or
something I'm thirsty in their food over
the right good column that I did you eat
that's it but it's just soup when they
see why we gotta go take a picture I
take a picture together hello I'm sorry
you miss you gee now I said that we were
like internet friends we just liked we
bagged forth and I thought you liked
stolen
oh you did buy me on stolen was your you
are my master for a while you yes to me
thanks again your friend no now we are
this is now we're a person friend oh
yeah maybe they forest we just wanted to
support in a ball hang out yeah thank
you for having their habitat oh you see
the road I do breathe baby birds that's
all I got so good go are you guys
condition you get I'll do it with you
yeah that's actually it's four winds
it's a windscreen okay take the water
what do we do what I don't know is I
think we're bloggers we were in there I
saw someone I was like that was like
making eye contact me as like oh it's
with my situation
to come say hi take a picture cousin I
think it's for the guy behind you he's a
family
yes no that's the big family blogger
behind you oh okay and they walk over to
was me and she filled that side felt a
little special I always I feel special
when you guys want it makes you feel
like you know I'm like slightly
important my friend Megan TARDIS is
warming right now
he'll and check it out
never
soon
eating and drinking you Nelly wanna
drink more
get more drinks
it is to you
you
hope I'm waiting for something but it's
okay so coming out for my husband he's
very much amazing it was amazing to
watch you guys seeing and hang out and
it's also just fun to part with you guys
and hang out and dance and sing and I'll
hunt you did great good done but it's
also like his birthday
a year
before we leave we wanted to say bye to
Brian be sure it's here I thought it was
that one behind me oh there he's right
here right I don't know when to say
goodbye we're gonna head out and all the
burrito whoo thank you so much for
comment of course it was great thank you
we should meet you in Versailles it in
person person we gotta have a drink
sometime definitely on camera
ok I'm done party ready to sit back
watch little TV before bed right Harvey
that sound good to you buddy yeah hey
pay attention that sounds good to you
yeah you are more amazing little boy
well I just woke up and ready to start
my day take a shower get dressed have a
solvent another good day do i hear
Harvey army good morning good morning by
the way that's not pee widget filming
the sitcom here there was a spill sup
somehow in here from one of the
production people we are never able to
clean it but this whole carpet is part
of what's gonna also be redone in this
apartment so that's not you don't worry
he didn't make a mistake you didn't make
pee pee on the carpet good morning
though good morning buddy good morning
good morning you're ready to start today
rest of the day is daddy bothering you
your journey bothering you it's anyway
let's start any day I'm gonna end it
here I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see you guys again sir
goodbye and then and then we just and
then we just like
uh-uh roseline rub my nipples yeah well
known as are very erect nope
