hey guys it's a new day today
and I went to the gym I had a meeting
that was actually really cool I'd love
to have meetings with people that are
interested in starting you know a new
YouTube channel or wants to go in that
direction so I'll be able to share that
with you soon
it's a friend of mine he's starting a
really cool channel and he wants to get
it started and everything that and then
I told about help mound and show you
guys and give you guys a link to what
he's doing I won't tell you too much now
because I'll leave that up to him when
he wants me to share that but anyway you
guys don't know him and you've never met
him so it's not anyone that you're not
he really gets the check anyway uh Megan
is coming over right now because I as
you know I go on auditions every once in
awhile I have an audition today with
Megan and it's it's really interesting
because her and I have to go in and we
don't have any lines we just have to
kiss but not just like a regular kiss if
they literally said in the description
we need to go in on camera and deep kiss
what the hell is a deep kiss and when
she got the notification she text me
she's like what is a deep kiss and I was
like I don't know I have no idea what
that is
but we will will soon figure that out
because we're gonna have to go do that
my face is always pretty red but if you
noticed it's like extra red down here
and that's because in the in the
description of what they wanted they
literally said if you have your beard is
like to think or anything just to trim
it down as low as possible so that we
can still see your lips so I just trim
this and I get so red when I trim I I
normally have like a special cooling gel
that I rub up my neck so that it cools
Knox is just hot but I'm getting all
prepped for my deep kiss whatever it is
Megan and I are heading over to the
audition now I hope I'm aiming this to
you I don't think it's me
is it not there we go Oh what is what is
deep kissing well I thought that maybe
it was like one of those passionate
moments like where it's like all the
music comes and you're just like oh yeah
we're gonna we're gonna uh I really hope
it's not like put your tongue in her
mouth so she can't breathe
why not because I need to breathe oh
okay oh I told her maybe it's like you
have to like like passionately kiss
while you fondle me no well it didn't
say passionately fondling what if what
he was on dueling defined like what if
this audition doesn't actually exist and
I just like paid people to fake this so
that I could deep kiss you
oh god I got the same casting it
Jesus yeah uh well this will be gonna be
interesting
I can't wait for the explanation I hope
we can what you yes undernea hi Addison
there there's no way ya know what if
they come out because you know Sarah has
a couple soon to come out the hallway
and you're sitting there and they were
all right they're really cool they're
like this is what a deep kiss everybody
listen up this what you're gonna do you
grab the girl you kiss her what is it
deep kiss that's how they act catch
aggregor's we go deep throat it's like
that but with your tongue so we need you
to like give I can't know if I could say
that on your channel you can say
whatever to get basically we want you to
almost give head to the other person's
tongue which that's weird
we could do that
who's gonna be giving I want to receive
you want to receive okay God every time
I'm with her she's always like come on I
want to be the one receiving it's my
turn yeah so I don't know I don't think
there's any way to bring this camera in
but it'll be well we can always we could
just like we can practice it down we'll
figure it out I couldn't bring my camera
in sorry I can just because they said
that nothing in there can be shown at
all because they paperwork and stuff
like that he designed an end we had to
sign NDA but let me tell you I I found
out what it what a deep it wasn't far
off from what we were joking yeah it was
not I mean so did joke about many things
so do with that which is well yeah I had
she received I'm just kidding it got
like hey you're not supposed to talk
about I'm not gonna say at all what we
we had a signed an NDA saying I can't
say exactly what we did but it was
hopefully we get it you can see I was
definitely red faced walking out of
there yeah you were so he's like you
guys friends
this is the first date okay well
icebreaker yeah I spray good mm-hmm
is the best part was there was one part
can we say one part say we excuse and
they asked Alex to like lick his lips
and shit oh come on
I had to slow your neighbor said no Tony
I was acting I am an actor
I am artist so sexy oh my god I think my
face is bright my face is so red right
now I'm so shy oh dear okay well oh boy
oh yeah okay that's great yeah yeah it's
great fun time fantastic good day you
guys always tell me that like I talk
about stuff and I don't get to actually
show you what goes on so I feel bad that
I couldn't bring you guys into the
audition
oh yeah yeah they're like cuz I'm a big
like I just did this but I didn't show
them that it's a problem because I can't
always vlog and certain things or it's
weird I can't bring my camera
meetings convert we couldn't bring
anything in there no they literally
would not allow me to take out my camera
my phone had to be off everything so I
think should we show them when we do the
audition
sweet sweet deep kiss let's give them
let's give him a deep kissing show so oh
my god I'm starting a new game Alice
my nipples are is my horse no my god
mother not aroused right now no you guys
wonder why like I'm just such an awkward
somebody just let show them I'm stealing
my deep kiss what like very it was very
dramatic right
yeah lots of that and then it was like
oh my god don't look oh my god girls at
home no a kiss her like that is like and
that is it no no you let me know in this
one
it's nice a tongue Nick you know what
thing no they said what the fuck is a
seafood yeah no you could say that was
like what the hell you what the hell the
hell is he doing in my tummy and then I
just hit you and he hit me he hit me in
the audition lightly gently and then and
then we just and then we just like
oh yeah rub mine rub my nipples yeah
yeah Nonna's are very erect oh come on
mm that was not what we did but that's
like a little bitty can't show you
sloppy look yeah okay
then you can give me a little play hold
on you can do it right away
go that's it you said little like you a
little more Hey
now I'm horny everything is a restroom
early intentionally went to one of my
friend place of sweet men parents and
when I go it's like polka bowling I got
this salmon I got salmon - yeah you like
it
oh yeah look at that ass look at that
ass and that sexy leg yeah talk about
you yeah I'm talking about you okay
whatever you're funny man you're funny
hey hi Jake
hi Luke hi ah we're just watching TV and
having a relaxing evening amongst each
other's company we are into a new day
now and I think I'm just gonna end it
here or you just got back from the gym a
little bit ago so I need to take a
shower freshen up not be so stinky
stinky yeah and I have a fun thing
that's going on today which you guys
will see in the next vlog I'm gonna
block it so on that note that is all I
got for you I hope you guys enjoyed my
supreme awkwardness and what I showed
you before that was all that was all fun
but uh yeah that's it I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye so we're gonna
hopefully
blow it up
you
