hey guys it's a new day today and I am
so excited about today's vlog why
because I'm just excited to do to do
what we're about to do it's it's
something that you guys have asked for
and I said it's coming soon so you guys
kind of knew it was going to come but I
gotta go load up all this stuff in my
trunk of my car when I sell this stuff I
mean all this stuff I got Pelican cases
pawn Pelican cases and bags and
everything and this stuff is going in my
trunk yes it is filled with girls today
we're praising America before I head out
to the ranch today I'm gonna have to go
pick up some ammo as well and I'm
picking up some lead free ammo the
reason being is there's some wildlife
out that live just naturally around the
ranch and I don't want to give them lead
poisoning answer that's a big problem
that that's out there and the another
problem is that lead free MO is very
expensive or it can be very expensive so
this vlog really would not have been
possible if it wasn't sponsored so with
on that with that said this vlog is
sponsored by Opinion Outpost which is
you can go to pinion outpost and take
surveys as many as you guys want and
make money and I'm and yes they're
sponsoring yes they're providing you
with this awesome cool vlog that I get
to do because they're helped me pay for
this ammo but it is something that I
actually have used in the past to
actually have my money so I know that it
works and it is not a scam ready night
that side i went ahead and i put the
link down in the description box below
so go ahead check it out take some
surveys make some money and let's go
shooting we're on the ranch now so we're
gonna we're gonna take this
range rover offroading yeah well let's
not do it
damn this is a actual working cannon
here super cool if you guys want to see
that cannon and use we might be able to
do that another video you think we can
do it in another video use the cannon
not not this one maybe maybe you guys
want to see that cannon might they'll
make it happen line everything up okay
they are sks geez I'm really excited to
try this thing today we got to cite
everything in he's got a rifle rest
there so that would be pretty easy but i
still have never shot this one too I've
never shot this KSG and I have yet to
shoot this so I'm really excited to put
some rounds through it finally
it's time to do a little bit of
shotgunning so we're gonna have fun with
some of the shotgun
whoa
now before it gets too dark we got these
pineapples we want a watermelon but they
weren't in season she got pineapple and
we got the Smith the west at 460 so
we're gonna hopefully blow it up
it's getting a little tired but
end of a good day off roading down and
what does he want us to do really gonna
go straight okay let's trade off would
it's right off the cliff now that we
finished it was so much fun you're fun
yeah yeah who's all right now we had a
really good time and we can't wait do it
again one now we're hungry for dinner so
we drop my gun sorry now those guns
aren't too powerful the other one's
gonna shoot a forward you know like the
22 that's more powerful dose yeah
Percy's yeah and so we're we're yamato
right now we're gonna grab our cell some
dinner if you get awkward sometimes when
you see people that recognize you and to
verify they recognize you there watching
your video
so I've we see them watching me on their
phone and they keep like looking over
like I can now hear myself to you know
the blog I said I was like I could I get
here how's it going what do you would it
were you watching it on there yeah I
heard it he was an orig original that's
funny what you moving like Ellie I live
in Santa Monica so pretty far pretty far
yeah well it's good seeing you guys you
guys could be on the blog tomorrow so
make sure you watch it goods they needed
by i'm back at home now that was so
awesome i want to do that more often
Jake is here miss Jake and mr. Harvey I
was you gonna come next time I know I
want to come yeah waves are big you
gotta go out and the ranch will always
be there so next time next time
definitely um did you guys like it I eat
it just let me know if you guys liked it
cuz i loved it i had a really good time
i actually didn't vlog as much as it
would have loved to like I didn't vlog a
lot of the sighting in stuff and I had
another handguns there and everything
that I was just it was my first time at
this ranch and we were just kinda I was
so into it then I was like oh yeah let's
vlog this let's log that so we're gonna
try to make it a more regular thing and
we'll do some cool things if there's
some things that you guys want to see
more of or you didn't get to see and you
really want to see something with the
shooting I will try to do as much as
possible and whatever you guys want to
see but for now I am actually currently
editing the vlog you are watching so
putting it all together right now so I
can get it out to guys but you're
already watching it right now which I
appreciate thank you for supporting yeah
but I have no I got nothing else I'll
see you guys again soon goodbye everyone
is on the roof right now and we're on
the now the third bottle third one third
bottle third vial what are you taking
another shot
