hey it's a new day today and I still got
poppers from New Year's so Brandon's
waiting at the corner because he worded
some food from blueberries and I'm just
gonna go down and hopefully be able to
scare him a little bit with it we'll see
hold of a good start to a swamp
okay a lot of way down here too long I
kind of got him I mean it wasn't like
much it was some sort of flinch but I
think anyone would do that and I tried
to give you guys like a first-person
popper view FP p first-person popper you
only hit ya point of view first person
shooter first person popper did it scare
you oh yeah you guys saw this a couple
vlogs go um she logs that i was looking
at this in the store and i am really
excited the new bed and this one is a
california king i had a queen size now I
got a king size for all the bitches I
never get ah let's let's recline or
incline I'm raising it up
it could keep going up but I don't need
a much higher let's let's do feet see I
could just like bring my laptop and do
work and here's up yeah if I reason
anymore I'm gonna cut myself and have I
love it take the shoes off and get in
bed with me boy is this man so let's see
how high we want to put it we'll put you
there and then raise the feet up yeah
that's right to it so there's good I can
put it up higher of it is that not great
I said I wouldn't get out of bed I'll
just be fat and watch TV a package came
in and I didn't buy anything but it says
it's for Alex Mandel and it also says
this package contains alcohol so it's
already a good package let's open this
rogue app for a dream okay so must be it
it looks like wine let's sit up flip
turn this way come on out this wine come
on get out of there I got wine yay we
got wine I just found out that that wine
I didn't know who came from but now I do
it came from e 1 which they're they're
the ones that did my that have my that I
did the pilot for pilot that only you
guys in Canada can see so that's awesome
i'm gonna i like to drink so when I have
some more wine you flick coffee coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee with
some burgers you go it's Friday night
Tuesday just Friday we're starting out
tonight with coffee so that we don't
fall asleep while we're out and then we
need to see little fall over something
to follow I don't know Oh what's going
on anyway we are just starting off in
the desert alright you sons of bitches
cheers Cheers
cheers here's some fun fractures
oh yeah okay I've been it real to you in
a while only up big shit you dude
fucking easy lens and taxes we've been
taking shots and we opened this bottle
now we finished it we're gonna be moving
out to another bottle but we got our
last shot of this bottle of the take you
guys ready to take it she is oh wait I
didn't touch it I keep not touching it
salt little okay take it oh yeah but
on to the next bottle these are getting
easier and easier it does it gets easier
as you drink we're drinking water right
yeah right exactly what it is it's just
it's just water Mexican water everyone
is on the roof right now and we're on
the now the third bottle third one third
bottle third vial what are you taking
that shot same guy you tell you that
shot fuck yeah fuck yeah anyway I should
not be blogging this I don't treat that
often and i have my girl I'm taking
another shot I have a shy I would same
thing before you can and we're out of
the third bottle dealing I just showed
it I so we're on the third bottle no we
don't I'm sober water is Mexican water
logros espaniol for water yeah espanola
one odd one egg 101
oh that's the way that's the way that's
the way that's the way wait no I'm good
yeah I remember I've been drinking we'll
drink we're sober oh yeah I don't even
know where this vlog is going this blog
is going why is good ah yeah that he's
loving
hey hey hey chica hey chica
you're loving it you're loving it he's
like 70 pounds you're doing weights
right now these are actually good squad
working yeah I know he's so heavy
oh my god we heard songs for busy said
you reminded us of our best friend
Richard who's in China and where we are
we are facetiming him say hi Richard hey
hey 18 for rice yeah yeah Tommy our
money on gushing mom what do you tell
that yes money under Shima 00 rich is
the most white Chinese guy we know he
does nothing Chinese and now all of a
sudden e knows Chinese good lives in
China Richard oh my god i feel like a
moose like a hungover miss i have a
hungover service he's used to like lose
oh you feel like I'm lose to you ready
go for a walk here we go for a walk you
feel like it was yeah he's hungover shit
too oh my god i feel like death i'm not
i don't even know how long this blog is
was if i should continue i'm just gonna
go die for a little bit baubles oh ok
well goodbye I'll see you guys again
soon
death goodbye I took them out so you
could see them that this one came in
this cool bag here and this one came in
this hard case here this one is the
whiskey and this one's the Delta this
one's pretty cool
