hey guys it's a new day today and it's
starting off to a little bit of a rough
start but that's okay because we will
figure things out um I hope to head to
the gym right now except I have a
problem if you guys follow me on
snapchat which is just Alex Mandel my
name then you would have seen that I
embarrassingly tried to go to dinner
with Jake last night and showed myself
about to leave and this happened this is
in the snap I went like that and I think
started so my Range Rover is dead I
actually think I need a new battery cuz
this happened a couple times now I don't
think it's from leaving a light on
writing like that which is fine i'll get
a new battery but I don't have anyone
here to jump my car like I don't have
another car to do that so I had to order
really quick cos amazon has like that
prime now thing so i can make a delivery
within an hour so this works i ordered
this like jumper kit thing whatever a
stanley jump it I don't know I'm hoping
that this will work just so that i can
go do stuff today if not i'll just be
you bring all day okay i hook this thing
up let's hope that this works
Oh
we're good I am now very happy with that
purchase okay I need to go to the gym
now my sister's here now she's in Narnia
that room changing Abby because Abby
made a little poopy Underpants and she
brought me we shared mailbox when
mailboxes closer to her for mail that
you guys could send that address is in
the description for those of you that
are going to ask where you can find it
but she's brought me two things one is a
letter and I did not read this yet i
just opened it so that i can use one
hand or else i found that it's pretty
difficult to try to open things using
one hand lon vlogging this one is from
brandon emerson from in london ontario i
opened it but i probably should have
taken a nap too it's a holiday one hey
Alex my name is Brandon I've been a
subscriber for you viewers for a long
time now first of all I wanted to say
that I'm 22 years old and I'm a
testicular cancer survivor Oh like
furious Pete while I was going through
awful chemo I watch your vlogs as I
still do now every single day they truly
helped me get through a lot of crap and
really help me take my mind off a lot of
tough stuff I wanted to say thank you so
much you're awesome I was writing out
cards for my family and friends and
decided i would send one to you please
say hi to Harvey for me hey Harvey he
says hi he says hello can you say hi
back that was that was a hollow that was
i until until tell brandon he is an
awesome name i will tell brendan that
i'm actually gonna see him tomorrow
maybe christmas happy hanukkah to you
Harvey and the rest of your family Jake
and Brandon to I know this is a little
bit later but I don't know what how long
this took for me to get it and I was
gone throughout the holidays PS you
really got me with that each gun in my
apartment video I think everyone in my
house heard it well that was the plan so
I'm happy
actually I'm really happy that these
vlogs have helped you and they're
they're making you feel better and I'm
really happy that you are recovering now
it says wishing you a season filled
happiness and a new year new year bright
with joy 18 for life Brandon Emerson
well thank you so much Brandon I really
appreciate that thanks for taking the
time to write that life I love reading
mail from you guys and I have one more
thing here and I do know what it is
because my sister didn't bother to look
and see that it was sent to me and if
you watch her vlog on life with Jackie
you would see that she was so excited to
receive what's in there fuck vlog until
she finished her clip looked at it was
like this is so cool and then saw that
it was to me it was like oh no before I
show you Abby's out Oh Harvey Harvey
Harvey you can't be played you can't be
playing too much she's laughing he's
nice in her he's just big is it he's
like 70 pounds so hard me you got to
realize you're fat nugget your fat
nugget I don't think he cares he's tough
as nails my knee I was long and I felt
it go on him I think he's fine okay I
don't even think you noticed okay sorry
Harvey so in this box it is from Team
bobster eyewear wall it's from bobster
but it's from the team over at bobster
eyewear they spent me cool stickers and
study that and they wrote congrats on
your new KSG where bobster to protect
your eyes love your vids super awesome
this is so cool because i was literally
i'm like torn I'm on Brandon actually
just as a holiday gift I've got show you
guys i will show you guys got me some
new tactical gloves some shooting gloves
which are cool and i have ears but i
don't have I wear like earplugs I mean I
I don't have I wear so I really needed
it and I've been looking for three
different companies and what to get so
this is super cool and definitely gonna
come in handy very soon you guys will
see why I have a cool blog coming up
that I will need to use these on and
the week I think maybe in a few days I
don't know we will see they sent me two
different kinds they sent me a delta
just a matte black sunglass with three
interchangeable lenses yes that is super
cool and the whiskey which is a black
ballistic sunglass with anti-fog clear
lens so I am going to try out both of
these and I'm really excited to use them
you will see them used in action very
soon because I've been planning a cool
vlog coming up I took them out so you
could see them that this one came in
this cool bag here and this one came in
this hard case here this one is the
whiskey and this one's the Delta this
one's pretty cool now the reason why you
need special glasses for shooting is you
don't want like with any brick share
with anything that that can hit you in
the eyes if you don't have ballistics
glasses that are tested to be that
strong or that are not meant for
shooting they can break and shatter into
your eye if anything hits them so this
one is the whiskey these are anti-fog
clear lens shooting and these are if I
can get up these are the deltas but I
can change out on this one I could
change out to clear lens and to these
ones as well depending on conditions
obviously for indoor shoot i definitely
want clear all the way clearer and
clearer but for outdoor on a sunny day
you do want those to these sunglasses so
i'm excited to take these out and try
them Jake and I wanted to buy lottery
tickets for the Powerball because it's
up to 1.5 billion but you could tell how
much Jake and I do not play the lottery
because we wanted to go get it and it is
after 7pm and apparently they only sell
them till 7pm we were like oh it was
like ten out of seven well hopefully am
I off
yeah yeah they have an office pool going
on I have nothing so i probably have
just as much of a chance of winning as
if i did buy a ticket so that's if
anything i just saves the money oh hey
Jake how you feeling I feel like a
winner we've been having BBQ and we are
he's just like
I feel like a tear duct
just stuff right your answer
Richard dieter so
you're in today all right Brandon
Brandon Hey hell yeah you wear a bathing
suit should we go in swimming we're
swimming in the butt stuff logging it's
a new day today clearly and Harley you
are you sure your son said this is a
painter's mad cuz painting everything
yeah anyway we are going to be shooting
a drink video today with a secret guest
and the video is not going to go up
tomorrow um so I will let you guys know
one's going up I don't even think I'm
allowed to vlog with this person I think
it's that secret now it's for reasons I
can't explain but Hillary Clinton it's
Hillary Korea now so you guys will find
out soon it I mean the drink video will
come out eventually I just at the moment
I'm not supposed to say or anything I
don't know it's it's you know tough
titties whatever so on that note we're
gonna get set up for it we're getting
all this stuff all the prep work for the
drink videos I think we're filming two
with this person yeah so anyway you know
time for two well good thing you're
expendable uh I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding that he's so mad at me thank you
you hate me I was called me middle class
today no I didn't he said to me he said
I told him I said Alex it's time to go
get a new battery for your car yeah and
he said where should I get what I said I
told you go to mention a specific store
and he said oh that's right seen you
know my mom told me to ask you she said
you would noting where to get the
cheaper one not because anything else
other than we know of Brandon as knowing
where the good deals are that was it
he's like what he's trying to say i know
i only get cheaper stuff I said no you
know where there's good deals he's just
jumping to negative conclusions well
anyways guys on that note
that's all I got for you so I'll see you
guys again soon goodbye good good no
daddy that's good I hit up good
