hey guys it's a new day today and today
I get to spend the day with problems
like my best friend not you probably
this it is my best friend I'm talking
about you mr. Harvey I'm talking about
you oh oh this one excited it's someone
excited do you realize do you think I
was gonna say someone else you think I
was gonna say someone else
no no Harvey we gotta go somewhere
though okay I'm gonna take you today
you're good you get to go to a GT okay
you ready to go let's go he's wondering
where to go straight okay no Harvey this
way right this way
gettin tired out so what's the play with
everyone here dance you're done Oh watch
out he's pulling today there you go
washing that here Harvey let's go over
you got some you don't have a high five
kind of high five thank you
we'll have to get together with them and
their dogs and put together a routine
honey is bringing over two German
Shepherds ready if anyone ever comes on
my property that many people like to say
that dogs are not like their owners she
keeps thinking at another this is a
warning which is you move any further
couple and I think in this case was very
true chances are they're not this is
what we call the walk around government
is go everyone
and there was realize how good she yeah
she says lay down see they definitely
teach you about matrix a of it TenPoint
teaching old drives matrix
be a pun oh you're sweating he bet sweat
all over your head a lot of the other
guys you know he just he just doesn't
really listen to you I think he didn't
listen to a professional trainer she put
me in the pen he pees on everything oh
he marks yeah he marked everything they
kept giving him water not sparkling
water regular water okay and he marked
everything everything is marked I don't
want to be in that room anymore this is
there's a big smell of urine he doesn't
listen very well
when AG teachers ended actually
completely the whole season the finale
Darcy Lin warned it controls you to have
recorded I just ruin it for you but now
I gotta help my sister Jackie who is
actually interviewing people on the red
carpet so we got to get set up and then
she's gonna be interviewing the judges
and the winner Jackie you ready no you
don't have to do anything yeah
like
to
we're heading to the AG team wrap party
but we have to what else out there it's
just us - my dad my mom everyone else
they were some they're slow
oh whoa
who was good on the show today who was
good you were good you were hey buddy
you did a good job you did a good job my
boy Harvey I'm tired should we go to bed
now
I think so I had a super fun day today
Harvey kind of stole the show with
everything which was really cool
Harvey's really happy about it he won't
stop watching go to sleep
today mr. Harvey and good night to you a
team that is all I got for you so I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I'll see
you guys again soon goodbye
