hey guys it's a new day today
and I'm not with my parents hello parent
number one well thank you and parent
number two I want to be number one
number two number two let me see without
me number one I think without both of
you I wouldn't be kid anyway especially
me yeah especially you why we're going
shopping
what's he doing show them what it does
it's vibrating now I like the vibration
there we go
hello ladies give one with like a
quarter slut so I give just like drop in
a corner go all the way down no just a
head keep the feet like this
actually I like this one that's a nice
job that's the one I have my son I had
this idea for an Instagram picture I
want to take and it's weird but I want
to take it and I think Jake you want to
help me take a picture real quick no no
no he knows exactly what it is that he
doesn't want to take it but I want to
take it you know why because I like to
post things this is gonna be another one
of those naked Instagram pictures that
you guys hate so much and I love so much
not only because I love the picture but
because I love your reaction some people
want to unfollow me some people are like
that's disgusting something that's I
love it it makes it those are my
favorite but on Instagram worst thing
that happens is is you guys report it
and it gets taken down and it makes me
laugh even hired a psychic it's almost
like a goal but I'm gonna go ahead and
we're gonna we're gonna take this
picture whether he wants to enough no
that's good I actually didn't think I'd
have any footage of that but that little
snippet was because just to make sure I
got the shots I didn't have to do it
again I told him to just push the record
button so I could pull it still in case
I needed it but I didn't so I just
uploaded it to Instagram go check it out
show it some love show it some you know
not love if you if you don't love it
that's fine too that's where that's what
it's for and yeah so go check it up if
you don't know it my Instagram is just
Alex and I doubt same with every other
kind I have but I just do that for fun
hope you enjoy it
you guys know our barber me Jake Luke we
share barber cherish love and today is
for birthday we're gonna go celebrate
but we're gonna pregame a little
beforehand get some drinks ready and
we're doing it not just cheap style
we're making some old fashions with some
Bulleit Bourbon yeah Jake but a couple
shakes of bitters gonna shirk you an
orange peel and then we got some
maraschino cherries for it now I want to
learn the cherry okay it doubles it has
two uses yeah how much in two ounces two
ounces nice nice dole oh yeah oh yeah
Jake sir that shit
mm-hmm yes boys I'm gonna judge you off
how good this drink is I'm judging you
all right look sober to be my pretty
good about that is good you win he wins
happy birthday viola
yes it's been raining a little bit in
California but we still in a drought and
the reason is like with the smallest
amount of grass ever look at the
sprinklers I don't know if you could see
it's like so much water that it's making
just mud and this is like this is pretty
normal right yeah
pretty normal yeah there's like a
sprinkler there there there but like
everywhere and all it's doing is making
mud there's nothing that much crap no
there's no grass there's no grass the
grass on my roof so that I don't need to
like water and something that is fake
it's and I think that that it looks
nicer too when you get like like grass
that's just oh wow
I mean it looks better than this yeah I
mean if real good grass looks amazing
but on my roof I don't know we don't
want to water it all the time to do all
stuff so anyway I just thought that that
was something to point out because I'm
being able to share I had to share well
because it's there's literally mud just
going on right here and there's muddy
coming down off the sidewalks I thought
it was its anyway whatever I've been
drinking ok shut up shut up already
we're out into the next morning here I I
didn't wrap it up last night so I'm
gonna do it today but it's good that I'm
still vlogging here because we're
grabbing some like breakfast lunch
whatever it is just like free food
what's your name Kenny Kenny he came up
you watched the vlog yeah that's so cool
well I'm happy he wants to get a picture
so we're gonna get a picture and now
you're gonna be on the vlog so this vlog
is actually going up today on today on
today
I think I think we'll be good to be to
this nice and easy to definitely watch
who's really now that I'm home we are
doing anything I'm wrapping this up and
then we will start herself a new day so
well that being said I hope you enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon
you like I'm nice to see you too Nikita
Brandon's here and he he brought Nikita
doesn't Akita
oh hi Brandon want me to do the same
thing to you let's go to lunch
