hey guys it's a new day today and
criteria he's drinking and drinking I
don't know what we have planned or what
we have in store for today's activities
but I'm sure whatever we decide to do
will be wonderful why because it always
is he wants to have sex with you Harvey
shrine have sex with you oh yeah oh yeah
hubba hubba hubba hubba oh you know why
you know why because Harvey is flaming
choo-choo choo-choo choo-choo choo-choo
choo-choo
I know
cuz we light on fire uh I was just
taking Harvey out for a walk he has to
he's been going to the bathroom I think
he's trying to pee my how's it going he
actually pulled up you're here from New
York II said no that's my cousin this is
the coffee man
awesome how long you here for days foot
is not a lot of people when they come to
take a picture not a lot get to take a
picture with Harvey to need you can make
sure one by the ways I'm like yeah no
that's right when he came out I was
picking up Harvey's shit so but hey it
was really good to meet you
that's a good shit it's a it's a good
shit yeah Harvey you make some good shit
yeah well it's good meeting you here
we'll high five here my mom yeah I got
no hands open it was really good to meet
you I'm nice to see you too Nikita
Brandon's here and he you brought Nikita
cousin Akita
oh dear me Keith hi Brandon hi how are
you
want me to do the same thing to you here
let me listen to the other side huh I'm
hungry let's go to lunch to see you
yeah salads for days
except you're not eating you're too busy
Bobby I'll eat it I mean right now
hi Nikita you look nice you look nice
saying the King get so clean so fresh
and so clean clean she was with us
because she was getting groomed and we
are here at sundown
looking at they have a chameleon I love
chameleons
it's cool Turtles
hello Turtles oh come
turtles hate Turtles I was just trying
to jack shit from Whole Foods and I got
busted got busted now that didn't
actually happen I don't feel anything
they they came up because they watched
while you guys both watch yeah yeah well
you guys are doing a good job here
because I don't see any he I think he's
about to steal say we already got from
like you guys man silence but okay
series not coming yeah well here's a
keep it safe it's cool thanks for coming
up and saying hi it's nice to say hi I
always say you guys should come up if
you see me a person come up and say hi
unless you cos you'll be on the blog's
yeah you guys gonna watch tomorrow oh
yeah oh yeah yeah Emily watch Ricky see
shadows Oh deal attack of the a-team
tell you lady G oh hey man
you you prissy girl we just got back sit
down you're pretty Europe go get it
oh my god just come push back both paws
damn huh it's cuz this German Shepherd
can smell the Jew in me oh god what oh
yeah the Keene it may look kind of wild
but really she's just like any other lap
dog hey boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy no you don't I'm
trying to wait for the elevator to close
now it's just awkwardly waiting can't
get away here hey buddy
mm okay it should it should really close
now I do you need to push a button
yourself okay bye okay bye
boy Oh goodbye Oh goodbye finally I
heard you giggle you ready to go to bed
yeah see you late to them say good night
okay
I'll say you know for both of us is that
cool I'm weird you're weird you're weird
anyway it's getting kind of late I'm
tired I want to go to bed I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I got nothing
else for you for today unless you just
want to watch me sleep - all night but I
don't think that's it's very interesting
so I'm just gonna say goodbye for now
and that's it that'll be all
so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye we're out walking on Third
Street Harvey's having a good time right
buddy
you enjoying yourself he's loving like
all these people also you guys didn't
see Jake his back
so guys hi Jake I'm back and it's warm
here yeah he was in freezing Denver
Colorado it was really cold there's and
now he's back here and this seems very
warm to him holy shit hit the dog ah all
the girls that are walking by he could
pull so many more ladies than me even
though he really can
until he shits all over 3rd Street he's
already shit a few times on here he gets
excited the poles the drinking their
public water bowls for dogs and for some
reason he smells other dogs and in two
of the bowls I couldn't even stop him he
ran and PETA land of it's so
embarrassing but he's just the king
right Harvey you're the king he's the
king of 3rd Street
