hey guys it's a new day today
and where's Harvey Harvey you want to go
for a walk or think about taking Harvey
for a walk down the third Street and I'm
pretty full right now I just had a big
breakfast so I wanted to take him down
there so I could work off my belly and
he can have a good block as well we're
out walking on Third Street and Harvey's
having a good time right buddy you
enjoying yourself he's loving like all
these people also you guys didn't see
Jake his back so guys hi Jake I'm back
and it's warm here yeah he was in
freezing Denver Colorado it was really
cold there's and now he's back here and
this seems very warm to him holy
Christian have a dog ah all the girls
that are walking by he could pull so
many more ladies than me even though he
really can tell he shits all over third
Street
he's already shit a few times but here
he gets excited the poles the drinking
their public water bowls for dogs and
for some reason he smells other dogs and
in two of the bowls I couldn't even stop
him he ran a PETA land of it's so
embarrassing but he's just the king
right Harvey you're the king he's the
king of third Street my kids I don't
know if you could see I have to zoom in
oh these zoom so slow hello Harvey say
hi
where's where's DJ MiniMed are you
sleeping hey the funny thing is a lot of
people live around here in Santa Monica
that was justine and jenna i just seen
in her sister Jenna so you just kind of
see everyone around here in Santa Monica
it's cool
you guys saw before one of my vacation
when I gave Jake the or I got him the
new shoes that he want oh you're wearing
them right now these right here that I
guys knows and then he also got me
something but the shipping was taking
extra super long rides are forever took
forever but now it's here and this is
super crazy awesome I was really excited
I was like wait till they see this on
the vlog this is so cool it is a custom
ps4 controller hand dipped in Chrome and
these the joysticks and the buttons here
these are made with 9 millimeter rounds
and these are 20 gauge shotgun shell
just the of course not the shell just
the the metal behind it but these are
made with actual rounds right here and
this hand dipped it is so awesome how
cool is that thank you so much for their
welcome I guess I knew you'd like it
looks so good even on especially on here
I mean I wasn't gonna get you anything
that was actually for guns but I found
this and yes perfect
it is perfect look at that how cool is
that these are actual spent casings and
it's it's actually really comfortable I
thought when I saw it I was like I
wonder how it's gonna feel to play and
it's really comfortable a surprisingly
feels very natural I finally had to give
in and do all my laundry from the
vacation and from the Bahamas I still
had shirts that I hadn't even worn but
because they were in the bag with shirts
that were worn I just decided to wash
everything so I don't have any t-shirts
right now and I'm wearing like a like a
button-down shirt
just to go to physical therapy I'm going
to physical therapy right now because my
neck still isn't perfect
pretty much perfect but when I turn all
the way it's still pretty painful so I
have a few sessions left of physical
therapy and hopefully those will
completely squash any remaining pain
that is the goal that is the hope last
night we decided to start a new show on
Netflix called making a murderer and I
gotta tell you guys if you are looking
for something to watch on Netflix you
need to watch that we're not even done
yet I've been I've had serious anxiety
all day thinking about this show yeah we
started watching it last night we're
like we got to finish it tonight it's
just it's it is so crazy and the
craziest part of it is that it's real
everything in it is real if it was
fiction if it was fake
it wouldn't even be believable because
of how ridiculous some of the things are
but the fact that it's real makes it so
crazy so not note we go ahead I'm gonna
set the mood oh yeah
just the colored lights Oh baby it's
Netflix and chill time yeah okay cool I
ended up just going to bed last night
Jake and I totaled binge watch the rest
of making a murderer and we ended up
watching five at the remaining five
hours of the seizing season seasoning
good morning watch the remaining five
hours of the season last night and it's
just nuts this is just crazy speaking of
nuts and crazy though we'll check this
out
it is raining in LA and it's supposed to
rain this whole week and that is
fantastic we really need rain and I like
the rain I think it's because it's one
of those things like I wish it snowed
here I wish it you know rain here more
until it actually did if it if it snowed
a lot I'd be like no don't snow and if
it rained a lot I'd be like no no rain
but since we don't get it
it's welcomed with open arms and I like
it and it's wet you're wet la you're wet
it's a good thing I'm heading over to
the gym right now to go get my pom pom
workout then I'll get started on my day
but I'm heading over there right now
I'm still pretty tired it's okay the gym
will wake me up la is so not equipped
for rain look at this flooding just to
come out of the gym here now that I'm
done there's so much everywhere we don't
have we don't have good drainage we want
the rain but we just don't prepare for
it it's like been fighting a whole party
over and not having refreshments come on
La welcome this rain with refreshments
geez you're such a bad party host
go go go go go everyone's umbrellas I
breakin it's windy it's wet you're
walking your dog on the circuit come on
holy cannoli it is starting to come down
so hard you can hear that
what's going on here I thought we were
in LA I kind of want to just like run
around naked out in the rain we should
do that
whoa it's like windy and wet
a lot of you people are probably like
really that's what you're saying is like
crazy but it is crazy
based on my location I'm back home now
and I'm gonna finish up here
and Harvey why are you eating hope is
stretching that it was just like boy
endowed to eat his food all the
paintings getting done for those of you
that watch the blog before that I showed
you all the paintings happening and yeah
so I'll see you guys again sue you're
like it's all complete now it's got the
metal Picatinny rail adapter the Magpul
vertical foregrip and the flip up sights
that you just hear this won't be easier
to show you push this down so if you
just never flip up there you have it
there is the kel-tec KSG
