hey guys it's a new day today it's a
great day today and it is the new year I
think I already I already put up a vlog
yesterday for the new year it's still
the new year for the next year starting
this blog off to a rough start but
that's life sometimes you start off to a
rough start and then you get moving look
at me being so so meaningful and deep
I'm gonna go pick up a new gun i bought
so I'm gonna go do that right now look
who's back you go back a good back the
fatty the Beast loser horvs awww i
missed you buddy I missed you I missed
you they said he had a lot of different
girlfriends in there and that he would
he was a player he said he promised so
many things to all of them so that he
could have his way with them and then
once they're hooked it's time for him to
go right buddy you player you player
this is this isn't boarding for you this
is this is your whorehouse this is
Harvey's bunny ranch yeah he's spent
Harvey loves coming to my parents house
after gets picked up because he has a
huge yard to play and he could play over
there by the the pool or all over here
you could even walk all the way up to
the tree up there or yet some up there
right buddy you can go explore you're
just staying right here go on go explore
explore time when I was younger this
sunken tennis court used to be
everything but a tennis court we used to
set up there's still like old ramps and
stuff around the least set of ramps for
bikes and skateboards
and soon as we put up these like old
wooden bunkers like I mean plywood that
we would lean against something call it
a bunker and we play like air stock down
there and stuff like that we've set up a
really long slip and slide on it it's
just been that's been this better of fun
spot I haven't done that it'd be cool
like to just like do a vlog or do like
old fun stuff I used to do is it when I
was younger here just play around and do
stupid stuff I feel like when you get
older you just stop doing stupid stuff
which is probably a good thing but a
vlog is a good reason to to go back and
try out some stupid stuff you used to do
how are you like playing with the other
dogs like put a lull on Coco where are
you going Lola wants to know where
you're going and Coco just doesn't care
come here Coco come on go play with
everyone I'm back at my place now and I
told you guys earlier that I was gonna
go pick it up I was going to go pick up
a new gun that I got and I did and that
is right here it is made by Caltech and
it is the this is closed on this it is
the kel-tec KSG crazy bullpup style
shotgun this has been made famous by
movies like John wick with Keanu Reeves
as well as black ops 2 you can get this
shotgun the very interesting thing a
very intriguing thing that I found love
with about this shotgun is that it
actually has two magazine barrels or
magazine tube sorry that's my men
magazine tubes the barrels up here so it
has tubes go forward and back so if you
look in here you can actually see you
load it in two different areas and it
has a selector on which to which allows
this very short shotgun to hold 14
rounds plus one in the chamber or if
you're going to use some short shells
which you can buy short shells you can
probably get up to 24 shells plus 1
whereas my big shotgun can hold about
seven
plus one so this one is definitely I'm
definitely very intrigued to take this
out and try it out I got some
accessories for it it does not come with
any sort of sites at all so I just got
some magpul flip up sights front and
rear as well as a magpul for grip now
this is where it gets interesting with
this this is a mostly polymer gun so for
those who don't know but pretty much
plastic this Picatinny rail on the
bottom of the lower rail this one
appears metal this one down here is is
polymer and people we're hooking on for
grips to the polymer rail so that they
can they can pump it like that the
problem is is they would push it forward
really fast and because this is just a
polymer rail these teeth with sometimes
break off this would fly forward the gun
being pretty heavy over here not too
heavy but it would start to fall now
their hand is is right here and their
finger would be in the trigger guard and
what would catch the gun as its falling
their finger it would fire the gun
because their finger be on the trigger
for taming downrange or wherever they
are but they're for grip would fly off
the vertical foregrip and it would now
dip down aim at their hand and they were
blowing their own hands off that's why
people start to get really scared of
this if you search KSG accident or hand
accident or anything I warn you ahead of
time they do show pictures and it's
disgusting but people have blown off
their hands of this so this company was
awesome to send me this this was made by
high-tech custom concepts this is a
metal it's actually goes on yeah this
way a metal adapter that slides on and
I'll be able to put that on now it
actually screws in locks in it's all
good and the teeth will not break off
and when I'm using it it'll pull on this
whole thing so there is no more chance
of an accident and if you guys ever buy
this the KSG do not put a vertical
foregrip with on the polymer rail you
need a metal
this is metal a metal rail adapter for
this to the full size so that you can
have the leverage of it and then you
won't blow off your own hand so I'm
going to put this all together and i'll
show you guys what that looks like it's
all complete now it's got the metal
Picatinny rail adapter the magpul
vertical foregrip and the flip up sights
that you just hear this won't be easier
to show you push this down so if you
just slower flip up there you have it
there is the kel-tec KSG on a better
note friend you guys didn't know just
remember Alex bought me a Smith & Wesson
and this one centipede for my birthday
shield and all my new mods finally came
in we did it and this is what it is now
that's a Smith & Wesson M&P SHIELD oh
yeah we had to use the drill because
some of the screws that we were using
got stripped we had to remove it change
a bunch of things we also put a woman in
the kitchen and she was cooking what is
this what is this okay from Pinterest
it's my dream to make ways to be my
cooking schiavo's wait what is it though
it's a spinach artichoke ravioli bait
which is basically like a moth was on
yeah super easy to make
with me like 10-15 minutes to layer to
make everything layer it pop it in the
oven for 30 minutes used to hide the
recipe here yeah you had a link to it
i'll put the link in the description so
they can check it out we have to say
she's been telling me how amazing was
she made it for Brandon Brandon hadn't
said it was amazing not even that big of
a cheese family I don't like a lot of
cheese but this is like loaded with
cheese and I'm obsessed with it so i'll
put in the description i'm i'm excited
to try it and if you guys want to try to
you can go ahead and make it yourself
it's time it's time it's done we got to
eat it put some cheese oh I love cheese
mallow so good I want to like I want you
guys to be able to smell this looks
better than last time we decided all
scatter she's sitting over there Brandon
sitting over here I'm sitting over here
let's let's give this a go get some some
ravioli time in here here here we go
let's just cut this in half so I don't
burn the shit out of my mouth okay
Brendan what I think I need to have sex
with your girlfriend it's really good
okay then we don't need to i was just
that was like okay that's fine it's
great it's fantastic i love it you guys
should definitely try to make this
because i'm now obsessed with it Brandon
and Hannah just left and I'm not ready
to go to bed yet so I decided to do a
little arts and crafts some more of that
tactical arts and crafts I hear that new
KSG my remington 870 tactical and i
decided to cut out a new pelican case
for it that being my remington on this
being the case tree so let's do this
here it is boom k SG and the 870 flush
fit good cut I'm proud of myself and now
it's time for me to probably go to bed
cuz I'm tired I think it's pretty pretty
cool pretty cool you ready to go to bed
buddy you ready to go to bed I know I am
I'm tired I'm tired let's go to bed ok
guys what's all we got for today I got
we got me and Harvey got for you so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I'll
see you guys get soon goodbye
