hey guys it's a new day today yeah we're
we're hanging out near Santa Monica we
love a good day here in Santa Monica
look who's here haven't seen them since
last year's that rhymed here's Brandon
and Hanna you wee I'm hungry can we go
eat
are you guys hungry well we have a woman
here and we have a kitchen woman no I
don't know we're probably gonna probably
go soon
what you think you like cooking God God
created men and created women they
created men to eat the food that women
create people are gonna think you're
serious on
that was a very amazing and interesting
dinner don't get hit by car don't get
here by car let's there's no cars coming
to power its traffic our traffic our
there's like no cars at all
we always obey the rules anyway if you
guys go to Benihana and Santa Monica
definitely you guys should request that
you have sexual Edwyn as your I want
sexual anyways we actually just named
him sexual Edward but his name is Edwin
definitely requested if you guys are in
the area or even if it's a drive out
call him and Steve Edmunds working and
it's so fun I've never laughed harder at
dinner it was so funny you guys should
definitely go experience the best part
with mine he squirted sauce in your
mouth yeah oh yeah you guys is the end
of me watch a rush hour taking it back
to Carter Carter Carter
come on Carter
good car I know punk bitch okay guys
well hit it's time for me to go to bed
I'm pretty tired and I am very excited
because tomorrow I get to pick up my boy
mr. Harvey Bulldog and I missed him so
much since I mean John feels like I
haven't seen him in so long
so that's what I'm really looking
forward to tomorrow among another
surprise for you guys
you see that tomorrow but I'm tired I
had a good day I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I'll see you guys again
soon
do my Happy New Year it's not a new year
yet there it is for them it is East
Coast you're an East Coast I'm still I
might be just came here because so I
just wanted to happen here tired - no no
I'll give you a hug okay all right good
bye
