hey guys it's time to leave everyone's
got their two cases here's the bus let's
take us to the airport
goodbye goodbye little one goodbye
time to say goodbye
back to LA right
Oh
you fucking idiot
let go some people go to a resort and
other people go to the airport I know so
weird to LA he said that you said let's
have a costume party online
we are back i am home
boom back in Santa Monica beautiful
Southern California but it's nighttime
if you guys have seen so that you guys
don't think that there's just like weird
paint things going on if you guys have
seen my apartment well and they notice
they're like whoa I didn't know DC had
that when I was in that room over there
they were like what's that painting
above your bed they noticed things
there's a painting above your ok so face
t that they're not gonna think it's
weird that there's just like weird like
tritones I'm just saying that from we're
we're looking for different colors in
the apartment and these the beams used
to be like this white color like they
still are and we're finding out like
maybe we like these dark ones are signs
that so we're checking things out and we
actually didn't know they started
painting while we were gone but they did
and I like the dark ones I think it
looks cool and we're picking some new
wall colors and stuff so we're just
getting a whole new year makeover whole
apartment like you good master down that
little bastard out mingling
since we got back so last minute for new
years we didn't really have time to plan
anything you have a party here go out
and do anything most of my friends are
gone Brandon's at a part of this family
Jake is in Colorado everyone's kind of
out doing their own thing i name two
friends and that was all but uh cam
Riley and I are gonna celebrate we
wanted to we wanted to make cookies to
bring you the new year family style so
white shit white chocolate chip
macadamia nut cookies not from scratch
clearly it's just Betty Crocker cuz she
does it right now we need to add is like
butter and egg and then we'll be good we
have an egg in it and then all we need
to do is add one third cup that's gonna
be really hard Riley why cuz how are you
gonna get that into there I guess really
you just grab the most concave spoon
okay it's hard a double spoon there you
got that not just it's fine just go for
that one now looking good and you said
it smells like cookies it smells like
cookie yeah why all right cuz that is no
dude you dog cookie dough put shit on a
baking sheet shit on the sheet shit on
the sheet
oh that won't is good at the cookies
yeah happy new year it's not a new year
yet there is it is for them it is east
coast you're an East Coast I'm still I
might East Coast we just came here today
because so I just wanted it behind
happen here tired dad and no no I'll
give you a hug
happy new year okay go goodbye oh yeah
oh yeah cookies cookies cookies cookies
cookies yeah yeah cookies are done but
it Baron just eating a regular cookie
dip it in your coffee Oh buddy oh it's
good of amazing it's the new year happy
2015 starting 2016 little pieces
how's the rail is gonna break the window
there sheesh
I just had a wonderful sleep and that
wonderful asleep was cut short by them
no I was it was fantastic you guys
should actually go to Jackies vlog she
had a goal that she was gonna hit 10,000
subscribers before new years and she hit
it she had it last night before midnight
so she did it you guys should go check
out her channel cuz she just woke me up
and it was it was Britt it was a new
year today when I woke up he can't even
talk yet i'm still don't know anything
for the new year he's gonna try to find
his work sitting one day I will find
them but I hope that you guys had a
great new year's eve and that you guys
are ready for the new year and I wished
the best all of you and thank you for
all your continued support and I love
you all and right now I'm going to end
it so I can we go take a take a shower
and then we're gonna go to breakfast so
that's it I'll see you guys good soon
goodbye
