hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
surrounded by lobsters hi lobsters how
are you hey you doing okay it's Frank
and Samm the lobsters we're walking
through the aquarium you guys sat on my
first day here but it was dark so here's
all the things that are lit up
mallu fishy where the Sharks and stuff I
don't see any sharks right now I see big
fish like that one up there
I was looking at all these fish I didn't
even realize to look down at these damn
those are big this definitely looks like
a spider and I'll found 1i like swim by
it just because it looks like such a
creepy spider I like like these though
seahorses mr. kitten has found a home by
the larvae because hi you're out what
but in your bar can I have my ball
camera when do I not have my bar camera
mr. kid I decided to her lasagna for
dinner and they said it could be a
little bit big but I said how big can it
be right
this that's my hand that's the lasagna
from the fucking nitrogen oh yeah and
the fork in the oh dear that is a big
big honking for trying to take it down
it's actually a family-style if it's not
just mine I lied i'm a liar I'm sorry oh
yeah party in the room party of a bug
battle that's the big partier you're the
big partier just like a really clear
this is today's Riley Clinton's chief
Reilly clip I 147 does it every day is
just this is this is my kisses Riley
clay this is moriah this this is not
young and it's not too short it's just
just right just 123 dollars of a one
cent machine check this out 123 dollars
haha you buddy no way
again right one of the head what another
sixty six dollars in the next in are you
kidding me what time is it at him it's
15 of the more now I cash out now you
cash out cash out we're heading back up
and I wasn't even gonna say anything
because I felt like such an idiot for
not vlogging in but I'm just gonna tell
you goodnight camp goodnight okay ah
good work but I am going to tell you
Adam earlier I was so excited I was
screaming that I didn't even pull out my
blog while he was playing not during
this time a little earlier tonight he he
got the bonus on that one cent machine
there's a reason we keep playing it just
keeps paying out and in that one cent
machine he won in one bonus game five
hundred fifty dollars five hundred fifty
dollars in one spin of that one said she
and then he 123 and then he went 66
alone after what is it like Terry
no a little gassy sleepy time yeah I'll
just be over here Austin you'd be
comfortable anyway that's gonna be it
for today for the vlog for that's it so
I hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again soon goodbye we
were just playing in a casino and
someone came up and told me that Michael
Jordan is in there playing we saw the
table it's all blocked off and
everything they're not letting anyone
near but I know you guys want to see
kiss i won
you so I'm going to try to go they have
like a bar or they're not going to
balance my camera on the ledge and see
if I get this like let it roll for a
little and hope to get like a shot for
you guys and he's in a table it's him
josh harris who is the owner of the
seventy sixers and Derek Jeter who looks
pretty tan so I didn't even recognize
him at first but let's see hopefully
we'll get a shot and not get kicked out
