hey guys it's a new day today and it's
another day here at the Bahamas I see a
bunch of fishies
what was that something just came up
over there I think it's a stingray ah
yeah so we are just walking around I
think we're gonna make our way over to
the pool you guys saw the GoPro stuff I
didn't bring in town today I'm not gonna
do that every day cuz then I gotta look
out for my GoPro while I'm in there and
worry about it so we're just gonna hang
out and stuff there we go hello
what well there's a lot of fish right
here yeah whoa why are they cool to walk
by and see all this stuff they have
water slides here that go through the
shark tanks look
Archer Bueller's dead
see there's three of them is there one
swimming you see a fish down there that
was five steps I don't see people
there's two there's one that goes
through slowly so you actually see
what's going on but here's one swimming
then they have one that goes really fast
through it look at my list if you can't
see anything when you're going that fast
what yeah that's thing you can you can
rent those and go in the shark tank you
undo it
I don't like sharp he's actually we've
gotten sharkslayer before sharks in the
ocean really close though that was cool
but this would be cool thing to try look
who's here times welcome we've been
waiting for you we couldn't party until
you got here can I have something hey
Abby can I have no no wow you
wife-carrying what she was sharing me
off-camera she's like thank you Pierre
do you want it back there you go there
you go oh you want to give it to me
again okay
thank you here I'll give it back to you
take that put that over there and then
here take this there you go
sharing is caring our friend is back Hey
Hey look at what I got look at what I
got look at what I got oh yeah that's
good some lunch some lunchable meat for
you okay let me pick it up off the
ground see oh you got it there we go oh
yeah you're hungry here you want this oh
you're finding other pieces look what I
got look what I got there you go
Jackie brought me something really cool
you showed that well you showed them on
yours this is a different vlog this is
my vlog but it's not you should watch it
matters it's just like with Jackie for
flavor I'm almost at ten thousand so if
you subscribed to my channel I'll be at
ten thousand that'll be like a later
Christmas present for her you guys and
birthday you could give her that as a
birthday present
it hit ten thousand you guys should do
that but she brought these if you guys
ever seen like on Romans blog camera he
is like the fuzzy on the top and
everybody talks about it those are these
the micro Windjammers they stick on to
the whatever microphone you're using a
built-in microphone she's acting out
sticky now but so this will be these are
really good like these cameras they
block out all the wind and stuff or else
you can't hear me so these are what they
look like in case any of you guys want
to buy them or order them they're pretty
cool so I'm gonna put mine on mine and
hers on hers right now I always tell you
guys that if you happen to see me you
should always Club and that's for
anywhere in the world including that the
Bahamas that I bumped into an ATM right
here he thought she'd bring it up for me
la represented play blackjack and was
just Chapman said I need a hug so I gave
him a hug while I was playing a
blackjack table I don't know if anyone
else understood why motivated most
genuine guy over me I appreciate that
and I said that I can't they won't let
me film with the casino so we need to
step out so that I could make sure that
I get him on the vlog but he's actually
from LA from Beverly Hills USA and I
flew all the way here to see he's also a
really good liar and that was I totally
missed his hand and everything I'm just
an awkward person but it was really good
to meet you he's so much I'm sure well
well he's got a table tomorrow so I'm
probably gonna join him for some free
we'll see we'll see I'll try out we were
just playing in a casino and someone
came up and told me that Michael Jordan
is in there playing we saw the table
it's all blocked off and everything
they're not letting anyone near but I
know you guys would want to see cuz I
would want to see so I'm gonna try to go
there like a part or they're not gonna
balance my camera on the ledge and see
if I could just like let it roll for a
little and hope to get like a shot for
you guys and he's in a table it's him
Josh Harris who is the owner of the
76ers and Derek Jeter who looks pretty
tan so I didn't even recognize
first but let's see hopefully we'll get
a shot and not get kicked out
he
without back in the room and we had
herself a good night good day and the
shop of of Michael and Michael Jordan
and Derek Jeter and Josh Harris - it was
okay I couldn't get Michael Jordan's
face like face on but you got it from
that side angle so that was that was
good enough that's what's the best I
could do until the guard realized I was
filming and stepped in front of him to
block it whatever
I tried but we I'm tired I'm gonna go to
bed cuz we went to bed super late last
night and I think it's already like I
don't know I don't know what time it is
it is not terrible it's 10 after 2:00
and we want to have a full day tomorrow
so on that note I will see you guys
again soon goodbye green light here we
go
so it drops you off underground
