hey guys it's a new day and it's the
first official day were here and are you
ready retire I'm not I woke up feeling
okay the whole family's about to be here
in like a few minutes so we're just
waiting on them and then we'll start our
vacation what are we doing there if you
want we should swim it with sea lions
maybe not today
well we have to have that but you have
to fly to that I want to swim in some
pigs too
no no don't film you don't know me you
whole family is here now so we got a
everyone's got to take their bags up and
stuff before we could go to like pools
and bars Agostino see this is actually
my cousin zach is 18 and this is the
first that like family vacation we've
been on that he's legally allowed to
drink and Gamble
that ages eighteen here in the Bahamas
so he's really excited I said just
because you could legally drink doesn't
mean you should over drink he's like I
know but I'm ready to go get it so he's
excited about that so I brought oh why
do you do that every time I film he's
grande my nipples oh I think he wants
the drink from my nipples
I brought my my GoPro session then
actually uh mine broke and then I got a
new one from GoPro which got stolen in
the package which prompted my package
the video and then my sister and Alex
got me this one for my birthday so I'm
excited I get to use it here the pools
here are amazing this pool area here at
the hotel is a hundred and ninety one
acres a pool area water slides of
everything water slides that go through
shark tanks everything so this would be
fun to use this and makes them some good
vlog vlog stuff for you guys so I'm
excited we're gonna head down to we have
a Cabana so we're gonna head over there
and then maybe get some food maybe
swimming and do whatever we have a good
time
are you remember lady you hang it out
what's your name we should we should get
a picture should we get one let's get a
picture here hey
mmm perfect really good to reach it I'm
sure I'll see you around
have fun it's time to go swimming so I'm
gonna go switch over to the GoPro and
I'm gonna go and go cool
yeah the GoPro time to go swimming don't
touch my nipples day
we had such a fun day and we will decide
the gamble little night you can't film
in a casino so I couldn't show much of
that but now we're walking around check
out these yachts damn one day right nice
but I think we're trying to look for
where my parents are now and stuff but
this is super nice it's like all these
yachts park here to come stay at this
resort right they come to stay here yeah
it's about 3:30 in the morning and it is
the perfect time we just got back from
the casino we went back and we decided
to get room service the a Boise chicken
noodle soup chicken noodle soup and I
got ice Delphis a Caesar salad Caesar
salad with the lettuce inside we had a
good time and when you're gambling in
the casino here they provide you with
liquid motivation to keep gambling I'm
not I'm not a big gambler and I don't
gamble a ton of money but I had fun
doing it and now I'm hungry so I'm going
to eat and I'm gonna end it here and I'm
gonna then I'm gonna end it and put it
up okay guys I'm done you have anything
else you want to say is it out of focus
it is there you got here what do you
wanna say Austin what you wanna say
thumbs up cool continue this trip have
fun and and Merry Christmas
it's it is Christmas Day a bunch of
philosophy Navidad Feliz Navidad Merry
Christmas and Sparrow and a half I hope
you guys got great gifts cuz you deserve
it
I'll see you guys again soon goodbye
hi back to secret you went secret before
we're on a plane clearly and we're going
to the Bahamas
for like a week 8 days something I don't
know anyway I'm really excited we're
about to fly there and actually fly to
Florida and then we got to take a
connecting flight over the Bahamas you
look excited
