hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently headed out to the valley over
by where Andrea lives I told her I was
gonna go get lunch with her and stuff so
I'm gonna go over there and hang out and
we have something else pretty cool
planned so you guys see that in just a
bit I rolled down the window for a
second and it's pretty feels like really
hot here and I was like how warm is it
in Santa Monica Santa Monica it is
currently 74 degrees I've only driven
about 20-25 minutes Emily that's 96
degrees outside okay from 74 to 96 and
just like 20 25 minutes away there's so
much traffic here oh I see an accident
coming up
how the hell does that happen
the emergency crews that just showed up
I see here's the fire truck and
everything
daym would you do boy damn look at this
thing
oh
hello hey I just showed you guys the
heat here and Andrea what's wrong
usually fire conditioning is broken if
you saw some the other blogs we were
sitting in the car after the car wash
yeah you're like she rolled her windows
down she doesn't I'm very conditioning
so my buddy Max is trying to fix it you
guys have met max actually a bunch of
times into his shop but he met and you
know max was in like one of my very
first vlog they're probably like vlog
number two or blogging them one yeah
hello are you coming here to pick up
Chad's car did you drink last night and
leave your car Tim no you were driving I
remember
take away your shirt he's also currently
building this racing go-kart this is
sick he owns this shop and does pretty
much anything you need him to do this is
the new decoration we're my parents
house now and this one is the evil one
you're not evil to me though yeah evil
to me miss Lola you ready to pet Lola
just just look she's she smells fear she
senses fear so you just kind of like
reach in and just like pet look at how
like you an unassuming she looks right
now she looks really adorable just go
just just go to bed do you have good
reflexes she wants it she wants it to
kill me do you usually get Delorme you
drop it down for her it's got your head
okay but you got it you got it
see I'm not yeah we didn't come all the
way out here just to hang out and get
lunch out here we actually came out here
I brought something with me because
Santa Monica is not the safest place for
this to learn and I want to teach Andrea
something you ready to learn
how to ride a motorcycle
I brought my honda grom here to
Calabasas because there's not very many
people in the street at all actually
there's no one in the street over here
off camera I showed her like how to
shift gears and stuff like that while I
was sitting on it
just so that she has a general idea of
where things are but she this is the
first time she's sitting on it to try to
ride it so you might see a bunch of
stalls which is totally fine that's
completely normal for anyone learning
but at least she knows like where the
shifter is where the clutch is she
doesn't know how to drive stick in a car
so this is like completely new first
things first let's kick up the kickstand
so you're gonna hold on to this yep
there you go you have a good feel on the
bike kind of balanced yeah II wiggle
back and forth and you're not gonna drop
it cool please don't drop it flip the
switch and then go ahead and start it
yep there you go it's on put it in gear
just tap it one down there you go you
can keep your feet off to the side if
you need to and now slowly release that
and you'll feel start to get if you need
to you could grab this again they'll
disengage
you feel start to pull you so that's
when it's gonna go so now without
pulling this squeeze that all the way in
I want you to see thing so go ahead and
turn that but just see that's like too
much right there you just want
there you go that's like that's all
you're gonna need to get it going
you're gonna start releasing this when
it starts to catch you're gonna turn
that just a little to get moving and
then you'll put your feet on the pegs
and you only have to go tiny a small
distance while you're moving if you want
to stop squeeze the clutch in all the
way so that disengages and then you
could use the brakes to stop because you
won't be going fast you'll be in first
gear this is your very first time let's
see release that just until it starts to
go there and then give it a little guess
too much too much guess yeah just a tiny
bit and as you release off the clutch
there you go
turn to right lean to the right grab the
clutch in if you need to one thing that
I noticed with her is that when she's
going straight she wants to turn but
she's not turning and that's also called
targeting where you're just looking
straight and you actually want to really
look into your turns if you're gonna
turn on a bike so she should if she
wants to go left start to look left and
you kind of follow in that way if you
want to turn right look right and then
you'll go that way attempt number two
there you go
such release more than there you go give
it a little more throttle or release off
the clutch a little and then if you want
to turn right you're gonna look right
remember you can always grab the clutch
if you need to and you have your brake
your rear brakes on your right foot
there you go you can put it neutral yup
you did it no you're good
you know we're gonna do we're gonna go
down there and now you get a try ish no
no you're gonna try gear shifting we
made sure that she put on her sweatshirt
for a little bit more protection here
once you start to hear the revs going
pretty high you're gonna squeeze in the
clutch all the way you're gonna lift
your foot so that you can put it into
second gear slowly release the clutch as
you give it a little bit more throttle
and you'll be in second gear what you're
gonna be doing while you're moving which
is easier it's a lot more forgiving
there you go
pick it up a second throttle into it
oh she got it it's a little bit rough
but she got it
you did you're officially a biker chick
we are back at the apartment now she
learned it but then my camera died and I
had like a shot on my iPhone and stuff
like that but we'll just have to go do
like a full day of maybe like motovlog
with her - yeah there she is here here
she is there you is did you I did that's
perfect
cuz look what just came in the mail
today hello fresh if you guys don't
already know that I love Hello fresh by
now then you haven't been watching my
vlogs long enough or like pretty much at
all because I absolutely love Hello
fresh so does this lady right here me
too
hello fresh said that they now started
their light fall meals so I'm excited to
try one of these this is always like
such an amazing mystery of what we got
because Oh another apron I can add it to
my collection
yeah well we got what we got what we got
what we got what we got what we got
we've got mushroom gravy chicken sounds
nice one pana hearty pork chili also
sounds nice steak and nectarine salad
I'm thinking mushroom gravy chicken yeah
well andrew is getting everything out of
the box and ready I figured for the few
of you that don't know that I love
hellofresh and haven't seen one my other
hellofresh blogs it is like my favorite
company to work with because one I just
love their food they only send amazing
food to I hate going to the store you
guys always ask why I go out all the
time and it's because I don't like to go
shopping buy stuff and things go bad all
the time they send out pre-measured
things like everything is perfectly
measured out and super fresh - exactly
what we need for the recipe no more no
waste free shipping it can't get better
and I know that I'm sound like I'm just
like selling the crap out of this but
that's because I love it and I also love
that when I do a hello fresh vlog you
guys put in the comments you should
hello fresh blogs every blog I see that
every time I do it and like any other
sponsor I workers people like oh okay
this is just great let's just get cookin
you ready to dig in
yeah you do get first but want to get
all of the goodness there you go
really good I'll have to send piece of
chicken a little bit of sauce a little
bit of couscous
oh I like that that sauce is so good
yeah yeah hello fresh good sounds good
there we go
couscous tiny bit you fault thank you so
much hello fresh for sponsoring this
vlog and for keeping both of us fed and
healthy everything it's just amazing and
if you guys want to give hellofresh a
try
go ahead and use my promo code which is
right here Alex Mandel 30 and you get
three dollars off your first order so go
ahead do it I promise you won't regret
it I went ahead and added the link to
hello fresh comm in the description
below I'm full I'm satisfied we had a
great meal you learned how to ride a
motorcycle so fun and I can't wait to do
it more I know she's like a learn well
now now you got to go get your permit so
you can at least like legally try it out
here yeah exactly that's it that's all
we got for you so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon goodbye
