hey guys it's a new day fit I started my
blog here hi Lucan sister posted back to
secret you went secret before we're on a
plane clearly and we're going to the
Bahamas
for like a week eight days something I
don't know anyway I'm really excited
we're about to fly there actually flying
to Florida that we got to take a
connecting flight over the Bahamas you
look excited here we go see my mom
I you see if you're not scared yet she's
got a good flyer
my mom gets pretty Sierra fine
start over here
and we're off on the first flight and
then we got to go to a connecting flight
to Nassau Bahamas because you can't fly
these big planes directly there we got
to take a smaller one out cuz I guess
they're airport dismiss me Kylie look no
look look look that's right Ted is this
yours what is yours okay no no light yep
let's do it
this uber what this is beautiful it's
uber important this is I'm happy I got
that I'm here seeing he and Lisa
realizes it's not split you know what
this is what I can see this yeah it's a
courtesy shuttle Oh
be driving an empty cart I want to do
oh just keep you company that's nice
here we go on to the next plane on the
way to fossil mamas well I'm here wow
this is a nice room I get the first
night to myself and then we go on these
trips with like 25 of us 25 26 of us so
my cousins are coming i'm sharing its
run with to my cousins so I get one
night of it being clean and smelling ok
and then stinky people come you know my
cousins they like to fart and stuff no I
have a good time with them but they'll
be here tomorrow so I get this to myself
you know my stove and my salt and pepper
why do I have a stove I guess I could
cook here not that I need to because I'm
not trying to cook here but I can if I
want to miss the bathroom he's Batman
that's nice exactly cut it I gotta go
bathroom the toilet the toilet gods are
asking me to sit up my porcelain throne
again nice I don't these these are weird
I'm going to close those when i have my
cousin's here but other than that this
is fantastic i think we're gonna go
explore around the hotel a little bit
i've been here before but i love it this
is just like you know when i go to
Romans house and he has his aquarium
it's like the same size as this aquarium
that goes all the way oh my god this is
so cool
they have so many I want I want it like
a shark to come up I know they have like
a bunch of stuff oh look at this yeah
that big guy deal and I see more stuff
over there oh this is good malt look at
this nops just meeting oh my god did a
shark down there right there lying
skills oh look at this thing look at
this little one like making my own I
feel like if I if I just made scuba
diving noises I can I could lie to you
guys I'm taking as a scuba diving it
it's like keep moving around down here
well I touched it flies look look at the
look at the one swimming towards us I
also want to tell you guys about
something really cool but unfortunately
it's pretty much only for you Canadians
that are watching those of you in Canada
like specifically in Canada not just
from camp the sitcom you guys saw me
work on a while ago with my dad called
the family business is now
airing you're now able to watch it on
Global TV com or you can download the
global go app that can watch it for
those of you that can
I already got some responses for the
closer oh yeah I've got the survey cuz
that that helps give us feedback on what
you guys think I have gotten some
responses from people that are in the US
who found a way to watch it through a
VPN or whatever I don't know how they
did that but anyway it is available for
you guys in Canada and you should
definitely check it out here's like they
have these little tiny little snippet
ads for that they're not telling me to
tell you this I'm just excited because
it's a show that I was that it worked
off my dad check out this is this little
like snippet I'll give you unka be too
little snippets check these out that's
not working would you do on YouTube it's
not a job this is what you get paid for
we're look I'm hard at work the family
business watch it now only on global
going global TV com I played his son
well you are my son he plays my dad no I
am your father what are you doing out
here are you doing
I I
it's just a random kitten out here
hi hi oh the car
show those sexy legs okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today we're
gonna have herself a fun trip you guys
will get some awesome bahama vlogs
bahama baba wawa two hours when I live
out bags some bahama bucks bahamas logs
it just sounded better bahama bahama law
anyway the rest of my family will be
here tomorrow so you guys will see them
too and I'm excited for this and I hope
you are too so I will see you guys again
soon goodbye we have naughty Santa's
daughter here oh yeah work it work it
I'm such a creeper both of them are
looking at me like wow hannah is she's
in the quarry yes what well we're gonna
take an Instagram picture right now for
we could be should well yeah but this
would be a prince again criterion
friends to go okay just because my place
I don't know never okay let's take it
it's good fiction
