hey guys today's a new day and I got
some stuff planned I got to shoot a
trick video finally shooting a drink
video gotta go prep buy a bunch of stuff
for that and then we'll be good to go
this will be this would be a good one
I'm excited for this yeah it'll be good
I don't want to show you guys all the
outfits that we that I'm using for for
this yet you'll see it in the drink
video or when we're prepping actually
you'll see it but we are at a Christmas
tree lock because I need to be a
mistletoe for the video so we couldn't
find anywhere else where Christmas tree
a Jew at a Christmas tree long yeah but
okay we have cookies here there's gonna
be cookies in the streak video and
Hannah is gonna be making them all I'm
doing is winning this and then what are
you doing you're baking them no okay all
you dudes three subs to see Pillsbury he
oven to 350 yeah alright let's do that
no I know that but what I'm saying is
you are technically baking cookies
regardless of what you're not making the
dough no because we need to good that's
good you see all my pajamas
well we just wrapped on the drink video
ding-a-ling-a-ling I'm an elf oh and we
have naughty Santa's daughter here oh
yeah
work it work it I'm such a creeper both
of them are looking at me like wow well
we're gonna take it it's a good picture
right now for we could be shed yeah but
this would be a for Instagram friends to
go okay just because at my place I don't
know never okay let's take it it's go
pig shit Megan I went to dinner a good
time and then turned out valet left the
light on it here and the car's dead
we're trying to figure it out was that
okay so we could jump it okay Alex is
doing man stuff
get a charge oh goodness
so we just jumped it and we're good to
go
I know sometimes whenever I put like in
the ballet or sign they leave the light
on or they left the light on and we ran
a battery it's what happens okay we're
good I love getting gifts for the
holidays and you now sent me a box with
a you-now hat awesome a you-now shirt
right I believe that is yep and look at
this
I got myself a selfie stick dude I've
never owned a selfie stick except like
my GoPro and like it go polls everything
but I don't I've never owned a good
selfie stick so time to take some
selfies yeah buddy
selfie time thank you you now that's
awesome possum I didn't even know you
were gonna send me something thank you
something else also came in the mail you
guys know that you saw my my newest
little handgun the sick P 238 which is
this one and I told you I hate these
grips so I got rid of them I got my VZ
grips in and I already installed and I'm
putting this on so you guys could see
what that looks like
honestly this grip right here just looks
terrible in my opinion and it's also
just such a cheap plastic it feels like
it's a toy grip on a real gun I just did
not like it and it's slippery like this
is like super slippy so slippy dippy
anyway got rid of these now I got these
so much nicer in my opinion it's just
much cleaner look at least I think I
don't know you guys tell me what you
think but it's it's so tiny but yeah I
like this so much better than those
chibi plastic great ones I have to be up
somewhat early tomorrow I
summer I need to be at 9 a.m. and it is
now currently 255 a.m. but that's
because I am now exporting my drink
video I decided to finish it it is
supposed to I plan for it to be up on
Christmas Eve I even said in the video
it's Christmas Eve but I realized when I
make a drink video for a holiday you're
saying that it should be released
beforehand so that you could make the
drinks for those holidays not learn
about them when it's too late and you
haven't bought the stuff that you should
have for it so with that being said the
video is now up for you guys because I'm
putting this up soon as it's done so the
video is now up and you should
definitely check it out and trust me
there's something you guys have been
wanting to see I know that so the link
is down in the description please go
watch that video show it some love I put
some work into it so turn out I think it
turned out great
go ahead like it share it if you haven't
already subscribed to the drinks channel
we're gonna be doing more stuff on there
and yeah I think this is a great one so
I'm just got a stamp till has his export
done exporting and I'm going to put it
up and it should be I'm excited but on
that note I will end up here because I
should be going to bed harvey is already
passed out army
owlette whatever he does he's
he needs he's got to get his beauty rest
so I will see you guys get soon goodbye
get in my hair did your recording yeah
get the beep beep camera what you know
like your haircut is gonna make me find
girls and so would you say every time it
never works
oh maybe this time you know I yeah yeah
you can say that also cuz you don't like
to lie no
