hey guys it's a new day today and if
you've noticed I cleaned up my beard
it's not so scraggly dirty gross sauce
and that's because I'm getting a haircut
today I love getting my hair cut so
cherish is coming over here a little bit
later to cut my hair and to cut Jade's
hair we both need a haircut pretty bad I
did my hair this morning so I have stuff
in my hair so I need to take another
shower just to wash it out so that she
cut it or else should be trying to work
with hair that that has stuff in it
doesn't work so well so probably end up
taking like three showers today cuz I
gotta take one after I'll just be very
clean boy today and I'll have a new
fresh haircut getting my hair did you're
recording yeah get the beep beep knock
their rotten watching out like your
haircut is gonna make me find girls and
so would you say every time it never
works I mean oh maybe this time you know
I love you yeah yeah you can say that
okay also cuz you don't like to lie no
all duh check this uh looking
Shh I like it I think it looks great
thank you thank you cherish logis I can
go I'll go with it thank you myself
because now she's cutting Jake's hair
and then Luke's hair we all shared
barber yeah cherish is Brit that's why I
only get my haircut later I don't even
have to say anything as you get the
singer cut every time hey hear your gift
oh oh sorry oh that's Rosie thank you do
that looks good thank you fine bye-bye I
like my like this too there's something
just therapeutic about sucking hair food
the whole
I think there is no I think it's just
nice like just too
oh yeah it's just something so nice
about it as you guys have seen in some
previous vlogs I've talked about you
know working with a few different brands
I've worked with in the past one of them
that I really love working with which is
jelly splash because it is a game I play
and you guys have seen we talked about
it before and I asked him if anything
cool what's coming up for the holidays
because you guys actually love playing
that game and you i'm still getting
tweets and messages about what level you
guys are on or what you're stuck on so
it's something that I contact them being
look my viewers are actively loving the
app i love the app is there any sales or
anything going on coming up so they did
tell me that they're actually having a
bunch of cool stuff coming out for
Christmas and New Year's they're having
for the veteran players there's going to
be like for those of you that are really
good you know like my level you're going
to be getting some cool sales and they
also have some cool prizes that will
come out to have a Christmas event where
you going to have to find three
different items and you'll get some cool
rewards from there and boosts from there
as well as a new years sale and a new
year's event so they have a lot of stuff
that's coming out and a lot of cool
things that are going to help you get
past those levels that are really hard
to get past because I every time I think
like I'm just gonna be stuck at this
level and then fly past like 10 more no
I get past that level and then I you
know like I told you guys I was stuck on
83 I'm on 8 8 85 you guys drive hundred
something I'm trying here but with these
booths and items I could definitely get
past it just like that's how I got past
83 was actually completing one of these
events and getting some cool boots so
you guys should give it a shot I'm going
to put the link down below to download
the app on your phone or you can play it
on facebook if you don't have a phone
for some reason but anyways check it out
let me know what score you aren't in the
comments below so that you guys can make
me jealous or for those of you that are
lower than me I'm just better that's
what it comes down too so maybe you
could prove yourself better than me but
anyway just wanted to tell you guys you
guys knew what was coming up because I'm
definitely gonna use it and I love
working with this company because it's
something I actually use so just wanted
to let you guys know okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
want to start up a new blog I got some
cool things coming that I'm shooting
today I'm shooting a new drink me yeah
finally right new drink videos so that
should you'll see that in tomorrow's
blog the shooting for that and hopefully
i don't know maybe even i don't know
maybe even the drake video but you'll
know in tomorrow's blog i'll let you
guys know i'm excited for this one this
one should be great it's a Hollywood day
one and yeah so on that note I'll see
you guys again soon no Bob Roman left
his taser here and so my sister and her
friends are coming back right now and
maybe I could scare them the way he
scared bread which is right here let's
see
it was three we will uh it is Roman left
it here you can play with it
