hey guys it's a new day today and and
what Jake I usually has something to
tell them and it's raining it's raining
which is new it's wet outside you're
we're also going to store we are because
Alex couldn't think of a gift on his own
no what whoa no okay so I know that jake
has been wanting these shoes and I
finally encompass I've been trying to
figure out exactly what shoes he's been
wanting without actually asking him and
it just got to the point where I'm like
you should probably just go try them on
to to see if you like them so now we're
going to go so I could buy him his gift
to that he's been wanting not because I
didn't know what to get you because I do
know what you want right shoes shoes
it's what he's been warning so a free
gift is coming it's just soon yeah he
signed with the one he got that means I
don't know what that is he said it's a
surprise so hopefully that'll be here
soon to scuzz the shipping USPS has been
dropping the ball on a bunch of
shipments saying that like there's I
ordered something that says it's still
in Tallahassee like three days ago and
there's no way this actually should be
going today well we'll see you today is
a day full of presence those the ones
you're thinking yes they were
we should do custom insult right here
they do like custom insoles and they
measure out everything of where you
stand on your foot so you can get custom
insulin out into the rain oh my god it's
wet on this camera well you got your
yeah you're welcome it's rainy I have to
get her water yeah we got to go back to
the car okay well happy holidays the
gift of shoes Roman left his taser here
and so my sister and her friends are
coming back right now maybe I could
scare them the way he scared Brendan
which is right here let's see
three we will it is Roman left it here
you can play with it I I scared her and
I didn't even introduce her back on the
vlog you guys secret sisters here cuz
she's not swamped with schoolwork right
now what's junior college secret sister
cuz usually she doesn't like to be on
the vlog but she didn't even mind at
that time secret sisters growing up but
we are now going to head over to Busby's
the bar and have ourselves a good
Saturday is it Saturday yeah it'sit's
Saturday for us not for you but we're
gonna go ahead and grab some drinks Jake
and a few other people already went and
took an uber but there was five of them
so we have taken another one so that we
can all fit and we're gonna meet him
over there
Cheers I think they're busy cheers
cheers Cheers
just be able to be on Oh go tiny
pretty empty
the holidays here
we went from one bar to the other one as
you guys saw and I realized when I was
gonna go pay for a drink that I had left
my credit card at the first bar and I
was like damn it whenever I'll go back
there after I got to the other bar to
which for those who don't know in
California the bars need to close at
2:00 I got the right at 2:00 and I said
hey I left my credit card here and they
were like like there was still a ton of
people there not like standing out front
they were kicking everyone out and then
there was a girl who worked there it was
like you need to be more responsible
jeez I was okay I'm sorry you get my
card they go you can't come in I was
like can you bring it out here it's my
credit card they're like yes so much
attitude I don't understand all I wanted
was my credit card they ended up giving
it back to me so it was great but I
didn't think I needed all that just hey
I left my credit card
okay we'll go get it like that would
have been easy I've been enough I got
there too it's not like I came back and
like 4:00 in the morning or Howard came
back the next day and I'd hold it for me
to read but yeah
back back now and and with my credit
card I feel happy I feel good well guys
it's a new day and I just went for
breakfast and I want to end this vlog
and after that breakfast that bathroom
is totally calling my name saying hey
Alex
we got your porcelain throne here with
your name all over it
come and sit relieve yourself somebody
go do that I'm gonna listen to the voice
of the bathroom gods and relieve myself
and on that note I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye okay
continuing you to string that is really
good wow I like that good - good good
move Jake really good ya know it's good
for celebrating that was really good I
want a slice of pizza
