hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently driving over to I'm meeting a
friend of mine halfway she lives pretty
far i live in Santa Monica so we're
making that like a halfway point route
like a city called sherman oaks over
here and we're gonna go for sushi I
haven't seen her in a while so it'll be
good to catch up she was telling me that
she has the day off work she's a nurse
you guys have seen her in past vlogs
like when she graduated now she's a job
at a hospital she doesn't work today so
she wanted to get lunch and so I'm gonna
head over there meet her I'm excited to
see her I haven't seen her in a while
we'll just we're just gonna catch up
it's always it's always good to see
friends you don't see that yeah
little in sky you guys have met you you
have work off I'm being the awkward when
is blogging headless issue bar but I
think I haven't even tried it yet
because I was like I got a blog at first
is it good though it's really good it's
really good Sherman Oaks if you guys
ever there she says I've been here
before I really like now I'm with my
buddy old friend friend old pal her call
me friend old pal friend old pal buddy
old friend ever call me that okay God we
are at the gun store because if you guys
don't remember I got him a M&P shield
for his Bert not birthday matter love
birthday as a Hanukkah present because
Hanukkah presents you give gotten that's
not a space this is compact no it
doesn't thank you uh oh I don't know if
you will this is not compact you're in a
big truck this is anyway we're looking
for parking because the parking lots
always filled at the gun store but we're
picking up his gift and then I'll show
you guys one sweet once we get it cuz i
can't i can't film in there they don't
like it we are back at my place right
now na you are now the new owner la's
smith & wesson M&P SHIELD go ahead and
reveal your Hanukkah oh oh that looks
nice and it has the mag in it that has
the allows for an extra round and some
extra space so he could fit his paper
may need lunch pinky because he's got a
really big pinky pinky now this gun is
not that big right it's pretty small
hold it just like in your hands well you
have big hands so but it is yeah hold in
your hand so I'm gonna see how small
your hands are ok put it in my hand yeah
I have a small little hands
yeah but i also picked up something as
well i picked up another sig sauer
firearm but I have to this is something
I just I've been wanting I just thought
it was something cool to have I never
thought I wanted to like this until
recently and I was like it would be cool
to have one of those I I always go for
like those big firearms like my 416
stuff this is like other end of the
spectrum this is my sig p238 my little
one little little let's take this out
this one is really small really small
and I actually absolutely hate these
grips that are on it so I ordered new
grips and they will be here tomorrow and
you guys will see what grips i have put
on it but this little thing is just it's
just a little baby but I think it's
really cool I'm excited about it can't
wait to try it out and just a new one to
add to the collection we just come check
it out I am waiting your perfection
they're just ear plugs it's really
comfortable I got a chance to shoot it
also shoot a little bit of you want to
hold this from me
bro if you sit that close you're gonna
ruin your eyes bro if i look at your
eyes hit or miss your great oh hi ok
everything is our the bag is loving it
right well guys if you saw yesterday's
vlog when i went to dinner with Roman
and with Casey Casey actually I this is
too yeah I'm just tucking you were there
too it's just not famous their guesses
okay so i don't like nothing that don't
you two anyway no they uh no that's not
how it is it's not hot i love you that
was that awkward yeah yeah anyways if
you saw Casey's vlog he ended up giving
not only a shout out but linked this
vlog channel and i cannot thank him
enough and for always if romans
continued support and everything and and
i was trying to plan out a quarter
million subscriber rap video and i
figured i had some time because it was
gonna take a little bit to get there i
had you know like i think still like a
couple thousand subscribers left well
Casey's vlog went up today and i have
officially just hit 250,000 let me see i
don't know what i'm currently at right
now load i do this this tells you like
the real subscriber count and what it
shows on youtube so it shows on youtube
249 850 but the real one is 250 33 so i
just passed a quarter million
subscribers the quarter million people
you guys are amazing because it takes
someone to be like hey check out this
person but then you guys choose to stay
in support so i love you guys for that
and now i am nobody supports me brandon
you don't
and now I just need to figure out how I
can get this rap video done ASAP so we
could gather 262,000 we're gonna 262,000
right now I'm gonna swear you to try to
get this quarter million rapid you're
done ASAP so we can put it up obviously
didn't expect it to come this fast so
it'll be up as soon as possible I
couldn't just go ahead and just say that
we hit 250,000 and not doing to think
about it so we decided to have a
spontaneous pizza champagne party for
you guys Emily's just hungry we're
mostly hungry and we like champagne no
hungry and sober never again we're all
everyone's ready okay hello hello look
everyone's so crazy crazy she's done
this right here if you guys don't
remember if you guys don't remember this
is actually the bottle that I drank that
we celebrated at at jakes house when I
hit 100,000 I just found that so I
thought this was cool to show um let's
see if I hope the bottles actually
inherited a me check oh the bottle is in
there and it's open so yeah so this was
what we drink for the hundred thousand
and now for 250,000 we have this one
open it getting fancy fancy
and better yet oh my Oh Pizza Pizza so
now we just enjoy okay I don't want to
shoot this off because I'm gonna break a
light summer sky light yeah we oh yeah
over the camera to shoot in there we
have champagne oh it's lovely very
beautiful it's bubbly bubbly I wonder if
that's why they call it bubbly maybe I
think you're onto something Alex I think
you're really onto something oh yeah all
right focus yeah so many bubbles yeah
yeah I film porno on the side okay okay
yeah here's to continuing you to thank
you ooh let's drink that is really good
wow I like that good good good move Jake
really good the final model yeah no um
it's good for celebrating that was
really good I want a slice of pizza
beautiful bird whoever bird yeah yeah oh
you like that you like that
we'll go to bed now buddy okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and thank
you all for the continued love support
and just everything and it's it means a
lot to me and it keeps me excited to
keep going vlogging is not something you
could ever do for money or for you know
obviously you can make money doing it
but and you can do a lot of things to it
but there's no way and if you guys give
it a shot at vlogging there is no way
you would ever vlog if you didn't love
it and I love it and the biggest reason
why I love it is because you guys make
it such a great experience yes I do
collaborations yes I get shoutouts from
other people but you guys are still here
sticking around hanging out pushing that
subscribe button no one could force you
to so I want to thank you guys for doing
that for showing love for just being
awesome so a team here and always and I
will see you guys again soon goodbye oh
yeah right here we have a new guest to
my blog that I've never put on my blog
how's it going no blocking are you
blocking it be on camera you're being on
camera don't either no sorry I just can
only post on myspace this is going on my
steak
