hey guys it's a new day today and I am
heading out to go shoot some sorry it's
the morning I should have cleared my
throat before I shot you guys but I
didn't I didn't know I didn't know sorry
anyway I'm going I am going to go shoot
some publicity stuff and some promo
stuff for the sitcom I did with my dad
so we're gonna do that today which is
exciting I don't really know what we're
doing but I didn't I do know that they
told me not to wear black shirts I have
like this I ended up bringing a black
shirt just in case but look I have like
other colors and stuff different color
Alex but it's gonna be fun so I don't
really know what would to expect but but
we're gonna have ourselves a good day
like we always do dad dad dad
I'm just gonna get Mike tup now dad what
hi I think you might want the two-shot
just static okay looks really good too
okay so what if we do each one has a
static love it okay okay I'm recording
we're all here dad
what tell them how fantastic I was what
do you want me to say I'll say whatever
you want me to say what do you want me
to say you're fantastic
you were you know something you were
fantastic sure you're better than me
you're even better than me I mean I it's
amazing that's so nice of him well I'm
hungry
I'm back now that's my place and Luke is
here playing some black ops 3 I just had
a really good game 19 pills not so great
with the deaths 16 deaths but free from
my score hardcore deathmatch Team
Deathmatch and now Oh someone is coming
up in the elevator
Harvey just waits to see
you know who's here you know who's here
go go go hi hey buddy
all right ready drop that ass I'm hungry
uh-oh did it there's another one coming
up do you know who this is you know Jake
I know you know who this person is
he's just waiting and waiting you're
waiting for me yeah he just wants a mate
he wants he's looking for some offices
he's planning an attack
oh there he goes he's what is he doing
he's coming at you he's looking he's
looking for some action no blocking I
didn't record that much so we're gonna
go back to the Korean barbecue place
reenact the Marines the whole thing
could you do another place so if you
guys don't know then make sure you check
them out on YouTube check yeah I don't
know if I'm going to Robin has a flight
early in the morning so I don't know if
I'm actually gonna see him tomorrow
before he leaves just never to Mars now
it'll be someone I know is it good
figures like an audio that I just want
as well right now gotta go to Ohio you
need to come out now I guess
no and I want to go out there when it's
snowing sledding
we got to do some big sled stuff I'm
gonna attach something to like that
off-road thing you got oh oh that what
we do boogie boards army board snow
doing something board as soon as my neck
feeling better we got a hard it again so
we'll figure out something bundage I'm
always gonna be known at the burger now
yeah I'm still going to physical therapy
back it's fun okay okay guys well it's
time for us to go to bed
yeah right it's like on me you fat Jew
right don't you say to me anyway we're
tired time go to bed chrome Goldberg
trying a little beard for the tongue
back in your mouth anyway that's all I
got so I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and on that note I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye here's someone vlogging I think
I hear someone who is so implying oh
look I haven't seen so long as we were I
didn't want to say that he was coming I
always give away that secret Ivan though
and then you guys are like he gives away
the surprise I always get a little
behind in it didn't it's the first time
I know you're feisty gays
