hey guys it's a new day today and
today's gonna be a good day I hope that
you guys enjoyed yesterday's video and
if you haven't seen it you should really
go watch it cuz it's crazy you know it's
where so I titled it an idiot shoots gun
inside apartment you guys can figure out
what that is but anyway so today Harvey
it's gonna take the vlog Cameron he's
gonna show you around everywhere right
buddy wouldn't that be cool I actually
do have a harness that you can put a
GoPro on it I should I should let Harvey
do Harvey's house tour we should do
Harvey's house tour we should do that
buddy not today though we will do it
but anyway I have a couple friends
coming over you know both of them and
I'm excited for them to come here and
then we're gonna we're gonna have myself
a good day like we always do let's do
with this here's someone vlogging I
think I hear someone who is doing
vlogging oh I didn't want to say that he
was coming I always give away that
secret I know and then you guys are like
he gives away the surprise I always give
a little funny dude it's the first time
oh you're feisty guys Harvey is there
another surprise coming up in the
elevator party all right Harvey look at
me when I talk to you he knows
is going up hello how are you
he wants to have have his way he's
gigantic he's still a little puppies
tiny oh my god
yeah really sorry that was for the first
week of his life I decided to come back
to Peru
oh yeah no this is the king whoa I've
never gotten it everyone try and
Brittany got the same thing
I could just this summer it's peanut
butter banana and bacon
well we also did another wise back
hi you joining us one person said to me
because you never loved him enjoying it
they didn't know if you liked it
Brendan and I are now it's just the two
of us
Britney left and Roman left Rome will be
back and Brittany will be back we are
prepping a drink video that I'll be
doing with Brittany I think one will
come within the week with Roman but
since I got Brittany today I am going to
we were sitting down and planning on
what we wanted to shoot with her so now
we're gonna go pick up some supplies
that I don't have and we're gonna bike
there right little schmuck such a
complainer I'm trying to well maybe you
need to bite off the waffle stupid man
we're biking well what do we order you
Newberry
blocking it up these are the new rental
bikes they put them all around Santa
Monica that's why ever they're like
riding because she likes to exercise
which I clearly need and I actually have
my own bike but I like not having to
lock it up and worry about it you just
ride to your location they have these
stops like every two blocks so why not
I'm back at my place now and I got it I
got myself an email from from the
YouTube and it says your video has been
removed from YouTube and it's the titled
idiot shoots gun inside apartment my
video was officially taken down off at
YouTube looks like not even YouTube to
take a joke but anyway that's fine I
didn't I didn't know how long it would
last I didn't know really no I mean
there was no real how do you know she
wasn't like it wasn't a girl just
excited about squirting a squirt gun
right like she's like squirting you
don't know you don't know there was no
visual god they're there the terms are
so great yeah anyway we got all the
stuff we need for the drink video but I
didn't tell Brittany we were gonna be
doing a drink video I mean I told her
while she was here I asked her if we
could do it but the thing is is she
doesn't really she's in like work out
the tire and didn't bring her makeup or
anything so I told her no worries let's
reschedule she's gonna come by on
Thursday or tomorrow for you guys and we
will shoot a video and get it done but
yeah I thought it was so funny that that
video is gone I am going to put it on to
Facebook so that because Facebook
doesn't pull that kind of stuff down so
I'm gonna go ahead and throw it up on
Facebook which it's not green monetize
or anything it's just gonna go on
Facebook so that you guys can still find
it if you haven't seen it it's just a
fun joke you can send your friends a
little pride thing but yeah anyway
videos gone
that's like play dead
play dead all right
so good yeah so these just you weren't
kidding when I said that you trained him
yeah he's just brilliant that's it
high five that's he wants to give you
guys know we're still work yeah it's
it's a work in progress well they know
we're gonna have heard he played it yeah
if he wants to think we will it's now a
new day and I gotta tell you guys some
more details about that video being
pulled is that not only did it get
pulled but it put a strike on my YouTube
account and what a strike does if you
get three strikes you are your account
is terminated and you are no longer
allowed to be on YouTube make a channel
do anything like that you're done so I
was like really for that it's because
most people have a you know lack of
sense of humor and you have to
understand that and and be okay with
that so I went ahead and messaged goo
YouTube and said I am I apologize that
many people don't have a sense of humor
but I should not be penalized for that
and there was no visual content on it
that was drug toy so I told them you
know I don't think that that's right and
they emailed me this morning agreeing
with me and they said we apologize we
will reinstate your video and get rid of
the strike what I was like getting so
pissy at them yesterday for like how can
they do this the video wasn't even that
bad what can they not take a joke about
love sometimes you just gotta take a
breather try to work things out and not
get super you know
at the moment and trying to fix it
because a lot of these situations can be
fixed like I just found out so that
video is still up you could still check
out yesterday's video it is now still up
on youtube so go ahead check it out
thank you YouTube Google Thank You
YouTube for realizing that that was not
something that should be censored so
that's great now that note we have a
victory we fought we won we got it
so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye today I'm gonna be showing you
my gun because you guys have been asking
so I'm gonna be showing you let's start
here with the Remington 870 tactical so
this shotgun right here it is empty
