hey guys it's a new day today
there's mr. James mr. Brandon hey Hannah
turn around hi and Harvey you lazy boy
he tried to get up but he's not going to
we are gonna go to get breakfast style
food it's a little bit later than
breakfast right now but I think that
we're gonna go to one of my favorite
places in the area here in Santa Monica
called brews wiffle a waffle joint they
got good waffles
fried chicken
thing on the table right here
the markets got Oreos and butter
so we made sure you got something
chocolate
you guys have seen that one of my
favorite stores to come to on Third
Street is puzzle zoo and they have if
you don't know if you guys have seen
this but they have these here it's like
a virtual reality thing and you can put
your phone in it and they have
everything from games to I've actually
watched porn and look what I found here
so they gave me this to check it out and
I just wanted to vlog and say thank you
I don't know where he just went he just
he just gave me this super cool I can't
wait I'm gonna put some interesting
things I'm so excited put stuff on here
this is so cool but yeah if you guys
ever down here on Third Street make sure
you come in here and check out they have
like a bunch of really cool like this is
where I actually got my hoverboards from
so I think they have stuff here
got them yeah come check it out bread
and currently has a hotel room and we're
in it yeah cuz we're sluts anyway I took
my new VR system here and I've been
watching the pornography on it and on
full volume you just saw what oh you
suck anyway she was looking snapchat
Hannah I made Hannah try it I didn't get
it on my blog but Brandon happened to be
filming it on his phone so check out
when I had Hannah just try it so she
could she could watch the good stuff
look behind you how about those girls
okay
yeah
it's really good I decided to continue
the vlog on to today just a little bit
because I am heading out to it is the
morning time I am heading out to my
sister's place I'm almost there
and it is her birthday today and my
brother-in-law her husband Alex is
surprising her with a puppy party and do
you not love a puppy party those were
big bumps
yes I'm super happy to see the puppies
and and to see my sister because it's
her birthday you guys make sure you show
her so much love on her channel cuz
she's a vlogger too it's just life with
Jackie
that's her blonde channel search life
with Jackie and you guys blow up her
channel show her a lot of love and we're
where I'm about to see some puppies so
are you oh watch out watch out are you
walking you standing by yourself and
went believing you here doggy
happy birthday Jackie Bing Ida said it
but now you do it again for the vault
we'll jump up in kids
so just be aware with your baby oh it's
just surprised Jackie with her present
something that she's wanted I know you
guys are gonna think this is interesting
but she's always wanted a hairless
guinea pig also does the skinny pig let
me see Jackie it looks like a hippo
Trumpy it's a little hippo do you like
it yeah do you enjoying this Abby
where's my
uncle Alex with a B Jack's another baby
got really excited what is her name
why don't you let your viewers neighbor
if you guys go to her Channel
you guys should suggest it'll probably
be on your blog tomorrow though right
yeah this one's going up today for me
let me give you oh okay well you can
still go to my channel and make
suggestions but my blog will be up
tomorrow yeah but it's a Baldwin baby
pic so you can name it something like
like Alec or something but it's a girl
it's a girl but it's called a Baldwin
guinea-pigs so use whatever
oh yeah goes to go to life with Jackie
and you could suggest it you could sit
on today's vlog for her but tomorrow's
would be the one with the guinea pig oh
yeah
then they'll be excited that you should
get your snacks get your Pirate's Booty
oh you guys on that note I am going to
end it here and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye yeah the other that
you can't see it here but the train in
that's connected to that is completely
derailed and it had to hit the truck I
don't know what they're doing I see the
firefighters going underneath of the
train here
so they're doing something there just so
you guys know we're staying behind the
police line yeah okay we gotta cross now
over here they're gonna block off some
more
