hey guys today is a new day and my
sister is on her way out here with my
niece Abby and we're gonna do something
that I have never done but I've wanted
to do here in Santa Monica by the pier
they actually have a small aquarium
I believe it's underneath the pier I'm
not sure anyway we thought it'd be
really cool for Abby as well as for me
and my sister we both want to see it
so she's heading you over here now she's
gonna pick me up we'll head down to the
pier and go check out some cool stuff at
the equator I don't know what kind of
stuff they have but I'm excited to see
it I've lived here for so long and I've
never been so not only am I take you
guys to see something you probably have
not seen I mean you guys have seen
probably plenty aquariums and things in
the aquariums but I've never seen this
and it's so local so I'm excited so
let's have herself a good day like we
always do what are you doing with your
tongue buddy what you doing what you
doing
he keeps licking because I put stuff on
his nose because his nose is getting
super dry so he doesn't like it I don't
like chapstick on my lips and he doesn't
like it's pretty much chapstick for his
nose but it's like an all-natural thing
I don't know it's worked before so
hopefully it'll work now if he doesn't
take it all off
by licking it and rubbing it into the
couch well it works we're down by the
pier now hey Abby this is just shirt on
backwards and no that's how it's
supposed to be maybe that's just baby
clothing right it buttons in the back
instead of ho yeah I know it's weird
right
oh that makes sense
I don't have a baby hi Abby hi she looks
like she's in a bad mood yeah she does
want to be on camera
we're going in the aquarium right now is
it not open oh that's cool yeah okay
we're gonna go in there open at night
these are real they're big
what's in here
that'd be cool if I you know would be
awesome to have like a shark tank that'd
be really cool to have a shark tank at
home check this thing out I think it's a
leopard shark oh yeah it says right
there leopard shark and then that big
one back then yeah oh you you're walking
take a few more steps I've never seen
you walk gone I've never seen her walk
before oh my god she's walking teleport
that dark one he said got a suntan and
when the shark gets a suntan it never
goes away because they don't shed their
skin so he'll be really dark like that
the rest of his life but it's not
harmful for them at all just he's just
darker there's nothing wrong with having
darker skin
that's super cool I'm always afraid to
getting stung by jellyfish in the ocean
they know people have and they said
that's not very good
but then you get to some little peon you
right is that what happens they said if
you put your finger and in the spikes
that it hugs it is that hugging your
finger yeah it's grabbing it yeah for
dinner we decided to go to Nobu which is
has the most amazing food as well as the
most amazing view ever it's sitting
right on the beach and we happen to come
here perfect sunset time I'm excited to
eat
oh I got it I got it I got it my hands
it's the cleanest way don't use your
hands on your shirt okay
oh yeah we're doing it guys
oh you got your teriyaki chicken you got
terrific you don't have new sounds
machine okay are you walking are you
she was just walking so there she goes
there she goes I was about to end the
blog except I was on my way back from
the gym and I saw they could just close
down the road a couple blocks away and I
got I showed you that they're building a
train here that goes downtown from here
and they've been testing it and it's
been really close to when they're gonna
do it but something happened and I think
the train crashed and they blocked off
the whole street there's like three
ambulances fire trucks everything and
I'm not gonna get too close where I'm
gonna disrupt what they're you know
doing or getting in the way but I'm not
just going for the entertainment value
of showing you guys I'm actually
genuinely curious what happened I'm I
believe something terrible's happened
that's why there's ambulance is there
and I just want to go you know like it's
one of those things that when you're
driving and you see an accident you have
to look and I couldn't see anything
because they closed off the road so my
friend Greg is actually on display here
we were gonna get lunch but he's gonna
pick me up and we're gonna get pretty
close not super close just so that we
can see what happened I'm really I'm
really curious what happened and I'll
take you guys along with me so Greg just
picked me up we're looking I could see
the train over there it actually looks
like it derailed but I don't know what
made it derail so we're gonna try to
find some parking right here and go over
there it's really intense there's so
many police around everything hopefully
I can get close enough to see it and
show you guys what happened I guess
we'll just see hopefully no one got
seriously hurt that would be absolutely
terrible but it's they're just testing
it so there's no one it's not a full
train or anything like that I'm just
wondering what happened
to see what happened I can't see if we
can see how close we can get did it hit
a truck
I think it hit a truck
I see them with fire extinguishers and
flops they must have put out something
small I don't know
yes it looks like it hit the truck here
yeah the other that you can't see it
here but the train in that's connected
to that is completely derailed and it
had hit the truck I don't know what
they're doing I see the firefighters
going underneath the train here so
they're doing something there yeah okay
we gotta cross now over here they're
gonna block off some more they blocked
it up over there and that side so we're
gonna go into this sense and we could
see so I could try to show you guys more
of what happened so I could see two
they're so hit the truck
anyways I'm glad that the trend the
train is not like fully functioning
where it would be filled with a lot of
passengers they're just testing it out
because that's gonna be the new train
goes from here to downtown so that's the
good news about a night and I do hope
everyone that was involved is okay
and that's where I'm gonna actually end
it here so hope you guys enjoyed
watching the blog and I will see you
guys again soon
goodbye well he's got a head home you
got a you got a ride your I'll see you
later everybody but I usually I don't
say to my blog so if you're from my
vlogs don't tell anyone
