hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
all ready to go damn this beard is
coming in who I gotta take care of that
trim it up clean it up make it look
decent anyway
I call this lazy beard this isn't by
choice this is by laziness but I'm gonna
go head to the office and we're gonna
have myself a good day my dad just
called me and said that there's a
something going on down the street where
we get coffee something to go meet up
with him and see what's going on down
there there's like cleats and fire
trucks trying to get in their way but my
dad and I are just curious people
boy is the parking
I miss your your vehicle what did you do
and he stops do not follow
No
the cop told us that he parked his
little like parking car thing outside of
Jersey Mike's to get lunch and he
ordered a sandwich and the guy who was
making a sandwich looked at him and goes
oh your thing is burning and he's like
Owen and I I ordered it cold guys like
no you're saying you're your car thing
outside and he looked and it was on fire
the office is only like 20 minutes away
but I gotta tell you it's like 20
degrees hotter I like it so much more by
the beach it's still hot over there
right now but not this hot hey party
people what are you watching
were your number one fan now you
watching me I'm right here though I
could just like reenact it a little late
well there was a car on fire really yeah
is it your car no oh the new cares do
you guys have anything interesting for
the vlog that's true so a good idea Alex
what so since your vlog sucks today you
should probably call Andrea so you can
at least get some quick bait yeah that's
a brilliant idea
I'm gonna call Andrea try to fix this
block
just right buzz good Hey
so my vlog isn't super great today do
you want to come be clickbait I mean you
could like text me something clicked ad
use your imagination I'll use mine yeah
okay text type text recently paid my
hopes are high okay let's see what she
said oh its clickbait but I can't show
that no I can't show it you guys really
want to see the pig yeah yeah baby okay
when she sent here are you sure the
viewers
can I show that I love you too is it oh
okay I'll show it
there's the clickbait boys and girls I'm
just getting back to my place now
hopefully I'm waiting on some packages
arrive and hopefully they're here and if
they are I got something to do today as
you guys already know I am in love with
my honda grom my itty-bitty motorcycle
with a gigantic personality but there
are some aesthetic things about it that
I want to change I ordered some upgrades
here just some aesthetic upgrades
nothing performance you
but I'm gonna go ahead and change that
but I don't want to go in the garage
because it's pretty hot down there
there's no air conditioning so luckily
because the Grom is so small I could do
all the work right here and my kitchen
don't necessarily like these turn
signals how far out they go so I got
flush-mount turn signals that'll kind of
just like little bubbles here that stay
pretty flush so they don't stick all the
way out here so the bike I like it if it
stops like here and doesn't have this
whole thing going down over it so I have
an eliminator kit that'll do this
eliminate all this and incorporate turn
signals and everything into a smoked
taillight that I got hopefully I don't
ruin anything
this looks so much better I mean look at
this gigantic thing that was on here
this hook right here had these big bulky
turn signals
it's just preference if you like that
you like that that's okay some people
will like this more than what I did
everything with aesthetic stuff is just
preference I just think it looks clean
like that
I took the bike down everything's all
cleaned up and I want to say something
because I feel like a lot of people are
gonna freak out for sawing off this and
cutting off this little thing now all
that was part of one bracket and the
cool thing is is the fender eliminator
kid I got which is from TST for those of
you wanna know the TST industries
they're not sponsoring this by the way
I'm just telling you in case you want
same or something but they specifically
say that if you want to return it
completely to stock they'll sell you the
bracket the OEM bracket that I saw for
15 bucks so I may just order that now so
I already have it so that they don't
discontinue doing that but I'm gonna
order that and then if I ever watch it
then I just replaced it it's just the
one that I have right now I saw just
through the plastic pieces no metal or
anything that and then I can I'm gonna
keep this in case I want to put it back
on so nothing is ruined I just cut
through the plastic part some of you
guys have been sending me messages a lot
of you should have already received your
hat this hat but if you haven't I'm
gonna continue sending more out I ran
out of boxes to ship the rest but that's
not a problem anymore I got my package
in of bulk boxes so I have a ton here
that I could ship out these are the ones
I got a ship out tonight so you guys are
getting them real soon if you haven't
bought one you don't need to they're
only for people who have asked because I
made them and want to provide them for
you guys and if you want them cool if
you don't that's okay too
oh I also ordered a salad and I think
that's my phone telling me it's here
because it's salad time I'm shipping
with the salad garlic
I'll wallop ship and girls and doing
shipping stuff with sound huh
judges love salad and shipping hi Harvey
a Lhari dog salad for you I'm sorry
okay guys what time is it now
1:40 am finally done with the well he's
boxing everything can't ship everything
yet because it's not open right now but
that's all I got for you oh look who's
coming into bed you go ahead go into
your bed now okay good night anyway
that's all I got for you for today
there's gonna be more Grom mod upgrades
for that coming soon maybe some
performance upgrades and I just hope you
guys enjoyed watching so I enjoy making
these for you and that's all I got so
I'll see you guys again soon goodbye
