hey guys it's a new day today look who's
here mr. Brandon teeny sorry I saw vapor
teeny and I was Brendon teeny anyway
he's back and you guys saw yesterday's
vlog for Hanukkah I got him
it was the invoice for the M&P shield 9
millimeter which we are we're both going
to go to the store right now and fill
out paperwork I'm filling out paperwork
for a new one I know I just like them ok
and he's got to fill out paperwork for
them and pee so we're gonna go do that
right now
and we're gonna head out to the to the
gun store get to get our get it done get
her done yeah we just finished doing the
paperwork exciting right now we gotta
wait 10 days to pick them up and we'll
have our self to new junior firearms
now this truck is loud it's loud
trumpets Prius exactly we're going to I
told about this place in Culver City
which is where I like to buy my firearms
called chop daddies which is a really
good
holy mother once but it's really good
barbecue place he loves barbecue so I
figured we would go here since we're in
there you oh yeah and some fried pickles
we're doing it right yeah
I just got a call from Jesse and
apparently he's staying really close I
know that a lot of you guys know that he
that he's been here for a while I didn't
realize how close he is to me so he is
actually said he's going to skateboard
or or or something over this way so I'm
gonna go meet him downstairs
see what's Ivan I haven't seen him in a
while so just say what's up say hi and I
mean we're currently neighbors at the
moment so that that's cool we walked
down the street a bit just waiting on
him I don't I don't see him yet but he
was a few blocks away when he hit me up
so I love Jake's hanging out here too
mmm I wanna be right when your guy
laughs I made sure to catch you while
you were yawning I haven't seen you in a
long time with that would ah we get
drinks Ryan booster boys way ginger we
didn't we didn't get any drinks I've
never I've never tried this is this was
this the one in the in the latter no I
bought another one out here and you know
what this one there's something wrong
with this one it's the battery's dying
way too quick my one and that one I have
a feeling you're used by use cases for
the lab but mine that I have is better
better but there's two batteries left is
on the slowest speed let me teach you
here okay this is your kill switch right
yeah so to make it move at all you have
to be pushing that that's how you go
forward that's how you go back so you
must have a little bit of a brakes okay
so that's you hold that yeah but you
have to always hold that okay to operate
the acceleration and reverse and brake
am gonna kill myself
one other thing if you're in a hill and
you push this yeah anything it kind of
puts on a little break you'll feel it
okay give this a go okay so I'm just to
go don't die and if I just like is it
gonna so just say if I get hurt in any
way I'm not suing Jesse on anything that
he's done I want I want to fucking if I
get hurt in any way it's not my forest
yeah it's fine I'm the slowest I feel
because you could skateboard right yeah
oh you're good it's it's on oh let me
get higher up on the board
I'm really far back on the boy I don't
know how you guys probably can't hear
it's probably super windy oh yeah oh
he's jumping up
jesse is gonna take a picture I think
for your Instagram right we're gonna do
it to get long shit Rock yeah miss
Connors button is good to go sir
here you go see ya coast safe clear yeah
you guys know that he was in the
military
so he could actually that was that was
like what you were using yeah not with
the Magpul furniture yeah sorry
exactly so yeah well the site that I
have on it was actually an old trainer
of mine is still a friend of mine he was
an Army Ranger and that was his issued
site and he gave it to me as a gift so
yeah almost oh yeah oh that's six no
slip-up yes well it's got all its Magpul
furniture stuff but we got all these
outside that we're gonna take a cool
picture and you guys gonna see about
sling yeah you also see it on his
Instagram well well well the he's got a
head home you got a you got a ride your
quarter I'll see you later just gonna go
away
I haven't told anybody here but I
usually I don't take my blog so if
you're from my blogs don't tell anyone
but I usually carry one so that's why I
came up with really you know it's just a
case stuff gets real I hear yeah I give
this gate boarding with it man hi that
was my senior bro huh I was holding I'm
holding the camera we're not gonna tell
anybody
hey yeah no really I don't care you
gonna realize it's a pop stuff see the
picture we took for his Instagram turned
out super sick so you guys could either
go check out his Instagram or irie
grammed it onto my Instagram so you
could always check out mine which is
just at Alex Mandel and the picture will
be there so you guys can find it check
it either way doesn't matter but
so it's a love give it a like why not
right I don't know I like it I think
it's a cool picture okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and it
was cool seeing Jessie haven't seen him
in a while and that's that's pretty much
it I really want one of those like
electric scape was the booster boards I
think they prob
I really want one really cool a little
bit expensive but they're really cool
they have different speed settings he he
turned it up a little high and it was it
it was going it was going but it was fun
definitely cool don't do what I did and
not wear a helmet definitely wear a
helmet uh I usually would I just was
just walked down and tried it but
anyways I'm not about to be or your
parents do whatever you want to do just
remember always wear a helmet when you
handle your guns and always have a gun
on you when you're skateboard I think
that's yeah that's how it goes well
anyways guys I'll see you guys again
soon goodbye this is my trainer Sam I
don't think can they see I think they
can appear maybe up there yeah there you
go
a real person now you guys could see who
I train with or who trains me exactly
yeah there's no like with it's just you
telling me what to do
