hey guys today's a new day and I'm
working on something currently I'm still
in my workout attire I already went to
the gym but now I'm kind of working out
again I told you I was working on
something with my trainer she's actually
here she's upstairs I'm gonna go meet up
with her up there and I can't tell you
guys what working on yet but I'm excited
for it and she's working my ass off
again so let's get to it cuz you guys
always asked to if I could show what I
do my workout stuff like that that's not
what the video will working on is but
you'll see a little bit have you ever
been on the vlog never never I just
talked about you in the vlog because I
said your Instagram yeah anyways this is
my trainer Sam I don't think it can they
see you I think they can maybe up there
yeah there you go a real person now you
guys could see who I trained with or who
trains me yeah
there's no like with it's just you
telling me what to do I think so I'm
only gonna show them a little bit you
are gonna kick my ass I know okay well
we're not doing a lot we have that
camera set up here and we've been doing
some some fitness stuff there
it'll be fun little stuff okay you guys
a little taste
so remember we don't want your foot up
but we want that outside pressing down
or you know hands at your chest and then
bring it back together censor your herb
like Hugh overloaded you got it I think
I could do it give it a whirl well that
was that was fun Sam just actually left
right now and I know that a lot of you
guys love to draw conclusions to what
you see and I I'm just telling you that
whatever you think we may be doing
you're probably wrong we're not doing
fitness video we are not it's it's
something completely different something
interesting something I've never I've
never done before so I'm excited it
should happen hopefully I'll be able to
give you more information I hate giving
you these not just these like little
snippets I hope I can give you guys more
information like early in the new year
sounds like it's a far away but you guys
got to remember we're almost halfway
through December so early in a year
hopefully I can give you some answers
then or sometime soon so but either way
that was the first time that se was on
the vlog so welcome to the vodka Sam but
I see her five days a week Monday
through Friday I work out with her and
she kicks my ass some of you may not
know that it is currently Hanukkah
Hanukkah last eight days from the sixth
the 14th of this month and I am a Jew
yes I am so was branded and so for that
I wanted to get him a Hanukkah gift
don't worry I'll get Jake a gift too
yeah he's just he's not Jewish I'm gonna
get him one for Christmas so it actually
gives me a little bit more time to find
out what he would want
but Brendan has helped me tremendously
throughout this whole YouTube journey
and I really couldn't do it without him
and I know a lot of you gonna say well
you could I couldn't do it without
Romanov there's a lot of people I
couldn't do it out but I definitely
couldn't do without Brandon he helps me
comes with me on every to every
convention I need to go as well as shoot
everything and he'll cancel work if I
called him today and he has worked
tomorrow my my
hey can you help me something he would
call into work in a second come over
here and help me shoot him because he
loves doing it and he's been a big help
so I wanted to get him something really
cool for the holidays and so I got him
here I call him mr. Brandon so I got mr.
Brandon a card for Hanukkah
you guys will see what's inside when I
give it to him when he gets here he's on
his way out here right now I think we're
doing Korean BBQ surprise Korean
barbeque we haven't done that in a while
even Bob they care have to one another
oh yeah be big fun
another box came into mail this is the
third Pelican case that I have although
this one is not going to be cut yet
because I don't have one of the elements
that I want to cut into it yet they'll
come hopefully in the near future and
then no we shall cut it but for now it
will just lay as it is
let it be doing it doing it doing it
doing it in it did it did it did it did
it in it Harvey
you will recharge it you will judge it I
have a gift for you you wonder what it
could be
yeah what do you think it's not an
animal I've been telling you that's an
animal got you a card bro Oh mr. brain
it did
yeah there's a nice gold pussy yeah
I'm kind of concerned is this Monica
like classic card no it's a legit gift
my way of saying thank you for always
helping me with all my shit everything
open it what do you think it is MFP seal
that's the greatest gift ever
well you type your like although it is
but I'm good whatever you got him taken
out the desert nowhere to shoot it and I
was like you should do that you should
take it out to the desert and shoot it
that's awesome he's been helping a lot
so I really wanted to show my
appreciation and Happy Holidays as well
if you guys have any suggestions on what
I should get Jake let me know because I
have no idea whenever we go to buy guns
whenever I'm looking at something that
he always takes a look at the MMP so I
knew that him always check it out that
was what he wanted and earlier tonight I
was talking about how I might go
tomorrow and I was like I might go to
Martin be writing which is the gun store
I go to and he's like you think they
have any sales on the M&P so they have a
sale it's it's free you're welcome let's
go have fun with it see he is a good
person kinda I honestly think I was in
like some sort of food coma last night
from the Korean barbecue cuz I was like
falling asleep on the couch and then
went after a room and just fell asleep
never ended this so that's all I got for
you guys for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching and we can start a new
day today once at once a in this one I'm
about to go to the gym now so about to
go see Sam again anyways I will see you
guys again soon goodbye
I also added a little extra foam in
there so that sticks up a little higher
because it was sticky really low but I
think it turned out pretty good
