hey guys it's a new day today
wow I need to clean this screen it
probably doesn't look too dirty to you
but I could see a lip mark on my lens
because when I suck you guys at the end
of the vlog sometimes my lip excellently
touches the I gotta clean that that's
very that's gross let's start our day
let's have a good day like we always do
yeah I was expecting some packages to
come on Monday but they ended up coming
earlier I got two gigantic packages here
and or boxes I know where they are and
I'm really excited I actually ordered
three but the third one I guess - had to
pull in a backward or side that and
that's coming Monday so whatever but
right now those two things are these
Gigantor Pelican cases super gigantic
these are Pelican cases 1750s they got
Rolly wheels if you haven't guessed
already these are perfect for rightful
transportation and that's because
Brandon and I have recently been
planning some sort of trip I don't know
if we're going to Arizona where we're
going but to go on a shooting trip and
at least be able to try out these you
know new guys so these cases do not come
pre-cut and I know that a lot of you
guys if you ever looked into buying a
Pelican case you know how expensive
these are this case alone one of these
cases runs about four hundred and thirty
dollars I did not spend four hundred and
thirty dollars on this because cyber
monday had a deal that they were doing I
don't know if it's still going but then
a deal and they were signing them for
180 dollars I could not pass that up
because the price tag is the reason I
never got it in the first place and I
didn't know like even if I go on a
shooting trip with Brandon or with any
other friends
I can't just put like those big rifles
in my truck I mean I can but that's not
smart I should put them in a case and
lock them up so I have these these do
not come pre-cut the foam so today I
guess I will be doing tactical arts and
crafts
that's this should be fun I actually I
have never cut one of these cases before
like this and after watching some
YouTube videos a good amount of YouTube
videos which is where you can learn
anything in the world
YouTube everyone recommended electric
knifes are one of those two and
hopefully it won't be too difficult this
is how I'm laying out the full rifle so
I have the magazine over there I have
the bolt right here and it should be
pretty set now I actually want the
rightful facing the other way but from
the videos I've seen you need to
completely reverse everything that you
want to do because you're gonna mark up
this side while you're doing it with a
marker once I cut it after it's all cut
then I take the foam and flip it over so
everything that you see will actually be
reversed oh yeah
now just got trace everything out got
this trace and I can remove it that way
the reason I'm doing that first is just
I can do everything to get rid of the
other accessories I'll do like the bolt
and stuff over there so I could just
have full access to the rifle
got it all traced out and now I'm just
gonna need to cut it so to cut it I have
my handy dandy electric knife I have the
Pelican cases on that side so it's like
a wait and we'll start the cut because I
can't now have like a rounded top the
electric knife so if we just take this
this knife and just start okay now we
just take this I guess
okay
so the first few times would be a little
snug let's see the magazine kind of sink
too low in its I took the block and cut
out cut it in half and if I take this
now just stuff that down in there and
now makes it right at the surface all
done check it out
I also added a little extra foam in
there so that sticks up a little higher
cuz it was sticky really low but I think
it turned out pretty good I mean
obviously it's not like machine done or
laser cut or anything like that I didn't
get a custom case cuz the phone case but
for a DIY home project I think it's I
think it's pretty good and seeing as how
long it took me I'm not gonna do it for
the other ones just yet to space out my
time and I'm not gonna keep vlogging the
other ones I'll probably just do them
myself but I just wanted to share my
first time with you guys trying to do
this I think it turned out pretty good
I'm pretty proud of myself
Jake is selling his old super gigantic
bean bag and so we're loading it up in
his this would be better and we can't
we're trying to fit it in his trunk
who's the only of his car not mine yeah
he got it here in this car so it has to
leave somehow we're gonna figure this
out I don't know
this is gigantic
you pulley yeah oh my god we good
I'm with Jake right now
hello mr. Jake and we're gonna go to the
boiling crab because I've never been to
boiling crab but I love shrimp and they
have lots of shrimps because they have
boiled crustaceans little crustaceans
exactly a lot of my just patience yeah I
don't know the boiling crap you enjoying
yourself what should I draw a bigger one
wait hard
I'm here all day
got a peasant
with just like eggs really wrong yeah
shrimp and crawfish I see all that
crawfish
what the temperature sign I'm excited
empty
so good okay guys well that's all I got
for you for today so your good night
show you guys I also got a chance to
finish the second case that I have so
check it out it's just open this up
before I put it all the way and lock it
up whoa fall away anyway there's the AR
a k2 extra mags of each set it all up
took me a bit of time but I'm done
that's all I got
so that note I will see you guys again
soon
Dubai I'm just gonna stick this in take
a long inhale like it says hold it for a
few seconds and then go let's see
you can taste it oh yeah yeah it's like
it's not like there's nothing there
it tastes like the liquor
