hey guys it's a new day today
are you happy it's a new day are you
happy you fat boy yeah his nose is
getting chapped your nose get chapped I
gotta put stuff on that he hates it he
like eats it when I put it on his nose
anyway I don't really know what I'm up
to today but I have some some a few
things that will be pretty fun I hope I
I got something in the mail today that
I'm really excited to try so hopefully
we get to do that today it should be
really cool a big box arrived this this
box right over here and move aside and
inside was a gift from a company called
vapor teeny now they are not paying me
for this I like to disclose that just so
you guys know that I'm not being paid
this was just simply a gift from them
and I am really excited to try it
why because I like anything that
involves liquor that I haven't tried so
the vapor tini
they sent me a few things awesome things
it's essentially like this right here is
like a pint glass and then that's a
little tea candle they sent me a whole
bunch of tea candles there's even more
over here you put a tea candle there and
in this glass sphere there's like a like
a shot like an ounce and a half of
whatever liquor of your choice like a
flavored one preferably something of
higher proof maybe like 80 proof liquor
and you let it heat up and then it
starts to vaporize inside the globe and
you thickened like a straw like one of
these straws and you inhaled the vapor
you vape alcohol that sounds so
intriguing because of it it's
essentially zero calories you're not
drinking and because it's being absorbed
directly into your bloodstream by
inhaling it you feel the effects
immediately
it's much more effective than drinking
because you're not digesting that liquor
than only getting some of the effects
announced I mean a shot of liquor will
end up doing a lot more than it would if
you were to just consume it so I'm
really curious to try this I know Jake
is I told him that we should try this
tonight he's really excited but they
also sent me they sent me that one and
then they sent me a really cool one in
here like a crazy hand-blown one here
check this out I'm not gonna lie this
totally like rides me of some sort of
pipe or bong or something youths stoners
will know exactly what I'm talking about
so here and then this globe it's totally
awesome though it's a I think just like
any time you go to smoke shop like these
kinds of colors and stuff so it looks
like that but it's super cool super
awesome I love the design of the whole
thing this is from their like artists
series and then I believe this is the
straw used for this a really nice glass
one so place these back in here
hopefully we will use these tonight so
that we can we can try it out hopefully
smoke some alcohol I know it's vaping
but I think it's it's funny to call it
smoking alcohol this cat really smoked
alcohol but it clearly you can vape it
so I'm excited to try it God be king you
ready you ready boys I know there's so
many of us guys here rolling deep to
Korean barbecue laughs the most people
I've ever went to it to Korean barbecue
with hopefully oh and there's a wait oh
my god
damn man oh yeah
you enjoying this oh yeah sub your face
thing so much me now that we're back
we're gonna vape some alcohol some
liquor but instead of using that awesome
cool one I thought I thought it'd be
easier for you guys to see what's going
on if I use this one just as clear one
here so you guys can see the system says
vapor T neon it's just hard to there's
anyway so the tea candles down there
I've got a put it comes to this funnel
so you put about an ounce and a half of
whatever lick reaches in there and then
we will take this straw once it's ready
to go after about five minutes and then
you can inhale the vapor so let's pick
out liquor of our choice what are we
sticking with the time see what we
decided would be good is just not really
an expensive one but Smirnoff watermelon
because we thought the flavor would show
through and still you know be it's still
35 percent alcohol so 70 proof she's
high enough but should be good flavor so
execute dragon let's let's go we're
gonna put it out and a half in the in
the gloom bit
perfect I'm surprised I didn't spill any
of it it's good candles burning let's
sit on and then we'll take this
oh don't tilt it to pry like there so
the holes over here so it doesn't just
escape straight out top I like the whole
perforation yeah and you'll know it's
ready because if you guys ever like
swirl wine or any sort of liquor liquor
makes these like I don't know if you
could see these legs that's just from it
being swirled in there but those legs
that you see there will start to become
will fill the whole globe thing and
that's how you know that it's starting
to vaporize and then we can go ahead and
use these metal straws and he sent me a
whole package is one of theirs they're
over there so that we can all use it out
need to share because I'm a little bit
of Jeff oh it's heating up we just gotta
wait a little bit oh you can kind of see
the legs even without that so it's kind
of it's getting pretty much ready to go
we're gonna try it now see how it is yet
so you can see it kind of swirling
around the top just dripping down so I'm
gonna give it a go I'm just gonna stick
this in take a long inhale like it says
hold it for a few seconds and then let
go let's see
you may sit oh yeah yeah it's like it's
not like there's nothing there it tastes
like the liquor you could tell in hell
because it's like going down the side
let me let me take a little more
Oh
yeah cute children specs immediately
really immediately really yeah like I'm
not drunk you got to give this a go you
feel it right yeah I can really taste it
yeah hey definitely feeling it already I
know it's so quick baby ripping the
vapor teeny here and it is it is it
works I got to tell you that and it's
quick and it's clean I like it I really
like it I think that I honestly think
that this is a cool thing like who if I
had friends like all around like
everything right now but like if I had
friends exactly sorry I've been vaping
my Alcala lot I've been drinking that's
such a weird thing to think about
good then you could definitely taste
them out like before he even saw it we
use he's like oh melon it's it's really
pulls a flavor out is interesting stream
we decided to whip out this one you got
the funnel in it and for this we're
gonna be using my favorite bourbon we're
gonna be using some Blanton's just go
straight bourbon in this one and
hopefully I'm so excited because I love
the flavor anyways I know and then to
just inhale it gonna be pretty nice yeah
so you can see the bubbles forming right
there that's the vapor gathering on the
edges of it and I just got to wait for
that to start like beating down a little
bit making legs and then I'll go for it
try the Blanton's oh that's harder to do
than the flavored vodka I will get it
this is a win big girls yeah that was
that was it I would pussy yeah give us
another try
Alice velvet shot
boy yeah who's Jake Matt let's try this
again
did I'm more self-respect what was that
your boss plan again oh there's you it
tastes like blood all right yeah you're
Kara / re try that Oh things like blends
yeah really good it tastes like apple
juice yes
not exactly like apple juice but I felt
a little like like a liquor equivalent
it's a little bit gnarlier they try it
try it if you may try it try it on this
day oh I gotta let them out of the
garage strawberry ha ha ha yes ready to
cheers Cheers to drinkin she's gonna
choke I just thought I should tell
everybody
no fat jokes no wasn't even it was that
about I was like you're just dying
what's the joke
hashtag what's the joke there's no
receipt it no I don't know what chose to
talk about
we went from vaping alcohol to drinking
it because even they say the company
don't substitute drinking for that just
complement it with it I don't know if
they actually said that but that's what
we're doing
I always tell you guys if you ever see
me
you'll be on tomorrow's Nokia to watch
yeah he said he watches
oh yeah
ready drink it's my birthday
here's your birthday Oh
have you ever had with ginger oh yeah
hold on I got my
Cheers happy birthday to you
knows
good
are you going to bed aye aye
thank you sir he's going to serve in the
morning I need to go to bed because I
need my beauty sleep
just Alice and when you must a saw so
many important things tomorrow it's not
even like it pretty much almost seems
like nothing huh anyway good guten nacht
let's see you and that's all I got for
you guys today so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and on that note uh
Harvey say good night good night sir
I'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye Hey
it's I think he's trying to come out
here
anybody wanted focus there we go so
that's cool a little like puffer fish I
don't know the actual name I just know
puffer fish
