hey guys it's a new day today
and I am on my way to one of my physical
therapy appointments for my neck
obviously my neck is much better at this
point but I still have to go until it's
perfect just to make sure I don't end up
hurting it again because that would not
be good and I do not want to go back to
feeling like crap
so hopefully this goes well it should I
don't see any reason why it wouldn't and
then yeah just that's that's all I have
planned so far and then I'll have myself
a good rest of the day like we always do
I'm now heading over to my dad's office
because you guys know a while ago we
were shooting the TV show together the
sitcom and now after it's all cut and
everything is done with it it just needs
a ADR so I need to go in and that I'm
gonna have to record different lines
that either were not picked up correctly
during the shoot or they have extra
lines they want me to say when the shot
has like my head turned the back of me
or I'm not a focus so they can add lines
here and there and it would still seem
natural it's a normal process of any
show that's being made so I'm going
there right now to do some of that it
shouldn't take me too long but I enjoyed
doing it and I'll get to see some of the
clips that they're putting it into so
that should be pretty cool and that's
that's what's going on at the moment
heading over there right now there's
more fish and new eel in the in the fish
tank here here's the one that I've
showed you guys before this keeps
opening in the mouth
and check this out they got this is what
this is one of the new fish Hey
it's I think he's trying to come out
here
anybody want to focus there we go that's
cool a little like puffer fish I don't
know the actual they might there's no
puffer fish and then here's the newest
eel this one's a big one
that one super cool
yeah there's a few new fish in here one
what is up with you
I wonder if I go over here if it'll fill
over here is he gonna come over here
don't tap on the glass right here comes
over here look my finger
it's so weird here I want to go over
here tell over here comes from over here
here are you going maybe just maybe it
was just luck
but he actually looked like he was good
here look come here now that he sees me
I'm tapping the glass come on whoa hey
how's it going
so weird he's coming to me everyone
wherever I go
it's now much he's now on your favorite
because he follows me you guys should
follow me too
on Twitter and on Instagram and
subscribe you guys to be my favorite too
there's something terrible going on
today here not too far from where we are
still in California and San Bernardino
breaking news deadly mass shooting
apparently so far there's 14 dead and
another 14 injured which is absolutely
terrible I know a lot of you guys are
wanting to comment that this is why guns
should be banned and everything that and
I'm not about to tell you you're wrong
and I'm not about to tell you that this
is why you should have guns so this is
why you shouldn't have guns or anything
because I don't talk about that sort of
thing is very political to me and I
don't discuss that up here but I was
going to actually later on in this vlog
I was going to go to the shooting range
to try out my new 45 but I am NOT going
to do that today in respect for what is
going on and I do I know a lot of gun
lovers are gonna hate me for this
especially since they've been loving the
recent gun stuff I do think the laws
need to be a little bit more strict in
the sense that it's just as much as I
love it as much as I buy them and a lot
of you gonna say I'm a hypocrite but I
buy them because they're legal because
they're easy but I do think that there
needs to be it needs to be harder
because it's a little too easy and that
hopefully making a little bit harder
would prevent this from becoming a
normal daily occurrence and becomes just
normal life this attorney on the news oh
the fact I came in here I was talking to
Kimmy and I said another shooting it
wasn't oh there's a shooting it was
another because it's become just a
normal thing here which is unfortunate
and that means something needs to change
Oh Oh don't run into anyway I brought
you something they had something at the
office for you dad something at the
office for you yeah I don't really I
think it's a weird dragon or something
this it's like a weird dragon with a
flimsy little tail he's gonna destroy
this you want saying destroy you want
something to destroy go get it
watch his legs oh he's not doing it
sometimes when he runs he's really
excited his legs like I can't know
anything I could do with my fingers but
they rotate inward opposite like
directions it's really rare maybe we can
get him to do it it's a squeaky toy
squeaky squeaky I'm gonna take it from
you I'm gonna take it I got it squeaky I
know you like that ready not really he's
not into it maybe just feeling a little
lazy he loves he likes the toy that's
clearly or he just likes playing fetch
what do you got yeah take it to chew it
apart I am just getting to the airport
right now if you've noticed jake hasn't
been in my vlogs last few days and
that's because he has been vacationing
with his family in the wonderful place
called Costa Rica he's been surfing in
Costa Rica so now he's coming back his
parents and brother are still there for
a few more days he had to come back
because he has work tomorrow so he's
gonna come back so I'm picking him up
right now from the airport
hopefully I don't have to be here too
long because if you guys have ever
watched this before whenever I pick
people up I do I don't know actually I
don't know anyone that likes being at
the at the airport it's just not a it's
not a fun place
the only thing exciting about it is it's
like you're leaving to go on a vacation
you're like this is gonna get me to my
vacation but other than that I want this
part to be over yeah usually how it goes
I know that Jake will be using this one
and no one's at it cause right now it's
hell over there
might have I don't want to be Krauts
it's not whether I want to be but he's
gonna be over here so I might as well
wait over here for this note that a lot
of people help him get out quicker we
can get out of here apparently he's
outside this text I didn't even see I
stood at the bottom and waited
I didn't even see you
I would sit at the bottom of the
escalator
there oh you went somewhere else
directed upstairs
oh it's like when I got your text that's
like tonight the club is like I'm gonna
see him anyway when you watch down here
damn it in and out is always a good
welcome back to LA I want it is the
start dinner say anything he came up to
say hi what's your name Eric Eric yeah
well he came up and I was I was just
like slouching over and I told you want
to be on the water I'm gonna put you on
the bug I always say if you guys see me
in public make sure you come up and say
I check this out Jake just showed me
this what is this it's a Costa Rican
wrong Costa Rican rum centenario for the
collection yeah to add to here this is
super awesome he said he tried it but he
didn't try the 9-year not right this
second I'm tied to I was kind of falling
asleep over watching yeah yeah we were
just watching shows on the TV well it
looks nice and it's tasty yeah thank you
for that yeah
centenario good night mr. Harvey good
night good night good night good night
Oh as if a somewhat yeah anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed watching today that's
all I got for you
we're going to bed now right yeah oh
we're going to bed so I'm that note I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye
a while ago people say attention
