hey guys it's a new day today I've been
looking at you guys loving that custom
sniper build and I had so much fun doing
that and I was really excited to put
that up slash a little nervous just
because you know it's a it's a it's a it
was like a fully produced video so it
wasn't just like my daily life so I was
worried I was like are you guys gonna
like it and you it's doing really well
and I appreciate that and I just didn't
have to say anything but I wanted to I
wanted to say thank you and then I
appreciate all the support that you guys
always and continue to show but today is
my father's 60th birthday very big
birthday so happy birthday to you dad
and we're gonna be doing something cool
for it right Harvey wrong you're not
coming I'm sorry buddy I wish you can
come I wish you'd come with me
everywhere
but you can't we're gonna be going to
the Laker game but because it's a big
birthday of his he rented out they have
like a like a lounge kind of Club at
Staples Center to watch the game holds
about a hundred people so you invited a
ton of his friends I'm gonna go and I'm
bringing Brandon and Hanna they're on
their way here now and then we're gonna
go have an awesome time for his sixtieth
birthday
watch a Laker game probably grabbing
some drinks and just having a good time
and I I'm going to be bringing you guys
along for the ride so let's do this we
are on our way now although mr. Brandon
and
look who's in the back of her own car
I did offer to sitting back and she was
like no sit up front so I'm not just we
are in her car my car if you guys
remember a few a couple of logs back I
asked you what the light was on my
headlight you guys told me it meant that
it was going out well you were right
because it went out and I don't want to
drive one headlight because then I'll
get pulled over and that'll take your
crap Oh anyway I want to show you guys
what I got my dad for his birthday I
thought it was really cool because I
really want one and I know that he likes
same kinda stuff I do which I come the
brand new Apple TV this is the one that
is controlled by Siri and stuff and it
has a bunch of cool features so I think
he'll enjoy it they'll either send it up
at his place or his office so hopefully
no one else gets him the same thing and
if it does maybe I'll just keep it if
they do but but I think he'll like it
because I know I would hello hello hello
I'll be high-fiving or oh you guys did
you guys get wristbands oh he's got
wristbands
this is a club line okay you got this
whole area here Oh Oh Laker girl yeah
you got this for his 60th birthday got
this whole lounge bar everything super
cool
happy birthday Brenda thank you as my
boy
over there
food
peanut butter Brown a snack cake yeah
and then you gotta take a shot
happy birthday
blows out the candles and everything
unfortunately the Lakers won
so close
it's now kind of like
Harvey just eat some food drink some
water and went for a run up and down the
stairs and everything then what happens
when you go for a run up and down the
stairs you throw up Oh Harvey oh he's
eating it he's eating it yeah that's
gross food in some water he'll just eat
that up and then I gotta clean it fine
yeah well thanks for coming of course
okay tonight was super fun again happy
birthday to my dad one thing that was
sad but cool at the same time was it was
really sad to hear that Kobe Bryant
announced his retirement for the end of
the season he will be retiring what was
cool though is that today was because
today was his retirement at the game
they had these were only only at the
game to have these black envelopes here
that were given out mine still sealed
not opened at all that is his letter of
retirement so only the people that went
to the game tonight were able to receive
that sealed envelope with his letter of
retirement I hope they see these
shooting up all over PA people selling
them from a lot of money but I'm not
planning on selling mine a big Kobe fan
and that's that's a really cool thing to
keep especially since it's not gonna
happen again
so this was a really cool thing to take
home from tonight and yeah but that's
all I got for you so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
whoa clearly they're metal yeah I know
what a rough what is it chassis this
chasis no maybe you're speaking another
language in a car
