hey guys today is a little bit of a
different different type of video this
is very different different type
I got a brought you a towel this is
Hannah for those of you that don't know
Hey hi
who's your boyfriend who's your boy for
you know like this happen button dude my
boyfriend he always introduces me this
is Brandon's girlfriend no I said this
my friends with my friend Ali this is my
friend Hannah make sure you see now she
this is Alex my friend today we're going
to be doing side a little bit different
today we are building a custom sniper
rifle using a Remington 700 SPS varmint
chambered in 308 with a 26 inch barrel
it is so I'm gonna grab the instructions
that I have that came with this MDT TAC
21 chassis system or chassis kit whoa
clearly they're metal dang rightful
chalice what is it no yeah I know it a
rough right now see what is it chassis
this chass√©s in English we put up this
chaplain no maybe you're speaking
another language in a car if you're like
a chassis okay we are we're gonna use
this tactical chasis we're turning just
like a normal like hunting rifle into a
sniper like tactical sniper I don't know
number one remove bolts from action okay
so we remove the bolt Oh
that is the bolt grit okay number 2
remove barreled action from original
stock I have a my handy-dandy gun
sitting a kit like gunsmithing kitten
yeah because I don't know I just like
when there's a lot of the same thing
these are a lot of difference
I know if that's I'm saying in different
sizes like Italy it visually pleases me
when there's a lot of the same thing in
different sizes and shapes here yep
no you're taking all the way I can't
believe a letting her do this appointing
you rightful no just go oh it I'm not
gonna hurt it I'm really down unjust
undid that one will keep the cable set
this in a spot oh look what we are doing
in barreled action is being removed from
the original was it all original stock
so let's take this that's here ok
looking guy I think it's really good so
far we're doing really well ok now we
have the barreled action this is the
action ok that's like the church's house
dog yes well we did great oh I'm not
move doesn't mean you start hitting it
with a hammer you're gonna break it
hey how do I remember I don't know it's
been treating it
drift out the rear seer been mmm ok
I'm not a pit break
I think we're getting it really oh okay
I just don't Elise totally did I just
want to lose the pin all right I'll hold
on to it I'll put in my pocket okay
let's put this below we got it it wants
okay now I'm gonna return no not it I
didn't take it all the way out because I
don't want to lose this home care not to
lose the bolt this year spring is
concealed within a trigger assembly and
should be kept track all sorry kept
track of it kept track of all coochie I
do it okay so this is the rear sear pan
yeah this is the bolt stop spring okay
so your spring and old sell out okay I'm
putting all of our little parts over
here perfect and I'm going to keep real
close eye on them recognize wait why are
you let me do any of this you want to
hit I don't three no no no I'm so glad
I'm so volume good here you try it
I just don't touch I just want to lose
the springs now you can know you can do
it I'm not this you want me to punch out
this true yeah punch so Jude might be in
the bottom no snow no not the plastic
yeah not that it matters hard if you
like going through
okay okay whoa okay you're good okay so
now we got these pieces damn you eat the
1-inch strips punch you can be my
sidekick I'll do everything
two times slave pins oh now we're
getting into the kit we're getting into
the kit now we might still be holding
for no put that over there okay so for
the trigger - Trevor cos gamma accepted
I put the trigger assembly expanded we
need to slave pins those little lips one
two
we need this year this year and we need
a sear spring yes okay and then the
trigger assembly it's this just oil this
is like oh no good thing I don't have my
nails
it'll be fine I know in the spring and
that little thing see it hold on I just
let me use tweezers okay wow this is a
lot of oil
it's okay good okay I feel like I'm like
doing operation
and put on it correctly yeah well you
did don't touch it
she got it yeah we're putting out my mom
from the limbo that would be my turn my
turn oh my god I'm really bad at this
I think I'm gonna fall no gun guys
whatever watching I oh my god oh oh good
okay oh yeah
wait now okay so the safety is going in
yeah I don't get why you go like I'm
just doing this for fun of like Rob
Daniel that's all I'm doing this is for
this good old-fashioned fun times with
Alex but I really don't see why you
would add Vernie a sniper install the
magazine limiter pins
the appropriate configuration living
around us that's for long action so we
could skip along actualize I have a
sheet action fit the trigger housing
into the action housing by the way of
the dowel pin install MS example I show
torque to 65 inch slot 4 pounds
perfectly it's like a puzzle piece if
it's right over there
now we get to use the torque wrench
torque I know you like to twerk but this
let's work let's work back actually I
heard torque before but I never knew
what a mess it makes it so that once I
tighten and it's 65 pounds per spin
stops then it'll it'll click it won't go
any farther
I don't overtake it because I said it
went I just put it here yeah you put
that there
keep going tilt some little little tight
I'll click there you go ok so take it up
now do you saving this or selling it to
work torquing every time working don't
work toward not torquing I know I know
it's not working yet but it built what
work perfect it's not torque its torque
oh I thought it's more no torque yes now
we're putting the floor oh we use a
second normal thing to do like a lot of
people turn their regular randomly
snipers I don't think so 15
oh don't we go through it in first
that's what we do oh but like look it's
so like you have to miss the top thing
there you go yeah okay now we install
the pistol grip okay what stuff the bolt
dawg let's get us into here all the way
forward like this pop that down now oh
my gosh I never honest has never in my
life appreciated a piece of weaponry
like I am now that I built it with my
own two hands
oh it's so feel it Oh pick it up hold it
up and now I have myself a sniper thanks
to you I could not have done this
without you this is super cool this is
super beautiful is it not a beautiful
rifle it's gone it's gorgeous I never
had an appreciation for weaponry until
now now you put you don't way with your
arm that's why I wanted to make sure
that I didn't give this to someone to do
for me it was if you learned a lot about
- and I learned I know I am very I know
a lot more about guns I feel more
confident very weapon this is serious
weaponry and we built ourselves a custom
sniper do not try this at home unless
you want a custom sniper just be safer
thanks for helping me build this I did
good thank you
thank you I think that was amazing it
was and I hope you guys enjoyed watching
hi it is all complete Picatinny rail
Bushnell TRS 25 it is super sick don't
worry I'm not going to aim this at you
want to aim it past you just so you can
see what I did just put together so it
looks cool very very cool
super comfortable to hold and it is just
a 22 but I like it and I think that this
is just an extra feature that's super
awesome
