hey guys it's a new day today I'm here
with my buddy Greg so oh you didn't give
a thumbs up no thumbs up this time every
time if you never watch the vlog that
he's been in Jennifer actually the last
one cuz now he's making a conscious
effort not to give you guys a thumbs up
clearly he doesn't give you guys a
thumbs up anymore cuz he just doesn't
think you guys deserve it
or he's just that's not true that's not
true he just doesn't give a thumbs up
we're actually gonna go right now to go
do some Black Friday shopping and I
don't need clothes I don't need
electronics so we're actually gonna go
to some gun stores where they're doing
some parking lot sales and stuff for
some ammo Antwon here is very expensive
and I want to go take a shooting trip
really soon so might as well pick up
some for for a lot less expensive for
for a better price and maybe go look at
some guns too and see what we do over
there so let's go for some Black Friday
shopping just get into our first
location which is lax rangin ammo but
we're not going to the range we're just
checking out the and I can't really film
in any of the gun places of course they
don't allow that so just on the outside
and then we're going in right now we did
make some purchases I ended up not
buying as much stuff as I wanted to just
because they didn't have a lot of the
brands I wanted as well as the quantity
in the in the deal so the only thing I
picked up was I picked up a can of 308
because the real way it's pretty
expensive and they were doing their
discount for Black Friday so it was
worth it to me for me to pick up some
308 what do you pick up got some a 40
caliber reloads and some 23 sick so now
we're gonna head over to the gun shop
and actually go look at some guns at
another location we're back at my place
now look who's here and mr. brand
alone'd brand aloni that's not you
brought you brought the other 100 Harvey
wants a little piece of it Harvey wants
a PC is Harvey yeah get it get it get it
full penetration I did make a purchase
that I want
guys that I thought was pretty cool i
dont own any 22 pistols or rattles so I
wanted to get my first 22 rifle here
hold this Brandon so I'll show you I got
myself a 10/22 takedown and the reason
it is called to take that out pretty
cool you push a little lever here and
that good to go money to rifle can't
wait to try this baby out so here's the
bag so the stock part goes into here
this sucks into here took this over lock
this down and this is the case that it
comes in this is the Ruger bag and super
small so it's actually a really cool way
to to transport that most the time they
come with like a plastic carrying case
or some sort of or rifles actually
typically come in like just a cardboard
box so it's awesome that Ruger makes it
come with or hasn't come with this bag
and then it's easy as just taking it out
and twisting it putting together so I've
never owned a 22 but I am excited to
start using it because 22 long rifle
ammo as many of you know is very very
affordable compared to all other ammo
I'm a big fan of hog hog grips and
they're pretty much they're like
rubberized grips is that not there
pretty much that's exactly what they are
the rubberized grips but I got one for
the 22 because I saw the line I thought
that it'd be just a good it's more solid
feel than the stock that it comes with
the tent to H becomes loose I have this
Hogue thumbhole stock here with the -
it's still a takedown this is for the
front part here's the stock and I also
got a little Picatinny rail for the top
of it for up here mounts as well as the
Bushnell TRS 25 which was on sale so I
got that not an expensive scope or
anything that's just something - or not
expensive sight just to put something on
it that you know like a red dot just to
make it a little more fun I like to
sometimes make them
a little bit more tact to cool but it
will be useful as well and I think
that'll be fun to shoot I just want to
put that stuff on it make it more
comfortable oh why is it getting stuck
okay we got the barrel out I dropped the
action in and got this all assembled and
tightened now a lot of you guys may be
telling me may know that you should be
torquing to a certain certain pounds per
40 pounds feet pounds I think it's what
it is but when you're shooting at 22 it
doesn't have that much power at all so
you really just I'm not going to over
tighten because I know it's a bad thing
but tighten it to some extent did this
so now let's just walk back bolt and
then let's see and here is brand new
now because this is a raised cheek piece
that's why I needed to get a sight court
so I'm gonna have to put on that
Picatinny rail and the sight but this is
super comfortable and still very easy to
take down it is all complete Picatinny
rail Bushnell TRS 25 it is super sick
don't worry I'm not gonna aim this that
you're gonna aim it past you just so you
can see but I did just put together so
it looks cool
very very cool super comfortable to hold
and it is just a 22 but I like it and I
think
that this is just an extra feature
that's super awesome for storing it
hopefully it still fits in that awesome
room your bag but this is 10/22 takedown
not only did I get the 10/22 takedown
but I also got something a little bit
bigger a little bit on the other end of
the spectrum I got myself a 308 this is
the Remington SPS varmint chambered in
308 with a 26 inch barrel but like the
other one I am gonna change it now I
didn't only just get a different stock
I'm doing a complete rebuild and
building a custom sniper but in order to
do this I'm gonna need a pro to help me
because I have never done this before so
I chose a pro who knows how to build
custom snipers and she goes by the name
of Hannah you're gonna help me you're
the professional
you know how to build snipers you could
teach you how to build snipers yes
everything you know Oh about snipers
yeah okay well I do have a lot to learn
but I'm not gonna do that in this video
you will see that tomorrow as a separate
video head on I will be building a
custom sniper I think this will be fun
you ready to build it I'm ready let's
build it we just finished putting
together the epic custom sniper and you
guys will see that tomorrow I still got
to edit the video but I did you enjoy
making it oh my gosh I had so much fun
eyelets taught me so much no I didn't I
didn't even know like I was learning to
sew this I know I know some of the names
of parts okay yes that's true I could
definitely do it again I would have to
use the instruction booklet but I think
I would be able to do it a lot faster
and I had so much fun it's it was a lot
of fun doing it was it cool do you enjoy
it thank you tired
really a lot of work I actually had to
take a nap in between we had that we had
well because we had to recharge the
batteries it took a lot longer than
expected obviously the video won't be
that long but it was it's gonna be a lot
of editing three different cameras and a
long time for us to figure out certain
things but I'm excited to show you guys
tomorrow for you guys to see the gun
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching I'm excited to show you the
video tomorrow and I am ready to go look
at this look at this look at this man
it's man dog
it's tire
he's so tired
it's pretty late it's like 2:00 in the
morning 10 tutus like that but anyway I
have myself fun day and that's all so on
that note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye oh yeah you enjoying it take the
bus don't say anything first say
anything without soul okay I was fading
