hey guys it's a new day today and I know
that not all of you guys are American
and I know that technically while you're
watching it was yesterday but I just
want to say happy thanksgiving and that
i am super super thankful to have all of
you guys as a part of my life you guys
are a huge part of my life more than
some people I see your comments and your
viewership and everything more than I
see some people I actually know in
person so you guys are a huge part of my
life and I'm thankful for that and you
guys keep me happy and excited to keep
going and do this every day so I just
wanted to make sure I took the time to
say thank you I don't know how often I
do but I just know that I am always
thankful for you guys and I want you to
know that it let us take the disc out of
here sit down here brooding the xbox is
it just gonna play better have to do
like an update or something usually
these games it is like a big update to
do is anything happening hello
hello I was right it needs an update of
three point two gigabytes so I guess I
just have to start it finally after like
seriously like a half hour of updating
if not more I think it's ready to go
bring on the black ops no hello it's
going on here now apparently it's back
to installing at thirty-eight percent I
don't understand this whatever it's
taking forever I so long just to play
the game this is a normal process it's
just I hate how long it takes I'm about
to head out now to meet up with my
family at my brother-in-law Alex's
family's house so my sister's husband
Alex his family his parents are having
Thanksgiving dinner we're all meeting
there that's we're gonna head out to now
I'm noticing i just turned my car on and
the weirdest thing is my headlights are
two different colors and i have no idea
why does it mean my head lights burning
out on the right side shake this out
it's white like it should be hold on wow
what is going on with this camera there
you go it's white like it should be but
that sides pink why is it white and pink
I tried like resetting them turn them
off turn back on nope still two
different colors if one of you guys
knows why that is happening or if I'm
correct about it just dying let me know
because I have no idea what's going on
do you think excuse me she's bendy are
you busy uh are you gonna do
oh is that fake was a real she smiles on
command oh really yeah try again yeah
she was smiling time to go I feel some
of my but how do they know okay perfect
oh yeah i would go to you enjoying it
take the bus is stopping you don't we we
don't say anything first if any of them
well i have 1 to 100 ago shouldn't say
anything without an outsole good one
okay I'm just ready oh my what she
wanted us just get a be down to go eat
more turkey what what target look at
Alex right now let me go turn around
look at Alex like a herd of you know
either at Disney World or is she we
share turkey legs I'm back home now and
it is done and ready to go black ops 3 I
gotta play this for a little before I do
anything else tonight because I don't
want to play it and it's been taking so
long to update that now this game is
final you ready I think oh yes here it
is how to play a little I was texting
max max no sleeves to see if you wanted
to go out tonight up to some bars like
that I think everyone just kind of got
stuffed from dinner it just kind of
to take it easy stay in and I ended up
doing the same after I played a little
bit of black ops 3 which is awesome by
the way I just watched a movie and now
i'm going to head to bed so time for me
to call it a night time for you to call
it a night too fat so tired of you
Harvey and we'll have ourself a good day
tomorrow so I hope those of you had I
hope you guys had a great thanksgiving
for those you that celebrated and i hope
that you guys just had a great day for
those of you that do not and I'm that
note that's all I got for you so i will
see you guys again soon goodbye
he was looking into every way
