hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently on my way to physical therapy
for my neck my neck is still not perfect
but it is much much better than it was
so I'm happy about that it has four
pretty good range of motions it's not
perfect so hopefully that goes well
sometimes it's difficult since it's not
a physical therapy and then we won't be
on with our day we will continue we will
have ourselves a good day like we always
do now that i'm done with that went by
super fast for you guys right was like a
second now i am going I'm just turning
into the parking lot Ryan hair and i am
going to game stuff because i would like
to get black ops 3 I do not have black
ops 3 and I did I actually did a poll on
Twitter I like that new poll feature I
did a poll on Twitter to see what
console I should get it for xbox one or
ps4 and sixty percent said ps4 which is
why I'm getting it for xbox one that's
not why I actually am getting it for
xbox one but the reason is not to go
against what you guys said the reason is
because I have always been an xbox guy I
love ps4 but I grew up on xbox playing
halo and everything but it's because I
wanted to to stream it and gilroy was
texting me and asked me if I have black
ops 3 so that we can do a co stream
together so we can you know somehow do
one together and it'd be cool across our
across our twitch channels and I said to
him I was like oh wait a second do you
have it for ps4 for xbox money goes I
have it on xbox one so that is why I
made my decision so that I could stream
it play it with Gilroy and you know you
could buy it for whatever system you
like but if your friends are on it it
doesn't make it that much fun
I have a few friends that are on xbox
and that that's what made up my decision
well looky here call of duty black ops 3
can't wait to play this I might just pop
it in in a few minutes and try it out
but first I need to use the bathroom
Harvey you hang out here daddy's got to
use the toilet okay okay okay stinky one
okay stinky one he's so weird yeah i'm
currently on the toilet right now but
while I'm on the toilet I actually
because I did you know the sponsored
video from jelly splash of the day I got
back into playing because I really
wanted to get past the levels i couldn't
beat which was 83 and now sitting on
this toilet sorry i had two shows of you
and they're not sponsoring this or
paying me to say this but i am playing
it i just wanted to show you i have one
move left and i have all this and i'm
bout to even if i get just one star in
it I just need to beat it let's see did
it beep to go I think I just beat it oh
yes and this totally said this is gonna
sound funny because uh huh which is the
sound of this is gonna sound funny
because it's not a sponsored video or
anything God but I actually couldn't do
I'm probably couldn't beat that level if
I didn't find the Thanksgiving items and
get the boost to beat it so like I said
guys I'm only gonna do sponsored videos
and actually believe in here i am
actually playing that that is my it's my
one of my favorite toilet pastimes you
know poopy time apps that's that's what
I like but I did beat it and for those
of you that do that don't know where to
find it i will post links in the
description below so you guys can find
it and get it for yourself if you want
to try to beat my score i saw so many of
you already like you guys started so
much after me
you're on like someone was like 100
level of me lleva la 130 hundred fifteen
so we're in the 90s how do you do that
that's insane you guys are nuts but it
is is I'm happy that I was able to pass
i dropped my phone but i'm not about to
aim the phone down there so i make my
camera down there so I'm gonna have to
turn this off and grab it I just watched
furious Pete's new video and he is
officially cancer-free that's so awesome
I'm so happy for him I you know a lot of
people like I'm worried you know what's
gonna is he gonna be okay or you know a
lot of people the whole time I know that
he is such a strong guy and all the
things that he accomplishes through his
working through an honest channel even
the challenges are really difficult so I
knew this was just another big challenge
that he was going to accomplish and he
did he is now cancer-free so furious
Pete everyone's been here for you
everyone's still gonna be here for you
and now that you're cancer-free let's
party I'm so happy for him but i just
wanted to I wanted to say it on here and
and and I thought that that was so great
it was such a to see that definitely
made me smile I'm driving over to my
parents house now I'm gonna meet up with
them probably get some dinner and then I
have something for work I'm doing with
my dad just a side thing but
heading over there now almost there and
then I'm really hungry I want dinner
like right away welcome home ought to
the man down the stairs what I park
everyone's park there's people come
around here without hitting cars and
stuff ok ha we're here I just came to
see Abby oh and and Riley can't even
that was a look you gave him right here
look Abby does he want to look at Abby
Abby Abby Abby Abby don't know what if i
go over here maybe if I don't make icon
I why you so angry at me we just had
dinner here at the village in woodland
hills I've never been here two brand-new
like
or semi outdoor shopping center I mean
it's outdoor but they have like a bunch
of cool restaurants here in cool stores
I've never been here I grew up really
close but I don't come near that often
so now it's cool to see like everything
here is completely doing I'm never yeah
you want a shake oh I thought that was
to climb mystified
is it to climb oh there's little kids in
it well when the quiz you got okay we'll
climb later
Oh
sweet shop hi guys hello
oh yeah you
the best part please take me to see the
best part
Oh
I have to pee I'll keep your camera here
go ahead
Oh
it's magic frosting glass in the
bathroom oh I'm in the back of my dad's
picture
yeah i'm back at my place now I was
going to go out to some bars with Max
but I am extra tired right now and I
just really want to go to bed and he's
ready to go to bed too at least I think
so he's just playing this toy anyway
it's time for both of us to go to bed
and cuz that's all I got for you so hope
you guys enjoyed watching and on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye one nice yeah ok tom tries
cheers
whoa it is good really good it is I
thought it'd be like an interesting
taste for what I told you with it's
actually really good
