hey guys it's a new day today and I
already have so much anxiety and I have
anxiety every time I'm trying to pull
off a prank and today's a special prank
because it is for Kyle who does all of
the casting frampt ish so all the videos
we make for Facebook everything that he
does all the castings so he put out a
casting call for a video that isn't
actually happening because we secretly
got in contact with one of the girls he
cast first so we can pull an epic
birthday prank on him because today is
Kyle's birthday look who has arrived mr.
Seth mr. Kyle
Andrea's here we're shooting the video
with Andrea first yeah you wait you wait
to shoot some some good stuff today oh
it's your birthday I forgot about that
happy birthday I just picked this up I
had this made this is for the reveal it
is his giant check for $10 so this is
his epic birthday bonus Kyle thinks the
three of us are out filming right now
and he is waiting in the downstairs
apartment for the first actress to show
up but she's already here she's just
waiting on our cue and then when she
tells him she's here he's gonna meet her
out front and bring her in
we just realized we were supposed to
meet up with her before she went in cuz
we didn't mic her there's no sound
technically that was your job so you're
the one that messed up I messed up call
Kyle tell him to that I left something
in the upstairs apartment he should go I
could run it no we would like Mexico
that who actually did leave in like okay
yo hey real quick so Alex thinks he has
a second Mike upstairs in his computer
room the computer you worked on last
week can you it's cool if you leave the
girl downstairs but can you go upstairs
and check to see if there's a Mike and
if there is what we do to meet us at the
parking lot bonds yeah okay just let me
know as soon as you can yeah all right
okay the other girls there all right
yeah yeah okay all right cool all right
talk to you but I'm gonna run in and
Mike a real quick
okay so help me hide this baby here
others like it husbands
I'm almost cold yes always it's so hot
and then yeah that's not healthy
yeah some shoot so they're like really
have super low a co-op freedom hey oh
I'm on the shoot I told you which one um
it's like a viral video it's like an
hour shoot I did I told you like a few
days ago we were supposed to see like on
Friday
well who's all there with you it's a guy
what seriously you're sitting at home
doing nothing I'm actually doing making
money
I gotta say anything Wow no I'm not
alright if there was a girl here she
would ask me how I was and I just stare
at me seriously I'm just gonna sit there
and do nothing
that this felt good you know what you
should be more nice because people are
fucked up you see it my boyfriend just
called me asking to leave because I'm no
longer here with you with a dude that's
a casting guy all of you dudes are just
same fucking douchebags
yeah sure they're ready fine you know
what yeah Kyle just text me come back
now she's freaking out okay we should
get in position
ready and busting yeah we might a matter
yesterday you see we got you for your
birthday
$10 damn it
wait I think they got superior on I
wanted to put a thousand I wanted to
give you a doubt
you can make it right anyway Wow this is
your birthday present
thank you that's real yeah that's real
that's real thank you this is uh it's
actually a thousand ones I told you they
got that wrong you should try to bring
it for the next video to try to catch it
yeah
so for the rest of the day you girls
just gonna hang out in those yeah Kyle
you girls can go change so I could
really use a shower right now
we get well look at that that's that's a
shellfish shots shots shots
in fact we'll even take it will even
take you to a bar after this is this is
this is today's birthday no no you can't
drink at the bar but you can take you
you can hang out yeah cheers whores
happy birthday you could drink yeah it's
ready to go drink let's do it
Kyle do you like fancy places I think
I'm taking you to a fancy place yeah
today you're gonna be bougie Kyle yeah
it's just right here did your partner up
with Cindy perfectly hotel I'm going to
show you something pretty ready here
ready no that's weird a glass elevator
why am I so sweaty in here in the Sun so
I all these okay booth my man you're my
son
there's too much glass in here I
officially have the girliest drink at
the table Cheers
don't break out to flash I'm so
sensitive oh yeah is it good what were
you just do is help it was pepper you
just reach over to pepper and Charlie oh
oh oh my god Charlie you trying to mount
that big woman are you cleaning up oh
wait I know she says that we should
watch Charlie hi Charles and we end up
getting wasted and playing cards against
humanity' not wasted not wasted hi happy
birthday still let me see between your
legs where where you have no pants
we ended up drinking some more and I
definitely forgot to close out the vlog
so now we were into the next day I am at
the office look I'm doing okay are you
doing okay today oh oh oh okay Kyle
didn't make it in today but that's just
because he's actually back with his
family today so I'm gonna end it here
happy birthday again to Kyle and I will
see you guys again soon
goodbye
