hey guys it's a new day today and let's
saddle you know I was working this
morning on some stuff and now I'm like
I'm stuck with not really knowing what
to do Harvey you don't really come up
with the best ideas because if I
listened to Harvey I would be napping
all day and probably you know chewing on
some balls that came out totally wrong I
knew how it was gonna come out as soon
as it was coming out of my mouth balls
are not coming out of my mouth let's
just have a good day we decided to buy
we I i joined up it's not just me alone
anymore I have something to do today you
busy from Toronto and you're not
visiting from Toronto but we all decided
to get fears and cheers
because it's Tuesday afternoon and
Tuesday afternoon for people who don't
have to go to an office is time for
beers oh yeah giant pretzel it looks
really good all different sauces and
stuff
drink beer and eat pretzels my diet yeah
we actually went to a juice places you
can cleanse your liver before drinking
yeah you cancel each other shit exactly
I got a package when we came back here
and I think I know what it is cuz they
were emailing me and it's something that
they would like me to try it's a company
and they are not branding this at all
this is not sponsored I'm not being paid
they just told me they wanted to send it
and I am always willing to get some
interesting stuff to try so let's see I
don't want to break this yep it's
exactly what I thought it was well don't
want to break it well this is
interesting how do I open this oh oh
that's cool can you pull this plastic
thing off it is Tijuana sweet heat one
of the tequila infuse with a hundred
percent agave nectar I definitely needs
rest they sent me Oh in little ones are
these all yes here's what they sent they
sent all the little bottles and the big
ones with Alex enjoy a few shots on us
if you need some recipe inspiration
we've got a few on the site Cheers
Alyssa so maybe I should wait till Jake
gets back since he is a bartender as
well and him and I can make some of the
Rings to try it do whatever I loved what
better gift than the gift of free
alcohol right I can't wait to taste them
I love tasting things I've never tried
before because clearly I have so many
that i have tried that it's always it's
it's a great thing when i can find
something i haven't I got to say you
guys I always laugh when I read the
comments and not that you guys are wrong
at all because it's not me but some of
you guys comment that you like to not
only keep me in check with things that
are going on but keep this crazy
scraggly beard in check and I from last
few logs I've seen people say wow fix up
your dirty beard trim your neck and neck
getting dirty do it with with with hair
um ok guys I will I don't want to do
like an actual like shave but I all I'll
trim it I'll trim it down so let's let's
let's get to it let's get to it oh yeah
I'm all I'm not gonna have you guys
watching the whole thing I'll just give
me give me one second I think it's
cleaned up enough i mean like i said i
didn't use like an actual razor i just
trimmed it up so i trimmed up all the
dirty spots hopefully this suffices for
it is for now I think it looks ok don't
be he'll be so picky this channel is not
about my beard though it could be I'm
gonna change the name from how it's been
i logged alex minnow beard yeah then
that way and we make it'll then you
could really care about what Alyssa but
thank you guys for caring keep me
looking fresh bad you've been bad you're
so bad bad unicorn your soap welcome
back Jake unicorns get a bad Unicorn
needs good spankin yeah you enjoy that
you hungry there goes let's get dinner
yeah let's go to simply salad oh yeah
toss it
good stuff how's it going in there Jake
I see your socks Jays gone on vacation
and this week says buy a bathing suits
and one I don't make this inappropriate
come on the whole socks in trunk look
is it too tight maybe just runs tight
oh god my closet okay j meyer back at
the place now and we decided to make
some of the cocktails try to try out
this the tijuana sweet heat so we went
on their website found they have a bunch
of them do you remember the one that you
are making oh I'm making the Baja which
is like cranberry orange juice and lime
in it yours is Tijuana cuff a good 5001
ah capital wanna if you wanna yeah I
said it is I know I said I'd like trying
new things that we've had so many
different liquors that it's so it's
interesting to try new things so here's
i'll give you that well here I'll shall
make mine real quick so I'll make mine
kind of like the now uh and I got it I'm
getting masterful at one hand usage just
so much experience but uh I know I so it
has it calls for 1.5 ounces of Tijuana
sweet heat now I decided to use this
which is technically about 1.6 1.7 1.7
ounces but that's fine because I'm
feeling frisky so as I saw the website
they also used a giant cube of ice so
which is the correct way to do it so
let's add the Tijuana sweetie calls for
one ounce of orange juice now an orange
typically has about two ounces of juice
for one large orange so I've already cut
it in half I'm going to take this place
it in my press now do you want to hold
this this I cannot do one-handed so
we're going to go ahead
squeeze this oh excuse you please don't
refresh it actually didn't I wouldn't
call that an ounce let's do a little bit
more just a little how to use the whole
thing well Harvey's oh my god okay I can
take this and then we need to add two
ounces of cranberry juice so put those
two right here holy whoa someone's
excited about g 1 a 3 and then a half
ounce of lime juice perfect add that now
pro tip right here any drink that has
orange juice in it needs to be stirred
even if it's a built drink it has orange
juice it needs to be stirred so now Jake
will make his actually just to finish it
off to make it nicer I cut off a little
bit of the right of the oranges of the
orange mean so you kind of twist it and
then just lay it in it just makes it a
little bit nicer you know actually what
you could do is you can do that and then
rub it around the rim of the glass which
I acted correctly but it's fine so
Jake's gonna make his now so I'm getting
the tough I'm making the CAF 80 on ah
yeah do you want a sweet heat some
triple sec
and some coffee liqueur I'm using canola
use kulula or tia maria and he started
coffee the co2 half ounce of each and
you shake it born in your shot Kahlua I
like using like coffee liqueur and a lot
of things that's really interesting as
well as to use the triple sec with it
because triple sec is like an orange
peel liqueur orange and coffee is such
an interesting mix but it sounds good I
mean you would have like a triple sec or
like a grim one yay or something like
that in my Rita so it does go well with
the teal that's I see
perfect cheers Cheers how's that
it's actually really good is it yeah
it's really good so is this this is
really good too I'm gonna make another
one well you have more yeah and I have a
full drink so you might you might as
well I mean you could almost make three
yeah I hate it when we grabbed myself
shot glass one nice yeah okay tom tries
Cheers whoa it is good really good it is
I thought it'd be like an interesting
taste why I told you with it's actually
really good now I'm gonna continue to
get this which is a completely different
flavor but that's really good too
Jacques and I just finished his cell
netflix in chill time yeah yeah now it's
a little bit late I heard it started to
rain outside it is it is raining oh and
Harvey was outside I don't think it's
still raining but I looked out the
window and it was wet oh it was wet
everywhere sweat and it's time for bed
I'm iron it down good to see you joining
us okay well this is it guten nacht
enough I got work you got work and i
work a little bit so that's also goodbye
to you guys i hope you guys enjoyed
watching and on that note i will see you
guys again soon goodbye do you know
what's going on Brendan I see fight I
see an ambulance over over there I
better I know what happened what
happened
some asshole was vlogging hey cause
genetics haha
