hey guys today is a new day
look who's here it's Brandon master flex
master flex master flex yeah flex I
actually I didn't have my blog camera
with me but I really wish I blogged it
when I went to the gym I went to my
karna try to start it in a win start so
Brandon drove out here not only to hang
out and we have a drink video we're
gonna shoot but he came out here earlier
early enough so that he can meet me
there and we jump in my car and it is
good to go now at least I don't know
when we started again we'll see how -
actually just for fun you should start
it after every the but if it's dead
that's your problem
well what if you are you gonna come back
and help no but I know thank you
we're gonna go see if Bonds has the
ingredient we need we're missing one for
the drink video I want to do so we're
gonna go and check and see if they have
it they didn't have what we were wanting
had Vaughn so we're gonna go to BevMo
and my car turned on so I'm happy let me
answer but it looks like there's a lot
of traffic up here I think I see fire
trucks and police cars and stuff like
that I think there's an accident
so don't honk at me I can't be stuck in
the middle the intersection you ass all
hold on he's on the phone is mom okay
do you know what's going on Brendan I
see fire I see an ambulance over over
there I bet you I know what happened
what happened some asshole was vlogging
we chose a bro are you trying to say we
weren't even here yet can't be us do you
see anything and see a woman eating a
pizza I don't know what's going on
oh there's a firetruck that's why yeah I
see this fire truck I don't know what's
going on there I don't know because that
car is no damage it stopped
oh and that guy's sitting on the court
yeah I think I think the guy got an
older man got hit he's just sitting on
the side or line I'm good we have to be
really really quiet because it says
right here be considerate of our
neighbors please keep the noise level
down this is a great place we had to
find the right kind of we wanted a
pumpkin liqueur that would be good we
got this I've never had it but I think
it'll be pretty good they have some
other ones but that'll do what I want to
do because we're gonna shoot the drink
when we get back hopefully more rum
chata we should get some of that
I love rum chata I should tweet them and
be like hey I love your stuff can I have
a bottle oh I guess I'll send you a link
to a local sword I always like to make a
stop in their exotic soda section as
well like peaches and cream soda
peanut butter and jelly so that which
I've actually turned them along a long
time ago apple pie and all stuff bacon
what is this
they got here's chocolate all the
chocolate so does but one that Brandon
found for me
do you weren't holding any more I put it
back is the Bulldog root beer it's not
that weird in flavor but it's got a
bulldog so and I love root beer my
favorite root beer like pretty much
favorite up there his dad's root beer
dad's really good but because this has a
bulldog on it I want to try it
which one are you gonna get I do not
know yet mmm there's a bunch of
different root beers you can get
rat-bastard oh look they're bastards and
yeah Jack Black's will pick something as
you know sometimes we do sponsored
videos now and that's part of what this
YouTube it is a business as much as I
love it you can't do YouTube if you
don't love it I promise you it's not
something you can do for money because
it's not it's really hard to do that as
a business but what does help is to have
some sponsored content and I've turned
down a lot of sponsors I have strict
rules against I won't I won't have a I
won't endorse something that I don't
believe in that I would never to use or
something that you specifically have to
pay for I don't want you to have to pay
for anything that I help promote so one
of the things I've promoted in the past
because I already used it and played it
was jelly splash and the thing was is I
was surprised I thought like a lot of
you guys would be like screw you for
promoting for doing my job and in
promoting stuff but you guys loved it
because jelly splash is a fun game some
of you guys did say fu and that's
because I got you guys addicted to a
game that I already love so I apologize
but I'm actually currently pretty far
but I'm stuck but I the reason why I'm
bringing it up is they I talk to them
again and I said hey people actually
loved it and I would be happy to work
with you again let's let's you know it's
I'd like to promote something that I get
good response from you it's really you
know if I don't make you happy there's
no reason to that these companies would
ever want to to work with me so I like
that app and on that note they have some
really cool things that you guys can can
check out for Thanksgiving which is
coming up and they're special lasts
until November 29th so coming up really
soon but they have some in-game some
cool sales going on for Thanksgiving of
in-game prizes as well as
boozes so you guys can definitely take
advantage of those sales and then in the
game if you're over level 25 and you you
got a search for three items to help the
jelly's gather their ingredients for
thanksgiving dinner and to do that you
will earn a special boost so for that
you need to look for the turkey as well
as the pilgrim hat and the core knob if
you find all three of those you will
learn some cool stuff you got to be over
in level 25 so check it out and let's
keep playing together let me know what
level you are on because I wasn't able
to get much farther than 83 which I was
stuck at before and it is really really
hard now you ready almost ready yeah so
we're gonna start shooting some drink
stuff and hopefully I can get this video
up like tomorrow we'll see oh you guys
will know by today's vlog whether it's
up or not let's do it
you picked a what what is the granddaddy
of all Ruby the granddaddy of all root
beers it says okay and I have my bulldog
original bulldog and Jake is here I
didn't get one you didn't get one you
guys you didn't come with us you know I
would come back from work I should have
I'm an asshole there's no there's root
beer without root beer there's beer yeah
but let's open this it was it o mine
told he was it was twist on stuff yeah
was like this twist up there I only
listen to you because you try to and you
said it wasn't it does not do that when
would it say not twist on there look
but can you super poses to it
I know some people are gonna ask what
that opener is it's Kibo or Kibo I don't
know it's someone got it for me as a
gift and I thought it was really cool
like a long time ago I've just made you
to mention it because I know it's gonna
be in the comments if I don't so just so
that I can do more things one-handed
like open a beer or root beer while I'm
vlogging your master me Cheers good
how's that yeah mind this one's really
creamy like Bulldog cream yeah where's
dinner wherever you want princess no you
choose then Benihana no no we're going
Korean barbecue baby and it begins
are you done happy with it
princess wanted remark we all made as
the team Harvey hey buddy hey buddy
there played some GTA over there
hi honey and good news I finished up the
drink video so it is up guys while it's
actually exporting for me but it's
definitely up for you yet so go check
out link below and if this one's a
perfect cocktail for Thanksgiving and if
you are not American it's still a great
cocktail just go check it out
share it show it some love you guys are
killing it on that channel so I'm so
happy and that's what makes me excited
to keep going with it and yeah so let's
just let's let's make some drinks and
have some drinks together this one this
one's a really good one they tried it
too as we all loved it
Brandon is heading down the elevator he
just left
Jake just went to go to bed I need to go
to sleep I am tired I know you want to
go to bed mr. fatso and yeah so make
sure you go check that link below to
check out my drink video and enjoy that
and let's just have a good time all the
time every time I don't know what I'm
saying at the moment I'm really tired so
I'm just gonna go to bed but I will see
you guys again soon
goodbye
