hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
with my father at the moment a little
father hey I know it's rude about it
it's really I like to start with like
good energy if you start it with poor
energy if I go hey guys then it sounds
like about to tell them something dad
all right it sounds louder to you than
it does on here well just scared me and
it's not a way to start a day okay hey
guys yesterday my mom is walking down by
3rd Street so we're gonna go meet up
with her and I know he'll just do
whatever we're getting bored just
sitting here in the apartment so we're
gonna go down there I mentioned
yesterday that I would be doing
something fun in today's vlog what's
going on is you guys know my friend and
fellow youtuber Meghan tonjes and her
birthday was thursday but she won her
birthday party today and I volunteered
my place as her venue so she did all the
inviting and everything like that and I
don't know what time it starts then I've
been prepping and cleaning and
organizing and everything so that things
are clean and put away in whatever she's
gonna it'll be tonight to a bunch of
people coming over gonna hang out party
for her birthday and it should be fun I
don't know what to expect it I've never
had a party here that wasn't for me so
this is finally one that I kind of host
but I don't it's not about me so I get
to just kind of hang out as one of her
guests in my own place this should be
interesting but I'm looking forward to
it go here go on push it push it push it
look like
chasing girls arrive Abby Abby Abby she
doesn't care she was just running in it
we're now doing some pre party shopping
got this stuff going on hi there Santa
how's it going spank you just making me
into a bad boy getting coal getting cold
for Christmas dirty boy duty duty yeah
the setup has begun we're just putting
some snacks over here some drink stuff
over here and the wonderful lady over
here are you excited yeah yeah yeah yeah
setting up the drink station right over
here with some ice Oh open it haha
serving guys of course getting a double
fly and got the beers ready the liquor
steady and writing apart gun turns music
on stuff oh we got trash go cool I
almost forgot i did get her birthday
present as well I got her this very
gender-neutral gender-neutral we don't
know the name of it yeah I don't want to
I find anything look we may be a name
tonight maybe not yeah I I bought her a
unicorn of course
camera my sister welcome back all these
cameras think it's your camera so it's
indirect
Oh
that's it uz for parties
I know
no no I'm kidding if anything they're
like
No
you
it's literally I got turned this fire
off it's the late I don't think there's
anyone else here and I say think because
I have no idea if there is this this
music needs to turn off let's go see if
there's anyone else down in my place I'm
a little bit hundred the influence of
alcohol let's see I don't think those in
here it's kind of a mess there and over
there hmm some people so they're gonna
come back in the morning help me clean
the Unicorn is wasted everything is kind
of trashed wow that is a lot of crap
holy vagina holy dirty rotting vagina
that is a lot of stuff I'll figure
there's someone coming up I see a button
who's coming up here who's coming up to
my place it is Max and Jake I could see
in the in the camera here they come
hi Jesus realize I'm the last one here
does that mean I'm the craziest partier
of the mall you nailed it I was a french
toast french toast need love I man
that's what I were I want a turkey
meatloaf turkey meatloaf thanks guys
yeah thanks guys brother I said thanks
guys getting talk to me what do we do I
said thanks for the turkey meatloaf
you're welcome ok there's a lot of stuff
there's a lot of stuff here how do we
clean all this stuff with our hands oh
wow so I need to eat this oh and there's
a soup in that cup by the way cuz they
are majestic sea horses prancing of the
waters in the Pacific
clean it up might as well to get this
done before we go to bed so that we get
to sleep in and not worry about a mess
tomorrow there's nothing worse than
waking up with the realization you have
a ton to clean up might as well stay up
tired get it done then feet just sleep
in that's
way okay Harvey you go pee everything is
pretty clean it's all clean their things
out the table vacuum to everything back
to normal back to the way it should be
in here we're gonna finish up on the
roof we haven't really clean much on the
roof but that's okay to leave till
tomorrow just all the big stuff
everything here is good clean happy fun
ready what time is it just so we get a
good almost five it is yep for 10 I mean
sorry for 50 I was gonna say 10 to 5 for
50 so 10 to five am Harvey's gotta pee
and then time for me to go to bed so I'm
going to end it here i hope you guys
enjoyed watching that's all I got for
you for today and I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye look at who showed up
look at his dear well oh all the way
from brother from far over there canada
from right hey I'm Canadian you didn't
know it's Canadian yeah
