hey guys it's a new day today and I
think mr. Brandon's headin out here I
have to go to physical therapy and
hopefully a little bit later I have a
friend come invite us you to drink video
which I'm very excited about so let's
just get to it let's get right in our
day let's just have ourself a good day
like we always do yeah to start off the
day right let's do a little mail time
from one of you guys I pulled off the
label because it had your address on it
pretty big but this is for max levi in
texas pull open this and this is hot
this is always the hardest thing to do
it one-handed come on go it doesn't feel
like a letter feels like something like
actually solid Oh smith & wesson knives
professional quality tool that's awesome
open can I open up on one hand me this
thing is there's like tape on it there
we go ah vlogging makes you good at
doing things like what happen so does
being single okay oh this is really sick
I really like this wow that's that's
pretty big oh that's pretty hefty
dan that's a big knife that is awesome
though thank you so much max I'm
definitely gonna this is just a letter
opener right that's all it's for it's
just opening letters I wondered how can
you flick it out let's get it ah ok you
just got to get it started it's a little
bit but it's strong and I like Smith &
Wesson awesome possum thank you so much
max that's really awesome some people
send me letters and you said me knives I
actually was looking to get one pretty
soon anyway just to the tool wise lover
thank you I think the real test oh this
knife is can it cut paper because what's
the knife if it can't cut paper can it
cut it oh it cuts paper ah when i get
bored i tinker around and i took the
knife and i figured why not so I kind of
sharpen the the edge of a like a skewer
thing and they're already pretty sharp
but I made it sharper this tape is just
so that it gets weighted down in front
and then I also tapered down the back so
that it's flat because if it's round
it's harder to grab and I have this
little like look at me being stupid it's
like what I did then I was in high
school anyway so you can hold it here
and it's flat like put in the flat part
so it's flat here so that it's easy for
me to hold it with this band and then if
I hold it here even from a distance pull
it yeah it works it works surprisingly
well box of skewers yeah mr. tank is
here a hectic
this Bank tank I'm I've actually been
fitness j-jake this big tank Brandon's
here right now and we're kind of stuff
furious Pete is coming over in a little
bit so that we can film a drink and
because his stuff is so epic I didn't
want to do a typical cocktail or Sean or
something like that so we I came up with
something called the Furious pregame and
it sounds pretty epic it is pretty epic
I'm a little nervous about it but I
think it'll be pretty cool it sounds
good right what you're excited for it
without saying what this yeah okay well
anyway we're gonna do it so I'm time
texting right now our freedom when he's
going to come by and then we got to get
all the supplies needed to do it and
we're gonna shoot this video yeah boy
look at who showed up look at who's here
well oh all the way from from from far
over there o Canada from right hey I'm
I'm Canadian you didn't know it's
Canadian yeah really yeah my whole my
whole extended family lives in Toronto
wait are you that and and we were
talking about we're doing this video so
one of the aspects of it is is I'll show
you one of the gradients Belvedere
because it's from Poland because of his
polish roots and I have polish roots as
well so what I think we're brothers I
think I think so never know you never
know I mean we have to see we have the
same build we're doing at Laguna
we're doing a challenge of some sorts
but maybe we don't want to spoil it but
we're gonna see who's the better no I
was saying I said that this is kind of
like the working title i have for right
now is the Furious pregame because I
think this is good like you could do
this again go out and feel like feel
okay it's like having yeah with
challenge yes add that word challenge
that works cuz there's a tip if you ever
want a video to do a little bit better
than just next to point out you add the
word challenge but it is a challenge we
are doing a challenge so it's it's gonna
be a challenge I'm scared of choking and
you guys will see why just to give you
guys a little bit of a of a sneak peek
about of what we're going to be working
here working with is we got this right
here and if you could read that it's a
snake in here is a specialty sausage
made with rattlesnake rabbit and
jalapenos yeah rattlesnake that's why it
says snake on there so these are
involved and we're about to start in a
little bit and let's let's do this I
haven't been drinking too much lately so
just doing this challenge that we did I
definitely feel it was um actually
little harder I don't know like an Arab
do I
you already wants to do around to Harvey
always wants to do round to the wrong 20
all I know is it turned out great and
there's a big special surprise in there
an unexpected cameo from my dad just
totally barged into the video and you
guys got to definitely check that out
okay turn out to be great I wanted to
make sure you guys have the video so you
guys wouldn't be waiting for it so I
absolutely grind it right now got this
whole video done it's almost a 10 minute
video ten minute video but it's awesome
because it turned out to be a challenge
video so it's exporting right now out of
Premiere Pro and then I'm gonna go ahead
and upload it to my drinks channel so by
this time it is already up make sure you
please go show it some love blow it up
share it we're gonna do a lot more on
that channel I know it's been a little
bit but I've had some stuff that kept me
from drinking for a little while like my
medications for my neck and stuff so now
we can come back we can do these fun
things I know you guys will love this
one I had fun doing it and watching it
so the link is in the description below
so make sure you go ahead click on that
link to the Furious pregame challenge
and share with friends cuz it's and
definitely just try it it was a fun
challenge I enjoyed it but yeah go check
it out you ready to go to bed hurry what
go down let's go down there well we
ended up having a great shoot Harvey
what are you doing you are in my way
buddy whoa coming through my legs hey
buddy he's a pain right now anyway we
had a great shoot so be sure to go down
in the description click on the link
show it some love Harvey Harvey you go
in the room please
people he's being difficult anyway
that's all I got for you Brandon just
left the upload is still finishing up a
little here now on YouTube for me it's
already up for you so that's all and
tomorrow I should have another fun day
for you because we got something going
on but you will find out about that
tomorrow so that note I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye oh dear i'm actually
i'm actually not excited about this no
and that's all that smell yeah ok let's
do we start at the testicles the 10 we
started the tentacles or the this thing
might be had this thing smells exactly
what do you think it would smell right
yeah oh my god do you want to buy off
the test and to go do you wanna keep
biting the testicle i don't know
