hey guys it's a new day today and I've
been reading some of your comments from
yesterday's vlog and I know that I see a
lot of people that are not haters there
are a lot of haters that are saying
saying that I spend most of my time in
my apartment and you guys aren't having
as much fun watching because I don't go
out that much and I'm not about to give
you an excuse and you guys are right and
that's part of the reason why I haven't
been giving you such like so many daily
vlogs in a row because I feel the same
way this isn't something that you're
noticing and being like why doesn't he
do this anymore for me I thought I don't
really have that many friends in the
area or anything and I try calling a lot
of people like let's go do something
let's do stuff those two fun stuff and I
know a lot of you go why don't you just
go do it yourself
it's not it's lonely to go do activities
alone it's not it's not something that's
great so I do a lot of work here and I
will make an effort and I am planning
some stuff I've been talking to Brandon
we want to take a trip out that with a
bunch of final full adventure stuff
Harvey's barking at something and we
have a lot of cool things coming up that
I hope to be able to that would be fun
and visually you guys gonna realize that
a vlog is a life this is my real life
I'm not writing these I'm not producing
these I'm just living these so when I do
a lot of stuff at home like right now I
had a lot of work to catch up on other
stuff that I do and it's already like
towards the afternoon so it's difficult
I'm not trying to give you excuse like I
said but just know I am gonna work
really hard to give you guys some fun
fresh content and trying to take you
guys outside of my fortress and we'll
try to have the best time because I'm
here for you guys with you guys and
let's let's just have fun let's have fun
again like my cold flicks Jake just got
back from work welcome home alright he's
gonna go get ready or whatever and we're
gonna go out to Mitsuo which is what
kind of market is it
Japanese okay they have like different
kind of Asian stuff I've seen is it just
Japanese okay it's probably I guess yes
just Jeff it's all Japanese anyway but
they have same a whole aisle of like
weird crazy snacks is a I guess Japanese
snacks it is all Japanese and I've
gotten there before and try it took BOTS
like really weird fish that I don't know
Jake says they're better ones I got
those other ones I didn't want to put in
my mouth so we're gonna go there we'll
grab food while we're there but I also
want to get some cool things I thought
it'd be funny to do a Japanese snack
taste test so we'll go there and pick
out some weird things and do some
tasting we are here sue a market place
it's so bright that sign you can't even
read it well sue sue sue
yeah if you guys haven't mitsuo near you
cuz I think it's a chain you guys should
check it out I don't think it's that
it's a small chain yeah hold on hold on
there we go Mitsuo I guess don't have
like a few of them
diesel check
and touka has a really good ramen the
problem with a lot of this stuff is I
don't even know what it goes with like
to me this looks like sprinkles right
but that's not sprinkles that's for rice
it's for rice I don't know what spice
spice I have no idea I don't know what
any of this stuff is you dump it put it
dump it dump it oh it's not focusing
anyway well there we go
anyway it says dump it we should go to
like the sweet snack aisle so at least
it's like supposed to taste it because I
don't even know what oh look there's
Italian Japanese Italian no
we'll get so ants if he's that excited
it must be good right yeah but what is
it I have no idea what this stuff is
out of here just ahead you want head
I'll take it
what I do really like here is you can
actually give everything to make like
your own sushi and stuff and they have
sashimi grade fish that you can just
slice up a tee which I've done before
here I've gotten some of this stuff
bluefin tuna I got that sliced it up and
just ate at home got some good stuff
here oh yeah octopus
mixed with have a squid squid and
octopus what is that just Chum fish and
yeah there's definitely interesting
things in here that we don't know what
it is like this is kind of weird color
and mushy it says on the back in English
so that's red bean cake I don't know if
that's I don't know what it is but air
balloons balloons those are balloons
filled with stuff we don't know but
we're getting all the fruits that we
could find so that we can try it
when we get back we're back now I'm
going to show you our purchases so we'll
start with what a lot of you probably
have are deaton which is hello pandas or
these ones I don't know what that
company is but hello pandas are just
pretty much like little cookie things
with this one has strawberry cream
inside and that one has regular whatever
this one I don't know what these are
says double soda candy and that's like a
jelly thing these are the balloons
things that we're talking about they
actually have like balloon dots I'm not
talking about a butthole anyway that has
like stuff in them they're jelly
Pocky which I love but this is I guess
another flavor is chocolate banana which
I've never had so we decide to get it
just regular cookies and stuff then we
get into some things that we don't have
so these are strawberry Oreos sticks I
don't know sound okay
green tea mini Oreos so all of this
sounds great now this is where it starts
to get pretty interesting is these are
red bean cake wafer things this is red
bean cake like jelly something weird
it's gooey I don't know it doesn't look
super great every burger it says all it
says is every burger bourbon I don't
know what that means
then we have some shrimp fries I have no
idea how good those are gonna be but I
like shrimp shrimp fries we have these
two that's just dried squid I'll take
these out so you guys could see them but
that those are the tentacles dried squid
and these are prepared
boy stur x' that you just eat yeah I
will set these left last actually but
that's what we're gonna be trying
oh and these I wanted to find some sort
of drink it just says these are soft
drink I don't know what they are pickle
maybe but the by the color of it it
looks like they've storing a lot of
semen yeah yeah okay well we're gonna
try let's try the hello Panda you take
one I'll take one although I have had
these stop right in the middle C is the
C draw berry cream inside I think these
are so good
I love using try if you can
this one has individual wrappers so I'm
just gonna - grapes mango
I'll try mango that's right great this
is what they look like you
how's yours Oh mine is light key not
really dizziness what
my god yeah what that's weird
it says double soda candy it feels like
there's soda in my mouth it literally
gives you a sensation that like it's
fizzing in your mouth that's really cool
look how it feels carbonated here's the
next thing these little balloons they're
gooey okay we don't know if you're
supposed to open them or what you're
supposed to do when I just put the whole
thing in your mouth and bite it I don't
know I feel like this is robbery is it
I'm gonna try to fight to end up it's
adding its rubber
I don't know how we're gonna open these
here we go
you got it it's me to go off there okay
it's a liquid
oh-oh it's it you're right it's jelly so
do you squeeze it through there oh yeah
look at that squeeze it through look at
that oh dude in your mouth doing your
mouth its little liquidy oh yeah oh my
god is it out oh my god is that it's
broke-broke
yeah that's just the top of it
why are you so messy mine was a perfect
little balloon I hope I like that what's
your flavor I don't know maybe I just
don't like the consistency the
consistency is all weird like piece yeah
this one already has a strong scent of
banana but I love populous to know your
boy I know
oh there we go take yours that's
wonderful
these can't be bad it's like yeah these
are like animal crackers they're kind of
awesome everyone okay go for you that's
good good oh yeah it's right it's a long
drive
it feels stale but it tastes good maybe
it's supposed to be I that I want to
reduce your market down with that with
pickle semen we'll try that dream okay
Cheers this is it says on the back it's
just called soft drink or something I
don't know that's what it says in
English the only thing in this isn't
English so this is it contains milk and
stuff okay
taste it
I've no idea don't look it's kind of
like a soured milk but not like bad sour
tangy milk that's weird
now comes the strawberry Oreo chocolate
bar so here it is and squeeze out that
turd no I don't think so
want to bite it in half though
we think I think it's pretty great yeah
that's pretty good
kind of weird those strawberry tastes
just all right if it wasn't separated be
really good just strawberries a little
bit interesting you're not bad at all
green tea mini Oreos I don't think that
these can be bad at all just green okay
it's a little like no soda pop sit down
with some more see next is the red bean
wafer comes in this cool stuff looks
like a hotel soap that's exactly yep
you're stuck to everything my mouth not
a fan of it no okay all the textures are
bad the wafer is not crisp it's like
soggy I don't know
it's sticky I don't really like that now
we have the green mush bar yeah that's
exactly they call green mush bar oh my
god it's like wet juicy super steak okay
ready
you eat that one I like this one
too bad not bad I don't like these
textures
well paste the textures don't we know I
don't like it I don't like this at all
oh I don't like this I can't have the
texture of my mouth
the taste isn't bad like I don't need to
wash my mouth out but I could not deal
with that texture okay you guys got to
see this every burger because normally
when they make like burger candies they
don't look like real burgers right this
yeah no you got to see this Oh what the
hell it looks like a legitimate burger
just like a mini button oh my god
there's like multiple things in it well
oh I like that
oh yeah it's like the same consistency
as you nose like square cookies that
have the chunk of chocolate on top like
stuck to it
nice would taste like em that's really
good
shrimp fries ready for some shrimp
friends all right here we go that's
shrimpy that is some shrimpy shrimp
yeah it's not bad no you know putting
all these flavors laughs together
just making some way Jason well they're
not bad you really need to like shrimp
flavor though cuz they're strong I like
talk to you but it was good oh dear I
like you I'm actually not excited about
this no and that's all that smell yeah
okay let's do we start at the testicles
with death
we started the tentacles over the yeah
this thing smells exactly what you think
it would smell thank ya
why is it true
oh my god I'm keeping it on she just
can't see I eat the whole thing it's so
chewy well I finished it not good don't
want to do that
no no washing it down with with semen
semen
I can't even fake a smile about this and
then I just opened it kind of splashed
me which means it's a little wet in
there let me just open it see you guys
could see what it looks like oh no you
come to the toothpick in case it gets
stuck Jake you got to see inside tell me
to hold this open oh my god smells oh no
but no my god I don't want to eat that
that is I don't want to eat the prepared
oysters there you go that's not okay
Cheers okay
that's salty and nasty oh yeah dad I
just swallowed it I'm trying I ran out
of sealant oh that's terrible that was
terrible well that's the last of this
trial thing I am not eating any more of
that hello can we get down Alabama okay
guys well I hope you guys enjoyed that
one to give you guys something fun today
and that's all I got for you so on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
so I go to my intro you guys obviously
know mantras but I just it's already
completely all selected I'll just drop
that in a timeline now for the next one
you know vlogs look pretty seamless but
they're not because I have to push
record and then aim it at myself so I
let it play and right before I say hey
guys so let's watch this let me bring it
back sorry so right before there I think
I'm about to say hey so I pushed the in
button which is that
