hey guys it's a new day today
and I'm actually currently almost
finished uploading yesterday's vlog so
it's like a continuous train like at
like a human centipede of vlogs a vlog
centipede you know one vlogs going up
the other ones eating its but that's
what happens so I just got back from the
gym I'm actually gonna be working on
something today with my trainer
something that you guys will find out
about in the future potentially so she's
just parking down there I actually got
to go let her up but yes I'm excited to
get working on that and I'm excited to
clue you guys in soon hopefully
so yeah let's let's have ourselves a
good day like we always do it went well
with my a trainer I really didn't vlog
too much of it is everything we were
talking about we were meeting and
figuring out is pretty secret for right
now so I didn't want to to show anything
that was going on because we're running
things it's just you guys see it soon
it's something exciting it's something I
think would be fun and something that'll
be good for me and hopefully good for
all of you guys too so we'll just we'll
just wait for that she just left right
now Harvey what are you doing what are
you doing max happen to be at a place
grabbing lunch down the street so I told
me come by Hugh I need 8 lunch side and
I didn't go but he think he's he's
coming up here hello is that oh it is
Harvey wants to have sex do you
everything yeah well that's usually what
happens is every time without you not
only like half sexy one time and then
just goes away Harvey
yeah some of you guys have been
commenting saying that I am only posting
these vlogs when I have a sponsored
video just so you guys are clear frames
app which I've been pushing are not
sponsoring these videos it's a
completely separate thing where if I
just get followers on frames
I'll give 25 cents I mean I'm doing this
with them but 25 cents for every
follower goes to a charity that we will
choose once we once we finish this maybe
we'll do it for about a month or I don't
know
however long but I just want to raise
money I think I thought it was a good
thing to do within the month of
Thanksgiving but anyway again that link
to go there will be in the description
but I just keep saying that because I'll
push hard for charity it's it's a good
cause I did I do want to give you guys
some exclusive content on there so that
you're not just going there going on
there to go on there some of you guys
been asking what current guns do I have
so my most recent frames post gives you
guys my whole collection in a video we
go check it out Jake and I ended up
binge watching on Netflix again I could
tell you now it's we finished our our
show we were watching the arrow and for
those of you that haven't really given a
chance giving it a chance I suggest you
do there's a lot of hero shows that are
pretty cheesy but if you want a dark
like really dark one the arrow is
actually pretty decent I actually really
liked it so it was surprising but you
should give it a shot plus there's three
seasons of it on Netflix so it's a good
business show there's like 23 episodes
of season yeah anyway clearly I haven't
had that much stuff to do and I hate not
having a lot for you but sorry I went
back in the comments and seen like what
do you guys want and you know that
question I get a lot I get a lot of
Twitter I get a lot of I always tell you
guys I edit my vlogs on my iPad I don't
edit my drink videos or any other video
on it but because vlogs are filmed very
linear it's very easy platform to enlong
so I figured I would take this time to
show you guys how you can edit a vlog on
an iPad like I do because it's very easy
by the way this is not sponsored because
I'm about to show you the app I use so I
just want to disclose ahead of time that
they I've never been in contact with
them I've never talked to them I just
endorsed it because I like the app and
it's something that I use for every vlog
so regardless of whether especially
since the app is not free so I don't
ever want to promote something that
you're gonna have to buy or pay money
for so I'm just letting you know ahead
of time I'm not promoting this I'm just
telling you guys what it is I think I'm
that iPad it's like ten dollars and on
iphone it's like five which is 100%
worth it if you want to get into editing
your vlogs easier or in any video
because if not your editing software's
gonna cost you anywhere from a couple
hundred dollars up to a thousand dollars
unless you use something cheap but this
has every feature I could ever need for
a vlog so let me show you guys how to
use it in order to get my clips from my
camera to my iPad I went to the out
store and I bought myself an SD card
reader two lightning bolt cable two
lightning cable so this is like the
charging cable that connects to your
iPhone or iPad and that's if you have an
older iPad or sign that you can actually
get an adapter so that you can do it on
an altar one two but this is what I have
this device does not currently work on
an iPhone so if you did want to do it on
your iPhone you'd have to have a camera
that trans transfers to the clips like
through Wi-Fi or something and there's a
lot of point shoot cameras that do or
any camp with a lot of cameras that do
but this is what I use to connect it to
my bed before I begin editing today's
vlog on it these are all the clips from
yesterday's vlog along with that's my
ensure that I use for my blog so I know
that this clip just because I remember
it is the one that I want to use for
endcard today and I want to keep that
because that one has the end part I want
to use so I will select sorry they're
doing work on the roof that's what all
that noises but I will select everything
else that I do not need for this vlog I
want Dax I'm going to use it for the end
card and of course I'm not gonna delete
my intro and I will go ahead and delete
those videos now now that I have just
that I will import the vid the clips
that I'm going to use for today's vlog
once you have your clips imported then
you go ahead and go to the app and the
app is called pinnacle studio or
pinnacle Pro pinnacle Pro looks like
this that oh that is Pinnacle Pro so
let's go ahead and click on it notice
some of these titles are past vlogs I've
made so to make a new one I click the
new let's add one so let's call this one
I don't know how I added a blog on my
iPad or something along those lines now
that we have that in you just pushed
okay and it takes you into here so I'm
going to go to albums videos and here is
all the videos and it shows that that
one's already used cuz that's
yesterday's clip so I'll go to my intro
you guys obviously these mantras but I
just it's already completely all
selected I'll just drop that into the
timeline now for the next one you know
vlogs look pretty seamless but they're
not because I have to push record and
then aim it at myself so I let it play
and right before I say hey guys so let's
watch this let me bring it back sorry so
right before there I think I'm about to
say hey so I pushed the in button which
is that so I let it focus why isn't it
funny see there we go so I pushed that
in button so let's try it from there it
was a little off so I could actually
just touch that in part so right this is
where I wanted to us I put the end point
today so perfect I could actually just
go to the end cuz I know what I said
there bring it in a little so that I
could see where the end of the clip is
stop right there and I'll put the end
point there
now that the intro and end point are
marked I just push the drop down button
and it drops there if I want to clips to
change places I can literally click and
drag and racket drag it him in front of
whatever or in the middle but obviously
I want it pretty linear so let's go to
the end of the clip and I'm gonna go
ahead and cut together the clips I have
so far and then I will show you guys how
I finish it off now I put in all the
clips well most of them because I'm
still obviously blogging so these ones
will go in I can always stick them in as
I showed you can edit them put them in
and drag them into the Rick correct
order but for this I'm going to show you
how to do the end card that's a little
different so for this I'll go out of
videos and into camera roll because
that's where my end card is just a
picture now the reason I'm not showing
is I have pictures from other projects
I'm working on so I'm not gonna do that
let me just get back in here but now I
found my end card which is just a
picture and it's this so I'm going to go
ahead there's no in-and-out because it's
a picture but I'll drop it in as the
last thing it automatically makes that
size so let's go back to videos I pre
cut the clip from yesterday to be about
20 seconds just to get the point across
of what was yesterday's vlog so I since
it's already pre-cut to in card out card
I just tap and hold and bring drag that
down on top of this and let go and it's
gonna give me an option of what I want
to do and I'm gonna do picture and
picture which it says right there it
puts it right on top I'm gonna bring it
back down to the middle and literally
like you would resize anything move it
down to the right size I want drag it in
place perfect I have it now it's not
gonna play with any sound as you can see
there's no sound or anything and it's
only this long so I will go ahead this
is a little bit this is where you have
to do a little bit of a worker out I tap
it again because it's already picture
and picture on there
tap it and just use that same length
oops sorry just use that same length and
pull it down to the audio line and match
it up now the audio will be the correct
length so I go ahead and tap this
picture thing again and I can now drag
the length to however long the audio of
that clip is let me sorry it's hard to
do this and look so now that it's
perfectly matched up let's make sure it
is there it is so now it's pretty much
matched up on me I'll make it perfect
just so it does but anyway so now it'll
bring it to the same length as the audio
and I could render it or I can just
finish it off here and it'll do the
rendering with any upload now that I
perfectly match them up I could I just
click on this little question mark thing
I could just do all the settings later
but I like to do it for the full project
and because I shoot it automatically
defaults this 30 frames a second you
could do 24 you can reset to whatever
you want I do mine in 60 so I double tap
to put it in 60 lip bring it back up
then you push this little like arrow
square button thing and you could export
to your camera whatever I do it directly
to YouTube set in this private so you
could change things later if you want if
you notice it goes up as private 1080
best quality 60 frames you have all
stuff here I get rid of that tag I don't
upload it with any tags I do all that
separately on this server all I do is to
have it upload with the title and then
you literally push this and it begins
the render and the upload directly to
YouTube in private and you can go ahead
and put everything you need description
later on and set it to public I won't do
it now cuz I'm gonna add in these clips
but that's how I edit my vlog I kind of
hope it helps any of you guys that are
curious and doing it or curious how I do
so if it forward some of you I'm sorry
but a lot of people have been asking and
I thought it'd be something cool to
share with you guys so I'm not know
that's all I got for you for today I'm
going to go ahead and I put this up and
start a new vlog for tomorrow so I will
see you guys again soon goodbye
okay it's like unboxing your gun stuff
that's just manual stuff here it is woo
itself ten rounders I don't know why
it's cocked let's deep pocket it
actually has a decocker right here so if
it is talked
