hey guys today's a new day yeah I get to
go deuce I mean I went to the gym and
did all my a my stuff I need to do and
this morning spend time finishing the
vlog that was up yesterday cuz I was an
idiot and accidentally formatted the
card yesterday if you watch this as well
you would know exactly what I'm talking
about but we will not be formatting
today's SD card before I'm done because
that was pretty hellish but anyway got
some fun stuff for today I get to go
pick up here in California when you buy
any firearm you gotta wait 10 days so 10
days ago today I made a new purchase I'm
gonna go pick it up today and show you
guys what I got there was a lot of
people at the gun shop seriously there
for like two two and a half hours also
because I have another thing that's
another surprise coming for you guys
later on not not later on today later on
from the future soon future maybe like
10 days future but for now I I don't own
a 45 caliber now one two one two 45 and
I was debating a lot of people want a
1911 model and everything that 1911
models are great the thing is if you're
not gonna spend you know two grand on
one then you're gonna have to put some
work into it to make it super reliable
and just a great gun and they are it's a
super 1911 if you grab one you'll fall
in love with it but I wanted one just
straight out of the box you know I may
end up getting 1911 that in the near
future to add to the collection in the
future but for right now I got something
that I'd been wanting for a little while
here it is right here and you will see
what company - Sig Sauer
so let's open this bad boy up
okay it's like unboxing gun stuff that's
just manual stuff here it is woo itself
ten rounders I don't know why it's
Clarke let's decock it it actually has a
decocker right here so if it is cocked
let's do it you can release it the cool
thing about it though is some guns it's
really it's really scary to be copy guns
and knives and have the hammer fly
forwards this actually has like a
two-stage if you push it down see it
goes like a half and then I can lower it
slowly so that it's not super scary oh
it's actually it comes with a spear mad
cuz here's I didn't even know it had one
in why is he not coming out let's snug
so it comes with two here it is my sig
p220 45 ACP I like it and it has the
rails right here you can't see there we
go you know for any accessories whether
you put a light where your sight I need
that special stuff right now but can't
wait to take this out and try it out put
a few rounds through it the range
probably soon maybe this week or early
next depending on when I feel like going
but excited new purchase yeah I took off
the tags and everything so you guys
could actually just see what it looks
like so here it is probably better
lighting over here and light it's the
hopefully you can focus there six hour
and then on this side it should say yeah
p220 on the grips so it's cool I like it
nice little weapon it's a beaut since
it's Tuesday we Jake and I like to
partake in Taco Tuesday and we we found
this Mexican restaurant here in Santa
Monica called El Cholo last week and
their deals are great we I it was like
three of us eating dinners like that and
the dinner came out to $14 total and
that's with
all our food and we didn't finish our
food it was it was a good amount and it
was only $14 and we happened to sit I've
never sat at this table or anything like
that we I don't even know the place and
they sit us down this table and next
thing you know they bring us a whole
like nacho platter and I was like oh we
didn't order this and he's like oh
you're sitting at the nacho table so if
you guys ever come to Santa Monica and
you go to El Cholo ask for the nacho
table because it just so happens that
it's facing the kitchen so like you hear
everything that goes on the kitchen
which is not a big deal at all but
because of that they give you a free
they give you free powdered nachos too
as a compensation it's it says on the
table the National table so hopefully we
can get that table tonight cuz it's
great and we're gonna go grab so you
ready to eat you hungry yeah let's eat
let's eat it's good food hungry do you
need me to tame it talk you through it
okay you just thought I'm gonna go help
him real quick cuz there do you think
it'd be weird if I was riding around on
this bicycle around Santa Monica that's
a bike yes yes would you did you telling
me that you wouldn't ride around and
said I want to go with this
this is the elf yeah I don't know I
would write it omit it should have two
seats at that size there's just a lot to
like and stuff
yeah like you could maybe you could sit
on that ledge while I ride or you know
you ride and I'll sit on the ledge I
don't know looks like good option
we couldn't we had to park pretty far
from I'll tell us now we got to walk
there well we're gonna have to get some
Krispy Kreme before we get Krispy Kremes
right there it won't focus but that's
Krispy Kreme there we just got a lot
it's a lot of them around J column
just perfect yeah help do ba Kamali on
it too
it's actually really filling that's
really good
we decided to binge watch some more
stuff on Netflix I'm not going to tell
you exactly what we were watching
because sometimes when I tell you guys
what I'm watching on Netflix the haters
that have already seen it love to give
up the ending so I'm not gonna tell you
what show we're watching until we finish
it but it's a different one that we've
been watching and it's good so I'll
probably probably be finishing it
tomorrow that's the only reason why I'm
putting it off it's not like I'll tell
you guys in a few weeks tomorrow
I'll let you know exactly because we'll
probably be done with it by that I know
I know but you want to go to bed they
watched you sleep yesterday you want to
show them how you get back in that
position show them
he literally waits for me to like go in
bed I have to lift up the covers he
walks in a circle rolls on his side and
then rolls on his back and then I pick
up the covers back on me and he's like
happy now that he's in bed and I'm like
you happy that's what he's waiting for
he wants to go to sleep well I am NOT
okay I'm okay fine let's go to sleep
we're going to sleep now yeah time it's
time for bed I'm pretty tired
good morning I just woke up but I got an
email this morning and I didn't even
realize this but the frames app the one
I told you to follow me on I'm like wow
a lot of people aren't following me I
guess they don't want to don't have
money donated to charity because give me
25 cents very following game on frames
app but I realized you can't just get in
so I'm gonna put the link again for the
app down below and then just
scription and I'm also going to put a
special code
so the first 100 of you could at least
get in without any work until it's fully
released I think you have to I have
friends or do something I'm not sure
what it is but anyway with this code you
can click code at the top and get right
in so the code is just left me in Aleks
no spaces no capital nothing just let me
and Alex but I'll put that down the
description so you guys can check out
the app and check me out oh yeah
good morning Harvey alright hey buddy
I think you got a pee yeah come here
go where you going
that's not where you pee come here it's
pretty nice out
it's really bright though get up here
that's it that's it
that's all you're gonna be I really want
breakfast before I go to the gym but I
don't have anything anymore I don't have
any eggs left or any anything I have is
like protein bars but these are pretty
much like eating candy aren't there
there's no way you ever had protein
there's no way this is that good for you
but I want to get something inside me
before going to work out anyway I gotta
head out to the gym and start off a new
day so with that being said that's where
I got to leave you guys that's all I got
for you that's where we finished today
and that's how it's gonna end
yeah so I'm gonna go gym and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye yeah I just
woke up so good morning to me but the
one that's really that really never
wants to wake up that one that's
legitimately how he sleeps I sleep there
he gives me barely any room crawls in a
circle goes under the covers comes out
and just lays next to me are you ready
to wake up Harvey Harvey Harvey scared
come on fishy
