hey guys umm Ali you guys wouldn't
believe how I wouldn't believe
believably unbelievably pissed I am the
reason I'm pissed is because it is
currently like Anna 11pm and I was
filming one of my clips and I was like
ah that's crap and normally if I decide
not to put something in my vlog i'll
edit it later but I was like I'm just
gonna do lead off my camera stupidly I
didn't push delete on it I formatted the
card and for those who don't know what
that is it clears the whole thing that
means every clip I've done today is gone
I went on Twitter and I asked if there
were any suggestions for recovery
software for SD cards and I went through
three different software's all of them
took about did about 35 minutes cans all
coming up empty I think this camera just
does a pretty good job at formatting
which is unfortunate for me so I'm at a
loss and I don't know and I'm like I
don't know what to do at this point and
I really don't want to have no vlog
because today was pretty good not that
you want to hear that because it doesn't
here so i'll give you what I can but we
make mistakes and this one was a crappy
one if you remember a few vlogs back you
would know that I lost my keys in the
crack of doom and the crack of doom is
larger ring
ah that is the crack of doom I also have
one of those on my backside but I don't
stick keys in it so my keys fell down
through the crack of doom and the
elevator maintenance guy said he can
come on the first of December and at
first I was like okay I'll wait but now
I'm thinking I don't know wait to get my
keys in cuz i have one spare but i'm
missing keys like other things that i
need and like mailbox keys and stuff
it's just not good so i have brandon
bring me this light not like bring it
from home just bring it from my room you
liar but oh yeah there's my case anyway
so we're gonna plug it in here hold the
elevator door open aiming down all the
floors and I'm hoping that my handy
dandy fishing pole with massive like
shark hook can hook the keys if we could
see it if we could light it up enough to
see it I don't know we're gonna see this
is this is a test I don't think we'll
succeed in but it's worth a shot that's
really bright let's do it now okay so
let's let there be light whoa let's see
if we can zoom in down there may
hopefully get it hey don't let Harvey
get near this way I won't it won't focus
down there yeah shit you know we could
do I have a rifle scope we can use the
scope so that i can zoom in and see
what's down before we just making the
copies of your keys I don't how do you
make copies of the keys branded think go
get your keys exactly I'm grabbing my
rifle scope I have this 6 225 x 56
millimeter optic and hopefully that'll
help me see clearly through the elevator
all the way down to the bottom elevator
shaft and see exactly where the keys are
if they balanced and went somewhere else
than I have no
but if they're there how will see it
with this it wasn't down there even with
this with the scope and I looked it must
have bounced on one of the floors and
flew out unless I guess I'll have to
just wait until the first get my keys
cuz it sucks whatever I haven't once
well I just woke up so good morning to
me but the one that's really that really
never wants to wake up that one that's
legitimately how he sleeps I sleep there
he gives me barely any room crawls in a
circle goes under the covers comes out
and just lays next to me are you ready
to wake up Harvey Harvey Harvey I scared
him
come on Reggie come on wake up good boy
it's not usually that easy to wake him
up I want to do a Q&A my style which you
guys have seen before which is to answer
questions while i am going about what i
need to do to get ready because i have
to go to the gym soon and I need to get
ready for that I like to take a shower
actually before the gym and the and
after just because oh my alarm to wake
up let me turn that thing off I'm only
wearing underwear anyway I like to take
a shower before and after I just I don't
like to like part of my morning routine
is to take shower anyway besides that I
wanted to tell you guys about something
that you guys know that every so often I
do a branded video or sponsored video
and I got contacted by a company that
has a new app coming out literally today
and it's something that I thought was
pretty cool but what I what I wanted to
do with it was I'm not I don't want to
just like keep throwing these these
brands your way list there's something
that I love or something that you know
benefits you guys or me or somehow so I
talked to them and because this is the
month of November which is when
thanksgiving is for those of us in the
US and we should give things any time
for any one of the world but because of
this month i figured this is a good
opportunity for this brand deal to kind
of give back so this is a brand new app
called frames I think it's you can
actually get it by going to frames aapko
/ app I'll put that link in the
description so that you guys can
actually get it get the app but for
every follower I get on there um this is
what I'm gonna do for that for this
month for every follower i get i'm going
to give 25 cents to a charity of our
choosing if you guys have a favorite
charity or something you want to suggest
put it down below and just comment it
and maybe we'll give it to
and that's what I think it'd be cool to
like not only you know obviously you
guys have watched a ton of youtubers
everyone does sponsored content it's
part of what the income is in this
business but it's cool to have one that
we can actually use to give back you
don't have to give money all you have to
do is just make an account follow me and
we will give 25 sets for that i'll show
you guys what it is i have a bunch of
gun stuff there here i'll try to light
in here so we could use this okay let me
let me go in it's ten in the morning and
I'm it's not not super league at all
okay so frames by the way I'm not I have
got a follicle I'm not they're not
telling me to show you what to show you
what it looks like or anything like that
I'm just doing this because I think it's
cool so anyway so what you could do with
this is every day you can post up to a
minute of content either straight or in
clips and that clip the last seven days
that way everything on the on the app is
up to date with what's going on that
week and everyone's one's life so the
cool thing is is you guys can actually
follow me by scanning that QR code in
the app my name on is just Alex Mandel
no spaces in the way it works is I click
this oh whoops I went into my videos I
meant to click the camera at the bottom
so let's flip the camera there there's
us so let's start it and all I do is I
could tap to start tap to stop so this
is my first time using frames right now
and I just woke up that's why I'm not
really wearing clothes and you guys are
also on the vlog so make sure you check
this out follow me and for every
follower i get i will give 25 cents to a
charity of of whatever we choose tap it
and now i can click the back button to
review it anyway you guys seen it so go
next and that one gets it i can add a
title and share to facebook if i want
which i'm going to do right now so you
guys to be part of it remember just go
follow me in there and it's something
that we can do and something that will
help us give back
to the community so let's do it thousand
be asked how old were you when you lost
your virginity I was actually 16 years
old and the girl was 19 years old she
was in college and I had I was like
you're getting my license so I think
that actually when I was I molested it
was a 90 Newell college girl off in 16
Oh Curtis Mitchell asked how did you
break your back those you don't know I
broke my back it was actually at my 22nd
birthday I was quite intoxicated I was
standing on a Ledge and i started i
proceeded to pour Grey Goose over my
head while holding action beer in the
other hand like that I hit on a corner
and start spraying anyway I was
ridiculous but I started doing that then
i set it down and i ran towards the pool
I ran to the edge of the pool not it's
like up on a Ledge and I drove into the
pool into the deep end not the shallow
him and I lost the douve straight down
because like if you've ever done a
pencil dive and you go straight down you
hit the bottom that's what I did with my
head and I I hit my head at the bottom
here and it threw my head back I gosh I
took a chunk out of my nose gashed my
head and because of that that throwback
it compressed my friend my vertebrae my
spine and I got a compressed
fractured right between my shoulder
blades so it didn't feel good and I'm
lucky that I didn't get knocked out
because I probably wouldn't be here to
vlog today is not very many people saw
what I did they only saw when I came up
out of the water didn't know what just
hadn't happened and my face was covered
in blood so that's how I broke my back
being an idiot at my 22nd birthday party
I didn't even go to the hospital till
the next morning and then I proceeded to
continue with like three months of
physical therapy I'm prone to accidents
Josh whether eyelash does amp digital
still exists now F digital is my digital
media production company amp stands for
Alex Mandel productions I have so much
toothpaste in my mouth yes it still
exists all the business I do even for
this blog runs through that LLC runs
through my company not to me personally
what I do want to do with it is that
sorry guys I couldn't top of it um
whatever you want to do is ultimately is
for those you guys don't know I came
from TB I was a producer on TV as well
as an actor and what I would like to do
is take that skill at half on TV and I
am craving to produce more content and
produced shows but I don't want produce
TV shows I want to produce YouTube stuff
so not only my own content I am
beginning to work pretty hard in
developing new channels not for me i'm
not about to spread myself super thin
like you know you guys have seen me
create other channels i'm creating other
channels that i think would do well on
youtube and pretty much finding other
people other actors or other
personalities that can be the front of
the camera and how a successful channel
become let you know do well on youtube
and i just produce it on the back end
because i love it it's a hobby it's fun
it's a good business it's you know it
doesn't always
patient well but it's something i'd love
to do so part of what f digital is doing
is literally that's why Brandon's been
coming over a lot is we've been talking
about new channels that could
potentially be produced and who could be
on them someone is calling me but anyway
so that's what's that's what's happening
to that digital you guys will see me
work on those pretty soon Harry James
funny name as um do you ever get lonely
in your house alone yes all the time and
I don't mean that in a sad depressing
way but I don't have very many friends
that are around during the day which is
part of the reason you guys have kind of
seen a decline in daily vlogs and it's
not because I don't want to give you
daily that's all so i changed the end of
my blog from i'll see you guys again
tomorrow to i'll see you guys again soon
not because it wat to not because it's
something i feel like i have to do is
just it gets kind of lonely to do things
alone during the day so maybe i just
need to be more social make more friends
out here and start doing more fun stuff
because I start to feel like I'm just
you know being a recluse and being total
introvert at my house when at my
apartment and try new stuff here when I
really should be spending my days out
going having fun and doing things that
I'll have fun doing you'll have fun
watching so I will make an effort to do
that hopefully at a certain point we can
get back to me changing the end part 2
i'll see you guys again tomorrow because
that would be that's my ultimate goal
and that would be meaning i'm actually
going out and being social is that the
the moment i'm kind of a loner but
anyway that's where I'm going to end it
here I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I apologize about the whole
formatting the card thing because
whatever but looking forward things
happen but remember go check out the
link down in the description for
frameset follow me on there I'll give
you guys a bit new updates throughout
the week will do it for maybe a month or
more or continue I don't know we'll see
two brand new app so maybe I will fall
in love with it maybe you
so let's check that out and on that note
I will see you guys again soon maybe
even tomorrow goodbye I'm fine Alex yeah
see when you push up the top and then
I'm gonna hand you sticks that he got in
good he got in Alex yeah see so I'm
gonna hand you the sticks
