hey guys it's a new day today and I am
living in it
that was a really stupid intro I'm
keeping it because if I were to redo it
right now then it wouldn't be real and
I'm really stupid I'm key I'll just keep
digging just keep digging I'm digging
this hole really deep for myself how
about we just continue on with this vlog
have ourselves a good day like we always
do and forget about this whole intro how
about that can we do that it never
happened let's just continue yeah my
parents are in the other apartment now
and they said they got something for me
so I'm gonna go over there and check out
what they got I am excited just get in
just get in it'll be bigger when you get
in it and then Alex seriously we bought
this don't Alex yes see when you push up
the top and then I'm gonna hand you
sticks that he got in good he got it in
Alex yeah see so I'm gonna hand you the
sticks and then you can put the sticks
here there's the first one
and you got to put it from the base to
the top and this will be your own Alex
seriously just hold the top up it's the
last time I'm gonna buy you stop I'm to
one it set up Alex please this thick is
on the outside you got to put the stick
on the inside it hooks on to the top and
on the bottom Alex there was only one
left I knew you'd love this oh there's
only one more yeah
why because maybe I should spread this
out
you didn't spread it out oh it's ready
look put all the stuff in here and it
gets tied and Alex yeah is it nice yeah
no do you can't fit in hit Alex Alex is
it nice yeah so what do you say thanks
mom and dad Alex Mandel is at least I
just never fully do all my activities in
here princess Alex the princess Alex
yeah look who's here
yeah this is who it's as it is a better
for you do you want it Abby you can have
it if you want yeah what are you doing
inaudible Alex it was my tent Abby
you're stealing your uncle's tent just
like you stole it
she stole your dress the other day and
now she's stealing your tent
yeah next you're gonna be stealing his
lipstick
yeah my sister is the one that checks
the fan mailbox now cuz we share the
same box for fan mail and so she brought
me a letter I got
looks handwritten yeah hold on it's hard
to try to hand it says hey Alex my name
is Jamie also known as Belushi 87 on
YouTube I've been watching your blogs
for a while and I want to say you're
awesome keep up the good work and I
can't wait to see what you're working on
next from Jamie and she put her links
Thank You Jamie I'm going to actually
you put your Twitter I'm gonna tweet you
right now and thank you for the letter
so thanks for sending it I love reading
all these letters so you guys keep them
sending keep sending them and I'll keep
reading them on here and and I'd love to
hear from you it's it's I love to get
mail I typically only wear like Congress
but my height I have high tops and low
tops my little tops are all torn and
broken some by new ones but I've never
owned by high I've never owned all black
converse and I've wanted them because
the white ones get pretty dirty gotta
clean them so I think I'm gonna do these
all-black low tops so that when I wear
shorts I could put on
I don't like to wear high tops of shorts
I know some people do it's just not
something I'm into so I'm gonna get
these new ones I've been wearing my
Nikes but I'm a converse guy so I'm get
some new shoes I'm gonna make myself a
gourmet dinner tonight which means it
consists a vegetable soup
that's I'm just heating out of a can
because that's gourmet as frickin shit
you make gourmet what do you make I made
out of a container
yeah we heated it up ourselves because
we are self-sustaining self-sustained
men who take care of our needs food wise
and I know I that's why it's a food wise
but either way it's taken care of we did
it ourselves that's all we need to do I
told you guys a little while ago that my
sister and I pranked the hell out of my
parents and it was really funny and she
did not want to release it for a little
while but I know that she's releasing it
today for you guys tomorrow for me right
now
but you guys should definitely check out
the prank it's something her and I both
put together and did it on her parents I
didn't think it would get them and it
did it was hard to hard to prank them
but they totally bought it
you guys go check it out her channel is
youtube.com slash and life with Jackie
or you guys can just click go in my
description I put a link to directly
that I put a link directly to that prank
in my description so you guys can
definitely just go click on that and go
right to the video do that you guys
should support it subscribe to her
channel because her Channel good English
is not my first language at the moment
it's gibberish so I apologize for the
language barrier but definitely go click
on that link check out her video
subscribe to her channel she is she
makes great content she's more oh she's
like a mommy blogger she has her
her husband my brother-in-law and my
niece and so they do fun stuff every day
so go check it out check out the video
let me know what you guys think okay
guys well that's all I got for you for
today I hope you guys enjoyed Harvey you
ready to go to bed
time to sleep he wants to sleep too so
that's it
please go down check out the link in the
description so you guys can find the
prank that we did on my parents and on
that note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
we still need to vlog because then
you'll just disappear then you said you
always just disappeared just just it was
just like it in in my vlog and then and
then disappears I think I don't think I
give a lot of people and out this is
like your ounces kids Ahad my car okay
