hey guys it's a new day today and I'm in
bed oh look who's waking up - are you
waking up coming out of your covers
stretch stretch stretch stretch oh oh
back to sleep story of a lazy bulldog
anyway I woke up and thinking I want to
put a bet on this weekend's fight but I
was looking online I could place my bet
online I also tweeted out wouldn't it be
more proper if I place my bet in Vegas
I'm gonna call like Seth and Kyle who I
worked with see if maybe they want to
work maybe maybe we should just all go
to Vegas I don't know I'm gonna look at
flights this may turn into a failed vlog
if I can't find a flight or anyone that
wants to go but I feel like it would be
a cool thing just to like go for today
maybe even come back tonight I don't
know I've been looking up flights and I
think I found one it says it has six
open seats still available so I went
ahead go ahead and just send out text to
other people see if we could fill up
those six seats I'm also gonna see if my
sister wants to go
good morning I rode my bike here nice
yeah
yeah I have a question do you and Ken
want to go to Vegas today right now I
found a flight and we would have to
leave in like 20 minutes
okay ask him let me know okay things
seemed to be coming together turns out I
have friends that are willing to go to
Vegas Andrea oh and you haven't even
been in the vlog
did you just sniff your fingers good I'm
gonna watch the footage right now okay
we just got to the airport
it is 10:40 and the flight before it's
at 10:40 so we got a rush through
security we have eight minutes so they
closed the gate went through security
and we're one gate away we made it we
can't go to Starbucks anyway there's six
of us in our group we couldn't all fit
on this one plane cuz there's actually
eight of us now my sister and cam
couldn't fit on this flight we're flying
America and they're going Southwest but
we're all going the same place getting
at the same time let's go to Vegas okay
we actually made it and I was for a
while I was I wasn't sure if you're
gonna make it you they sell Starbucks
coffee on here you guys we made
it's a one-piece both of them are one
piece by the way you guys have never met
this is my friend and also neighbor
Gabby you'll see more of her hand she
has identical
we're here final edited filming I should
uh
look at look at this wiggly squiggly
round randomly while we were in the air
the captain came over loudspeaker and
said that they abruptly stopped all air
traffic to Vegas so we had to take that
weird left turn and then pass Vegas and
come back we went to a super like
turbulent part of the desert
over here mr. cam you made it is this
all right yeah okay okay oh we got a
limo
I'm out nada Kyle how's your first limo
experience sit and give the oldies
suites that are like a coffee you I
can't hear them over there isn't that
big
we're in Vegas we're going to the pool
this is nice
and we could use any of these or
anything I'm kidding
Oh
someone else just shown up but I think
you guys are gonna know who he is
magic Murray so if you have another
trick of course every time that we see
we have it that means you can have them
a new trick every time I see you I know
every time every jello that I'm okay
with that
Jeanette Gabby Gabby Gabby open the pack
really long blog guys the Brendan so I
guess I just bought some Tagle I'm
staying off the cigarette casino they
are actually used whenever they use a
dick cart in the casino yeah they
actually got a mark and when they put
them away they can't use them again so
they don't go back in to use those cards
alright so here we're gonna do all right
I'm gonna have you pick a card okay
they're all mixed up or normal yes yeah
jockeys here we're gonna do I'm gonna
have you pick a card and no man every
sign okay so I wanna cool yes there no
all right dr. Jeff here we go boys boys
three times and remember next area
you just watch doing I guess when you
talking very very simple straightforward
typical exactly one twice three times
right and we have a good card say stop
there we go right now keep the card
don't look at don't show me to the
camera showing everybody all right make
sure everyone sees it all right all
right
paint it take the pen wait don't call me
up the camera cuz he's gonna look now
keep it down
yeah man and sign your name on the car
quickly
I wanna see all right thank you that I
have the card you forget your chest
I'll keep it bent
card s yes yes sure
thank forget I know
you should just hear to use your alright
say stop what are gon stop her down
great here it is it's not a joker or
it's not a copyright Harry I don't know
how to cooperate
you know I can't sell friends
they're mixed up already so one scarab
we're not cutting away at all right so
once you stand over your finger just
watch okay nothing for your race that's
right he was drinking I'm gonna shoot
the card that you okay all right sure
enough how would you try and catch your
car into that
interviewer ma'am no of course that's
why it's even magically become the word
for you guys all ready here we go take
that ready here we go ready closed or
not it's a color right colors right
right all right
you drop it for a second no touching you
reach out your hands reach down your
pants
and even then no down your actual pants
every state of your pants do it I would
about YouTube magic Murray you'll find
his stuff well the pool was fun time to
go in head into the casino the time to
do we came here to do is place our bets
oh look who it is
hello did you ID place your sport bet on
the fight really we gotta we gotta place
our bets though let's do it I'll show
you how $0.10 you are a winner they told
me I can't bring my camera making this
sports area sports betting area so we're
about to walk into it now I have my
money I'm gonna go put my bed down to
give you guys the odds of I love your
vlogs
oh yeah to give us beyond the abetting
right now Floyd is favored obviously and
so Floyd right now his bedding line is -
550 meaning you have to bet five hundred
and fifty dollars in order to win $100
McGregor is plus 350 375 plus 350 375
375 yeah so that means if you bet $100
you'll win 375 dollars so it seems like
okay you should put money on McGregor
because you'll make no money but boy
he's gonna win and I know there's gonna
be fights in the comments from those
human from McGregor fans I am a Greg
event but in this fight
what's gonna be time to head back to LA
we got through security which there was
like no line I really like that right
now oh he's like one more good morning I
want more everyone left I'm officially
back home and tired there's a lot of
stress in the morning but it worked out
we got it done
we had fun I hope you guys enjoyed
watching but that's how I got for you
for today and I'll see you guys again
soon goodbye
