hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
gonna be heading out soon to go to my
car I'm not chiropractor I think I made
that same mistake in yesterday's vlog my
physical therapist I think I'm on my
last week of it my neck is feeling so
much better that hopefully this is the
last week fingers crossed and I mean I
still feel some pain in it but we're
good and then I have my my trainer
rescheduled our gym session to like 5:00
tonight so I got my physical therapy got
my trainer two things we're logs
multiplied seven to blog we'll have fun
we'll make sure we have herself a good
day so that so that we have a good day
yeah let's have a good day
obviously I don't think that he copied
me but listen to this song on watch when
it comes back you tell me you guys know
my hundred thousand subscriber app check
this this beat out the back of this in
the background of this song let's see
when it goes back to right now it's a
another part ready let's see
so anyway I'm not gonna play too long
because I don't want to copyright strike
but tell me that didn't sound like the
if you go to the hundred thousand
subscriber app you guys was I was just
the song came on I was like because in
the intro of the song it does that
without any without him singing over it
or anything and I'm like that's like the
same
I'm not saying anyone copy me at all I
just thought it was a funny coincidence
that it sounds so like but we're getting
really close to that two hundred fifty
thousand subscriber video rap video so I
already picked out the song I want to
use now I just got to write the rap try
to find out who I want in it what
youtubers would you like to see in it
and don't say there's certain youtubers
I can't put in it just for logistics
reasons like for example I know a lot of
you guys are gonna stay Roman I would
love to have Roman in the video but I
can't put Roman in the video because
he's in Ohio and I I think I'm gonna
have to shoot this video this week
because we're that close to 250,000 subs
so people that are local you know I'm
gonna try to I haven't even talked to
him yet but I'm gonna try to talk to
fousey to Vitaly just who in the area
would you like to see in the video that
I could potentially actually get because
there's a lot of people I can't actually
get so based on that that should narrow
things down a little who would you like
to see oh damn it ah I just went to the
gym but before I went to the gym I'll
show you guys right now how're you gonna
show them - I was I was rushing and I
tried to put my keys in my pocket and I
missed my pocket while I was standing
here can you guess where my whole
keychain of keys went all the way down
there don't hit me in the face elevator
all the way down there all the way to
the ground floor
ah this at the ground floor this side of
the elevator doesn't even open so I
can't even open it to try to like fish
it out with like a magnet
or something I don't even know I had to
call Jake has a key to get up here but I
had to call building management to come
over here because he's at work to come
let me up
so now until Jake comes home I can't
leave or else I can't come back up and I
need it to come back up so that I can
feed army how do you take care of him
and let him out everything and so I
don't know what to do they're gonna
they're gonna call they're trying to
elevate our company right now elevator
company that's like open the elevator
wall the elevators up or something and
go in there and fetch it I don't even
know this stuff of course it would
happen to me my keys my keys my key so
yeah that's a the whole times at the gym
I was like I don't know how I'm gonna
get back into my place I'm like stuck
yeah anyway so that's what I'm dealing
with right now trying to figure it out
Jake just texted me and said he's on his
way back wants to pick me up and go to
Korean barbecue but another Korean
barbecue place the one we used to go to
and tour it's the really good one so
we're probably gonna go do that so he's
coming here I gotta take a shower I'm
sweaty like a like a sweaty man my keys
before I get a bunch of questions saying
isn't aren't their stairs isn't there
another way I was in the elevator no I
live in the fortress in the sky you
literally need like multiple methods to
get into this apartment the door is
literally a steel door so there's no I'm
not even breaking it now and I know I
can't take the stairs up so I know what
you're thinking what about a fire there
are ways I can go down from here but
there are not ways I can go up to here
it just doesn't allow it so there was no
way once I didn't have my key to come up
here so kind of the guy who lived who
this must have been scared of entry or
something and he made this pretty much
fortress crazyy
but it keep it keeps me out because I'm
clumsy and drop my keys down the
elevator so for those of you that always
ask how do you get in how do you get in
there's a lot of different there's codes
and key and hard keys to get in it's
it's a tough place but it makes me feel
comfortable so just keeps me out
sometimes when I'm clumsy hi Jake
alright I don't know if are you on it
yeah yeah we're just getting to the
Korean barbecue place I know you guys
have asked in the past what this one is
a hat and the panels have asked what
this Korean barbecue place is what it's
called in Torrance I have no idea so I'm
just gonna show you just a screen Barbie
I'm just gonna show you the sign so you
see it and maybe someone who is Korean
can translate what it's oh it's called
GU bonk I think gum och I'm gonna I'm
butchering it I see it
here there we go oh no there there's the
name good luck good luck I still don't
know how to pronounce that and it's
written is like an English pronunciation
but anyway that's what it is
and I really like their meat hey no you
can say that you excited to see me
yeah hey I'm coming
oh you are you are a mess
you are mess you are mess good to see
you hi
alright reaching for me reach reach
hurry reach you got me you got me he's
such a funny dog okay guys what's all I
got for you for today my buddy Greg is
here now we're gonna probably do man's
stuff and that'll be a tomorrow's walk I
don't know so he actually just came over
for lunch but I'm gonna end it here I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching
let's have ourself a good week and I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye this is not my neck this is a
picture I got of a near-perfect neck so
you guys can see the curvature is
supposed to be like you know curved then
my and I'll put this next to it is right
behind it mine is curved is slightly the
opposite direction so this one's mine
that's you guys can see that in the same
position same type of x-ray mine went in
the opposite one which is not supposed
to be like that
