hey guys today is a new day of coal
stitches Brandon is on his way over
right now I don't know what we're gonna
do but we're gonna hang out and then a
little bit later I got to go to physical
therapy session I'm almost done with
those I think next week will hopefully
be my last week I have to do that my
neck is of course feeling much better
right now so happy about that and yeah
let's have ourself a good day like we
always do I just got back from the car
not chiropractor physical therapist and
feeling good Brent Brandon Brandon yeah
just now I'm here oh my gosh are you
hungry no not yet no wanted to look at
guns yeah let's go looking well they
don't let me bring my camera inside the
store but we're gonna go look at guns it
sucks that I can't pull out my camera we
wag we went and I always like I say I
hate telling you guys what I did if I
couldn't show it to you but as I say I
hate it I still did it so that's what we
did
I'm back now I wanted to show you guys I
I asked the doctor for my x-rays they
couldn't send it over digitally
apparently the x-rays are a specific
format that even I couldn't see on my
computer so they send me a disk of all
the x-rays and I got this new software
on my computer just a free addition so
that I could pull it up and show you
guys what happened to my neck so you
guys could visually see what happened so
this is not my neck this is a picture I
got of a near-perfect neck so you guys
can see the curvature is supposed to be
like you know curved then mine I'll put
this next to it is right behind it mine
is curved is slightly the opposite
direction
so this one's mine
that's you guys can see that in the same
position same type of x-ray mine went in
the opposite one when she's not supposed
to be like that so that's what
completely stiffened my neck make it
hurt still hurts to try to move it but I
wanted to give you guys insight because
I think this is really cool it's super
cool to be able to see this and I've
never had software on my computer that I
can play with x-rays and stuff so like I
can I have all my other x-ray so I have
like straight on to and then I can
darken and lighten let's and then let's
you see we could pull like different
ways play with x-ray I think it's fun
anyway how often you just get pictures
of of the inside of you I don't usually
that's that's an epic selfie and I just
found another one this see this I wasn't
smiling in the last one and this one
doesn't here there's my smiley one more
help me make it create balance eeee
that's my mouth anyway that's cool Abbi
hi hi hi say hi say hi that was like a
little wave and that's just rubbing her
face I honestly hate that I didn't have
a blog done cuz clearly this isn't long
enough to have to blog and you guys are
our time time soldiers where you just
are you get angry and you battle me if
it's not long enough anyway I'm just I'm
actually just finished editing it and
exporting it right now my dad and I shot
a prank call so I know that you guys
have asked for more and you guys loved
them so I figured I'd give you something
that you guys enjoy watching so this
one's definitely full of shit six inches
of food to be exact so go ahead and
check out the the prank call we did I'll
put a link to that in the description
below so you guys can see that so you
don't have to go out and look for it but
yeah let's continue on the day so that
we can make this vlog sexier and better
and bigger than longer and harder okay
guys well I do really want to start up
back up with fluid vlogs that make sense
I feel like this vlog didn't really make
sense because it was kind of a flippy
floppies split our splatters supposed to
be splashy
so now we'll make is other ones I don't
know I don't know what I'm saying I'm
trying to end this now so that I could
start a new vlog today get you guys will
have a good day yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed watching that's all I got for
you for today so on that note I will see
you guys again soon good night
Joe I have this Jill yeah hi Jill yeah
we entered your apartment and I have we
had to wear our bio suits with our
waterproof boots it's about six inches
of flooding into your apartment with
feces from the sewage so luckily the who
wasn't it was pretty thick so it didn't
break up too much or else it would have
saturated the walls a little bit more I
don't know
