hey guys it's a new day today and what
are we doing today you today you said
that you would pick hey you're not gonna
pick no okay he's not gonna pick but
whatever it is I'm sure it'll be good
times for lunch I ended up ordering some
Chinese cuisine and well at the end of
every Chinese cuisine meal comes a
fortune cookie the fortune we have is an
enjoyable vacation is awaiting you why
isn't it focusing focus focus there we
go
enjoyable vacation is awaiting you I
guess that means we're going on vacation
jinkx just getting back now and he's
gonna pick me up so we can go to dinner
so I'm just gonna go meet him outside
get the car we're gonna go a hungry
hungry time hungry tail hungry time
hippos hungry hungry hippos we we went
over into a new day it's a new day today
I didn't really do much last night to
vlog but I wanted to show you guys you
guys did something that I think is
absolutely amazing and hilarious and
high-five to you guys for this you
remember I totally got scammed with the
people who told me I was going to be
arrested so I told you guys to blow up
their number and just not stop bother
then one person commented that they
called over six hundred times well
ultimately I'll show you what happens
when I call the number now
it's a number that is not probably set
up to receive call please try again my
dear they completely disabled their
number you're going to scan the 18 while
the 18 will destroy you we destroyed
them you guys destroyed them thank you
so much for doing that they screwed with
me we blew it up we blow up their
numbers they no longer have the number
now I'm sure they're just gonna get
another number and keep scamming people
but hey we made a difference one number
at a time that number will not be
bothering anyone else so thank you guys
for that I showed you guys that Max and
I were filming a new video for his
channel a couple days ago few days ago
whatever it is and it's up on his
channel and I want you guys to go over
there just watch it because I I've
clicked on it I watched it I showed Jake
and everything we were laughing I think
it turned out to be a great video he did
really great with the editing and
everything and and I'm really happy with
the video I would put it on my channel
if I could but obviously it's his video
so you guys show him some love go over
there make sure there's the videos lies
you tell your bros featuring Alex Mandel
I will put the link down in the
description below so you guys can check
it out you guys can click in the
description to go over to that video
make sure you leave a comment like it
watch it share it with your friends cuz
max is a good friend of mine so I want
to support him and that's what we should
do we should support our friends and you
guys should as the a team we should do
that so go over there and check it out
it's already getting a little later in
the day and I've been doing some some
work actually for something else and
haven't blogged much so I think I'm
thinking of just connecting yesterday's
in today's you guys will probably be
wondering today where's the blog well
that's the reason was it yesterday let's
connect them because I also don't know
how much I have today because I have my
date later on and I haven't decided if I
I'm definitely not going to blog a lot I
don't know if I'm going to pull it out
at all and once you guys will see when
we get there but if I if I do that I
don't know I haven't decided if I want I
don't think I'm gonna think when I blog
on the date but I do that physical
therapy coming up in like half hour so I
gotta go do that and then I'll just come
back shower get ready and sit nervously
until I need to go okay
I'm excited finished up with physical
therapy neck is feeling good I mean as
good as it can be I can definitely move
it like fully so he said by the end of
next week I should be able to start
doing upper body workouts again in the
gym which is great because for some
reason I know this is gonna sound really
weird I have no idea why but for some
reason I've been craving constantly
craving to do pull-ups how weird is that
whoever craves to do pull-ups a lot of
people hate doing pull-ups and I for
some reason I'm craving it I think it's
because when I started working out I was
barely able to do one or two and now I
can do like when we do a workout we do
like 30 of them and so I it's one of the
things that I've accomplished and I
think that's why I crave it because I
can't do something that I accomplished
anyway besides that look who's here Hey
Hey visitin in Santa Monica
yeah she's you're giving me like my pre
day good luck
no no caping addicts for his day did
prepping me telling him what to say what
not to say what to do what do I say when
I get there and do I start with like
Hello
you just keep it chilled okay gonna
bathe up on your face my great thing
going to even do that I know and I'm
sure she's watching this too I'm not
gonna as you know cuz this is I didn't
I'm not gonna call her babe that's until
three I don't like any pet names I think
I agree like if a guy calls me Bay
- early on them like you baby I'm not
your baby on you know yeah like you
gotta side with like hey sexy no no oh
here's my name I was kind of named for a
reason
what if I gave you a number no I meant
like just like 343 just start numbering
all my bitches
I bet you got it boy three or guy three
guys seven
they're like number four what I don't
know no are you go yeah I'm not gonna
say anything I just want them to know
that it's not like I'm not like a game
you know it is cut even if there's no
you just want them to know that you're
sleeping with a ton of other guys
keeping oh just dating I'm a lady you
okay
that's like it's sleeping I didn't say
like screwing stick to like the 20 day
true I wouldn't twenty day she dates
twenty guys at one time
Oh was it 20 days before sleep with them
oh do you know what that is
intercourse II think what is your
quizzes it may have a man that had it in
a while but I know what it is not if I
do it enough myself she was what if I
fuck no this is now awkward put it dear
I bet ya cuz there are a few rolls don't
get the wrong way you could there's
three to choose from one of those three
will will suffice
well ah yeah anyway I'm going on a date
you guys are bed with me now I just woke
up uh I went on on my my date last night
and it went very well if I say so myself
I I think we're gonna go out again I
didn't vlog I left my vlog camera at
home clearly you guys didn't see it I
think that was a good I was a good movie
that's probably a better
um so maybe maybe I'll bring you guys
along on the second one we'll see I
don't know we'll see what I decided then
I'm not making any promises right now
but I know that I had a good time last
night
I think that she did or I hope that that
Brittany did but we'll see so anyways
guys that's all I got for you for today
I'm finishing this vlog while I'm in bed
cuz I don't feel like getting up yet and
I don't have to it's not like I'm an
adult I don't want to get out of it
anyways guys I'll see you guys again
soon
goodbye not only did she come in here is
she'd say hi you guys let me see don't
blow your for I just mean I'm in my
creepy little bit okay kinda a little
bit like Morgan who are you okay
