Max and I are filming a video for his
channel right now Oh Harvey you for
you're doing it he's trying to make
cameos Harvey like jumps across the
frame and everything and rainbow there's
a rainbow right there but it's not even
it didn't even rain bow but there's a
rainbow yeah
we pick oh look jigs um dude you're
getting so close now I'm really scared
I keep like blinking cuz I think he's
gonna poke my eye out with this took my
bags are you getting right near his nuts
Jake okay
he's like twitching I was about to have
no again love it
he can't roll over later
look ah there we go fat boy problems we
decided you not go on you now so that we
could go live and I found a this is
awkward now that I'm saying this right
now I'll explain why this is awkward I
found a girl on Instagram that I had a
crush on that was interested in everyone
go over to her Instagram and bomb it by
that I mean saying send messages and
everything I'm on right now and they did
and you and you know like I was hoping
for maybe a follow or a message instead
she started writing things that to me on
Instagram that were in the you now at
which means she's currently in here
right now you guys could write whatever
you want to write oh it's not even
focused its focus focus there we go
so there we go everyone's writing
vlogging blog blog okay so yeah anyway
I'm now asking
it's could've been a better situation
because I we said to her I was like okay
if you're really in here right one two
three and she wrote joke's on you
one two three and I was like oh no how
did you know I was doing that she said
because I'm smarter than most which is
very true and that that is a winner so
I've been trying to ask her now chose a
Britney what is the best way for me to
ask you to lunch her to drinks and I'll
ask it I'm here I will I'll write it to
you I'm not gonna I'm playing hard to
get so I didn't write any messages yet
she's gonna I hope that she'll tell me
how I should ask her out not only did
she come in here you say hi you guys let
me see don't believe what I just made
I'm in my creepy a little bit okay kinda
a little bit Morgan that was honestly
the best
it's trimmin Harry knew before
installing ever
she came on here we talked she was very
nice very funny she was real because we
were talking live and I'm getting drinks
with her on Wednesday so weird I didn't
even know it extended to be honest yeah
but yes I'm looking forward to Wednesday
Harvey you ready to go peepee come on
I wanted to sleep what everyone's God
now and I want Harvey to go up on the
roof to do his business so I could get
to sleep I am lit dard
I'm tired come on Harvey come on you're
lagging bud you first
um okay you want me to go oh my god it
would fall to God
good boy he's lazy
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching looks like I got myself a date
on Wednesday so that should be pretty
exciting and of course I'm gonna keep
you guys up to date on that and you guys
can come along because you guys always
come along and yeah so that's all I got
I'm Harvey keep it off the pillows
please really what are you doing all the
pillows that were you trying to sleep
you comfortable yawning it's whatever as
long as there's no one else in this bed
with me he takes the other side it's
fine it's okay anyways I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye here it is I saved it
we have received a legal case against
you and for that reason you will be
getting arrested either from your home
or from your workplace if you need any
further information you can reach me at
5,000 three one two two four six see you
in the courthouse yeah notice I didn't
believe out the phone number because I
honestly don't even care I so I got that
and I was like what the hell this sounds
like such a scam thinks I called the
phone number I talked to them
