hey guys I'll hit the wall really hard
it's a new day today it is and I am
currently in the same place that a lot
of you guys are I'm on the toilet I'm
not gonna I'm just showing this I'm
putting up the vlog that yesterday's
right now all I'm pooping and a good
breakfast so it's all coming out now not
that you guys care this is this is too
much information but don't lie to me I
know a lot of you guys watch this while
you guys are in the same position I'm in
right now just seated nicely in your
poopy throne yeah
so I what we're doing today we're gonna
have myself a good day and uh oh let's
let's see let's see what we got in store
I totally made a mistake it's Sunday and
I was like hey we're gonna go out we're
gonna have ourselves a day not just any
day good day I screw up because we now
have night and vlog if it's not because
I didn't vlog what I was doing although
I didn't but that's just because I was
spending the day Netflix and chilling
with this hunk of butt oh look at that
butt look at that butt yeah right Harvey
Harvey look at me look at me when I talk
to you but it was also with Jake hi
we Netflix and shield all day we will
eat time to eat
we we um I love them sorry we just
decided to Netflix and chill all day it
was Sunday and why not this was the
first day I wanted to go out so we
didn't I don't know where the hell Harv
is going this is ridiculous Harvey you
knocked my xbox controller down buddy
we had to nip take a little stuff out
here to get some Cheesecake Factory just
open instead of Monica 27 yeah but we
also we're getting dinner too but we did
get couple slices of cheesecake kiss
we are
we never eat some chili cheese cake yeah
Jake do you think we got enough um come
on hungry yeah I think we got enough
there's a salad in this one this one's
kind of tea this one's really full with
stuff and this one's cheesecake yeah I
had a very weird interesting morning
which is why this vlog is going up kind
of late and I'll explain it to you so I
got a call you know what I'm gonna let
you listen to the voicemail they left on
my phone check this out here it is I
saved it we have received a legal case
against you and for that reason you will
be getting arrested either from your
home or from your workplace if you need
any further information you can reach me
at 5,000 three one two two four six see
you in the courthouse yeah notice I
didn't leave out the phone number
because I honestly don't even care I so
I got that and I was like what the hell
this sounds like such a scam thinks I
called the phone number I talked to them
and they told me that I have three
federal charges against me and with the
IRS for some stupid reason and that the
IRS officers will be here to arrest me
and one of the crimes is a theft against
federal whatever is an unveil about
crime and will put me in jail for three
years in federal prison
what okay so I said so I was like this
has got to be a scam in my head or prank
so I said to them well because I want to
know if it was a scam so I was like
maybe I could just take care of any fees
or anything now do you need my credit
card number I wasn't actually going to
give it to them I just wanted to see if
they would try to take money from and
they said no we have all the information
we need you could talk to the officers
if you have any questions when they get
there and then they said we'll talk to
you later and they said then you should
call your attorney now and then I was
thinking wait so they're not trying to
scam me or anything so then is this
legitimate
called my parents and I was like I think
I'm getting arrested so I was running
around this morning trying to figure it
out and everything and eventually typed
in the phone number into Google and
they've been calling like I don't know
this these people have been called
there's like a hundred different reports
that this that they got a call from this
number saying the same thing and
whenever I call them it's just it's such
a and then turns out the IRS doesn't
even make those calls it's it's fake its
fake so I've been running around this
morning thinking I was going to get
arrested I totally fell for it would
have been a great prank that was
actually a prank but I think it's just
some sort of weird scam thing whatever
they call a ton of people so I have
called them a total of let me see just
to mess with them I keep saying weird
things to them I've called them in one
string of calls I called them 61 times
then 34 times then nine times a little
bit later and then 90 times I've been
caught I've called them a few hundred
times just and I keep saying different
things and messing with them and
everything and I thought it'd be funny
that's why I didn't bleep out the number
I think they should get a thousand more
calls for what they did to me from all
of us so in case you didn't hear the
number when it was said I just put the
number down below so there's the number
right there you guys can call and mess
with them as much as you want
apparently it's John and Stella but they
don't sound like a John and Stella
you'll see what I mean when you talk to
them and if they pick up it either says
that they're busy on the phone or
they're unavailable so that's why I call
so many times it was a whole big ordeal
I don't think I'm getting arrested and I
definitely have not avoided any taxes or
any payments I make sure I take care of
all that so I'm like this is bull but
yeah so that's what my morning consisted
of so I thought I was gonna get arrested
am I gonna get arrested I don't know
maybe it is real maybe the officers are
coming and I'm going to be arrested so
there's no vlog tomorrow I may have
gotten arrested or I just didn't block
but on that note that's all I got for
you guys for today so I will see you
guys again tomorrow good bye Abby are
you what are you typing in here one one
one okay let's
yes you love that here this place like
it ready Mikey plugged it back in I
plugged it in and destruction yeah one
more time one more time go for it
destruction
