hey guys it's a new day today and I just
gotta tell you it's the first day that
I'm not taking medication I'm not high
right now I am fine and I've been going
to physical therapy and that's the
reason I actually didn't fall out the
last two days was because I was just it
was just hard it was just I just needed
time to relax and i was high on the
medication and i was just not feeling it
but now i'm good with the physical
therapy i couldn't move my neck before i
can now turn my neck this way still
pretty sore but i could turn it almost
all the way this way and that's a lot of
great work that they've been doing for
me so I'm really happy and I mean I'm
not I'm not gonna be stuck now because I
can I am NOT on drugs I am NOT taking my
medication so that's good news cuz I
really was hoping to stop taking it sir
and on that note let's have yourself a
good day I don't know what we're gonna
do but we're gonna do stuff and it'll be
fun since it's been so long well at
least it feels like it's been so long
since I've seen you guys I'm actually I
don't want to wait until tomorrow when
you see this i'm going to go on you now
right now so i could talk to as many of
you that will be on it and if you guys
do ever want to chat me in on there
she's unicom / Alex Mandel and then you
could chat with me whenever I do that
I'm gonna go on right now I'm home alone
Jake is actually at like a rave thing
like it's called hard day of the dead
for Halloween I'm not really I don't
really want to do that plus i would
rather not like my neck is ok now but
I'd rather not like strain it like crazy
being at some sort of rave craziness but
I think my sister might be coming down
with abby i don't know i'm not sure but
we'll see what we're gonna do we're
gonna have myself fun day but i think
she said she just texted me and so that
she's going to head down here my family
just got here so I'm gonna get off of
you now now but everyone you could say
whatever you want to stay on the vlog
and then you'll be on it go go
Go Go say stuff there you go I'm gonna
leave it on for a little bit it does
like this big like scrub I see someone
says balls and alex is the best in the
same thing yeah anyway so that's I'm
getting off of you now and we're gonna
hang out for a Halloween yeah happy I
you what are you typing in here 111 ok
let's wonder you love that here this
place I get ready like he plugged it
back in I plugged it in and destruction
yeah one more time one more time go for
it destruction ah the good thing about
Jackie doing her blogs as well as she
gets fan mail as well we share the same
failed fan mail email dress how did not
email mailing address so she actually
gets to check it a lot more than I do so
she brought me a package from Tim Kali
from Virginia alexandria virginia VA is
virginia right dad dad VA is Virginia
from Virginia okay so let's let's open
this uh are you blogging me are you
let it go boy what cuz it's I'm heart
it's hard to open this with one hand but
I want to open up one hand here we go
all in it's my amazing journey as a
dance dad this is 0 this is his book tim
kali said it let me check it out
first-time author what is it like being
a day I've heard of Dance Moms cuz i
know they have the show what is it like
being a dance dead I'm gonna have to I'm
gonna have to be in sent me I also an
email with it i will definitely check it
out tip McCauley i'm gonna thanks for
sending it stuff thanks for sending me a
copy i just got back now from dinner my
sister family and everyone left so now
i'm back home alone mom holly and i got
a tweet from furious pete and he said
he's gonna be in LA in about three weeks
and wants to know if I wanted to a drink
video with him for my channel and I said
definitely so let me know in the
comments below if you guys are excited
about or that you want to see let me
know that you want to see a drink video
with furious Pete I'm a big fan of his I
love his youtube channel and I'm excited
for him to come down so that's something
that's that's really cool and I'm happy
he reached out because I wouldn't know
it's coming LA so we'll be doing a drink
video next few weeks more drink videos
will be made probably this coming week
now that I'm off meds and I can drink
and my neck is pretty good that's why
we've been really holding off as I just
wasn't feeling good and everything but
now Brandon's gonna come this week we're
gonna knock out a bunch of them and you
guys will see them very soon so I'll let
you guys know one more drink videos are
coming you guys have been asking and
they're coming very soon I was gonna
wait up for everyone to come home like I
mean jakin and other people and people
that were going to come by after they
were done but it's now ten after one in
the morning and I don't want to just
like wait up to say hi and
the bed because there's nothing we could
do at this point it's not like we can go
out to bars like that because it's gonna
be really late so I might as well just
go to bed now yeah well I've had a very
eventful Halloween I was being sarcastic
its morning time and Jake you're back
finally you just got home from from hard
right now I got home last I know he
didn't get back that late I just went to
sleep in early uh Harvey would not that
early i was like 10 after one point I
was kind of close to when we were really
I mean go back I just missed you by a
little bit long 30 well anyway today is
Sunday and we're volume again also it is
really nice out I don't know what we're
gonna do but you guys will see whatever
we do in tomorrow's vlog because I'm
gonna end it here so i will see you guys
again tomato or soon or whatever
tomorrow tomato goodbye we decided to go
see Marvin the Martian in the movie
eater oh did you push the wrong floor
yep oh and Lucas joining us as well
we're going to see the Martian with
who's in it matt damon matt d matt damon
doing i really like right there because
yeah so we're gonna head over the
theater now go check out movie
