hey guys it's a new day today I just
want to apologize off the bat for no
vlog yesterday I didn't eat enough food
yesterday apparently or something that's
what I'm assuming the medication made me
really nauseous all day and I literally
just had to like lay there I tried
playing video games for a while I was
planning on halo 5 and I was like maybe
I could stream this and then the game
started making me nauseous and then
everything so I was like I'm just gonna
relax today that was yesterday today I
made sure I already ate when I took my
medication feeling good so we'll have
another day fucking sorry guys i just
wanted to to let you guys know and it's
not necessarily me giving you an excuse
it's me just keeping you in the loop so
you guys know what's going on because
you guys sometimes I've just missed a
day not said anything and you guys are
like hey what the hell happens I figured
I'd let you guys know but today is also
at five o'clock would be the first
session for physical therapy I hope that
helps and I'll of course i'll let you
guys know what goes on there and how
that works i have to continue taking
medication someone commented yesterday
asking or telling me that I don't need
to keep saying I'm taking medication of
taking pills the reason why I'm saying
is I'm afraid of looking high or
slurring words and you guys not knowing
or someone who comes and watches a vlog
and hasn't watched previous days
thinking that I'm some sort of druggie
that's why I like to read I like to re i
lost my thought
I like to tell you guys more than once
and reminded each vlog that the reason
is medication for my next so that people
aren't just like wow he's clearly on
drugs this is some druggie we're
watching so just want to clear that up
but let's have ourself a good day while
I'm sitting here hanging relaxing I
figured I'd play a little halo 5 but I'm
also streaming it on here streaming
streaming vlogging with la gerstein yeah
yes so that's what we're doing right now
and I don't really know what what else
I'm gonna do the doctor called me and
said that the doctor had an emergency to
go to or something or to attend to side
or 210 to so my physical therapy
appointment got moved to tomorrow so I'm
going to end up doing that tomorrow look
who's home now though mr. Jake so did
you eat yet oh really hungry that's one
of my homies forbidden matter didn't
everyone ah he's been looking for
site-specific they don't order it on him
Oh order quick so it comes Harvey's
wants your bottle Jacques and I had just
got salade al fresco
oh yeah
yeah yeah I'm hungry we decided to go
see Marvin the Martian in the movie
eater uh-oh did you push the wrong floor
yep oh and Lucas joining us as well
we're going to see the Martian with who
isn't it Matt Damon Matt Damon Damon
doing I really like right there but that
was very funny yeah so we're gonna head
over to the theater now go check out
movie
everything
I definitely recommend seeing the
Martian if you guys have a chance it's
it there's a lot of moments to
definitely put you on edge of your seat
and it's it's worth watching do you guys
like it yeah it's good movie and the
stupid part is you guys just watched in
my last vlog that I was taking care of a
ticket that i got for expired tags on my
car we get back to Jake's car and would
you get your ticket board smart eyes
we're like twinsies Santa minus measure
in a parking structure park we're in the
movie and they decided to come do that
they're just looking to give people
tickets here mine was actually I got
pulled over for but that sucks that we
got it it's such a stupid ticket I mean
it's reason I understand why they give
it just just sex to get it sucks to get
any ticket what it's a stupid ticket
student waiting for love this enemies
that's a cash going to wear yeah he's
been waiting for his new tags from the
DMV for like a long time and they won't
give him an update on when it's gonna
come and until then he can get these
just gets tickets until that happens so
that's that's a shitty situation yeah
okay guys that's all I got for you for
today I hope you guys enjoyed remember
i'm just relaxing for the next few days
so I hope I'm not boring you guys too
much trying to give you as much as I
possibly can I know Harvey's Harvey
you're probably more entertaining than I
am now right buddy he's playing with his
toy maybe he's just better at self
entertaining himself right hey you
planted your toy he loves this to this
is favorite toy it's your favorite toy
buddy he can't get over that toy it's
made out of like real fire hose and
somehow I guess the way I was watching
the movie or something that kind of hurt
my back it just made it pretty source
I'm gonna lay down get to bed tomorrow I
hopefully unless I cancel again have my
physical therapy which if they cancel
tomorrow I'm just switching
to anyone but thanks for sticking around
you thank you to those who understand
and I love you guys for always
supporting that's all I got for you I
will see you guys again soon yeah
goodbye what we're doing is I have a
ticket here I gotta take it I wasn't
driving well I was but I wasn't driving
this is old I'm I'm like a last-minute
kind of guy like I wait till last minute
before I finish talking about your
ticket yeah before I finish my song i'm
driving this is why he's driving I know
what I'm saying guys I'm not like that
out of it I just lose train of thought
