hey guys it's a new day today and Harvey
is ready to rock and roll are you just
just say yes here I'll move my hand
seized there you go yes Harvey's ready
to rock and roll and so is Jacques
Jacques hey hey hi I am so out of it
today from my pain meds and must relax
in my neck is feeling okay but it's also
because I'm on medication um I'm really
hungry I want to you are we gonna eat
Jake yeah okay cream barbecue of course
I'm excited all you fans yes we move
every day wheat food every day sometimes
we can borrow your you have to deal with
it we're not going the same korean BBQ
place that i love because Jake's oh we
make because i was gonna say that Jake
is really mad at me and he doesn't want
me to go to the one I love I'm just
kidding we might go to that one I don't
know either way we're doing korean BBQ
if I'm I'm realizing I'm not even paying
attention to you a lot of times I'm
talking now because the medication I'll
just be thinking of other things and you
guys would go somewhere else so I
apologize about that uh yeah Jacques
lets me read some eats
I'm excited oh my blogging is
snapchatting
we would actually we just log in
snapchat
we finished our meat to finish putting
meat in our mouth and we are happy and I
took it I to run back home to put
another to take another pill and I did
and Jake's laughing because I was trying
to say there was like a Fuego female on
the next car and I said if I go fish or
some kind of them anyway what we're
doing is I have a ticket here I got a
ticket I wasn't driving well I was but I
wasn't driving this is old I'm I'm like
a last-minute kind of guy like I wait
till last minute before I finish talking
about your ticket before I finish my boy
I'm driving this is why he's driving I
know what I'm saying guys I'm not like
that out of it I just lose train of
thought I do things last minute so the
ticket is actually due tomorrow but I
can't drive to get it checked off it's a
fix it ticket because i had my
registration I just never put the new
tag on my I left the tags on my
registration I didn't put it on my car
so I have to get that checked off and
then I can just do like same-day
delivery so the courgettes and tomorrow
cuz I can't drive there tomorrow I can't
drive so we're into sheriff station down
to companies reported ahead whoa pls
4head to the sheriff station now sigh
gonna checked off ok ha here we are
sheriff
Wow
there boy checked off signed off by the
Sheriff's Department so it's all good to
go i'm going to try to do some same-day
delivery so that it can get the it's
sunday won't be delivered today but
don't make sure it gets delivered
tomorrow hello so I don't need to go
wait in a huge line at the courthouse
and he didn't charge me a fee to get
checked off normally the sheriff's
farming judges at2020 my bucks and he
was like Jake are you moaning oh we're
gonna I'm gonna check I'm gonna check
out more easily I'm gonna send us it now
in a previous vlog I've asked you guys
to send me some game ideas or some movie
or show ideas and Netflix so that I can
play them while I'm stuck at home not
doing much cuz I can't really drive
unless i have a friend to drive me not I
can't really I can't um I ended up
getting an email from Wooga which if you
guys don't know they make the game jelly
splash and they said well hey you could
play our game and we're going to be
making some special in-game step for
Halloween and I was like I already
played jelly splash I'm on like level 83
I believe but I was like yeah let's def
can we can we do side together can we
can I make a walk with you guys I'll i
really love your game and i would love
to share it so they did and that's great
because it gives me something great to
do while I'm here and something great I
could share with you guys and I think
you guys will enjoy too i'm using Jake's
phone since he actually hasn't played it
so i'm going to show you how to play it
on here so you could swipe 3 jellies
like that or you can even do diagonal
just great
once you can see a level you try to get
three stars which is great because that
means you're perfect and what better
than perfect if you connect a long line
of Jerry's let's get the first one check
this out you get one of these now
whenever I can either put it there so
when I go here and now knocks out the
whole row and that's a boost let's do
another long one so check this out now I
have two and i can combine them by doing
them in the same run for slimes you'll
get this gray area and you have to knock
them out in order to clear this fly
those are slime levels professor the
basics of jelly splash I'm on level 83
online so I'm actually pretty you far in
the game but you guys should definitely
try to play it and for halloween they're
gonna have special in-game Halloween
sales and characters and jellies and
cool stuff cinelli check it out but also
the one thing that I thought was really
cool that I said you guys have anything
I can actually like give my viewers and
to and it'll help promote you guys and
my viewers will like it and we get off
on so they actually if you go to the if
you go to woo goes like social media
stuff they have links to print out like
masks and stuff you don't need these but
you can print out masks and use them and
dress up like your favorite jelly and
then if you upload it to Instagram or
Twitter or Facebook and use hashtag
trick or jelly then you can win a brand
new iphone 6 with an exclusive jelly
splash Ellie's Halloween jelly splash
case which is cool so if you guys want a
chance to win a brand new iphone 6 is as
easy as dressing up like a jelly and
posting it using hashtag trick or jelly
so go ahead do that play the game let me
know what level you guys get to because
i'm on level 83 I'm not even lying I
love the game that's the only reason why
I agreed to to help them promote it and
to show you guys because it's something
I already love doing it's helping me
pass the time while I'm stuck at home so
check it out and let me know what you
guys think I put the links down in the
description below to the game for for
iphone and also for you can play it on
Facebook and different things like that
so check out the links in the
description and enjoy playing the game
because I do Jake said that since I've
been such a good boy all day he would
take me for ice cream is that right it's
true
tanta temper temper tantrum tsutsumi
year oh yeah it's a place pretty close
to me in santa monica beach or under the
mighty finger here I so don't stick in
it no no no nope butter pecan ice cream
and chocolate you could just check out
your own cookie and then your ice cream
over there exciting Thank You Jake for
taking me here we've eaten by up for me
just leave me your claim it's not good
boy thank you for watching now get
yourself an ice cream okay actually I
should pay for your sins he took me
around today okay I'm gonna play here
I'll pay for yours I'm gonna he's been
such a good boy of my favorite well
we're off to take more drugs the drugs
that make me better to drugs they feel
something's are my boy does that mean it
doesn't hurt my neck is getting so stiff
right now open drugs with one hand okay
says one that's coming out just now now
I have to take pain and muscle relaxants
I'll chop it can these be i can open
with one hand let's take this phillips I
have some water take it with yes okay I
never feel got my aunt and we're off to
see the Wizard my neck actually isn't
super bad going back or forward it's
more side to side or turning him and
when the drugs kick in the pain meds in
the muscle relaxants then I'm able to to
turn my head more and I always think
like oh it's getting better but then I
realized I just can't feel it because
it's making me hot so right now I kinda
its kind of wearing off so i have to
take more more of it and then it'll feel
better because of my neck is so stiff
right now but on that note i hope you
guys enjoyed watching the vlog today i'm
not going to draw it out any longer
because that's all i got for you for
today so hope you guys enjoyed watching
will have if you guys have any
suggestions on stuff you'd like to see
wall i'm stuck at home i will make do
with what we got here maybe make some
recipes maybe do something I can't drink
so I can't really show you to my drink
stuff or anything but um give me some
ideas and I'd love to do whatever you
guys want to see so let's not make this
a burden let's make this just a reason
to do some other stuff so I will see you
guys again soon you like got it on mine
how is what you have to say pretend like
you don't want here I'm not you're like
a squirrel you don't talk but you have a
lot to say because I put up the video of
his endoscopy I shook what
sweaters limite sweaters why are you so
good what did you think that you have
whether we you put it together yeah
