hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
gonna kind of let you guys in on what's
what's going on since yesterday if you
guys haven't already you should watch
the video I posted yesterday of my dad
high after his endoscopy as for me you
guys have known that my neck has been so
bad and when I did the slow-mo video
with Roman with the water balloons it
didn't cause me more pain or anything
that but tensing up locked up my neck
with a problem I already had and didn't
know about
I ended up going to the doctor to get
x-rays to check because my neck doesn't
even turn or anything and it's so
painful and with the x-rays you should
only be able to see bone not muscle so I
didn't know how much that would help but
what they did see was that I have such
bad muscle spasms in my neck
that your neck has a natural curvature
in it and I because the muscle spasms
completely reversed the curvature of my
neck so my neck the curvature in my neck
is the opposite way which is not good
and it's painful and I can feel the pain
all the way down in between my shoulder
blades so with that being said for the
next ten to fourteen days we can have
two two weeks I have to do physical
therapy and I have to consistently be on
pain medication and muscle relaxants if
I have pain it's not whether I can deal
with it or not if I have pain your body
will naturally tense up too and that
could cause more damage so they need me
to not feel pain and then the muscle
relaxants at the same time relax the
muscles that are in spasm
so a reason why I'm telling you is
because I will continue to vlog but I
cannot drive so I don't know where I'm
gonna go I'm like freaking out what the
hell do I blog for the next week and I
have two weeks and I'm gonna be pretty
high like I'm already I waited
it's pretty late in the day right now
it's like 4:30 or 5:00 because I was
pretty high early on in the day I was
like I'm gonna wait until right before
my next dose I actually have to take
more pain meds right now and so I'm it a
little bit pain because I wanted to talk
to you sanely first and not loopy and be
able to get my words out because the
side effect has been giving me is
slurring my words like crazy and losing
thought halfway through my sentence so
I'll be doing a lot more livestream
maybe you now maybe gaming on Twitch and
stuff like that while I'm here at home
and try to find other stuff I can do to
still to see there we go to still stay
entertaining
so until then bear with me it's what I
deal with I try to get the x-ray that
doesn't just send me it so I can show
you so hopefully I get my hands on that
maybe show you by tomorrow or something
like that but that's what I'm going
through right now I got to go take the
next dose of my pain medication and must
relaxants and then we'll continue on our
day after I picked up my dad from the
hospital are from those early hospitals
like clinic yesterday after his
endoscopy I filmed a clip in his car in
his Tesla because there's an updated
feature in the newer test lesson in his
model that has auto pilot we're live at
the car literally drives itself I know
it sounds crazy to have a self-driving
car but literally you don't touch this
doing wheel or the the pedals it'll stop
it'll turn it'll do everything so check
out this clip of me trying out the
autopilot in his Tesla so awesome when
could my son driving a this dangerous
that I'm not touching it
but I'm not touching to be down on the
pedals go ahead you talk yeah I'm not
touching the pedals or the steering
wheel the new Tesla's have autopilot so
it literally follows the lines or the
cars in the road watch there's a car in
front of us
I'm not gonna touch the brake watch
these cars coming up I'm not touching
the brake at all I'm not touching and it
turns corrected and stopped my foot in
his foot is not I'm not touching
anything I don't really trust it but
it's really cool it drives by itself
it's a it's a self-driving car you can
do it on the freeway on the roads or
anything and I'm like I keep wanting to
touch the steering wheel but I don't
touch the watch the cars are stopped
here they're gonna keep the foot away
this guy's gonna move so they'll go up
and watch the steering wheel supersize
yourself yeah and it's gonna go up and
follow the car I'm not touching anything
so weird it's driving here yeah well
it's make it's a little you know makes
me a little bit nervous just a little
bit but it's really cool
let me in
it's the future is here buddy Oh
watching this it's gonna stop I'm not
touching oh that's weird that's so weird
it's dinner time for dinner tell them
what you are - tag hi blogs sorry guys I
tried to show how the magic trick and I
knocked all of this stuff over we're
having family TV time
now I got it on my blog got mine I'm not
you're like a squirrel
you don't talk but you have a lot to say
because I put up the video none of the
women are fairly big starters not me it
was the drugs talking and I met you he
was just talking about how wonderful I
am and you said I was stunning like a
husband in a computer-generated person
or something yeah well anyway I'm
actually I'm coming I'm feeling that I'm
feeling okay now just its nearing the
end of my rods my drugs I have to take a
new you say in four minutes I'm supposed
to take more maybe
all videos thank you warning video save
me four minutes and then it's back on
more pills yes
nice makes a lot sweaters
