hey guys it's a new day today and yeah
what are you doing what are you have in
your mouth you have a towel in your
mouth
your towel in your mouth could you get
this down you can't have this you can't
have this
No No can I have five please please try
I'm trying to hold the camera hold the
towel and give him a high five that was
my fault I was missing his pot you were
doing well you did well I'm gonna put
the towel right here I think it's no
rejoin are you about to take that again
don't don't
heart ah you know I tell him so many
times and he just doesn't time listen to
me yeah sometimes dogs just have good
instincts about what they need to stay
away from what's good what's bad and I
always think that Harvey has really bad
instincts just because he's not really
scared of anything at all at least I
thought and then I was like I wonder if
for no reason at all because he likes to
bite on everything anything if he would
be afraid of my Glock 19 so I'm not
going to I'm not going to aim it at him
and it is a little I did a full safety
check on it just for those of you that
are wondering and I'm just gonna put it
near him and see how he reacts Harvey
he's legitimately scared of it it's so
weird the high density comes back look
I'm not holding it I'm not holding it I
just want to see if it's actually this
Harvey he's like does not like that so
weird but good instincts buddy good
instincts
if you ever see a guy with a gun you
need to run because I don't want you to
get hurt buddy okay let me except me
because I won't hurt you
he's actually scared I'm gonna I want to
put it away now - now I feel bad that
he's so scared don't be scared don't be
scared oh man don't be scared don't hurt
you
I won't hurt you buddy actually just
went to get some food some dinner 11:00
at a hill stone got some ribs and I
showed that place a few times I don't
want to keep showing it over it up again
what with Roman and people so we're back
now he's on the phone I think with
Brittany and he stuck in a cane saying
hello and I don't think this I don't
know how he's doing anyway we're gonna
go maybe get some dessert and then we we
brought up my light kit because we want
some more lighting to do some we want to
we want to keep playing with the slow-mo
and do funny things maybe thrill water
balloons you chose faces or do certain
things that we think will be will look
cool because I want to see what looks
like in slow-mo and I'm gonna share that
with you guys but I actually I'm moving
around a lot because I really have to
pee I didn't need to tell you that but I
do yeah
yeah you ready he's good this ala mode
and your pilots get a good pie
yeah good pie good good hey you only any
ice cream right now I'm trying to set up
the lighting now to do slow-mo because
you need it pretty bright and it's
obviously a little too dark in here
instead brought in one of my lights my
liked it this one's just the 300 it
should be pretty bright thought maybe it
down so it won't be direct lights up
pretty bright which should be pretty
good I don't know if I'll keep it on
this side that we're doing on this side
yeah but I think it's it'll be the
lighting should be good at least for
this one well setting up his camera now
so you'd do it got balloons and silly
string and whatever we're gonna use I
don't know but I'm like I get to balloon
him in the face he's gonna believe me in
the face what are you doing pull it
while you're pushing the button yes got
it so we have this balloon and I really
worried I have to get past this and I
don't know if it's gonna pop on us in
his face it's fast too so should we just
do it oh I told you to miss you just
break them down gonna break them all
right yeah
try not to put okay sorry
don't move then I can't do that don't do
that
enjoy this just keep it down I guess
it's your face it's now my turn so here
it is guys check this out
you ready yeah
if no one knew what we were shooting and
they just saw a tripod and light Amy in
the shower
I guess they wouldn't be surprised
because we were also took a bath my
tensing up though you guys know I've had
a bad back
oh my god I think I just ruined it I
think I just like backtracked four
months into my I don't know yeah I'm
gonna blame you if I connect is if you
guys in that that when he hit me and it
finally popped he got like a perfect
throat it literally made me right where
I need to do I know there was never like
and I have such a big target right in
the middle my face is big Jew nose but
yeah so when I'm doing the screw out
with the slope I hope you guys enjoyed
that I'm actually probably gonna end it
here cuz you're going to bed and I'm
going to bed and and he's dead you dead
Harvey you're dead yeah we do so many
videos in my bathroom well good night
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and let me know what other
things you'd like to see in slow mo
obviously this is not comparable to like
slow mo guys or anyone that does like
crazy super slow using like phantom
cameras but I can still make doing what
I got in here so if you have any ideas
for things you want to see let me know
in the comments below and I will make it
happen so on that note I will see you
guys again soon
goodbye Roman just popped one on his
camera but now I have this balloon setup
I want to do a little bit different so I
made this in my shooting knives vlog
where I was shooting knives out of this
shotgun you're shooting knives I have a
blog country knives and so I am hoping
to be able to shoot the knife into that
make it work so check this out
