hey guys it's a new day today and if you
notice yesterday I did a live stream on
YouTube rather than a vlog and I wanted
to try that see what was like maybe
potentially do alive once a week I don't
need to depends on what you guys like if
you guys like blogs better pre-done the
day before we could continue if you guys
if any of you guys were in that live
chat yesterday let me know if that's
something that you would like to do I
want to do whatever you guys want to do
whatever works for you whatever works
for you works for me and we'll make it
happen but we're gonna have myself a
good day i am telling you guys about
doing the live chat before I even do it
I'm about to go live right now I just
put on my thumbnail on to it I've never
done a live stream on youtube so I'm
excited to try this we will I will do
this and hopefully it turns out great
you could always look at the vlog
yesterday see how great it turned out I
mean it's it should be up there already
but we're gonna have myself a good day
today well I'm vlogging I don't know if
I'm vlog I'm on my vlog channel now and
I'm live and I'm doing this live and I
am I told them I told you this is weird
because I'm not on like you now I want
YouTube to this I'm streaming here so
here's my thing and then everyone's
writing here let me see oh hi there all
say hi I'm their blog blog blog yay yay
okay there's all your names i'm so happy
that you guys get to be seen in here i'm
keeping it longer because it's you guys
and you guys watch this I just someone
wrote to eat pussy okay
what happens when your life not even
editing that out because its lifetime
okay I don't know about this whole
livestream thing because I just did it
and I had an amazing time on it and I
love talking all that you guys but I
thought that all the viewership watching
the live carries over to the viewership
of the video like when it actually goes
live and people can watch the replay of
it that it would still show the view
count it resets back at zero and all of
the chat is not comments or anything
it's just gone so now and it doesn't
notify that now there's a new video up
it just puts it up so it's been up now
for like because I've been done with it
and it's been up 40 half hour now or
more and it's at a hundred and
sixty-nine views 62 that I know guys 169
views in a over a half hour only in 11
comments yeah I don't know I don't know
if I can if we can do that cuz I can't
have a video up there that has that I
don't know no I loved doing the live
stream it was the most successful live
stream I mean I've done like compared to
other networks because i use you too but
maybe we should keep the live streams
limited to you now so you guys can watch
it at unicom / alex Mendel and we'll
keep youtube for vlogs I think that's
that's probably a better idea I made a
little bit of a rush right now because
Roman is coming into town I told my pick
him up from the airport and i and i took
a shower i changed i put clothes on i
went down my car I got in my car and I
looked down as I was starting the car
and I was like oh my god I'm not wearing
pants I guess because boxer briefs kind
of feel like shorts or something like
that
look like don't worry that when boxer
briefs but I put these on and I don't
have any any pants on just underwear and
I'm i almost just went to pick up Roman
with no pants we're gonna have a
bottomless party anyway I got to throw
some pants on or shorts or something not
going to go ahead and pick them up right
now so I'm about to head out to the
airport to grab the mr. out would I just
got to the airport and Roman said he's
walking over now and that's good because
I pretty much just got here and I'm
wearing pant I wore shorts put my shorts
on so now I'm all set now rafer almond I
even cleared the seat for him so that he
has a place to sit
why why are you why are you Roman we're
here welcome here you've never been here
right I miss mom it seemed strange oh
yeah notes everything's new we got new
ladders and scaffolding I like a lot I
like what you do with boys yeah it's
great in the shop at use that for yes
I'm single when Harvey's tired yeah here
see you he's probably bigger even since
last time you seen here we go here we go
yo hunk of meat I will you remember me
huh what's he way now uh I like 60-65
this is my vice wow he was like so not
know I think he wants to hump you are
you gonna help just let it just let it
just let it happen flavus in arvin i'm
hungry queen look yo okay let's roll
okay I was definitely hungry but I think
Roman was hungrier yeah you finished
obvious however they were happy when I
got here now I'm like it we put me in a
food coma I didn't I didn't even touch
like I don't think all i did was
finished soon oh thank you good that's
all let's just check out this receipt
ok may have also had a salad that's why
it looks like i had a meeting I'm gonna
do this sugary sleepy okay I may have
had an oreo shake but that's just
because I'm celebrating Robinson dude
I'm so the leader a cup of coffee or I'd
syrup like a power sir amongst all nah
we both we both did that oh come on man
you Jim I've after gym in the morning
I'll feel good about myself no jacket
drink the tunnel I mean drink coffee and
eight maple syrup and it's like late at
night how you feelin I'm like crazy my
body's here hey buddy huh my mom's
telling me no but my bar is Cherokee
yeah we should put a heart
nice hard up back at my place now but
it's it's not really complete for you is
it ramen Oh God as he gets complete
round Oh Colin he's gonna help I think
hey he's just excited leaders Uday oh
he's heavy oh he's gonna attack you now
we actually have to go pick up a fan
surprise surprise because woke up a fan
for ya yeah I've been sleeping with fans
you've been sleeping with fans it's a
good feeling this is what I need oh
that's a 40-ounce flask yeah I could do
something like this it's for cool like
drink these are just stones I actually
have those Brandon got some for me
instead of putting ice to water down
your drink you put the stones in your
fridge I love it yeah moscow mule mug i
have the spheres cool they have a
drinking section Wahlberg's I was
showing Roman that on these vlog cameras
they can slow it down that they have 906
up to 900 60 frames a second to do super
slow mo it's like to turn on the sink
looks really cool and it automatically
drops it into 16 times slow mo which
drops into 60 frames a second but you
could technically to go down to like 30
frames a second and it'll still look
super slow I mean to still look super
smooth but you'll double up to 32 times
level so I actually want to try that
we're setting up lighting in your honor
should do water should we try something
else no no what we should do yeah drop
drop pieces
wow that would just shattered like that
oh I will try to figure out what to do
on here but I that is cool to think that
you can actually make it 32 times not 16
which I've done on here before if you've
seen like on Harvey's Instagram I
through Harvey onto the bed and did that
in the 16-time slo-mo so let's see what
it looks like in 32 needs so much you
need a lot of light because the faster
the frame rate it's not capturing when
the frame rates lower captures more
light as the faz it's faster it can't
capture as much light so it looks darker
so you have to have as much like light
as possible so we're going to try to
angle that light or do something to get
enough light Roman just popped one on
his camera but now I have this balloon
set up I want to do a little bit
different so i made this in my shooting
knives vlog where i was shooting knives
out of this shotgun you're shooting
knives have a blog country knives and so
i am hoping to be able to shoot the
knife into that make it work so check
this out
yeah I like your chicken leg not like
this chicken leg he off yeah yeah maybe
to witness that's off the chuckster he
knows what we're saying well how often
was that I was I was actually shocked
that cuz he plays around with these
cameras like crazy i was shocked that he
what he didn't know about the super slow
mo 90 60 frames no but now you're going
to be stuck playing with it just that my
kid has been asked me can we do slow
moans I don't have anything to this loan
there you go he's gonna be all because a
GoPro for example it does 240 frames
this is 960 frame is still full HD so
it's super cool hope you guys enjoyed
that I know that there's more there's
another balloon pop on his channel and
hopefully we'll be doing a lot more now
that he's excited about it let's do it
we're gonna do a lot more slow mo stuff
tomorrow so you guys see that and that
should get fun but anyway that's all I
got for you for today's I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon good this is really cold i'm
pretty sure i have a shrimp weenie and I
mean it's not it's not terrible and I
spent this kind of refreshing you kind
of like it when it's cold you want to
come in here next Brendan knowing ok you
walking in here no thats no good it's
pretty chill watching netflix dogs okay
turn it off
