hey Adrian Oh people are coming in hi hi
there we are hey Adrian and Danny and
his baby and the guys Gallo sisters yay
okay oh good we got people here you got
people here hello hello wow it's going
fast okay okay it still says I have zero
people watching but that's impossible
because I see all you guys writing to me
yeah when do you think you'll get
married gasps Kim ah you know I would
want to get married lunch soon I just
need to find like a lady who will marry
me whoop hey you guys wanna marry me
yeah how's my dad doing he's good I
don't know where he is I think he's at
home or somewhere whoa it says my stream
health is yellow is that bad it was
green before I don't know anyway what's
up oh my god it's going so fast when are
you gonna track down the partial thief
hopefully very soon um I don't know
because I don't want to say it on here
in case he happens to follow me now
because he had he knows my name I was
dumb enough to use my own name on the
decoy bag bitch because i use an actual
package like I didn't want to admit I
used a real label like I ordered
something and then I put a decoy in it
and hadn't feel it but valley knows my
name so he probably has seen the YouTube
video or at least knows what's going on
so he hasn't stolen anything which is
good it's good it's bad because I would
love to catch him but I I am yeah what
guilty pleasure do you have um I don't
know I don't really have guilty
pleasures I mean I do but I don't know I
have to keep like my streaming video up
I just put it's been gone at just cuz it
was I was so um it was in a different
place
yeah he's gonna mug me that he's
watching now how religious are you I'm
not very religious do you want kids I do
want kids I just need to do the option
of getting kids first in case you don't
know what I'm talking about talking
about the sex okay um where's who wears
secret sister she's at school she went
back to school for her doctorate cuz
she's she's smart whoa whoa whoa whoa
all these people are writing so much
stuff what's going on when in bed when
you started marching did you start as a
barback I did not I actually went to
bartending school and then I started
working at a restaurant my first job was
actually a restaurant in Malibu called
Paradise Cove and I got thrown straight
as bartender because it needed one I was
not a barback I didn't have to learn how
to bartend though because I went to
school for it so I did that and then did
that for a while and decided it was
taking up way too much my time site I I
then got hired by a catering company who
did events I did a vent bartending for
almost two years that way I only had to
work like weekends or nights and
different things for parties and if I
was busy I could say no so work better
than I ended up making my own bartending
company so that I could definitely work
my own time and if there was a party I
wanted to work like work out i can send
another bartender you know do you enjoy
shooting guns head favorite alcoholic
beverage why does that why does that get
blocked it keeps telling me that someone
who's writing what's my favorite
alcoholic beverage it says that they're
they're being blocked by saying that
that's good is it blocking alcohol that
I don't understand that that's good I
don't really have my favor I'm not sure
ha i love you guys this is so let me
blog you i'm going to vlog you guys are
going to be the chat on the on the vlog
for tomorrow yours are going to be in it
so get ready to talk about
why do you want to be fuck okay well I'm
vlogging no know if I'm flowing I'm on
my vlog channel now and I'm live and I'm
doing this live and I I told them I told
you this is weird because I'm not on
like you now I'm on YouTube doing this
I'm streaming here so here's my thing
and then everyone's writing here we see
oh hi they're all saying hi I'm their
blog blog blog yay yay okay there's all
of your names i'm so happy that you guys
get to be seen in here i'm keeping it
longer because it's you guys and you
guys watch this I just someone wrote eat
pussy ha why not even edited that out
its life then you guys go you guys were
on the block that's right well you're
technically on the blog right now when I
say your name um I'm trying to read it
I'm your dad dad put a lid on whoa you
guys are going fast okay you guys are on
the blog you got it you got it have you
ever been on TV yeah it was like a TV
actor for it since I was 15 before I
ever started YouTube let's make lunch
okay we're going to make lunch lunch
time oh where did I use this one so what
we're going to do is I want to make some
brats I want to make a brought this but
I want to grill it I have a grill pan to
you I don't Ibaka key because there's
not much Wi-Fi their side oh here this
it's lighting like handy-dandy grill pan
has like grilled stuff whatever but last
time I just tried to grill brats over
the stove it didn't really work because
the middle stay raw and someone told me
I should boil
the Brock first and then once it's
boiled and cooked on the inside oh my
god i'm not going to make these there
are flies inside about making those
let's figure out something else to make
for lunch whoa that was bad meat I'm not
gonna put bad meet my mouth Oh Darla
Massey okay we're not making brats we're
not doing that at all that's not what
we're doing here cuz that's not what we
do God that was gross sorry Harvey I
just scared the shit out of hard hard to
carry my cell what's the hi Brandon that
doesn't go there we say hi let's say
hello come here say hi Harvey whore he
was wanted to say hi I can't like I
can't call Roman cuz i think he is he
traveling I think he's traveling I think
he's in a plane right now I think Romans
in a plane yeah he's in a plane right
now and I know where he's going I could
tell you guys if you really want to know
I can tell you guys one no shit you
gotta say jealous tell us tell us and
then I'll and then I'll tell you a
little time hold on let me hey you guys
you guys do one huh yeah I'll see look
started to tell us now
okay he yeah yeah okay he's uh I
actually have to pick him up from the
airport mr. Atwood is going to be my
home couch for the next couple of day
he's got in here that's where he is I'm
not I can't call him because he's in the
plane coming here I gotta pick him up
later you guys will see you guys are now
going to be in the vlog with Roman
because he's he'll be on the blog that I
was doing cuz I gonna pick him up later
which will be up tomorrow yeah I need
much I couldn't make that because I had
rotten meat with flies in it oh dear
what do we get okay maybe we have stuff
over here I have pita chips that buff no
I'm so scared of making things in my
place because I ate the sandwich that I
need and it had maggots in it I don't
want nuggets I don't want anything ah
this is so difficult i was going to make
brats and stuff but now i'm not because
it was rotten um a dog grow your beard I
mean it's it's hairy Terry eggs I don't
have eggs i wish a good this is going
really fast it's really difficult korean
BBQ i would love korean BBQ right now
that's nice jack I just decided I keep
scaring he's like what would would you
what are you doing no it's whoo oh hey
we got here we have here's chocolates
appears oh there's nothing here
oh we found out that still good I'm so
bad at this whole food thing I mean
that's why you guys wonder why I always
eat out I have food but most of it's
gone bad it's not bad parties a year and
a half eat some balls oh I don't have
all
I have an avocado and I have tomato I'd
I can't make talk with it off with you
here
let's do that we're ranking water
boiling okay okay he didn't he's good
are these avocado spoken oh yeah he's
kind of it good okay
we're making up Kyle okay someone's
reading to me let's tilt this down okay
I could see you guys oh wait let's open
up a little so you're not just looking
at the pain of the Jew given that the
truthiness we're in basketball shorts
because it went to the gym how often do
you see me very fast ball short cuz
usually by this time I take a shower and
then I start blogging but I thought what
the hell what dangerous oh dear I don't
like you says qari TV thank you I like
you I like you shoot they take a mouse
yeah hi kitchen says Sebastian yeah I
let's show you oh we should do taco tues
am here no you're dope Jorge or George
let's go to korean BBQ down dome show my
nipples let's show nipples on here with
my hairy ass says ass chest hey let's
make this pocket boy it's good
that's good
there's like I don't think that's good
ah it's not good damn it I guess we're
not making guacamole what damn it it's
going the trash ah is this different
than you go yeah this is freaking
YouTube bro pretty of YouTube us it's
like cool what is something cool I could
do this it actually gives me the power
I'm not going to do this just this time
so don't worry I'm not going to keep
doing this but what if look at this if I
click it gives me the power to I can't
do that actually it doesn't let me do it
yeah it was like if you would like to
play an ad play it I'm like could I can
I can play add something here I wasn't
going to do it uh this tomatoes so good
at saving has but I'm not having rough
avocados
what to do that
ok we have emergency stash an emergency
it's for emergencies here we go burton
tea cup of noodles because that's when
you don't have other food you have
emergency food i was going to make like
actual lunch ah damn i should go food
shopping let's do a food shopping blog i
wish i had Wi-Fi so that we could do
that i should eat pussy instead i would
love to bring me some on a platter pop
puts you on a platter would right are
you stoned no Bobby I'm not stoned I
just came back from the gym we get
stoned after the gym a lot of people but
I don't even smell and I'm not lying to
you i don't do i have any problem with
with marijuana no Brandon's column red
it's called it hey Brandon I live right
now do you want to say hi no on YouTube
oh yeah hi no you can go live on YouTube
it's the first time I've ever doing it
they're saying hi Brandon oh the other
riding hood well they don't ask how are
you because you can't see their answer
someone said fu bandhan okay the answer
is yes burnham and i'm wearing
basketball shorts I'm not naked so not
right now not all sending pictures later
okay okay by me sucka pues look what do
you even talk about okay let's put
hotline all right which is why I oh I'm
very bad at Camilla hey you're not
supposed to put I thought you guys right
now you're not supposed to put a cup of
noodles in the microwave and I could
show you exactly why boiling water off
the cap I'm making cup of noodles
because everything I own is freaking
brought uh I took out I took it I was
going to make brats and stuff and then I
opened the package and it was in there
was flies and stuff I think the kind of
fries that end up leaving maggots once
they lay their freaking eggs freaking
maggots so now i'm just making cup of
noodles i'll show you guys why it's
really bad to microwave a cup of noodles
but I'm gonna do it I got hello me one
second let's put this in
so the reason why it's bad I close it so
wouldn't be loud the reason why it's bad
to microwave cup of noodles is because
you could superheat the water and the
styrofoam is not meant to be superheated
did you know you can heat water past the
boiling point in a microwave you know
how I found that out look at this look
at this I'm going to show you how I
found that out because I had to wear a
burn sleeve for a year yeah ha ha yeah
right during my graduation from high
school I was wearing a Burton sleeve
from cup of noodles cup of new news ok
Edward Byrne sleeve I got really badly
burned I was at my parents house and I
was making cup of noodles and you're not
supposed to you're not supposed to put
it in my way but I did it their
microwaves up high so I was putting it
up here and it I thought I put it in for
30 seconds but I put it in for 30
minutes by accident and I went poop and
I took a really long and when I was done
pooping I came back and I was like oh my
god it's still going and I oh my god so
I opened it and started from doesn't get
hot so I was like I could still take it
out but what it does do is as soon as I
touched the styrofoam the structure of
the styrofoam collapsed and it dumped
that water down my arm and I was like oh
shit and then my mom goes what she's
sitting watching TV on her burned myself
she goes run it under cold water and I
look at my arm and my skin was hanging
and I was like I think I've heard her
really bad and I showed her she was like
oh haha so she went all crazy mom on me
would like you over Goldwater order
Goldwater which by the way you're not
supposed to put bird we found out under
cold waters was full of lukewarm water
but anyway we would under cold water and
then she took me the hospital because
they said it's really dangerous and we
went to I'm getting texted by Roman one
second
I'm apologizing to him he said bro like
I was telling everyone that I was coming
because I guess he keeps his secret i'm
i'm such a fatty anyway sorry Oh take me
to the hospital because my arm is
burning my arm is burning and i go there
and i'm in the waiting room and there's
like people in the waiting room for the
hospital emergency room and if you ever
been in the hospital emergency room you
know that most the time you go to the
hospital and you go to the emergency
room they don't care that it's an
emergency and you wait for an hour in
the waiting room will guess what I
didn't realize how dangerous burns word
so they looked at it they were like
right now I was like what there's people
they go no you need to come in right now
apparently if you burn yourself really
bad you are susceptible to like terrible
infection right away so they brought me
in and they gave me painkillers not down
here not in where there any painkillers
in my shoulder and then if you ever seen
a movie when they take like a needle
they do that they have to do that
because it goes into your muscle so this
little nurse comes up in a boom and I'm
good she goes I know it's painful right
I'm like that's painful you just stabbed
me in the arm so she stabbed me here
with the painkiller and first one she
said was gonna be a really strong
painkiller but it was gonna make me
nauseous so she gave me another one to
counter the nausea anyway then this is
all from from double noodles so I'm
sitting there with my burn they laid me
down and the doctor says we need to cut
off all the dead skin so that it's not
does it go back but he cuts off that
skin I don't feel that because it's
there then he says the next thing I have
to do is I need I need you to squeeze
inside of the bed because this is going
to be really painful and I said well
what are you gonna do because it's going
to be really painful I need you to hold
on you said I need to take the forceps
and I need to peel up a few millimeters
of your skin that's still alive and cut
into that cut around the perimeter that
to make sure I
all the dead skin and he said because
it's living you will feel all what you
have to cut my live skin and let me tell
you from all the pain medication I
didn't care because I was high as a kite
but it was painful as tricking hell so
they cleaned that and then they made it
they made it better now like I'm after
wearing the burn sleeve but the
Bernstein action doesn't has a fix it
has fake skin the inside the burn sleeve
and the fake skate tricks your body into
thinking that it's healed and scar
tissue when you get hurt scar tissue is
a buildup of extra tissue to protect the
area that's damaged if your body thinks
it's already healed it will just grow
back regular skin the guy who invented
it is the one who gave you that sleep
it'll just grow back regular skin not
trying to overcompensate because it
thinks it's already healed tricks your
body so as you can see here i'll try to
show you i don't know how good it so you
can see right here this whole area here
I don't know how well you can see that
anyway you can see the Holborn still
it's about this long and all of my pores
melted shut all of my pores melted shut
and then after about a week or so this
is what it looked like it's not terrible
but that's the burn on my arm after
about a week or so so you guys can see
it and that's all from cup of noodles so
that whole spiel is don't microwave your
cup of noodles I just showed you
pictures
but on that note let me go get my cup of
noodles from the mike
ok
oh la jolla
yeah Oh texted me robó okay I can't be
really tough a little too much I was
prepping good stuff try them throughout
me do you do drugs I do not be good but
a lot of people think i do drugs mother
I'll call you back a lot of people think
i do drugs because they see my pupils
get huge towards the end of my blog not
just because i've always had that when I
was young my my friends my parents used
to call me owl but as I got older when I
was of the age where people might be
doing drugs it became wow look at how
dial in his people's on you must be high
as a kite so it just came with age but
I've always had the eye thing of my
peoples just being the size of my friend
or my rent I don't know that just if
they become huge during the day they're
fine like right now they're not big but
towards when I start to get tired maybe
it's the muscle that relaxes it just
gets really thick I love you guys to
play guitar have an omni i'm eating
noodles cup of new new
it's not happy stop lying I would tell
you guys if I smoke weed out but I don't
I'm not problem with that this is
YouTube this is he or two it's not like
everyone else doesn't smoke weed I just
thought I did in high school oh all you
back say titty sprinkles John don't want
me to say to sprinkle where's the block
block on YouTube right now I just
decided to do here woman's texted me
good
what's the purpose of the second
apartment my parents wanted it please
say my name please Marco I always read
Marco in that disappeared do you play an
instrument yeah I play drums and guitar
I play drums for about 15 years and
guitar for about seven answer your
mother hmm she bite you made I can't I
can't hear you I mean like not I can I
could read it was going too fast say hi
Calvin hi Calvin let me say you guys
names right now I read a funny name is
possible then chaos gaming late to time
Miller spoon oh my god it's going really
fast Alec Oh Christian d which ah Kevin
D Ethan Ian fiddle yeah ready oh my god
this is not even working guys I can't
even do that calling from okay this is
hello hi I'm live right now what's one
I don't know which one I don't know when
I got nothing oh the motivation Monday
yeah
okay okay
will hold on hold on hold on I want let
me put you on speaker phone okay it's my
dad guys you guys could say hello hello
everybody analogy bad and that's not the
reason I'm telling everybody to check
out in motivation Monday he's telling
you guys to go to my Instagram it's just
at Alex Mandel to look at my most recent
picture which was motivation Monday
yesterday but this year thought now hi
now you can share it now you only sudden
that now okay well some all yeah just
share it now okay funny okay and
everybody not telling everybody you're
there oh my they're listening okay bye
my dad always supports everything I do
so ever every time you see he was
calling to be like how come you didn't
tell me you poked another picture on
Instagram I was like because I posted on
my Instagram he's like but i want to
share all your stuff did you post okay
you could do that you could share it now
so he's just married he always wants do
to support what I do which is great
I'm getting touched up the ash everyone
decides it I get no text all throughout
the day no one wants to talk to me until
I am live and then everyone thought to
what did Roman said we were just talking
about what time have any money alex is a
douche bag thank you thank you you got
you gotta love lamb family thank you
where's your girlfriend I don't have
better yet I just meant you yeah why did
he call unknown because his numbers
block even if I have his number saved in
my phone comes up as and then we have a
winner fly the RC helicopter
oh let's see my name is charged oh
oh you're back
let's see if I can while I ready oh not
a good idea okay
it
Wow it doesn't really have to put flip
right hat guys you can run that matter
brandon macbook pro and i'm hitting it
with a helicopter books yeah stick it in
your butt thank you Scott oh I figured
I'll eat down there so it's not as nasty
today are you still trying to lose
weight clearly not I'm meeting top of
new news but I would like to I was
hoping just to eat some sassages today
but instead of doing that I mean in
company rose is everything I own is
frickin Rock please say my name
scooby-dooby hello you guys want to see
here look up all Oh liquor for days
liquor for days mine it no you're
amazing it's liquid I can't read your
name so hard read powers to say my name
yo wud up rock rock it's the bomb we
can't insta bomb on here because we will
actually blow up their Instagram we
won't just like throw a little
firecracker we do it on here we will
blow that shit up so those don't know
what we're talking about what I usually
do on you now when I go in unicomm /
Alex Mandel be one happy there you can
that's where usually go live but if you
want to add me there what we do on there
is I we all look for good looking girls
that live in LA that are of age that are
single on Instagram and when we find
someone worthy then we all go over to
their Instagram and we blow that shit up
we braid them with comments because I
turn into creepy Alex man and send it
army ret most guys say like
hey can I take you to lunch and I'm like
no everyone go over there just tell her
she should date me which is kind of the
high school or middle school mentality
in a bigger scale can you go tell who I
like can you go tell her I'm a good guy
you go tell her we should go to how we
should go out and we do that and the
thing is it has worked it has worked
because I've gone on dates and yeah on
if we did it I'm here though why are you
in someone just asked why your pupil so
big why'd you come to the live so late I
can't explain it over and over and over
again um what's the most difficult thing
you've ever done I don't know log
blogging is surprisingly much more
difficult than you guys would expect
even like I think what makes it so
difficult is that I'm so no I don't like
I don't have too many friends I don't
have a girlfriend I'm not I don't live
with my family so I mean realistically
like I remember getting a text from
roman he's like because Brittany and the
kids were out and everyone's gone he was
home alone and he had to spend the day
alone and you texted me he was like wow
I have no idea what to blog alone how do
you do this every day and I'm like I
don't know sometimes I have a big
problem with it because it's really hard
to do something fun and interesting
alone unless is this I don't have a
girlfriend any of you guys interested
iJustine that she's just a friend of
Mike what oh he suggests aren't you
after I see although I think she's
secretly has a boyfriend I'm only saying
that because I don't know for sure if I
knew for sure and it was a secret I
wouldn't say it but I'm speculated only
because I see the same guy something
different pictures
what apt to use to edit well I edit my
blogs on pinnacle studio on my iPad but
I ended everything else like my drinks
and stuff like that I switched over to
premiere I used to use abid i use avid
but Ramirez such a quicker workflow that
I use that no nadeshot is with her
sister Jenna visit where we go okay why
did you stop the old mustache thing well
I had to cut it for something I was
filming but um I just decided that I
liked I like to pick out it do I know
optic nadeshot I don't know nadeshot
personally but we've talked on Twitter
he follows me and I follow him on
Twitter we Twitter know each other we're
Twitter pointed Twitter quainted social
acquaintance yes stream on twitch again
I am going to start streaming on twitch
again definitely well yesterday I was
tied posts on Twitter on my Twitter at
Alex Mallin Casey look at me plug in
myself just it's my own camera i
deployed myself i'm watching but I was
signing on Twitter and I was asking
people do you think I should stream
games on YouTube gaming or on twitch a
lot of people said twitch and a lot of
people said YouTube gaming I don't know
my home is YouTube some kind of just
hanging out at a hotel / twitch but you
know what sometimes it's nice to stay at
a hotel so it really depends on what you
guys want i do it for you guys and
because i did enjoy but i enjoy whatever
you guys enjoy because together we're
doing this together yeah are you coming
to montreal proper soon hopefully we'll
see flab of italian you should do that
he was just texting me earlier but I was
busy i was at the gym why don't I visit
nadeshot vagina I don't we're not like
friends friends like I wouldn't be like
hey let's go hang out your friend stuff
but we talked over to Twitter with
twitter friends that's like all my
friends are
elevator I am 26 I just turned 26 under
September did you see what happened a
fatality you know I do not see their
mean well I mean that's all I got to
really read the second I'm trying to
leave I wish I could leave this why
can't it go slower can I slow this down
oh is this even it is live streaming
monetized not that I care I really go
I'm just wondering like did you guys
have to watch an ad before coming in
here I don't think you did right and you
just come in because it's asking me if I
want to put an ad and I don't Oh
a lot of people are saying most people's
I know everyone saved that one person
said yes so he's on a porn site that put
up a pop-up and he thinks it's an ad for
this that's what happened I'm happy you
guys did have to say that I don't think
lobstermen doesn't need to be mad at
Tyson you are no more friends with Sam
pepper we're still friendly he actually
does texted me yesterday because he
what's a call we saw that my picture of
the netflix and chill picture from my
instagram some girl i think took the
picture off my instagram posted it to I
funny and I got feature got like 100 and
something thousand likes yesterday I
mean I wish I posted it I funny and not
someone else but i'm happy to got the
exposure when did you lose your
virginity I was 16 and the girl was 19
college group I'm still friends with her
but she's been in the vlog but you guys
wouldn't guess I think she's only been
in my two blondes
I look like the pillsbury dough boy
thank you you fat what's your opinion on
girls I like them you know I like them
what happens if I didn't catch why are
you see sex I don't know i got wanted
that sometimes I'm like sometimes I'm
I'm on the toilet i'm booping I and I'm
like being sexy Moses I can you remove
your pants they're off there's no point
doing that they went off sing to us I
don't I don't know I look like an oompa
loompa Elvis oh my god oh my god oh my
god aster boot guy i am at pasta for
sugar see my god it goes so fast have
you ever smoked weed yes nicely you and
Sammy should think we did ah ha ah this
is so difficult climbing to the food
package Steve I don't know hopefully
we'll catch him soon see my man ok it's
um I can't see it this is so difficult
make a hair tutorial it's really nothing
special I just do it along to the side
and then the front I do a little bit
back so i put a cross direction but even
those commits
is that we at softly that's odd
um hi hi everyone seunghye I'd be the
width
what type girls do you like the cam with
the jack uh um uh I can't see who you
want to collab with you know I would
love more no to collab with is I would
love to be in a Devin Supertramp baby yo
I told him that at VidCon he was like
yeah you're welcome to come anytime you
want he goes I don't always do him in
like LA or California I said I'll go out
to where you are I want to be a debit
seat traffic you should come visit
sweden uh I'm ring ring ring ring by the
way I will be streaming for a total of
one hour and we are reaching we're just
number 47 minutes so at the end of 47
minutes I mean at the end of an hour you
will be don't I'm not looking forward to
I'm just saying in case you guys want to
you know get in any questions we have
little less than 32 minutes you watch
The Walking Dead I do you should visit
Billy I would love a philly cheese
things like us whatever
old stories run old stories do you guys
know the boner in my chest story push
what if you know the boner in my chest
story let's to if you don't help
me okay most people push to so i'll tell
you when i was in fifth grade i was in
fifth grade yes i was a fifth grade I
was a bit big and it runs up my dad's
side of the family as weird as this
sounds actually know why that's weird
it's not weird it's just weird because
this happens on his side he had my
sister head okay you guys are gonna love
this one because now she's a blog
channel life with Jackie my sister does
she want you to back on such life with
Jackie and she actually has two knees
you guys should ask her to show you how
long she's not sure she had two knees on
one leg and then a one of you so she
taking us three total yeah she grew an
extra bone an extra me bone not a cap
not a joint so she can't bend it in
weird ways just the bone so she's too
nice anyway she is too news my dad has a
bad back because he has like an extra
bone thing or whatever back when I was
young as much as it's hard to believe
this I was so big like my parents used
to take me to dr. all time because my
ribs this video no matter how much I 8
i'd love to eat but I was just so thin
they said one day it would catch up and
clearly a good ha but anyway when I was
young it wasn't so the right side of my
chest in my university but the right
side of my chest was hot started to
raise up above the left side of my chest
like it was it was hotter and my mom
called my dad really worried I was
young and she said there's a growth in
Alex's chest like a bone like she could
see like a lump there's a growth in his
chest and I'm work and so he said you
need to take over the doctor went to the
doctor turns out I like my sister and my
dad had an extra bone that was made my
ribs a little bit hot on my right side
it still is hard to talk with my black
shirt anyway my ribs are a little bit
higher on one side and it was no big
deal but I asked my dad what was wrong
with me and any time he has a an
opportunity to screw with me or to make
a joke he will do it so what he did was
he told me i was in fifth grade and he
told me that what it's called what i
have is i have a boner in my chest now I
was an immature 5th grader so I laughed
and he stayed completely serious and he
goes non serious and I said what do you
mean I'd be vulgar images and he said he
said no no the reason why you're
thinking of that Boehner he goes into
what a boner is is when you have a bone
and an extra growth off of the bone
that's like the earth it's like a bone
earth so that's why we came from he's
like that's why they call that that
because it's like a growth extension so
it was like but the real meaning of it
is what you have is an actual medical
phone and I was like oh and that was a
totally legitimate thing to believe
right it's a protrusion op follow anyway
so I believe that I had a boner in my
chest my dad said I was like so what
should i do which I tell the school or
what do I like what about PE I have to
do fit like you know gym class and he
goes you probably shouldn't do that and
then he walked away and new totally most
the time that he jokes he doesn't even
reveal he just forgets to reveal or he
doesn't care because the joke is for
himself he just loves it so here I am
5th grader go to school the next day the
whole grade all of fifth grade does
class together does gym class get and we
SAT there all of us and before we did it
I raised my hand little Alex they said
yes and I said I
I said why i said because I have a bone
made I remember the teacher try not to
laugh but he was like it was like the
coach whatever he goes yeah why did you
say I said I have a boner in my chest I
can't do he and he was like Alex not the
time for that that was like I can I am
bone I just said I can't the doctor said
I can't go to a doctor said I can't work
out because I have boner and he ended up
sending me to the principal's office or
whatever you guys call you know the Dean
we call me when to the principal's
office and she said I heard you said
something terrible and clapping in the
PE class would you say and I said I have
a boner I do I could get a note that
tell John Boehner I'll prove it to you
she was I don't want you to prove that
so she got my mom on the phone and she
goes your son is being very
inappropriate even to me and I don't
think he needs the right fit for this
food well almost what do they're about
to expel and this she says your son is
saying that he can't do gym class
because he has the phone my mom knew
right away why I would say and I could
hear through the phone with the
principles time I can hear her say how
wait because she was pissed my dad had
to make a formal apology to the
principal and the school for being
inappropriate and for all of that
goodness and I was the kid with the
boner for like two years it's like Alex
can you do this oh no no no I forgot you
the boner you can't it was so
embarrassing there was embarrassing so
anyway that's the butter in my chest
story that my dad completely embarrass
me with what I was a good grade yeah
brian says bruh
oh I finished it anytime I can't do
something now because I will you play
metal gear solid I really want to i also
want the new black ops 3 which one
should i get it for black ops 3 for xbox
for black ops 3 4 ps4 it's a little bit
delayed so when I ask a question it gets
like this is like a long time you two
got fur this up to can you see my
username Simba star I said I saw you
sometimes the chat was really fast and
sometimes it's good live with what I'm
not going wow I can't even its most
people are saying Xbox actually which is
I love my ps4 but like I already played
call of duty on my xbox that might as
well get if I mean I play advanced
warfare it might as well get black ops
although I streaming wise I like ps4
better because it has better settings to
put in in game chat on stream rather
than getting a separate component so
canon has new prime minister I saw that
I saw that oh that Black Hawks three
yeah please say my name ah I can't see
him one's name I saw someone said say my
name and her name was eat dick why not
get it for both systems because that's
expensive
what is we dad say about you you to
clear he's totally supported he'll
support anything he loves it Oh Dean
finds your time and you make some drinks
I I'm not trying to drink right now it's
only 10 after three in the afternoon no
you're awesome you are awesome you're
from Australia sage ah I couldn't see it
have you been in a feature film yeah I
was in a horror film and I died I died
in it um say my name is Hannah Hannah
Hannah speak Spanish I just I said no in
Spanish them did you find the package
ceiling no I have not yet and everyone
remember when Alice the daily vlogs that
wasn't that long ago I was like last
week I only didn't do it this week
because I had some stuff I need to take
care of and now I did and we're back
we're back on daily don't worry how old
are you and say Thomas Thomas 26 you
only say my name I can't I have to read
what you're writing and your name and
it's hard to read when it's like it's
like someone doing this I don't know why
this is here perfect savings so you want
to read this it's like this that's what
I'm trying to read so I can kind of read
it and future do to do to do and then
it's like okay what did it say under
Perkins tickets it's so hard I don't
know why that's the time but anyway it's
hard because these things travel so fast
where would you live in the u.s. not
including LA I don't think I would live
anywhere but LA I love LA I love Italy
I'm luck hihihihihi say Jack came Jack
King yeah ebony my name is mr. Slovak
why doesn't your dad give you another
look cuz it's not going it I
rosenberg greetings from estonia highest
and they say sack from saudi arabia i
dared to say hi sunny hi hi from New
Zealand I Love New Zealand I love it or
you'll rue it or no I'll actually love
Australia and easier i would love to go
back would love to what happened the
girl you were with for nine years no no
I was single for nine years not in a
relationship it's actually probably
purchased at nine years what's this does
it say my name daniela call me or text
me I don't see that number anymore it's
now gone play guitar in the next vlog I
played it in my blog police say Jack be
high from Ukraine a written we come in
la that's all thanks for support to
fruits YouTube of course he's a friend
of mine he always has my support what is
your daily carry I don't daily care at
Los Angeles and they won't give you see
today oh do you just mean what do I
carry normally carry my vlog camera my
phone my keys my wallet is there really
a room behind the closet
ah
alex has a peanut virgin while you're
being generous most people say P in from
Florence I've been to Florence show us
Harvey hey bud he stands up there so he
could be at the same height as every as
people when they're standing over here
in the kitchen he likes to be like he
likes to be the same head height so he
doesn't have to look up she likes to
scare people so instead Wong's up there
he just sits and looks at you like this
and he's always like yeah I'm talking
about you honey and what and what what
you're going to do great the bud Oh what
you can do with a bud you're on
is he going to lie down
my lazy down okay guys well it's past
one hour we are done here I'm about to
wrap it up let me know you guys if you
would like this if you like live stuff
to be a regular thing one day a week
it's you know totally up to you guys if
you'd rather a regular vlog and i will
do a regular vlog but if not this is
great too so that way it gives me one
day to not why I don't know totally up
to you guys your call I will listen what
you guys want and i will see you oh I
just I just belched okay guys well
thanks for hanging with me I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and i'm still
gonna have to suck this camera and i
will see you guys again soon goodbye
