hey guys it's a new day today Brandon's
on his way over and we're going to come
up with some more drink videos some more
ideas some more content stuff the thing
is I've been telling you guys that for a
while and it's like well where are you
when are you gonna see the videos I know
I get it we're trying to shoot them as
soon as possible but we're going to try
to shoot as many as possible so that we
can just have content keep going because
he also has a schedule that he needs to
to you know live by and it's hard to
continue to do this we're trying to get
everything compiled set up ready to go
so we could just pump out like you know
a week of shooting a ton of content have
that you know the difference is it's not
as easy anymore now that I want this new
direction for the drinks channel of its
not just a straight informative video of
this is how you make the drink and do
this and do this in blah blah I don't
really want that that's not what's fun
for me I want something that's a fun you
don't even have to want to drink you
don't even have to be of age to drink I
just want an entertaining video and you
can get signed from it too almost like
I'm a big fan of Epic Meal Time I think
mealtime is not I'm living mute that for
a second epicMealTime is not just about
the food it's not just like or else I
would you know it could be a serious
show you wouldn't you know where
someone's like and then you make this
and you put you know we've the bacon
like this and it's not like that it's an
entertaining show that you watch because
it's crazy you like the characters you
like Harley you like all them it's just
something that's fun to watch and I want
that to be the same kind of thing for
drinks channel i'm not talking about
epic stuff our epic drinks i'm just
saying entertainmentwise that's what
we're going for so I'm excited for I
think we'll get some good content going
and I'm excited to finally you know get
the ball rolling on that and put up a
but as much content as I possibly can
for you guys so he's coming over to work
out some some plans so we can get that
stuff done Brandon is coming in the
garage right now and I'm gonna attempt
to scare him he pretty doesn't get
scared very easily but we'll see he
doesn't expect it
keep our Titans
he worked a little bit it was okay we're
getting some stuff here I don't really
know we're just gonna look around see if
they have some fun stuff to play with or
are you scared with Brenda and I decided
we'd go shark fishing so we got this
fishing pole we got this bird hold this
hold this this bird has a bait this hook
and sweatpants a sweatband in case we
start sweating on our forehead we're
going to catch some big sharks I wonder
what we could catch with this oh oh ah
there we go hey we could catch some good
stuff slice a pizza let's go let's catch
some stuff the only reason you should
ever be buying pizza is well Brandon
you're eating it but this you're
supposed to turn it on so you can't get
it so it's a fishing pole and hang it so
you can run on the treadmill no you just
figure to take one from the box I just
want to hear because it's too hot over
there oh cuz of me oh yeah so long that
comes to see this fishing Hague is good
that's its motivation it's motivation if
I show them your slice of pizza what
that's not understand my slice of pizza
mm-hmm I'm not eating pizza right no we
had a we had a fuck for lunch which is
already enough carbs I can't eat more
pizza before full he calls farting
puffing look who's here sorry show you
did I already show you hey turn around
hey turn around hi cookie why why no she
actually poured a bottle of wine for me
and we were going to hang out watch
Netflix but I didn't feel like sitting
on the couch so I felt like I brought a
pool here so I could sit and watch watch
Netflix but it's not just a pool i also
bought some ice you know so it's a
little more chill in there that way you
know we get the full Netflix and chill
Experian that's what Netflix of chills
right just taking an ice bath while
you're watching netflix i think i got
this right thank you for helping me make
my bad tell me nicely one for you big
boy oh my god that looks terrible oh my
god oh my god and it's hose water so
it's already cold oh my god it's not
Ashley's water did your water boy did
not break and now he was saying cuz it's
the hose water I don't get it what we're
actually doing is it's for a an
Instagram picture so you guys it'll it
should already be up right this is
already up now so it's okay you guys
make sure you go to my Instagram at Alex
Mandel and like this picture we're
adding you more ice
routine is gonna be the size of a peanut
it already is ash it already is know
that oh just kidding how do you know cuz
i sent her pictures of it all the time
she's always like oh i love peanuts and
make a coffee table book of old attic
sonic Pixies in you yeah wash yeah
smallest coffee table book ever yeah
we're good we want to get this netflix
logo up on I'm here so okay okay come on
that's ok for the matter I'm gonna try
to get in here Ptolemy my case I need it
here you're going to be molded in tub
yummy warm hugs Kenyan incubate it come
you take my shirt off so you can get
really close to me oh my god oh my god
oh my god things I do for ideas that are
stupid I like putting myself in this oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my gosh this is really cold i'm pretty
sure i have a shrimp weenie and I mean
it's not it's not terrible an ice pack
this kind of refreshing you kind of like
it when it's cold you want to come in
here next Brendan no I'm ok you walking
in here no sex no I'm good it's pretty
chill just watching Netflix daljik ok
turn it off my feet are burning actually
no no I don't have to walk that's right
Bernie p look I'm a little vagina
apparently you are what you never forget
okay guys well I'm exhausted I tired
it's like on the super ten toes ten
after four in the morning I didn't even
go out tonight at all I just Brandon and
Ashley helped me we thought we'd the
Instagram picture I did with the
champagne the money people seem to love
it because it's just funny it's just
something that's you know entertaining
and I love it so it's like let's just do
some more fun Instagram pictures I like
that and come up with more content and
everything so I got some more that more
of those were coming out that Netflix
one go check it out on Instagram please
show it love because you guys always do
I don't even have to say please I know
you guys will do that just because he is
so awesome and I'm exhausted I'm ready
to go to sleep I'm ready to have a new
day tomorrow Harvey's already done all
right bud his tongue motions mean yes so
that's it and on that note see you guys
again soon goodbye
cool it just fell into the big thing
it's in there no do you dumped more in
there's another hundred dollars Brandon
ah ok I'm not wearing a close you'll see
why I'm here mr. day going the Instagram
fiction
