hey guys it's a new day today and
started off pretty good at the gym and
then i gotta say i didn't say it before
because I just didn't want to you know
say something until happen but I went on
a date today not much more information
we gonna give you at the time I realized
I learned my lesson in you know not to
start revealing too much information
before I don't know I don't know I want
to update and those of you that are
wondering well what happened with with
Sammy well I just got off the phone with
her and she wants to hang out a little
later today so nothing um but I went on
a date went well that's it we'll see
what happens I she was super nice and I
had a good time with her I hope that she
had a good time I think that she's
watching this so i hope i hope you had a
good time and then I come back here to
this Lily my there's a leak coming
through the wall there's least coming
through and it's discoloring the wall up
there and ruining everything and so
they're checking to see what is
happening what's making it what's
leaking so until they find that out this
is what i have in my place it looks
looks great makes it look super nice I
just had an idea for something I want to
know is just such a random idea but I
want to do this to to Jake because Jake
is gonna be home later on and I like to
prank him he sees fun to prank because
he's a good sport about it and it's
honestly the most fun to prank your
friends because you know you laugh about
it later so I had this idea where what
if Jake randomly he like Jake is really
good about his money you know he won't
go hit tries not to go out to spend too
much money he's really good at saving it
he's just good with with his money and
but you know he's always looking for
ways to get more whether it's bartending
wear something well i wanna i wanna i
want to prank him and make him think
that he got a lot more damn son d soon I
could totally prank Jake and make him
think that someone sent him this money
for some odd reason but how do I make it
more believable I can't just write a
letter handwritten who's gonna send you
know this much cash so I found this like
letter from Silicon Valley Bank which
could easily be some sort of start up
something whatever someone said like hey
what I don't whatever he's doing some
sort of cash advance I i feel like if i
have this shift it's already it has like
a postage everything it's already been
shipped there's just nothing and i could
print up some fake things so that he
believes it reseal it because i opened
it carefully so that just you know not
damaged and then i went to their website
at silicon valley bank i could just take
this i can just do a screenshot of that
put that into a document have it sent
like written out to him and make it look
so much more official right out
something to him and hopefully believes
it so i hope it works as you can see it
already with the logo in it and if i
write his name and then address right
below and stuff like that i could put it
in this little window here and it'll be
great I just need I need to figure out
why he would be getting mail here and
wouldn't be addressed to his house
unless I do his home address and then
say his brother dropped it off or
something
I could do that I'll do that so I I have
a sum of money on me and I want to try
to prank your brother and make it seem
like this money was randomly sent to him
mailed to him and he wouldn't believe it
if it was mailed to hear could you text
Jake and tell him that you dropped off
an envelope for him because you happen
to be in the area ok so just you'll text
him now okay yeah just Tom he dropped
off a letter oh ok i finished the notice
to him and it says hello Jake whatever
its generic I get a lot of bank things
and say hello Alex ello Jake this is a
notice that your five-year bond has
reached full maturity and has now
expired the sum of five thousand dollars
is enclosed this envelope in the form of
cash as requested upon bond initiation
to reinvest please visit us online at SB
me calm we appreciate you choosing us as
we know that options are plentiful thank
you Silicon Valley Bank SB I made up
like all this information whatever it's
easy it's simple sometimes if you do
things a little too complicated it makes
less real simple and straight to the
point how do it I'm going to go ahead
and print this reason I'm not showing
the screen is his address is on it I
could show you this just so you see it
this is the document his name is right
there I don't want to show his address
because I use his actual address and
that'll be printed and then I'll show
you the envelope once that's done I'm
gonna go ahead I don't have my printers
not working here so I'm gonna go to the
apartment below to print it yeah here he
goes again the addresses on its I don't
want to show it but came out looking
fantastic so let's get this set up the
envelope is all ready to go it's pretty
thick here it is here I blocked out
where it shows address the address is
below his name but it's all sealed I
managed to get it to pretty much seal
again it's sealed there maybe not a
little here but it's okay
but yes so hopefully works out now all
we got to do is wait for Jake to get
home
whoa
I mean
initiation your illusion right then
yes
I but he hung up
and now smile and show it to the camera
straight well apparently yeah I knew it
it is real money I know it's real money
I knew that this is not I know you
totally you like it's not even a good
resolution I'm like I was so proud of it
but it came for a real Bank that
envelope is real real the envelope is
real no that was just feel like an ass
you are now Jake was a little bit
skeptical but you guys saw we totally
got him or I totally got it but we did
it together cuz it's for all of us I got
him come on yeah the resolution may have
been low and he could have called it up
and he was who's gonna who's gonna
reject $5,000 that's what convinced him
was the cash so I think it turned out
well you'd see yeah that's always fun to
prank a roommate I mean we're roommates
for look who's here we out here tonight
well you oh yeah well I figured since we
have the cash you know the breeze just
feels so much nicer when it comes from
that much money and then we decided we
would take like it if I have the money
we might as well do like some funny epic
Instagram picture why might as well so
it's like I also have some champagnes
and stuff to use so we took out I took
out just the golden ones out of here and
here so we have two golden a spades or
armand de brignac champagne and so we
have that move cash I don't really know
what's going on yet but this is going to
end up being a Instagram picture somehow
so if you don't already follow me on
instagram you should it's just at Alex
Mandel easy as that and look for the
picture there because we haven't taken
it yet but I'm sure it'd sure it's great
cool it just fell into the big thing
it's in there no do you dump more in
there are hundred dollars Brandon ah ok
I'm not wearing a close you'll see why
I'm here mr. dent going the Instagram
fiction okay guys well that's all I got
for you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching make sure you go check
out that Instagram picture and I hope
you guys enjoyed the prank I did with
them I'm Jake I looked at some of the
footage and because the towel that was
meant to hide this kind of muffled that
audio so I apologize about that but you
know it's on a vlog things are raw and
rough it's not like a you know not too
much production went into that just hit
this camera so do hope you guys enjoyed
that and that's all so on that note I'll
see you guys again soon go back let's
open this bad boy so we got ourselves a
knife here and we will open this okay
flip this over knife it in the hole just
rub it open
rub it rub this open I'm gonna rub you
open
