hey guys it's a new day and I have an
appointment later on later on today for
my neck for more acupuncture so that my
neck can feel hopefully perfect but it's
pretty far and it's at 7pm and if I try
to leave here like six or sign that like
later on I wanna be stuck in traffic so
I'm probably thinking I should head to
the office which is closer to that so
that i can at least avoid freeway time
and traffic time so that I can be around
that area so I think that's what we're
going to add him with a just like grab
some stuff to occupy my time over there
yeah or just come up with more videos
like Drake videos and stuff that would
be productive that's what I should I'm
going to go there I'm going to come up
with more with more videos here at the
office and so it's quiet here I did some
research on some drink stuff and
everything and i'm like falling a sleep
ball in here it was just too quiet i
like noise I like things going on and i
saw i don't i don't have that so i might
just head out of here and drive around
or something until until then till I
have my appointment
it's getting sleepy there's always weird
things you can find in this office that
I like anything from games and stuff
like that all the way to bear to make it
sighs move I don't know what is ear
hello yeah I know what it is guys I
don't I'm not for those of you who don't
it's just a toy with eyes it's like a
like a little character it's a fun
character I just finished getting more
acupuncture and wow my neck feels good
it's so weird how that works because I
been going to chiropractor getting stuff
done and two days of acupuncture with
this lady that is like magic or
something it's crazy but I just finished
it and I feel good and I'm happy to feel
good wow so weird to be able to like
turn my neck and just lets I'm so happy
about that I'm i try to get to santa
monica as quick as I can it's a little
bit after eight and my laptop is ready
at the apple store which closes at nine
and I still got to go pretty far so
hopefully I can make it if not I'm gonna
have to beat up tomorrow but we'll see I
got here with 20 minutes to spare with
no traffic wishes
and right here no next up let's go get
this laptop I'm excited I think it's
fast enough for me even use a twitch off
which is great because i used to have to
lower the quality my own one I got it
macbook pro e so ready Jake you're free
to leave one day's welcomes you eat
dinner well Katya I don't think I eat
dinner I didn't eat you I saw Monday
Night Football goers and you ate a beat
eat a pizza well you have this order
food right now get this laptop setup you
buddy let's open this bad boy so we got
ourselves a knife here and we will open
this okay flip this over knife it in the
hole just rub it open rub it rub this
open I'm gonna rub you open spread will
ya we're gonna spread on sweet oh oh oh
so pretty hmm
right here got some charging cable and
the cord fourth it to the extender
because I could just plug in this box
but who the hell is that I need some
extra space for my activities what's in
here it's just this is just a user guide
whatever manual thing something and in a
microfiber cloth I could use this even
for my blog camera perfect anything else
in here no that's it that's the unboxing
good Mike well not goodbye just I'm done
now that it's all good i just need to
transfer over from this this mac to the
new one old one new one old one new one
you supreme yeah so anyway once all my
stuff gets transferred it'll be good to
go I'm excited I have been waiting for a
new laptop my other one is like
literally at my party when we shot the
drone video and who does all the drone
stuff he's like is it cool if I use your
laptop just to use just to edit some of
the stuff on it so yeah to open the
application to get it going into to open
things on my computer usually I push
open and then like I'll go away and
leave and hope that it turns on like
sometimes I'm like laptop it's sold not
old not necessarily super old but it's
so overly used and slow and terrible
weather one that it has taken up to 10
minutes to open software with nothing
running nothing else running with
nothing I've done a full system reset on
the computer emptied out just to see
what to do it's just it's i think it's
just dying so i'm so happy to have a new
that I get stuff done because one of the
reasons I even started editing on my
iPad for vlogs and stuff like that is
because in the middle of editing it
would crash just couldn't handle that so
hopefully now actually I'm pretty sure
now will be so good to go and I'm
excited that things will be smooth from
here yeah after waiting all night for my
data transfer it said it was a total of
over 30 hours to try to do it because it
was doing it over Wi-Fi and I just
couldn't wait i need to use my computer
and somebody that so now i had to cancel
it which was scary because and i don't
want to start over but i went ahead and
got myself a thunderbolt cable because
this transfers data really fast i think
it's like 20 gigs a second so that's
something in science so hopefully this
will make it so much faster and then I
can use it again i hate that i'm
restarting this transfer but hey i
needed to be done so hopefully this will
this will do it I gotta restart I have
both these ready to go we'll see instead
of 30 hours or actually almost 31 hours
because it was 30 hours and 59 minutes
with this cable it is now three hours
and 43 minutes big difference I could
wait over three hours I just can't wait
for 30-something hours so oh and it just
dropped from three now it's just three
hours and 33 minutes so I actually think
it's gonna go pretty quick it's just
kind of jumping around here but I'm
gonna get this all done and we're gonna
start us off a new day so because
enjoyed watching today my pretty much
like unboxing of a new macbook pro
yeah so and I also check out the camera
on the laptops and the camera it now
dropped below two hours ah I mean below
three hours so it's two hours and 50
minutes so I checked the cameras and I
always have to go live like on you now
on my iPad because it is the quality of
the camera on my old macbook pro like
looks dark it's it's kind of fuzzy it's
not great this new camera on here is
great so I'm happy I can do that I'm
just excited about I'm overall excited
I'm happy this is great great stuff oh
it's like it's just exciting so on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye I think I think I spoke a little
soon guys on the whole date thing we've
been doing this now we've been on on
live still I'm still on you now we've
been on here for a little while now and
I got my response and I said lunch she
said yes how's Wednesday she said good
and then I was gonna say okay can set
the time and stuff and then she said oh
it seems like it's for your new vlog or
something like this sorry I can't go and
I was like no
