hey guys it's a new day today and I just
watchin got some breakfast time with
with jacquet and looky and now I
actually since my neck has been so bad
at beginning i'm going to chiropractor
and everything to try to fix it and it's
it's helping but not really doing much
i'm now open to trying whatever so I'm
going today to get acupuncture
acupuncture really help my back when I
broke it when I was 22 so now hopefully
it'll help my neck we'll see I've heard
good things my mom dozing gets it from
this place and she says that it's really
helped her so fingers crossed hopefully
it helps my neck because it's been so
long since my neck is felt good but
that's why I'm gonna head right now and
then I don't know we'll have ourself a
good sunday i just finished with the
acupuncture and i gotta tell you i got
it all over like arms my legs even in my
face and up here and everywhere in my
hands and a lot of freakin needles and
usually it's painless when you when
you're tense and everything you can feel
some of them so somewhere okay other
ones were like whoa that like like they
put it in it literally sounds like a
joke to your body but my neck
surprisingly feels so much better I
could feel it still and because of that
she wants me to go back tomorrow at 7pm
to do another session so I'm going to do
that because I want to get rid of it and
it did help and so I'm happy that
something is helping my neck it's still
I can still feel it but it's great so
happy that that it worked as much as it
did I'm going to go ahead back and drive
back to Santa Monica now to meet up with
Jake and luke and I don't know we're
going to do but I'm kind of hungry I
guess I'm always hungry but I'm gonna
drive back right now and figure out what
what's what we're doing for this today
also loves there I didn't only get
acupuncture they also did cupping on my
back which leaves some marks to check
this out it's not bad um you see that uh
yeah doesn't hurt anything that just
leaves those marks but it felt really
good so hang it out let me start that
again guys that all I just started so
cuz that is so do this someday then I'm
sitting here a bit mr. Jake mr. Luke and
guns because I'm on you now and I told
him I would show them guns so they're
all just like lined up here what I was
showing them but we were on you now guys
here talking talking to all its focusing
there you go now they see what she has a
ready bloggy blog blogger Steen yeah
it's gonna be in the vlog you'll give me
the vlog yay and if you guys are
wondering why i'm using my iPad and not
my computer it's because the camera on
ipad seems to be better and the lighting
is better on it so i choose to use it
but we're doing we do these things on
you now where we bum girls instagrams
like we'll go on find the tractive girl
bomb her most recent picture and Teller
like you should go on a date with Alex
date Alex blow up and that's actually
how I met Sammy and we just got it I
just got someone else followed me did
you just fall through the wall and just
she just messaged me and all that she
goes okay I get the message i just put
lunch ? she said yes so i got another
date this week and I know all you're
gonna be like what happened Sammy Sammy
are not in a serious relationship or not
she's not my girlfriend I'm allowed to
date multiple people and
you know that's what I'm allowed to do
that so I thank you to everyone who's on
you now right now and I'm going to be
doing this more because it's fun we get
to do dates and i'll try to vlog them
more so I'm excited now I get Jake out
of date you do Jane I have a date I
think I think I spoke a little soon guys
on the whole date thing we've been doing
this now we've been on on live still I'm
still on you now we've been on here for
a little while now and I got my response
and I said lunch she said yes how's
Wednesday she said good and then I was
gonna say okay can set the time and
stuff and then she said oh it seems like
it's for your new vlog or something like
this sorry I can't go and I was like no
no not hyah I'm not for a new vlog it's
and I've been a youtuber already for a
couple years I just thought you were
cute wanted to take you out to lunch and
then I put in parentheses off the vlog
and she wrote oh the thing is I know I'm
not the only one who received comments
like that anyway it was fun good luck
what I got so many I got so many
suggestions for who I should who we
should do this to like who we should
message she was the first one we chose
and I was excited and I died how to date
this week and I don't have a date so and
then she unfollowed me so we don't we
don't have a date this week guys it's
just us it's just you guys me me and you
guys yeah
I thought I had a date it's okay it's
okay I may have got rejected but i'm
still on a date right now with Greg I'm
pretty sad that you're drinking I have
because you were yeah i know most people
do we went and got a sweet fit which
down the street eating in here so good
po cables yeah i'm like i'm really
hungry so i'm gonna eat this and then
i'm going to continue on my day I'm
going getting more acupuncture later on
for my neck hopefully it makes it
perfect cuz it feels actually so much
better today so we'll see but on that
note that's all I got for you guys for
today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon goodbye I ended up coming across
one of youssef's most recent blogger or
actually his most recent blog on dosa
phu SI called goodbye la you broke me
and i gotta say that it really really
hit home for me in the sense that i'm
not i don't feel the way he does but I
in my family mental health is it is a
huge is a huge thing my dad
