hey guys it's a new day today and I am
currently uploading the vlog that went
up yesterday you guys have already seen
so I'm like literally going ending that
one and starting this one going
back-to-back going back-to-back and yeah
so what parents are still here they
actually my dad's hanging out in the
other apartment I showed you guys
yesterday we got new apartments if you
haven't seen it go check it out in
yesterday's vlog and then my mom and
sister and Abby are going to get
smoothies down the street they're gonna
I think they're gonna pick me up one or
something I hope and then they're gonna
come back here we're just chilling
Harvey's just hanging he's always look
at that isn't that that's just like
typical weekend pose like if you're just
if it's the weekend don't you just want
to do that yeah I know I know that
that's what that's how I feel on the
weekend is what I want to do we're
heading right now to go eat we're going
down to heal stone which is has the most
amazing ribs ever I don't know if I'm
getting it was when they had the most
amazing ribs I know that everytime like
Roman comes into town
we always try to make one plan to go the
Hillston instead of Monica it's amazing
but I wonder if it's windy for you guys
sorry I realize log walking it's kind of
windy but yeah we're all heading there
Abby finally fell asleep staying in a
nap now look at her
where is she she's all the way back I
don't know where she was she is what I
don't know where's heavy
a bee she's right over here
she's out
she looks wasted
oh yeah
what are you doing I think he's trying
to cool off
I always called this store that happen
Museum
it's so huge
here at that Third Street they don't
like us coming in here so I'm doing this
on my way out
she's super plug into my sister's blog
and there's just like
we came in here because it's old and
it's slow and it's just it crashes while
I'm editing and I can't do that and yes
I know a lot of you know that I edit my
blogs on my iPad but for every other
video for drinks over anything I ended
up my computer and I can't have that
crash it going slow
I needed something with a faster
processor just a new computer so I
actually have one coming in soon but it
wasn't ready yet so I gotta pick it up
in a few days I'm back in my apartment
now and I decided to catch up on some
stuff on Twitter and YouTube and I ended
up coming across one of Yusuf's most
recent bloggers or actually his most
recent blog on dos tofu sea called
goodbye Lau broke me and I gotta say
that it really really hit home for me in
the sense that I'm not I don't feel the
way he does but I in my family mental
health is a huge is a huge thing my dad
suffers from it as well as other other
relatives my family that I love very
much
suffer from it too and continue to
suffer from it and I just don't think
people really understand what it is and
today happens to be World Mental Health
Day and so today's a perfect time for me
to bring this up and as well as it was
just terrible for me to watch Yusef and
see to see how he feels and what he's
going through because he is a good
friend of mine and I admire him as a
person as a youtuber he's a strong
person and a lot of you may have watched
and been like wow he's he's so weak but
he's not and if you listen to what he's
saying he had these dark thoughts and
yet he was strong enough to go ahead and
make a call to his mom to his family and
make that move because he knows what he
has to do to stay strong and that's a
really important thing you guys need to
praise the fact that he is a strong
enough person do that and a lot of
people are not there's a lot of people
that do thing
to hurt themselves and others and it's
it's it's not something that's in
logical control this isn't something you
can talk someone out of or have you know
material possessions that make you you
know fousey posted on Twitter that stone
wrote to him you got a nice car you got
to show that you you got all this stuff
and yet you're still saying you're
depressed and stuff like that and I have
no respect for you that is bullshit
because it has nothing to do with that
and I just feel like while I have this
platform right now to talk to you this
is what I wanted to talk about and I'm
sorry if I'm being a downer to you guys
and you can go ahead and click off if
you just don't care but for those of you
that are staying thank you for staying
and I hope that some of you will just
just go do some research on mental
health and just gain an understanding
that it is not something that is on the
surface it is an illness that you have
in your head that you have to deal with
that you can get treated for that you
can help people you know get treated for
and if anything and if nothing else just
be there and support the people you know
and care about and let them know that
you are there for them if nothing else
so what I ask is not on my behalf
don't do it for me you guys go over to
to Yusef on his YouTube channel on
Twitter on anything and just let him
know that you were there for him that
you will be there if he needs a break
from you too if he needs anything
whatever he needs you were there for him
you care about him you love him and you
support him and that's honestly what he
needs from you guys right now and as a
friend I am here for him and I just
wanted to make sure that you that I had
that this is said that this is not all
about laughs and fun times I'm here but
it's also about real issues and and
mental health is one that means a
to me because it is in my family so
after watching that it definitely you
know didn't make me feel good to see
that because I do care about it so
please go over show them some love show
me some support let him know that you're
there for him as I am and that's pretty
much where I'm gonna leave leave off the
vlog today because I'm not gonna end up
going to continue on to something funny
or something crazy or anything that I'm
gonna leave you on this note because
it's something that means a lot to me
and I hope that you guys can respect it
and on that note I will see you guys
again soon goodbye my parents wanted to
get another apartment in the in the same
building and they got an apartment below
the one that I'm in and check it out
it's I love the design of this other
departments right below ready
