hello guys it's a new day today hello
hey guys
Wow hello hello look what changes things
up here ah look who's home early you
came home early today boss yeah I was
like who I was I heard voices in the
apartment I was like someone's in here
someone's in here I think they're trying
to have sex with me but it was just Jake
who's still trying to have sex in the
yeah yeah but I want to go eat and I
know that we had Korean barbeque like
two nights ago which is why it's been 2
already 2 nights and I want to go back
so we're going back and we're gonna head
out to Korean barbecue right now because
I'm home gonna and I want some clean
body tellenson some Asian male meat in
my mouth
let's go do this life is after you mail
me oh that's what you need to say that
this Asian people now look now they know
that you're just getting an Asian dudes
dick in your mouth it could be female no
you always actually female if there's no
double entendre now it's just just
mailed me to an end day so damn damn I
ruined that one
you got noodles pain from your mouth
looks so good
yeah hey guys good parting here Cheers
now there were more people here they
just walked out so I thought it was a
good time - it looks like this saddest
party ever just standing here they're
gonna be alone huh second anyone come
hang out with me come hang out see
somebody hire me you're always at my
party yeah - Friday night we're gonna
we're gonna drink a little then probably
go out I'm not alone anymore I was a
Lohan like was your in your room yeah
yeah but now I could actually choose
Cheers
and then we're gonna go to some some
bars around here and celebrate Friday
Cheers
I couldn't vlog too much in the bar
because one it was super loud and and I
don't want this to get flagged for
copyright for having music in it and two
was also really dark you couldn't really
see much while I was there I I felt
someone just like grabbed my ass and
rubbed their middle finger up through my
my crack and I was like whoa and I
thought I was like this is Ashley just
like being crazy because Ashley was
there in case you didn't recognize her
but it wasn't Ashley I turned and I saw
a man and I was like oh whoa and he
looked at me and he just like grabbed my
shoulder and just like grabbed me he was
like he's like I'm just vibing man I'm
just vibing bro you know it isn't like
yeah and I was like oh and I told Jake I
was like that guy right there that's not
the bar that guy but he's like oh that's
and I'm not gonna say but it was a
famous actor I was like no it's not
that's so good and then I was like watch
you'll see when he turns and when he
turned I realized oh my god like famous
actor that all of you guys would know
now you guys are gonna go nuts that I'm
not gonna say it but I'm not going to
because I don't want to cause problems
for him but it was like oh my god just
ridiculous and then we saw him start to
talk to this other girl and he had his
hand down the down the back of her pants
like inside he didn't put it in my pants
but down her pants weird experience not
gonna lie still feel a little bit
violated but it's just another day in LA
yeah just just another night out I don't
know yeah that's when it gets weird as
the nights in LA at some places yeah at
a lot of places look who's here family's
here hello family one family do family
three four and five
what what and nothing I just want to say
I wasn't vlogging too much today because
I'm continuing so we have a little
longer but Jackie and I work together to
prank my parents we got them really bad
I can't tell you guys what it is she
will have the prank on our channel not
it won't be uploaded this week she's
holding on to it for a little bit but
and I will definitely let you guys know
when it's up but you don't want to miss
this one this one was great you guys
will see it it's it's funny we got them
to actually didn't think we would but we
got him yeah and a penis cake yeah my
parents wanted to get another apartment
in the in the same building and they got
an apartment below the one that I'm in
and check it out it's I love this the
design of this other apartments right
below ready
see look at this I like this like if I
were to drink videos or cooking videos
look at this kitchen with the brake and
everything
they're playing down there and then my
dad's watching TV upstairs here like
little locks thing this is nice and
there's that good another bedroom over
here that's like behind the glass
there's a shade that comes down that
turns that glass it's like a wrong so
that has privacy but this place is super
nice I love it like I'm definitely gonna
come hang out down here and shoot stuff
down here or shoot some videos and
drinks and some everything it's cool
it's just to have another it's awesome
to have another place so close to mine I
mean I just take the elevator down okay
guys it's already late I got to put this
vlog up and edit it and get it ready so
I can start a new day have a new day of
blogging so there's something for
tomorrow too so I'm sorry that this one
was up a little bit late but I just want
to give you guys some more content so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and on
that note I will see you guys again soon
come on really made it we made okay here
it is hopefully give you a real walk for
instance know I'd be so angry
ah my black blends oh yeah
