hey guys it's a new day today I'll make
it and it's as if I'm talking to my
penis but I'm actually talking to you
guys anyway we're gonna have myself a
good day today I'm gonna head I just got
to take a quick shower that's why I'm
naked make sure this is no reflections
there's no reflections I mean it was
reflection you just be seeing my butt my
booty but I I'm going to the
chiropractor right after I take a shower
to readjust my neck my neck is still a
little sore when i turn it and it
shouldn't be it should be better by now
but and then we're gonna have herself a
good day I don't know really what we're
gonna do but that's the beauty of having
a good day is it just kind of happens
and it always does I'm with Max and
we're looking for something but I think
we I think we just didn't know here it's
right here no this is it right here
that's the address so these are the two
spots right yeah wait there says it two
spots we were we going to say 15 treat
me like a meeting together somewhere and
there's um at what can I show that i'm
going to its october Shh at the movember
foundation yeah and talk we've been lost
and we went to the building that turned
out to be right next door and they did a
whole like mile long loop unlocked
unlocked there we go I was stuck we did
like a mile long loop and it turned out
to be just like right next door so now
we're here are we late
35 minutes 35 minutes late that's you
know wow that's usually how it turns out
the meeting went well can't really say
what it was about yet but or I don't
know we'll see we'll see it was meeting
you know happen but they gave me some
cool swag some movember stuff and I love
this bag this bag is like super cool
it's kind of like almost like army
surplus type stuffs they gave me like a
koozie and Gillette shaver in some
shaving cream and glasses I definitely
needed this bag too because like when I
go on like trips business trips or
vacation or whatever I don't have a like
a bag that I put like my stuff in like
toothbrush and stuff like that I usually
just get like a plastic grocery bag and
just like tie it into there so now I can
feel like an adult with an actual bag
I'm an adult now I'm a big boy I'm a
real boy well we're well what do we have
here a wild brandon has appeared fuck
off wait wait while I do this this is
like spider-man I just just throw it get
out of my hair really stuck oh yeah
maybe it's semen
i wanna i wanna you know I want to do
right now what I like want to lick on
some black buns no se just wanna bury my
face and some black buttons because I
know that Burger King has their black
whopper and I've seen everyone trying it
and I wasn't gonna try it but the most
intriguing thing is everyone saying it
makes your poop green and apparently to
everyone else that's a negative but I
really want to see green poop I don't
know if I'll vlog my green poop but i'll
let you know if it does that for sure we
want to go get a burger king black
whopper I'm not hungry for for green
poop but oh well young eat the poo betta
burger oh I'll eat the burger okay you
eat the poop if I get a lattice rappels
know what's the lettuce wrap the hook
the bun is black you gotta lick the
black buns it's all about I'm going ah
you know I just got you know jungle
fever for some burgers
hello
how can I help you the black wall / is
sold out yet where's the nearest burger
king that would have it uh I don't know
if you have it but the nearest great
thing you come to prove it I'm pong okay
I'm not a mission to get it oh ok have
fun with it ok thank you hello go we
will find one and we will eat one
I wish I again hi do you have the black
whopper the halloween one you ran out do
you know of the closest Burger King oh
okay ah okay round three
look it says so hello thank you me than
breaking I can help you the Halloween
whopper is sold out yeah Dean of
anywhere that has it take the car the
morning to fold it off oh yeah I just
tried that one this is my very there now
this is my third burger king Wow ah you
prefer the one in either on yeah Michael
work if you were tall thought the one on
entering you could try the one in touch
soon ok I'll try that or the nearest one
it's the one uptown if you know the one
I'm not tiara and the Omega ok then
appear okay that'll be number four which
is lucky you're about there no problem
all right thank you you came here
there's nothing open in this mall you're
closed right like very closed dude at
least do you have any black buttons no
like for halloween
I wanted to see you have to know cuz
every location I've been to I've been
trying to get one and they have sold out
yeah but you have them can I see it just
see it you're a lot of seeing is
believing believing you see
I see it is
okay so when they say they sell out
they're only selling out of the buns
right is it possible to get a bun bring
it to another location that's open and
then just have to make it with that
button okay I can't have one bun okay
one blood
they check it I don't care we can we buy
it we buy like one but they're closed
to justice disclosure this video is in
no way sponsored or anything by burger
king and i don't even typically eat at
burger king but because everyone's been
trying this and I'm king of curiosity I
wanted to try one especially for the
green poop and the fact that I can't get
my hands on one is just make me want it
more I know something the college is
gonna be like it's not even like that
great or blah blah I don't care it's the
idea of it it's that I can't have it and
I want it to sound like a spoiled brat I
want a black dark Shh Brandon we're in a
ball here we go again oh it doesn't have
a sold outside hello do you have the
Halloween whopper oh yes then can I get
um you all want sure can I get two of
those oh thank you thank you got it hold
this frame got it oh my god we're gonna
find a parking spot to eat because we
couldn't eat inside but we are going to
park and enjoy this and I hope it's it's
good because then it'll be worth it we
win we got the burgers we're only like a
half hour way from my place really made
it we made it ok here it is ok give you
a real wall princess no that would be so
angry
ah my black blends oh yeah okay okay
said he was one handed tastes just like
a reg mobloc but there's a one then so I
was a regular whopper good yeah does it
relate yeah the number four that's what
she said it's the same thing is enum
before but it has the black bud
commenced little whopper except just
gonna give your brain green poop that's
what I'm excited about nothing special
no it's okay not bad right it's okay one
phone call it's okay we did it it's more
about accomplishing a mission when I'm
set out to do something I want to finish
it and we did it thanks for coming along
with the journey would convert thanks
for coming along on the journey with us
black burgers rule we are back and that
is two hours i don't think i'm gonna get
back my life not i don't think i'm
definitely not going to get back in for
any of you guys that want to go out on a
quest to try it I think it's better for
you just to like watch the vlog and
experience it there I don't know if it
was it was it was okay like if you like
if you like whoppers so I go Walker with
a one yeah but I'm happy we did it
because we set out and we accomplished I
was already like what happens if we
never we never go and it's just the then
it's like the package thief all over
again where I've like hoping that by the
end of the vlog I catch him and it never
did by the way that's still in the works
but I'm not going to talk about anything
on the vlog just in case especially now
since he has the package that has my
name on it that he is stolen so you
could see anything so everything now
it'll come when it comes I don't know if
it's next month i don't know if it's
this month i don't know if it's anything
i'm keeping everything off of this and
then it'll just be up on
up but i already have to poop some
curious if it's green I'm not gonna
actually show you guys poop but i'll let
you guys know i don't think the food has
cycled through me it might just be from
older food on down now i'm just telling
you I gotta poop I gotta poop Brad never
go poop okay how're you gotta poop won't
come that it wasn't green but I think
we'll see when it cycles through
probably in my morning poopie I think
I'll let you guys know you probably care
what color my boob is but I care now
we're just gonna brand and I are gonna
start bring something for some new drink
videos we got to get a bunch of those
out so we're gonna start planning on so
we're gonna come up with some right now
schedule them in and then all we gotta
do shoot him after that and upload so
you guys can see ya I am exhausted I'm
exhausted it's like being exhausted
masturbating zoster paiting I'm
exhausted we came up a lot of sick
drinks and different ideas for videos so
which got its our shooting probably
start that up either over the weekend or
next week so I'm looking forward to
getting right into those and getting
some more content out and they'd be good
thing we did say we did good stuff good
planning stuff we got like probably
brought in like 30 more cocktails yeah
so not necessarily we won't necessarily
all of them but we bring in ideas and
see we potentially want to do and so
we've been here for a while it's now
like home like 130 almost two in the
morning so it's time for me to go to bed
because I'm tired now you to wake up and
he's got to drive all way back to his
place so there you're already and are
you're tired too you don't have to tell
me you don't even have to tell anybody
so on that note I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that's all I got for you for
today we got to put some black buns and
I forgot to put some black buns my mouth
so excited about that I'm happy I did
that accomplish something and then that
note I'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye how're you want to close this
one out again here come on you let me do
it for you I know a lot of you been
asking about Oh where's Sammy where's
Sammy and I got to tell you guys what
happened with that so what happened was
absolutely nothing Sammis here and we
are hanging out yeah she's still here I
understand all the comments like where'd
she
