hey guys it's a new day Tay how you
doing buddy how are you doing
you happy you look lazy to do then again
you always look lazy I'm alone I think I
cup a lot a lot here there's a lot of
like you know dancing and singing that
goes on just like by myself to entertain
myself I talk a lot to Harvey like as if
he understands which he does does he
understand English because he's an
English bulldog that's why would they
name of an English bulldog who didn't
understand English
anyways clearly I go crazy during the
day when I have no one to talk to except
I have you guys and I thank you for that
so we could talk to each other what was
that you said
I agree okay
I just got a call from the production
people who did the show here and they're
actually coming today they let me have
these lights you know the lights that go
around they let me have them for my
party but now that that's done they're
coming today to pick them up I got to
buy some of these on my own just so that
I have them but for now I gotta get up
there and they like fasten them I don't
know I got to figure out how to cut
these things down cuz they're just
coming to grab them I should have them
come down but then again they let me
borrow them so kind of owe them a few of
these have been pretty easy like getting
it off the pole over there it was fine
this one though I mean these fast these
uh zip ties others Abbi that's fine I
can cut them off but it seems like they
wrap these and then put these ons and I
can't pull these bulbs all the way
through
they're like tied through it makes it so
difficult I'm gonna reach this one in
the middle here
they did it with ladders when they put
them up you have to go find like a
ladder or something to do this I don't
know what I'm doing it's probably windy
guys I'm sorry I gotta figure this out
I figured out that one over there I'm on
the last one here and I realized I could
just down on this ledge cuz I was being
stupid before that's why I didn't see it
so I just gotta take this off and then
and then I'm good and then it's done I'm
just gonna pull all the stuff off the
covers wasn't as bad as I thought it
would be I will miss the lights though I
want to but I'm gonna buy something I
know a lot of you been asking about Oh
where's Sammy where's Sammy and I gotta
tell you guys what happened with that so
what happened was absolutely nothing
Sammy's here and we are hanging out
yeah she's still here I understand all
the comments like where'd she I think
you're getting them to on your Instagram
right yeah I'm just I'm just side this
I'm just I'm just her side bitch but she
no she came over today we're gonna I
gotta bring my laptop up but we're both
gonna do some work I'm gonna do some
research to come up with some more
videos and drinks and get things set so
I have some more content for you guys
and where I'm making it myself a drink I
just made made her one I kind of
improvised that's good it's kind of like
I made it with like lemon juice and
agave and some of the strawberry simple
syrup I made and vodka so it was pretty
yeah that's okay
we're allowed to as long as we're
working - now I need to come with a
drink for myself so I got to figure that
out Jake just got back from the
workplace and that's why I don't like
this he doesn't go to work like that he
changed he changes into basketball
attire but your gift arrives in the mail
today oh yeah there you go here I
thought you were about to open my gifts
how you don't well now I have to try to
do it one-handed oh I can I could just
do this oh no no no you have to hold the
beasts
it is it's it's all the rats so that I
can't do but it's harder with one hand
it's fun we get out of here
I got you is this a wallet wallet
because I'm sick yes thank you I want to
check this out you guys don't even know
my wallet game is terrible you guys got
to see this let me pull out my wallet
where's my wallet I have my watch okay
my wallet
it looks like it's okay it's none of the
cards even oh there there you go my
cards come out of here all the time and
the pockets aren't even there let me
just show you let's take these out
number side down and this is my wallet
has it's actually not even attached
it's crap and my last wallet was even
worse than this and everyone's like you
need a wallet Union well the guy I will
and I just never did it so now I have
this it's a it's a minimalist wallet it
cascades so it shoots up so it pushes
them up so it pushes them up if you need
and then you cuz this will hold three
yeah in the back here you can just put
the rest of the cards Oh sick I'm gonna
here I'm gonna put my cards in to show
you guys okay I just tried it I put it
in my pocket and it is such a difference
from this fatty McPhatter steen right
here
and here it is the other cards they fit
in the back oh it's not folks there we
go
they fit in the back and then the three
month Remos important cards you just
push up like this and they're right here
so I'm not gonna pull them out because
my numbers on them they just push them
back in and if you want to again push
this back up and they come back up easy
as pie thank you so much that's
something I definitely frickin needed
I'm like I will I will eventually so
this and I don't have any more bulge in
my pants okay neither pulls back bulge I
still don't know I remember I never had
front paws but yeah thank you
I just got to show you closer look at
this this is my old wallet these pieces
like aren't even really attached oh no I
guess it is attached yep
oh no it's bye-bye threads it's still
attached by threads yeah yeah oh no it
isn't well anyway just tuck that back in
here fold it over good as new
I thought you're gonna throw it at me
and ski oh yeah that wallet needs to go
trash that's yeah I just got back from
the gym now I've actually I have some
time before I have to go to the
chiropractor if you guys remember my
neck has been pretty bad it gets bad and
better better than worse and then it
just hasn't gone back to perfect so I
still go to the chiropractor week just
to make sure gotta try some other things
too like maybe I'll go in for some
acupuncture different things like that
we'll see but I'm gonna actually watch
I've been Jake got me hooked on the show
daredevil on Netflix so I watch an
episode of daredevil then head to the
chiropractor but I'm gonna end the vlog
here so I can start a new day of
vlogging I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and that's all I got for you
for today so let's have fun in
tomorrow's vlog so I will see you guys
over there tomorrow I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye however you want to
enter the closeout here and
