hey guys oh I'm totally keeping that
well um it's new day and i cant on the
roof because i was gonna hang the party
for a little tonight I just fell asleep
I was gonna went to the gym I messages I
worked out a very hard I need to catch
up side fell asleep and just woke up now
so Harvey's just kicking it we both
napped up here I guess right he's still
napping he's still napping he's not
ready to wake up yet but not sure what's
going on but let's have herself a good
time good day good flock I decided to
make myself a sandwich because I thought
it was quick and I have some whole wheat
bread left over and I hate that for
lunch so as i was taking bites something
came out of my sandwich
oh there goes on my sandwich oh dear
that is gross
oh ok well I don't think I'm gonna be
eating any more of that sandwich and I
probably not going to eat lunch right
now because I feel that that's
disgusting I feel disgusted I am that is
gross mr. Jacques is home now you did
more work I just finished I didn't do I
didn't do work but Brandon's on his way
over right now and we decided we wanted
to get korean barbecue for dinner it's
been a little bit of time since I'm not
just like oh not eating back in let's go
eat curry and it was sighs but I've been
pretty disgusted all day not gonna lie
almost threw up because I realized I
probably ate some of the maggots uh-huh
and yeah I also packed up my range bag
because I think we're gonna go try out
the new AK today apparently they have
the ammo for last time they told me they
didn't have any 762 by 39 which is the
MMI AK takes but just in case is that
they told me they have it but just in
case i'm also going to bring my AR
because they'll definitely have two to
three or five by six so we're gonna do
that after some korean so Brandon's on
its way over now and then we'll head out
hello mr. Brandon oh that's oh looks
like Magnus
you got the meat here ready to cook it
up here right hi hai Dozo we're shooting
the AK for the boat this time I just
shot it film the first one but here show
you the grouping I got to the first one
I was shooting center mass so here
Brandon took the shoulder and Jake
wanted to take the head it's a pretty
accurate guess it's not sighted in I
need to spin or a little bit time sunny
day right now it's doing great it's
comfortable too
I noticed it was shooting a little bit
up to the right from that distance as
soon as I've brought it down to left I
said center mass yeah so you'll see here
or did you know I started doing the show
and I realized it was shooting up and
right I don't want to correct right now
so I put the rifle down left and it's
are doing well so I just I'm gonna need
to put some work into it but we're
having a good time shoot and I'm so look
really happy with this guy
I'm fun we were just watching TV and
Brandon fell asleep and I have something
for you
so astray
oh sorry I gotta clean up this is Jake
that I think it's time for me to go to
bed I am tired I know you hi Harvey
Harvey Harvey why are you looking at pot
apparently it's pot is good mr. Harvey
come here
go to bed oh whoa oh oh I know you all
go come here come on up spoon very good
that yes
it's about that time so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and that's all I got
for you for today so i will see you guys
again soon goodbye here together okay
Oh
finally yeah i know i've been i've been
sitting around I've been doing I've been
taking care of things you need a chase
you haven't taken your shot oh don't
fall
