hey guys it's a new day and I got to
prep some more stuff for the party just
a little bit before it starts at one
o'clock we got some times to wear a
costco picked up the more stuff in a
good example yeah yeah sample so I'm
excited for that but we just need a few
more things should we get a cart we
should be a few more things and I
realized we should probably get like
waters and stuff it's not alcohol
because not everyone's gonna drink
alcohol so yeah maybe yeah we'll see the
craziest traffic jam ever and it's been
really difficult to get this sort but
they had a ton of samples and I'm happy
but I'm really hungry and I'm not gonna
eat because we have to talk a guy coming
and I'm gonna stuff my face with tacos
yeah I'm gonna eat some tacos you ready
for tacos yeah yeah he wants tacos in
his mouth in and around his mouth we got
to buy the scoop more samples we just
brought up all the beers and sodas host
packed we couldn't even fit we still
have more over there but looking good
this would be where tacos are excited
for that I'm hungry aren't you I'm so
hard right now we got to make the
margarita still let's go do that yeah
everything's all set ready to go I to
change my shirt for them all the moving
things around i'm super sweaty but
hopefully there's a good turnout we'll
see oh how many friends I have
I've been loving the margaritas so far
they've been going down good is this
your second or first one first one okay
well I've had a good amount look who's
here right here oh and this is yep
that means he always teach me then do it
I know yeah it's kind of just uh what
are you all looking she's pulling out
her camera too that's like that's like
an equivalent of like a blogging kiss so
someone just showed up and gave me this
Mike let me let it focus it's a it's a
cock ring to cock ring who can you guess
who gave it to me you gave up thank you
for the gift welcome yeah I'm just
pissed because I made these margaritas
and
need a drink anymore that's good though
that's good i'm happy for you i know i
have tacos upstairs it can't eat it but
you guys can t tacos and you should eat
tacos I'm gonna go look at it right now
I'm gonna look at this he gave me this
my stuff you just light saver I like
that
what is this men's dress socks I don't
know what this is Oh what is this that's
cool that's crazy hahaha and crew I see
crayons and I can't lose with a
lightsaber where did you shop for this w
boutique I was gonna say the WC no you
know what I really appreciate that thank
you kansai even see you yeah take a pay
as you go oh do you wash your hands or
DP IM know im so just shut up it's LA
beast yeah are you ready to do another
LA beast balls of steel shot for your
birthday yes I'm treated
you're only doing it if I knew it I'm
letting more people into doing
we should get tacos tacos you want tacos
I'm YouTube chalking it up we're taking
the guy's photo and again the milk a get
the middle yeah yeah get out of here we
should credit get in the great cuddle
sesh Oh get it Oh long as you can oh
yeah he set up oh yeah you want to get a
big shots of the party so we got an ear
drum aficionado extraordinaire whatever
whatever word is the best
oh I thought you were just about to give
me the trouble birthday drone picture
will be an epic shot I'm so happy we
kept these lights in it end up being so
cool because now it's actually light up
here which is great because it was dark
so i'm happy i still have them
everyone's hanging still be what I'm
stairs so it's still going strong we're
having a good time but we might get the
drone up try to get a shot with the
drone we'll see I don't know if these
covers will allow us to get a good shot
we'll see oh my god I almost just fell
that's again is it ready now it's
blinking we gotta go ya ok let's take
off I'll be good yeah it's just gonna
fly this way and just hit me in the face
it would knock the club's also
here we go ok I'm going into position
okay well let me let me up here I won't
be in the picture I'm birthday boy okay
it's gonna it's gonna face that way face
that it was going to take it this way
yeah everybody face that way wait up you
guys be cool I when I say so everyone
goes we go
here we get a quick a la watch the toxin
here
the big cheers to the Lord
Oh
finally yeah i know i've been i've been
sitting around I've been doing I've been
taking care of things you need to chase
you haven't even taken your shot oh
don't fall the night just done everyone
kind of went out to the bars I'm tired I
just want to go to bed I had I was up
all night last night preparing stuff
it's just time for me to go to sleep you
guys thank you for being the last guest
here yeah of course that's why it's why
you sit up what send you a cleaning bill
well beam you billion we weren't awful
eyes do it oh ok goodbye and the morning
after a party what better
my son
okay guys what I got for you for today I
had an amazing time yesterday at my
birthday party and I need to start a new
vlog for today so this is where we end I
hope you guys enjoyed and see you guys
again soon goodbye
let you mean
I got knocked OU cups of water in there
I'm gonna let that simmer I'm gonna try
to bring it up to a boil and I'm gonna
let it simmer for about 20 minutes and I
keep having to take the foam off the top
as it goes or else is going to become
cloudy and gross and I want just like a
really good looking red strawberry
simple syrup cuz that's what's gonna
make it great margarita I hope this
turns out well I don't know this is a
lot to make it one time usually make
smaller batches so we'll see
