hey guys it's a new day today and as you
know my birthday passed on Wednesday and
my party is actually tomorrow or today
for you guys watching it's Saturday my
party is Saturday my party is now for
you guys tomorrow for me and I need to
prepare I need to have a bunch of stuff
on I I hired a guy who's going to bring
a taco stand and make make tacos on my
roof for people and then I'm gonna have
a margarita bar self-serve margarita bar
make three different types of margaritas
classic strawberry and mango jalapeno
which I'm going to make from scratch
today it's gonna take me a long time
because I figured it'd be really nice to
set up a table i got these which are
just these which are giant mason jar two
gallon mason jars and it had little
crappy plastic spouts i bought stainless
steel these are now stainless steel and
switched him out with these cool metal
stands so they're not going to stay
there i'm going to set up a whole table
with those with different kinds of i'm
gonna have a salt sugar different maybe
a spicy salt or like a smoky salt for
the mega-haul pena one want to set a
bunch of cool things so it's i guess it
kind of sort of has like a like a
mexican-themed just with the tacos and
margaritas which i think is cool it's a
daytime event so it's just it's going to
be but I don't know how many people are
going to show up I invited to good
amount but we'll see how many people
actually in to show up so I have a lot
of preparation I need to do today right
now my sister Alex and Abby are here
we're going to go get lunch and then I
got to start preparing so that's what my
day consists of today just preparation
you made a mess
daddy what that was your camera give me
your camera now I know you think of
marinara all over we went to lunch here
at california pizza kitchen I was gonna
say good pizza cook little wrong and I
gotta go get some more stuff but efforts
oh you got your chicken okay two years
yeah yeah I gotta go to store like
pretty much cross street just to pick up
something for my party so we're gonna go
see if they have we just got back from
the store that we went to and what I got
was myself a crystal decanter here this
will have the tequila inside it's just
nicer store Nick tequila in a decanter
to believe but like bourbon over that
worsens or whiskey but I thought it'd be
nicer than just having like a regular
liquor bottle than to have like those
out there and everything and I also got
these which are stickers but these are
actually little sticker chalkboards so I
can put those on and I have a chalk
marker rights and chalk and so it'll be
cool to put the label if I don't know if
I want to stick them directly on here
because it has these label these things
protruding so it might just make like a
wire that goes around here and hangs
them for that I figure out how I'm going
to do that but I want to do you want to
write tequila for it for this one this
decanter
that's what I was thinking of doing that
you mean like like a hemp type of thing
I was thinking about doing that but I
rather than buying any buying more stuff
i have like thick wire i could just use
black wire it might look cool because
it'll go with the base to the bases
black metal I don't know we're figuring
it out right now we're trying different
ways right now too right tequila on it
so that it looks I already don't like
this one you don't like that one already
yeah well we I'm not sure which one what
goes with I have 40 of those labels so
we're just trying out different ones and
seeing what's gonna work did you just
stand up on yourself yeah she did I saw
that you stood up you stood up are you
gonna stand up again now you just play
out the chair okay well I put on this
one I thought it looked pretty fresh
pretty clean so it looks good i got this
out here for the dip it in lime juice
and sugar or salt yeah i'm gonna make
the different kinds of margaritas and
making the classic strawberry and mango
jalapeno so I get it start doing all
this stuff now if I want to hang the
label from the jars I could I can't just
put the stickers on them so I'm putting
them on the cardboard gonna cut it
actually I flush so it's against it so
it's thicker and then I'm gonna put
black wire through it and I'll be able
to hang it on those jars did I yeah but
I'm showing them now I'm showing them
how to put on the card when I already
told you guys but I'm showing me up
sometimes I forget what I tell you guys
there we go classic strawberry and mango
jalapeno with the tequila
good stuff no bigger this is like fine
arts and crafts times time fine arts and
crafts time no us what those hard to be
just scared the SH Shh I just got back
from shopping like buying a ton of stuff
I just got six pounds of strawberries
six pounds of mango some jalapeno way
too much lime juice I have like thirty
five bottles lime juice 34 miles I don't
even know what's going on here but I got
to start making it it's like almost 11
yeah almost eleven at night I have to
make all of this stuff for that there's
a lot to do and because we had all the
filming here this weekend I noticed one
thing they accidentally took was the
blender and I need that for the mango
part of it and that's not even here I
might even have to go by like go to some
24-hour place they may Walgreens or
something enviable enter I don't know ah
I don't I'm last minute Alex that's what
I am it is six pounds vs bowl cut up
strawberries all these so that's to make
the strawberry simple syrup now to start
it is now
half hour later took me a half hour to
cut up six pounds so I didn't take a
break or stop it's just this little is a
lot of strawberries
I got toe cups of water in there I'm
gonna let that simmer I'm gonna try to
bring it up to a boil and then we let it
simmer for about 20 minutes and I keep
having to take the fall off the top as
it goes or else is going to become
cloudy and gross and I want just like a
really good looking red strawberry
simple syrup cause that's what's gonna
make a great margarita I hope this turns
out well I don't know this is a lot to
make it one time usually make smaller
batches so we'll see it's cooking up
nicely every time this foam stuff
appears I'm supposed to take it off and
I've been discarding the foam there this
doesn't get cloudy take to settle it off
about you don't have too much time left
of just infusing the strawberries before
we take them out and we got to add the
sugar because that's what makes simple
syrup it's looking good now it looks
actually like super red so we got this
good nice red color and this syrup oh
yeah you got to finish up the cooking
here and then we'll be good to go for
the strawberry and then I got to start
probably with the mango jalapeno I'm
finally done with the strawberry simple
syrup now it's cooling down but it's
it's off the fire it's good good to go
it just needs to cool down then I'll put
it in some bottles in the refrigerator
overnight so that we can use it for
tomorrow on to the next one what time is
it it is 1240 a.m. so it's not terribly
late but I'm just starting on the next
one now I'm happy you guys don't have to
actually get the real time how long this
takes because it is crazy i just
finished cutting all of the mangoes and
i have
my mango puree just liquid mango he is
for it I like that color its a bright
color ah now I got to move all this
before i could start of that it's one
thirty in the morning by the way one
thirty in the morning now for the mango
and then once i get spoilin will put it
down to a simmer and i got myself the
jalapeno start here so we're gonna put
that juggling makes them make some mango
yes jalapeno oh my god Oh check out
these I filled those bottles with the
fill those bottles at the strawberry
simple syrup said those are good to go
and I could refrigerate that I'm gonna
put the refrigerator and house they'll
be good to go yeah excited it's coming
together I was worried I was worried
I'll clean this whole area all good and
here are the mango jalapeno simple syrup
bottles it is now three thirty in the
morning whoa time go to bed cuz I'm
tired and I'm party tomorrow so get all
these in the refrigerator and head to
bed and then that notes that's all I got
so we got a party tomorrow guys gotta be
in tomorrow's blog
that's it I'll see you guys again soon
you like
ah
make a wish girlfriend by that
predictable
yeah I wish for
I
