hey guys it's a new day today but guess
what day is today it's my birthday but
not for you guys cuz you guys are seeing
this tomorrow but for me it's my
birthday and I'm alone no one's here
hello oh look who's coming over for my
birthday hey you know what that's why
you're my best friend cuz you're always
here for my birthday actually this is
the first time you've ever been here for
my birthday but it's okay it's okay you
dancing can you try to start doing dance
well yeah I went to the gym a little bit
earlier and I am gonna meet up with my
mom and sister and brother-in-law and
Jake and Brandon we're going to dinner
job we're going to a dinner and I'm
excited about that my trainer gave me a
card we have this ongoing thing in the
in the gym where like when I jump when I
do like box jumps or some certain things
like that I'm like silent like ninja
silent but she caught because I'm like
super silent when I jump up on them
she's like they're like kitty jumps so
she always says I'm like it like a kid
I'm like a manly kid right but because
of that she got me a card so this is
more like an inside joke everything is
Yama stay it's like you know yoga thing
and she said happy birthday Alex the
weirdness in me honors the weirdness in
you I am very very weird thought this
car perfectly sums up our relationship
kitty jumps aside see there you go
you're amazing client individual and so
stoked on the progress you have made you
are constantly pushing yourself not only
a gym but in your nan gym life and I
can't tell you how admirable that is
cheers to the best year yet Sam thank
you so much Sam it actually like I said
you could find a trainer that could tell
you how to work out but it's hard to
find one that keeps you motivated and
that that you
excited to go workout with every day
into to work with so thank you Sam for
that and now i'm gonna try to figure out
stuff to do remember de luca's ear here
we go did you say hey wake up I said hey
what's up oh these today wake up sound
like wake up maybe I brought out weird
right now it's his birthday videos guys
we're going to the birthday time we're
going to cut stay in brentwood I
originally wanted to go to Nobu in
Malibu but they were all I'm a
last-minute kind of guy so when I called
reservations they were already full
which is fine just can't see is really
good too they're both playing my
favorite sushi places i'm just i'm
dreaming sushi yeah I am too i'm gonna
put sushi in my pussy yeah
she cares about her cookie boy to be
sisters and alex's and Abby's card
vote Sierra and thank you for this oh my
question and
they know that I my GoPro gun was broken
in Hawaii GoPro set a brand new one
eddakath it steeps stolen so they heard
me talking about that and they got me
the brand new GoPro which is super
awesome because if they didn't I was
going to get myself one so thank you so
much for this beautiful right I feel
beautiful cheers I was out the new
camera yeah this is the one that Jack
yes yeah
Oh
look who joined us I came from oh he
came on my mom okay Cheers I said he
came for he said he came for you cheers
we got Alex
done go to back the 26 let's go 26 26
my sister just pointed out she can see
the back of my screen that because I was
backlit over there you guys couldn't see
me that was all black so i'll have to
just face this way every time i blog
at least is because then I turn black
Gobert
make a wish yeah I made a wish
you got the drinks are on me in a few
minutes we've already clocked out you
should pass over
throwing yourself in the afternoon that
my birthday is done sooner out
and just why you're
yeah i got you really great
saturday i'll see it okay
which is here
hey
female e with
hashtag Alex
I'm getting pretty
cheers yeah for the brother thank you
I
so I love myself
Keela
okay guys why my son was super exhausted
I need to go to bed i am fra i'm tired i
do got to say that i was reading the
comments from the drink video i did the
birthday cake shot one that I made and
you guys seem to love it and that's
honestly what I wanted to go forward the
direction I want to push the drinks
channel was more if you guys haven't
seen you can check it out to see what
I'm talking about but more in the sense
that it's seemed like it's setting
driven and comedic and it's not only
about the drink like you could watch it
be entertained regardless of whether you
want to learn to make the drink or not
that way if you watch a drink video you
don't need to care about the drink but
if you do you can learn how to make a
really good drink so kind of gives you a
little bit of like a partial I wouldn't
even call it a sketch but to kind of
sketchy just an idea and then a drink
with it so I think that works but yeah I
had a great birthday and that's all I
got so I hope you guys enjoyed and I'll
see you guys again soon goodbye not
further ado my new gun some you got it
right is an ak-47 it's all blacked out
tactical magpul furniture ak-47 it's
good stuff good stuff cannot wait to
shoot this bad boy
