hey guys I'm starting this blog solely I
had so much stuff i needed to do it was
so my vlog has been up like my other one
from yesterday what's up you probably
wondering why I was up so late it was
like up all day but I couldn't put the
description or anything to make it go
live because I was running around and it
seriously now is the first time that I
could i literally just put it up right
now and it is 10 after 7pm and i Jes
able to put the blog up why why even put
it up that time but I did because I had
it and we're gonna we're gonna make a
vlog happen today because I'm determined
hi Jake nice balls ball ball nice ball
ball I was talking about your scrotum so
I we got it we got it we're still gonna
have a fun time we're still gonna have a
great time I just like it's been such a
mess such a freaking mess all day so now
let's start let's just let's just deep
breath relax it's a new day today
Brandon is here now hello finally yeah
we're gonna head over to target to get
some stuff for a drink video so that I
have a drink video that goes up it's
actually already up guys I know that
we're cuz we're gonna we're gonna do it
tonight and it's up for my birthday so
go check it out i put the description
the link in the description below we
didn't even go get the stuff for it yet
I'm already telling you it's already
there that's because of so sure of
myself that we're going to have one that
we we're gonna go to target now get the
stuff we need for it so go go click on
that link it's my birthday well it's not
technically yet for me but for you guys
right now it's it's my birthday we're in
target now trying to figure out where
the birthday section is cuz it's my
birthday and I want birthday hat
do we're just wondering should we figure
it out she asked someone following you I
don't know where we're going we're
leaving your fault we're walking next to
each other they have a hamburger you
don't a hamburger wait is this a
hamburger this is a hamburger spot who
who who makes this and says you know
what would be a really good idea like a
hamburger with legs and like a little
smile just smoked a lot of weed for that
we got we got this this stuff birthday
stuff but I need had a last-minute idea
of her picture I wanted for Instagram
because I want to use that picture to
announce what gun i got so you guys know
which one I bought myself for my
birthday and see which one of you guys
got it right we're looking for I need
some bubble bath soap bubble bath soap I
don't know where to find that we're go
we're gonna find it okay they have a few
if spongebob yeah um frozen good that's
good good I'll attract all the little
girl holy shit soap in a bottle and then
you know let it go let it go we're
getting frozen both that it's officially
midnight and it's my birthday this is so
crazy we're gonna shoot the drink video
stuff it's my birthday
all i want for you guys is you know your
support and i already have it so i don't
need anything from you guys we're about
to shoot this drink video though so I
know it's up now so now there's
definitely a link down that description
to this drink video it's definitely
check it out ready to shoot let's do it
let's do it let's do it that drink video
is now exporting yeah we finished it so
I'm happy about it not gonna lie we just
had to shoot it twice because the first
time was great except I accidentally had
my camera in super low resolution for
some reason and so when I was putting it
up when I was editing it was super small
and I was like oh no so we shot a second
time and it turned out just as great so
I'm still happy and now I want to get
that Instagram picture that I had the
idea about someone do that we need that
right there in some bubble bath yeah
yeah it's going down about three
quarters away full start adding this
mobile bath
oh yeah
I just kind of mix that around my hand
now get some mad bubbles going on in
here I know that Harvey is comfortable
out here oh you got up you were on the
pillow you were on the pillow bud you
can still sit and hang out you enjoying
yourself right now yeah i'm watching
jackass over here and jackass right here
oh yeah I'm jackass number two and so is
that that's jago's to
RV
I told you guys that on my birthday I
would show you guys the gun i bought so
i just took the Instagram picture right
now which is going on Instagram tomorrow
but today for you guys it's up there at
Alex Mandel on Instagram I want it's
it's my birthday post it better get a
lot of likes I'm going to cry then I get
a lot of you guys want to watch me cry
so anyway that further ado my new gun
some you got it right is an ak-47 it's
all blacked out tactical magpul
furniture ak-47 it's good stuff good
stuff cannot wait to shoot this bad boy
oh yeah son I'm excited so there you go
that's what I got still want to go buy
more I don't know why probably cuz i'm
addicted to buying guns but i love that
gun and i wanted i'm dying to go shoot
it I'm excited okay guys well that's all
I got for you for today I hope you guys
enjoyed watching make sure you go check
out a drink video I haven't I probably
told you way too many times and I can't
wait to vlog shooting that ak-47 for the
first time I'm so excited when I got it
those you who got it right give yourself
a pat on the back because you got it
right maybe even like a purple sticker
or something or like a star dinosaur
really like a dinosaur how about that
well anyways guys it's my birthday
technically today now I could say it's
today and you could say it's today for
watching so yeah happy birthday to me
and on that note what time is it it's
three thirty in the morning it's time
for me to go to bed i got the gym in the
morning so i will see you guys again
soon goodbye i scooped out all the
remaining watermelon and now there's
only one thing left to do
yeah super watermelon man all you're
gonna say suck it suck it watermelon man
Brandon's almost here it's coated now
