hey guys it's a new day we finished
filming we're done it went so amazing I
loved it I thought it was hilarious so
that it was just a great experience
everything is pretty much back to normal
it's a very dirty everywhere but it's a
cake because that we cleaned up by
tomorrow it's just now it's just dirt
it's not like it's tough so it's okay
like I actually slept here last night
which is great to be in my bed yeah now
I'm super excited because I'm gonna go
head over and pick up Harvey hold on I'm
miss Harvey and I know he misses me
cause it he doesn't that's and I wanna
be really sad but he does miss me
you told me he said yeah I mean I miss
you come get me I was gonna go get him
and today I'm picking up my new uh my
new gun so you guys can I'm gonna go do
that in a little bit so I'm excited
today's a good day we'll finish filming
picking up Harvey picking up the new gun
which is my birthday gift to myself and
yeah let's just let's have a good day
I'm just pulling up now to pick up
Harvey mr. Harvey's inside and I want to
get him cuz I miss him
and on the whole ride here a lot of you
guys who watch me on you-now kept me
company so thank you and with this is
what this is what happens here you guys
can go ahead say whatever you want to
the vlog yay yay hello hello well well
thank you guys thank you for they're all
saying hi and stuff and everything there
we go
so yeah so that's what I've been doing
on my drives now I go on you now you
just follow me on there so you know not
calm slash Alex Mandel if you want to
and we do these live chats while I'm
driving it's Alex while driving that way
I could just have it attached there I
don't need to touch it and just talk
makes the drive seem a lot quicker I
like it but now it's time to go get
Harvey so I'm gonna head on Anna grandma
I'm back at my place and look
hey hey you stinky man what are you
eating you eat what's in your mouth
what's your mouth I'm reaching your
mouth I'm reaching it what is in there
what is in there
hello can I have whatever it is oh it's
a piece of tape that's rolled up it
looks like if I stick this in your lip
it looks like you're smoking a joint
joint smugger tape anyway I went there
and I I also realized I have some
letters and packages I haven't open you
opened from you guys yet you guys have
sent me some packages and stuff that if
you look in the description below
there's an address to my peal box though
I don't check it super often but when I
I do try to check it as often as I can
but I have some packages I realize I
never opened and they've been sitting in
for so long so we're just gonna open
them right now I almost walked over here
I also picked up my new gun and I
realized I'm gonna keep it a secret
because it is my birthday present to me
so I'm only gonna open it on my birthday
and you guys can comment below and tell
me exactly what type of gun you think it
is you have to guess what type of gun it
is so go ahead and comment okay let's
open I'm just gonna open a couple
letters and coke packages and and we'll
see this first one I don't want to show
cuz they have their addresses on it and
I want to be keeping seeking this first
one is from Brian twine you've got
staples in here to super secure hi Alex
I wrote you last year and I still watch
your vlogs a lot I was wondering if I
can get a shirt because I have no money
and I'm only 11 years old if you can get
me a shirt that'd be awesome
please send it to the address I put on
the front you know what I have some
shirts left I haven't really been
signing them because I have the mustache
on him and I
kind of stuffed up but you know what
Ryan I will send you a shirt I've always
liked when I was younger I was always
hoping there was a letter for me and
there never was
because who sends mail to a kid so now
it gives me such like a cool reason to
to get mail this when you guys open up
another letter this one's from Sarah
Owens Sarah I actually see tweet me a
lot and comment and so thank you night
now here's a letter from you so I'm
gonna open it up dear Alex I went to
your website in hopes of buying an A
Team hat but all you sell our shirts I
want an 18 hat like the one I've been
seeing you wear recently a couple Robins
blogs you always seem to be so smiley
and happy you're truly an awesome guy
thank you for sharing bits and pieces of
your life with us my name is Sarah and
I'm soon to be 23 watching applause
makes me happy and inspired by the time
Harvey oh by the way
Harvey is huge what happened to that
tiny Q puppy then I know I asked this
I'm wondering the same thing but I think
he's still cute he's still it's kind of
so happy haha he's still adorable though
he is thank you said if I'm ever in
Santa Monica or LA I hope I run into you
say hello and thanks in person and let
let me know what's up with the scoop on
the a-team hats well you put your email
here so Sarah I am trying to figure out
a cheap way to make the hats because I
could sell the hats that the way I get
there but I literally had to pay like
over $50 for the Hat and I don't want to
charge you guys $50 for the hat I would
actually have to charge more because of
shipping so I'm trying to find a company
right now that'll make the same hat the
same 18 that I have for cheaper that way
if I can get it made for like you know
maybe $20 I that I can hopefully sell it
for you know I'm not trying to make I'm
not really trying to make money off them
I just want a way to to be able to give
you guys something cool and not have you
you know kill your wallet by paying so
much money so if I could figure that out
it definitely definitely will I'll look
up some companies of you guys have
recommendations you get that mean - -
but Zack now will go on to the first
package are these are these pills no
this is from joy lab this gum this joy
labs smile bye smile make someone smile
and feel awesome when you buy joy lab
it'll provide school supplies to
children in need for a better education
the future around the u.s. in the world
that's cool as it's bigger its says you
are dope
thank you all the compositions in our
tickle smiles cuddles summer breeze
snuggles laughter Kate giggles kisses
giving joy and happiness awesome I will
eat this gum and I hope that even though
I didn't buy this he was so good lies in
my name thank you for this 211 that's
cool this one it has phone numbers on it
and address on it side up try not to
show that but it is a cool like parcel
from I was just looking at it I'm gonna
hold it down here I'm like scared to
show you other people's addresses and
stuff I don't want to do that
but this is from a little totally
pronounces wrong well it's just the name
is C sundar Rashad sundar Bravo Sean
it's from Madurai India India India this
is what is this and it's I think it's
sewn it is it's sewn this is cool I
don't want to ruin this how do I I think
there's a box inside do I cut this like
oh come on I'm trying I don't know how
to open this assistant is this the
normal way to send a package in India
yeah Alice hurting me okay whoa I don't
know what it says I'm the even on the
tape let's I have keys I'm excited you
know this is almost feels like a nerd
the early birthday present my birthday
is technically tomorrow for you guys
because you guys see this tomorrow my
birthday is Wednesday September 30th not
be 26 maybe you guys want to send me
some first thing we should do like a
full on mail vlog one of these days this
is the last time I'm opening today but
we'll do a full one is this it this is a
joke
no okay I saw more string and I was like
oh no by having open more muslin mr.
Alex asceticism here too mr. Alex for
the smiley face I like your smiley face
okay what is they I don't get any like
dear Alex this is is it goona gonna I'm
so sorry I don't want to put your name I
feel bad for not being able to pronounce
it just think of me as ignorant and
stupid most people do other side well
I'm big fan of yours I'm so excited to
sin send this poster to you it's a
poster I hope you like it
wait I've created an iPhone pic of app
called trendy pick up I would like to
know if you could do a small shot up I
kind of just did just being on mate I'm
struggling for a breakthrough my life
and hope this app does does it with your
help I would greatly appreciate if you
could help me well I just read that on
here so there's your there's your shout
out see what male bloggers can do it
gives you leg in them and a shout out
so you should send me mail because make
me feel like people care this is cool
it's already it's really good material
Wow whoa whoa
and it has holes to hang it up yeah you
guys know who got it
it's me it's me Wow
thank you is it bad if I hang up a
picture of myself because I want to I'm
gonna hang this out that's all I'm gonna
do for mail right now it's kind of a
thing if you guys enjoyed if you guys
enjoyed watching me open people's mail
to me and I enjoyed why I love to do on
camera but if you guys want to see more
send me mail and we'll do and let me
know if you want to see a full mail vlog
and we could do that but thank you so
much for those you that for the for Ryan
and for Sarah and for good not gonna
hide so bad at that name but thank you
for this a joy laughs thank you for the
gum and the smiles and helping people
around the world so let me know if you
want to see more I happened to be
walking by and I saw Jake pulling into
the driveway which means he's here and
that's good because I'm hungry and I
hope he didn't have dinner because I'm
hungry for dinner and I hope he wants to
have dinner I think he's coming up
quicker hey Harvey Harvey boo where you
go be my fan of the boys Harvey Harvey
Buddha
hey buddy Jake and I realized we had a
watermelon in the refrigerator and I've
been I've been making these little
watermelon slices and it's this come on
soothing to take this like melon baller
thing and just just
oh yeah it's super lik oh that wasn't
that what what are you going wait take
it
ah because I got something green but it
makes it all these like liquidy in there
oh yeah
then go even deeper oh yeah even deeper
oh yeah deeper watermelon is so sexual
in wet Jake just made some orange
chicken yeah and I made all the balls
and then the leftover watermelon I just
put it into the blender so I could turn
it into a juice yeah we're not having
any glass right I'm plastic but it's
just watermelon juice cuz watermelon
juice is good for you
and orange chicken is not so I feel like
maybe we're balancing the balancing
maybe Donuts I scooped out all the
remaining watermelon and now there's
only one thing left to do yeah
super watermelon man about you're gonna
say suck it suck it watermelon man
Braden's of us here it's coated now okay
guys well that's all I got for you
we couldn't end up shooting the drink
video because we couldn't get all the
supplies we needed Brendan's gonna come
out tomorrow so we're shooting another
one it'll go up all I birthday on
Wednesday so tomorrow for you guys make
sure it's up
it hasn't been shot yet so I don't know
how well it went it's gonna go one thing
I'm kind of pissed about though is in my
bedroom here because of all the
production I noticed someone spilt
something and it was never clean look at
the size of that stain on the floor yeah
so what an Amazon and I was looking up
like the best carpet cleaner I could
possibly find I just looked up one with
high reviews and ordered it I don't even
remember the name of it anymore
we'll see if that works if any of you
guys have any recommendations to get a
like a major carpet stain out let me
know because I want to get rid of that
but I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
so I got for you
except see you guys again soon buddy
