hey guys it's a new day we're on the
second day of shooting its second day
second day day to day two we actually
already shot the first thing we need to
shoot we have any more scenes you got to
do which means it's gonna take all day
are you just just moving in so we got to
shoot some more stuff i'll keep you guys
up to as much as I can every time I'm
grateful we'll continue to hang out but
yeah today's gonna be a fun day another
another day second to last a second day
we had yesterday today tomorrow's the
last issue's we're getting allotted
today and I'm excited a lot of funny
things so hey I never introduced you on
here hi this is deal i hi what are you
what do you do you like I'm put hi hi
what do you do you like okay ah in the
show what's your name in the show oh hey
Brandon he plays Brandon in the show who
shoots um my youtube videos yeah Brandon
hello and Jake you hungry it's lunchtime
I'm we should eat they got a good food
for lunch we're gonna go down get lunch
you gonna change shirts you want me to
watch okay honey boo basis
we they set this all up in the garage at
Department everybody
I mean I'm really hungry we just crashed
a little bit more or seems now the next
scene I'll actually be just in Miami I
can tell you why when this is done you
can hopefully see why it sounded so you
know it's this is gonna be definitely an
interesting seeing that he doesn't see
exactly why it's weird but right now
they're setting everything up over there
they got to shoot one of the scenes in
the elevator so they gotta prep that
hold they issued that and this is
exciting i also just missing my
apartment again i can't even sleeker I
don't have a veg statement but it's okay
okay
lady doing it
Alex I don't want to be shy I don't want
you to be shy their neighbors we have
neighbors they don't know you do it oh
my cameras recording some I flogging
water back and get the whole new ha it's
already going little socks we this is
even for the show no we just got showing
up dressed levels I'll doing a breaking
bad thing yeah it's good it's good
really fun working on you this is your
last day today
yeah you know how normally on the roof i
have that like overhang thing if you
don't then it's been in past vlogs but
they took off the cover and they added
these like rope light things with these
they're not all on these ones are not on
but I definitely like the look of it I
think we should keep it makes this whole
place like way more lit up and super
cool and nice look at that tents not
normally that's like the production area
but I think that'd be cool to keep for
my birthday party that's coming up soon
so we're gonna ask them if I could just
like keep it get these off them or
something I don't know I think it looks
good I am completely exhausted right now
I definitely definitely definitely need
to go to bed but I can't sleep here so I
gotta call it over I would take my car
but I don't know where mikey is it's
gone because they're using my card a
shot so they took it today to go get
cleaned and stuff like that and I never
got my key back so I don't have my key
and I need to go to the hotel to go to
sleep so they can wake up and do it all
over again tomorrow today was so awesome
so great i'm excited for all of it I
need to call it zuber I need to get
hotel let's let's head on over the hotel
here we are hotel room this is where i
stayed for this weekend super nice
yeah I mean it's here's the thing it's
nice to stay in a hotel I like hotels
and I don't want this to make me sound
super obnoxious or stuck out but I just
want to be home now this hotel is great
i'm not complaining but you can't beat
home even if the beds more comfortable
which it may or may not be I don't know
but it's just more comfortable to be
home and I have so much stuff in my
place that doesn't just not home right
now I want I want my home back but I am
excited for tomorrow shoot day and then
it'll turn into my home after that again
but that's all I got for you for today
so I'm trying to choose much stuff as I
can while I'm working so I hope you guys
are enjoying what i'm showing you guys
trying to give you as much as I yeah
we'll see we'll see what I can give it
tomorrow we'll do it all over again so
on that note I will see you guys again
soon goodbye why do you like
