hey guys it's a new day today and I'm at
the office right now and I literally
just wrapped up the vlog from yesterday
and I'm uploading it using my iPad so
that you guys see it to go right away
and then we'll continue on today now
it's a new vlog it's a new day and let's
have ourself a good day not sure what's
going on but will I'm bringing you guys
along with me of course you guys have
seen my apartment before because they're
redressing it for the show it's insane
so this isn't much different over here
this is still like kitchen but all this
stuff is set so they can do it but this
is different very different but look at
this you guys know the way my living
room looks I think the beige couch isn't
everything flip the other way and
completely different all of this
furniture and everything is just frosted
with the show it looks different
very different Brennan
what do you think of all this nice new
stuff I love it I love the layout
yeah I think it's fantastic different I
like the floors to be honest and in the
cart off the cart do you like to uh just
a match like a wheel everything this is
my what my monster whoo
is that your monster will yeah too heavy
for you to move yeah yeah the we're
shooting tomorrow first location is
actually not here and then all the rest
the locations are here really in one
location that's not here I'm not sure
that it is but that's the first one we
have tomorrow I should probably check on
that I got to learn lines today tonight
so that I know them and I'll be good
with all of this all around and
everything moved and something that we
still decided to dig out the TV and the
ps4 play some rocket League here oh and
Jake's here too now
hi Hey yeah so we we're just playing on
like at the kitchen the kitchen
you think you boys are sitting a little
closer you can ruin your fishing oh you
can just call me mother and you could
suck on my teats for some extra cold
milk
I did yes
that's weird friend if you say that I
won't say you did you said that I said
that mom Brandon wants to suckle on your
teeth I did not have time to edit this
vlog or even shoot morgue I had to
really learn my lines and I'm still kind
of doing that but I just wanted to we're
gonna we're gonna bring you guys into
the first day of shooting so you guys
can then well this'll just be a first
day of shooting vlog but it's actually
way bigger production and even I thought
I'm gonna take you in CIA's can see a
lot of stuff then we are shooting inside
this bar
one time you got it so yeah this is
what's going on I'll keep you guys
updated as much as I possibly can but it
happens you start to move you counter
the move that way but now we got it for
shooting and you live there just strike
over there yeah so and then you live
there so are you liking this framing
yeah I want to kind of hang here and
keep the frame alive are we fixing the
mic yeah so we're gonna go okay that's
there no it's down here well I got you
can feel me pulling on my hair no I got
a mic up I feel like I'm being
interested we just finished everything
in this location so now we're gonna move
everything back to my I'm inviting
everyone over and shoot a TV show
Department how do how was it what's up
you were awesome what's that pillow for
I don't know
I'd they saw the outfit here hold it so
they could see this happen shoes
Lila's sure look at that babe I think it
really works for me
now it's a little more alive and there's
a lot of people working everything's
getting set up hi
we're sending up we have two more things
that need to be shot today in here and
then we're done for the day and we just
got tomorrow and Sunday to shoot a
little bit all right
but things are going smoothly and I'm
excited and it's been fun so far so I
feel good about it
oh my god hi I'm Jake
as far as I know
instead she went to be out of line
why do you like
thank you
it's the next day now and I wanted to
charge my camera because it was dead
yesterday and the charger was moved
somewhere I had no idea so it couldn't
even charged with battery I still ended
up staying in a hotel because there's no
beds I can sit in here the couch I've
slept on I still have a couch because
everything is being set got turned into
a hair-and-makeup room so I don't I
don't have anything so soft at Hotel boo
right it was still really nice but I
just got back here now and I had like a
spare battery I changed out for that so
I put in the spare battery now hopefully
this can last alter today and then if I
can find my charging by tomorrow I
really need it I'll keep looking for it
today but that's all I got for you for
today we're gonna have another day of
shooting and I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon goodbye if y es is yes what is e y
es if y es is yes what is e y es what is
it
