this is my buddy AJ are you throwing pop
down some poppers at me AJ is a very
talented tattoo artist you're here for
the tattoo convention yes while you're
here we could utilize your skill for
something else I don't have a tattoo my
parents would kill me if I ever got a
tattoo and I think that we can we could
play with that idea they're like really
yeah my dad's at lunch he's gonna come
back let's get everything set up so it
looks like you're giving me a legitimate
tattoo and then we'll just go from there
my actually getting a tattoo
we're pranking your dad but we also
might be pranking you you'll fill right
away for getting a real one or not
though you'll cry and you'll know you
cry with yours
no think your dad's gonna like it how
could you not like it it's like a
tribute to him right do you know that
Bobby is not picking his nose in that
picture he's pointing to his this is
really painful I don't know I don't know
how you do this how do you guys do this
what's going yeah yeah you can talk that
we can just a lot of this gonna be cut
out what are you doing we're filming
it's you
we're doing a video for our Facebook
page people's first time getting a
tattoo
yes I'm an adult I can make a decision
and Butler stupidness nope I don't mean
they're that oh no I mean I can but look
what you can we put it to you it's
Bobby's world how far is this like Oh
can't stop yeah well I'm not happy it's
really hard don't no offense no offense
no offense I think this is a dumb idea
we don't have anyone else to monitor
this mom no yeah tribute to her - no no
more no more
halfway through oh look what he did come
here
Bobby's mom
no you can't he's over halfway through I
can't get rid of it mom I'm angry too
it's sad but you're going she's upset oh
you know what she's crying I hope you're
happy you know what I'm sorry I don't
know who you are and this is an idiot
for mom mom mom mom mom mom mom come
here come here mom it's not real
it's not real it's not real you're
wiping off we're trying to prank you
Howie just prank him oh my god you got
me I know I helped make this it's really
hard to tell somebody what the hell are
you doing that's a stupid idea when
everybody else in the room that's
totally covering with what we think good
idea do you know how people are good I
just made my mom laughs she's okay I
love you what did you just say to me
I'd off-camera she said this I said by
the way if you would have done it I
wouldn't have liked it but I would have
accepted anything you did because I love
you I love you too I'm sorry for scaring
that's okay come high five for that one
boom thanks but you guys should actually
check out his actual artwork and they
can do it see you on your Instagram yeah
what's your Instagram it's gonna be at
slay J tattoo SLA Y J catching it's
right here it's on the screen thanks
guys
