hey guys it's a new day today and I have
something recently planned and that plan
fell through and now you're going to
tell you guys what it is because might
happen on another day but we're still
going to have ourselves a good day I
just realized that I never emptied out
this bathtub and it wasn't just me and
it Harvey do you remember what was in
here you were going crazy if you don't
know what was in that tub with me you
could go to my Instagram and Aleks
myself and see my pictures that I posted
of what I took a bubble bath with wasn't
you Harvey what Harvey what are you
barking at hi good question what are you
building an ark why do i stuff you mom
were talking because of your leaving
stuff all over the place
I don't leave stuff anywhere when you
were here with Brian what about all that
stuff oh I did just film with Brian and
we we left some stuff in your in your
apartment I don't appreciate you leaving
but I wonder what your I'll show you
guys what my dad is talking about Alex
what what is this oh that's my leopard
gecko that's a leopard gecko yep sorry
Alex what what is this
that's my corn snake okay yeah why it
son Alex
sorry that's my Blue Tongue skink oh
yeah there's a blue tongue it does Alex
sorry
that's that's my fault Python you're
white my ball python why can't you wear
underpants like everybody else
Alex oh sorry that's my bread and eat
ranch la actually let me just here come
onto my hand
all right about that kind like gosh Alex
what Oh what is this that my monitor
lizard let me just oh you got to get
them yeah yeah I got know how oh good ok
good ok oh yeah Alex Oh what is it set
my alligator come on bud
sorry see you later alligator
Alex that's not mine sorry are you
I
whose is this whoa whoa oh sorry that's
nice
who are you I I guess we did leave some
stuff around your place some stuff
animals
that's only some of Brian super awesome
animals so you guys could actually go
check out his channel I want to put a
link in the description below so you
guys can check out Brian's channel and
see what he does over there he does some
pretty awesome stuff with a lot of those
animals you see that word I said what
we're rude say today what were just
weird he does often think Brian does
awesome things with what animals with
what animals you're saying that weird
one of the things like animals animals
you think animals animals animals
animals say animals four times animals
animals animals that's poor animals why
are they weird it sounds weird how do
you say it animals tell me this is
different death what okay animals
animals no different there is you can't
hear it you don't say it right Brian
below hey Harvey do music hey oh he's so
frickin clumsy fell between the femurs
he's lying he's fine he's always fine
he's a tank but you know what he stinks
smells bad his nails along he needs a
bath and we are at a growing place right
now however you're gonna you can smell
good oh he's like looking like how are
we bad like really bad I'm sorry like
it's so bad that I don't even want like
occasion here so he's gone getting bad
it shouldn't take Harvey too long to get
Baines but while we were waiting we ran
down to the Adidas store and I picked up
some buddies some brand new ultra booths
my other ones if you saw him a while ago
they're dead but these are the ones and
I love these and if you haven't tried an
ultra boost try it I'm not sponsored in
any way by adidas but it should be
because I love these and every person I
thought to I'm like you should try to
pair of ultras are you all clean now and
you all clean that you ready to go home
yeah if you look happy
I like this bandana they give you your
anybody let's go here we are
bro for the walnut shot
well the sharpest so strong maybe the
dole yeah
is that after you go I was humming we
came out here to Malibu because we got a
pickup mr. pepper little pepper pepper
had surgery today yeah the other thing
she did get spayed she so sleepy we are
into a new day I'm just walking into the
office now well hello got a surprise
today shooting this will be time labs
recognize this handsome guy dad don't
you want more pictures of you in the
office
I want more picture you and your office
I can't no I'll have more me I'm more
room because you keep filling my office
with your faith I don't I don't I see my
face all time I think I see your face
more than you do right now I think
there's no better gift that you can give
a child and yourself and that's what
I've done for you and I was like you're
a gift you may know that was know so it
didn't make sense
awesome and yeah thanks for coming in
doing that so I got an idea
yeah I got a bunch of heart in my car
you want one for your apartment or
whenever definitely that would be so
cific maybe not one of my dad he puts
his pictures everywhere yeah yeah drove
down with a car phone this is love
double this amount I'm trying to drive
back with an empty car if I can so I am
definitely excited to cool let's uh here
Seth you one take the camera forgot you
allowed Nicole over Jagger Edward
Scissorhands well I love that one so now
I got really cool like a clear coat from
a cart like carpet I just love how dark
it is that fight with the vibe vibe here
we go to drink oh that's pretty cool you
know I really love this one
do it sing amazing do it man yeah you
should hundred percent this is so corny
this is so thick thank you so much
course and if they want they can check
out all like these did you post them on
Instagram right yes check out his
Instagram is just Blake Jameson athlete
Davison right yep perfect so you guys
can check it out Instagram you guys see
all this this is so cool I can't wait to
put this up there Bachmann they're so
sick
thank you oh yeah hey guys what guys I'm
work guys hey guess what no I just see
you how about vodka okay yeah yeah
so it's called elation yeah it's have
flavored which is weird that'll smoke
apparently tastes like weed and I don't
even smoke but I'm not opposed to trying
to drink it because there's no what they
called no THC in it
so how can it get high no I'll get drunk
you will get drunk I like them drunk you
do like it just we should put it in the
vapor you know you know what I came in
here to tell you though by the way
that's the finished thing he did up my
desk lyrical but I came in here to tell
you guys something what would be some
time ago I something specific I came
here to tell you that this is the end of
the vlog today oh the day just started
started okay that's it
fuck off you guys having a crack Cola
and relax I'll see you guys good -
goodbye
