hey guys holy bejeezus I'm starting this
vlog so freakin late so what time is it
right now oh my god it's 7 p.m.
why am I starting to telling earlier
today I have my gym which is fine that's
in the morning but after that I've been
prepping because we have this shoot
going all weekend I was doing wardrobe
stuff and then I was like oh my god I
got it I need to put up a dream video
for tomorrow which is actually up today
and it is with Mr Attwood sign that you
guys are gonna love it because I love it
I think it's great I think it's really
funny in the league is down the
description below so you could now that
you click it you guys will enjoy it let
me know what you guys think of the video
I think in case you didn't understand
that the link is down in the description
below it is a video with mr. Roman
Atwood and I think that you guys will
enjoy it's a great one and yeah check
that out but I'm gonna figure out some
fun stuff we can still plug we can still
do today tonight so that we can still
have a full vlog because I would hate to
to let you guys down
cuz you guys always know you guys always
have a way of letting me know when I let
you guys down and it makes me feel
packed so I don't want to let you down
because I don't want to feel down you
just poop did you just poop oh my god
Harvey's charging oh my god you did your
superfast poop walk yeah yeah oh my god
oh my god oh my god crazy man crazy man
okay Jake is home now and I saw this
online I saw people post videos of this
and seeing what the different answers
were and stuff like that it gets kind of
interesting if someone asked Jake what
he thinks the answer to this riddle is
Jake that's audience
ready okay if y es cells yes what does e
y EF spell you do you not have to people
guess yes
and they never guess eyes wait what yeah
I gotta show you the videos have you
guys seen those videos tried that on
your friends and see Jake is a smart one
try it on your friends and see if they
get es or something to think most the
time because you started off with if y
es is yes what is e y es try that on
someone and a lot of people get that
wrong
hi are you are you okay I have a
question I want to ask you yeah okay how
do you spell yes okay so if y es is yes
what is e y es if y es is yes what is
you IES what is it this is like a
comment this is like a YouTube riddle
I'm vlogging you right now by the way
hello so okay if y es is yes what is e y
es okay how do you spell yes okay and
how do you spell eyes no it's like half
the people that get asked she's the
teacher brother
I tried it on Jake it's like it's like
half the people get it and the other
half don't it has nothing to do with
whether you're smart or not it's just
how people process I see guys it works
it's now the next day and I'm only
couldn't continue a little bit into this
day so that we just have it you know
like a full blog is that would be nice I
am driving I don't know if you can see
him because I'm not looking back but mr.
Harvey I'm taking mr. Harvey to to be
looked at to be looked over to be
watched to be taken care of that's when
this for the weekend because I am going
to be shooting all weekend for the new
show and I could just keep him there and
tried to like he'll be barking and then
it's just be difficult I want him to be
looked after and everything and
everything be easy so I'm just taking em
T it looked for them to watch him for
the weekend and then yes I'm on my way
to go do that now I'm gonna miss I'm
gonna miss you for the weekend but I
miss it but and then I'm gonna head to
we have rehearsals to run through some
of the scenes see how they're gonna play
out see what they're gonna look like so
that's at the office so I'm going to do
that right after this
and we'll just we'll we'll do our thing
we we've been doing something we've been
going over some of the scenes rehearsing
some event there's fishy
Abey Abey Abey
Abby can you tell her that I talked
right now because I have roses I said
somebody get jack on the line she's
concentrating are you leaving now
yes bye buddy buddy baby Alex Alex she's
looking all the fish all the FISC ease
you know what the fish are called for
her what what what do you call these
what's the name what's their name she's
not doing it right now
kaka kaka kaka fishies yeah we're gonna
head to lunch now but I'm gonna go ahead
and end this vlog just because I wanted
to go up so I can continue vlogging
today so we have another one for
tomorrow but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching everything is so exciting great
I can't wait to start showing you when
we start filming obviously I can't show
you everything but I'll show you as much
as I possibly can make sure you go in
the description to click the link to
check out the drink video today with
Roman it's a great one check it out I
hope you love it
I know you'll love it let me know that
you love it tell me I'm insecure tell me
that you love it hi dad there you go
lunch it's not my
is this yeah I won lunch
I just had breakfast at 8:30
since breakfast
it's time for lunch
I'll see you guys again soon Mike I made
a homemade condom slingshot with a with
a condom and a toilet paper roll and I
want to show you why we didn't really
have a target so I'm using this this
target can be you want to hold this Jami
so I got some motion in here ready yeah
money shot that's pretty yeah that's it
got you ha ha ha be smells good in here
now can we test it on a person
