hey guys it's a new day today
and I'm filling up for my gas right now
because I'm on my way to go to the table
reef for the new show that I told you
guys about in yesterday's blog and it's
kind of early but I got a good sleep so
I'm ready to go I'm all set I'm excited
so let's do this so we're here at the
table read what what everyone turns when
I do this you could just act like
there's no camera here don't you know
anything about working around cameras I
don't exist well I already started it
hey guys yeah I already started this
we're doing the table rehear so we're
getting everything set up I just got the
camera set up so we can film it and then
I'll let you guys know what what goes on
with it and as much as I could possibly
tell you I made a homemade condom
slingshot with a with a condom and a
toilet paper roll and I want to show you
we didn't really have a target so I'm
using this this target can be you want
to hold this and me so I got some lotion
in here
just like this huh no yeah just right
here ready yeah money shot yeah that's
it got you Oh smells good in here now
can we test it on a person we decided
now to try a human test you want to hold
this again yeah yeah I get it let's get
a good close up
okay close your eyes and money oh hold
on hold on hold on we got it we got it
and money shot oh I don't think there's
enough in here I would get mark you know
I could just how much that's good that's
good man
oh sorry okay there we go can we come
here seeing any clothes there we go
hello Internet okay and I actually think
I think that the first shot was better
because once the condom gets coated with
the lotion it's hard to shoot another
load if you guys decided to try that
just make sure that you guys use a fresh
condom every time because we realized if
you use the same condom more than once
it coats the inside with lotion and make
sure it doesn't make the hit as hard
like when you saw it on my dad's cutout
just really but I wish it was harder the
second time but it was
the hilarious everyone he was laughing
so hard I hope you guys enjoyed that I'm
driving to my chiropractors appointment
now because my neck is still kind of bad
but now while I'm driving I thought I'd
be more productive so I got this clip
and I've been putting my phone here I
don't know if you guys can see and this
is you now I'm streaming live while I'm
driving and hold on let me just turn
here there we go
streaming live while I'm driving and you
know keeping up with you guys and
whenever have long drives I figured
that's the best way to pass time and a
good time for me just to like you know
bonding time for us we're gonna make
dinner now jingle oh and I'm making I'm
over here making some Johnsonville brats
for us we're gonna have some brah chance
teens with some booty Tala kitch right
yeah yeah it doesn't make sense don't
worry I'm not speak English but I'm
making brats cuz they sounded really
good and I we want them to eat dinner's
done it turned out great you're having
fun with that oh yeah yeah are you and
you're right here right now he's a lefty
that's like it's like a special thing
that like works all the muscles in your
arm and your
and your grip strength it honestly is so
hard to hold on to it
yeah but make my stuff like it's like it
gets it's really hard it's like total
flexing of your masturbation muscles but
on that note we're totally gonna Netflix
and chill right now watch some more
episodes of narcos maybe just like one
episode up and then probably call it a
night but my video turn that on I'm just
I'm so hooked and I think we're on like
Episode seven of ten right now so I'm
like worried that we're gonna finish it
soon and then I'll have nothing to look
forward to it yeah what are we gonna do
we'll have to find a new show yeah cuz
I've been enjoying that if you have any
recommendations Netflix recommendations
let me know comment below your Netflix
recommendations because we're gonna need
a new show soon to watch until of course
the second season Marcos comes out time
for bed buddy come on come on in good
boy you can go up if you what you wanna
go up in here boom it's time for bed are
you gonna die you bad Fossey
curl up no wait you hear something do
you hear something
you want me to pitch you well it's time
for bed it's time for us to go to bed I
am exhausted I woke up at about 6:15
this morning so I can get ready to go to
that table read and everything went well
I had a good day I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog because that's all I got for
you and on that note
I'll see you guys again soon goodbye
would you say as we were walking past I
snap it if you jump on that well you
want job
Oh
outside
