hey guys it's a new day today and well
there's a lot of people doing work all
around my my apartment here because
they're prepping for a shoot we're doing
here this week it I think we're starting
Thursday or something I don't know we're
prepping but it's for something that I
haven't really been able to tell you for
the last more than a year I've been
going into meetings and not vlogging
that because I don't want to be like
Intel you can't tell you that happens a
lot on projects I'm not telling you I
hide things from you guys but it's not
really worth me saying something if I
can't say anything for like a year so
now that we're coming close to actually
shooting something for one of the TV
shows this is something that my dad and
I have talked about we wanted to do a
show together because what's what's
greater than having work that I get to I
get my job would be to spend time with
my dad not a lot of people have that
with their parents so we got to be great
we we have a show we are doing together
and it's not reality not a reality show
it's more it's it's actually soft
scripted sitcom which is great and we're
not really I don't know who's taking yet
or whatever is going on I'll give you
more details as i get them but i know
that we start shooting around thursday
and i'll keep you guys behind the scenes
so you should show you some cool stuff
and keep you guys as in the loop as i
possibly can i know we got like a table
read tomorrow i have to go through
wardrobe stuff so we'll be checking that
it's been kind of hectic now i can kind
of clue you in on a few things so i'm
excited for it and i hope you guys are
excited to see more things to come as I
get to share more things with you guys
hey miss you Jake where are we going
right now we're going to costco cuz go
cuz once cuz we're gonna eat samples yes
and we're gonna get stuff for the house
yeah cuz right now my apartment is empty
it's void of food
I don't store food at my apartment
because when I was living there alone I
didn't want things every time I thought
I could like buy something and I'd be
like oh I'm just gonna eat this you
would end up going bad and I felt very
wasteful so I only bought what i was
gonna eat but now that he's here we can
buy stuff too like both eat and snack on
and it won't go back so in this parking
lot is tough hey cars i'm gonna crash
into you because i'm vlogging all
driving whoa this guy out here is crazy
there's costco time to get our our food
on I just want samples I that's like my
favorite part of costco I don't I don't
even think we'd get anything else want
buy things in bulk yeah that's it we
should just buy like like bulk tv5 TVs
yeah 12 well we're not gonna get that
we're just gonna get probably Baker's
dolls enough dozen of TV yeah flat
screen Jake your big boy now getting
your Costco membership I realized mine
expired so I gotta get a new one
ya gotta be good I kind of big smile
Jake your funny face one two and three
welcome to the club I'm in the club yeah
i'll show you guys like picture there's
me I want to see yours there's you
apparently got here at a time where all
the samples are closed so now we just
need to assume what these things taste
like and biome but we we should have
what this is just left when there's no
sample we still need food if I mean uh
that we do from kuba yeah it's bra oh
they got meets upon meets upon meet
weird put meat in our mouths would you
say as we were walking past I snap it if
you jump on that well you I'm job
Oh
I'm sorry we're back we have groceries
everything's good ready to live I also
want to tell you guys right now in the
in the description below you'll see a
link to today's drink video with Steve
kardynal he's a great guy good friend of
mine I like this video the drink tastes
amazing and I know you guys will agree
if you make it so definitely go check
that out do it a like or subscribe to
the channel if you're not let's let's go
up plus like I told you before if we get
100,000 subscribers on the drinks
channel I go on a date that you guys
control live with Brittany so that would
be that way we should get out fast well
links on the description so check it out
and let me know what you guys think it's
that time again for Jake and I'd and
Netflix and chill yeah watch some narcos
Harvey's getting all fancy pants right
now oh yeah smack that booty I'm excited
to watch this definitely gotta say I
love that show we just watched two
episodes and now I gotta get to bed and
I gotta get some rest because tomorrow's
our table read so we can with I think
there's gonna be like 20 people there
20-30 people i don't know there's a lot
but we're doing the table ready tomorrow
for those of you that don't know before
I ever did youtube one of the things I
did was I was an actor was an actor
since I was young everything from
community theater to even when I went to
college I was a theater major I've been
a regular multiple shows so yeah I've
done youtube for a long time so it's
gonna be I mean I've done TV I did deal
with it I was co-hosting that but to go
back into an acting role it's been a
little bit so I'm excited same to look
forward to something I want to share
with you guys so it'll be cool
definitely be cool I have been a regular
on the sitcom before so it's going to be
you like getting back into it I don't
know we'll see we'll see how it is i'm
excited for it though we'll see what
happens with it and we'll see where it
goes from here and yeah but as for today
that's all I got for you so make sure
you click on that link below in the
description for the drink video is Steve
kardynal cuz that's worth watching if
you want to see more of me but for now I
will see you guys again soon goodbye I
wanted to play with the blue laser a
little more i took a cork and i wanted
to see if it can make it all the way
burn all the way through the cork so
right now it's hard to see then we keep
it here so that means right it is but i
don't know how long it will take to get
all the way through we'll see if it goes
through
