hey guys it's a new day today and I just
took a shower but I didn't put anything
in my hair because cherished love is
coming over right now she's literally
coming up the elevator today I'm getting
a haircut Jake is getting a haircut here
at the apartment I'm happy because I
need one I want one and it's time to get
one so she'll be up here in a second and
okay I'm gonna get here could i RV
you're gonna get bit Harvey needs to
learn space from other dogs I like it's
it's good when he's with a smaller dog
who will not do much damage to him but
at least teach him who needs to keep his
distance
you're doing good Harvey that's good
there you go getting used to it let's
see
he wants to sniff up hard he's all about
that but oh let's see
Harvey you need to give some space oh
you're gonna get a bit Wow now who's
handling it oh there we go
Harvey's a beast he can handle whatever
he just needs to learn that he needs to
give some space yeah you are
hi cherish you're on camera now
they're getting a lot they're just
they're testing water to it but okay
whoa what are you doing Ella you guys
are being good now yay
are you guys friends yeah hey NOLA come
here now you guys are behaving I see
that that tail wagging there good now
they just need a little bit of
orientation time that's all hardly meets
or any other dog because Harvey is just
a pain he loves to sniff underneath
their legs and stuff but now they're
playing that's good while I get a
haircut it's now my turn I figured I
would broadcast the whole thing live on
you-now I'm gonna start with you now a
lot more hey hey hey I thought you were
just doing good hey sit can you sit
they were just doing good whatever
anyway here's tears Oh Harvey yeah
Harvey not okay buddy not okay not okay
there we go haircuts complete check it
out check it out yeah I like it
I feel something there guys I just got
to clean up my beard now that I got a
haircut and I look all Russian good to
go
my parents shut up hello yeah you're my
parents what is this for for my blog
you know that's you now this is vlog
he's confused I wanted to play with the
blue laser a little more I took a cork
and I wanted to see if it can make it
all the way burn all the way through the
cork so right now it's hard to see then
we keep it here it is but I don't know
how long it will take to get all the way
through we'll see if it goes through the
laser can get pretty hot so I'm giving
the laser a little bit of a break and
we'll continue it's only been about a
minute minute and a half like that but
the hole is pretty prominent and I stuck
this in as far as it goes
and then I marked when it focuses you'll
see that little black mark right there
with a sharpie so I could see how far
down it went so with this sharpie there
let's see about well pretty much halfway
right now so when the laser cools down
because I don't want to have to blow up
on me we'll try it again we'll leave it
for about another minute half so you can
melt it all the way through that'd be
pretty cool well at least I'm I think
it's interesting
it's coming through I see it
well the end here's the hole does go
through both sides
is that braid it was kind of
anticlimactic but I wanted to do it Jake
and I decided to kind of pretty much
finish off the night watching a show
that I just recently starting so good
narcos Pablo Escobar is a scary man
that's what I gotta say it's a good show
that you should watch us on that place
is it bedtime yeah yeah he just gets on
the bed and claims it like it's his
there is yours yours that's also my
buddy
yeah we just finished watching a few
episodes of narcos really good can't
wait to watch more intense but that's
all I got for you for today I feel so
fresh and soaked and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and that's all I got
for you
so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye and I figured I'd bring out this
blue laser to show them what it can do
this is actually you guys didn't see it
but this is actually take two because
the first one was kind of a fail I don't
really have too many dark colored
balloons and if you don't have a darker
blue and the blue laser kind of goes
through it it needs to hit it in order
to start burning so hopefully this works
let's see
that actually it took longer a lot of
times it's really quick but because it's
not as dark it took a little bit longer
but it's still cool to be able to pop
things of this and burn things we just
burned a bag - it's fun toy
