it's a new day today I'm about to head
to the gym but the hardest thing every
morning is not me waking up to go it's
waking up this guy Harvey come on come
on come on come here
please I'm gonna leave you leave me the
room RV for real now man I guess I just
leave you there every morning he's like
you know I'm not getting uh fine lazy
dog he's closing his eyes now again look
who came by to keep me company
what are we oh hold on I'm gonna go here
because that backlight is making you
black not that there's anything wrong
with that well yeah like it'd still be
like that would be like an ongoing thing
forever because it's so true yeah we
were discussing ways that we could
actually catch this package sleep and
this awkward saw outside that's so loud
you guys have been suggesting in
yesterday's vlog different ways that we
could possibly do it we can also hide a
GPS and do my idea to hide just show it
into a backpack and then one of you said
so a speaker into it or some sort of
remote alarm so when I'm near it I can
make a really loud sound so that I know
where it is and I can catch up
Wow Oh blast a good song just like
something ridiculous he has some Miley
Cyrus just something absolutely
ridiculous I think that could be a fun
idea I think we should we're gonna
continue and we're gonna try to we're
gonna try to catch this guy we will
catch him but we got to think of a more
clever way to do it because now he just
stole my a GPS tracker so I just gave
one more thing to steal
is
yeah so keep the camera girl it's a
camera are you gonna be famous well to
run today you guys should go check out
the newest drink video and it happens to
be with Megan and it was a good it was a
good video and a good drink he was
losing this is great timing that I
showed up yeah he happened to be in my
blog and on my drinks channel in the
same day so yeah the link is down in the
description below
Max's yeah he is uh I was just gonna say
he's like channeling Jesus there we go
Lord and Savior Christ there he goes
Jesus is in the juice apartment so the
link to the Drake video is in the
description below make sure you go check
it out let me know what you guys think I
think it's a really good one
think of it it's really good yeah okay
good max you enjoyed I think I'm ready
for a nap there's something
are you a butterfly oh look at that
butterfly that's a big butterfly look
hey Blaire boy how are you trying to go
play we're live on you-now right now
everyone go ahead and say your hellos
I'll let her focus there we go yeah yeah
boom boom boom boom write it write it
write it and we're actually kind of
doing like a live Alex my mouth drinks
in here but making the drinks I've
already made on the channel we just did
bananas in pyjamas which is what I did
with Josh Elkin and now we're doing the
semi toast crunch shot which is the one
I did with Brittany Smith make sure you
also check out the new drink video again
telling you again down the description
below that I did with Megan Tommy yeah
you but let's let's take this cinnamon
toast crunch shot yeah Cheers
take it out like medicine that makes you
happy
this is this aftertaste is the most like
simon toast crunch right now you'll
taste it yeah do you good I think never
actually has too many looks gross it
looks back on real girl well it's like a
weird colour fireball with a white rum
chata tastes good though and I figured
I'd bring out this blue laser to show
them what it can do this is actually you
guys didn't see it but this is actually
take two because the first one was kind
of a fail I don't really have too many
dark coloured balloons and if you don't
have a darker balloon the blue laser
kind of goes through it it needs to hit
it in order to start burning so
hopefully this works let's see
that actually it took longer a lot of
times it's really quick but because it's
not as dark it took a little bit longer
but it's still cool to be old pop things
of this and burn things who just burned
a bag - it's a fun toy everyone is left
now and Jake got home he went to bed and
so now I just got hit he's tired you're
pooped you're already done for the day
Harvey so I got a edit this edit the
drink video that is already up with
Meghan it's already up for you guys but
I'm saying I got ahead of that right now
cuz I I had I didn't finish that one
that wasn't one that I did on that on
the ride back from New York I didn't get
to it so I'm gonna do that right now
it's kind of late see it's ten after
4:00 a.m. and I'm gonna get to work now
so that I can have videos for you guys
and then I'm gonna get to bed because
I'm pretty tired so on that note that's
all I got for you guys let's continue to
have great time like we always do and
and then that note I will see you guys
again soon goodbye I'm on I'm on the
chase now to find this guy I'm driving
to Venice won't take me too long and
then we're gonna look for the package or
the jam box we hid in there and we're
gonna we're gonna catch him oh my god
this is exciting I've never been more
excited for a stolen package Oh
oh my god I really hope that this this I
really hope we find him oh my god
this is let's do this this is a rush
this is a rush right now tell me you're
not excited about this I'm excited
