hey guys if you've been watching my
vlogs you know that all the packages
that I order mysteriously go missing but
I don't think it's very mysterious I
think that it's someone stealing my
packages
and I want to catch that person I bought
this little tracking device here that's
gonna help me catch who's ever stealing
the packages in order to make this more
legit I took one of my Amazon packages
that I'm going to use and I looked for
something that he might like inside of
it so I found a mini jambox case that I
have here's the tracking device I put
some paper towels so that it doesn't
really move around I can just tuck this
right here put this over the top that
way you can't tell that there's anything
in it and then I could put a jam box or
I could just put this on top like this
and tape it shut that way he'll take it
with him hopefully when he takes this
it'll notify me on my phone that he has
stolen it and we could track him down
and catch this guy I just taped this
side and that side shut that way it
won't come off
and it's got some pretty decent weight
to it anyway so I think that it'll be
pretty believable so I'm going to go
ahead and pack it in my Amazon box leave
it down there and hope that I actually
hope this one gets stolen that way we
can catch we can catch me catch them I
put a little bit of black tape there to
seal this box I'm not going to show the
top because it still shows my address
but here's the package we're about to go
set it downstairs and wait for it to gue
be on the move I just went to the gym
it's the next morning now and the
package is gone and I'm checking it
right now and I'm in Santa Monica the
package is in Venice it's been stolen
it's giving me an address the address is
a little bit off probably but let's go
here we're gonna go to check out the map
let's see where it's blinking there we
go it's in Venice by Muscle Beach on the
boardwalk okay so I got to go there um
it says on my what's it called
I have this same app on my phone so I'm
gonna take this go there I'm not going
to proach it myself because I'm not
about to get in a fight but I'm gonna
see if I get the police to go as well
and let's catch this guy oh my god I'm
excited come on I'm on the chase now to
find this guy I'm driving to Venice
won't take me too long and then we're
gonna look for the package or the jam
box we hid in there and we're gonna
we're gonna catch him oh my god is
exciting I've never been more excited
for a stolen package Oh
oh my god I really hope that this this I
really hope we find him oh my god
this is uh let's do this this is a rush
this is a rush right now tell me you're
not excited about this I'm excited we're
out here on a Venice Boardwalk now I'm
gonna walk the rest I think I know where
it is I'm walking down to where where it
was beeping on the map I've been
checking on my phone so hopefully we see
it down there I hope I hope that the box
like the jam box box is down there so
that I could recognize who took it let's
see
I'm right where it says it is right next
to Muscle Beach but I need to look for
the jam box box or something I don't
know if it's hidden I'm walking around
just a casually looking into everyone's
pile and seeing what if I could see it I
know now that it's not gonna be in the
box it's not going to be in the in the
jam box because the tracking device they
tried to turn it off but they
accidentally just hit the panic button
which gives me more notifications so
they're not hitting the power button
they're hitting the panic button which
is stupid but at least it's still on and
it's in the area but now I can't I'm not
looking for a big box I'm looking for a
small device now I'm kind of beat myself
up over the fact that I had such a small
device oh I'm just looking for I'm
waiting for someone so I pull it out and
try to play with it or see what it is
cuz go on so we'll see it's now been
more than an hour and the package has
moved three times so I've been tracking
it to see and I don't want to speak too
loudly because it's right around this
area and I don't know who has it but
it's somewhere here I don't know we'll
see it's been a while I've been live
tweeting this whole thing so training
beber update I've had a few suspects and
then it and then it moves and no one
near them so I have to keep looking I
just talked to those cops right there
about what's going on and they said that
what I'm trying to do is going to be
next to impossible
I've already been having for almost
three hours he's like I doubt the
person's gonna take it out of their bag
of their pocket and nothing can be done
until you physically see it because my
mistake that I made it's totally my
fault I wanted to so the tracking device
into like a secret pocket in a backpack
or something something that some would
use that way when I go to look for it I
see a big item like a backpack you can't
hide a backpack in your pocket and they
won't know there's a tracking device I
rushed it because I really was just like
excited to do this and I just put the
tracking device into a box like into the
jam box thing that I was I made a
package with it he took the tracker out
which is only like this big
so I doubt I'll be able to find that I'm
gonna continue to track it the battery
lasts about 14 days my phone is about to
die so I have to go home to charge it
anyway and then we'll see if he's on the
move later and we could try it but for
now I'm kinda out of luck
back at my place and I fully charged my
phone so that I can go back out on the
hunt and I was hoping that they didn't
ditch the device which I know now that
they didn't because now you just sat in
Venice so I didn't think anything was
going to happen but now it currently
says that it's going down Lincoln
Boulevard at about 33 to 35 miles per
hour so I'm gonna start heading down
Lincoln Jake's about to get here so Jake
and I are both gonna go on the hunt now
and hopefully follow this bleep on the
map this is this has turned out to be a
lot harder than I thought this guy has
been taking us on a road Jake is joining
the hi and we stopped off to get some
food because he was on the metro but now
he's all the way in Long Beach which
means he comes from Long Beach to Santa
Monica just to steal my packages and he
stole it at like 7:00 in the morning
what I don't know so I don't want to
drive all the way to Long Beach it's
pretty far for me so we're gonna wait
till his tracker thing stops on an
address pass it off to police and
hopefully we can go from there maybe we
could try this again put out another
package and this time hide it in
something bigger so be easier to find
him if he goes to Venice or something I
don't know I just I can't keep buying
these trackers the expensive but we'll
see what happens I tracked him all the
way to Long Beach so now I just I and
then I tweeted the Long Beach PD Long
Beach Police Department told them what
was going on and they tweeted me back
and they gave me a number I need to call
for non-emergencies so I'm going to call
now
we will tell them what's going on yeah
on Twitter I guess your Twitter account
you told me to call this number I have a
package that was stolen from me from
Santa Monica but I had a GPS tracker
yeah okay okay great thank you
it is do you say you heard about what
was going on I just talked to the
sergeant
and there's not very many options we
have because you can't go to someone's
house without a warrant and you can't
just knock on a bunch of doors because
he's in an apartment complex I don't
know which one he's in it's not going to
work like that we're going to figure it
out maybe I'll do another decoy package
with a camera so I could try to see him
and then give a picture to the sergeant
and then they can go knock and say do
you know who this person is he said
that's a possibility so maybe I'll try
to figure that out the package hunt
isn't going to stop but it's a it's it's
on a break for this moment so that's
where we're ending right now I hope you
guys enjoyed watching
unfortunately I'm probably more bummed
than you are that we didn't catch it
even though I know you guys wanted me to
as well but it is what it is and I hope
you guys enjoy it anyway and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye
look who's here these weighs like sixty
five pounds oh wow he's like galloping
towards you oh you're gonna have to
climb up eat he's gonna get you
