hey guys is a new day today and I'm
sitting here with Brandon I'm back I
don't know if I may be that you or not
you're not your anything about that guy
am i yeah that guy up there and we're
gonna we're gonna shoot some cool stuff
today trying to shoot some more drink
stuff and everything but we'll see what
happens I don't know I just
we we're gonna try to do maybe the GPS
tracking thing I don't know what we're
gonna do but we're gonna have fun right
now we're heading to lunch and I think
you guys know probably having a good
idea of where we might be going there
goes the Train that's the train that
they're testing it right now it's going
back and forth they're putting a train
from Santa Monica to downtown LA and
they're just testing it now so we're
getting these that's why those gates are
going up super cool I think it'll be
awesome to be able to go to downtown not
have to sit and crazy traffic and then
you can even take we do have a subway
you could even take the subway from
downtown into Hollywood and drink it
stuff you don't have to drive so slowly
but surely they are making our transit a
little bit better well currently the
Korean barbecue place that's where we
were gonna go is closed at 3:00 and they
reopen at 5:00 I just wanted Korean
barbecue what a fail what a fail we're
back at my place now and I just we just
figured out a way to hide the GPS
tracking device in a specific thing in a
package we're making it I'm gonna make
it a separate video so that it's just so
you guys don't have to watch like a full
vlog and then oh someone took it because
then people would understand so I'll let
you know when we find the guy or when
something happens on the vlog and then
I'll let you know when we're gonna put
together that video so that we can see
the whole thing through the whole
process putting the package together
putting it out getting stolen and then
finding this this person hopefully so
I'm excited for it I think with there's
this good chance we'll catch them right
I hope
we're gonna catch him and then we're
gonna carve apart deal we're gonna send
Carvey Harvey
yeah and Harvey's gonna hump the shit
out of him or her but I'm assuming it's
a him because I think I know which
homeless guy it is because I've seen him
with my double rifle tactical case so
hopefully we catch him well Jake is home
from work mr. Jake fixed brandon has
been playing rocket League with me you
like it yeah and we are watching vh1's
streamys right now I want to see if
pussy takes home show of the year that's
what I'm going for for show the year
we'll see I'm watching it live right now
on vh1 Streamy Awards Oh fouseytube took
show of the year green tea green tea
that's just green tea or as I say on his
a hole is a hole if it's just a hole
you deserve it bro Lucy I hope only the
you go up from here more and more
success congratulations I just wanted to
say that here on my blog I don't even
know if he's watching her but you
deserved it Lucy I'm going downstairs
now and pick up a very pretty friend of
mine will see her in a second he's
weighs like sixty five pounds oh wow
he's like galloping towards you oh
you're gonna have to climb up he's gonna
get you
I'm getting you a suit eating what do
you say what do you say no go ahead say
right now I can't wait for you we
decided to go on you now sir on it now
yeah it looks like I'm on someone else's
because you're on it but you're right
here no we're on mine he's skateboarding
oh now you can go he's distracted he's
distracted there you go oh he will
attack Harvey wants to it wants to
skateboard as well here I'm gonna show
the chat you guys want to talk to you
guys my talk to the vlog I will I will
vlog you get ready and here it goes I'll
let it focus there we go
yeah I blog my blog yay
so make sure you follow me on you now
it's just Alex Mandel and they're no
spaces same as like everything yeah you
know calm such Alex Mandela you guys and
couldn't hang out me live okay Esmeralda
hello chase Terrell I had to I didn't
have to I want it to she was gonna walk
to her car down the street was like
third Street I told her I was gonna
drive it's not that close I know it's a
nice night though it's a beautiful night
but I am appreciative for the right like
I don't know like almost a mile probably
all the way over here yeah and it's
almost midnight
I like to walk but I feel it's but not
in the middle of the night yeah it's
very gentlemanly of him to drive me to
my car so I don't have to walk well
shady and I got to spend a little extra
time you know we actually while we were
on you now we made a deal and I want you
guys to be part of it too because you
guys can help do it people are saying oh
you guys you guys should go on a date we
will do it on the vlog we will do a full
date on the vlog if the drinks channel
when the drinks channel hits a hundred
thousand subscribers it's past
seventy-five thousand and it's going
fast so maybe we can push you there
quick if you're not subscribed to the
drinks channel go subscribe now Alex
Mandel drinks just youtube.com slash our
metal drinks go subscribe at a hundred
thousand subscribers on that will do
more drinks together and we will
go on the date on the fly you can pick
what food we eat and everything I feel
like cooking it for you or maybe he
cooks you guys get to do I feel like
they should decide you guys get to pick
everything about there they should plan
the date
yeah and they get to see it and it'll be
live on you-now yeah yeah yeah super
romantic with all of us with all of you
it'll be great
yeah okay well thanks for hanging out
with me this is me it was so perfect it
was she's looking down the street I was
it's usually like spur-of-the-moment so
it works out perfectly it did did I
almost forgot to tell you guys there's a
drink video up in case you guys didn't
know
so I yes you should subscribe but you
should also check out the new video I
did a kamikaze shot with Roy wasabi
you've seen me do videos with Alex
wasabi now we're taking it on with the
other half a kamikaze shot is super good
trust me you guys like it if not you're
just like the video I'm putting it up
right now I'm sending all this stuff up
so that it's up it's already up the link
is in the description below so check it
out down there let me know what you guys
think and that's all I got for you for
today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching hopefully we get a bite on the
decoy package soon so that we can have
ourselves a great video of catching this
guy so or some of you said how do you
know it's a guy I might be a girl I
think it's a guy who kazama's guy but
okay Guyo hopefully we catch this person
but on that note I'll see you guys again
soon goodbye
good and babies
hey Abbi ready go fly some guns baby the
freakin park yeah I just I went straight
from the guns no she doesn't want that
