hey guys it's a new day today and it's
so nice outside everything's blue and
happy blue and happy you're happy I know
you are you're always happy right I
don't know if that was just a no Wendy
we block out this wind well let's uh
let's have ourselves a good day cuz we
always do
someone's lazy today I'm talking to you
Harvey trying to get up now no slipping
back out I see it slipping because see
the legs slipping I'm reading all your
comments now from yesterday's vlog and a
lot of you a lot of you liked the whole
carrot thing and a lot of you are like
wow it was a complete waste of time and
I think the ones that did like it still
thought it was a waste of time that was
just my way of kind of trolling you guys
through a blog two minutes of me eating
a carrot see that's kind of it's also
one of those like iOpener things to some
of you guys that shows that on my vlogs
I could do what I want to do and you
don't really have control other than to
watch or don't watch so follow me to
care for two minutes I do it I hope you
guys got the humor in that it was all
just for fun but yeah I don't know I'm
gonna I'm hungry so I'm gonna eat now
don't worry I'm not about to eat uh for
two minutes on here my sister and Alex
are both on a B are coming over and
we're gonna go gun shopping because I
wanted to go check out some new guns and
see what they got cuz you know in
America you can never have too many guns
I just I just like to go look and you
know we'll see what they have and
they're on the way now
um we'll go check it out
good
and babies hey Abby ready go buy some
guns
Josh's baby hoodies the friggin park
when you got a good story yeah I just I
went straight from the guns it's really
badass
oh no she doesn't want that now before
you guys jump at me and go crazy I do
have to tell you that I went in with my
sister and Alex stayed in the car with
Abby we didn't actually be drove around
the block a few times
don't get mad at me because Abby is Abby
did not going rising a little bit early
right she may not be gun shopping but
she is driving a car yeah but I did I
did make a purchase so I won't tell you
guys it'll be a surprise go ahead and
guess what you think I got in the
comments below and you don't see their
guns and some deadly weapons what Josh
you bought two tickets to the gun show
yeah yeah
laughs
fuck wait
his son this is black out America items
his group let's go that's worth on the
radio right now is not just playing on
Pizza phone come chop daddy's
daddy barbecues on me we're in Culver
City and all around you can find these
things called moving pictures Oh wake
Alexander by with my mr. Alexander will
say um so if you look in here I don't
know if I can focus past it I probably
can't maybe oh it's probably not gonna
work
wait this way oh there we go okay cuz
I'll be Elsie is it this way kinda you
can't really see inside won't you stand
back
really I could see it from back here but
I don't know oh yeah you can see the dog
inside here can you spin it yeah let's
see yeah there you can see the dog
inside it's kind of hard to see but it's
really cool get over here come check
these out they've like a guy dancing
over there that one's a dog they have
them all over here we're gonna go drink
some wine are we drinking wine yeah and
food and food we're draining food I want
to drink some food throw it in wine food
annoying hi Maria I'm not hungry I just
want drinks Cheers
are you trying to get it
are you gonna be jaqen I got angry
no retreating again okay
actually 14 times we cheers Harvey is
obsessed with like rough face massages
but it always looks so ridiculous like
Jake can with a rough face massage and
then pull a uh yeah it likes to just be
rubbed down is so ridiculous are you
trying to go to bed now bud yeah well I
think it's time to go to bed
Harvey's clearly saying he's stealing my
spot bed don't you know it's where I
sleep buddy Lee do it what are you doing
and my TV's not working so luckily I
have my iPad on a stand here and I can
just watch Netflix on that cuz why not
I like to watch stuff when I'm quite a
bed so I hope you guys enjoyed watching
today when I get the gun that I bought I
got it for myself as a as a I always I
always buy myself a birthday present and
my birthday is coming up
my birthday's on September 30th and I
was by myself a gift so when it's time I
would give myself this gift and that's
when you will see what type of gun I got
either then or my birthday party that
I'm having a different date but I'm not
going to say when that is exactly yet
but uh yeah I'm excited with my purchase
my gift and can't wait to see what I got
myself but on that note I will see you
guys again soon
yeah goodbye Cheers
