hey guys it's a new day and my my
parents were here they're only visiting
for a little bit i didn't get to fog
that because i had just been coming back
from the gym I don't bring my camera the
gym because as much as I would love to
log in the gym the one time I pulled out
my camera for a second they were like no
you can't film in here okay sorry I want
so I can't film in the gym but now I
just got to take a shower clean up and
then I have a have some things I gotta
do today I don't know I don't really
have any anything solid so let's see
what we got in store and we'll have
yourself a good day a lot of you guys
have been messaging me and telling me on
twitch and everything when I go live to
get a rocket League the game on ps4 and
I got it I have it and I let me just say
this thing is awesome super addicting
and I can't stop playing this so now i
just created a private match and i just
tweeted out not it's a little late for
you guys but I just tweeted out how you
guys can join so if you don't follow me
on Twitter do that just add alex mandl
and I'm gonna keep trying to play these
games and do other things you guys but
right now I'm just gonna play this game
for the moment with any of you guys that
join so hopefully I'm not playing alone
right now there's a new drink video up
and it's with LA beast and you're
definitely gonna want to watch this one
I'm going to pre warn you I tried to fix
the volume levels so that I wouldn't
ruin your ears but headphone users
beware I put the link down in the
description below if only you can
imagine and was that well the LA beast
everything is crazy so check this out I
am still sick thinking about that shot
but description I mean the links in the
description go check it out let me know
what you think you guys have been
killing it on this drinks channel it's
been gaining more subs every day than
this channel has and I'm more than
excited about that
so let's keep it going now I think I
want like a like a healthy snack like a
like a carrot or something
Oh
I'm going to head over to jake's place
he doesn't technically sleep there
anymore but it still they hadn't started
construction yet so he's there right now
two people going to meet up with him
we're gonna probably get dinner
something around there and then I don't
know we're gonna do but that's where I'm
going right now i am with Jake and some
other friends right now that are from
Germany so all my germinate teamers I
don't know I don't know what to say to
them in jerk what do we say to them in
German about 80 just good night I know
that you there what part of Germany
again unique Munich very cool so we're
going right now we're showing them a bar
out here called a busby's West which is
like sports bar type of thing they have
like pool tables stuff you could play
beer pong there so I don't know we're
gonna do us was in the on the after the
second part what I didn't realize there
was west on top of it what did you think
about whose response what cuz they
busby's east but i did not know or buzz
be something else i don't know if it to
you so i just know it's busby's west cuz
they have a second one you learn
something new every day you do that's a
good thing about life so we're gonna go
there and turn it up on a tuesday right
cheers
they play some game
you know video
we're just enjoying ourselves
argue
huggies
I don't know what we're gonna do
something
Oh
oh it's now 30 myself no you suppose
that once once oh yeah twice but I got
you the first time there you go that was
on me
I was he believed them
oh why did you stop going with him
oh there we go there's that seven with a
winner chicken day
doing so well and that plate against Max
it was
what if not enough to home
when I was like I had the first before
he got his room yeah you 120s boy I was
I just missing I just missed the handoff
to the time in it really Oh what are you
doing what are you doing you on crazy
now I'm back at home now we got back
over back and I'm ready to go to sleep I
mean I really I'm not like wasted we had
a few beers and we had a good time with
some good people and I've got to wake up
early tomorrow off at the gym and stuff
and so I think it's time for me to go to
bed what Harvey's doing Harvey's like
literally pulling me down Harvey that's
my shoe I don't know what are you doing
he's obsessing my shoe right now it's
time to go to bed man ok ok it's
true--but is it that time but oh ha hey
hey hey hey well this is this is
okay okay I think it's time for us to go
sleep to live hey hey hey third car
version go to great anyways guys that's
all i have for you for today hey you're
pulling my confidence that's all i have
for you today i hope you guys enjoyed
watching and make sure you go click on
that link down the description for the
great video with LA beast because it's
super epic and i will see you guys again
soon goodbye I have a surprise I didn't
tell you guys hey no rhyme time dr.
Seuss what do you know um that's not the
surprise i'm not actually dr. Seuss
don't think i am though the surprise is
that Jake's place is getting remodeled
so looks like i have a new roommate
hello roommate Jake it's hope look we're
Oh ding we're filling up the elevator
now with all of his hell of his stuff
he's gonna be moving in now I won't be
so lonely in my apartment now we can
cuddle yeah
