hey guys it's a new day today and we
just finished Abby's very first print
let's kill her birthday
well it's a new day - new vlog I just
ended the other vlog like only an hour
ago
yesterday's why in an hour ago size X I
wanted to have a vlog yesterday that's
that was I didn't want to miss one
but now ABS illa is is one of zilla's
one
Abey Abey Abey you tired no hello and
you guys get I want I want her to try
out my gift I got her so we're gonna
love her now I hope she likes the
glasses she's dangerous
yeah there we go yeah bitches I got her
the the the furry vest and the glasses
no well okay that's either need the
glasses that's fine just the furry vest
Wow he likes how soft it is right it's
soft you two best uncle Alex fur ball is
so soft
you don't like this outfit
you look stupid that is pushing his role
button' role button' Abby will leave
okay bye okay goodbye y'all hi everybody
have you been surprised it's time to go
what say anything in a week I can't talk
to you guys about that yet but I will
tell you guys soon back at my place now
and I got a package check out what I got
I got my little GPS tracking device it's
really small and I got this because for
those who didn't watch yesterday my
packages continuously get stolen and I
wanted to make a decoy package and hope
that it gets stolen so that I could
track this this guy's stealing the
packages and kitchen red handed with
this GPS tracking device I'm like James
Bond or something
yeah Jewish Jewish James bus now some of
you I read the comments they're like mom
just get a peel box one I have a P o box
and - I shouldn't have to change the way
I get my mail just because there's
someone that feels the right to steal
feels they have the right to steal my
packages I like not having to go
somewhere to pick up my stuff I like it
when I do like same-day delivery or next
day for something I need really quick
you know for a video or for something or
whatever I need I like that it comes
right away and it's just downstairs and
I should have that right do you have the
right to your mail at your own place so
with that said I have to charge this
today so it's not going to happen today
hopefully tomorrow I can do this get it
all set up and then we can we can
hopefully catch this guy that would be
so awesome if we can I'm really happy
that this thing it didn't get stolen
because then that would just defeat the
whole purpose but we're gonna catch it I
have a surprise I didn't tell you guys
hey Ryan I'm dr. Seuss what do you know
that's not the surprise I'm not actually
dr. Seuss don't think I am
though the surprise is that Jake's place
is getting remodeled so looks like I
have a new roommate
whoa roommate Jake look Oh ding we're
filling up the elevator now with all of
his all of his stuff he's gonna be
moving in now I won't be so lonely in my
apartment now we can cuddle yeah now to
get all this stuff out of the elevator
how are you gonna do it thanks Ari I
think I really had tried a real pal he's
he's trying a Harvey Harvey you're gonna
get hit he's done now shake that butt
shake that butt yeah yeah yeah
yeah we're blocking traffic I just got I
got stopped here we were about to go to
dinner he stopped in the car what are
your names legit plus so nice to meet
you you just jumped out we got a picture
though I post the picture okay I'm gonna
look for the picture because I want to
like it as soon as I got out of the car
I heard my name and I usually don't turn
my name cuz alex is so common and then
they can't take a picture it's always
good to meet you guys remember if you
see me out in public hump and say hi
because I want to put you guys in the
vlog I think elevators broken let's just
take me stairs we went and got some more
stuff from Jake's place so he's pretty
much all moved in now he's and he's in
his room over there are you okay you
okay in there
yeah he's okay I'm enjoying some
minestrone soup yeah and also make sure
you guys check out the drinks channel
right now there's a link in the
description because it's the video I did
with Brittany Brittany Smith Romans
Brittany and so the drink videos up
right now just like one of my favorite
cereals you'll see you'll see what I
mean
has to do with one of my favorite
cereals favorite types of cereal so go
check that out go show it some love go
do everything you can to make me happy
to make you happy I hope it makes you
happy yeah so go check it out links down
there and I'm really happy with it and
hope you guys aren't you you're going to
bed
he is doing laundry you like just you
like breaking in the place now
yeah yeah shirts off pants still on
Harvey's now gonna Harvey yeah you come
come sleep with me
or maybe he's trying to go up to go pee
I don't know or he's just looking at you
I don't know he's like dude nipples good
night
oh yes tomorrow and the next day oh oh
it's like we lived together maybe
are you coming buddy no toes to the nose
he doesn't care about anything okay guys
well that's all I got for you for today
I'm happy that Jake moved in and I also
am happy that the new drink video with
Britney's up so make sure you go check
that out it's in the description below
the link is are you told you that but
just in case you forgot already anyway
I'm gonna go to bed now I gotta wake up
to a gym start a new day tomorrow
obviously because today is ending and
tomorrow is gonna start soon so I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye James a
lifeguard on duty life copy what's he
doing happy birthday you're not wearing
clothes
maybe I should all be wearing clothes
exactly we're both we could both be on
our birthday soon we're birthday suits
make it on their birthday yeah it is
really hot here it's so much hotter than
saying I wanna
that's why we got to take it off
