hey guys it's a new day today look who's
here
mr. said - mr. Kyle and I'm hungry I
think it's already lunchtime we've been
doing some stuff in the office up until
this point I think it's ready for lunch
I actually saw on Food Network this
barbecue place and I was like damn that
looks good and it happened to be in the
same city we are in so we're gonna head
over there to try mom barbecue where is
it I think it's in here no it's right
here yeah we showed up at the perfect
time there's now a line of people
waiting and guess they must be good see
Food Network right - I also got a hot
link yeah cool come look at that five
hours yeah that looks good though yeah
look at that
sloppy link I turn you on Kyle
oh you know yeah are you able oh I gotta
tell you that food was super good so if
you guys want to try some good barbecue
go to mom's advantage because it was it
was actually really good one of you guys
sent something to me and it came with a
little note that says hi Alex I saw this
and thought of you because you love guns
I do
it's a bpa-free silicone mold you can
melt chocolate and use this for
chocolate guns or pour water and make it
ice for example I hope you like it
amy levin thank you amy levin let's open
this up I already like toward opens then
I could do this with one hand oh that's
okay the package could Falls to have
this this looks like a little briefcase
set can you like pull the plastic off
this like it you guys want to send me
fan mail 7:22 so you know you guys can
send him fan mail to the same mailbox
that you send me stuff if you want you
want stuff too
yes next to it
well this is super awesome it looks like
a gun case like a briefcase and I am
definitely going to yeah I guess I could
do ice or I could make chocolate do you
like chocolate gun woo jello well it's
silicone so I bet you could put it in
like the oven to make something in it I
don't I like gun cookies about you don't
know enough about cooking Kyle you guys
don't have to send me anything but I do
always enjoy getting stuff from you guys
this is one thing actually it's a
squirter oh dude what is that doesn t
work oh you do the thing hey bug be
easier
okay little little obtuse really follow
that wasn't 270
Oh
man do it so it'll still hold up damn it
listen there we go we're gonna have guns
in the office tomorrow there's so many
random lights here get the Sun lit for
tomorrow is the court barely reaches the
ground yes we have like all these like
weird extensions hey Kyle you're on
camera
hi it is look good
besides the thing in the middle oh yeah
hello day two since I waited a whole day
to continue this vlog the ice is ready
yes oh it's stuck to the say spilled
water how there we go Oh
Isis I spilled so much to the left of a
car do one hand there we go
leave that that is cool
it's got us it's slippery it's ice
except likely today
Oh hold on that's weird because of
goalie
if you guys remember a couple of vlogs
ago we went to Ricardo Laguna's house
the Pro BMX or if you if you didn't
check that out go check it out I think
the vlogs like coolest backyard ever
whatever I called it but we were
actually there with Murray to do a
really cool magic collaboration with him
me for Murray's channel you are about to
make it go live ready ready for it's my
wife I think it's good see life boom
whoa there it is right there on Murray's
channel crazy what happens you guys
don't want to spoil it for you about
what you saw on Alex's hog is completely
different little sneak preview here is
little sneak preview oh nothing
happening a little dangerous and I
wouldn't attempt it check it out I'm
going to put a link to that in the
description below here so you guys can
check out that video I'm Marie Channel
pretty pretty cool stuff you guys go
check that out this place
clicky good it's good
cookies that are good yeah there's so
many interesting flavors
Oh
tanking comes bacon maple syrup please
this one I don't know she doesn't sing
yeah I don't know a cookie popcorn all
different flavors churro cookies and
cream what this chick from that ones I
get it salty sweet tea live hi cowboy
take a can bacon red velvet oh this one
look good
caramel pretzel chocolate cookie yeah
Jake which what you get crunch
cinnamon toast crunch I got the pancakes
and bacon maple syrup lays we're good
another thing that do is instead of ice
cream sandwiches you could actually have
them do cookie dough sandwiches do you
think - cookies or brownie and then they
put cookie dough in the middle first
batch I don't know if I'm gonna be yeah
kids and I'm gonna cook it I also got
it's in my arm right here huh
cookies and cream popcorn because I just
really went hey Harvey oh the Quivers
are you excited
you started it whenever Harvey gets
super excited like I Harvey he starts
quivering his lip that's how that's like
andrea's favorite thing that he does
quivers you love some cleaners he's
doing it right now okay cookies and
cream popcorn cookie come on let's see
oh that's good yeah tastes like popcorn
and cookies and cream
Orioles like not cookies and rim Orioles
Orioles are cookies and cream that's
good no hey Jake do you want to be an
official member of the 18 not yet how I
become as part of the team
damn what right yeah so officially
you're fizzled never lazy yeah for those
of you that follow me on twitter you
already know this but this don't mind
the Hat has is the a-team hat how many
of those did I get one I ordered one
because I just wanted it for myself to
wear I wasn't planning on selling them
or anything like that at least not yet
but I was I just got one I posted it to
Twitter and a ton of you were like wait
where do we get that and I was like oh I
didn't like set up a store for it or
anything I just got it for me but a lot
of you were like out wear it I wear it
and then I saw chase mr. Gilroy say he
wants one about six foot four Honda said
he wants something else then you guys
want instead he goes on tonight I
ordered a good amount I don't have like
a like a huge amount an amount so if it
is something you guys like to and we
want then that I mean that wasn't even
my intention I wasn't going to try to
study guys these but if it's something
you like let me know in the description
not in the description let me know in
the comments below if it is something
you guys want and I'll go ahead and put
it on like an online store it's don't
try to look for now because it's not
available yet but yeah let me know with
all of that being said I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today some of the vlogs
are going to be in the office because I
am there in the office five days a week
now unless I'm shooting something else
so you guys get some cool stuff there
we're going to be shooting some awesome
stuff at year's we get to see sneak
peeks here and that is all I got for you
for today
so I will see you go
again soon goodbye
