hey guys today guess what it's a new day
it is it is we are going to scoop up
some of this may get some of that mama
bear quarter cover this this is there
someone that hey Harvey where you going
I'm getting you your food but getting
you your food come here go ahead I can't
close one hat whatever we'll close it
after this come here bud come here come
here there you go there's your food oh I
get it go out yeah yeah oh you want to
say hi first all you want to say hi
first hi now you could eat it now you
could eat it good boy for those of you
that don't know I posted this on Twitter
before in the past and I think I've
mentioned it on here every time I order
package I have to get text notifications
to let me know exactly when it's here
and i have about an hour to to grab it
before it gets stolen in my bag
everything every package i get gets
stolen there was one that was stolen
saturday gopro had to release replace my
gopro that was stolen the company's
Sphero wanted to send me a gift and they
just didn't they send me today they're
like hey did you get it I did guess why
stolen all my packages get stolen a lot
of you are probably like well why don't
you get a p.o box you get more protector
i want my packages to come here so i
figured let's what's a good way to catch
the culprit i believe it's a homeless
guy that's stealing at all because one
time i ordered a double tactical double
rifle case and within the next two weeks
i saw a homeless guy walking around with
a double rifle tactical case and i'm
pretty sure he didn't pick that up at
his local Salvation Army unless the
Salvation Army is now equipping with
actual tactical rifles and I highly
doubt that so with that being said
I didn't go after him I wasn't going to
because I didn't have proof I need proof
you can't just approach someone in a
queue someone unless you have the box
there that was addressed to me or
something that was there and I don't
have that so I'm not going to cause
problems I had that so did some research
today and I think that we should get a
GPS tracking device set up a decoy
package and catch this bitch yeah i just
went to rei to pick up the GPS tracker
and the one that they have is fine but
it connects the satellites and so they
said that it only works if it's like in
open air needs to see like it's like if
you're hiking some people can track you
so you won't get lost I said I needed
like an asset tracker so I found one
online that had a lot of reviews
unfortunately i'm trying to do it to to
prevent stealing packages and i had to
get ordered so I made sure i'm going to
track exactly who has packages tomorrow
like I mean mailtraq like usps tracking
so that I know when the package gets are
some won't get stolen hopefully my
device to prevent stealing packages
doesn't get stolen but if not then
tomorrow I'll have the device and we can
start our covert operations to catch
this thief I'm starting off a new day on
here just because last night was such a
dud for Saturday night it was like I
mean I went on twitch and i streamed for
that I haven't done that in a long time
so that was fun but I called all two of
my friends hey both of whom were busy so
I didn't do anything I wanted to but
instead i streamed at least so that I
can talk to some of you were on the
string which was fun and I figured we'll
just cut it into today I'm not going to
combine two I will finish this obviously
you guys are already watching this I
don't want to skip a day of logging but
I'll take you guys along with me because
today
is a B AB zilla my niece is first
birthday and I am a terrible uncle and
haven't gotten a gift yet and the party
starts soon so the store i want to buy
her a gift from opens at eleven her
party starts at eleven i could be a
little bit late because if I'm on time
or early well that's just not cool and
you know Abby's gonna think I'm not the
cool uncle if I show up early just
kidding I just need to go get a gift I
know I'm such a terrible person but
let's go get a gift for Abby I think I'm
gonna find something perfect for her so
let's go get something I just finished
shopping for for abs illa I got her a it
was a little difficult because I wanted
this to be super quick and I found
something funny I got her like this very
best thing you'll see it when I give it
to her I thought it was funny but um I
don't know what she has I tried to call
my mom and everyone and everyone's like
oh not a really good party oh good I'm
just trying to get this now like where
are you i'm like i just need to buy this
gift and i'm gonna go and they go what
and I'm like ah I said I want to get her
this like furry vest thing does she have
that they said you want to get her what
I said and honestly that conversation
went on for like 25 minutes in the store
and finally got off the phone and the
guy who works there was like can I help
you with something i'm like literally
trying to yell in the store so that they
can hear me on the phone I don't know my
parents like while they're in the party
I don't think that they understood that
they could walk to like a quieter area
to hear me it was making me so
frustrated but I got her the gift and
now I'm heading that way and I'll
probably be there like I don't know 30
minutes so not too bad hello mother hi I
already said hi but now I'm saying hi
again vlogger these are all the gifts
i'm gonna I don't know what I'm gonna
put mine separately cuz I don't have a
card with my hand it was last minute
maybe I'll put mine I don't know I'm
looking for a place to keep it i'll keep
it behind the bar yeah i'm just keeping
this beyond the bar here there you go
now we'll go out and say hi to everyone
hi Cartier's a lifeguard on duty life
guy what's he doing happy birthday
you're not wearing clothes maybe I
should drink the I should all be wearing
clothes exactly we're both we could both
be on our birthday suit we're birthday
suits make it on their birthday yeah it
is really hot here so much hotter than
said I want to go that's why we got to
take it off it's how old she is
40 44 years old no she's actually says
she's a girl she doesn't want to share
her age it's just an awesome I'll give
you a hint yeah and media 30 30 Oh 31
yeah it's party time she's wasted
already
hi
love you brother
Abby's asleep right now but I'm gonna
give the gifts that you guys can see it
and they could see they haven't seen in
the other I just we can rock it out
again and give it have a beer ok we can
open it like a baby would you do that do
the smaller one first it's like it is
upbeat is that a box yeah I don't know
what that yeah it's just it's an
accessory but I think she rd has this
well I think she already has this I just
wanted to the sheti have that yeah that
one has like a fan yeah for four and
that's up to two years old it's and then
this one I think is just super fly
you got a ravine coat it's a vest she
could be stuntin in the club and it's
gotten it's a vest it's the perv s yo
girls night out I decide doesn't have
barriers Hutchinson and when she goes to
all the festivals she could wear I'm
creating a festival grill I'm bridal
wear that's not my you don't I'm near
the parents yeah she could drop my
speech fist-pumping drop what do you
guys think I think it was nothing it's
amazing yeah we wanna thank you four
o'clock thank you okay guys well
obviously I'm not done with the day but
I've done with this blog site a long I
just want to make sure I have longed for
you today I don't want to miss out on
that and so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching make sure you say happy
birthday to a V in the comments section
and you blogged it to on your vlog right
that'll be up tomorrow yes she probably
saw more than I did because she was
actually looking at everything I was
talking to a lot of people so if you
haven't already make sure you subscribe
to her Channel my sister does it every
day as well as just like with Jackie and
so definitely check out that but I
thought I got for you today so I hope
you guys enjoyed and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye we found her I said
you you left just leave
do that now scheme that she works here
don't come looking
