hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
getting back on my regular schedule I'm
at the gym right now I just parked in
the parking lot I'm like a minute late
but I decided to start my vlog anyway
and it was her birthday with my trainer
Sam's birthday so I got her a little
differently here I couldn't decide if I
was like oh is that Amazon or do I just
get her like a Visa or MasterCard gift
card something where she can just go
where she wants and I figured as a girl
she might want like some sort of shoes
or clothes or something that you can't
you don't really want to get on Amazon
because you can't try it on so I just
got her a Visa gift card so hopefully
she'll like this I think she well
obviously there would be it would be
weird if she didn't but I'm gonna go
ahead and go up workout and get my day
started I'm all showered up fresh done
with the gym obviously she loved the
gift she was like thank you thank you
and I'm happy because you know it takes
it takes a a good trainer to know to
tell you what to do but it takes a great
trainer to keep you motivated and
inspired to keep going I do it five days
a week and she definitely you know even
while I was away in New York and DC I
didn't pay for her to to continue
anything but she gave me workout plans
she gave she kept texting me to make
sure I was on top of eating okay she was
like what you eat which is so thank you
Sam and happy Lake birthday I did say
happy birthday to her on her birthday
but saying it late now on the blog so
yeah I hope she she puts that that gift
to good use and now I'm super excited
because I'm gonna go pick up my love
mr. Harvey Bulldog I know that he misses
me because I miss him I got it come say
hello hey bud how are you how are you
big man
I can't wait to wrestle round with you
when we get back
yeah even playing a lot with the other
dogs
you've been playing a lot they said you
were good they said he was good he he
had sex with a lot of dogs so I'm sure
he's happy I took him to the whorehouse
to watch him while while I was gone
the Harvey whorehouse and he got his
canine groove on really lame joke Alex
yeah well anyway we're gonna head home
and have some some bonding time again
buddy because I missed you I did
we're gonna head back now yeah yeah you
you sir be home you have to be home
I'm happy you're home I'm happy I
remarried yeah yeah shaky but shaky but
shake that but do to Harvard dance oh
you want to jump up you're that excited
what are you looking for what do you
like but some water want some water but
yeah yeah this is a harvey hug he he'll
stay here for a long time he just you
like to hold on right but how long are
we how long are we doing I hope you have
buddy how long is the Harvey right this
time how about you like this place will
switch you're a different look you have
this thing there we go
okay Harry yeah I love you buddy
it's a really long hug
there's nothing better than having a dog
nothing better right buddy right mail
time mail time I had to get this I it's
this Sony battery charger for this
battery got an extra battery for this
camera because if you watched when I was
in New York I was running out of battery
and that's not a problem I want to run
into ever again so I got an extra
battery so I can keep charged and then
this camera some cameras you have to
literally plug the camera into charge
like it doesn't come with an external
charger to plug in the wall I don't
really like to plug in the camera I like
to just take out the battery and just
put the battery in the charger so that's
why I got this charger here and I also
got one more thing is because it is such
a big LCD display on the back I wanted
sign that could protect it so I bought a
screen protector obviously I can't vlog
putting that on because it's behind the
camera and I don't it can't vlog
backwards although if it could it'd be
pretty cool if it could block that way
and this way I'd be pretty awesome but
I'm gonna go ahead and put the screen
protector on so I'm protected you know
wrap it before you tap it as always so
he's keeping to remember safety first
and don't be a fool after tool you know
go ahead and give your favorite one in
the comments below cuz I know you got
him everyone's got something well bud
it's a new day we didn't do much
yesterday it was pretty much the first
day back kind of got back into the
rhythm of things and not fully obviously
or else we would have had a vlog
yesterday but that's what this is a
continuation of yesterday's so that we
can have a full vlog now that I'm back
settled
everything's good we'll be back on it
we'll be back on track
but today was also kind of a slow day
we're about midway through maybe a
little lighter and yeah so not sure what
we got in store but I'm meeting up with
Jake a little bit later and I might be
going to the restaurant where Sammy
works the girl that I went on the date
with to go visit and say hi she texted
me and told me she's gonna be on until
late tonight and said I should come by
so maybe we'll do that and we'll see
nothing nothing's planned for the night
it's a Friday night so for me it is so
we'll see what's what's going on so
excited about this Super Mario maker
let's get it yeah I've been waiting for
Super Mario maker to come out I'd played
it at e3 and the cool thing about it is
is that I could create whatever level I
want and then if I have to be able to
beat it but if I beat it then if you
guys have the game too you could try to
beat it we can make like official a team
levels martin like super mario levels I
think I think that's awesome I think
that's so cool I can't wait to get it I
told Macy my friend who works at
Nintendo I was like I'm so excited for
Friday when it comes out I wish she
would have given it to me beforehand but
I know the way these things work so I'm
getting it now and I'm getting excited
to play it because I've been waiting for
this go down so I know you made a pool
you're excited I know you pooped your
beautiful coat so how you charged go go
whoa excited poof and oh the excitement
doesn't
oh where are you going
check out this first I just pretty
simple but check out this first course I
made you go up there with different
things down there bro Wow yeah all done
I would play it through but I don't know
how much content I'm allowed to put up a
Nintendo on on YouTube but I will stream
this I'll be probably streaming this on
Twitch and then I'll give out the codes
so you guys can try to play it if you
have this if you don't you should get it
up get it but now I'm hungry so I'm
gonna see what Jake's up to I want to go
get dinner or something taking me on a
mandate Jake
she is she's our server sure when she
comes by
we found her I said you leave left isn't
even the table
yeah and so she does now Steve that she
works here
so don't come looking
it was good seeing Sammy and I think if
she has some free time tomorrow we might
we might do something tomorrow I'm not
sure she's kind of disease she got a new
job that's why she's leaving her serving
job tomorrow so tonight was for last
night but her boss doesn't know that
yeah and I have a new drink video that
is up right now so go check it out it's
with josh josh l care for those either
don't know you've probably seen him
before in Epic Meal Time and he just
does he makes really crazy stuff but we
made it did I bother you Harvey he was
laying next to me and now he's he moved
there because I was loud we made a
really good shot it's it's actually when
I turned off the camera other people
that were in the room we're like can we
have one of those so I made more than we
ended up taking this one's definitely
one if you want a really good tasting
shot go check it out if you don't drink
trying to make these videos more like
entertaining more comedy bases well I
know there's a little limited and
playlist cuz I only had a hotel room I'm
going to try to do them all over and
everything but you guys absolutely
killed it when I got to play this I had
50,000 subscribers on the drinks channel
and it's about to hit 70,000 subscribers
so almost 20,000 subscribers in a week
what so you guys continue to kill that
continue to share it continue to go nuts
I can I am speechless it's nuts I'm so
excited
I like the channel so much fun for me my
favorite hobby is mixology so it's just
a great thing for me to do it's fun and
I get to have fun with him people now
Harvey really wants me to stop talking
he keeps like he has literally has his
foot on mine he's like enough you spoken
but I think that's all I got for tonight
right harbour you ready to go to bed
yeah Harvey I see your eyes open
close enough he's tired I'm tired I need
to get to sleep so on that note I will
see you guys again soon the link is down
in the description for the drink video
go check it out and I'll see you guys
again soon I think I just said that
goodbye
yeah
