hey guys today is a new day you excited
for today going to me mhm we're going I
was just going to tell them that I
talked you told them first we're going
to be an H which is like if you guys
ever order any camera equipment anything
that a lot of times the order from B&H
they supply the world from one store and
we're going to that store and
my sister has the new camera Roman has
the new camera the new rx100 mark for
and this camera it's okay but it's like
the shutters pretty bad if you see if
you see little dots and I think it's
because I have dust underneath the glass
that I can't get to so I think it's time
I get into camera I'm going there I'm
going to buy a new vlog cameras we have
better qualities and better videos you
know I'm saying so we're going to be an
H right now I'm excited he's never been
I went there the last time I was here in
New York and we're just going to go
there check it out we're here we're at
bnh
you take a picture of it since my dad oh
yeah my dad's farm is dad's
photographers that actually does is the
photographer for the Los Angeles Lakers
and the Kings as well LA Kings
I'm excited all I've been here one other
time and it was like like Toys R Us but
for only loves protection stuff and
camera stuff and everything like this
looks like porn
yeah except I'm not going to go in there
masturbate you are yup you might you
might stick a 5d up your butter to
possibly whenever you order slang from
B&H and they do it because they do all
the shipping from here it goes like
cross these conveyer belts there goes
someone shipment so they go all over the
top of the store like on every level
are these conveyor belts that go across
the ceiling that are taking everyone's
orders so when you order something if
you ordered something it may be going
over my head right give a section for 3d
printers
making this
a year ago - I'm surprised you even
recognized me again okay what he said
a-alex because I am almost a year ago
today I was I was here looking at the
same 3d printers right yeah I was but
they're so cool I wanted to show my
friend Brandon he's never been in here
and we both order a lot of stuff from
from B&H so you definitely want to check
it out I'm gonna I'm buying a new camera
today I'm excited about oh yeah they
always have a lot of sales going on here
so they have a lens on sale right now
for only $180,000
damn
but it is on sale right so I think we
should get it
I don't even know what I would do with
that can you imagine how intense your
blogs would be you could vlog me from
like almost a mile away I would never
know section of drones what you're
shredding in the world of photos we now
solve I'm sorry cos I like these little
ones yeah the F you would have those as
well your life you actually raced it
more to put little ones to be fun
what if we just like race the little
ones do that in the department yeah
that'd be so fun if we got these little
ones mine would be here so because I
would get one of the giant ones no and I
would have a little one ran in here yeah
gotta give it that's a given
yeah close it I know more insecure check
out what I got had been H like I said I
would I got the Sony rx100 mark for ya
I'm so excited to use it this is what my
sister uses this is what Roman is using
a lot of people are using it now it's
definitely I think it's going to be
better quality than this I'm not going
to use it in today's vlog I'm going to
charge it and we'll start it off
tomorrow new vlogs with that camera
I also saw this I sometimes like to the
camera on my laptop is good but doesn't
waste pickup lighting and and my iPad
does pick up better lighting when I'm
live on you-now but I hate like standing
up my iPad on something so I got this
like cool iPad stand thing that I can
swivel and just like set it on on that
thing while I'm doing it or even on my
desk at home so I thought that'd be good
for going live plus was like 20 bucks so
yeah I'm excited about both these things
especially this camera can't wait to
probably play with it a little tonight
but I'm going to use it for the vlog
tomorrow
I'm putting pants on right now from my
shorts because we're gonna go meet Maci
and her friend for dinner and then we're
going to America's Got Talent
yeaaaah boyeeee also that guy at bnh was
super nice and he gave me a little
souvenir from the 3d printer he gave me
this cool new york these to the N and
the why for New York with like a little
bit of skyline in there
I think see the Empire State Building
yeah so that's cool and that's awesome
that it gave me that really cool
definitely going to keep that put it up
my place but we're heading to dinner now
time for dinner I'm in my dad's dressing
room now at Radio City Music Hall gonna
see America's Got Talent
and I have a look at how look at how
beautiful
personnel are you looking at me what why
do you point the camera mean I actually
every single day not to point the camera
gets the Showtime if you hate this
camera I just cancel my buttons okay you
can point the new one every once in a
while oh I can point at you yes not
today no why stop okay that I have I
have something better to point of that I
brought two lady friends with me today I
have today see it hello
now is it just awkward I'm just keeping
in here my nuts against the wall I
brought two dates tonight I'm just
kidding you're only worth one person I'm
just kidding stop okay sorry
my dad said with a glove on he would
pull out a young kids to thin down the
commercial break
he's going one two three
fun can you see the - I'm trying there
hold out the kids - I love this so funny
I like that I miss my dog my boys but
that those are for those are French
cheese I got at English English hold on
the show was great and we decided to
have a
a little gelato why not
it's like our last real night because
tomorrow night we're going back to LA so
finish up the show them what did you
guys think of this show
oh it's not focus now it's in focus now
what did you guys think of it yeah my
kids my dad had really good dance
yeah it was good for those of you that
saw it I do know what we're talking
about if not here's the thing I got for
uh for two second stream on you now this
like stand thing today
kind of cool yeah so we just finished
streaming on it I think it's like Oh
what time is it 2:30 2:30 I still gotta
edit this and stuff
bed check this out guys I took it out of
the box the camera I'll be using
tomorrow still has a tag on it my new
Sony rx100 mark 4 yeah so I'm excited
about that and this camera will rest in
peace it served its duty and now it's
turned into duty so it was time for
anyone but uh I hope you got that's all
I got for you for today so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I will see you
guys again soon you're going to sleep
now so goodnight goodnight you're gonna
go back to your room okay he's come back
his room I'm going to bed right after I
edit this I'll see you guys again again
soon goodbye
hello by the way I went to dinner with
Maisie and then mr. dad
hi we've been together long say hi now
we're good together for hours well you
say you're not saying hi to me you're
saying hi to them you said hi to me
good to still be seeing you
