hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
actually kind of pretty hungover I'm not
gonna drink now for a little while
because
well the kicker on it was the drink I
did with LA beast yesterday was
absolutely just discussing and you'll
see it when it goes up it's just crazy
but I just we had to pack up all the
liquor today there's another youtuber
that lives in the area that we gave all
the liquor to so that it wouldn't go to
waste so they just picked it up yours
brought it down here and now Brandon and
I are gonna head over to the airport and
head back to New York to stay for a few
days we're gonna go to America's Got
Talent
Tuesday and Wednesday and then head back
to LA so I think this has been a pretty
successful trip though not pretty
successful very successful ten videos in
two days come on I couldn't be more
excited that was the goal that we wanted
to hit we hit it I'm happy I'm excited
and now I just want to I just want to
get to like
the hotel room in New York so I can
relax right now for some time
wait
yeah let's go
I'm Tony
we're back in New York now and I'm an
idiot
and I forgot to charge the battery to
this camera last night and it's
literally blinking right now they didn't
you're such a liar Brandon is the
biggest liar I know as a real anyway
hurt I know that and I would have done
what is he have knowing if there's a
plug how to do it being on a team or not
yeah
well instead 18 years old oh yeah yeah
really you chose I chose not to you know
we're gonna we're gonna head back to the
hotel so that I can plug in the battery
for a while so the beam is long today or
else that'd be pretty crap we did just
got into the hotel I got one bed here
for both of us here Eddie
no we were sharing a room in in DC but
we're back here so we have two separate
rooms we had two beds in each our rooms
last time so now we get one big bed and
I'm happy not for not one bed for both
of us one bed for each his room is like
three doors down four doors down yeah
three doors down
why still be able to hear you
masturbating oh yeah yeah do you like it
three doors down was like trying to hate
to go yeah it is you can see like Times
Square down there and everything it's
pretty cool pretty cool my battery's
literally flashing about to die I'm
gonna charge up right now I just took a
shower and my dad and Maci are waiting
down in the lobby both of them walked
here and Brandon just has to change he's
in his room right now I hope this is
enough charge for the rest of the night
on this camera because it says it's full
right now but I only took a shower and
it's it's it it's a damn liar this
camera your battery this dis battery
can't realize liar anyway we're going to
dinner and so we're gonna head down now
and then like a minute and meet up with
them and then I don't know what we're
gonna go but it's so weird like being
back in New York almost has like a weird
not home feel but like okay went to
playlist all crazy party do all the
drink videos do everything that relax in
New York I never thought I would relax
in New York we just ate and I didn't
vlog any of it because I'm bad we were
hungry
I was I was hung bob was hangry I was
actually I was angry and I was yelling
at brain light it's probably better I
didn't vlog yeah I like it I get like
unhappy do you guys ever get that when
you're hungry and you just not eat it
the best mood because you're really
hungry you get hangry hello by the way
we went to dinner with Maisie and then
mr. dad hi we've been together long say
hi now we're good together four hours
well you're saying you're not saying hi
to me you're saying hi to them you said
hi to me
good to still be seeing you
what's a good say good to still be
seeing you too
it's good to still be seen thanks then
and Britain ratchets been in it
I was taking is gonna Brandon are you
you're not talking to me he's really mad
at me yeah I've been abusive
I sleep hey Brandon he was telling on
you right here I'm not even kidding
other side there you got it
Oh earlier today we were sitting and he
tries to wave down the waiter and the
person at the next table
waiting down for him and then looks at
Brandon goes like this like you have
something on your chin and he goes
cleans it off I'm gonna vlog you I went
to Pilate ah wonderful are you oh we're
going yeah I'm vlogging I'm gonna punch
you can't run don't punch it I'm gonna
punch it it's a bunch of your will you
Vitaly no just kidding
he's a cool dude like of saying this
idea oh dear
well we are back in the hotel room right
now in my hotel room and sometimes the
camera my laptop just isn't bright
enough so when I go in you now and I
broadcast live I use my iPad here
because it's just easy peasy let's see
what everyone's saying it's not focusing
there we go
vlog vlog vlog vlog that's it everyone
says I'm on the vlog you are on the vlog
what's up what's up yeah yeah I told
them oh oh it needs to focus I told them
that I is it not know it is it is now
yeah good good I said to them that I
would that I would vlog this oh thank
you for the bars and tomorrow this
cameras pissing me off because the focus
thing so Roman was like you need to get
this camera it's the same camera my
sister has the the Sony one I should
definitely get I think we're gonna go to
be an H tomorrow and probably just get a
new camera because it's pissing me off
visit me oh and this battery lying to me
he just keeps dying I don't know what to
do but for right now we're live on
you-now so if you ever want to come chat
live make sure you check it out it's
just you know calm slash Alex Mandel
we can get the you-now app and I'm Alex
Mandel on it no spaces said what swear
broadcast live I gotta tell you guys
that I have an absolute obsession with
soup soup soup soup soup soup silent we
call it a room service just to see if
they had what kind of soup that day and
they had broccoli soup and I love it so
we got some soup soup it's good right I
loved that was really that was a really
just disgusting looking but why do you
stick your tongue out when you eat soup
that's it I just watched him even before
he was just doing that just took his
whole tongue out like it think he's
eaten soup like a dog yeah well you are
a dog I haven't done what am i soon I'm
editing the drink video is foo see
that's already up so if you guys want to
go check it out I'll put the link in the
description below but I'm editing right
now and it's so I'm loving it I'm not
done yet but like it's just awkward that
leaked check it out oh my god this is
such a weird one you're going back to
your room going to bed bedtime
priorities but I was here first
yeah I'm sorry yeah well I just finished
cutting up I'm actually uploading a
Lucy's Drake video right now we were
laughing so hard it's hysterical
it's definitely go check it out link
again is in the description I gotta edit
this vlog now I just finished everything
that gotta edit this and I gotta go to
bed I'm sorry if this was a little
shorter than what for what you hoped but
it is a travel day so it's always a
little bit hard when you got to fly just
kind of travel through the airport
decide it's not that interesting
so we'll start fresh again tomorrow have
a great vlog in the morrow I hope you
did enjoy this one and
on that note I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
