hey guys it's a new day today and Brett
and I are heading down to go meet up
with I think Roman of Brittany in the
green room for because they're doing it
they have a meetup scheduled I'm pretty
tired today we woke up really late
because my eye problems when i upload
for drinks and vlog and i ended up going
to bed Brendan randomly woke up at like
515 close to 530 and that's when I was
just going to bed back in the morning
quarter to six yeah and that's when I
went to bed last night or this morning
so I slept in so that I not exhausted
because we have to still do all the
stuff today and go to the party tonight
and I don't want to be sleeping at the
party so slept in a little gonna start
off the day great and then get the rest
of the drink videos done and I'm looking
forward to it we found everybody and
yeah finally I know we were out late you
never realize how big them but behind
the scenes of these hotels are I know I
think we can probably cook something to
make coffee Fraser yeah it's the
refrigerator you're walking you know
you're really gonna stop this whole time
so it was pretty cold they're going to
their meetup and we're tagging along
which is a lot I mean I'm a lot of
apparently a lot of you guys message
that was like is that lets go yeah do
they want you raw Oh feels good fans
have spoken yes and I'm gonna go we're
tagging along now I'm just gonna join
unofficially to meet as many of you that
are here is walk away or something
really not like yeah I'm not gonna walk
out Roman there's all these people here
and no one's coming up to you I but
they're all
Alex oh yeah so I just can't just
hanging out here and he's on the phone
hey yeah alex is on the phone what side
you know it's well it's coming up now
they're actually just dig do it in
groups and they come around come around
he's waiting on that right
Oh
not too long ago I was on you now and I
just happened I always jump around
different people and I saw one of the
you now is called club on wheels and so
I went in and people are like oh yeah he
he's a he watches your stuff and so I
went on and you told me what did you
tell me when I was going to shoot my
hair you told me you did shoot your fan
I sure and then it's always going to
playlist and I said I wanted to meet you
a playlist and we could bullshit our
pants together and we can bring a change
of pants should we shit haha
wait no I already did this on my blog I
can't I doors you saw this yeah my dad
called me said don't do that again on
the broadcast gross I won't do that
again but it's good meeting it's good
meeting you yeah let's let's get a
picture I just wanted to tell you guys
on the blog said that it was really
funny you almost got my shirtless I
wanted to know one guy I was so worried
going to that meetup that uh I was like
I don't know you know I don't know if
there's very many people that want to
come up and say hi Romans like i'm
tellin you dude even when we went to our
panel they were like is how it's going
to to meet ups is okay i'll go and there
was a lot of you guys coming up a lot of
people and that was so cool so cool to
meet all you guys I'd love to I like to
finally get to meet you guys in person
it's it's cool to see in the comments
and to see numbers go up and everything
at that but I'd when I get to put a face
to the viewership to people who actually
watch it means a lot and I love it and I
thank you for those who that I got to to
meet that you came up and we took
pictures and get to sign some of your
passes and shirts and posters and that
was cool and a lot of fun so I'm going
to thank you guys for that for those who
came on and those you that I haven't met
or that aren't here I hope that we have
a chance to to meet at some point in the
future and and I think we will write
should just you should just come over
lovely love a slumber party we gettin
started on Drake videos today so right
now i have my friend meghan tonjes
coming up to to the room to shoot a
really good drink this one will be i
know this one's gonna taste really good
i've never made it but I know it's gonna
taste great so it'll be a bit of first
for me so she's on her way up we had to
order a few things from room service we
had to order milk because I didn't want
to I figured we can just get milk here
at the bite of the store and I don't
have a freezer in here we need chocolate
ice cream for this one yeah so it's good
it's good
look who's here you're here I boobs oh
and your boobs you brought them both of
them I brought them for the screen cap
this is it's like me at all three of
them oh we are gonna eat ice cream you
got the chocolate ice cream there's
every fat girls dream I want what that
I'm that I'm a fat girl it's okay that's
a gimme yeah you're embracing me as a
fat girl booty revelry yes drink this is
this is for this definitely she does a
lot of booty revolution stuff and and
this drink is perfect for that so you
guys will see when it goes up I will let
you know and this one I'm really excited
to to try we just finished shooting with
megan and it turned out great the drink
was absolutely fantastic she was really
good on it I can't wait for you guys to
see it and Roman and all them were
actually at Lucy's sister's house i
believe for a barbecue and we couldn't
go cuz we gotta shoot a bunch of dream
videos so unfortunately we weren't able
to join them wait not a few more
confirmations for people coming over to
shoot more drink videos because it's the
last night's we got to get everything in
that we were trying to shoot our goal is
10 we're up to seven hopefully we can
get three more if not seven videos is
great in two days so I'm still happy but
I we have to for sure lined up and we'll
see if we can get that third so let's
get to it my buddy Steve cardinals
coming up now to do a drink I'm excited
I've been a fan of Steve since he was
doing all of his you know i'll call his
crazy shenanigans this crazy videos is
like especially that the wrecking ball
was just so funny but he's he's coming
up right now and we're gonna shoot a
drink so I'm looking forward to it we're
shooting kind of a little bit of a twist
on a classic so I think I think it we
found a good fit for him a good one for
him it's the last night and it's the
last part I'm going to the what's
trending party your show oh you finished
the training was great was delicious
can't say well drink it was but he
finished it because he took it with him
I said you could take it it's really
good so there's proof that it's good yes
so you guys will see when it goes up to
the party now we'll see for support
three as long as you can Elena scream
fuck
Oh
Oh
and
Oh
Oh
we're back up in the room now to do
another drink video with the other half
of wassabi productions doing it with Roy
I would good I would good one plant
present what it's a shot it's a shot is
it had one it's a bedroom no I think
this one will be really is gonna do to
me know okay I'm happy Alex battle I
know I remember the other ones kind of
killed out haha you got killed from the
other one yeah I was like oh I gotta
remember I said oh yeah yeah that's
balusters that well this one this one's
a little on the lighter in so but but
I'm excited for this this one we this
will be good one all rights duties
thanks for doing the drink thanks for
having me yes yeah you just gets it you
get to just have it have a drink and
party in what yoooo yo both of you are
coming right yeah yeah let's see it yeah
2015 back in the morning trying to line
BMO I leave me got one more tonight baby
one more tomorrow morning i'm not sure
but right now we gotta figure out which
drinks want them to do if they're gonna
do it
we're doing one last video tonight and
it's with a youtuber that I've been
watching for years and I'm a big fan and
he's been in my vlog before cuz I bumped
into him in santa monica on main street
but now we're here playlist and it's la
be step do how good I am at making that
face I know I see that face of the
videos we own the convent does so easy
no we're doing today what can we go I
soon I could we could vlog I want a spec
is blogging now right go I want to vlog
while Alex long but actually he
presented me with a chance to make my
own la be shot and it's gonna be pretty
badass so you know what I don't give a
fuck I don't fucks I'm allowed to swear
if you have to keep it PG I was going to
make the shot have to go take a shit
have a good day oh ok see that's one of
the reasons i'm a big fan nice we're
making an epic shot I think it's gonna
be so cool I can't wait for you guys to
see this and what I think I think he's I
think he's proving an hour in a better
no no no you don't you don't know poop
in the potty helps at the politic we
just finished shooting the drink and we
totally changed it up I had a set drink
and we we totally made it his version
gonna shoot my ass he end up renaming
the shop we made a fire on my eyes he
shit on fire we made the LA bees balls
of steel my mouth is burning my chest is
burning I'm in so much pain I've acid
reflex I kinda I want to get rid of it
oh my god it's yeah wait till you see
this one I gotta put this one up soon oh
my god
Christmas this was hard this was tough
okay guys well i am absolutely exhausted
i need to go to bed you go to sleep
we're going back to New York tomorrow
due wednesday hit every glue bit olay
stop yawning Alex oh how many of you
guys just yawn because I did that I was
like I was like trying to stop the on
midway through and it was just making it
worse oh you're not exhausted what are
you not exhausted hey uh I really need
to go sleep but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching got a lot of awesome drink
videos coming your way we manage to get
to this point managed to get 10 videos
done the last two days what tendrich
videos i'm so excited i think we have
one more we might do tomorrow morning if
possible I don't even know if I wake up
for it I don't know but I want to so I
will try to do that I'm gonna go to
sleep so on that note I'll see you guys
again tomorrow here come here oh you
good boy light slap to the face light go
look at money more I'll do it not that's
crazy lets you know you know oh wow but
now it's not symmetrical I need yo Jase
laughs you guys ever heard of that bit
more high fibers love and so I said hey
zotti live on Lauren and Ian a one on
the Sun bakes mythical
