hey guys it's a new day today and we're
getting set up for the drinks right here
we got the the mic on here in the lights
right now we're setting up its that
looks weird for a drink but that's
actually for a Foo sees drink and he
doesn't drink alcohol so we're gonna be
making something a little different for
his and yeah so you guys will see what
that is I think he's on his way up to
the room right now and then we'll get
started shooting drink videos today
ready to go where it look easy ready to
film what's up you're the first one to
feel west side you know what they were
on the east side aren't we go east side
it's okay that I'm Weston was I think
that was like almost the shocker I don't
know I just watched it husband so I
thought I was like no yeah I that's a
close to I lives I feel like I'm like
pretty much straight outta compton we're
about to make some virgin drinks for
some virgins yeah he doesn't use a drink
man he's never had sex so let's get to
it now next up we have Mr Alex yeah i'm
confused cuz we have the same name so i
feel like if we if you went to the
bathroom I would accidentally wipe your
ass oh that that's a common mistake yes
because we have the same name oh yeah I
get it we're actually gonna be making a
flaming shot we've actually done a fly
one before we did the flaming b-52 so
now we're doing another one together
this is our third one but we're not
doing any more wasabi martinis and a
disgusting we had stomach ache for a
long time but let's do this good oh its
peer pressure I don't even want I'm just
trying to have sex with you that means
like the whole thing why don't you just
watch the reactions after my stomach is
still burning from the other one oh well
then you should wash it down no I gotta
like hey I gear and get in I feel like a
terrible i can't be pressurized yeah i
did it's just it's to soho it's to piano
oh yeah I 25 guys go
but ok here light light slap to the face
light go look at money more I'll do it
God does you crazy let you know ya know
but now it's not symmetrical I need yo
Jase you guys ever heard of that big I
fibers love i know i said hey Josh
change my vote Lauren and Ian I want on
the sub-base crazy know this I get it
out don't put them okay Fran okay get it
out girl not 20 don't hit it I don't
wanna watch this oh my god who are you
like a reaction from Brisbane I know
just don't to some cute everyone why
don't we sip it really slow yeah okay
ready uh chasers no no that's gonna go
don't let us cut down five four three
two one oh so slow like oh yeah how did
you even watch it every time and it's so
warm I'm so good reasons not to drink is
like your bra bra this face right here
oh yeah looking at it yeah oh that's
good one I've only shot to drink videos
so far and I'm kind of getting I'm
feeling this alcohol so I have a day of
shooting I don't know maybe I just like
take sips of the other ones you're a
lightweight a line of those drinks was
alcoholic yeah we had two of them oh
yeah yeah you did I did have to know
though you did you forget that
yeah okay well it still sounds that that
we're saying two drinks I have it well
it still sounds bad we're saying we had
two drinks they were like when you see
the drink video you'll see what these
two drinks word well you'll see the me
and Alex that shot but they're double
shots with like bacardi 151 and sevens a
lot and I haven't drink it in a while so
definitely hit me harder than I thought
it would i I just I just met some cool
view at 18 right eighteen twenty twenty
eighteen 18 0 18 number one fan right
and he's 20 oh look I suck I actually
haven't seen one of the balls yet well
except for it in the ball pit when I was
at his place but you got one of the
signed balls small more thing how's it
going what's your name do you know Tina
you're gonna be on the blog it's unreal
yes I can't believe you had the blog for
tomorrow it should be meeting you
because of how crazy would be to even
come across well not now you're on the
10 he said he's a daily watcher he want
I was like did you see today's he was
likewise other one are you getting
alcohol is like yeah that was today's
well yesterday for you guys and I
finally
see the fuzzy in person yeah the weird
fuzzy thing do you want to pet it you
can pet it I'm petting the viewers it is
it's good luck to pet my fuzzy we're not
in my hotel room now where I haven't
seen this person so long here's the
thing yeah tell me the thing I had to
leave your fan and I soon I know what I
had to there was no way to get in here I
have to leave anything I bought for you
you know good news is what nobody
another one yeah you know what I will no
well I won't even let me pay I tried to
pay him back for that man he would not
take on my house today no shall I just
had lunch talk about it said you bought
it from I don't know yet and I wouldn't
let him pay me back for the fan he tried
to offer bunch of times but I didn't
know I was it was my gift you can't pay
for your own gift thank you all right
we're going to Nando's for lunch lunch
time yeah it's packed in here it smell
good oh my god it's I'm like it for sure
yeah it smells like it's all good though
I think we do any work yeah cuz all my
you guys comfortable are you guys
comfortable you wish your master it's
usually nice and warm when there's two
guys with you right what'd he say here
appetizers appetizers yeah maybe y'all
vendors here got the flu lined up
chicken chicken yeah I just really we're
going on a little sightseeing now to
check out some of the big landmarks in
DC first one biggest one the White House
the book of life I've been in the White
House i wish i was a vlogger when i was
in the White House does that'd be really
cool blog but now i'm showing you guys
on the outside I know the guy lives
there roughly how personally of course
Oh
Oh
there's way too many people here too
many people I don't about ok cost for me
you so many
wherever I go this is when I see this I
think it's funny whenever I want to vlog
if you happen to be around another
blogger they kind of narrate your blog
you're just talking just like in the
background of life yeah normally I do
try to wait like you shoot yours I shoot
mine we don't try it at the same time
we're on a limited time here it's big I
want someone to do that for me
maybe I should just run for president
perfect
we're being tourists today that's okay
it's cool this is our
our country's history a lot of woe now
back in the lobby getting pretty hectic
for them roaming and usage so we're
going to part ways we're going to go
upstairs prep up some drink steps we
still gonna shoot some great videos
today and then brought you have to pee
yes you can go pee now he's been saying
what are we gonna go out with your
people now you may pee how do you like
the tripod it says it's awesome here's
that you gonna do drinking a picture and
also creative well because we I want to
bring a full-size tripod so I was like
we'll figure it out I just want
something to keep it dead have a
full-size tripod here with me do you yes
have you used it yeah well here I used I
use it on my trip oh that makes sense I
didn't need a use for it here but that's
I brought I brought my like gorilla pod
thing but it's going well so i'm going
to be doing drink videos with Roman with
Brittany and then with both of them so
we're getting three videos out of this I
think I think they're gonna turn out
threesome yeah oh how I she's trying to
do something to me what on your bed oh
well don't hang out on my bed now it's
we just finished making a drink it was
actually really quick really good what
three minutes probably yeah probably
didn't ask honey thanks just started the
rest of our visit was the cranberry we
just shot yeah is it dirties now i'm
doing a video Whitney you guys have been
I'm doing this because you guys have
asked not because i watch i really don't
want to so I'm gonna know I actually I
do want to we're doing it for the five
hundred dollars see oh you don't tell
them thank you they think that we're
friends well did I pay him so much my
know if I get a lot of Twitter for me to
go drink video yeah and this will be
good this little too this is a really
good one I think you a lot of you guys
want to try this one so you'll see it
soon if you're over the age of 21 unless
you're in like Montreal 18 have a really
bad dad yeah just saying
happens yeah just if you're of age drink
response well we are we now got to do
dinner dinner time dinner pretty cool
white boy don't jump I'm jumping know
hopefully the alarm doesn't go oh here
we go here we go they're letting us in
with always let us in he loves and we're
in time he didn't look who I found in my
bed have you been in my bed this whole
time uh-huh no I heard you last night
through my vent really they heard me
earlier they did you enjoy the Drake we
dismayed that was fucking awesome yeah
we just made a really good night he just
tastes delicious it's in it's like it's
like one of those like white russians or
Caucasians with banana yeah if we made
like a banana type of shot you guys will
see it when it comes out but it was
really good I was actually surprised
both of us when we were making it like I
had to pretend that it was gonna taste
good and then it really tasted really
good they really was seriously I was
like super surprised I'm pouring the
drink one third of this month reason
you're like pouring one-third of bottles
of alcohol into a glass a shot you're
like I'm gonna fucking hate this hey
Senor like holy shit I know it looks
like I haven't left but I just went down
to go like the party hang out do a lot
of stuff it's almost two in the morning
my camera literally just died that's why
that clip ended so like my camera just
died so I had to let the battery charge
now I'm gonna go there's about it like I
don't know even 15 minutes left at the
party so I don't even know if I'll even
time to show you guys but let's go back
down um Brandon you a go back down I
can't aim the camera that way because
I'm with it I come to you stop it stop
it let's go back down when I was book
club
but yeah so we're gonna go back down
hang up a little bit and then I don't
know probably call it a night soon so he
can wake up and start some new drink
videos tomorrow it's definitely probably
going to be a lot more empty than for
what
never
you tired I'm exhausted feel like that
that was the same like clip that we had
yesterday I was like you tired he's I'm
exhausted I am exhausted and now not
only do I have to edit this vlog but I
also have to edit the drink video i did
with Roman and Britni because I want
that to go up at the same time as this
so it is going but the same time as this
it's already up for you guys because I
did the work last night which I'm
actually gonna do right now yeah let's
get to it definitely gonna do that but
um that means that I'm going to end it
here and get to work so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching I hope you enjoy that
everything is that the link to the drink
video will be down in the description
below and on that note I will see you
guys again soon goodbye you know when
you when you run out of space yeah them
and make do with what you got so we
turned your bed into a fold-up bed I get
to sleep here tonight yeah that's your
spot right there that doesn't fall oh if
we just let house can we come in now
they'd be like what the hell are you
doing to our room you know we should do
what
