so it's the first day of playlist right
now and I got my pass on that was a
special guest you don't know the person
that tells me I was special as my mother
I didn't believe her now that they tell
me I'm special it must be true
who goes to a hotel room and makes their
own bed I do yours looks okay mine looks
perfect
yeah because my girlfriend's okay well I
have to make my own no we're trying to
make it look a little nicer in here
because we wanted to do the drink videos
I don't want people coming up here to a
messy room if we shoot them in here or
anything that so we're gonna go down and
start exploring I'm hungry you were
probably gonna get some food Brandon
will shine my shoes while I'm eating and
then we'll get started on our day it is
so hot moving out here we gotta go get
the drinks ready
we're gonna have lots of shopping yeah
we will we should be over there
we should definitely move her back we'll
definitely over back well hop out go
away we're going to wine total wine
right two miles from here so two miles
okay absorb Tori I don't know everyone
in this field let's get like this heat
is very different than la la it's like
pretty humid but this is like they're
even outside it's nice but it's hot or a
lot two miles of us it's good news
we just took an uber about 25 minutes
away when you say into Virginia to go I
some of the liquor that I need for the
videos are not regular types of liquor
where you can buy it like a supermarket
or a regular liquor store they're weird
so you have to go to like a liquor
warehouse store like BevMo or Total Wine
we found a total wine out here but it
was pretty far away so we're just
getting here now well is it open Oh
entrance that way I was like oh no oh
these the blue balls you like that yeah
so this found a big total wine so
hopefully they'll have everything you
need you good to go
so much liquor stuff oh I like it black
people oh and we need some glassware we
don't have class word they've only
glassware here so we noted every glass
that we need to buy that's what we did
note every glass every stone yeah we
know which ones we got to get we just
got to get them I'm gonna buy a lot of
stuff those of you that live here in
Virginia are probably already laughing
at me for coming here for liquor we
didn't know that they don't sell liquor
in any of these stores you have to go to
ABC stores just like alcohol beverage
control at least that's what ABC means
in California so this is embarrassing I
was like I don't see any liquor
Aaron looks I mean in beer and wine fair
like apparently Virginia is not the
party stood yeah but luckily he said
eight doors that I guess we didn't have
to go this far but eight doors down is
one of the ABC stores so we'll go there
hopefully they'll have everything we
need that's this is embarrassing I
should have done more research there we
go and it is the Department of Alcoholic
Beverage Control okay now we now are in
the right place this is better right all
this stuff again bunch of bunch of stuff
here they actually have my favorite
urban Blanton's we got everything except
one ingredient I don't know if we're
gonna get we might have to sub it with
something else we just got everything we
needed pretty expensive but it's worth
it for as many videos we're gonna do we
filled two boxes liquor so we'll see how
it looks back at a hotel build their
self a minibar not many this is this is
like we're supplying a party maybe we'll
just have a party in the hotel room that
way we get more use out of it
people would lay on our bed flower bed
ups on the wall never we have more space
than we that works in your room at your
parents house Oh what then that how your
room is at your parents house in your
bed flip into the wall it does you're
right right that's good well I didn't
know what you're talking about yeah so
we're gonna head back to hotel now
unload this we stopped to get glassware
which we didn't end up getting and we
got to get a blender just got back now
and got our bar set up all the stuff
that we need yeah so if you're watching
this near playlists come party
we got some liquor I don't know I'm
gonna do this after we still have to go
get a blender and some glasses some of
these glasses like this we can already
use this if I need like a rocks glass
but we're gonna need some other ones
like a highball glass or do everything's
like that so we'll probably go
maybe Walgreens or something get a
blender and get those glasses see where
we go find it so if you want things to
get but then I would pretty much ready
to go any any of the rocks glasses
drinks we're good right now definitely
good to go we got everything
non-alcoholic yesterday if you watch the
vlog what we realized though is we need
like a bar thing there to like actually
make drinks now we try to move this but
the TV's actually attached down on to it
and it can't really move its I guess so
no one steals the TV I don't know what
do you think this one today like the
Ottoman yeah maybe cool even if we had
two leather chairs yeah maybe when Roman
comes to take his leather chairs I don't
know people are gonna watch us you know
we could do we could take the ironing
board if there's a 19-4 in the closet
and just drape a sheet over it that way
we make like a bar it is really good I
just might work I think let's just try
it yes open it
well that as big as it gets yeah stand
behind it yeah man that that is a bar
that's a bar five or someone you know
what I think it is what time think close
the shade behind you like the dark shade
- yeah because the backlighting yeah no
oh and then we'll just have to front
light you turn we can turn on these yeah
we could take these shades off we could
figure out a way take that and we can
aim them we'll figure this out yeah I
don't know oh don't break we'll figure
this out okay they just brought us up
the sheets I think this one be good here
try throwing this one on not that much
he needs help
there we go I think it looks pretty good
let's fix up the bottom a little here
here pull on that side just a little
yeah there we go
now pull it out a little yeah
perfect yeah that could easily be a bar
exactly I would I would have that an
event just fix out these creases and
stuff
well iron it no that looks good that
looks good I think it's good they're
calling to make sure we got the towels I
guess are the sheets you know when you
when you run out of space um and make do
with what you got
so we turned your bed into a fold-up bed
sleep here tonight
yeah that's your spot right there oh if
we just let house can we come in now
they'd be like what the hell are you
doing to our room you know we should do
what switch the two beds well you would
know
I think you're kidding yeah stupid yes
and now we could just set up the camera
like here and it looks good we're going
to make sure we have lighting and stuff
oh that looks great yeah I'll just clean
out those boxes okay we got ourselves a
set when you're need of a some cheap
blender stuff and drink supplies
Walgreens works found a blender for like
25 bucks and a four pack of this glasses
those are ten for four glasses yeah now
I think all we need is a shot glass or
two and maybe set the set got our
blender our glassware everything will
probably actually need to put the
blender therefore the plug because we're
not an extension cord unless they have
one here but it's all coming together
videos will come soon
definitely we're actually thinking we
may not have to lift the bed we have
that set up there and the camera here
with a light so we can get that and then
it doesn't even look bad it's gonna be
hard to tell on here here let me see uh
she so there's I think it's a good I
think it's a good setting the way this
the lighting seems to be good we just
set the the white balance and everything
I'm excited I think I think we got
something here we just grabbed a little
thing to eat it was good right that's
good this time yeah that was really good
really good yeah chicken trips Oliver
but now we're heading to the VIP party
I don't know what to expect but I can
hear it something that should be pretty
cool let's see let's see
tomorrow
rather they are looking for people
window
we just left the party and I'm like
trying to talk a little quiet cuz I
think I was yelling a lot and my voice
is going away and I'm really scared
because I gotta shoot drink videos all
tomorrow so now we're probably gonna go
back up and you gotta have some tea or
something
my voice probably sounds fine to you but
I'm talking about quiet soon as I get
louder it starts like crack up and do we
at them
so I'm nervous and it's good as soon as
I go up the charts to go away so
definitely need some tea we had a good
night we were hanging out with ownage
pranks for a little while so I couldn't
really show that because it's secret
so we're gonna probably call it a night
now right
so let's go up to you let's go get we
just got back to the room and we've been
hearing weird noises we couldn't figure
out what it's kind of like this doesn't
sound let's come from the wall and we
realize it's coming from that vent right
there I'll try to put the camera closer
so you guys can hear what we hear
time to make sortie and we don't
remember coffee cups I'm just using one
of the glass cups we have hopefully it
doesn't explode but we're using one of
these it won't explode I'm just saying
that I have this organic chamomile tea
you tired yeah me too I got the tea all
ready to go I got a hold it with a towel
because this glass is really hot but I'm
going to drink this and just crash out
and have a good day tomorrow hopefully I
know we will
I know we will so that's all I got for
you guys today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and that note I'll see you guys
again soon goodbye
I can change time
