hey guys it's a new day today and mr.
Brandon and I are leaving New York but
we're going to head to the airport we're
going to Washington DC for platelets
live hopefully meet a bunch of you guys
you'll be there remember if you don't
have a ticket he always tweet me and
Alex Mandel and tell me you're outside
and i'll try to come as meet as many as
you as many do I can I was with Roman
last night I was like we should do like
a meet up outside of playlist so
everyone could think I'm I think it'd be
fun and so I think he wants to do that
too we'll figure it out I don't have any
details yet but that's where we're
headed now and looking forward to it you
ruin your ready to go where they don't
have to kiss you oh yeah yeah we're not
going I mean playlist huh that's exactly
list that what you're trying to say yeah
yeah there's nothing yeah yeah you're
not a point out
debate it
we're in DC now we're here look at the
windows the windows have playlist live
symbols they're just taken over this
marriott right here time to ahead in get
checked in get moving a look look at
this all this playlist live stuff you
ready for this oh we're stuck sorry I've
always did you get hit oh it was not
okay we're in we're good we're here
ready I don't know where do we go check
in I'd rather front desk front desk I
would soon yes usually it's very quiet
right now I think tomorrow would be a
little bit louder but it's looking good
yeah we check in over there hopefully
hopefully we have a room I didn't
double-check that not too shabby not too
shabby you got herself a good view of
their of the of the DC area yes beauty
of the D get the view today see area
yeah so let's just get comfortable
you're about to be really bad though
what they don't have Wi-Fi you liar I
swear such a liar I guess Wi-Fi what do
they have that 1695 a day 1695 yeah but
for that it's worth it well we gotta
upload so we're gonna need it whatever
dude I'm so stupid that was stupid am i
doing it stupid Brandon was talking to
someone one time and they said he was
trying to explain to them that what I do
is a vlogger and they're like so what if
he's just taking a shit does he blogged
that too oh yeah I can do that on my
blog this is not you took the toilet
paper Brandon give it oh there's no
where's that fine fine well I have your
shower your towel for your shower right
here yeah yeah I'm not actually a
massive towel damn it Brandon I know you
guys are thinking that was disgusting
but come on let's be real here most of
you watch this guys and girls watch my
vlog while you're on the toilet doing
your business because I know that
because I watched most of the vlogs that
i watch while I'm on the toilet but hey
that was like Brandon said just for
shits and giggles right he can't get
settled into place until you sit down go
downstairs grab some food he got his was
that like a buffalo chicken salad I got
this Greek salad here chicken Greek
get to it fill up these bellies and then
yourself some funny I don't know what
we're doing it's not playlist yet so
we'll figure it out Brandon and I are
now doing some work on the computer i'm
not gonna love that focus because we are
picking drinks to shoot with people here
playlist we probably have I don't know
i'd say at least 10 drink videos lined
up maybe more at least at least right at
least tank solid really good ones for
you girls yeah so we're gonna try to
pump out a lot of videos in the next
three days trying to get more than 10 10
or more videos in three days is as a
stretch but i think we could do it it's
also going to be really a lot of money
to buy all this liquor I couldn't bring
any with me i'm not going to pack all my
bar so now it's already 1030 five pm
we're solidifying all the drinks you
want because we weren't sure exactly who
we'd be able to do with once we solidify
these drinks then I go out and I buy all
the liquor need it for I'm literally
gonna have like a small bar in this room
and then not know how to get rid of it
when we have to leave I'm gonna have to
find like a fan that's a viewer someone
that's 21 that i could just be like you
can have it all or just give it to other
people i don't know what to do we gotta
figure it out but hope we're seeing if
we could finish this in time we found a
liquor store half a mile away that's
open till 2am so we want to get this all
done before playlist starts tomorrow so
we can just start like hey scheduling in
x and trying to shoot them all in this
in my in our room in here try to figure
out different things so it would be kind
of difficult but i think we can do this
I'm Marty I'm having fun with it because
it's it's already difficult it's a
challenge we just finished putting all
the drink stuff together and it's like
what time is it 12 what 15 12 15 and the
liquor store said it was going to be up
until two but they were wrong they're
not and apparently the law is here you
could drink in a bar to like to but you
can't go to a storm by alcohol after
midnight so we're 15 minutes screwed on
that I guess we have to go tomorrow
sometime during the first day of
playlist to go get it ah I wanted to
have like all this stuff prepared it's
hard whatever will do we have to do we
get tomorrow we decided to be productive
anyway so we're getting everything we
can get without all pretty much stuff
without getting the liquor cuz we can't
we decided to still go shopping and buy
everything else we need so that we don't
what it's everything else that we won't
have to worry about tomorrow we'll just
pick up the liquor will be good to go
the weirdest thing ever tonight so we're
walking across the street from us this
car just like literally straightforward
just shoots on to a curve and blows
their tires and like if anyone was on
the curb it would have just destroyed
them and we were like oh my god how
crazy is that like how do you just drive
onto a curb blow your tires we went to
the market the guy was still trying to
drive his car I don't know if he was
drunk or what he was doing and then now
another car as you're walking right
behind us
he hit the tire yeah you okay why don't
you pull into the hotel right we're
gonna help her change a tire but
literally right behind us she hopped the
curb like probably 15 feet behind as a
friend and I were like what is going on
tonight like the second car in 20
minutes to fly up on a curb and blow
their tire this is it was the first time
I ever saw it like the last guy and then
20 minutes later she does it so weird i
don't i think someone wants to hit us
someone wants us hit by cars
I can change the tire
yeah I think you're probably pull the
tire off
how is it there we go we got it let's
bring this in okay
i'll be with this want to put this down
sing it at least help right now oh good
to go my name is that my name is Brandon
planning yeah I'm cristiana nice to meet
you I'm Alex yeah well let me provide
safe for ya all right oh and that car
just smacks change another two well I'm
hot and I'm sweaty and we got to get
some of the stuff needs to be
refrigerated to take it up you know what
guys though if you ever see anyone and
they just need help in some way do it
yeah I don't know I couldn't tell you
you're gonna get something great in
return but it wouldn't hurt to try it or
just do it not even to get something
good in return just do what to do it
feels good to do something nice you know
what i thought was like the worst thing
though of that whole thing was a a lot
of people walked by and watched us they
probably thought it was our car but they
would walk by there like that sucks are
all bummer no one said like do you need
a hand or anything so I don't know i'll
send you fix me just offer next time
season I got to watch my hands my hands
are black both this is and I'm touching
my camera and everything I gotta go wash
my hands 150 for a so that's my day
that's its we're in DC I'm happy to be
here I'm ready to go to sleep get
started tomorrow have a good day at
playlist good first day go get all the
drink stuff ready start pounding those
out just getting to work and having fun
and seeing a lot of you guys it'll be
great so I I can't wait to go to sleep
just so I could wake up and do that and
yeah it's all I got so on that note I
will see you guys again soon right
tomorrow tomorrow see you guys again
soon goodnight hey you can't you guys
can't get in I guess
now we're going to we're going to dinner
hello by the way oh yeah no that's okay
it's again how to go dinner
