hey guys it's a new day today I'm being
a little quiet because they're doing
like run-through stuff over here on the
stage my dad's not here but we decided
to come explore Radio City Music Hall
because why not
right yeah sometimes in New York the
ceilings are lower so it just makes you
feel like when you're walking on a store
you're a giant it's like he's it's hard
to tell on here yeah but here put your
hand on the roof so they could see him
right above your head so they could see
it yeah it's like yeah it's even having
surprisingly even I feel like the China
market is so weird with these low
ceilings walking through the aisles
makes it feel like we're huge I'm back
in the hotel room now and I got a text
from Roman that he'll be in New York and
he wants to get dinner tonight I told
him he should come to age 18 but I
realized he said he's gonna he always
has to stop and get for those you that
watch his stuff and know him he always
no matter where he goes has to have a
box fan in his room and I thought it'd
be hilarious just to he's probably gonna
want to go buy one I'll just be like no
no I got something I want to come over
here or something we'll figure out some
way to do it but anyway I'm gonna wanna
I'm gonna give him a box fan so we're
gonna go find what I just think it'd be
funny to already have one like oh by the
way you left this in my place where I
brought this for you or something I just
think it'd be a funny thing to do we're
gonna try to get a box fan because he
always needs one to sleep so we're gonna
attempt to find one okay you couldn't
have been more perfect of a situation
and got all of these up here okay I'll
put this away
I have the Box fan I guess I got the Box
vent and I found a lady friend who's on
my bed right now who can it be
it's amazing you know they've been
asking they go what about Macy in New
York and I'm here in a year but we she
doesn't have time to go to to dinner
tonight so we're gonna end up doing
dinner Monday right when I come back
we'll do dinner Monday but I'm she she
doesn't work too far from here so I
still wanted to see her and I'm happy
that I got to see you yeah yeah we're
hanging out for a little bit yeah I'm
only sitting this far away from her
because she stays I'm like used to look
great guys don't lie to me dear lie to
me you look crazy
Brandon I now are walking over to goes
see results announcer a penis
oh we're going to do America's Got
Talent right now we only got 15 minutes
little show start somewhere
still wish we're pretty close it's right
it's right up there
but we're walking right now and then
afterward I think we're gonna meet up Oh
Roman something okay
no they didn't jump you jumped you can't
see I can't see you but I don't think
they jumped we'll check it with me
I don't think did it anyway we're gonna
see a GT and yeah
should be fun
I move away from you Jim
yeah there's the one-bedroom today
Michelle literally just and then we're
actually standing up here before some of
the judges yeah we should probably go
where they gone we go
and to go I'm just deciding to film them
you can't you guys can't get in I guess
now we're going to we're going to dinner
hello by the way
yeah no that's okay that's okay
we're going to one of my favorite
restaurants now here in New York called
catch and these are one of the special
restaurants we're going with Rome and my
dad we're leaving tomorrow for DC so I'm
gonna you know it's good still even when
you're dieting to have these meals where
you can like like she feels like feels
that means something not just like walk
or not being like I want a burger from
McDonald's this one will be good I think
you'll like it too mr. Brandon yeah now
he says for them yeah actually no I've
eaten here before this place yeah but
we're not going this place we're going
to catch or Abimelech that's ketchup
their catch is definitely place to try
so what do you think dude I'm speechless
I knew it I mean she's I it's 20 inches
of one leisure yeah well enjoy your
enjoy your fan
enjoy your fan okay guys well that's all
I got for you for today I'm glad Roman
liked his fan and I having such a fun
night it's a good night I know Brandon
had a good time
Roman and Brittany of your time my dad
enjoyed himself I think Heidi did too I
mean how you got to got to kiss me so
she must be feeling really lucky she's
lucky that she got to do that well
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and tomorrow I'll be leaving to DC for
playlist live so I will hopefully meet
as many of you that will be there as I
possibly can because I really want to
and if you don't have tickets but you
live in the area I would still love to
meet you so be sure to tweet me just add
Alex and I down let me know and I'll try
to come out of playlists as much as
possible just to go out to meet you guys
and say hi and get you guys in the vlog
I think you'd be great so well just have
a good time I'm looking forward to it we
are trying to line up a ton of drink
videos I think we have possibly like 10
that we're trying to shoot at least the
next two days which is great it means
we're gonna have a lot of drink videos
going up so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
watching I will see you guys again soon
no my we going to are you going on right
now going on right now
and look who's here and we're not we're
not on Twitch would you pull it so I
guess it quits lips which is like one
sound shorter better it's live streaming
of a
