hey guys it's a new day today a little I
wish miss Andre and today we're doing
something extra special because I was
actually gone her birthday was Saturday
at perfect and I wasn't here I was in
Vegas I thought I wanted to take her
somewhere special for her birthday and
we're going to her favorite place where
we goin take swag magic oh yeah we're
trying to get a giant turkey like really
save it well why don't we never get one
we will finally get it to do beep
rebirth that's we're headed now we are
super excited left still and we are
arriving x2 x2 looks extreme XQ is crazy
I never agree like I realized this is
like it looking at it I was paranoid
welcome to Six Flags maybe they were
like smoking or drinking or something
because yeah that cop is checking the
bags of everything yeah maybe they
rolled up like maybe they've rolled up
yeah well maybe they rolled up like so
hey and drinking and like someone saw
them damn arresting him right there put
him in the car they found something I
want to know what happened here's a pro
tip for you guys if you come here and
you buy a day you get the rest of the
year free at that same price so we have
these and passes which means we don't
pay entry so you can use that money
towards getting a Fast Pass which is
fifty dollars each round and page 85 for
the ticket market retrain yourself yeah
you have a large power yeah and like all
right sounds like a discount daily
ticket to be able to cut the line I
don't know I think it's a good deal
first ride of the day
Goliath all right this one's my favorite
I know which one your favorite is
tattoo really well then you lied to me
before we made it
sure I think so yes
yeah of course
yeah first round of the day like I know
dry one right now I feel like that I
know but now we already put in a
reservation for the next rider pass time
quicker but what a grab beer will be
wait yes so Jane Lee hot I'm like
sweating up like glistening time for an
ice cold beer she is
we found shade and we're going to take a
little like trampling we found a trolley
to take us up like like it was we got
this baby would they give this thing and
so it makes me like how slaughter yeah
it's not even that far it just goes to
right there rather than walking like oh
we're out there is a bridge whereas
higher proudness I am right by nothing
it was swearing wanna go next yeah I
mean I guess gonna fly
I just don't like that it doesn't feel
like very much sales week on issues like
hanging over the edge there's no straps
to so extra buckle it's just a
mechanical safety
I don't know you try to be bearings all
the time
oh okay guys we land we made it you know
it's one of those things that's just
like you know they always say like you
don't need to allow yourself to be like
open to unnecessary risk
I just won that's like because it
literally just sang to you and you know
there's notice like like even good
iodized like an extra like buckle like
just in case unlocked which makes me
think that there's a possibility to the
lock so with that being said I'm hanging
over the edge with nobody if you get out
of that thing when you're flying you're
gone I guess in their mind they're like
you know how to put a bucket like if it
open they're gone anyway look at what
we're getting turkey legs like we tried
to get a 30 like for the past like four
times we've gone to an amusement park
it's never been a plan so finally
we're saying is massive we'll hold it up
so you can see it next to your head
grab the end
jeez weights off please you got to be
better yes
well it's also really hot okay just
currently burning my hat yep
oh yeah it's a gay youth it yeah ready
yeah I am
oh you just watching a subway from the
beach that's the basic okay yeah let's
get a picture
now this is so hot we're going to do a
water ride our first water right
Oh
where's this no club me I might shoot
look at this water comes to lips oh my
god you are strokes down your bag oh
really why when everyone buys shoes or
clothes for my bag well your bag is
trying out is upon funnybot is already
dry
Oh
we did a bunch of ride not all of them
were filmed I've actually done both of
us have done another Six Flags vlog
which you guys can find here on the
channel but I want to like keep showing
you all the rides it's kind of giving
you a tape all the bigger ones we are
here for her birthday
hurricane Jeter I wanted to hold that
thing is a little tough it is
I have always afraid I'm going to drop
it I'm like I just want to like enjoy
this time as well over sticking of
almost like that bug did I yeah it's
like really close we're heading out now
it's time for us to go I'm tired really
tired me we did it today we stay longer
than yeah I think I'm going to take you
to birthday dinner yes my pass out at it
that's okay
going down oh yeah baby oysters oysters
oysters looks like our favorite and so
long I have that noise drinking forever
whatever I want Cheers
where'd you get seafood pasta yeah you
know what I got and you know what you
guys would like you that you could tell
them to do pasta
Budi Budi you aione Rubio neo neo they
own a cone a Hyundai they yeah look at
that
oh do do they would just go back to my
place but on the way we picked up a
special girl here's the special girl
sister Berthe oh ho pepper pepper pepper
boy boy
he doesn't have anything you liar
you said loud I am headed out this
episode I had sort buds of a lady yes in
a wise if he did that I know we love
going to Magic Mountain it has actually
getting that long since you've been
there but last time we went we were only
there for like two hours
that's true well now we'll have to go
more office Peschel II can see other
things bad
we had tangled I'll see you later hey I
had so much fun today we always love
going over to Six Flags and just it's
just a fun day all around so hope you
guys enjoyed watching it but that is all
I got for you for today so without being
said I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
