hey guys it's a new day today and I
would mr. Brandon yeah he actually just
did my whole intro before it sounds like
I got to set the vlog and he was like
hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
with Brandon and we're heading down to
Radio City Music Hall which we are right
now to go meet up with my dad because
he's shooting some stuff for for
America's Got Talent so we're gonna go
meet up hang out there probably get
lunch at them then do some exploring I
don't know what's going on but we're in
New York City we're happy and looks at
the news you're making a rabbit out of a
napkin a rabbit and now it's okay so you
take it in there don't close keep it
open
and then you just take the point and you
bring it through and put your thumb to
this point cuz then okay relax okay then
you put it now grab okay back it's
almost there almost there this is what
is it mine wasn't as good first time and
there's a bunny like the bunny there we
go Alex do you like the bunny like the
bunny how do you like the money yeah
thank you like do you like a bunny
that's good that's good Thanks
now we're backstage here and everything
is
why is working everything to make it
look pretty for everyone watching
against big camera no huh yeah well he's
not wearing pants
and it's not that big yeah I was just
showing him the stage out there right
now it's so crazy without anyone there
actually I'll show you guys what it
looks like Radio City Music Hall this is
a gigantic I'll show you guys check this
out
the
craziness since we have a little bit of
time before tonight before the tonight
show Brandon and I decided now it's a
good time to do so to hit the gym go get
our workout in and everything get ready
so we can get cleaned up and be all good
for dinner and for the show get
everything all ready to go yeah so
that's what we're gonna do now just took
a shower
got a after the gym had a good workout
sesh Brandon he's in his room right now
taking a shower probably just finishing
so I think we have we have a little bit
of time to grab dinner before we got to
go to the show and then we're gonna head
over there and have a good time that's
what our plan is the plan is to have a
good time plan is there's a peanut now
doesn't sound like peanuts
no it doesn't it just sounds like plan
is okay yeah but we going to are you
going on right now going on right now
and look who's here and we're not we're
not on Twitch sound shorter it's live
streaming of a
yeah how often you get to see this for
you walking out
oh I know I know I see it I see it Eden
Eden I got it hey how's it going good
what's your name alone this is fun did
you enjoy the show yeah who's your
favorite judge oh that was that was a
good answer
I'm just kidding he's like right he's my
dad that's that's that's right and over
there you got but now you can't just go
quiet you just said they said wait they
want to be in the blog too
what's your name that works they want to
say hi and that one's like with the one
that went for it it's good to meet you
all done watch your step
all right good how are you people
take pictures with them they had to put
extra security to try to like nothing it
was they were super cool about it took
pictures with everyone they look really
cool guys but it was getting crazy after
show dinner we didn't get to do
inventory that amount of time you got
you tell mistake we're just drunk
oh I'm not sure but that was you got a
state I got a Thai shrimp salad no we're
gonna do if I head back to the hotel at
this I'm pretty tired already you're not
tired we're gonna head back up this
what's going on we're back now
we just got off of you now we decided to
stream I'm gonna stream also tomorrow
which is today for you guys probably a
little earlier so if you don't follow me
on you now make sure you do that it's
just Alex Mandel you know comma slash
Alex Mandel because that's where I
stream live so we can hang out live and
not just commenting and me answering we
could actually talk back and forth which
is left foot but I had a good day today
you and you enjoy yourself today yeah I
had a great time today it's fun here in
time in New York in it in the time
Indonesia time square but you're in your
eyes I'm in New York yeah okay I get
that so he's gonna go back to his room
now and we're both gonna crash and have
a new day tomorrow start all fresh but I
hope you guys enjoyed watching this and
that's all I got so on that note I will
see you guys again tomorrow
good bye Cheers
strap
witcher's apple juice
