hey guys it's a new day I'm leaving the
office now we're leaving we're are you
not coming yeah I'm gone okay Brandon's
here no I'm not going oh you're just
you're working here now yeah we're going
to New York right now oh you clean the
fish this ain't no this little fish my
mother Oh by us can we give you a hookup
I looked at right time oh yeah goodbye
we're going to New you or so what we're
doing is the reason I'm going to New
York is actually to save some money
because my dad does america's got talent
and so every week that he goes he goes
out there for NBC on a jet and they had
some extra seat so I was like the flight
is gonna be cheaper to go from new york
to DC than from LA to DC so we're
hitching a ride with him in the jet to
New York then I got then I bought
Brandon and I the flight to DC after a
couple days so we could spend some time
in New York but it saves us some money
on the flight so might as well plus
it's gonna be a lot of fun
cheers man
strap look
which are scavengers straw
the pit
valleys
I
we're here we're actually in jersey
right now but then we got drive to New
York we land in Jersey
yeah how'd it go I feel like these
lights totally they're just like super
scary in my eyes are they not
Alex
it's my room thought it was a lot about
somebody we decided to go for a walk
around we walking you doing Santa Monica
nah not in santa monica new york new
york exploring radio city music huh
that is where they shoot a GT the shoot
America's Got Talent so we're probably
going to go that tomorrow while my dad's
working and check it out everything and
see what's up uh yeah yeah okay guys
well it's time for me to crash out pass
out and wake up for tomorrow go to sleep
so I can wake up for tomorrow yeah cuz
I'm pretty tired at a full day of get
ready traveling around and now i'm here
walking around it anyway we're gonna
have fun we're gonna have a good time i
hope you guys enjoyed this and that's
all I got for you for today so on that
note I'll see you guys getting soon good
bye okay we're coming up to where all
the tow trucks are and everything let's
see let's see
why I yay you see it no there it is oh
come on all of this closer just for that
tight no Harvey you're getting pissed
too they got their trunk smashed in
whoop-dee-doo then again I don't know I
guess I didn't see the other car but
Harvey's pissed
