hey guys it's a new day today and I just
drove down to I had to park down here by
Third Street Promenade because I I'm
leaving town tomorrow to go to New York
than DC then back to New York in the
back here I'll be gone for 10 days I
don't own clothes for 10 days I rely on
a washer dryer for that so I'm gonna go
shopping and pick up obviously more
black clothing that pisses something you
guys off you're like to wear something
another plaque well maybe I don't want
to wear something other than black or
maybe I'll buy something other than
black I don't know we'll see you can do
whatever you want he said that he did
it's up to me if I want to put I want to
put you on you so that you watch every
day yeah yeah why wouldn't I put you on
a voice right are you supporting this
way would I do that cake what's your
name bhavesh why the fuck saved by
Americans so are you going sack what's
that yeah has nothing to do with my name
but it but it works easier for me to say
it about advertise that entire I teach
my name I say butter butter bajada
Mahathir perfect that out ok now it
didn't work that was easiest butter I do
not know how girls enjoy that and some
guys enjoy shopping I that was just long
I'm hot sweaty yeah I got a bunch of
cool stuff that I wanted but
how I'd rather shop online that's I mean
I guess you can't try it on but guess
who didn't try on anything me coach buy
online I got a whole bunch of different
bags from american apparel nike welcome
levi's it's just much stuff time to go
home I had to do laundry us that I have
clothes while I'm end in New York and DC
and I i realized that i want to watch
everything everything so I'm naked right
now I'm not going to aim the camera down
butt-naked and i'm doing laundry
hey kid I got all my laundry stuff done
I just made myself a salad for dinner if
I ate it and it wasn't super satisfying
because I would really love like like a
pizza but I'm not I'm not eating that
right now trying to try to do it do it
better for myself lose a little bit of a
you know belly fat what beats them well
it's getting later now and not it's
still like I don't know if I've decided
if i want to pack tonight or tomorrow
morning or what I want to do I have all
my stuff rage just gotta pack it up and
yeah so just just a lot of prep work
before we before we head out on our way
tomorrow now you guys know that I like
black to wear black and this is what
packing looks like for me that's
that's my assortment of wardrobe I do
have a few different color shorts shorts
I don't they don't need to be black like
these ones are gray I have some other
ones that aren't black in here just
shorts but jeans and t-shirts black hey
bud oh you bout to jump up here you bout
to jump up here you don't need to you
don't need to i'll play as you over here
I am I try I'm trying to stop stop oh ok
well enjoy I'm not going I'm UK you just
yep your spot right there go ahead you
know you get lay down right there yeah
it looks like your pain are you paying
you better not be paying I don't think
you're being no you're not that would be
so terrible he's like I'll keep you cool
blue bird well I was trying to fit all
everything that I was trying to pack
into a carry on for 10 days and that's
clearly not gonna work so I'm just gonna
pack tomorrow morning I'm going to bed
I'm not ending it here will continue on
tomorrow because I don't feel like
ending the blog right now I think it'd
be pretty short so we'll go into
tomorrow and yeah if it will do some
more stuff in the morning before we go
I'm all packed up now I got Harvey in
the car mr. Harvey I gotta take him
to the vet where they where they watch
him and it's play with other dogs so
they're going to watch him over there
while I'm gone and I was planning on
being like super early and then getting
to my office which is pretty close to
the airport so that I can go there and
do some fun stuff or whatever for the
block before before I close it up and
still have time to edit it although I
saw a sign saying that there was an
accident up ahead like one of those like
illuminated signs and this is what's
happening now it is super traffic time I
hate this I've been on this like ramp to
get on the freeway probably for about a
little over 15 minutes now almost 20
minutes I don't know how far away the
accident this is miserable and I still
got to go pretty far it's like 45
minutes without traffic normally so this
is miserable but it's it happens so I'll
just have to deal with it okay we're
coming up to where all the tow trucks
are and everything let's see let's see
boy I yay you see it no there it is come
on all of this closer just for that
right no Harvey you're getting pissed
too they got their trunk smashed in
whoop-dee-doo then again I guess I
didn't see the other car but Harvey's
pissed finally got to the office I'm
hanging out here now for a little bit
waiting on Brandon Brandon's gonna meet
me here we're gonna get all set and then
head to the airport I think I'm just
gonna upload this now because I'm afraid
of waiting and then not having time to
upload and then it's mean you guys are
already watching so this isn't anything
important to you that's something to do
i'm gonna end it here this is just kind
of like my prep for new york and DC and
i hope to see a lot of you guys at
playlist and some of you guys maybe even
DC I'll tweet around about like when I
met in Times Square different areas and
we can all try to meet up and hang out
and do stuff but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and if you're wondering why
Sammy was I didn't go out with her again
in this vlog was because she actually
had to work last night until around nine
thirty she was exhausted she was like I
can come by for like half hour which
wasn't worth it so I was like you know
what I'm gonna go when I come back we'll
do something well actually like do
something so yeah um that's all I got so
on that note I will see you guys again
soon goodbye but now we're at the beach
I is it is it is it going well that's
going great
is this people are going to get so mad
at me that I brought out my blog cam but
this is okay right it's okay no shit
feels great yes she's okay with the
ocean I think we're doing okay guys I
think we're doing okay so don't get mad
at me for bringing out the camera oh
we're getting wet
