hey guys it's a new day and today into
the day of my date I'm actually about to
go walk to where I'm meeting her so
we'll we'll see how it we'll see how it
goes I'm a little nervous what should be
right if I wasn't nervous that would be
weird I am weird well I'm gonna I'm
gonna get going so that I'm not late I
don't want to be like on first date I
would say wish me luck but you guys are
gonna see this tomorrow
sorry I didn't vlog more you know I was
that once you know
we're busy we were out grabbing food and
drinks and everything but now we're at
the beach
I is it is it is it going well that's
going great is this people are gonna get
so mad at me that I brought out my blog
camera this is okay right
it's okay now it feels great yes she's
okay with the ocean I think we're doing
okay guys I think we're doing okay so
don't get mad at me for bringing out the
camera oh we're getting wet looks great
been great we literally I built this
with a bottle of wine and I believe we
finished it
no no you didn't finish it we finished
it you don't have to apologize okay
but it's okay we're enjoying ourselves
that's what we're supposed
yeah that's exactly
yes I agree
what back at home now
it is now 10:30 we went out on a 2
o'clock p.m. date she left at 10:30 you
p.m. I think it went well that's Brandon
takes me by the way but I think it went
well we went to lunch spent time at the
beach we went swimming in the ocean we
went on the ferris wheel we had dinner
we had some kissy time yeah so maybe
we'll be seeing more of her maybe you'll
be seeing more of her I told her I would
talk to her tomorrow maybe we have a you
know some more her time on wife we
bought we also were drinking a little
bit so I've been drinking but I had a
great time
I hope you guys are excited and proud of
me and excited for me I think I think
you I you know thank you but well I'm
just saying we'll see what happens from
here guys it's now the next day and for
those of you wondering why there was no
vlog yesterday well I just didn't vlog
much on the date I kept my camera mostly
in my pocket which I hope that you guys
understand and respect that but I will
continue it on to today so that we have
this vlog yeah so let's let's start a
new day today
hello we're going lunchtime yeah okay
I'm we're doing auditions again today
like you guys saw we did last week so
we're helping out with that but now it's
time for lunch lunch first time
it's lunch let's eat I'm back at my
place now and I was gonna meet up with
Sammy again today that's the girl I was
with yesterday
but she's got to wake up and like it's
like 5:00 in the morning or something I
had to do something so we reschedule for
tomorrow so I will see her tomorrow and
then I will be on my way out of town to
New York and DC and everything for
playlist was in DC go in New York just
fell of it but yeah so I don't know what
I have in store for the rest of the
night for me it's Saturday night so I'll
figure it out maybe I'll talk to Jake or
do whatever but yeah again I want to
apologize about the no vlog yesterday
but I hope you get it
and you know I just gotta I can't pull
out my camera too much not a date it was
the first date whether he what do you
guys want I still gotta be respectful
Jake is on his way over now and we're
gonna go see Mission Impossible we
haven't seen it yet and that's a movie I
wanted to see so I'm hoping I heard
great things about it so we'll see but
he's on his way over now so he should be
your soon
that was definitely worth a watch pretty
crazy and the craziest thing about the
whole thing was the fact that he's doing
all his stunts right I know most
weirdest time that is like I don't mind
saying this scene I'm not going to
review because it was in the commercial
but like when he's holding on to the
side of the plane and somebody that it's
pretty nuts
okay that's all I got for you for today
so I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
and I got to spend the day today going I
need to shop and you buy more stuff I
don't own enough stuff to take with me
to New York and DC and everything that
leave tomorrow and let's get back on a
regular daily schedule the only reason I
was off was I explained it but yeah so
let's have a NIC the next few vlogs
should be great in New York DC and I'm
excited I hope you guys are excited too
let's get back on track with this and I
will see you guys again soon goodbye
just a quick update I we solidified a
place to go to lunch tomorrow and her
response I told her where we're gonna go
and she said sounds good this should be
interesting never been on a random date
like this I don't think I have either so
hopefully I don't know if I should blog
it or not or what we should do but
either way this is cool let's let's I'm
going on a date guys
