hey guys today is a new day and Jake is
on his way over right now and this is
gonna sound like every every other vlog
is we're going to korean BBQ cuz i love
korean BBQ is there a problem with that
I'm not gonna stop going just because
it's reoccurring this is my life and I
like it and then I don't know what we're
doing after but we're gonna have herself
a good day I told you guys when I did
the the vlog that was sponsored by jot
that I would try to answer all of you
and I answered probably over a thousand
messages but at this point look what
happens when I open it this is really
hard they're not they're not paying for
this and they're not sponsoring this
they're not anything I'm just showing
you I don't know what to do oh my god
okay I gotta close that anyway if you're
wondering why I haven't gotten to your
message that's why so yeah that's kind
of it's really tough there's a lot of
messages coming in look at you looking
all spick-and-span work attire yeah are
you hungry yet are we not yet maybe a
little bit me mama okay well after we do
that we're going to korean BBQ all right
craziest thing ever just happened this
is ridiculous um sometimes going to go
on you now i can bring i could bring up
my phone screen on there so people can
see it and we decided to go on tinder
live and you know tender and whatever
yeses knows that's that is it is what it
is but some people some girls post their
Instagram and I was like oh well not
only we going to click yes but it's
showing her Instagram so I had all the
people watching go to her Instagram to a
picture up did not think this was gonna
do anything and just right Alex just
liked you on tinder or stuff like that
just to like get her to know that I did
that and she went from like five
comments to a little over 200 comments
she was like what the hell is going on
and explaining and that she followed me
and then DM me it was like what's going
on I confused and I was like oh they saw
that I liked you on tinder which was my
indirect way of saying that and then all
in all it turns out that she just gave
me her number and we're gonna set up a
date because of all of them so thank you
guys so much you're getting your your
shout outs now go ahead write everything
you want whoo yeah yeah keep it going
keep it go and it goes in those spurts
yup yup yup I thought that was so cool
we're gonna keep doing this this is ah
it's been so hard to try to get like a
date or something and this this thanks
George George has been hooking up with
gold bars if you don't know that is it's
on you now it's like the you now
currency it's he's been hugged enough so
this is so crazy let's keep going guys
let's keep doing this we're gonna keep
going just a quick update I we
solidified a place to go to lunch
tomorrow
and her response I told her where we're
gonna go and she said sounds good this
should be interesting never been on a
random date like this i don't think i
have either so hopefully i don't know if
i should blog it or not or what we
should do but either way this is cool
let's um I'm going on a date guys we're
heading down now to the pier where they
have the pier concert every Thursday the
free one tonight is classic rock night
so I'm excited as a girl and I don't
know there's already a ton of people
like doesn't look like a ton of people
on here but there's a ton of people out
and I'll show you guys let's do it down
there
Oh
look at who I found let it glow oh
you're glowing you're glowing jazz hands
up in the sugar are you pregnant like
that you were glowing and then I
realized you just what they tell Franco
me this is our glowing right you never
heard that we've heard that right
glowing explain it but I'm really tired
we're actively we've been here playing a
little bit did we waited in line longer
than we've been here yeah I can have one
more drink is all I've been drinking
water oh yeah put in the hook chop the
rub your shopping I know what is I think
Jace is it I've been so good no drink
senator sue it rock paper scissors no
let me not expire at the end of the
night now it's just pointless calories
well what does well do
wait how does it beat the scissors
because they put into the world no I'm
just saying you need an American it
wouldn't be the same thing I got to the
dumbest fucking France family they
played as well there's like fucking yes
I'm such a good just get back fuck hole
now see I think Luke is leaving I just
want to check and make sure you can get
out I'm exhausted and I have the gym in
the morning and I just need to any to go
to bed I'm really tired exhausted Oh
Harvey I'm gonna play with harder for a
little bit go there he goes goodbye and
here you are then here you are Letta
focus oh it's focusing its focusing yeah
yeah boy yeah boy Emily I don't like to
be away from you I don't like to be away
from you I spent most of my day with you
nice brown ones from why do with you my
brother-in-law Alex for those either
don't that don't know he's a music
producer and he's in a group called the
Americanos and they have their song
black out that I've showed you guys on
the radio and stuff like that and today
for you guys I'm saying like right now
it would be tomorrow for me but today
he's coming out with the lyric video for
not the music video the lyric video
because it's going to be in the movie we
are your friends the zac efron movie and
it's like one of the featured songs so i
was like send me the link sent it to me
he's like well it's not out yet it's
going to go out tomorrow is like no I
want to just send me like an unlisted
link or something I want to show I want
to show the 18
I like a little clip of your stuff and
then they can go check it out so i'll
put the link to his to the lyric video
please go show it some love this is not
like a sponsor thing this is my family
my brother-in-law it's all and he's an a
to his name's alex also so we can we can
show him a team support too so go go on
the video tell him the a team sent you
let's destroy that comment section and
everything on that and i'll put the link
below it i don't know when it's going to
go live so if it's still private there
check a little bit later but here's that
here's like a little little clip of it
which is cool so it's a lyric video
so that's the beginning of it come on
how do I there we go but in this you'll
see like let me see if I can get him you
see a lot of like Zac Efron and stuff
cuz it's for his movie so yeah anyway I
thought that was super cool it was so
exciting to even hear that the movie
would want it to when they ask if they
can use it in their in their move if
they can use the song so go show it some
love I'm always going to push anything
that my family's doing you know my
sister vlogging my brother-in-law with
his music stuff so let's all just show
the whole family some amazing support do
that but on that note I am going to go
to sleep i'm exhausted i have a date
tomorrow I have a date tomorrow
wish me luck guys and I will see you
guys again soon goodbye check this out
it might take a few to oh there we go
whoa clearly a little dangerous don't
unscrew it too much because then the gas
kind of flies everywhere but epic super
lighter that's how you do it lighting
this lighter on fire
