hey guys it's a new day today and I just
got back from the gym not too long ago
my trainer totally killed me but I feel
good feel good took a shower my weight
is going down so that's that's a good
thing for me I not going to kind of give
you guys how much way just going down
until you know get to a certain point
but it's going down which is a good
direction yeah so let's start our day
it's already off to a good start I know
it's gonna be great because there's no
reason for it not to be I'm gonna give
you guys a reason why it's a great day
today is the start to my giveaway a thon
I didn't think of that word for hand but
now we're sticking way about because I
hit the 200,000 subscribers I wanted it
to be something special that's why I
told all you guys gave you guys a head
start to go follow me on tagged store ta
g str because i wanted that to be my
place for for giveaways and stuff like
that and i'll announce them on here but
the only way you can you can win these
things is on texture so gilroy kind of
showed me that and everything and a lot
of you've already said you can't it's
only for iphone it's not you can get to
it from any web browser should go to tag
store co but and by the way this is not
sponsored for me to say this i just want
to tell you this that we can go there
but uh check out some of these giveaway
items first on the giveaway list is I do
not sell these so the very first
giveaway is going to be an a-team hat
this one's the one I've been wearing I'm
not giving that away because it's kind
of sweaty and gross and I'm not even
wearing right now I'm gonna get a
completely brand new one same way got
this one everything and get myself a new
one and so one of you guys would be the
only person that has it right now
that'll be really cool so we'll do that
and then i'll show you guys some of the
other items right here we have the RCA
small wonder and i thought this would be
cool just for like
pocket sort of vlog type of camera but
you could film whatever you want in it
it does store all the data inside and
it's HD so I thought that was pretty
cool it'll shoot 8 hours in HD it says
so super cool and that's one of the
items that will go later on next up I
got this the two voli audio model one
BTW and you can't really tell what it is
there and all of these items are not
opened except i open the box on this
didn't take the plastic off to show you
it's like an old-school am/fm radio but
it connects to your iphone so it looks
like it's the super old-school thing
that will play music from your iphone
that was just super cool and it has like
a nap i guess on the app store or
something i don't know how it works
exactly but you connect to this this
speaker or just play the radio and i
thought that was super super cool and
the last item i'll be giving away are
these beats wireless solo HD headphones
none of these things are open they'll
have plastic on them they're all good to
go for you guys so go check out texture
i'll really i'll let you know when each
of these things are going to be going
away here's all the giveaway items so
make sure your fault you have to be
following me on tagged sir and each way
will be a different way but go check it
out there and i'll be releasing how I'm
gonna give these away I know I always
have haters and some of those haters are
going to be like walls or wack ass
things or whatever you want to say I
think I thought they were super awesome
so if you don't want to win those or if
you don't want to have a chance in the
giveaway then don't go follow me on
texture or don't enter for them I don't
care these are for the people who do
want them who do support who want a
chance to get this I thought this was
cool and I'm excited for and I hope you
guys are too I want some food
go to vons i'm bringing a recycle bag a
reusable bag that recital reusable
because i think about that stuff so it's
Scalia stuffy snacks I've noticed that
you guys are starting to really like
these like cool tricks / like fun little
hacks tools CD bubbles like we did
yesterday The Flaming waterfall so I
figured I'd just show you a couple cool
I mean as we go will show more cool
things but this is something that I
learned people may have done it all over
the Internet I don't know I'm sure it's
pretty well known i know a lot of my
friends got it but for those of you that
don't it's pretty cool the first time I
learned how to do it was probably early
high school maybe you're something like
that when everyone's a pyro so I have a
lighter here obviously this involves
fire so either do not try this at home
or if you are going to try to home
please be very safe and this is a
specifically you want a lighter that has
a this adjustable knob on it let it
focus I don't think it's get there we go
so positive or negative so it could be
bigger so as you can see it's not very
high but I can push this and it gets
higher still not super high but it's
pretty high now watch this so we take
this this is just a metal cover that I
can try to fit my nail under or
something you could use like it do your
knife I'm obviously doing the hard way
but there once you get it pops right off
so now it's exposed and you could see
this mechanism here this little thing in
the front that I could push
back or fourth as you can see and that
adjusts the size of the flame now you'll
notice on here when it focuses there's a
positive and a negative so the positive
is obviously turning the knob that way
or in my case counterclockwise but what
that is if I lift up this little knob it
exposes that white thing below and what
that white thing is is the gear that's
that I'm it's like a screw so once this
goes all the way to the right to the
highest flame I can lift this up above
that push it back to left and then lower
back on and guess what go to positive
again so if you guys haven't guessed it
already I'm slowly unscrewing this thing
now you don't want to do it too much I
did it just a just a good amount there
put us back on and squeeze it and it'll
stay now this flame should be much
higher check this out it might take a
few to oh there we go whoa clearly a
little dangerous don't unscrew it too
much because then the gas kind of flies
everywhere but epic super lighter that's
how you do it lighting this lighter on
fire clearly you shouldn't unscrew it as
much as I did or else it does that and
when you let go because it's releasing a
lot of fluid it can sometimes stay lit
don't let it stay lit too long cuz any
lighter that overheats is gonna be bad
news so blow it out put quick it doesn't
go out by itself but I'm just going to
say at this point don't try this at home
because because maybe it is really
stupid maybe I am stupid my mom's gonna
be really mad at me she was mad about
the flaming waterfall thing she goes why
would she I should do that you're stupid
alright but am i special she said yeah
you're still my special little boy but
you're stupid yeah the best way I
actually did that was not even trying to
do it to like my own lighters I had no
reason really to have lighters but I had
friends that smoke cigarettes and it was
funny when they would leave their
lighter down I would tweak it up a
little bit hack their lighter and they
go to light a cigarette and it's like
yeah you they may not have anymore
eyebrows or eyelashes or anything but
that's hey we're just kidding here this
is joke right I decided to go on you now
I have this cool setup down in my new
room that I can just like do all my
stuff from here with a light so I'm
bright I can't a mic and live on here
hello everybody hello well I runs blog
vlog vlog vlog vlog vlog vlog yeah
anyway and I just got a message from
Megan the one that did the between the
sheets drink video with me she's gonna
head over right now and I don't know
we're gonna do but maybe we'll stand you
now maybe Oh we'll figure it out we'll
do some fun stuff I think honey hey I
keep getting like a head turn every time
I say your name and hello we're on here
its people are asking is very
inappropriate really uncomfortable
questions and think telling us to do
certain things that I keep saying d keep
say what they keep asking him to give me
the d what does that even mean we've
been doing prank calls live on you now
and I just did a prank call and I called
one of her friends that she hasn't seen
in a while and I was like pretending
that I found his number in her phone
I've been dating her and I was the
meanest I've ever been in a
I don't like you know he's character I
was like yelling at him and I was like
no don't f with me in vol I was going
hard on him he was it was bad it looks
bad but it turned out great so i will
put more we're gonna do more prank calls
on here see as can always come live but
um they will do some prank calls on a
blog to at some point that could be fun
you ready to go to bed dude yeah I think
it's time for bed I think it's time for
bed yeah steadily time for bed I'm
pretty tired it's kind of late now it's
like yikes two thirty in the morning i
hope you guys enjoyed watching and make
sure if you guys want to join that give
away i already put up the first one on
tags or so go check it out and yeah on
that note i'll see you guys again soon
goodbye oh my god that was long
