hey guys it's a new day today and we're
gonna have yourself a good day nothing
super crazy plan Jake is on his way over
we're gonna get son to eat surprise
surprise I eat every day right you did
too bud you eat every day so he's I was
way over now and then I don't know we'll
figure out some fun stuff to do we will
do stuff to make our stuff done do
really real
we salad salad like side salad hey is
that yours Megan no no no Megan
no I didn't say a name I couldn't sorted
you said I said I said that yours
they're making Oh make it not Megan
yours I know you're Jake you're not me
I'm out on the way back from getting
salad we decided to stop at rei and i
got myself a ruler here um those you
don't know what that is it's to roll out
your your legs and your back and
everything and I do it before I go to
the gym to loosen everything up by my
sister is a trainer secret sister but
since she moved out she took out her
roller so now i have my own i wanted to
get it
two digit it's j yeah sometimes I go
online I explore the far ends of YouTube
and end up coming across really cool
things that I want to try which is great
because if it interests me hopefully of
interest you and I showed it to Jake
because he was like what are you
watching now he's like okay I'm down to
try that so for this it's a crazy CD
experiment we got some blank cds here
because who the hell uses these these
days maybe some of you guys but I don't
so have these and I have my lighter
children use adults supervision because
we're playing with fire you to do this
you got to use a knife or something
sharp to scrape these are different kind
of it they're different kind
luckily I found some old CDs in my place
here so this is I'll show you how to do
it take the knife on here there we go
yeah there we go peel up and it'll be
underneath let's get all the stuff I
think that's probably good and then it's
clear now underneath this clear part you
take a lighter and you heat it up pretty
close to not to cause I guess if you
want to light on fire until it just
starts to droop and then and then much
that's below this post a little softer
it almost if you try this again oh whoa
there you go yeah bubble gotta ball we
got a bubble let's go focus focus focus
is it now employs almost there we go
that's focus we gotta bail lawyer whoa
that's such a weird one uh-huh that was
sick yeah wow it's getting that we're
getting bed for getting better yeah
that's also really cool that was really
cool oh my god that was long before
Porsche well that was that was good
times you guys should probably try it
but be safe about it and let me know how
it turns out for you send me pictures of
your bubbles I do believe in giving
credit where it's due so I didn't come
up with that obviously I said I watched
on YouTube I don't know who made the
first video about it so I don't know who
to give credit to but I got the idea
from a Kipkay video so you can find it
on Kip case channel but I don't know who
originated with that or who came up with
it but it's a cool idea and I I enjoyed
it
are you leaving I are you taking my dog
I am why you taking her feet well I'm
not taking he wants to go with me Harvey
you want to you don't like me anymore
dude he's sick of this place he is
Harvey you are there just turn it away
well drop in your head is you can't even
face me can get by now slave you can't
even face me really you like that quick
to go okay Harvey well if that's what
you want but that's what you're gonna
get but if you want to come out here
this last chance are you thinking about
it you stayin Harvey oh no no Harvey you
got one chance to get out here Harvey
get out here good boy okay you can say
goodbye from there sit hard he's not
gonna sit your time to sit sit sit sit I
find that's a good boy that's good now
he'll be so much crashed on to stay you
stay later zia good boy RV for those you
that don't know I am NOT signed to any
MCN i'm an independent youtuber and
there's nothing wrong with sign see em
they're great I just haven't done it yet
I probably will in the future part of
when you get bigger on YouTube part of
the business side of YouTube to is not
only you know gaining higher numbers but
companies want to work with you and
that's what MCM's help here make good
pairs with that now that's one thing
that's bothering me is can i still do
that can i get sponsored as an
independent so i start reaching out
hoping that I could do this as an
independent content creator and I got a
response back specifically from an app
called jot and they're sponsoring this
vlog now so I'm actually not only do me
past two hundred thousand subscribers
but here I am i as an independent
youtuber we have a sponsored vlog this
is really
cool I'm not about to blast you with an
ad that's not what I'm trying to do I
still don't want to promote a product
that I don't believe in and I do think
John is cool I've already been using it
with Brandon and he literally without me
saying anything was like this is a cool
app that's why I'm happy to share it
with you and I'll tell you exactly how
we can do something with it too but
check this out let's go into my phone
here that's what it looks like right
there John oh he sent me a message see
oh I see he said yeah man it's a really
cool app it's it's texting but you you
normal texting is over a SMS or data or
Wi-Fi you could that's exactly what it
does but you can go offline and still
text over bluetooth with no service at
all which is great for like in santa
monica mouth i don't have service and
that's cool excited still text and
things but for those you that are still
in school and a lot of schools block
cell phones from being used this is
unblockable this app so a little secret
right there but check this out I'll show
you how I'll show you how to use it so
you could use it if i click brand in
here I can I could tap anything right
send them a message this is a cool thing
this clock if I if I hit it I could time
I could like send a picture message and
time when I want it to self-destruct so
the message i could write something and
after 10 seconds it's gone and that's it
so that i can send things that wouldn't
necessarily be that okay i only have
branded on here but you can add as many
friends you want and you can do group
chats as well you don't only have to
send things to one person and then
another cool thing is i can let's get
here take a picture let's take a picture
of us hey there we are and then let's
draw we we we we got horns we got ours I
was playing around this whatever
done send it's a fun time we've been
having a good time on it I'm gonna put
the link down in the description below
so you guys can click and it'll take you
directly to the app my user name on it
i'll show you because you guys can text
me I'll try to answer as many of you as
I can we're just said it hi here we go
back my profile I'm just at Alex Mandel
send me a text I'll try to text back as
many times I can I just think it's cool
i'm happy that look at this we're doing
something with this channel guys and it
is because of you guys your guys help
and support so and thank you Jah for
sponsoring this video that's so cool
that's just it's crazy that this is that
this is happening so check that out guys
and that's all I got for you for today
so I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
let's keep doing some fun stuff
throughout the week today start a little
late I had to do some work stuff in the
morning that I could vlog so let's let's
just continue having a good time you
didn't live life together okay so on
that note I will see you guys again soon
your life look at this here we put socks
on I'm not gonna tell you what he's
covering up but it's every it's
questionable oh yeah why not not your
audience's know they wouldn't care
