hey guys it's a new day today and I am
at the office and today it's Sunday
Don you're pretty early I'm assisting my
dad's company with auditions I brought
my camera stuff and everything else
see that's walk talk to the back
knocking there's me that's me
so got this set up doing it here
hello mr. father yep yep oh you go you
could put an eye out with this blog we
always say I I just need more close-ups
and I was giving it to you don't you
it's not right to do that no no that was
too close
how's it going too far yes when's lunch
what that's too far dude
they say it's sad to fuck oh well tell
me okay no that's okay that couldn't
block too much obviously cuz I can't
show the auditions but we're all packed
up now everything's gone time to go Oh
Oh little bit move it did it go well you
in here mentally I think I think but
yeah I'll let you know details when I'm
allowed to oh my god yeah I'll show it
to you crazy was that she actually had
it they were gonna take an offensive
wait let me blog it I'm happy I did Coco
likes you dougie yeah play with the dog
I like that smile
hey Alex Alex chase it yeah
right now I'm actually heading to go
meet up with Yusuf and a lot of you guys
have messaged me like you should do
something music you should use I'll use
it well hey guys I'm about to do
something with Yusuf so let's uh let's
go let's go meet up with him and do some
work I just got to his studio now for it
and I got here probably about a half
hour earlier than I'm supposed to but
hey I'm here waiting he's not late so
it's not like he's making me wait I'm
just I'm just a half hour early
maybe it's because I'm excited while I
think there'd be traffic on a Sunday
maybe it's because it's LA and there's
always traffic but either way I'm here
waiting on him and we'll we'll do this
well we'll do this this this thing we're
doing this thing you guys know what this
thing is
check it out I'm not I'm not alone
anymore not alone brother I haven't met
his brother before but he we're both
Alex and I will not I used to have a
moustache on the top of mine cuz Romans
were mindful ah yeah right this one
sucks and doesn't work so now it's just
a hairstyle well we went on Hawaii and I
blogged and as we're talking all here
the worst thing and they're always like
why don't you order a wind filter look
at this you're putting socks on I'm not
gonna tell you what he's covering up but
it's questionable I can't go a blog
without something being about green tea
in my my comment section I hope this guy
this guy I hope this
this blog helps slow that down a little
bit now it's just gonna be everywhere
now that I said that that's all it's
gonna be yeah you know they just bill
they'll always find a reason to hate on
me though it's okay
obviously hey remember look at you hello
sexy how are you you shot where did you
show Bobby but you said it was finished
shooting we didn't finish shooting
anything yeah and like you know we had
some good moments there and it's a
special you know I'm never about the
Jewish man before
I've never been with the Columbia Oh
coughing I said I've never been oh well
I don't know but after today after the
day you know why don't we just do that
on morning I broke your Colombian
virginity right we didn't have sex
unless I fell asleep no with the bunt
you know your first have you matter
another Colombian before having meant
Sofia vergata Shakira
Miss Universe no no I'm your first
Colombian see okay you you popped my
cherry I popped your cherry I was a
kosher yeah uh we just we just finished
here and it was I think we made magic
happen I know we kept it quiet love it
is clean I wondered hold on peel the red
pillow is it moist because my back was a
little going to take out that green
strobe light thing and if it turns I do
come on it guys are taking you're going
yeah yeah why not exist in my friend
something
oh you know if you take out that they
feel it is it moist it's not even warm
really like a warm my goodness tonic
wait you know that I'm ollie this warm
oh this is cold everybody we sign where
we're a part of the Illuminati we say
yeah absolutely we don't emanate he yeah
we good timing though I want to come
back goodbye Oh
don't see what you choke when you cheat
goodbye yeah you cheat each other so you
know you die
okay time to go home had a good time I'm
back at my place now and I would love to
go to bed but I gotta do some laundry
first because I have no more clothes for
the gym and I have to wake up early to
go to the gym tomorrow and I don't want
to put on week old sweaty stuff that
have been in my laundry hamper thing
laundry basket so time is late-night
laundry and then I gotta get to sleep
that's gonna be pretty much the end of
of today so I do hope you guys enjoy
watching I can't wait for you guys to
see the episodes and morning's Lucy or
the episode was shot I'm really excited
for it I think it went well I had a
great time I would love to go back I
told him that and yeah he's a great guy
and for those of you that don't watch
his stuff he should he's a hard-working
hard-working dude and a lot of spec for
him so on that note guys I will see you
guys again tomorrow good bye
congratulations
like what Oh fuzzy it's for the whale
shoes but it doesn't it's not very
effective so now it's just like a cool
hairstyle yeah it's good
that's good she's gonna go take care
so if you guys get hurt she'll be your
nurse
