hey guys it's a new day today and first
time sleeping in this room it was great
I am happy I moved into here kind of
because I'm not used to it I'm just
leave my room it kind of feels like I'm
sleeping in a hotel room which is good
but now I gotta go pick up Harvey some
new food and then I'm gonna meet up with
Jake probably get some lunch because we
have a we're gonna go to where our
parents houses are later cuz one of our
friends from since we've been young she
just graduated nursing school so she's
gonna have her graduation party we're
gonna head over there have a good day
have a good time have a good Saturday so
let's do this hello red blue table in
Calabasas what you are really good
normally get sandwiches
that's Ellen special really good yeah
which one you get we walk rose bleep and
I have the Tenderloin salad and chicken
sausage
that that let's down come on pups
let's go be really humble years though
let's go peepee okay buddy sad bunny
story about Lola the evil Chihuahua when
she was just a puppy
Luke was holding her and if you guys
have ever seen super bad where the girl
has her period
on his leg well she did that on his
white shirt Frannie's like what is this
brand new white shirt and she she had
her period on here
I'm never letting it go either she's
holding a grudge against Lola totally a
grudge against you lady my parents
aren't here we just I came here to let
their dogs out and then we're gonna go
down to their place just down the street
we grew up as neighbors yeah yeah we're
neighbors here in Santa Monica yeah
neighbor all the time we're neighbors
you read me on the vlog mix mix mix mix
mix mix mix mix see max no max its max
oh dude Wow shows our teeth we're
walking through the horse trails now on
our way to a frank Crystal's house for
her party but Don wanted to kill us
we're gonna die now we're good we're
okay we go to her place out Jake
the dog your dog is very cute no she
looks like she wants to come over here I
think come here come on where you going
where you going coming over here no
Krista she's she's won a graduate or
nursing school congratulations
like what Oh fuzzy it's for the way of
Tears but it does come out it's not very
effective so now it's just like a cool
air style yeah it's good it's good yeah
she's gonna go take care of people so if
you guys get hurt she'll be your nurse
their sanitary right I just like he just
pick it up all of this was in her ankle
she completely shattered ankle I'm a
wakeboarding fucking huge pain it was
like this okay that makes all the screws
and I had a cadaver bone is that still
in there
so you still a dead person's bony did
they give you the name oh my god it's so
dark this is so weird because well I
don't know if you guys can see me here I
can put a little bit of light by my face
right there uh can you see me creepy
yeah look at me well in in this area who
I grew up they don't have any street
lights or anything no sidewalks no
street lights so we're used to like we
would always watch each other's places
at night and it would even be a big deal
that we would walk in complete darkness
it is like pitch-black on here this was
just like the norm it's not even creepy
is it now no winner was way worse winner
was way creepy yeah the only thing you
have to watch out for is getting hit by
oh yeah the fog the fog that would sit
over here you can't even see like five
feet in front of you
so this is where where we grew up and
yeah it's dark it's
we live in a dark place oh hello how are
you bud
turning away is it too bright ooh
I would like to pet you good boy you
know he wants to be pet buddy good boy
you ready to go to bed buddy yeah tired
man you to me oh you'll see you tired is
she trying to play now well regardless
of how tired you are I'm tired and I got
to be up pretty early tomorrow because I
am going to office to assist with
something tomorrow what you guys will
see but that means I'm going to bed now
I had a great day I hope that you guys
enjoyed this vlog oh my god already
wants to jump up and say you want to say
don't see something kid what you want to
say what do you want say what do you
want to say what do you nothing okay he
just wants me to scratch it
well anyway on that note I will see you
guys getting again soon again tomorrow
again soon again tomorrow
tomorrow good bye I don't really know
how to carry all this stuff so I'm just
like taking Pole son on hangers I'm so
bad at this I don't even know what I'm
doing but let's go move yeah
