hey guys today is a new day and I'm
about to eat some lunch that's some
lunch
it's coming it's coming here right now
I ordered it here because I have a lot
of work to do because today as you've
seen in the title I am moving I'll
explain more as we go but I'm excited
I'm really excited and you guys will see
why so let's do this it's he yeah Rita
Bow Wow
they put a ton of guacamole holy holy
guacamole
I'm already I'm gonna eat this and then
we'll get to it and then we'll get right
to it all done let's begin I don't
really know how to carry all this stuff
so I'm just like taking Pole son on
hangers I'm so bad at this I don't even
know what I'm doing but let's go move
yeah that didn't last long Harvey did it
so this is hard Harvey can you help me
no don't pee on my shirts please that'd
be what you did though as I keep moving
stuff I'll keep moving stuff throughout
the day but I want to show you guys my
new place yes ready so as I said goodbye
to the old let's take this we'll take
this out and go yeah Harvey let's go
here looks cool
wait I've missed the elevator well
that's because I'm not moving to a new
apartment I'm just my sister moved out
today so this is I'm now moving into
this room into the master the reason I
didn't have the master before was my
sister was living here with her
boyfriend and I don't need such a big
room for lonely old me but she didn't
need a room for both of them so they
slept in here they're gone she left I'm
now living alone I'm lovely you guys be
my friends and I have to fill the stuff
here's the bathroom it's got a very nice
tub if you guys saw the 100,000
subscriber video Roman and I were in
that he's got one closet here super nice
and then you walk over here and it's got
another closet there and I already move
in some stuff I have a shower for two
but I'm only one two sinks but I'm only
one now do you guys get the reason why I
didn't live in here because every time
I'm brushing my teeth and I look at the
empty sink next to me it's lonely but
you know what maybe it's motivation to
find a companion so I'm moving into this
room and maybe soon we'll add another
will add another female vlogger to this
channel
well someone who's on my blogs another
female to the I don't know it doesn't
mean I'm gonna have them move in right
away but who knows everyone that I
called has already gotten out gone out
to eat I don't want to get stuff and I
was like I'll just make food here and I
realized I don't keep food here for me
to even make that's a bad choice I found
two things one the quinoa blend that I'm
pretty sure my sister left and some
black beans
let's make something with it I'm gonna
cook up this quinoa and see if we can do
I don't know okay we got that going the
quinoa I I don't know what I'm doing I
don't even have a plan that's the best
part of this we're gonna take beans I
don't want them full we're gonna dump
fill this I don't know what I'm doing
guys at all and then a lot of you that
cook I probably like what the hell is he
doing I didn't put all of that water in
just good amount will it blend that's
looking good there let's now I'm gonna
I'm getting kind of crazy here let's
first this is covered let's do just like
a light one
maybe my log
but that supreme
some oregano
onion powder
but that was the life it's gonna be
going to keep it's gonna be darling you
and incomes not never
how about spicy we throw in some cayenne
all the water is pretty much absorbed in
here so now I'll remove this from the
heat let's cover that let that sit for a
few minutes and then because I don't
want to continue to cook it so I'm gonna
now put this saucepan on let's get this
guy going okay
we go I'll add in the brown rice brown
rice quinoa makes your thing I mean
maybe we got ourself a soup can I love
soup I don't know regardless of how it
tastes I'm eating it because this is
what I have so if I screwed it up then
it's my fault but it's about to boil
it's literally so now I'm gonna go ahead
turn off the flame
let's fluff this up with with a fork
I just miss this hell there we go got
ourselves a spicy black bean quinoa
brown rice soup next step is just to
taste it and see if it's even edible
okay kind of looks a little interesting
but it's okay black bean soup always
does
okay I pad for myself
I'm so proud of myself it tastes really
good I've made I may have not have made
it very good way or very conventional
but in the end it just matters that it
tastes good
I really have that sense of achievement
and adulthood because everything's clean
nothing's in the sink dishes
everything's done dishwasher pans are
clean you guys thinking like okay so you
did normal work but then and I and I and
I have leftovers for tomorrow or
something
I think I'm more excited than I should
be Harvey it's weird and different right
there were in a different room I mean
look at this it's different it's so
different
I like those like three little portal
things yeah but it's a start both of us
yeah yeah we'll learn to love it
but I'm excited to be in here now I
didn't move everything and I was kind of
lazy but I don't really it's no rush to
move everything and it's just over there
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
watching today that's all I got for you
I decided not to go out I have a good
friend of mine just graduate nursing
school so I'm gonna go to her party
tomorrow so that'll be in the vlog
tomorrow wanted to kind of just take it
easy tonight and yeah so that's all I
got for you and on that note I'll see
you guys again soon goodbye so I gotta
hold the bottoms of these cuz there they
get hot it's it's metal let me I have
some in here whoop that's on fire you
don't need to see it now there we go
watch
whoa whoa whoa this fires getting big up
we got trends of the lights out let's
try this with the lights on
