hey guys it's a new day today and it's
another day with his teeth but how do
you say it sitting down
the Xperia P and today we're doing
something special
actually that voice is fitting because
I'm about to take you somewhere that I
know you've never been never better
this is going to be this is going to be
fun I just feel for exciting you we love
your adventures you taught these up for
so long I mean you talk to you though so
many times you ready to be a man and I'm
just like I need to do it I didn't see
what the hype is all about let's go here
we go Alex taking me on my first date
date that's right
and it involves our feet because my feet
need a little bit of help
okay I'm gonna copy her pedicure right
yeah
to top it off I give you one of these
guys cheers buddy
little English Oh
so what'd you think of your first teddy
okay so I put on my shoes this time
because I don't want them to I don't
want you to get dirty because there's no
like so clean and used and everything as
now when I'm walking my feet feel so
soft I feel like I'm walking on a cloud
do you feel like any less of a man no I
feel like I'm a bigger man now I'm an
advocate for you hear it on my voice got
deeper the way we're getting to where
we're going is probably you're probably
more used to because the TTC yeah and
we're taking the train out here from the
Metro the Metro yeah so I've only taken
it maybe I could count the amount of
times I've taken it on one hand maybe
half an but when there's a lot of
traffic especially since we're going
towards downtown to decimate the at this
hour this is probably the best option
you ready
I hope this is right
now let's take it over the rest of it
okay we are going to the Dodger game
with Dodger game
yeah the Dodgers are doing really well
this season I think they have like an 11
game winning streak you are correct our
sports are or not as you know you're
more up-to-date than people think you
are or Google
we're here we made it we've got Dutch
dr. dark never had one oh now you now
you have I like how you handle your
former good
we go
yeah
yeah I got us something what and I don't
know not only did it look this up right
yeah that is a that is a big look at my
hand thanks to it even your head I got
big geez that thing is massive
unfortunately the Dodgers did not win
this one but we still had an amazing
time yeah it was great I enjoyed enjoyed
my first time at the Dodger Stadium yeah
the views were delicious the hotdogs
were delicious and the company was
delicious as well I'm little is it like
what good anyway God Pete I had an
amazing time with the game and I got to
thank the app game time for sponsoring
this blog and for sending us to the game
game time I'm sure is an app that a lot
of you guys have already heard about I
know I have it is the perfect app to use
right before a sporting event or show or
concert because that's when the prices
go down and that's when you could get
the best deal you can get tickets for
sporting events shows concerts and even
theater they curate the top 40 best
seats for any event so that you don't
have to go searching through all the
seats available you can tell if it's the
seat that you want because the picture
right above the ticket choice is the
exact view from that seat to buy a
ticket it's super easy all you do is
click the ticket you want enter in your
credit card information and click it one
more time the tickets live on your app
and that's where you could scan them
directly at the event game time is
available in all US and Canadian cities
so you guys can use it and be sure to
use my referral code Alex Mandel so you
get five dollars off you can go ahead
and click the link below in the
description so that you guys can check
it out for yourself we're into a new day
now and look who's here hey oh wow
you're so dark with that bright window
behind you
BAM
andrea has to film an audition for
something I can't say what it is in
particular but I'm going to help her
film it even know what it is so so
surprise for everyone this is my second
one but either way I would help her so
she's got changed to a few outfit for it
and we got to film like different looks
I told her I would help her with that
then so we're just you just going to be
changing we're going to film you
changing yeah actually one of my outfit
is going to be my birthday dude because
they said unconventional I thought that
I was yeah I said we should take a
t-shirt and just cut her nipple that's
unconventional she's been changing into
different outfits and we we have to
cheat well not we I just I'm just
filming it
see sing it now we get to grab some
lunch this is like one of my new
favorite places to go here there's a few
locations if you guys want to check out
new restaurants check this out
this is tokaiya organic ax which is this
like super la that it's an organic
Mexican place it is really good cucumber
mint limey
it's all let's go good raka million chip
good weird dude I know you like me no
nothing over to you I didn't kill you
chaos so Kevin idevice that's cool yeah
I'm here baby here
hi he's heading out I got to go to the
office take care of some stuff
I'm good Lou and I'm gonna wrap it up
because I'm gonna go take care of a
bunch of stuff work so on that note
that's all I got for you and I will see
you guys again soon I need goodbye
