hey guys today is a new day and we're
gonna have a good day
and I'm on I'm on you now right now
people are watching me do this to
introduce and say hello to you guys in
this it's like a teensy bit awkward but
everyone is is is in here now writing
hey write stuff guys
vlog here it's gonna there we go there
it's flying hello everyone's saying
vlogging vlogging blog it goes in like
like spurts like that yeah so we're on
there what we actually have been doing
before I even started this as I started
online dating and I put the online
dating site on you now and as as the
whole a team we decide on who I should
pass up and who I should message or like
or do whatever so we're doing live
dating that's what we've been doing but
and I just finished my lunch
not sure what's gonna go on for the rest
of the day but we're gonna have a good
time as we always do so let's let's do
it let's have a good day so yesterday
when I came out outside the gym I met an
18 we're out here and I didn't have my
camera and I'm always something like I
was like I wish I can put you on the
blog I was like if you come here
tomorrow at a certain time not gonna
give you guys on my schedule but if they
come here a certain time let's let's get
you on the vlog so hey nice nice to meet
you you watch all you watch them you
know what's the goats yeah yeah yeah
looks so good - so good to meet you I
wanted to you been working out here use
of the training a lot
where you from yesterday well it's I was
I was so happy that he came out he was
said that he's been hoping to meet me
out here and it's a lot of people you
message me saying like you walked around
Santa Monica so that's cool when I
actually get to see people I wants to
meet so yeah it's cool well I'm happy we
got to meet and I wanna I was actually
I'm gonna continue my work out now but I
came up so I specifically wanted to get
him on the blog and hang out and did you
did you hear what happened last night
and passed 200,000 subscribers shut up
the Roman over Twitter's alright like I
didn't even know I was like why are my
subscribers growing up so he's always
been helping me out and I me like that
but it's been great it's very good to
meet you I mean I'm here a few days yeah
yeah it's me it's very good to meet you
and I'm gonna I'm gonna continue working
out in every that but maybe I'll keep
bumping into you until Saturday and
maple work together soon he says that he
works in post-production so hey you
never know
Jake and Brandon are on their way over
now and we're gonna go get something to
eat
sinai hungry well they're on their way
now so they should be here soon and then
I think we're gonna go down to what my
favorite place we're gonna go to simply
salad we're gonna have a healthier what
I think
right bud shade healthy I can't see your
eyes let's see these little teeth
ding-ding-ding-ding ding-ding-ding-ding
you okay about anything all year we get
simply salad mr. Brando chuckles oh look
at that
that deed these as Jake's deed it's the
a and not sure what's gonna happen
what do you guys all plan it's like a
hearthstone party I'm gonna turn on from
you now right now go live and yeah we're
gonna have don't hit me in the penis
sacred yeah more alive I'm getting a lot
of messages from you guys about the
whole tag store thing if you don't know
what I'm talking about watch the video
yesterday cuz we're doing giveaways kind
of giveaways this this month on there a
lot of you are like yeah but I can't get
on it because I'm only it's only for
Apple well the app it's 48 GST are kids
you want a son
the app is on iPhone but anyone can
access it if you go to tag store Co it
sounds like this is sponsored it's not
it's just a platform actually that
Gilroy told me to check out because I
didn't want to flood every other
platformer with giveaway stuff so I'm
using that as a separate means of
putting like caption contests or
whatever I want to do four different
giveaways on there I think that'll be
fun so definitely go follow me on tag
store if you guys want a chance to win
bunch of cool stuff because I haven't
done a giveaway in a long time so might
as well do a bunch of giveaways right
what she said
what you looking at
what you looking at buddy
what you're looking at yeah Braden
tonight we're looking for something cool
to do for the vlog but also just
interesting and I have some Everclear
which is always interesting you guys
know that I like to play a fire
sometimes I have these giant jiggers
jiggers with the J don't get pissed at
me and jigger what so I put some every
clearing one of them and I figured maybe
I could use these to make fire
waterfalls pour fire from one to another
like this I'll show you so I got a hold
the bottoms of these because they're
they get hot it's it's metal let me I
have some in here that's on fire you
don't need to see now there we go
watch whoa whoa this fire you're getting
big oh we got trestle legs on let's try
the through the lights on
okay let's go for it again
look you got that lit ready
flaming waterfall Wow
oh it's that's getting hot wow it's hot
in here like sizzle I know that this is
gonna be obvious but please do not try
that at home because you could've burned
yourself and don't try that with glass
cups so here's the thing let's be let's
be real here it's like being in school
and then the teachers tell you never to
try marijuana a lot of you tried to
marijuana I'm telling you not to try
this and a lot of you love fire so if
you do it don't do it in a glass cup
because when the glass overheats it
shatters unless it's it's like Pyrex or
something like like a measuring cup is
Pyrex and that allows you to you just
don't try it but if you do be careful
and don't pour from too high because
they although it look like I wasn't
pointing too high the higher you pour
the more splash there is and try getting
splashed with really hot flaming
Everclear not a good idea you ready to
go to bed but yeah Brandon's going down
in the elevator
focus
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I hope that you guys enjoyed
thanks so much again for the 200,000
subscribers crazy we already passed that
for more than thousand so thank you also
to Roman for that he gave me a big push
so I really appreciate that but that's
all I got
so that note I will see you guys getting
soon good bye we hit a big milestone
today we had 200,000 subscribers I
actually thought it would take a little
bit more time and then I was so shocked
when I went on Twitter
Roman randomly I didn't ask him to her
anything like that he just
