hey guys I don't even know what to say
right now because I was gonna if you
noticed this is this is the blog went up
today now there's I was gonna put up a
fold just regular vlog but the thing is
is we hit a big milestone today we had
200,000 subscribers I actually thought
it would take a little bit more time and
then I was so shocked when I went on
Twitter Roman randomly I didn't ask him
to do anything like that he just tweeted
out he's like hey me get my man Alex my
about 200,000 he's so close and then you
guys freaking killed it I was I like I
was so excited shocked and everything
and I was texting Rome and I was like
dude I i wish i could give so much more
back and he's like it's not even about
that he goes I don't I don't want
anything back you're a good friend I
want you to succeed I want you to do
well means so much to me for had to have
his support and your support and
everything and I don't know what to do
and a lot of you guys are expecting a
rap video as for wraps after the hundred
thousand marker I want to set big
milestones for myself to do these rap
videos so i wanted to set it for 250 500
750 million i know we will get there so
at 250 i'll make another epic rap we'll
do a quarter mil rat but 200,000 people
that is nuts and i know a lot of you
gonna get pissed that be like what the
hell this is the vlog I just I didn't
want to flood I didn't want to dilute it
with anything else or i'm just going to
lunch or anything like that I just
wanted to I wanted this vlog to be a
full dedication thank you just a thank
you to you guys because it means so much
this has been a dream come true
continuously every single day Harvey's
happy what are you doing buddy he's
smelling my shoes but I thought what can
we do I still want to do something huge
and I thought you know what for two
hundred thousand dollar dollars
that would be great for 200,000
subscribers let's let's do like a month
of Giveaways mate just like maybe one a
week maybe a couple week I don't know
what just gonna do a month of giveaways
I don't want to keep flooding my channel
with the giveaway stuff or my typical
social media stuff I was looking for
other stuff and getting suggestions from
people I talked to everyone from Roman
to gilroy to bunch of people and and
some people turn me on to a nap tag stir
ta GST are and that I can it has all of
my Instagram content already so you can
enjoy their and I can also just upload
exclusive content so i figured i could
do give away stuff there we do caption
contest so everyone that wants to
participate in the full month long of
giveaways for anyone in the world go
follow me on textures just Alex Mandel
same thing it is on Twitter on Instagram
on everything I just thought that'd be a
better place to put it rather than
flooding everything since we're going to
be doing it for a month so go follow me
on tagged sir I want to give away a ton
of cool stuff and I'm not talking about
just like a t-shirt I'm talking about
I'm gonna find some really cool stuff
maybe some camera stuff maybe just I
don't know we'll do it but this is my
big thank you if you don't want to
participate the giveaway stuff don't
worry I won't make your ears bleed with
all of my giveaway giveaway giveaway
that's what I'm gonna do it separately
on texture but if you want to
participate get that app TIG str and
let's just let's just keep going let's
keep going hard thank you guys so much
for everything you've done and
everything you continuously do and i
love all of you it's amazing that's what
I got for you for today back to regular
vlogs tomorrow so I hope you're excited
and i'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
one I just turned it on well i'm looking
i'm filming our process it's still long
but I yeah so you have to put product
like seeing it that like so I guys
amusing this is a mirror I have my
screen up which is why it looks like a
fucking above you
