hey guys it's a new day today and I my
neck is feeling much better I know I
told you guys that I had such a sore
neck and I could almost barely turn it
before now I almost have full range of
motion now that's feeling much better
the chiropractor can adjust it even more
so in the company that's I'm going to
head to him he's going to reset my neck
readjust everything hopefully it'll feel
even better after that and feel great
and then start my day I think i'ma go to
avoid traffic cuz I'm getting a haircut
today excited I'm definitely overdue for
one which is why I always wear my hat
too because I would love to not wear hat
the Hat is hot but I just my hair grows
and now i'm getting a haircut so i'm
gonna probably head over to where my
office is so that i can hang out there
until it's time for the haircut because
i don't want to sit in traffic later on
try to go there so I'm gonna head to the
chiropractor now and then we'll well
there have a good rest of the day you
guys know what song this is
it's on power 106 right now I just turn
on the radio by the way my neck feels
great on power 106 this is my
brother-in-law Alex Jackie's husband
this is his song it's cool to hear that
his songs on the radio
you guys can definitely check it out you
can look it up i think it might even be
on itunes now but it's by the Americanos
my brother-in-law's group called black
out with a little john Tyga Juicy J
check it out look who's here are you
standing are you standing by yourself
you're not saying by yourself oh no oh
no I think it's me I think you're scared
me are you scared me I think she's
scared of me okay little one I want to
try something look at me look at me
ready what look she wants food here look
look over here ready ready oh all you
care about is food you definitely
related okay ready and I want to try i
want to try to yawn while she's look at
me and see if I can get her to yawn oh
hey look look no hmm maybe you develop
like your intake did you learn you learn
Daniel yeah you learn it hey sure she's
just looking at me like an idiot how
many of you yacht i'm heading to get a
haircut now every time I'm in the car
there's no like the third time too
black out his honor
and then now it just ended but that's
it's playing so much it's so awesome for
my brother-in-law that that it's doing
well it's a plant if you hear song
playing over and over again on the radio
then it gets getting requested and
people like it so I'm happy for him look
at where we are you're gonna act
unsuspecting you don't notice the camera
yeah cuz Jake snapchats you and I and I
block it well guys this time years know
that I've been slipping my hair back I'm
gonna try to go back until I can think
of like a hairstyle that I really want
to try I'm gonna go back to my old one
my original hair can I have which was
kind of went to the side right like I
don't know what to call it pompadour
thing or constrain the whole hand
yeah I didn't have a tongue I don't know
if you look at all plugs you'll see it
we're gonna we're gonna you'll see
you'll see it to you that's long Michael
it down it's time to get cut one I just
turned it on oh well i'm looking i'm
filling our process it's still long but
I yes you have to put product like here
yeah copy I'm seeing it that like so i
guess i'm using this is a mirror i have
my screen up which is why it looks like
a fucking above you thank you item that
I think it looks great yeah i'm home
well that lets you ina few secs I got
well well her back this is what I used
to have before it how actually put him
back what I was a joke and we were like
maybe we should just try this here now I
love to change my they had a mustache
was just like oh this is funny and I
kept it now I don't know about I'm Stan
I 12 hair so we can always try things
out maybe in two weeks we'll try a
different thing I don't know we'll see
but for now I'm enjoying this
thank you for my gps things to me
sometimes so I'm heading right now to go
to dinner and when i get home though i'm
going to clean up my beard and I'm gonna
I didn't put anything in my hair or
anything that so it already has one it
whatever it has but we'll make it will
make it will clean this face make
everything look sexy and then we'll see
how it looks time to uh I'm just fixing
I'm reshaping my beard I'm going to trim
it up and I be my hair the way I want
and we're gonna look sexy oh there we go
I'm a little bit red because it's hot in
here it's like really hot steamy but
clean this all up trim to back down
check it out slick slick slick yeah yeah
back to this style I think it looks like
it I like it I'm happy with it so thank
you so much cherish love cuz you make me
look sexy okay guys well that's all I
got for you for today I hope that you
guys enjoyed watching I had a good day I
mean look at that right I think I think
I don't have any reason to to not be
happy right now I have it I looked like
a sexy man well on that note that's
that's it so on that note yeah I hit
that note every night
I'll see you good I'm tired what am I
even talking about right now yeah
goodbye people goodbye I will see you
guys again soon goodbye we didn't just
say goodbye and then I pulled out my
blog camera to say goodbye again right
that's not what just happened the second
goodbye is always better than the first
goodbye is it I think so yeah I think so
too actually it's kinda depressing like
say goodbye London took more than one I
just is when we're bad at goodbyes
that's why I always make a positive so
do you say bye bye it turned out so now
it's a good thing that we're saying
about it is that what it is I don't know
oh well
