hey guys it's a new day today
and it's a bit on the earlier side not
super early but earlier I am I just I
just got ready I'm going to breakfast
I'm going to breakfast with a certain
somebody and which is why I'm not
wearing a hat because a lot I don't want
to be I don't want to sit at breakfast
and have to take off my hat and have
head hair and be rude with a hat on
sorry that's sad - regardless of what my
hair looks like I did my hair so that I
can be respectful to her but I'm meeting
up with her in a little bit and then
we're gonna I'm gonna grab some
breakfast and that breakfast now check
out this view first off I know but that
is the better view that you gotta you
got to build up to it we gotta build up
to it and then we have pancakes and then
the best view I felt it's okay you got
to enjoy every pancakes rep penthouse
restaurant at the top of Huntley
is that good I haven't seen I haven't
seen you in so long or you're working
and I know I was she she actually texted
me yesterday and was like let's get
breakfast tomorrow morning and I was I
was like kind of giddy and I was like
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna turn
this blog camera were you there just
enjoy breakfast is that okay for you
guys so we didn't just say goodbye and
then I pulled out my vlog camera to say
goodbye again right that's not what just
happened the second goodbye is always
better than the first goodbye is it I
think so yeah I think so too actually
kinda depressing like say goodbye
longing to more than one I just when
we're bad at goodbyes now it's a good
thing that we're saying goodbye is that
what it is well I'm back at my place now
but I'm getting ready for um the gym I
gotta go work out and get sexy had a
great breakfast so happy that I got to
see her she's always great and no he's I
just enjoy spending time with her but
now I gotta go work out I gotta go I
gotta go to the gym so I'm gonna leave
my vlog camera here and just I'll be
back in a second
watch this
and it's as easy as that my shirt feels
like I just jumped into a pool I need to
take a shower because I probably stink
and get cleaned up and start my day so
let's do that right now
I'm going to hell radar off gonna meet
Jaden rule that Korean barbecue what a
freakin surprise
we're enjoying our Korea what are you
doing I am so hot right now this air
conditioning is not really working that
well I mean okay
I was just on you now broadcasting for
hours I'll say and anyone that was on
you now thank you for watching and
sitting through all of my stories I love
to that you now is my intimate time
because I actually get to hear instant
responses from you guys so again I'll
push that if you guys want to join for
those you don't know it's you know.com
sasha alex meadow or getting on the app
and my username sounds no no but we had
a good time on there we had a great time
I just set it up here on my Corona box
on my computer and I wheel on this the
whole time some people don't know that
I'm on the wheel and I just keep moving
back and forth and they're like if you
have to pee then go pee I don't that pee
I'm just this helps me be like moving
around and dancing but I am extremely
tired so Harvey is already right there
sleeping in my room waiting for me so he
i outdid him he is sleeping and I'm
awake looks like I'm the big boy and the
family but uh yeah so plug in to get
ready
and go to bed but thank you guys for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed and on
that note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye but parents are here now I'm
almost plated Harvey you're on periscope
yeah family family family fun day and I
got the camera we're gonna we're gonna
set up and I'm gonna do some prank calls
so you guys probably saw it prank call
yesterday we haven't done it yet so I
don't know how well it but that's what
we're gonna film right now do some some
prank calls
