hey guys it's a new day today and jörg
avail herself a good day like Saturday
I'm still kind of hung over from
yesterday still not kind of like a good
amount hungover like I kind of feel like
crap but at the same time I'm excited
because I have no reason not to be I
think Brandon and Hannah are going to
come over in a little bit and we're
going to shoot drink videos I'm gonna do
another drink video with Hannah I think
that'll be fun she actually has my most
viewed drink video on the drinks channel
as it is so Polly will do another big
popular one and that'll be great we'll
have yourself a good time good day good
everything that's that's what we're
doing today I didn't plan on making like
an Omega video tonight but I decided
sometimes I just go on omegle and type
in like YouTube as the thing and I go
and I talk to people and I meet people
and try to find new channels and
everything and I went on and I and I
bumped into Caitlin here and and i said
to her i said uh well what's your
channel and she goes I'm not gonna tell
you might be a rapist and so I was like
okay I'll tell you mine so I wrote mine
and then she looked closer and I I think
she's crying are you crying I said but
you thought I was I could have been a
rapist true that she's like I thought
you went familiar nice watch ok I was ok
I'll put you on the blog so this turned
into like a like a spontaneous omegle
vlog but it's the must that I don't have
yeah I don't have the curly mustache
anymore Brandon Hannah were supposed to
be much here much earlier but
unfortunately he had to attend to he had
to tend to his his dog Nikita German
Shepherd she hated nothing nothing was
wrong and he just she was doing
something weird you want to bring him to
the vet just to check it out so he
he did that it's now pretty late waiting
on that it's hard because i was going to
blog with them it's not like freaking
out that I'm like ha what do I do
they're downstairs now he's here it's
pretty late we're going to go grab a
really late dinner not a plus B so we're
going to go to like there's like a
24-hour Delhi get some food there and
then I'll not we'll figure out what to
do hopefully we can still get some good
stuff I don't know what happened
yesterday that was such a bad blogging
day for me kind of threw me off by
Brandon them and Hannah which was come
earlier and then there to deal with all
the stuff and here i am making excuses
but clearly I'm not going to put up the
vlog today but I still want to put out
some sort of video like that's I've been
doing so well with like a video every
day so my dad my mom and dad are coming
out now so maybe I'll do like another
prank called my dad or something
uploaded I don't know we'll figure
something out but i'm gonna i'm meeting
up with my parents and a little bit
we're gonna get something to eat start
today have a good time right bud I need
some more pictures of you for your
Instagram right he doesn't have that he
needs more pictures on his Instagram in
case you don't follow him you shit it's
just at Harvey Bulldog right bud any
more followers but parents are here now
I'm always played with Harvey you're on
periscope yeah family family fun family
fun day and I got the Kim we're gonna
we're gonna set up and I'm gonna do some
prank call so you guys probably saw
prank call yesterday we haven't done it
yet so I don't know how well it didn't
but that's what we're gonna phone right
now do some some prank calls we just
finished the the prank call I'm about to
put it up and apparently my dad is a
bald bastard it's not funny this little
buddy go check out the Frank if you did
i do you see it i'll actually put the
link to it in case you can see I put the
link in the description you guys can
check it out mother yes I have a
question for you sure this is your desk
great what this is your desk yes ok um
what's this
no comment this this straw mom okay well
I'm gonna put that back where her pens
are and we're gonna we're gonna go eat I
went out for free me it'll look like
she's reaching for you but she's really
was reaching for bringing usually she
won she wats food to disappoint anyone
where that did
yeah yeah we're back in Santa Monica now
and you guys if you play GTA you know
this house
go down to drive next to the pier in GTA
and you'll see it I'm walking past the
real one right now a lot most of the
things in GTA 5 GTA 5 are real they're
right over here the back of my place now
you guys have seen heart of you being
lazy but he's in a mood to play right
now I have no idea why and i'll show you
how he likes to play rough you literally
like charge my arm and put it right in
his mouth that's exactly doing right now
watch consum yeah but ah gotcha yeah ah
I love you boy I love you boy but you're
going that way you're on that way
passengers smell this
let's discuss oh
this is too much guys
are you done can you watch TV go watch
TV okay
I also wanted to tell you guys I'm
making a recent effort to a lot of you
guys left to chat more you want me to go
on periscope more what you want me to
try growing twitch twitch is harder
because to do by myself because the play
and to chat is a lot harder but I what I
what I found is that if i go on
periscope not all of you can chat a lot
of you can watch but you can't all type
because the room gets full right other
than if you use my hack thing but even
still it's tough so I've trying now to
make it a goal of mine to go on you now
at least once a day that's you know calm
or you can get the you now app on your
phone and you can watch and my name on
there it's just you now calm / Alex
Mandel there's no spaces and Alex Mandel
for that or just look up after them
you'll find it go make sure you go on
there check it out so that I could chat
live with you every day you know if I'm
just cooking dinner here if I'm hanging
out if I'm just want to hang and watch
TV or say that I'll turn on at least
once a day I will try my hardest so you
guys should go on there check it out
let's talk live let's make it let's make
it so this this blog isn't just me
vlogging all day and then showing you
tomorrow I want to talk with you live so
let's do that make sure you go to you
now calm / alex modèle and then go
ahead and add me on there so we can talk
live okay guys well that's all I got for
you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching Harvey you happy Kevin
boy we're gonna sleep yeah it hi
everyone to asleep and I wanted to sleep
plus I'm having breakfast with a certain
someone tomorrow that you guys will see
him tomorrow
but yeah that's all I got so go check
out that prank call if you didn't see it
yesterday I'll put the description the
the link in the description while I'm
tired okay you know what on that note I
will see you guys again soon goodbye
tell me to get out of there oh you might
hold the cue ball best fit well bastard
you know what you call me a ball bastyr
I'm hanging up I'm hanging up the Pope I
hang up the phone on him he called me a
bald bastard no no yes correctly a bald
bastard
