hey guys I'm with my dad today and we
are doing a prank call on periscope live
on his periscope ATS Howie Mandel and
the people are writing in right now and
they got to give me phone numbers and
names and then a person named and tell
us what to say and we'll do it yeah
we're your little monkeys puppets we are
monkeys monkey balls Sunday Sunday
monkeys Mandel monkey balls yeah we're
calling Mike Wilson we're cutting down
his neighbors tree yes well it's just
dialing yep dala
hello hello I'm looking for a mic yeah
we have a report that you cut a
neighbor's tree report that I cut my
baby tree other than a little important
what what word don't you understand
excuse me what word that I just did you
cut your neighbor's tree fucking dare
Mother Hubbard hey hey hey hey you watch
your language
I'm popular what you go well why would
you this is not your tree I'm putting it
right on without it's guys ready petting
it over my friend overnight ten times
noting that not to do it himself
so I fooled it no you didn't prune it
you cut it and that's what I'm getting
it I'm cocoon cut who cut the printer it
is not prune is not cut you cut well as
far as oh you there who are you the tree
Queen nothing I'm Howard okay and I'm
gonna put you on with Alex right now sir
and you will pay the price now down to
the paper copy fuck them
you want to know whether they'll come
with me pay the fines I love Eva coming
but what is is sure you cut the tree do
you have a problem with what I'm saying
no your what your name how is the tree
cop that's you I'm putting along with
Alex right now sir
okay can't wait for this one in back
papa
a couple period sir Sir yes is this Mike
actually I just wanted to know what what
why did you feel that you had the right
to cut someone else's tree that you
don't know funny if you want to come
bring my phone and well call him back
okay well I like him it's got a attitude
that's why I like to
once you call me with a number so least
I know who you are you want to hide the
rule so I don't know threats you know if
you listen to what I'm saying if you
keep this attitude up I will hang up on
you again yeah
no you did nothing
I don't care I don't like that attitude
when do you hang up on someone you're
breaking much we'll keep looking and
every time he's back we'll just hang up
on him like I'm not the weather attitude
or I will hang up okay that's it I'm
hanging up
I'm not gonna take that kind of shit
from anybody Oh calm down okay okay do
this all day and we have to shut the
phone
no Mike are you calm now or I'm gonna
have to hang up on you I'm more calm
than you I obey your mother I actually
want to hear it is Siri anxious you
think I hang you're not buying your make
me calm without you baby gonna through I
wanna let you know no no no no no no no
no I want respect and you're not dealing
with respect yes okay you want respect
come ring the bell enough he's always
saying come ring the bell
honey I can't tell he's not telling me
what to do I have to tell him what to do
tell me this isn't driving you guys
crazy sorry phone about okay reveal now
you're saying Joseph haven't yet it's up
you do sound proper
yes there's Howard what can I do feel
okay now that we're calm whatever not
felt what if you raise your voice to me
I'm going to hang up on that little leaf
items you look it I'm going to kill my
dog
that's how I'm calm I am right now why
why not that's terrible
anyway you need do you need any
information from us excuse me do you
need any information from us you know
come down to this
I'm raising I love you come here okay
you have a pen you want to write down my
name no I'm not a very high IQ like did
you didn't okay
my name is Howie Mandel okay tell me to
get out of there
oh you old bastard you guys you've all
been spit well bastard you know what you
call me a ball bastard I'm hanging up
I'm hanging up the boat I hang up the
phone on him he called me a ball bastard
no no yes gravely a fall bastard you
don't call me a ball bastard that's it
okay moving on that's it that's it we're
not I don't wanna be called a ball bat I
can't take this I can't take this kind
of abuse that's it for today okay no
more prank calls goodbye everybody
goodbye boy you're podcasters yeah
that's not good I mean does it get out
like that out in
I started getting the stage do you get
out I think we got out
