hey guys it's a new day today and not
sure what we're gonna do but but we're
gonna have it's it's it's Friday it's
right well you guys are watching this
Saturday but it's Friday for me so we're
gonna do something cool I don't know I'm
gonna see what everyone's doing and
trying to figure out my day and get
started and have ourself a good day like
we always do
okay guys you remember this right
because I showed you my mini popover pan
I got yesterday in the mail yesterday I
ordered it because I was gonna make a
video with it a drink video some of you
guys in the vlog that was up today for
me comment it is it gonna be the same
thing tipsy bartender just did and I was
like what did he just do literally the
video he put up today on my tray came in
yesterday and the video he puts up today
is the exact video I wanted to do with
the same exact tray what video is that I
wanted to make chocolate chip cookie
shot glasses right that's frickin
awesome I would have loved to do that
when I was with Roman on Monday I was
like this is a video I really want to do
I actually think it'd be fun to do that
with iJustine texted her told her hey
let's make chocolate chip cookie shots
she was like sounds fantastic it's a
great what about Tuesday or Wednesday
she said that she was gonna be out of
town so that's fine she's out of town
but
imagine if I did that Roman has always
told me one thing and it's always been
so true egos if you have an idea for
something whether it be a prank or
anything any kind of video do it right
away because someone else is gonna beat
you to it and I figured who else is
gonna beat me to chocolate-chip cookie
shot glasses
I mean I've watched tipsy bartender self
he's never done that he did it one day
after I got the tray and I was planning
on making that video tomorrow if I just
seen was in town it would have been up
Wednesday or Thursday so that would have
been up before hits that would been cool
but it's got screwed on that video I
have no one to blame but myself if I
have an idea I'm gonna do it from now on
if I just like this is gonna be cool
let's just do it and that should be
something you guys should go buy too if
you guys have an idea that you want to
do don't worry about how am I gonna do
it or will people like it just do it or
else someone else might do it before you
and I love how some of you dump tons out
there like you copy your your popover
trays copying tipsybartender I love that
you think I'm a psychic to think of it
one day before his video comes out but
I'm not a psychic I I talked to max no
sleeves so we're gonna go out tonight
probably to bar hangout I tried to
invite this girl that I've been
interested in but she's not answering it
doesn't seem to be very interested in me
but it's okay cuz I'm very used to that
but right now I decided to stream on you
now I have been a lot better I do this
more often so if you guys wanna check it
out just you know calm slash Alex Mandel
and just eight so I'm like getting this
gaseous state coming up so everyone
wants to say hi here let's let's uh wait
wait there you go hey hello oh my god
blog bragging Alex rocks of vlogging
time my blog blog blog vlog it like
flies for a little bit so yeah oh oh it
needs to focus
vivillon see I've been just hanging on
here waiting for people to want to do
stuff and want to hang out with me so I
don't have to be alone and then we can
have fun for the for the rest of the day
/ night slash blogger hey got some
friends over now we're gonna really
start the party Matt Jake Benji still on
you now cheers to start the night some
tequila yeah let's do it
I'll be on camera either it's taken a
lot of time you guys ready - wait no no
they've been informal simulants but
stupid sticker I'll take it
take that off you're not supposed to
remove it he's bothering me he's
bothering you this was removing mr. I
would have removed it if I was supposed
to get it off leave that sticker we
Sherman's bungalow and it's closed now
we went there we hung out I didn't meet
my wife I thought I was gonna meet my
future wife I know right I shouldn't I
shouldn't oh she's just like Hello I
think we might go to Beverly Hills now
me to get funny so now the clubs closed
try to figure it out max left are you
and there's a good time uh pretty drunk
among a lot and we're just gonna have a
good time
yeah that's no good
that's not a good thing to see get out I
think we got out
back at my place now as soon as I was
walking in the building there was a cop
there's a cop car out front that was
like what then there was a cop walking
on my building I was like hey he's
everything cool and he's like it's all
good like well I I live in there I just
want to know like what's going on he's
like it's a noise complaint for a party
think my head like there's no one two
lives in my building that's like you
young and partying what and if so I want
why wasn't I invited to the party why
whenever I have like a party I always
post like a like a thing on the on
everyone's door like hey I'm having this
party and hey here's my number
stuff in case you know they wanted to
come by or something no just freaking
plate stuff but I didn't hear anything
when I was going up so maybe his
complaint worked and they turned
everything down I didn't see any cars
out front for a party or anything so I
don't know but I'm back at home now and
I'm I have to I have to use the bathroom
really bad okay guys well that's the
next day I'm I have a headache
I'm hungover any - I'll need Advil okay
guys well that's all I got for you yeah
that's it
so on that note I'll see you guys again
soon
goodbye beep whoo
be people to be pitied
