hey guys it's a new day today and right
now i'm actually heading to my
chiropractor reason being is i told i
mentioned a few vlogs back or maybe more
um that I hurt my neck so actually I got
a bad massage and just it like did sign
in my neck and I was like okay it's sore
but it'll get better it's almost been
four weeks and it like Oh hurts my neck
here we turn in here and hurts it so I
got another massage since then to try to
help it didn't help it that much it
actually helped a little bit but I think
maybe just my necks out so now I'm going
to the chiropractor check it out
hopefully he can help set things back
into place and that'll make me feel
better but that's where I'm heading
right now and then afterward I think I'm
meeting up with Brendan I just got back
now from the chiropractor and I gotta
tell you guys he actually was great and
I could turn my neck like it still hurts
obviously he's not like a wizard but he
readjusted and I'm gonna see him within
a week again for follow-up but he did
great work on my neck so I'm happy I did
that and hopefully it'll be completely
gone soon I'll feel okay I know it'll be
a little bit sore I just even when I'm
driving to like turn to switch lanes
like I don't know so not comfortable so
hopefully feel better with this soup
t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t tttt hello come on
oh yeah IBM reesatoni a good taking
poopy live poop a lot of my pants and I
actually don't know any spanish so if
you may have heard something that I said
that was correct in Spanish and please
let me know visibly cool Brandon had
lunch before he came here and we are
definitely gonna do korean BBQ but that
means i'm going to overeat and i'm gonna
have myself a good time so for right now
to get myself some some tummy food
before we go a little bit later in a
couple hours few hours I have myself
liked it lean keen lon black beans
butternut squash and fart oh that sounds
like it's super pleasant I'm so fat no
but I am this is what I found in the
freezer so I'm making it it's done in
the microwave so neat this then I'll
just be thinking of korean BBQ I'm being
lazy now Brandon's being lazy now
Harvey's being lazy now it's lazy day in
apartment haha Brandon's busy planners
hearthstone ohms on periscope no one I
even care about yeah it's not my dad I
think it's like funny your tires that
yeah it's funny or die is life yeah so
we're just hanging and then now see what
to do and then later on we're gonna go
grab some korean BBQ still hungry i'm
excited is it time is it time are we
going to four great mushroom Wow leave
me a racist friend you ready for this
log when I'm here God be king oh this is
where it where that this does someone
want their korean BBQ yeah here to give
me the harvey dance go on give it to me
hover dance to wiggle there you go there
we go do the wiggle do the wiggle shake
that booty shake that booty shake that
booty shake it shake it shake that booty
shake that booty here okay you can have
it now do the Hobby dance do it gets a
declination angle beer enjoy you just
charge him well he pooped oh my God he's
gonna do something whoa he just pooped
celebrate so it can you yes they can't
well maybe cuz you're in trouble fart
see you guys actually going downstairs
like that before he ran out so fast he
every time he poops he gets super
excited beer put man your foot man be
right hahaha you poop oh oh ah crazy man
you did good buddy you took yourself
upstairs to go poopy that's a good boy
that's a good boy you're proud of
yourself aren't you is it weird that
when I go down to get a package I still
write this thing I think this actually
prevents a lot of exercise even if your
site's walking down and walking around
and everything and back into the
elevator oh god this is this is the
motorized lazy motorized lazy make you
lazy make you lazy 2000 yes that's what
it is i just opened the package and like
if if people didn't know why I was using
certain things i was using they would
think i order the most ridiculous things
which i do order the most ridiculous
things i like to think of amazon is like
buying my own presence i buy stuff
forget about it within the two days or
whatever and then when it comes I'm like
I feel like the mailman is
like Santa Claus and he's bringing me
presents or she she's bringing me
presents so I got 12 cup mini popover
pan why do I need why do I need a mini
popover pan well it's actually something
I'm going to use for my drinks channel
if you guys have any ideas of other
youtubers guys girls anyone that you
would love to see in a YouTube in a
drinks video on the channel let me know
in the comments below don't pitch me
like Roman or Dennis or any one of those
those are already very close friends
that anytime Romans in town he'll do a
he'll do a drink video if he has time
any of them will do one if they have
time someone that I don't already always
hang out with so let me know which ones
you would like to see me do videos with
it with and I will try to get in contact
with them or contact them and schedule
them and it'll be it'll be good time
be people to be PP my sister actually
got me yesterday's I'm gonna try to get
hurt
dianna wasn't even that good she got me
so good yesterday hey I know she I've
been like dreading the fact that she was
able to get me so ah I need I need to
get back on my my throne to them with me
Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey
Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey happy Holi
hello let's go watch some TV what's on
what do you know it's on animal planet
on Animal Planet sound was working a
second ago on my TV and I'll just cut
out I wonder if it's a problem with the
station or something I don't know we got
no audio man we got no audio you should
we just watch it just to see the
pictures yeah okay we could do that I
just tried turning the whole system off
and then back on and looks like signal
on body oh boy this way it is we're just
kind of live with it okay
you can just live with it like it just
is here go talk to the Tata talk to them
talk to them
please do we don't get to watch the show
what show is on tanked my oh let's get a
thing they built the taken my dad's
office and then you see my dad wait it's
my dad's episode and I don't even have
any audio well it's okay i guess we'll
have to just go see don't go to the
office in person and see it i guess
we're just not gonna watch TV tonight
some nights I'd just like to sit and hey
and watch TV then my night before I go
to bed and this TV has been broken if
you guys saw vlogs back and I just
haven't changed it out I need a new one
but for now I've just been watching TV
over there and now it wasn't playing any
sound so hopefully I can fix that
tomorrow is really funny that my dad
happened beyond that that happens a lot
actually even I'll be at the gym and
like a GT ads will come on our side that
like oh there's dad again hey Dad hey
Dad if you go on like american airlines
the first thing to like open up the
entertainment is my dad like welcome to
NBC on American a source of it
everywhere I just feel like my dad's
just always keeping an eye on me that's
what's really happening but uh anyway
that's all I got for you for today so
hope you guys enjoyed and that note i
will see you guys again soon goodbye so
just to be safely of nothing here in the
magazine barrel is completely clear so
let's go ahead put the barrel bar we'll
just let's reassemble
this thing and it's good to go
