hey guys it's a new day J and we're
going to have ourselves a good day I
don't know why yet but it will be great
I know that in a little bit some friends
are coming out to to meet with me they
want to they want to talk to me about my
idea so I will see what the idea is to
lady friends so that'll be in a little
bit and then Oh
figure out the rest of our day as you
guys know I'm going to be going to
playlist live at DC for those either
don't know I got sperm no I'm going to
play slime and easy that's in the
beginning of September but I want to be
able to shoot drink videos there I have
like a cheaper tripod to bring but it's
still big and then there's no way I'm
bringing this beast that's just not
going to happen so I ordered a gorilla
pod for DSLR so order this
it's like monster sauce here look at
this
so hopefully this works it has a level
on here so that I can like I think I can
unscrew this and just yeah I can then
lock it in hopefully that will work in
playlists I don't know I had like a mini
one of those for my blog camera at a
certain point remember where that is but
now I just ordered this from Amazon and
hopefully it does the jobs that I need
to bring a giant tripod that would that
would be too much debris if you guys
checked out my how to infuse out how to
make alcohol infused whipped cream on my
drinks channel and you saw I use one of
these whipped cream makers blah blah
this one happens to be an expensive one
but a lot of you were like what's the
point teaching us this if we can't make
it ourselves well you can go hon Amazon
I'm just saying this because a lot of
you been asking so I figured I just
address it
you can get a whipped cream maker I
think like like 30 bucks on Amazon you
might even be able to find a cheaper and
if not there are plenty of ways to make
whipped cream you could even make it in
a mixer in whatever so for those of you
that are worried about not being able to
make it be still king you just got to
find other methods or go buy one of
those anytime I'm in an elevator that
has like a great ceiling like enough I
like a grated one you know like these
whole things I always think like what
have you just like looked up and there
was a there was like a gun someone just
like hit it from like a crime up in that
great I was and all of like one of these
days I'm going to look up and someone's
gonna be like hiding a weapon up there
or something I don't know wonder what do
it I should put mine up there and see
what it looks like if I even hit my gun
in an elevator that way you know if I
ever if I ever commit a terrible crime I
can just hide it in the elevator right
because that's that's a great place
either I'm gonna try it with my Glock 19
here before I do that we'll do a safety
check of the gun and make sure
everything is clear before I start
fiddling around with it so just to be
safely of nothing here in the magazine
barrel is completely clear so let's go
ahead put this barrel bar we'll just
let's reassemble this thing
and it's good to go so we got this right
here like lock 19 I actually don't know
if I would be able I mean yeah I can't
it's hard to tell them camera but I
don't know maybe not maybe it would be a
good place I because you can't really
tell it just kind of looks like stuff if
their agony I could tell it's what I'm
looking through these little holes I
could tell okay let's put this thing
away I'm at you guys know my favorite
color flames films you'll love it and
I'm here with the twinsies over
you got to admit mo dito cop I've told
them before that they got to try it but
we're talking about rich 7 but I totally
should do a drink on the drinks channel
some you think so let me know and I will
let me know in the comments what you
think if you want to do a drink if you
say no they will cry so are you guys
gonna make girls alright strawberry nice
I'm walking right now to go meet up with
my mom and my sisters and Alex Abby
little Abby and custom our teen a
Mexican restaurant out here in Santa
Monica
I'm hungry how to eat hello hi hello
sister your hair I was gonna wait till
I'm on the blog to mention it I just
realized it looks great the important
part is that I noticed though shaping
shit that's weird mom hi Riley Oh
not-so-secret seller so RV you want some
dinner here on some dinner
come get it oh yeah oh yeah you've
shaken you shaking that booty you give
you looking fly
look at you oh yeah shake it a head
that's actually is happy dance look at
that let's check it as head back and
forth you do it happy you shake your
booty you shake your booty shake it all
around shake it all around shake it all
around shake it all around shake it
shake shake it shake it through the
Harvick dance to the Harvey dance now
enjoy your dinner
that's his I'm excited for dinner Harvey
dance he does it every time it's so
weird
hey hey hey look over here but come here
man come on man come but come on
come on you could do it no you're done I
am too
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today hey Harvey Harvey you wanna
come to bed
Harvey you too babe it's true bed well I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and yeah
Harvey definitely do it himself so on
that note I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
I just finished shooting and I think
it's her not great I'm kind of like a
mess everywhere on my arms on my shirt
but I think it turned out fantastic for
what I can do by myself um so all I ask
is please go check it out
