hey guys it's a new day today and I just
took a shower got already I looked the
same as yesterday and the day before and
the day before Roman is working all day
today so hopefully if he gets off early
enough later then I can shoot some
drinks with him or do a drink video but
we'll see it's tentative so we don't
really know what the exact time is or
whether he can or cannot but right now I
have one thing on my mind and one thing
only and that is food and I must get
myself some lunch it's lunch time why
are you so lazy huh was so lazy
play with your drills lazy boy I just
went and grabbed some lunch i'm having a
tuna salad yeah tuna salad tuna salad
from Bay city's it's a really good place
here they have really good sandwiches
and stuff but guess who decided to get a
salad I did it's not that amazing I
actually really wanted it um yeah excuse
me anyway I also i posted a picture of
Instagram today of Roman sitting on my
back and we were both in our in our
underwear sounds bad to say that but the
funny thing is I you know it's funny
it's harmless it's totally harmless
that's that's a good word and the funny
thing is is so many people so many of
you guys there's a lot of that aren't
allotting that get the humor in it and
the fun in it and every day that but
there's a lot of you that are like
that's disgusting that's terrible and I
thought about it I was like if it was
one of my female friends sitting on my
back none of you would think it's
disgusting and it has nothing to do with
whether you're gay or whether you're
straight I think a lot of you are just
afraid of gay I know let that sounds
weird but like you're afraid like Lonnie
you wrote out I feel terrible pushing
like on this why we are two friends
having a good time it was just a funny
thing don't be don't be scared of that
that's just if it's funny it's funny
first off look who's here it's burning
and we just went to we went to we went
here circle atop and what it is is it's
like a like at william sonoma store like
a home pots pans all kind of stuff you
know and
I wanted to get something to make a
specific drink with that I couldn't get
in a normal store so I went I got it
it's in the bag he's okay trying to lose
my shot and while you shop there they
have like a i hope this wind is not
killing it but you can get a free cup of
coffee can while you shop and they'll
make it fresh for you there so it's
worth it it's getting pretty late now
and I just talked to Roman he's gonna
run and get dinner before he heads this
way if he does if he's not too tired he
had to work all day so I'm not making
him do anything he doesn't feel like
doing but this drink that I want to make
or this this video I want to do I kind
of I took something that people know
kind of had to do not everyone but
people know how to do and making it my
own crazy thing and I looked it up to
see if anyone else had this idea or even
tried to see if it's possible and no one
has ever even I couldn't find any video
or article or anything so if it works
it'll be really cool and if not then
I'll have to think of something else to
do I just tried the I just tried to make
the the drink for the first time or the
thing i want to do with the video and it
utterly failed ha I'm gonna try it over
again see what happens I wish I just say
with it i hope that it works and if it
doesn't work then i'll be able to share
with you as well if it does then you
guys gonna be but
yeah I will see but right now i'm making
dinner make it some just chicken peas
rice and corn easy peasy yep
I just tried it one more time and after
trying it I realize it's just that's why
I didn't find any videos or articles
about is because I don't think it's
impossible like I don't think it's legit
really possible so i will share with you
guys what i wanted to do thought it'd be
really cool but yeah so you guys have
heard of alcohol infused whipped cream
which is great you could buy premade or
maybe i'll make a video to show you how
you can make different flavors of
alchemy your own homemade alcohol
infused whipped cream which is fun to
make but what I wanted to do was I
wanted to make flaming whipped cream I
wanted to make flammable whipped cream
so like you could top a drink with it
and the cream would be there as you
serve it you light it on fire and it
would melt down into the Drake I thought
that would be so cool I've never seen
that before the problem being is I used
I have a whipped cream maker and I used
everclear so see I've been trying it
here to load these up the Chargers to
make the whipped cream the first time I
made it whipped cream came out great
wouldn't light but Lisa's big the next I
made it comes out like liquid because I
added more everclear because it would
light but when i add more Everclear and
have less whipping cream it can't hold
but I was like you know what let's see
if at least it'll still like because
then I could just make flammable cream
it doesn't even like because if you
light a cocktail or shop you float the
flammable liquid on the top and you like
that as soon as it mixes with the heavy
whipping cream or any other ingredient
it begins to dilute itself and bring the
percentage down and can't light on fire
so it mixes too much in there it's not
going to work but I tried we'll see i'm
gonna keep trying to make some cool
stuff and i will get some cool stuff out
with you but
I tried I just talked to Roman and he
was willing to come but he was like
exhausted worked all day I said screw it
go sleep go back I can do this myself so
he needs his rest cuz he's not done he's
got to do some more stuff and I don't
want him to have to go out of his way
for me so I figured you know what I'm
gonna do a video on my own I'm just like
when i did the mile high club drink
thing I'm gonna do this one I mentioned
that maybe I'll do a video of infused
liquid liqueur infused whipped cream and
so that's what I'm going to do I'm going
to show you guys exactly how to make
homemade liqueur infused whipped cream
and it tastes great so most likely the
link will be down in the description box
because I'm making it now I'll bitterns
that great
I just finished shooting and I think
it's your not great i'm kind of like a
mess everywhere on my arms on my shirt
but i think it turned out fantastic for
what i can do by myself um so all i ask
is please go check it out you know let
me know what you think cuz did it all
buff oh oh my god sink is running Wow
wasting water and it's where to drought
I'm such a terrible person ah damn it
anyway though go check it out in the
drinks and i'll put the link down below
in the description so take a look i just
finished editing now it's exporting i
won't be able to see it almost done 11
minutes 20 whatever it is remaining yeah
so it'll be ready
looks like someone's ready for bed you
ready for bed or you just waiting you're
waiting by my bad man you're reading
bird my bed man yeah you were gonna
sleep inglis leave he's tired he's tired
at our little boy but um that's all I
got for you guys for today so I hoped
you guys enjoyed and there will always
be more to come so if you want more go
check out the other video and on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye wait that's what you want it's
recording now oh wait I just want to
know what is happening balls I
