hey guys it's a new day today and look
who's here hey you wanna turn to hide
let's leave No
the blog you know what to hide
she's enjoying her ice cream here at the
Mirage they have dolphins and Tigers
right Tigers and stuff Wow
yeah and my mom is saying that we might
be able to sneak into that area through
their roots so that's what we're going
to try right now Jackie we're going to
try to sneak in you sneak into the
Dolphins here
hope
not
but imagine knowing how to read a book
that's the ticket right there I always
make sure no one uses weight though
so DZ you hit your head and you have
little ones with you to make sure
there's beer all around those green
approaches will volunteer
baby laughs she's always being under and
that's just to make sure that she's
eating nursing every so often that the
dolphins are interacting well with her
just monitoring her and making sure
she's nice and healthy here comes the
baby one
oh thank you thank you very much all
right
that was super incredible just I mean
that baby dolphin with normal in the
world but that take that you guys saw
the baby dolphin is that's actually the
perfect pot those are all females in
that smaller tank while they take care
and nurse the little one until that
little one gets old enough to go into
the bigger tank where the males are and
difficult but I've never seen a dolphin
that young only two weeks old just a
really cool thing to see kind of rush
now to find Seth and this girl for their
apps
I think this ball right here because
we're here to grab a drink of a running
over to Murray show he headlines over
Planet Hollywood so we go over there now
this bar looks closed I don't know where
they are I found you this is really the
real actions happening what's happening
there oh I think you got a little seat
how is she wasted wait that are old huh
we are we getting drink twist yours this
is just whiskey with this jacket okay
Marie to play are we kind of just legal
everywhere today
that's the secret knock oh is it well
not now we're giving it away is there
any like pretty thing you could show me
get me excited for your show thing yeah
let's do this I'm going to teach you
trick to your fans a cool pad yeah yeah
I would say way you hold this day you
know we just stand there watch oh I'm
gonna hang two beers yes yeah now watch
carefully I can replace into my desk you
want to the best this is this carefully
that
and legged near watch customer says BAM
turn into a handkerchief go back to find
collect if you like that fuck not bad
right so you want to learn later on yeah
yes all right so you like this right and
the secret of vamp hole in noggin okay
all right so when you get home what you
do is you find a wooden egg which is
usually by a decoy okay so for either I
didn't know where to find that yet so
there's a holiday like that they're too
anxious we nee did you take one place it
in your pocket yeah I'm using the hoodie
we even have a jacket over the right
that's here then this I'm right handed I
put the egg in my right pocket now if
you're left-handed switched up okay
you know they have all you take the
handkerchief you put this in your left
pocket if you want right please do you
stand here now I will just put the red
first they look here yeah they don't
look shows when you sneak the egg you're
in
alright that's what you do it's called
Tommy alright this to look natural that
non-network right so you want to kind of
right so hold them there like so then
you think that anchor if you put it in
to your chest ribs we can see looks like
as you push down as you can see a point
into the egg but they don't know it
obviously don't swing your hand this way
why don't like the trick so force all
the way into the fifth line clip super
tight right all the way down the key is
to make sure it's all the way in the egg
does not mean it'll pop up when you pop
the egg out right so you want to make
sure it's all the way in it's not all
the way in prime mistake you do this
snap your fingers and go fans there it
is reach your pocket and then for simple
yes very simple okay now here's the
problem you want to make sure you never
ever do this trick feel behind you
you'll see the whole pocket
yeah so that the idea is that they do
what I do it like snap my
right I just peel the whole lot I just
take that I just take them all right off
this that's what I do it and then I did
I think this here wait you watch really
care about you'll don't believe the real
I try to do that and crack the eggs
really cheers to be like rocky fill in
the mountain and done say haha not like
that look we think that's really rule Oh
loving the rest for NBC's American
defense Comedy Central and regional Hong
Kong celebrity magician
me
Hey
the
Oh
we're out here filming at Ricardo
Laguna's house aka Arnold's backyard
yeah this is like the coolest backyard
I've ever seen in my life
I don't want to brag but yeah this is it
yeah you know that I used to race the
elec well this is freestyle
I die and do crazy tricks racing is
going fast and love what you're used to
race indeed but this is a freestyle
Bakula so this is where the training
facility where anything goes okay I
actually have an eat where they just
moved in about five months ago and he's
already doing backflips really I mean I
don't have that stand a bar for ya all
you viewers who wants to see him do a
backflip wall okay I mean I would come
back and try to learn by the way I have
helmets spare bikes and waivers so beer
we go out there make sure you sign a
waiver seems like a spare bones no
that's that's something for the doctor
okay well you guys could you know what
why don't you go have some but I'm going
to show them some of the stuff okay
I'll do that right now
copy that be a crowd-pleaser but upside
down doom back is for the pants
bill that was sick so yeah thank you for
stopping by
welcome to sunny Las Vegas or humid Las
Vegas which I rarely have because we
just had rain yesterday that was weird
rld's backyard my own personal compound
where bunch of kids come out and you
seem contain the X Games and disdain
agency Olympics so tune in and if you
need anything else make sure you follow
me at ricardo underscore laguna any
social media platform as I said come
onto my next step so yeah we're not
doing too much last night we just went
to dinner hung out everything black she
left the vlog camera in the room so you
guys can get busy past that but that's
okay cuz I gave you much fun stuff
through the day
hope you guys enjoyed watching that and
that is Molly got me we're heading back
to LA now so go back to LA blog and I
will see you guys again good bye
