hey guys it's a new day today and you
guys
I've already been the drinks video that
went up yesterday they want to do with
Meghan the between the sheets one yeah
you guys are loving it apparently from
what I'm reading in comments and the
viewership and stuff is doing really
well so I'm really happy about that you
guys are awesome for supporting that and
for for showing it some love because I
would love to build that channel up I
kind of was away from it for a long time
now we're back back in action gonna do
more with it so I'm happy to see that um
it has a chance again but we're gonna
start our day we're gonna have a good
day
not sure what we're gonna do just like
any other day but would be a good one I
was doing pretty well with I mean I
still go to the gym fighters week but if
I want if I want to really get in better
shape
it's gym is like probably 20% or
something or you know whatever 80
percent of that of actually like losing
but like that chunky fat on you is good
diet and you know what mine's pretty
shitty not that I can't have stuff I
want like every so often that's totally
fine I actually work out because I love
to eat so much so it kind of balances it
out a little bit but I'm trying a little
better I found this I think it was like
my sister's my sister's a trainer sheets
pretty healthy but I thought it's just
frozen thing but it's just chicken
fajitas only like 130 calories whatever
I don't know if it'll be good but I
think it's better than what I went if
eclis so I'm gonna give it a shot
it actually smells pretty good the only
problem I have with it this is going to
sound ridiculous because they're going
to be like the why you eating it the
only way I ever like peppers
I do not like cook peppers but it was
the healthy option I have right now I
don't feel like
going out at the moment so I'm going to
eat it I'm gonna eat it and I'm gonna
like it
it actually doesn't look half bad let's
see oh this tastes like it's hot it
actually it's actually I'm really good
not even saying like oh it's good but
it's healthy that's really good I
definitely not only are you guys who you
know showing that drinks video so much
love but I love the suggestions that you
guys are giving that's what here's the
thing here's where I went wrong last
time with the drinks Channel and why it
kind of just between you guys and I it
kind of like in my mind it just it
became OneNote and Harvey was bumping
into my legs almost knocked me over but
one thing that you guys just suggested
or starting to suggest that I love and
you guys are now like on the same
wavelength that I'm starting to to
realize as well is it's not only about
the drinks yes you can make the drinks
yes the drinks are great but it's also I
think mostly about the show you know if
you watch another bartending channel
like tipsy bartender who I'm actually a
fan of I love this stuff because I love
to bartend his is predominantly yes he
has the girls and stuff like that but
it's very drink heavy and I I don't need
to go that direction he's taken over
that he's killed and he's taught bartend
channel on YouTube but what I want to do
is I want to go and take he's more
tender I want to still be an entertainer
that's what I like to do I like to
entertain you guys I like it to be you
know funny or cool or whatever you know
and be able to show you guys drinks the
same time so some of you like do them
down at the beach do them here do them
on like you guys are now picking
different settings and that's what I
love and if you guys have ideas for
funny things or for cool things or you
know just just awesome things weird ways
to like things on fire and stuff like
that let's just do it let's have a good
time let's have fun with this channel
let's make it let's make it something
that people could watch any age whether
you drink with you don't
it's just a fun thing to watch so I
think I think that the we can have a lot
of fun with this I'm driving right now
to go actually meet mr. Roman Romans in
town I think only for tonight though so
we're just he hit me up actually on
Friday and was like hey I'll be in town
just for a little bit
on Monday I'd love to see him for dinner
so I'm going over to meet him for dinner
I think he's with a Kevin and repotted
Thank You Jimmy us but yeah so I'm gonna
go meet up with him grab some dinner and
be good to see him haven't seen him in a
little bit and then no we'll see what
we'll see what happens from there
what did a half hello hello oh you got a
little fuzzy I do have a fuzzy it's like
it but it's this is your drink hello are
you good used to be feasting
like with idea here
we liquidated
ha
wait we never we never got one for me
that me Prabhat sensible way before I
ever ordered the Roman you did agree oh
he has enough three I got you another
thank you yeah me over here oh thank you
oh thank you it's a frozen California
which is actually Brazilian drink baby
this child so much the sugarcane before
and a rum and kinda like a mojito has
the lineup and it doesn't have miniature
so that's what uh what a pepperoni is
and any for liquid nitrogen
and the place to go the smaller we got
chicken wings
you'll ever the game
cops expect like I'm sorry but I was
disappointed until you try that oh I
know oh my god that is that's ridiculous
beautiful girls got some beef tartare
which is like Ravi
mrs. Syed oh don't get crap with Jesus
that's how you Big Daddy
I just took Kevin's joke right out of
his mouth literally here I'll put it
right back in your magic door
is it good though yeah see let's see
let's see
it's hard for me to grab this week last
year hot Roxy this might be like my
favorite thing they have there's no
if you look close enough you can see the
Philly cheesesteak okay I'm just gonna
eat it yes I just remembered how I went
on this whole spiel earlier today that I
was gonna try to eat healthy I don't
stick to things very long as you guys
know I just enjoy myself I got you a
coke it's not focused it was oh hold on
there oh there we go
that works it was focused on Brittany's
face it's because it's actually for
Britt oh that was for me
the neighbors are getting mad I'm not
right okay let's do this do it ready
yeah everybody in the shower no noise
turn the damn camera off captions off
I'm not gonna show you what's going on
that's over here but I was just on that
side of the camera it's hot it's nice
and you should see what's going on on
the other side of the camera with you I
see one what do you makes happens to no
one
by the way yeah the first time I've ever
seen you with your hair like this my
hair down here look I'll do like any
bullet is your tall oh yeah that's not
right and I got a question for your
viewers what do you guys think Alex
looks more like a serial killer
or a pedophile tell us in the comments
below for all of the ever but just wait
that's what you want it's recording now
oh wait I just want to know
Oh what is happening footballs I bad
decision why are you naked what you
don't even have shorts on guys this
isn't about me okay this is about the
fact that I grabbed Alex's vlog camera
and I videotape you two doing god knows
what
just imagine that's what you call on
camera yeah no these Alex please - for
the past like 20 minutes
they were dude I can't even talk about
what they were doing don't tell them
don't do is that hot I mean we're just
we're just joking around guys having fun
yeah well kicked out of this my
girlfriend in the other room his
girlfriends of the it was cool
my girlfriend's high your girl your
girlfriend's in Canada well
that was that feel okay about okay I
don't want I have money and wet
underwear like you ever do when I leave
my place
anyways waiting for valet it's time for
me to go home
just got back to my place and I gotta
say that was that was a pretty weird
experience usually that would be
something that's like really wheat like
still weird after like a bunch of drinks
and it just makes it even weirder that I
didn't even finish my one drink and
neither did he
that was like super weird sober time
that one of those like you wish you were
kind of drunk so that you wouldn't
remember it but it already happened and
then I'm putting it on here so the world
can see I still have the opportunity to
edit it out and I'm choosing not to you
know you just got to live with with what
you decide to do I guess the missions
gonna live online forever okay well
anyway that's all I got for you for
today I'm gonna get ready for bed head
to bed got the gym in the morning gonna
get back on track with stuff I thought
tonight was going to be just like a
quick thing with dinner with them and
then they were leaving but he's actually
he's got to film some stuff tomorrow and
later on tomorrow night he said he may
have time to come and shoot a drink for
the drink channel so maybe I'll get him
on again to do that
which would be really cool hopefully we
can get him on for another drink and if
he has time then yeah so that's all I
got for you for today and on that note I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye we're actually in the middle of
the drink video right now this is Megan
and she is first the first drink to you
did you serve it yeah I'm holding the
drink right here the mysterious drink
and because how you see the video it
starts off in the kitchen it ends up
somewhere else and you'll see you'll see
there's a lot of passion in this one
right here is yeah
