hey guys it's a new day today look who's
back over here Brandon Myers what oh is
that because you slept over is that the
joke that you made right now that's no
cuz you golf chair really weird on the
blog anyway you guys would have made
that joke anyway if I didn't say
Harvey's having a good day Harvey you
have a good day you were a good day
we're gonna go get some stuff for make
another drink I got a lady friend coming
over who's going to be doing a drink
she's never done one with me before I've
actually never done any videos I've
heard before but she lives pretty close
she was down the street so see how it
goes i think this one should be a fun
one we're actually in the middle of the
drink video right now this is Megan and
she the first the first drink to you did
you serve it yeah I'm willing to drink
right here the mysterious drink and
because how do you see the video it
starts off in the kitchen it ends up
somewhere else and you'll see you'll see
there's a lot of passion in this one
right here is yeah hey Brandon how was
that this was this the set for right
here what will be shot make sure you go
check out that drink video
I like what I do we just finished all
the shooting for it what you think it
was good right it was good I I'm excited
for you guys to see the video actually I
think it turned out great better than I
actually expect now that I didn't expect
it to be great but it was greater than
great it was better than I expected it
to be it's a lot of fun what do you
think Brandon oh this is a good one you
guys really enjoyed this video I think I
think so too we're getting some food now
worked up an appetite we're at Benihana
yeah if you hungry I'm sewing because
you don't feed me when would work hey
I'm covering this are you hungry so
we're going to enjoy them some dinner
now
not sure what's going on I already
edited videos look look
these are called chopsticks using me for
food instead of a fork it's really cool
try it out
yeah we actually already ended the video
that's it turned out great makes you go
check it out i'll put the link down the
description is a check it out however
you can't go in there Harvey already
everybody wha wait not I find a new wife
stooping at my face no donut I didn't do
I don't see he's a hit he doesn't want
listen to you high five high five he
does one half of you I fine here's one
have fun you do my toy too many times
yeah now you're gonna reopen it he's
gonna walk back in Harvey Harvey come
here boy one ok alright bro ok now you
gotta leave right there you leave wait
really place board games oh it's closing
again just oh my god put my hand in
there however you will stay here this
time Jenga you're not going to one
you're not going to one the hard life
monopoly Jenkins not a board game okay
guys well Megan just left to now I just
walked her down in her car and see ya I
getting pretty late I'm excited to get
these videos up so make sure you go
check out that drinks video it's
definitely worth watching excited about
this one I think it's great yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed watching today and
they'll be definitely more to come so
lab note i'll see you guys again
tomorrow good look who's here yeah yeah
nope if I good at it take a cup word Oh
there you go there you go jeez fight
with my shoe okay yay you're getting it
do you not a stop Oh amazing you're so
good
