hey guys it's a new day today and I just
wrapped up yesterday's blog which was
kind of a Q&A if you guys saw it and I
literally wrapped it up like a couple
seconds ago so starting on a new day
Brandon's coming over today and we're
gonna do some drink stuff a little later
on I don't know what I'm doing before
that but for right now I'm just kind of
hanging out doing my thing on a Saturday
Sunday for you yet or whatever day it is
I don't know your time zone but anyway
we're gonna have a good day so let's get
started I just got my package in with
the final stuff i need the audio
equipment to make my audio sound good
using my DSLR my 7th ed that for the
drink stuff and i got all the stuff here
it's kind of a mess right now i have my
two receivers on here my age my zoom h4n
i have the 3.5 millimeter going from
with the splitter here the splitter
makes it so i can listen and headphones
as well as just connect it straight into
the camera here the problem i ran into
is these receivers with the XLR inputs
are is a balanced input now I'm not an
audio guy so all the stuff I just
learned from doing research but when you
try to plug one of these into here you
can the problem is is it already tries
to amplify and then amplify more inside
of it so it creates as fuzzy craziness
so I learned you needed an inline
attenuator so I got these sure inline
attenuators which then see then I could
take this
connect that into here then I take this
whole set up and put it into there I
can't do it with one hand I'm trying try
anyway there goes in there it looks like
a super long setup thing it actually it
cuts the audio down by negative 50
decibels so whereas you would have a
game but like knob to turn the gain up
this would kind of be like a loss you
put it down from positive to a negative
and it makes it so that I could use my
law of mics and be able to set them up
and get clear audio so hopefully the
ideals great you guys don't really care
too much about this but for those that
do i figured i would share to show you
that i'm trying to get this all set up
for you guys but uh yeah i'm sure it
will turn out great look who's here yeah
nope isn't good at it take a couple more
oh there you go there you go geez fight
with my shoe okay
yay you getting it do you not a stop Oh
amazing you're so good at it I'll show
you how to do it
ready here i'm going to go full speed go
all the way down there and i'll come to
you
see that's how you do it up oh you're
sure i will show off maxnosleeves coming
up right now we're gonna film the drink
with him and we have a we have a good
one lined up for him I think it'll be
pretty cool pretty fun hello yeah try to
ignore him so he won't have sex with you
yeah everybody has sex with him all the
time you know this is what it is keep
pushing keep pushing oh he gave up I'm
not going to tell you what drink we just
made because you'll see it in the drink
video but Brandon's gonna try one you
will you'll see because he was filming
it so he didn't get to try it go for it
light it light it baby I also didn't
taste the fire much did you taste
anything yeah you don't chase fire Oh
light it down no it's not it's out no
it's not I see oh it's a child safety
lock you idiot there you go jump fire
it's lit drop it in whoa and chug chug
chug you're spilling get him the napkin
chug it all love you so close so close
how's that wait to see the drink if this
drink makes you burp like crazy like 10
birds coming out you see now you're
burping over and over again it's the
same thing like I feel like I'm on
and Willy Wonka movie with me what do
you think that was okay right yeah I
thought it was gonna be a lot worse
through your reactions but it wasn't
that bad I definitely still taste 151 oh
definitely we just uber it over to
jake's place he's having a party at his
place cuz they gotta remodel it goes ok
twice come on mr. Jake Jake oh yeah
they're doing a pinata so you can't move
it
the games begin time for some chinga
chinga chinga chinga go for it alice is
like no laceration hit the parked arrow
hey let them don't worry buddy you got
it
I
ok
loser thank you fuck you too Brandon
just left I'm just getting back to my
boys whoa it's bright in here that'll be
turns down all right yeah it was set
super bright so we could film the drink
stuff I forgot how bright it was okay
and yeah so we're just we're done we're
done I'm done right however I'm done I'm
done boy yeah I'm gonna start getting
ready for bed okay guys well that's all
I got for you I am waking up the next
morning good to start we actually
shooting another drink video today with
our female friend not with a male
friends but you looking forward to
Harvey hey Harvey I'm back here comes to
hide come say hi coo coo or
morning good morning ah ah ah yeah yeah
so anyway it's all I got for you so I
will see you guys again soon good luck
the ghetto girls 21 asks what you ever
date a fan what I ever need a fan yeah
why not if the fan was really cool I
don't I don't I'm not fan discriminant I
don't discriminate against fans help I
used to be streamed live on a service
called stickam which is kind of like you
now and there was a girl used to watch
me and we went up there and week we kind
of like I don't you want to call it
dated or did whatever I don't know but
yeah I have no wrong with that
