hey guys how's it going it's a new day
today and it's actually pretty late in
the day I'm not gonna lie I had it with
did nasty hangover for the first part of
the day I don't drink too much anymore
so like when I've been the last couple
of times i've drank I'm like oh my god
this hangover is nuts so spent a good
amount getting out of bed then like
laying back down the tragic water have
an advil drinking coffee doing whatever
I possibly can to get rid of it now I'm
feeling okay me and Harvey you're
hanging out just watching some TV and be
I'm not sure what's going on but I we
will have a good rest of the day now
that I feel okay I decided to try
something really weird and I didn't
think it would work at all but i want to
show you i brought this here i figured i
would try it on camera I have my monster
wheel now in San the monster wheel you
know how it works you get on right
around it whatever blah blah get off
then I have an office chair if you just
sit in an office chair and you put your
feet on here it won't really do anything
yet to put weight but i wonder if I
brought it really close if I brought it
close and I put more weight on it like i
SAT towards the end of this chair let's
see if I can just get to turn on like
that yeah
and it's like a seated monster real do
backwards
and just making so much fun but look at
who I'm at dinner with it's been a
little bit yes little bit of always
welcome busy but now now that we have a
free night before she goes to work
inside to get dinner of course we get
sushi like we always do see if well it's
bright there we go lobster roll hamachi
seared salmon white truffle oil sheet of
heparin
we also got the rice because Chinese
into this oh yeah thank you spicy tuna
on crispy rice we're just going hard to
Lana no the weeding order hi I woke up
this morning totally realizing that I
don't I don't have a full blog I mean
it's I it's been short so far so I
figured I'd go on Twitter and ask you
guys for some questions we'll do another
Q&A why not q and A's are fun right but
I'm not going to get up and set up my
camera and everything that I figured I'm
gonna do it while I go about my day
while I start my day so let's let the
questions roll in and i will answer them
while i'm getting ready and doing my
thing the ghetto girl 21 asks would you
ever date a fan what I ever need a fan
yeah why not the food was really cool I
don't I don't I'm not fan discriminant I
don't discriminate against fans help I
used to be streamed live on a service
called stickam which is kind of like you
now and there was a girl east to watch
me and we went up there and we kind of
like I don't you want to call it David
or did whatever I don't know but yeah I
have no wrong with that the YouTube max
asked when do you plan on relaunching
the drinks channel and what new ideas do
you have for well I already kind of
relaunched it with the mile-high
cocktails video but Brandon's actually
coming over today we're going to shoot
some more some new ideas I have for it
is I don't necessarily need a set I
could do it wherever I want I can do
whatever type I drink I want and I don't
necessarily need a schedule whenever I
have a drink I want to upload so i can
upload a ton or a few
Mike Gardner has will you ever come to
Texas boob or ass man have you ever
hooked up with meghan tonjes who's your
favorite Star Wars character I'm pretty
sure you just ask four questions and
well I've already been to Texas I plan
on going back we'll go back soon I am an
ass man I have hooked I've had sex with
Megan todgers but only in my dream never
in person so that's weird and then
because now I said that publicly and
then I've actually never seen Star Wars
rude box 41 wants to know what the
weirdest incident I had with brandon is
well one time in an alleyway in miami
florida two large black hookers tried to
pick up brandon I and wanted to make the
have their way with us and then we would
pay for sex and in order to get out of
that because I was too nice to just be
like please go away so Brandon ended up
just acting like we were a nice gay
couple and they were like oh I didn't
even realize I'm so sorry your brands
like this is Alex yeah and they they
were like oh you guys are so cute and
then they left us alone that was really
weird then we ended with a with a high
five let's go pee little better come on
come on
m.dogg 42 wants to know how much wood
could a woodchuck chuck for wicked how
much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood there you go
you already got me that was an easy one
well would try a woodchuck
scientifically known as a hormone of own
ax or whistle pig or a land beaver or
most commonly known as a groundhog
doesn't chuck wood so none
alexia missed wants to know are you on
tinder yes I am but I only been on one
tinder date in the middle of the tinder
date she asked me if I was autistic I
think it went well super dark link asked
if you could be a duck or goose who
would you choose well we're playing game
of duck duck goose I probably pick a
duck because then I could sit and enjoy
my oatmeal because if I was a goose I
don't have to run around and not enjoy
it and as well as my orange juice Chris
Salgado asked when was the last time you
were in a relationship well the last
time I was actually in like a
full-fledged relationship was about nine
years ago and the only reason I stayed
single so long is hopefully that one day
they'll come with the contest of who
could be single the longest and I know
that I would win yeah and that concludes
the the QA for today I think that that
was that was good what do you guys think
of it if you didn't get your questions
answered it's because I didn't get it
fast enough for I didn't like the
question people who say there's no
stupid questions there are and you guys
asked some of them were stupid not the
ones i answered i like those but on that
note i'm going to start my day Brandon's
coming over later we're going to shoot
some drink video stuff so get ready for
that and on that note I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye
