hey guys it's a new day today and I just
got back from the gym not too long ago
putting up my blog that you guys already
saw yesterday and my sister and I Riley
and I are heading to go to my favorite
place to get lunch we're going to korean
BBQ where else right yeah sooo excited
eat I love this we just finished and
we're on our way back in every time we
eat there it's like a food coma and then
you it's like a ticking time bomb before
you shih tzu poodle or cockapoo
we were just saying a mix between like a
bulldog and a poodle would be like a
bull or a bull shit we should make it
with a sheva breed called a bull shit
bull dog in the poodle or full don't
give a shit suit that's a bullshit what
am I talking about poo let's stop oh poo
bulldog and a shih tzu bullshit that
works anyway we're on the way home now
that I'm back I just took a little nap
that rhymed I would i took italia a
little nap and then I took a shower and
cleaned up and trimmed up a beard and
the coolest thing though here's the cool
thing is you guys remember how my
goprobe broke a few blogs back in Hawaii
what do you what do you jumping around
for bud ok so my GoPro broke if you've
logs back and I thought I'd lost all the
footage well I've been trying to work on
getting some footage back and I was able
to retrieve three clips off the GoPro
from this normal one was just me going
in the water the other one was I got the
sea turtle I got the sea turtle and the
other one was just like of some scuba
divers and a little bit fish I didn't
get any of the awesome reef at all so we
don't have any reef shots which was the
best my heart but I figured I'd show you
what i did get so you guys can still
enjoy the sea turtle and stuff like that
and still it's still cool it's still
awesome I'm still happy I got it so
check this out here's what I was able to
retrieve here we go
you
it wasn't super amazing but I still
think it's pretty awesome and you can't
tell me that's not really cool to see
still and how often you get to see that
I mean that if you search them on
YouTube but just on my videos how often
do you get to see good but it is still
really cool and I'm happy I was able to
retrieve at least some footage I've been
trying to find a way to incorporate this
into this vlog and I figured the best
way to incorporate is just to tell you
guys straight up and now you're probably
wondering what I'm talking about um so a
way that a lot of youtubers make money
is once you have a channel it's growing
bigger and everything that companies
will come to you and ask you to promote
their product or service and to be
completely honest I've gotten a number
of those and I've turned them down
because I just don't support the product
I don't use the product i don't i'm not
going to endorse it and tell you guys to
use it if I wouldn't even use it myself
but a company contacted me called
opinion outpost and I know you've heard
a lot of other youtubers talk about it
but have they actually used it I don't
know maybe all I know is I have because
I was always the kid that was like
searching on Google how'd it make money
mullah I know a lot of you guys think I
make money for my parents but I'm 25
years old I don't number the last time
they pay for something I've always been
that schema growing up schemer
entrepreneur whatever you want to call
it I was selling jolly ranchers in
elementary school but one of the things
I felt I was like okay I'll give this
site a shot Opinion Outpost because why
not this actually wasn't that long ago
is actually pretty much in the beginning
of me even doing YouTube I was still I
was already doing YouTube when I tried
it maybe it was cuz i saw another
youtuber talk about i don't know but i
did that my friend Katie who you've seen
in my vlogs from Fresno I told her about
it because she wasn't making too much
money at her job and she want another
income source I started doing it and the
craziest thing is you actually do make
money I was like okay so why aren't why
isn't there a ton of people using this
then if you can actually go on just
spend time answering questions and make
money why not so I don't know I told
them hey I'd be happy to talk about this
because I know that it works I've used
it
supported it so I figured I'd pass on
the message to you guys I'll put their
link in the description below so you
guys can try to and hey maybe you'll
make some money I'm really excited right
now because my sister came up and said I
got a package look at what I got I got
over covers you're probably wondering
what these are there the fuzzies that's
my windscreen for the wind on my camera
so now we can go outside that have to
worry about cupping the screen so that
we're good I'm going to put it on right
now because I'm gonna go meet Jake and
Luke for dinner and then we're going out
to the pier so it'll be a good test all
right hi here with Jake just getting to
the this is one of the twilight concert
they have these concerts down at santa
monica pier for free every thursday
night during the summer i don't know
what tonight theme is with their
teachers it's just easier that's the
theme I think save like recognized him
indie rock night they've all the
different things excise djs
yeah it's packed yeah
oh yeah put it in your mouth
yeah we're going into bar but they don't
have you can't wear hats to the bar so
you what do you do with the hat yeah
don't drop it and it is there a bunch of
hats up there yeah there is ok so we
don't have any and you have to wear
shirts of max PK good it's a proud
perfect we're going in now now we're
ready if you ever out here on Main
Street a really good truck to check out
his dog town dogs love town dogs they
have like really good hot dogs you can
get California dog which is like with
tomatoes crispy onions everything Leila
stuff
that trailer-trash all be fed property
of chili
they're so good they're so good max just
got the California da you got to check
this house and a tater tots on at 80 *
way I got it oh oh yeah oh yeah that's
why that's my junk Halloween ax he's
gonna rina we
Oh
lame darts
see
you
Thanks somehow comes up in 20 I got I
really don't like the slowest take it
off your shirt it means business here we
go max I'll be a cheerleader don't worry
great go go go go hey
come on yo you can do it without up
perfect you got it
you
Harvey don't bother
someone's got it everyone left now and I
got a package so open up the package and
it turned out to be my new camera
backpack supposed to it's actually the
same one Dennis Roady uses he
recommended it to me Holt's laptop all
the computer stuff everything so I've
got that and for all my equipment that
way I could take my cameras and stuff to
playlist live and wherever I need to go
to bring my equipment so that I could
shoot videos or else I'm just like
stuffing it into my normal backpack and
that's no good cuz I'll break my stuff
but I haven't drinkin I need to go to
sleep I need to start a new day tomorrow
start fresh so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching today that's all I got for you
and on that note I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
once I hi to them hey excuse me sir
excuse me sir hey turn and say hi fine
