hey guys it's a new day today
and I'm heading right now to the gym get
back on my normal schedule and after the
gym I am more than excited to pick up my
little boy pick up Harvey I get to pick
a party right after the gym so I'm
excited for that and then we'll get
started with our day I have myself a
good day yeah look who's back my buddy
I'm so happy to see you I'm so happy
you're back yeah yeah I'm gonna take him
home now
have some playtime yeah so happy back
hey hey hey
I'm just hanging out on the roof
with my best bud mr. Harvey we were just
chilling we're just hanging right right
right oh yeah you like that
whatsit hi to them hey excuse me sir
excuse me sir
hey turn and say hi
fine I just got to Venice with my sister
we're picking up some of CAM her
boyfriends favorite hot sauce cuz yes
sir if she could he loves hot sauce - do
i there's a really good sauce called
awesome sauce here - place I'll show you
but we're in Venice
good stuff are you hungry birdie
they have awesomesauce at the tables
it's all it's pretty much out whatever
you got a Greek salad that kebab teach
again good stuff I never said it to you
guys but for the last two weeks my neck
has been like so sore like just to go
like side to side or to turn back and
forth totally fine so I just went got a
massage today sorry I'm spinning I'm
also on my wheel evening I went and got
a massage and she helped so much but
down like I showered and I'm still kind
of covered in massage oil and it's kind
of like like I just like had an attack
with a with personal lubricant like a
crazy masturbation explosion experiment
I also just ordered food and it's almost
here I ordered Chipotle's for dinner to
eat alone
so yeah look who's here
good afternoon good afternoon boy wait
wait what is it after midnight he came
here because we were getting set up for
more drink stuff and if you ever watch
the older drink stuff the coloring was
weird that's because I have to try to
correct any color possible because I was
using my son-in camcorder which just
wasn't good with natural indoor light
and colors and everything so I have my
70d now that I can do I can give it more
of a DSLR look the only problem is is
that I want to use my wireless love's
and I want to use both of them in case I
have a guest so I'm gonna use that one
and that one but it only has one input
and it's not an XLR input which is fine
but I ended up I'm doing this makeshift
like I got my h4n here figured if I can
do to the receivers into the h4 and take
the levels then I can get a 3.5
millimeter splitter one going to
headphones the other going straight to a
3.5 male-to-male adapter into the camera
then I'd be able to get both the audio
feeds into the camera as well as being
able to monitor audio because you can't
monitor audio on this DSLR so for what
well some of them were interested in how
you can do this kind of stuff I'm trying
to figure out the problem is is it's a
little bit staticky and fuzzy and that's
because I'm using the XLR inputs which
try to get a preamp power out of the h4m
and it's too much and then it tries to
amplify it even more so it creates as
fuzziness I'm gonna have to get two XLR
female two quarter-inch adapters to go
into anyway sorry screw this the tech
tech top but I need to make sure this I
can get this all working we want to make
sure that we can shoot these videos get
the audio great get the picture great
everything's got a great I want you guys
to enjoy and I put work into it
Brandon is he just had he just left and
we just had a very funny moment because
Harvey decided to play right where I was
using my monster wheel this thing here
and he put his paw in front of it and I
tried to avoid it I don't know what
happened but somehow it like threw me
backwards I've never followed that I've
usually expelled off of it I literally
fell flat onto my back not even hands
down just flat until I alper back I had
a bad neck and everything there's no way
that that helped that probably just made
it so much worse and I was just getting
a things today damn it
at least Brandon got a good lap so did I
but it was pretty painful
you didn't care at all you were just
like oh just one boy who's one blue well
you know what buddy I'm gonna end the
vlog here because of that okay
okay he just stared oh you guys that's
all I have for you for today I
definitely have to go lay down and make
sure I didn't hurt myself too bad so on
that note I'll see you guys again soon
goodbye now it's funny cuz how often you
go on a plane where you know the pilot
Michael how's it going how you doing
good I actually have never seen it
cockpit in a commercial it's believe it
or not this is 30-year old technology
and the newer airplanes he's going out
actually this month so the brand new 787
this is basically a great airplane
