hey guys it's a new day today and it's
the last day by last day I mean not even
a full day we're just going to go to
breakfast and then we're heading back to
LA we're going to airport flight home so
I gotta say goodbye to this view let's
see this view one more time I'll oculus
boom
yeah that's what I gotta say goodbye to
well I am looking forward to going home
though vacation is great and nothing
beats home so getting ready and gonna
head out just got to the airport taking
out all the bags here Abby's not having
a baby there's like chickens walking
around they said that since they've had
a problem with chickens escaping and
they just wander around so apparently
there's there's chicken from the airport
I hope that we see something we're
loading up ready to go ready to go home
yeah yeah it's been fun twice been fun
but it's a certain point you just got to
go home
she wants on mama that's where I clean
now and it's funny cuz how often you go
on a plane where you know the pilot
Michael how's it going are you doing
good i actually have never seen a cock
pic in the commercial it's believe it or
not this is 30 year old technology and
the newer airplanes he's going to that
actually this month saw the brand new
787 this is basically a great airplane
oh the cool thing is is you guys have
seen in past blogs that we have flown
private and a lot of you asked is that
your own personal jet it is not they are
chartered when we take them obviously
plant a commercial might not but there
are times we do charter a flight and
that pellet that I was just trying to
choose what he was the one that always
flew up when we fly private before and
he goes it back and forth between
commercial flying and private chartering
so that's really cool to have he was one
of the pilots in my dad really trust
obviously we're in good hands bye bye
Abby and Jackie doing this that's a good
title for the blog drowsy my mom my dad
also back home now home sweet home and
I'm really Lily you hungry so I call
Jake and Lou and we're gonna go to end
now because I would like submit it out
please I'm back in California and I I
feel like I deserve some for no reason
so we're going out and get my grub on hi
and this my oh there we go
some way back to the Glee on foods late
there's actually what time zone I have
11 2011
sup 820 for me because I got onto a
lifetime
a late dinner for me but super he's wife
mad okay guys probably should be going
to bed on a full stomach but hey I'm
happy and that's all it matters so back
home back onto regular normal schedule
la blogs got the gym in the morning
gotta get back on my my stuff and pick
it up Harvey that's what I'm really
excited that's like like the thing I'm
the most excited about tomorrow was
picking up Harvey I cannot wait to see
my little boy but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog just a travel day
vlog of coming home so that's all I got
for you and on that note I will see you
guys again soon goodbye you know you're
drinking it happens so was that just I
feel with you Bobby a door just slammed
well I'm the good do you drinking it's
the last night here in a white and we're
going home tomorrow I hope you guys
enjoyed the vacation this is the
culmination of it
