hey guys it's a new day today oh look
who's coming in having everyone and
we're gonna go over to Black Rock Zoo to
go to super cool snorkeling like I said
I was gonna yesterday we were in our old
tent that we were in for the first few
days and yes I'm looking forward to
snorkeling and we'll have our self
another good day in Hawaii we just got
back from snorkeling and I'm so pissed
right now I'm really unhappy because
when you buy a GoPro and it's waterproof
you expect it to be waterproof and it is
it has been in the pool we went to
snorkeling yesterday it's been great
finally we go down to Black Rock which
let me tell you what's amazing I even
got a close-up of a sea turtle we went
into the reef checking out all this
awesome fish and you guys won't be able
to see any of it why because for some
reason this GoPro is not okay it has
this little door on the side that when
you click click it it's supposed to seal
and if you open it it has like this is
like a little rubber piece here so that
it seals out any water from going in
halfway through snorkeling I turn on the
camera while I'm underwater and it just
won't turn on at all I checked that side
door it's sealed everything sealed
everything's good just won't turn on at
all and I had logged on that camera on
the way out there too so I didn't use
this one and now all of the footage is
lost when I pulled out the little micro
sd it was wet so I don't even know what
to do that was like my day we spent all
day snorkeling there vlogging on that
camera what am I supposed to do this is
like I mean I guess life is life right I
can't be pissed it already happened why
am I going to be pissed about something
that I can't change so we'll move on
from here and still have ourself a great
day
I gave you guys a maroon shirt
this out leave this blue blue yeah I
mean we're on vacation right so we could
wear colors back at home we don't wear
colors we wear black that's it
but we're on vacation so why not right
what do you guys guess look at this blue
I have some bad news and some good news
usually people say good news and bad
news but I figured I'd put the bad news
first change it up a little bit bad news
is I try to salvage any footage off the
card for the GoPro I tried to even plug
in my GoPro even though there's water in
it so I almost died on your behalf and
then that didn't work so there's no way
to get the footage off the card is dead
- I tried that so there's nothing that
good news I tweeted GoPro and said like
I love GoPros but what's the point if
they're just gonna die while you're
stuck like I'm not like I'm diving super
deep and they actually tweeted me back
right away said that they would take
care of it and they're sending me a new
one so thank you GoPro some you know
things break it happens but it makes a
makes it all better when the companies
realizing the prom and they'll send you
anyone so we're gonna get a new one
but we don't get that footage what are
you doing entertaining okay
we decided to order some drinks to the
room along of this look at this he's got
tequila and I got myself ma dress and
there's a menu there's a menu we also
ordered a menus that we can order more
group service because we want food to
the roof it's it's our last day here
we're drinking we're having a good time
if you guys watched my
mile-high drinks video you'll know that
a ma dress is vodka or new shoes and
grammar ages it's really good it's
actually is a really good simple drink
so we're drinking right now and then
we're gonna go order some food food just
came got a chicken sandwich and an arm
in some corn tie corn soup whatever corn
soup in there
two more ma dresses mud dry and then he
got a burger and you got wings sue right
where's your wings quesadilla leet we
did well we did very very own hands
yeah over your class 2015 dad tonight
wow it's a good night are you Andy okay
guys what I find it and she got it on
her show on her blog I'm so mad guys
because today's vlog was gonna be great
it was gonna be like pretty long I got a
lot of footage initially of the GoPro
before it broke so I apologize about
that I hope you guys understand I you
know good drinking it happens so
was that disability give a be the door
just slammed well I'm the good do you
drinking it's the last night here in
Hawaii and we're going home tomorrow I
hope you guys enjoyed the vacation this
is the culmination of it vacation the
culmination of the vacation and on that
note I will see you guys again soon good
