hey guys it's a new day today and
walking over to my family so we could go
get our breakfast we get breakfast every
day this time I remember to bring my
GoPro down the first time I got out so
i'll have to keep going back up and
getting it every time i'm going to go in
the pool or today we're gonna go
snorkeling it took me three days to
realize on the third date realize I
should bring it down but i'm walking
over to them right now and then we're
going to head out to breakfast we're a
different cabana hut tent thing today so
where we are today
and we have a hammock over there I'll
show you guys later because right now my
dad is rocking with Abby to put her to
sleep scarcely we just went picked up
some snorkel stuff snorkel gear and some
fins we got the fins over here we're
gonna go snork what and we're going to
go snorkeling today I think we're going
to do it around here tomorrow I think we
may be going snorkeling down all the way
down down by blackrock which is like a
really cool snorkel spot so we'll check
it out see ya we'll see what we got
around here we are oh it's windy okay
we're out here ready to go you to put on
snorkel here I'm not going to wear this
hat of course and we're gonna just try
and see how it is right here because
there's people snorkeling out there but
we'll see how good it is if it's not
that great to a move if not then we'll
just go to the other two black rock like
tomorrow or something I don't know
anyway I'm just excited that we're going
snorkeling uh yeah buddy let go
you
and we're done that was great that was
great we just finished snorkeling over
here I hope you guys enjoyed that as you
can see there's not much quarrel over
here from a lot of people standing on it
by the resorts and every like that so it
was cool for what we saw I still loved I
thought it was great but we're
definitely gonna go to blackrock
tomorrow see all the colorful colorful
coral and the great fish and everything
this was still super awesome so I hope
you enjoyed it but we're definitely
doing that tomorrow are the Ducks coming
in are they coming in the room boy
they're coming in the room right bye-bye
ducks I'm back up in my room now about
to take a shower and for now I'm loading
in all of the GoPro footage onto iPad
it's all loading in which is cool that
it has the Wi-Fi feature that they have
so that you don't need to plug it in
because as I don't have I didn't I
didn't bring my adapter for my microsd
which is what the GoPro take so I have
to just do it over Wi-Fi which is fine
takes a little longer but it's cool that
allows you to do that so just
transferring all that and hopefully
turns out ok which if you guys already
saw it so it did turn out ok I guess hey
buddy come here let's go
a lot of actions on a cockroach consult
you poop how do we get around I'm trying
to I don't want to step on anything
where's the bootloader i'll let you out
guys hey come here QA ducks look there
you do this weathers I'm a herd them
heard them gosh it's quite pastures
there you go goodbye I decided to take a
journey see the flamingos on periscope
one we're periscoping now you can't
really see it can't focus or flip it
back we want to see there's a swan
guarding you want golf lon it's guarding
can we go see the flamingos please
thanks bud thanks Ron
yeah you can't cross this with Abby
going to journey to see the flamingos
I'm not really supposed to be here watch
out you're stepping in all the water
here they are we found them the final
mingos we found flamingos and we're not
supposed to be near
but those are flamingos journey fleet we
decided to go the steakhouse tonight
unfortunately they know which I guess is
a good thing for feeding you shouldn't
wear have table and I just a very rude
person that's good idea but uh they're
giving us some appetizers to the shrimp
some escargot I've actually below as
well go all the way to music and it's
like a lake term
you
well I think we're just going to take it
easy wind it down take it down low too
slow ha I don't know what that's what
happens at I prematurely push record and
realize what the hell invited
prematurely recorded not prematurely
anything else I'm not gonna start over
I'm gonna take it I'm gonna own it i'm
gonna live it it's real it's now and
it's happened and I there's nothing I
could do about it except edited out
there yeah ok anyway I guess maybe we
could say with secret sister their
secret sister yeah secret sister she's
not so good anymore I wrote a secret
well anyways guys I hope you enjoyed
watching today's vlog and I am we can
have a new fun day tomorrow oi watching
something on TV anyway I on that note I
will see you guys again soon goodbye I
wasn't gonna say this on the blog but I
I got it cuz you guys may get a kick out
of it and I don't know my dad completely
completely completely embarrassed me
today we went up periscope and it's been
a common trend for my dad
