what I do think I forgot what I said hey
guys is it new day today look at look at
your shirt I love my uncle
cuz he's cool yeah buddy successful hot
generous you have another uncle
oh yeah so if you want you just need to
ask her so let you know and then you
should let you know in a little bit
he's talking to it they hi birdie
I'm heading downstairs now and just
picked up my GoPro and Alex my
brother-in-law is in Hawaii now and
we're going to go snorkeling so course
we're getting some cool shots with the
GoPro hopefully see some really cool
things we went down to go snorkel but we
wouldn't grab some lunch first and
unfortunately they accidentally put nuts
in my brother-in-law's
food there's something he's a he had
nuts in his mouth and he's kind of
allergic to that so he wasn't feeling
very good and I was like you know what
we'll just go he want to go snorkeling
too so I said let's just go snorkeling
tomorrow we stopped tomorrow so no
snorkeling for today but we could still
go swimming we're going swimming now
what color is it my mom and my sister
went swimming earlier and as soon as
they jumped into the pool someone yelled
at them to get out they were wondering
why they were the only ones in the pool
turned out that earlier today a kid
hooked in it and you you dumped your
hand in poop water gross will they shock
the whole pool they said they waited for
all the chemicals cool down and then
we're swimming again in booby water
she wanted to try it we're all done
swimming now and I was still going on to
the GoPro so I decided to just like walk
around the outside and just keep filming
not in slum or anything just like
regular check this out and see if it's a
came out pretty cool and ended with some
ducks
well that was cool with the GoPro thing
hope you guys enjoyed that but I am just
take a shower and I'm gonna head back
down meet my parents and I think we're
going to go to dinner not sure where
we're going to go over going to stay in
the hotel if we're going to go to the
into town to Lahaina so we go down and
figure it out I almost forgot check this
out not wearing black I'm wearing maroon
Brett dinner now look at this behind me
wow we just got the first thing
appetizer pork no pork no duck tongue
pout duck meatballs yep
is every decrease again we're so good so
good amazing shot hey dad is this one a
good shot what do you quit shooting your
fish and eat it yeah hi mom
Hey
so relaxing I met I met a new friends do
you watch the vlog yeah it's a little
windy hey what's your name
yeah Neal well it's nice to meet you if
we're out here and then why are you
joining you stay over here yeah it's
awesome yeah
well you're on the vlog tomorrow okay
you know what yeah tomorrow what you
should do tomorrow you should hide and
you spend the day finding me up do that
yeah okay well you had the vlog tomorrow
cool it's really good to meet you yeah I
wasn't gonna say this on the vlog but I
got it cuz you guys may get a kick out
of it and I don't know my dad completely
completely completely embarrassed me
today we went on periscope and it's been
a common trend for my dad to want to set
me up with a girl which is totally fine
I I been I've been single I would like
to go on a date or maybe to get married
but you guys a lot of you guys go watch
his periscopes and start suggesting
names and you guys gave him the idea of
iJustine who's a friend of mine and he
decided to take it upon himself and tell
all of you guys to who were watching him
to go tweet her and say hey to tell I
just seen that she should date me and it
was really embarrassing everyone went
over and tweeted her and then she
responded with focus what is happening
right now weird laughing face emoji
whatever and then I was I was
embarrassed and my dad responded and
said
he said I'm trying to set you up with my
son
Alex and I wrote I now want to delete my
Twitter account and she was laughing so
thank you very much for doing that and
now it's so awkward and I don't even
know how I'm supposed to work with her
or be friends with her and and then
after those emojis what did you write
I sawed three emojis I don't really
understand emojis but it was like yeah
which i think means yes like if you said
you know would you I'd like to take you
out on a Friday night and forget about
emotions if you said to somebody I'd
like to get on Friday would you like to
go out with me on Friday night and they
went I think yeah Friday's good good
time so that's what I thought she did he
he then replied to her three awkward
face emojis and said I believe that
means yes and you know what she said
that she said nothing so now it's a cell
awkward thank you Dad
you are you are always helping me out
whenever I need it
whatever you ask of me you know what the
answer is except I showed you guys let
you get a kick umm it's awkward it's
fine it's let's you see I should help me
fix this or don't let's just leave it
yep
it's tiny
Oh
okay guys well I'm back in my room now I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching
today I enjoyed living today that's
weird but I did so even though I went
through so much embarrassment for a lot
of today it's always a good time and
yeah so on that note I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
check out this effort they have an epic
room I have an epic look at this
