hey guys it's a new day today I am on my
way to the office which reminds me I
apologize that there hasn't been very
many blogs and you know recently but
mental change very soon we just like I
said in the last vlog we watched amp
digital my new company and it's been
we've just been like you know pretty
hectic with getting everything started
and the first week we filmed seems like
1215 videos so we're getting a good
start you guys will see those soon I
will obviously let you guys know when
those two live so those are not going on
here they are going to be more focused
on Facebook actually so I'll let you
guys know as more stuff happens they're
a massive office now but I'm only here
for a bit because we're just
transferring cards and everything hi
Seth hello we got a transfer footage in
stuff like that we've just been shooting
all the stuff here we packed up bring in
my new camera check this out damn look
at that this thing is big by the way
this that's my hand size it's really
cool it is a 4k camera
it's the Panasonic dbx 200 is a very
lovely camera I'm really excited about
that we're going to shoot some awesome
stuff on this but now we're packing it
up because we're going to Vegas
hi and are your time how are you okay
there's a reason it doesn't really look
like think about that member because we
actually landed in Henderson because
lobbying is currently in under storms
and flooding and we can't fly there
because the airport's boat so we flew
nearby we can see the strip about 50
minutes away but it's like three clouds
over there and soft we're gonna head
from here how was your first time flying
private great yeah you think you could
ever fly commercial again
the word behind me yeah all right
there I am this is my dad's room are you
a different you're staying Abbi
yeah can you show me around okay show me
around
do you ever pull out gear a beam or your
own pool
get your own pool do you know how many
bedrooms are in here how many three
you're right there's three bedrooms in
here are you gonna go swimming out here
are you gonna go swimming yeah well
these bathrooms are big damn it's
ridiculous
oh look a fish tank I'm gonna do a
cheese ball now we got to go find our
actual rooms because that's everyone
Seth just went over to his room which is
a couple doors down I have this room
which is that Oh up higher now
who is when a bar on the 23rd floor in
the Mandarin Hotel where Fred were
meeting up with here look at you
yours all the way in the back I'm good
how are you my dad showed starting soon
we're walking back to right now he's
performing in the theater I don't know
where we're going in here between
observances games engineering embarking
on here and this shows down that but he
recollected night I like that shirt I
just bought it bitch did you hotel it
was in the gift shop
very Vegas it is the desperation when I
watched audiences just coming in right
now
so they also ha they're gonna fill it up
in the show time soon showed done my dad
killed it David killed is David Spade
and the whole thing was awesome
it kind of late and normally we'd go to
a bar or Club or something like that but
I think we're just gonna go gamble I
don't know how well we'll do but look at
the shot I have done I think it see now
and you know what it's I was there for
good two and a half three hours with
everyone and I left with the same amount
of money I went in with I think I would
call that a win and I'm also tired and
ready for bed but I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this and I'll see you
guys again soon goodbye
