hey guys it's a new day look at this
look what you walk into boy oh yeah yeah
that's a sight to walk up to wake up and
walk out - every day I'm gonna head to
breakfast and my family just gonna need
to find them how did you find them and
then way I will who will go to breakfast
we're gonna bump a I walked it look at
this look at this oh I'm gonna sneeze
comer sneeze right here look look got it
okay
here at night - really in there
penguins I'm narrating your video am i
you their African black-footed penguins
penguins South African black-footed
penguins want to see the Penguins you
want to see them I like the flower in
your hair
we got a Cabana to sit facing the ocean
we can go in the pool these chairs where
some water
I think we're just going to sit the
swimming payout on ocean what what else
do you do in Hawaii
I'm gonna head yeah how's it going oh
you're on the vlog oh cool so I'm gonna
head back up to the room and get my
GoPro so that we could do underwater
stuff in the pool and show you and there
and it has it doesn't need a shell
anymore so it has some mic so I'll be
able to use that to vlog while we're in
the pool and we're going to go with a B
so that'll be cool
while we're here at the hotel we have
that awesome room that I showed you guys
yesterday we also I need a room to sleep
in for my own privacy you know so I got
another room a few floors up from my
parents room so this is my room check
out check out this at the day of an epic
room I have an epic look at this
can you believe this view I would love
to wake up to this every morning
let's go do the slide yeah
I bumped it against the side of you time
so it's again
yeah
we're out of the cave now we're swimming
around yeah you having a good time you
having a good time
hopefully I've actually never tried the
mics on this so hopefully you guys can
hear me after it's been in the water if
so this is cool if not then this is the
last time I'm using this GoPro for in
this pool trying to talk to it I mean
I'll use it for underwater shots but I
like that I can finally talk to a GoPro
even bring it underwater
we're out of the pool now I just looked
at the GoPro footage and I'm so happy
that the mic actually works even though
it goes underwater than comes back up
and works totally fine so that's
actually a really cool vlogging camera
for pool for anything that involves
water that I can't bring this camera but
that was cool to figure it out
his birds are pretty cool Jackie came
and got me and said that there was a sea
turtle so we're gonna check it out
coming out of water yeah
we're heading now to go each pretty
early we're at whalers village we're
gonna go to a place called Leilani's to
eat
we just finished up I got some yogurt
yeah it's not yeah there's Captain
Crunch in there and one but check this
out
it wouldn't be Hawaiian I wasn't seeing
one of these it's family time hello
family family family no secret sister
well um
Jackie's are the other day her vlog but
she accidentally took my camera today at
one point in here and she's like I think
I'm using your cameras and you are using
my camera so she's got a pull Clips off
of here and off my go brother cheese for
the pool
so I gotta go get that and then she
could finish hers and then I can then
move it well I don't know why you have
the raft ride your legs
Wow
swim
okay guys well I decided to come back up
to my room to go to bed everyone else is
going to sleep so we can have a full day
tomorrow have another day another vlog
another good time another experience
another another another something well I
hope you guys enjoyed today and it was
cool that my GoPro session actually the
mic worked and everything what I want is
really cool so I'm excited about that I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and on
that note I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
uh how do we get out here we go yes this
is the the hotel room
with a barbecue area
