hey guys it's a new day today and good
news and bad news good news is tomorrow
I'm going to Hawaii yeah I am definitely
excited about that i mean if you guys
get hawaii vlogs bad news is i'm not
gonna be with my boy I gotta drop you
off again I gotta drop you off I hate
doing that I hate it buddy I know you
have a good time there that's the only
reason I feel ok I know that he loves it
there he actually he sees the place
right over there and he's like already
excited that he's going in there so and
they love him so I guess that's a plus
sign but I don't like to be without you
Mia only to be without that boy he's
little slobbery on my face atmosphere um
yeah someone drop them off and continue
on my way and get ready for Hawaii
tomorrow I'm packing right now for
Hawaii well I'm actually I was trying
back for Hawaii and I realized I don't
have swim trunks or I like to bear
George may be total so I'm gonna go
drive down to third street and go buy
myself some clothes because I need to
have the correct attire for Hawaii or
else i'm just going to be wearing jeans
and who wears jeans in hawaii just
finished up gonna head back home I got a
couple bags here one of them is filled
with a few shorts because that's what I
went for and then I got and then I got
hungry so I got food but i'll show you
what i got when i get home because I
in the car and that would be hard right
now so in a in a second for you a few
minutes for me i'll show you back at my
place and so I got from my favorite
salad place simply salad simply sadly
it's like my favorite one of my favorite
places to go in Santa Monica and the
salads are amazing and then I went to
rip curl open open and I was like okay
well I need to get some trunks and I
need to get shorts and I was like bitch
have those shorts that are both they
were like yeah we do so look at what
color I got black shorts that are some
trunks but i also got like a tan one
these are all like the same kind i got a
tan one and and how about 3 & a great
one there we go
it's like the three colors I actually
where I'm wearing gray shorts now I have
the tan shorts and I wear black jeans so
hey it fits and I already have two
shorts so we're set we're set short wise
swim trunk wise we're good to go for
Hawaii I just need to get everything
else ready I got to bring my GoPro
that'd be cool again some underwater
shots movie snorkel or do whatever I
don't know I just got to get the stuff
set up because I'm obviously I do
everything last minute everything I have
a surprise for you guys not that great
of a surprise at all but I instead of
just all black shirts which I originally
picked out I also added in a blue one
what and a maroon one but all the rest
of my let's throw some color into my
life yeah yeah I also bring in the
charging up my GoPro awesome possum
bringing in the go pull with the frame
mount for this this little thing so we
get some cool shots with that and then
pretty much be all set I'm just washing
up to my regular pair of shorts that are
also some trucks and we'll be good to go
feel good about this feel set you guys
get ever have that worry right before
you leave that you forgot something or
you're gonna forget something I I cuz I
always do but a lot of times i actually
do forget something so is it it's a
pretty it's pretty real thought but I
think I'm okay right now I just had an
idea for a good drinks video I want to
do and just in case I want to shoot some
day I'm gonna bring my 7th ed and all
the stuff I need I'm not gonna bring any
love Mike's to do that hopefully this
rode shotgun mic on cam mike is going to
suffice it's going to be enough and then
that should be good and who travels look
at what I'm doing here let me close
close the bartending dungeon but I'm
traveling with my strainer mixing Cup a
jigger some pour spouts my muddler let's
drain spoon and tongs I'm bringing us to
Hawaii because clearly those are
essentials if I am going to make drinks
there I don't know if I'm gonna make
drinks there you'll see what i mean when
i upload the video the drinks video
you'll know exactly what I what I what
I'm doing looking forward to I think you
guys enjoy this one okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed I'm sorry if this
is a little short I just I've been
trying to like prep to go and rather
than just like saying screw it I'm not
going to put a vlog afraid I'll give you
this rather than nothing so get excited
for some Hawaii flocks I think that'll
be so cool and super awesome and good
times and and some other stuff but yeah
so I'm gonna head to bed so I can be up
be awake be ready to go to Hawaii and
then have a good time over there so on
that note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye come here
come here get on get over here to write
it huh nobody wheels nobody wheels come
on show them how you get ride go boom
boom Harvey do you see that is the first
time he's ever gone on myself
