hey guys it's a new day today and I
think Brandon gonna head over I don't
know we don't really have much planned I
know he's going to come over I think
that ownagepranks is coming over to
they're still in town so yeah we're just
gonna figure out what to do have to have
a good time have a good day like we
always do and we'll start it off good
and fresh Harvey has a skateboarded
before on this skateboard but usually
when he skateboards I have to like pick
him up put him on it and he'll stay on
it I could push him across the apartment
but he doesn't know how to get on it
himself he's been close before um let's
see if we can get him to go on it by
himself you don't want to get on it here
come here come here ready here we go and
Harvey wait you're trying to come this
way where you going where you going okay
good you push it that way now can we
push it this way good good get on get on
get on oh that was so close Harvey
coming Harvey that was so good
get on here they're here to write it huh
nobody wheels nobody wheels come on show
them how you get ride go boom Harvey see
that is the first time he's ever gone on
myself what I can't believe Harvey just
did that I'm gonna keep trying and keep
pushing him to too perfect it's that he
could do it all the time and do it on
his own I think it would be super cool
clearly could do what he just proved it
so I don't even know what to say i'm
excited how cool was that alex is
biggest asshole in the world Riley who
do you think the biggest assholes in the
world rata cheesecake factory right now
at the grove when we was Brandon and
we're also here with ownagepranks it
again i can't show your face but talk
talk's huh what's going on man yeah see
that's all that's all I could do for you
guys and this was funny Brendan was like
oh look who it is next to us hey hey
we say it's good turn fat to mix we
don't hang out it's a Lucy to even got
to happen to be at the table next to us
so I just went over and talked to him
but we'll probably hang up to it's funny
that where the table right next to each
other we're back at my place now
Harvey's relaxing Brandon's relaxing
relaxing you guys kind of look like you
look way yeah we do um so at dinner we
were talking and I and they're asking me
they're like why haven't you been doing
your drinks channel I was like you know
I loved it but it's just I want to also
do something that that you guys love to
do which is why I was doing like the
Dare stuff and everything that I just
want to keep like trying things and you
know Roman said to me about the the
drinks channel when I talk to him he's I
dude you should just stick with it like
the viewership is great I went on to
show that I was like you know the
viewership is decent it's fine i enjoy
up and I went on I'm looking at videos
the second video on their six hundred
and sixteen thousand the one with Roman
five hundred twenty-two thousand the one
right after that what does 139,000 views
what is going on here there's another
one the b-52 shot with Alex wasabi's
142,000 views what when did that happen
i'm looking in the past month it says
it's gained another 5000 subscribers
what so I said to brand and I was like
you know what screw it let's let's do
these videos again on Alex Mandel drinks
do you guys you agree like what I was
like I don't know maybe they just don't
really maybe they weren't feeling it I
guess you guys work that's so cool
because bartending is such a passion of
mine that I would love to continue doing
that so let's let's get back to it and I
even told him he was like what's a
schedule for it I was like let's just
make drinks and post them wherever we
are we could be anywhere we could do
anything let's just make drinks post up
those videos and it'll be great so
let me know what you guys think okay
guys well that's all I got for you for
today I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching I definitely had a good time so
yeah let me know what you guys think
about what I was telling you guys about
the drinks channel some of that it's
time for me to go to bed i'm tired it's
kind of late gotta go to the gym in the
morning and then a new day tomorrow so
hopefully this is this is cool right
here ready boom works for me and on that
note i will see you guys again soon
goodbye i just tried to make popcorn but
I went on the phone and I forgot it was
in there and it's so I think it's
burning still early is this on is this
on fire still good though yay nay boy
and that was the last bag I was so
excited I was like I want a little snack
I open the cabinet there was popcorn in
here
let's see yeah hold on let's let's open
this up
out hot oh yeah haha
