hey guys don't you hate it when you're
on periscope and you go into someone's
broadcast and it says broadcast too full
and you can't chat well I just thought
an awesome trick that allows you to join
the chat no matter how full the
broadcast is check this out
okay so Justine is on let's see okay one
thousand oh there she's time I mean so
broadcasts too full here let's we'll put
the sound off so you can hear me so
broadcasts too full if I try to chat it
says sorry the broadcast is too full
well I have to do is right when you
click it you'll see a message bubble on
the side just keep tapping it doesn't
work every time you might have to do a
few times so watch this broadcast too
full here we go
oh I missed it yet to make sure you hit
it here we go
click it oh there we go
I did it fast enough now to say
something I'm in it's as easy as that
there goes and she still has one point
mm you may have to try it a few times
but it will work so go ahead and enjoy
join the conversations that you want to
be part of and that's it one thing I
haven't used in a while is this drum set
I remember I showed you guys hidden
talent I can play the guitar but can I
play the drums I don't even know if
those are mine
how do you oh those are mine let's uh
let's try it
