hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
just getting back to santa monica area
because i was at a meeting and a network
TV cuz i was pitching a new show i'm
currently working on three shows can't
talk about much you guys always that's
what I do I than youtube I work on a lot
of TV stuff if I didn't I wouldn't be
able to really support myself slowly off
of youtube so it's good that I do that
but yeah that's I've been working hard
do to keep things going and I we're
having we're having a good time I think
I think we're having a good time here
are you guys having a good time but I
don't really know what's going on today
I'm kind of angry I feel like I'm always
kind of hungry but let's say at the day
to start a new day and hello we'll see
what the day has in store for us I'm up
on my roof and I brought Harvey up here
cuz I brought him up here so you can pee
and stuff and then I sat on the couch
and I and I fell asleep Harvey's not up
here anymore I'm up you're alone Harvey
mr. Harvey ditched me there he is there
you or you came down here they get tired
of hanging out up there huh you're tired
of hanging out up there yeah i was
probably boring you
I just tried to make popcorn but I went
on the phone and I forgot it was in
there it's so I think it's burning still
early is this on is this on fire still
good though yay nay boy and that was the
last bag I was so excited I was like I
want a little snack I open the cabinet
there was popcorn in here let's see okay
hold on let's let's open this up
oh it's hot oh yeah David I'm on my way
right now to go to the gym I i need to
get my workout on I actually a pretty
crappy at VidCon not gonna lie and I was
so worried that I was like gonna gain
some weight from that and when I got
home I went on the scale and I guess
there's just so much walking at VidCon
that I had lost just over a pound to be
a bit cause I was like great and do that
all the time he grabbed me lose a little
weight but I'm still feel like I need to
go to the gym so I go to the gym five
days a week for those you talk now and
that's it's tough but I make myself do
it that I can be healthier and so that I
could live the lifestyle I like because
you guys know I like to eat and if i
wasn't working out and I was eating the
way I am I would be a much bigger person
so it's definitely important that i'm
going to the gym i just got back from
the gym and I gotta tell you my trainer
kicked my ass I think it's because she
knew that I had been at VidCon and I
probably did really crappy with food and
everything and yeah but I gotta say that
one of the coolest things at VidCon was
not only you guys coming up and my other
YouTube friends that I know coming up to
me and just saying hi but the cool thing
was all the all of you guys that came up
were like damn you lost a lot of waiting
you're looking good even going to the
gym I'm like yeah
been going on the gym I've been working
hard but I all of that to my trainer Sam
she kicked my ass and I know a lot of
you tough guys are like well how can you
work out that hard with a female trainer
I'm telling you if you had one session
with her she would kick your ass okay
but I do a huge thank you to her for
make me look good so she doesn't know
I'm doing this and I don't even think
she watches my blogs but as a thank you
i was like thinking I'm was just gonna
let's just blow up her Instagram I think
that would be super cool so here's her
Instagram name I just posted it to the
screen right there you see that so go
check her out an instagram follow her
share the thank you from all of us from
the a-team to her and just shit love
with her it's big thank you turn it
would be kind of funny if when i eat
crappy you guys can now tell on me to
her actually maybe this is a bad idea
it's okay she deserves his thinking but
I sweaty I stink and I need to take a
shower someone go take a shower make
sure you go follow her show her some
love and thank you again Sam I don't
think you're watching but thank you can
you guys guess where I'm eat dinner I'm
back in town I gotta have some of this
Oh focus there we go we'll cream
barbecue yeah 100 yeah so I did what I
need right now what we have whether we
need me yeah
I just got back to my apartment and food
was great to first off and then I
realized like I found this glitch to
periscope where you can if you any of
you guys go on periscope and you try to
check out your favorite person on
periscope a lot of times you can't talk
because they're periscope broadcast is
too full I found a little trick / glitch
to get around that so any of you can
chat I made a video to show you how i
actually just had a Justine had iJustine
them go on periscope so that I could use
her to show you because I know she gets
a lot of viewers so I just made that
video i'll put the link in the
description so you guys can click on
that and check out that too and yeah
it's just a quick video to teach you how
to do that cuz i figured be fun for you
guys know so you can all chat so once
tired like these little legs like a
little chicken legs how are you checking
like can I ever check it like could I
have it could I have this checking like
right here hey my boy how are you tired
so I mean to get you up I just want you
i want your chicken legs I have kind of
this chicken leg hey want to eat it I
you fly back to sleep eating their sleep
you see or you can ride that if you want
to okay guys well that's all I got for
you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed make sure you go check out that
periscope pack trick how to think
whatever it is that link is in the
description it's definitely must know
for me so I hope you guys will enjoy it
too and i'm happy i figured it out a
proud of myself if someone else happens
to have that information already and i
didn't get it from them i figured it out
so props to you for figuring out if you
did but that's what i found i wanted to
share it with you guys so i hope you
guys enjoyed that however you want to
say goodbye excuse me excuse me
excuse me give me screw me now he's lazy
he's lazy he's a lazy boy well that's it
so on that note I'll see you guys again
soon goodbye one thing I I haven't used
in a while is this drum set I remember i
showed you guys hidden talent i can play
the guitar but can i play the drums I
don't even know if those are mine how do
you oh those are mine let's uh let's try
it
