hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
heading right now to go pick up my fat
little chunk mr. Harvey you know pick up
Harvey I'm excited to see him I'm gonna
pick him up and then since I'm in the
area I'm gonna go hang out with my mom
and we're gonna go get lunch I think
unless she already got lunch without me
now that I called her and told her one
of your lettuce I think I'm gonna go
over there grab sign to eat and then
we'll just see what we have in store for
today
Harvey we're looking for a place to pee
huh huh he's just exploring he's
exploring we're at my parents house now
hey doggies hey Lola oh hi hi
then Coco and macey
hi hi hi hi little ones little ones
Lolo is actually on a dog whisperer
because she can be pretty evil yeah you
know I'm gonna have a vertical video but
check this out I'll show you why why is
she's why she was on the dog whisperer
check this out
writing the lunch right now mother and
we're going to place called lovey's and
Calabasas can't really see it through
the side there this used to be Red Robin
I actually didn't like Red Robin I miss
it but she says this is good so it's the
first time I'm trying it over here we'll
see thanks mother
hello and her soup is ready for her
Eleni I ordered a half a corned beef
sandwich I love going
that's a few minutes
it's a lot of meat it's a lot of meat
you enjoying your super-heavy yourself
like that front of your family watch
this watch what happens if you blow on
her face ready ready ready
do you like that yeah it's ice cream
time she wants more huh give more yeah I
got sweet green with Oreos a nice fire
but just like very plain she would like
that I know that when Abby's over a lot
of guys are gonna be after her so the
good thing that she should get is some
Oh some bear bear mace bear attack yep
I think the fires up to 35 feet yeah
they're not getting close
plus my brother-in-law Alex will love
that I'll buy it for him
oh look here here yeah
we go there's your bear mace guys can't
nope guys can't come within 35 feet of
her guys in bears for those of you have
never seen my old room for my parents
house this is my room probably wondering
where the bed is it's this picture mm so
that I can have more space in the room
Jack Jill sent and it has a bed stand so
that go all over yeah and it's still a
queen-size we had it made so that I can
still be like a bigger bed and just be
like a cabinet space I'm gonna kick you
boom hi hi hi one thing I haven't used
in a while is this drum set I remember I
showed you guys hidden talent I can play
the guitar they can I play the drums I
don't even know if those are mine how do
you know those are mine let's let's try
it
so I have I have played drums actually
played for fifteen years and used to
give drum lessons to people but I
haven't played it in so long could
entertain him the last time playing I'm
super rusty but I figured you guys love
seeing the guitar things so why not I'm
in my dad's new Tesla you will you're
back I was with Roman you hung out Roman
I didn't I know I was I was at your
friend's I did your playdate I went to
VidCon and he does the plane it's dark
in here now you wanna but like no no no
this weird we're heading home we'll just
go home okay well to your home it's
light out there though that's good luck
isn't it I get ya this is light enough
yep I'm on my way home now I gotta get
gas filling up 429 I think it says
that's pretty pretty crappy but I'm just
hanging with my boy how you doing you
okay
you came back they're waiting I gotta
get home sleep still pretty tired out
for this past weekend yeah happened to
be home okay guys well that's all I got
for you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching let's get back to this
regular schedule here
we've been on a regular schedule pretty
much we've been every day but I mean
we'll get back into regular routine
that's that's what I was trying to say
boys girls ladies and gentlemen Harvey I
will you doing you ready to go to bed
yeah oh you're loving that is that he
falling asleep of me just doing that so
we're gonna go to bed and I will see you
guys get soon good bye
