hey guys it's the last day a big cock
crazy hold on i'm beating a bitch you
excited for last day no yeah lasted we
gotta get we got to get some good stuff
in wait a great day yesterday and she
will have a great day today so let's
let's get it started listen to our thing
i found the max now found him
now
because that I did I
you nailed it he didn't well I'm in the
collective lounge again oh look
Wow I'm bumping you I'm bumping you can
see this Helena shine you yeah so I get
shiny yeah or else it needs to be smooth
too so you're not a porcupine right hey
I saw your periscope I'm high-fiving you
approach you're watching your pairs to
go after daddy's got it I know what is
it tell them I'm here Dennis Roady good
yeah check out this Paris we're gonna do
we're gonna do how to brings live on
periscope yeah right that's the whole
game and they love it it is like funny
because it doesn't work sometimes yeah
that's the best thing it's like one of
my favorite videos if you ever saw it's
on it's on his second channel but trying
to cut the water my my favorite part is
that it wasn't working hahaha that's
that's always what that's for real yeah
it's great 5th gen beer pong here in CBS
lounge go for it
oh I'll get it all okay ready ready here
we go
too far it's hard to blog I've already
made it just not on camera three go for
it hold on camera you can do why are you
okay you go to turn yeah buzzer and play
I got that 100 and topics you did get
that one you actually made that one but
we're just leaving it in just keep
playing yeah it's fun
oh so close full rack full rack ready
here we go oh wait it was gonna hit the
wall behind you yeah Brandon catches it
every time he thinks he's gonna lose
boom mic up Oh made it finally walking
right now gotcha Wendy such a what are
you picking in today they save me about
that beer chug bow what's the dear child
were they like it's all we know my
chugging a beer you having a good time I
was fun wasted go take your picture
worried about what you guys are thinking
if you're on the blood he's in the wrong
what are you going to say what you're
gonna say like it should we take a
picture yeah let's take a picture oh you
want
her back on the vlog that you would
never left the vlog if it on the blog
this whole time what are you gonna do
we're gonna do this is somewhere do
something all right oh dear Victor got
out to mom there we go
let's wrap your rap yes come to be gone
night weekend yeah ya did it a is so
much better than nothing anything at all
there you did good you did good yeah are
we just bumped into teddy hello Joe
hello Teddy what's his Instagram Oh
would you say how it's a cystogram he is
mama yeah yeah
what we should work together to work
together thumbs up together one thumbs
up you'll work together that's all it
takes for I know you guys usually give
me a thumbs down with what comes up it
will be good to go is now officially two
minutes two minutes left a big car
roping it up make it everyone get out
still got one more party got the maker
party and we're not staying overnight
we're heading home head back
plugging the grab some dinner who would
ever hang out for a little bit and then
head over to the party he's going to do
wait things like this right
why you know why this is the damn let's
go oh thank you well you're the only
person that has ever gone the alleged
know everybody they're just gonna say
that now because they're scared I
believe the secret it's a secret secret
I'm not afraid to expose against angel
eyes let's get a major lesbian gay what
I'm happy I'm an intial as good okay we
proud of that yeah that's a compliment
it is apply the party
bring back tired and we decided we don't
really have a hotel tonight we're not
going to drink we just had water we just
walked out of the party there it is and
we both feel like it's just time to go
home it's I can't really drag this on
too huh you ready to go home exhausted
exhausted too let's try home let's just
go home
finally back in my place I am absolutely
exhausted thank you for driving my
pleasure he was exhausted too but I I
wanted to read comments from the blogs
and stuff i had this was a good time for
me to do that was the drive back so I
were going to sleep and I had such an
awesome time thank you to all you guys
came up and got to meet so many of you
way more than I thought there would be I
would have been happy meeting like you
know five of you if that's all there
were but there were so many I couldn't
even believe it so thank you so much you
guys made this whole experience so
awesome i literally told Brandon as
we're leaving what did I say about
VidCon best food car you've ever been to
well that I did say that i actually did
but i was saying it's depressing to
leave without over time it was very
depressive leave i was saying it's
pretty depressing i was i was loving it
they're meeting everyone and hanging out
and hanging out with my favorite
youtubers and my friends and everything
and just a good time so not i'm home but
just I'm alone can I go up and sleep but
uh yeah it is what it is a great time
hope you guys well on that note it's
definitely time for me to to go so I
hope you guys enjoyed and I will see you
guys again soon we get back on the
regular schedule whatever that is
whatever that is so you guys soon come
on I am a huge fan
to analytical hieu tran it you and your
dad oh that's awesome yeah but look look
we did that we did that another but it
is like a meeting on the blog we did
this and we're in a pool or the same
place we did yeah i went to still out
but i think that me in LA another
kidding i went there we actually
graduate the same year same age every
way now Tyler come on younger
yeah stress makes me look much older
