hey guys it's a new day second day of
VidCon I conquered not having a hangover
but I still feel kind of crappy I just
got my other blog up and we're gonna
hide up for some freaking pancakes you
guys looking forward to what do you look
like I'm dying
yeah how do you feel you left early
Gregg just like disappeared and we were
alone by 4:00 a.m. when we got lets get
pancakes hang out start a new day start
fresh and do it all over again time for
some food you got yourself a BLT some
chicken and waffles and a breakfast
sampler
my name is it's so much more packed at
least I feel oh damn and it's hot I want
to go in the air-conditioning let me
complain a little bit before I before I
enjoy myself oh it's fun it's just hot
you guys check this out one of the
viewers Alex who I've actually met a
couple times yeah you've been at my blog
he just he just gave me a gift that's so
awesome
check this out this watch is a universal
remote control so I can go in a
restaurant and turn off all the TVs
through with people and everything and
they won't know because I'm just wearing
a watch I think you know we're gonna
have fun with this tonight we just walk
around the VidCon turn off like TVs like
that
with the defi lunch or break rights to
work
play a claw machine rocks
oh wait stop what are you doing darling
I didn't know you no no you know
check-in try again okay go go
I'm not I'm not I'm just watching okay
right there
Batali's prank on the on the wall
oh there's a lot of people in here
okay crowding my space I need my crews
Mosby's with the about getting dinner
early because there's a party right
after
at like 6:30 then straight from there
there's another part of you have to go
to and then right after that party we
got to go to the collective party
I I feel like a grandpa when I have to
go to all these parties because
I don't think I can even handle it
anymore
years ago we're back in the room now I
want to change into it's still so hot
outside but I want to change into jeans
to get ready for the night because I
don't have much time to do that later
so I guess I'll have to just sweat it up
my jeans like I always do
I've been I've been happy wearing shorts
maybe it's like a new Alex is sure short
shorts Alex yeah
and I got a peek I'm checking out the
new watch that Alex gave me the one the
universal remote one and I got the TV on
here can you hold this yeah hold it so
that you can don't cover the mic okay so
you can see my watch right and the TV
ready boom so that's super cool you can
turn it off turn it on do whatever you
want to do and I'm definitely gonna cut
some problems with this take my log in
here
Alex bundles getting naked I'm trying
out this whole blog thing you don't see
me change it no I don't I don't want to
see you changing they hatin patrolling
and trying to catch me ridin dirty thank
you naked naked okay zip it up zip it up
zip it up
the golden we've got the golden ticket
it's a great experience now it is now
for the UT a party they closed down the
whole expo hall to everyone else
everyone that's just the paid for pass
and it's just closed only to
featured creators and stuff like that
and they have all these different it's
all open bar over here
free food stands all the way down all
different kinds of food all throughout
here just go around and everyone here is
some sort of creator so this is this is
a great place network during this so
bringing you guys I'm over at the tricks
in food and then hook it up but I'm so
excited I was just saying to thank you
so much for this it's been a mom yeah
Hey come out to LA sweet apartment you
love
technical nutrient you and your dad oh
yeah look we did that we did that his
mother it was like a meeting on the blog
did this and we're in high school or the
same place we did yeah I went to Stella
but I think I'm in LA I'm kidding I went
there but we actually graduated the same
year same age every day yeah Tyler come
on
yeah stress makes me look much older
depending to this one party and the
bus's system is so crowded everyone's
over here trying to get on but we got
fighted on the Gibson bus
Gibson hooked it up he watches videos of
me and Roman and he was like John hooked
it up over there also though everyone's
gonna try to get on this bus
feather feather yeah
Hey yes here walk them to just get these
lines so cool whoa we're on the bus oh
my god this is crazy in the bed in here
look who it is
you haven't been on my blog in so long
we're just getting to the house it's a
red carpet Laurie oceans the wind it
whoa big house
yeah
a huge house
or place
fellow Canadian Canadian and mr.
whatever is Brian whatever whatever
logging together we're together right
now I need it can we take tens of
massages like their hands should do that
the tables are that we want we want a
couples massage
yeah they don't they don't know us we
are for all Andrea this is the first
time we're meeting yeah I like your work
thank you
yeah that's pretty much it I just was
the creeper that was like the friends
they're opening up a new part of the
house
this is just opening up one of the first
ones walked down here
pretty great now we're going to the next
part of the collective one House of
Blues for wintering downtown Disney damn
damn Disney to go over to the collective
party it's like I'm kind of already
partied out I kind of want to just go to
sleep
we can both be 18 okay in the day or I'm
the second aid you know you need a
psychic
so I'm like I'm here
yeah it works but no no the last time I
walked with you was that playlist yeah
yeah and we before that we drink wasabi
martinis and it was disgusting and it
hurts my stomach don't do that it's
crazy what
think so are you going
should I go to tell em you know actually
you subscribe to my videos party's just
ending I'm exhausted I didn't really get
drunk or anything tonight I was too
tired I was like it'll just put me to
sleep I had a beer that's that's it
everyone's leaving now be it fun I'm
gonna complete opposite of Alex I got
drunk tonight - well that's good I'm
happy you did we have a hotel room so
get drunk no driving no anything here's
the place have a good time I'm just
tired I'm like literally falling asleep
I don't know
yeah I'm gonna have to look it up to
find out what I said I don't remember if
you might not want to go check it out
okay guys well that's all I got for you
I'm happy we're back in the room we get
to sleep he's already getting ready to
go to bed yeah time to go to bed I hope
you guys enjoyed this one I had fun
today there's a good day and I'm happy I
didn't get too drunk because I still
have one more day and I gotta make it
through it that's my goal so I guess
that's that's it
that's all I got on that now I will see
you guys again soon
goodbye oh my god do you mean know you
were coming yeah cheers to the view uh
where you gonna finish it
there's no other way to show but yeah
that's all hello
that was out pretty epic no no don't do
that don't do that
