hey guys it's a new day and we are in
Anaheim for VidCon and I didn't vlog any
any other way over here because we gave
own it's pranks a ride and can't show
any of that too hard I was too scared of
accidentally revealing an identity I
shouldn't reveal so Brandon and I are
here now you looking forward to it yeah
do it dance go dance is that it with my
little wiggle there we go so there's
this wiggle and he'll tap for you guys
and we gotta go get our passes hopefully
it's not that long the line to get our
passes and then start our VidCon journey
yeah we're just getting in here check
this out
first day here I can't turn the camera
that way because again and it's a secret
identity over there look let's go do
some fun stuff let's do fun stuff I'm
putting you on the blog I'll become we
get pictures here we're doing we should
get pictures come on this is going to be
on the blog tomorrow do you want to say
anything what do you want the flip you
guys are missing out here you're from
Boston yeah woody what are your names
nice to me let's get a picture I'll stop
I'll stop
we're just hanging around more people
coming up saying the law what's your
name what does that mean uh-oh
nice to meet you in your name very cool
just to get a picture
here I'll vlog your picture-taking
ability
cool I bumped into a familiar face
Brandon I'm just kidding Kevin you were
about to say it to me and then I got you
I think it's a plan that you pranked me
yeah that's good you have a special full
access pass and I have that well that's
okay don't you feel you know what your
badge says community but guess what I'm
part of the community too hey you're not
gonna have a community best I don't
think
you know you're better than me is that
what you're gonna say yeah we're just
cruising around now we've had to wait on
our check-in for the hotel if it wasn't
done to later he's now we got to go put
our stuff back in the room we were done
walking around for today I'm not sure
but we're gonna go ahead - I don't know
who's having a party tonight but
someone's gonna be having a party that's
when we're gonna go a little bit later
it's been awesome for those who that
came up to say hi there was a ton of you
I was shocked me I was like that'd be
cool if like my people came up but I'm
serious like I've never seen huge groups
like that cuz oh thank you and you're on
the vlog right now Thanks I was just
saying but so cool that you guys are
coming up well you're in tomorrow's what
I'm going to say hi everyone
alright okay I know my camera can't take
that
but yeah we're heading back to the hotel
now we're gonna put our stuff in and
then get all set and get ready to go and
have herself a good night I bumped into
someone else and I finally got to meet
to Russ he's crazy he's Russian we're
heading over to a party right now and
you have each buddy gets the free drink
whoa hey
Hey
what
it's a shake
I would say we have some drinks that
their partner Joe
you want to be the one Fisichella yeah
so don't be afraid of missing out
because you're invited you want to
whiskey I have a whole shelf
Jessi's busy talking buddy
I don't know what's going on I think
it's too late to get drinks I'm actually
a little
no-no-no
I'm a little bit okay I've been drinking
I've been drinking it happens with big
cock that's what
we were hanging out it's cool hanging
out with jenna Marbles Julian and Jesse
and everyone
I told Julian and Jenna they need to
come over and get drinks how cool to be
to blog make a drinks for Julian and
Jenna right you guys
and I lost Brendan I have no idea where
you
he's pretty much like about to fall down
apparently Brandon is with heartily Oh
walking out to the front wind he said he
is I said he was freaking lyin
this is like a two-for-one special let's
have let's have fun I bumped into one of
my most favorite people ever look at
this oh my god do you mean know you were
coming yeah cheers to the view uh wait
are you gonna finish it
there's no other way to show hello that
was pretty epic no no don't do that
don't do that I'm scared since you've
punched out like ever
no I'm so happy to see him I was like I
was bummed when I was like but he's here
that is what my favorite b-boy every
time I see Batali and you know what's
the best part of what I'm scared like
I'm gonna but now I have my own what do
you have your room we're walking back to
the hotel now it is currently let me
look 3:58
am so four in the morning
yeah tired a little drunk yeah so did
you have fun today sorry I'm just
kidding yeah good time I've been that I
had a great time I hope you guys enjoy
this I have enjoyed this and we'll have
a new day tomorrow and that'll be that
and this will be this it almost doubled
okay so on that note I will see you guys
again soon good Mike he's coming over
the thing is is his identity is
completely secret no one has ever seen
him online so I was I told him I said
yeah let's hang out
and we could vlog I just I and he's like
you know they don't know what I look
like and I was like yeah I know I we'll
just we'll just keep you hidden
