hey guys is a new day today and it is a
freaking exciting day because this is
the start of the newest chapter in my
life and career and I am so excited to
share with you as well as just
experience I'm on my way right now to go
to what was just my dad's office but now
is currently my office as well and I'll
explain that in a second
I don't know if you guys know this but
before I was really diving into my
youtube channel I worked in TV producing
on camera I just jumped into the digital
world I fell in love with the digital
one I used to work for a company you
guys may know break com so I used to
work for break com I actually ended up
becoming their director of pranks I
directed five different shows for them
created a whole show from scratch for
them called odd jobs that we did I had
Jesse and Roman telling me like that's
so cool like when are you going to do
like your own thing when you're going to
work on your own like that's what
YouTube is you get to kind of just work
for yourself and any idea you want you
don't have to give it to someone you
could do it eventually break wanted to
wanted me to sign a full exclusivity
full-time contract with them and that's
when things got really like the paycheck
from there was great I'll tell you guys
that but it didn't matter to me I wanted
to be I wanted I wanted something that
that was for me there was no way I was
going to take a full-time exclusive
contract so I left I left to go full
horse into YouTube I owe my digital
career to mr. Roman hasn't been like my
YouTube Big Brother from the beginning
still continues to call and check inside
super appreciate about that but I've
always still had this urge that I want
to continue producing content that maybe
I'm not even it just run a company and
if you guys don't know when I started my
youtube channel I also started a company
called amp digital and I knew that
eventually I wanted to create other
content I want to run other channels I
wanted to do all that stuff so after so
much time of working
my own YouTube stuff I have finally been
able to find someone I wanted to partner
with found the financing for at least a
year to run and really get amped digital
off the ground so now today is the first
day amp digital is fully financed with
employees with the staff and we get to I
get to create other content that is not
necessarily for my channel that is for
Facebook that's for YouTube for anything
and it's it's something that I've wanted
to do for years and I finally get to do
it and it's exciting and I love it and I
wouldn't want to put my office anywhere
else but in my dad's building so that I
could work here with my dad and my mom
has an office here because she's a
talent agent so my mom's office here my
dad's office here and now my office here
my dad's production company my mom's
talent agency and amp digital we have
the ability to produce content all over
this space it's already a studio space
so it's super cool that we can do a lot
of in-house stuff as well as on-site of
different locations we do have a
separate office space I'll show you
there's a couple guys working there
right now under empty it appears the
space I'll introduce you guys this is
Seth well he's pretty much going to keep
all operations running you run
everything yeah scary you are you are
the genius behind the genius behind the
camera yeah from the camera on the
geniuses behind the computer just behind
the computer nuts that's there
this is Kyle Kyle is in charge of all of
our casting right caffeine and snacks
and everything yeah I'm in charge of all
the stuff everything that Nina that we
need to run this a life improvers yeah
that's good I need my life improved but
yeah so we are currently working out of
here right now and it's just it's
exciting it's great I took a little
break from from working with attitude to
show you guys the great thing is that
you guys could also expect more vlogs
because as we work and produce new
content there's going to be cool stuff
for me to show you guys and cool videos
are making and I could share that
content with you so it's good for you
guys good for me it's just it's
all-around exciting
you know you guys can hate on it if you
want to but this is something I've been
wanting to do so they have been working
towards and finally get to do it so I'm
excited my sister Jackie is here to film
something that she wants to do to my dad
to prank him well because you already
prank in with his carpet it's my turn
with his car again I think it's just the
biggest target anyway you guys will see
what we're about to do to his car I'm
you guys have not seen what his car was
wrapped in after we did the whole video
on him it's kind of a crazy rap I don't
even know really how I feel about it but
check out the rapping on his car right
now it like changes from blue to purple
depending on the lighting and the angle
you look at it I don't I'm not the
biggest fan for the funny thing is he's
colorblind so I don't even know why he
picked a color he thinks it's just blue
but I don't know you guys intended what
you think
his tour is now in the office this is a
lot of posters you told me to buy more
than I need and I can always return not
if you open them oh let's open one
package at a time then as you need the
next one open it Oh
the car is officially done look at that
that is it looked good I think yeah it
is an H on top of the car anyway this is
what the car looks like but you won't be
able to see my dad's reaction here
because my dad's reaction is going to be
on her blog and if I decided do you guys
can go down the description below I put
a link to her blog do you guys could see
his reaction there and check it out
Seth made the mistake of telling my dad
that we need more pictures of him in
here and he's been putting more up
non-stop dad we don't need any more of
you you know how they're saying more is
more I haven't heard that it sounds true
though it's just my eye
dad what look at that done right no I'll
bring it more no no we don't need any
more
okay that's actually the end no more are
you
I really have a sense of when enough is
enough to Jackie not take it off the
joke isn't putting it on isn't joke is
meaning oh my god it's gonna take you
forever why would you do that well it's
not me why wouldn't you plan to have
somebody here take it off she's actually
on her way to go do a brand deal what
about the brand of being my daughter and
taking care of your father
that's nice you put so much work into
this she put a lot of work into this
what about the work I'm putting into
this you work it out
hello dad no cord you're sorry you guys
are acting a lot come on guys be serious
it doesn't fit on the time we gets again
have that limo go no let's go
take all this way go down this way yeah
wheezes oh okay you still need to hear
that noise they're kicking I'm drilling
on TV some the pictures on the other
room for this room no way well and when
did you add the island
we don't need anymore anymore
no my son I love you there is no end to
how much you guys are promoting this to
what whoa this one I don't know cut what
up will you cut that out of a poster ah
anyways guys I'm going to call it right
here because I feel like the more I vlog
the mortgages are going to end up on our
wall well I'm not about to keep doing
that but there'll be more adventures to
come soon now that we're working at the
office a lot here so stay tuned for more
stuff coming and I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye
