hey guys it's a new day I'm starting a
little bit later today because if you
know from yesterday's vlog I continued
it into a Q&A that I literally just
finished so if you didn't see that go
check that out
but I actually I got a prepare because
I'm going to VidCon and I'm excited and
I leave tomorrow morning
one thing that I'm dreading though is
that again I have to go put Harvey in to
boarding so they could watch him but
it's not terrible because they
absolutely love him so I know that when
he goes there he's like more than
excited and loves everyone there so it's
not too bad
I just don't like being away from him
you guys know if you have dogs or any
kind of pet you just don't like being
away from them I just dropped off my
little boy and it was funny they were
telling me I was like he loves it here
they're like of course she does he's no
rules here he gets to play with all the
other dogs which I love to hear because
he's like they're always telling me he's
like their favorite dog one of the girls
that works here literally showed me her
iPad the background is Harvey so they
love him here and I found out they said
yeah he loves it because he has a lot of
sex yeah Harvey has a lot of sex they're
not worried about him getting a girl
pregnant because the girls are fixed but
but he yeah that's what he does
so I'm sure he loves it oh yeah well
I'll miss him but I'll see him when I
get back on Sunday I'm back at my place
now and a little later so I'm getting
hungry and there's some of the youtubers
in town waiting to go to VidCon and one
of my friends and a youtuber I'm a fan
of and have been a fan of before I even
do them it's coming over right now to
hang out it's gonna be a little hard to
vlog with them because my friend you
guys know him as ownage pranks so he
does the prank phone calls if you guys
don't know ownage pranks we'll check it
out
he's coming over the thing is is his
identity is completely secret no one has
ever seen him online so I was I told him
I said yeah let's hang out and we could
vlog I just I and he's like you know
they don't know what I look like and I
was like yeah I know I will just we'll
just keep you hidden so he thought it's
right now and we'll figure it out it's
gotta be a way to do this we just went
and got dinner again this is this is
really hard I mean I guess you could
talk right yeah I can talk but just
don't mess this up for me Alex I'm all I
won't mess this up we just got some
awesome Mexican food courtesy of Alex's
suggestion yeah it was really good well
this is this is hard because normally I
like to show people and I can't like if
I turned it I'd have to like turn it to
my hand so I keep it on your own face
yeah it's gonna be here or like if I do
stand by you it's just gotta be like
yeah we're bigger to work yeah but uh
here give them a little bit of do you
name the characters yeah all them have
names yeah how come I don't know the
names 21 which well I mean we'll
reference a character I'll do for you
make sure nobody recommend recognize me
out here those because yeah hello my
friend how they're doing right now
before looking Chinese why if you guys
gotta go if you haven't I'm ready I'm
sure all of you guys know but you should
go check it out like it's so hard not to
turn this camera
I command you dude for that well yeah
sure I'm gonna do I'm gonna be all over
the comments guys who say nice things
yeah nice things I guess I could just
show this yeah let me get good at it
first
no that's the I get he's holding on here
I can't I can't show you but oh yeah oh
yeah your boy taro 21st century up in
this bitch it's not uh see what you guys
can't see is he's holding on to like no
one that's right down here try let it go
just like don't look down look looks
right yeah or it it's just like
literally walking oh don't go backwards
backwards you get it yeah just spin
around a come back on this rod again
business easier for you just till men
wear heels
you know you doing great we're now into
the next day and it's pretty early in
the morning I just woke up because my
trainer Jim said that we should still
get in a session before I go up to
VidCon so I'm up early to do that I also
realize I didn't pack or anything so
getting all this this stuff set right
now of course black on black on black
but I think today I might wear those
shorts that aren't black because it's
probably gonna be hot and I don't think
I hate even have black shorts ah
packing up all my stuff now then I got
to get the cameras and get all that
stuff set in case I want to shoot side
there I might shoot dear video and at
VidCon that would be fun
so just getting everything set up now
about to head out to the gym and still
have to get ready a little bit well that
was quick for you guys I had to go do
the work he has just got to sit there
and in one second I was done with the
gym showered everything look at this
look at this shorts shorts that aren't
black what again like in Toronto PAC
just finished packing up my stuff got
some business cards to pass out in case
people want to do business with me who'd
one do business with me packed up my I
got my camera ready in here Tom's
because I get acid reflux packed up all
my stuff and everything that I think
that I just got a text from nope I
thought I was getting to take some
Brendon saying he's here but he's not
here yet he's stuck in traffic so
everyone's heading here now and then we
got to get on our way so I actually I I
totally like this vlog is probably short
I don't know because I haven't edited
yet but if it is short
I'm sorry and there'll be better ones
when I'm at VidCon I just everything's
kind of been hectic trying to get
everything together get all the plans
ready and to everything so I hope that
you guys enjoyed this one for what it is
and I hope you guys are excited for the
vlogs to come for the next couple days
and on that note I'll see you guys again
soon good bye so I went ahead and went
on Twitter and asked you guys some
questions for a Q&A and I figured let's
just let's do a Q&A let's do it so let's
uh answer some questions
