hey guys it's a new day today and I just
got back from the gym not too long ago
took a shower i'm hungry Riley's getting
dressed so we're gonna go to lunch and
grab some food Harvey's just chillin
right you just chillin buddy you just
chillin yeah oh you like that you like
that scratch behind the ears he's a good
dog you're good dog you're good boy
Harvey let's start our day some of you
may think this is kind of mean I don't
because Harvey absolutely loves it I'm
gonna give him some peanut butter he
loves peanut butter and it's always
funny watching a dog try to eat peanut
butter these aren't excited sit boy you
wanted you want it you can have it oh
yeah
and then watch that tongue action will
last for like the next 15 minutes that's
what
can't get it out nor
hella tomorrow
that's good that's enough for you that's
enough for you now he's gonna be looking
for a long time now it's seriously like
five minutes later I'm not even kidding
he's still I gave peanut butter just to
keep licking his lil of zit though he
loves them I wasn't good to tell you
guys what was going on but I figured I
tell you guys pretty much everything so
why not um I was told by someone that I
was going to be given VidCon tickets one
for me one for Brandon so we can go hang
out with a bunch of you guys and do the
whole VidCon thing love it if they
didn't want to give it to us totally
fine would have been happy to pay for it
would have been great I would have paid
for it I've paid every year in the past
so we were gonna do that and then I
didn't get they they didn't tell me till
yesterday on my flight home from Toronto
that oh I'm so sorry I thought that we
were able to get you them and it turns
out just uh didn't work out my apologies
like oh dear well thanks for telling me
the monday before VidCon on Thursday so
I have no way of getting at VidCon like
nope no more passes no more anything and
I'm like what the hell i have to go i
want to i want to go to VidCon so I
literally just went on Craigslist and I
and I bought me a ticket I bought brand
new ticket we're going to VidCon under
two completely different names so if you
see us there you'll see my face but you
won't see my name why manage but if
that's the only way we're gonna go
that's why we gonna go so I'm making
sure I got to get to you guys who are
going I'm going to VidCon we're making
it happen whether I had to buy them from
other people on craigslist or not so I
hope that a bunch of guys are going let
me know in the comments below if you are
going to VidCon and I'd love to meet you
guys there we're just watching TV right
bud
hey sleeping you sleep in
I love to just sit on the couch tag with
this little guy I should say this big
guy the big guy who's brute guard yeah
we're going into a new day now and I
realized I just didn't block enough to
have a full block so i went ahead and
went on Twitter and passed you guys some
questions for a QA and I figured let's
just let's do a Q&A let's do it so
what's a answer some questions Griffey
Betancourt ritzy be asked what you use
to edit you recommend a poor man's
version ah well if i'm going to edit
like a full video like go out do a prank
reduce dare video and hate that i
usually edit on a avid media composer or
premier the new premier but just for my
blogs i actually headed on a soft part
called pinnacle studio which you can get
on your iPad or on your phone I use it
on my iPad with two small beings on your
phone but uh and i bought a little thing
that you can plug ins like put an SD
card and transfer file into my ipad i
use pinnacle studio and it's so easy to
edit him to get it up and do that it
takes a lot of time
I wouldn't need that I would be spending
on the computer so I you like my time
and dad I am able 24 asks are you going
to VidCon yes and if you're there you
better come and say hello because I want
you to want to meet you Rath squirrel
wraps or I don't know I'm butchering
love these names asked how did you meet
Roman actually met him at VidCon two
years ago and we became great friends
but I met him VidCon so if you guys want
to go and meet people at VidCon that's a
great place to network and to meet
people you and me lark tool 13 ask are
you going to grow your mustache again
the answer is I I was going to but I
enjoy not tasting my mustache with every
meal and pulling hair out of my mouth
having it is a lot of work at phrase and
looks weird I kind of look like a fat a
mile with it I think right now actually
happy without it sorry if you guys to
grow back but just at the moment Hassan
k underscore one says how much weight
have you lost now you and you see me
almost every day and it doesn't look
like much of a change because you see
you everything but a while ago if you
look back in old blogs I wait around 215
pounds
and now I currently weigh right around
185 to 190 if it jumps in between there
so that's a good amount of weight loss I
don't know that's that's that's what I
have for you even whether you can see
there whether you can't I don't see them
too I see myself everyday in the mirror
but that's a quick the numbers this
that's what Edgar Picasso three says
will you ever get a girlfriend I hope so
the pit then I really hope so primal
underscore DM says do you have a house
tour if not can you make one I do not
have one if you guys really want normal
house too I guess I could do that but
you guys just watching my blog I've seen
every room in every part of my partner
so you've seen everything I don't know
what I could show you but if you want a
formal house tour I guess I could do
that but I don't really see the point of
it but okay because what you want Finn's
18 says are you from LA or did you move
to
I am one of the rare born raised live in
LA the rest of my income my family like
my sisters all born raised valley my
parents born in Toronto and the rest of
my relatives live in toronto canada i am
first generation american and
first-generation la my am born and
raised in la voy so abhinay tofa can I
and I live here ro share Witcher 4509
7519 says how do you do your hair stuff
put on a hat if you're asking how i do
the other hairstyles that I've had to
pass I usually use my hands okay guys
well I looked at that satisfies some of
your needs for asking these questions i
hope i answered some good questions for
you guys please always feel free to send
me more on twitter or even on here and
i'll try to answer as much as I can't
we'll do some more QA ones if a question
that you want
as an answer to fly because you didn't
ask it or I just didn't get to it so I
will try to get two more will do more of
these hope you guys enjoyed that's all I
got for you for today so I hope to see a
lot of you guys at VidCon that's where I
actually get to meet up with you say
hello in person which is exactly what i
want to do so on that note I will see
you guys again soon goodbye oh this is
gonna be hard it's the camp well I got
okay mmm what's stringing this that's
nasty it's because I just had tongues
for my acid reflux goodbye is it coming
today Oh Harvey army hi hi hi hi
