hey guys it's a new day and I've gone
home I'm leaving I just had a meeting
downstairs for something and now I'm
meeting gonna go meet up with my parents
and sisters and we'll be on our way
gonna gonna go fly back home or in the
plane gonna take off to go home you
looking forward to go home yeah yeah
toast
we're up up and away up up and away
okay
my mom likes
ever sing you never I never say I do
sing sometimes
now we're gonna have some lunch we've
got some deli meat some food I'm eating
like she just dumped
Riley you're saving back
comes up
like I don't exist are you excited I was
saving the best
my turn now
here we go lately they were ground
it's flying is it coming I just picked
up my body yeah oh hey bud how are you
have fun you always have fun there they
said you were a troublemaker this time
they told me that he he loves to just
run towards other dogs and then just hit
him and he's almost 70 pounds so you
just boom right into them yeah he's a
bulldozer since we just got back I just
took Harvey for a walk around 3rd Street
he's been having a good time
he's hanging bed
he's getting tired he's ready to get
home can't come on to long walks can you
come on
headed back to my place now he is so
done after that lock give him two bowls
of water he both of the filled me get
some more watch this plugin to find a
spot to collapse good you could lay down
here when they come to you lay down spot
he likes this corner over here show them
what you like to lay down the Harvey
collapse he just loves to just collapse
a hill lay there for a long time yeah
bud okay guys well I'm happy to be home
and that's all I got for you for today
I'm going to bed I am exhausted I got
four or less hours of sleep last night
had to wake up at 4:15 in the morning my
time time used to here and haven't slept
it all up didn't sleep on the plane or
anything so I need to sleep I'm
exhausted you're still tired from the
walk I know that but so we'll both get a
good sleep how about that sound good
cool but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching we're back in LA so let's have
fun over here and yeah on that note I
will see you guys again soon goodbye
this is Toronto
super-nice
