hey guys it's a new day new day in
Toronto and I just pretty much got out
I've been trying to upload my vlog the
Internet's not that great so I have to
upload it in like 720 not the best
quality whatever it's going out I'm
gonna make sure it's up but it's not the
best and if you're wondering why that's
why but I'm about to go meet my family
if they're already at the restaurant
getting some food somebody go meet up
with them and see what's going on start
my day also I know I showed you guys
that I was bringing all pants and black
and last minute I'm gonna be hot there
guess what shorts and they're not black
what what
actions
we're not gonna have breakfast hello and
he joined us now later TJ you joined us
now late last night last night 10 Howard
stickam and now Stanley meadow yeah but
yes it's going to be on
so I have a cat see that you saw me
wearing for the punishment for Jackie's
thing my dad's gonna be wearing the same
thing on america's got talent on tuesday
which is tomorrow for you know
photography is they tell about you what
I'm gonna be wearing the cat suit to
wear okay katsu just rents in the family
but we're sitting down for breakfast now
going to order some food in the star
today I need to make a be part of the 18
here a bee Happy's part of a team boom
hey let's bring it down to two there we
go yeah we're on yorkville now walking
and we're gonna go here where are we
still walking we're going to summers ice
cream yeah but I gotta tell you
something that's cool is we they're
gonna think that you're better my
sister's recording me on hers because
she wants to show that i'm not very good
to her guy we that was our our condo
right here that one that i'm pointing at
yeah and that was our condo that behind
we just sold it recently and the cool
thing is this building right here this
whole brick building is still the same
facade that used to be a hospital where
my grandma was born and what's wear a
condom was we just sold it that's where
we used to live here on yorkville when I
would stay here I lived here for over a
month at one point when i was doing
scare tactics and so I kind of miss it I
wish we still had it was fun to come
here but are you run it's gone now so
now we just come here to visit and stay
in different hotels we're periscoping
now and i'm doing this emo stand
hey you guys want to say hi to the vlog
yeah
nothing could focus on it there we go
blogger vlogger vlogger whoo let's go
really fast yeah well we're on periscope
we're hanging out here I should use
periscope moored you guys want to watch
me more of periscope you could go on
there and check it out I'm just add Alex
Mandel yeah having a good time by myself
I'm getting everyone else here happy
happy ever Jax Emma Jax amberjacks every
Jackson every chance she ignores me like
every other girl my grandparents just
left and they wanted to give me a cool
gift they know that I love like anything
has to do with bar stuff or even just
really cool old things and and my mom's
parents just that they found in their
their basement like we used to have the
milkman and you can have maybe some
people still do but they used to have
the seltzer man come and refill a
Seltzer bottle of water and that was
they have one of their Seltzer bottles
from 60 years ago they decided give me
it's really cool this like handmade
steel thing and it's super awesome I
can't wait to bring it back because he
used to use it for Misha seltzer water
seltzer water you can even use it in
cocktails or just drink the sparkling
wine it's what it is but I think that's
super cool i was so happy about that if
he is so they have so many awesome
things that he gave me I gotta show you
guys another vlog he gave me like the
first-ever type of calculator not
electric or anything you literally like
drag the numbers down this thing and
they're all sold so he loves to give me
these things he knows and I love them so
I'm really happy to bring this back and
keep with some of the cool other stuff
I'll show you guys throughout different
vlogs stuff they've given me it's it's
so awesome r at dinner now gonna have
some food look at all the food
it's not here yet somewhere all the
other kitchens right here
we're at a place called casa moda it's
like a Japanese fusion place really good
oh yeah you like this true I got lippy
yeah it's a porn or what do you think oh
yeah we get more food but so far that
gets destroyed that's more added to
Wroxham tempura much i'm still another
helping
for my food lovers in case you guys live
out here and you want to check it out
it's on yorkville here casa moto
definitely check it out if you live out
here toronto it's amazing
this is Toronto
super less this place with a pianist
call in 180 it's on the 51st floor over
here we're here just to get a drink
after the braking is you tell you that's
a good because where is the LA time it's
only 7 p.m. so I was yesterday out late
handy and drink is the twenty seven
o'clock and she's still dancing she
dancing putting her foot your mouth it's
great everywhere they're everywhere hey
it's me the one you've been asking for
well that was Riley's or she tried she
wanted to try blogging what you guys
think check out what my brother-in-law
Alex got Jackie for their anniversary
for a gift it's awesome because he knows
that she's been loving vlogging so he
got her to the brand new sony rx100 mark
for awesome camera this one has the
flip-up screen as well like mine except
this one's a lot more advanced than mine
I it shoots in 4k and it can do nine
hundred and sixty frames per second for
slo-mo it's nuts she's now passing me up
and vlog quality so i have my can g7x
she's got her rx100 mark for the newest
one and that's she's super excited she
did her for her last clip in it today so
you can go check out that quality on
hers
sleep now look at this gift or what
mm-hmm you have to move her uh-uh she's
so comfortable where she is okay guys
well that's all I got for you for today
yeah I gotta get to bed I am kind of
tired but I also have to wake up I'm
having a meeting at this hotel in the
morning for something at like eight or
830 which is five or 530 a.m. my time
and then I'm gonna hop on a plane and go
back to LA go home I do love it here I
want to come back even later this summer
so maybe I'll be back soon but for now
this is the last night going bed waking
up early and then head home so hope you
guys enjoyed enjoyed these vlogs here in
toronto i know it's only like two of
them but i hope you guys enjoyed it and
that's all I got for you so that note i
will see you guys again soon goodbye
well i'm a plane are you ready to go
yeah I'm taking your diaper bag beside
across from us
mom you ready to go she's terrified of
life yeah you ready you ready
