hey guys it's a new day today and it's
pretty early in the morning and I am
pretty tired but we got our bags here
Riley got her bag and we're about to
head over to the airport to go fly on
out to Toronto so ya gonna have a good
weekend visit relatives the family and
hopefully see some of you guys out there
so uh skin on our way we're at the
airport now we just had a little bit of
breakfast which which I wanna see the
little one all right oh she she lifted
up her eyebrows ready Franklin see what
said if you have oatmeal next to your
head I'm next year I on your head yep
she's a bit other side and in her hair
you know Suzanne just hungry well I'm a
play now you ready to go yeah taking
your diaper bag
under Abby's I'm across from us mom you
ready to go she's terrified of life okay
yeah you ready you ready
types of all right
hungry
we're landing
boom you excited to land you'd say the
LAN
you did really well has she has an
amazing mother haha no okay okay she
said what
and then she's trying to answer bitch
where pacifiers
nice grill ABS illa
killer yeah
and touchdown
just when it is
just got into my room check this out
it's really nice here view is great all
that sunset yeah check out this room boo
let's look like apricots I think they
are check out this big bed and
everything look look it I get it a big
bathtub I'm all love though some really
nice room for just me it's just me here
oh well now it's dinner time we've got
all this Chinese food here families nach
baliye Sal yes even we're like a family
we're only missing my dad but he'll be
here later on he's doing what shows
right now and that he's gonna meet up
with us but for now we feast we're
heading to a place called Nathan square
where apparently to have fireworks and
live music and they have eight hey hey
they have a uber here in Toronto right
yes do you enjoy being uber driving here
yeah I always use I I'm from LA so I use
it in LA to get everywhere I started
yesterday you said yesterday well you
doing a great job so far so good Adam
the arty starting you he will
oh my god if there'll be if they're done
when we get there and
oh don't look right there anywhere here
I'll look right now yeah they're just
they're already started at it
Wow
it's getting in my eyes and I'm
complaining
Adam wait that was it Adam Cooper we get
here I mean we got to see fireworks but
it ended at the time that he said it was
supposed to start you ah Adam but we met
laeng yeah look to the Toronto sign
where oh yeah for the hand am games
going on here okay guys well that's all
I got for you for today I'm back at my
hotel room we're gonna watch some TV oh
it's hurt so have a turn at little sort
of stone here anyway I must stay here
probably go to sleep I'm pretty tired
and then start a new day tomorrow so
hope you guys enjoyed and I will see you
guys again soon no by the new thing to
do with friends when you have friends
over is if you're gonna ride this you
got to invite over another friend that
has another one now now we can go be
really cool and really nerdy at the same
time I feel like this is like one of
those like we got we got good good good
regardless of saying anything it's kind
of just like you ride past so and you're
like I'm cooler than you but at the same
time and a lot nerd really cute
