hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
trying to figure out how to shoot at the
Dairy King video before I actually I'm
leaving tomorrow morning to go to
Toronto Canada and a lot of you guys
live over there so maybe I'll bump into
some of you guys but I'm trying to
figure out how to shoot it and Brendan's
like oh you know I'm gone for the day so
he can't even shoot it my friend Greg is
coming over maybe he could shoot it but
who do I do the video with I'm like I'm
freaking out here I don't even know
what's going on but we'll figure out
what today is what's happening today
worse comes to worse maybe I'll try to
do it in Toronto I want to make sure I
get you guys a video I'm trying hard I
am just bear with me the new thing to do
with friends when you have friends over
is if you're gonna ride this you got to
invite over another friend that has
another one now now we can go be really
cool and really nerdy at the same time I
feel like this is like one of those like
we got we got gub-gub yeah bit
regardless of saying anything it's kind
of just like you ride past so and you're
like I'm cooler than you but at the same
time and a lot nerd here thank you
mmm we decided we decided to go ride
these around on 3rd Street go ahead
we're really cool watch out it's gonna
close on you oh look okay let's get onto
one
we're youwere taking these out hey
what's your name
Jake Jake watch the vlogs yeah just
watch you watch are you just watching
last one yeah well it Harvey is that the
one here look let's rub picture oh here
I'll get out I'll get off of this thing
we're at a puzzle zoo we're actually
where I got this thing a monster wheel
and they have these new things rocket
skates they look really scary but
apparently they're faster than this and
rechecking about race' yeah I'm just
gonna as soon as I start going fast on
this I get like my speed wobble I'm like
busy it's like it's like a gas pedal
yeah push down you can go faster but if
you're blankly your foot looks sensitive
so it goes out just slow down I like
speed well
so much time your dollar ting Eric you
know will eventually know will actually
be walking right Zach that's that's the
goal ya know when I've been using this
for a while and I get off even on this
it's a lot but I thought just has the
problem that you these do which is like
you start going to stop and die it is
because it's like your toes are exposed
you can kind of like fall off bit yeah
so not to that's who's scared
yeah they're like super-powered Healy's
well it was kind of short-lived because
Greg and I got kicked out now these are
no longer allowed on Third Street we
just got kicked off the third street for
riding these so we head back to the car
we're back at my place now Greg wants to
try doing like a handstand on this
little put pressure see here go go for
it you could kind of do it oh no you got
it just try to go slow don't just jump
up to it like hold your hands down slow
not gonna happen
just you can't do a handstand on it is
it comfortable though oh I guess it just
works on your feet if it's meant for
your feet put your feet on it I'm
packing right now for Toronto and I'm
getting my clothes together here I hope
that I it's not too hard to pick
something to wear while I'm there it's
either you know the black shirts or
black jeans have to wear black socks and
black boxer briefs I mean now probably
while I'm there I end up just probably
picking the black one that seems like
the best one other than much I know I'm
gonna get a lot of comments too Sam
why is always black why are you wearing
black why why don't you just try when
other colors well you know it's cuz I
like wearing black I just gotta say one
thing if someone tells you guys to
change something that you like I hope
you don't do what you like and on that
note I'm gonna end it why because I want
to go to bed early so I can wake up
early and go to I gotta go to the
airport around 7:00 in the morning yeah
to go to Toronto which I'm excited about
because see all my relatives live in
I don't know if you guys know but I I'm
also I have dual citizenship Canadian
American both my parents were born in
Toronto and they're all their family
still lives there so we're only one of
the bunch
who's out in LA I was born in LA but I
have my roots back in Canada so we're
going to Toronto tomorrow and I hope to
see a lot of you guys there cuz I know a
lot of you guys live there but I gotta
finish packing up my stuff getting ready
and on that note we'll see you guys
again soon goodbye
be like that yeah
it probably feels really good on his
guns he's in like the last stages of
teething still he likes to chew on
things
he's going to get what he wants
