hey guys it's a new day and we're all
hanging out oh hi Luke hello hello I'll
out that way John enjoy
whoa I love it how it's just been like
an ongoing joke now that like whenever I
vlogs someone has to sort of sleep with
the camera with but we're about to start
off the day with its lunch time it's not
breakfast we're about to start it off
with a pizza and jazzy music yeah it's a
jazz yeah and seven could hold you
heavily don't don't where is it where is
it oh yeah okay if you get a Caesar
salad whoa focus focus baby focus if you
get a Caesar romaine lettuce parmesan
Caesar dressing and seven croutons
repairs of only six no I don't you doin
G
look at where you can I went to go by
Harvey some food because you needed it
and I always every time buying food I
always get him a new toy as well so I
looked at this the hardcore fire hose
it's made out of actual like the fire
hose that firefighters reduce oh my god
he's going crazy because he wants it you
like this you liked if you want it you
want it you want it go get it go get it
right bring it bring it bring it bring
it bring it he's gonna go bring it on
the couch to go play with it yeah
slow step up there you go play with your
new fire hose I'm happy that he loves it
just sometimes I bring him a gift and
he's like yeah it's okay be like that
yeah it probably feels really good on
his gums using like the last stages of
teething still she likes to chew on
things
he's going to get what he wants it's
also really hot out here now during the
summer so I wanted hardly have a nice
place to cool off I bought him one of
these Oh kiddie pool you'll have a
little kiddie pool oh there you go
here's your kiddie pool I'll fill it up
for you in a little bit okay okay but
you're checking out my check it out
either they go in good oh I thought he
was gonna just go in and chill with
nothing in it come on yeah but are you
gonna have pool i wish i had a pool oh
what's happened to water hello oh you're
getting all wet buddy yeah Harvey this
isn't for you to drink water buddy okay
well guess you're free thirsty Go Go re
going you don't want to after all that
you don't want to go in I'm excited to
play a drinking game oh did you think
dude we do what did you want to say
something are you trying to talk now you
can floors yours floors yours what do
you want so you don't talk about
something so uh let's play a drinking
game go sad oh yes it's just gotta drink
another look no grab I'm are drinking
yeah one wanted to get you stop stop
this time
you got a stager whoa drink drink it
take the tank you take Randy drink it up
all right we're down at a Santa Monica
Pier and I'm Thursday nights during the
summer they have the Twilight concerts
concerts under the stars and every week
is different to music and we're all
coming down here too they pack up the
beach on the side of the pier and blast
the speakers out there and it's a fun
time looking all the people out there
you are
you'll see all the people we start to
get closer but the speakers in the
concert is up on the thing right there
and it's really cool
we got to find a slot to put our stuff
down there's someone giving out free
Froyo in this thing it's good enjoying
it getting past it we're going to find a
place to go I'm sure it's where they
would need for you guys hard the concert
ended up being fun it was a kind of dark
so I couldn't really shoot much but now
we're back look who's here mister
brandoni you and welcome yeah I busy
nobody well not much is going on we're
just gonna hang probably watch TV hang
out do whatever and then I'm tired I
just want to go to bed I don't wanna I
want to go out don't want to do anything
I just honestly I so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and it's all I got for
you so i will see you guys again soon
goodbye I did it to go someone's table
and dance their way across Allah and
lioness the lion oh yeah
this is the line there do you ready you
ready hey what is that it is cute aha
wow I really hurt my knee
