hey guys it's a new day today and we're
heading out right now to go shoot one of
Romans videos you guys can see all
behind the scenes of that on his I'm not
gonna vlog that and then we'll be doing
more stuff later on that I'll tell you
guys about a minute
but that's where we're heading right now
we're heading to go meet Christians
gonna help shoot it and everything and
then we're do that should be fun we just
finished shooting for Romans video so
you guys check out the kind of scene
stuff for his vlog because I had left
that to him but I do have to say that my
I think I just love watching you pretty
much get beat up by a girl I'm always
happy you know I got somebody way off in
the distance ain't gonna do shit now let
me finish Romans video we're going out
and we're gonna be filming another one
of my dear V King videos featuring none
other than mr. Danny care as long as my
dears aren't getting beat up by I wish
there was I do get beat up by that let
that girl video already happen no well
we're hoping for we would we're hoping
that we're gonna get some awesome dares
and we did we're doing them so see how
it goes
we're back in my place now and
unfortunately lost a little light we had
to do it a little bit later because we
also did Romans video today so we got a
bunch of great stuff but I want it to be
absolutely amazing he's got to leave
tomorrow morning so I told him I said
you know what let's just put this on
hold and when you come back we'll finish
it up we'll throw it up but for now I'm
gonna hold on to this footage so that I
will shoot another one so that we have
another video this week but because he's
gonna leave I want to make sure that
it's great that it was that okay with
you is it I feel like you're teasing me
right now I don't like me leaving
tomorrow
so but the rest wasn't oh yeah it'll
finish that students a mad sound with
them Romans editing his vlog over there
I'm editing stuff over here I'm actually
editing we were talking and I was like
both of us kind of realized like we
don't know what we're gonna finish up
the stair video so we could always put
all the work back into putting more
dares and stuff like that might as well
still release what we did so I'm about
to show you guys some of the dares we
did today they aren't they are like
super amazing but I think that they're
fun I had I was laughing my should let
me know what you think of them check
them out
to snapchat skateboard you know see I
can check this out for a second
yeah let me just check this
okay okay
I still skateboard like you wanna fight
Hey
what I can't be your girl
this is the line I really hurt my knee
so what do you think of that I thought
it was pretty funny obviously it's not
like a full videos worth and if you
notice there's Roman did two of them
we're actually I'm because your comments
I'm trying to now put more than just one
dare each in these videos I want to put
some more content in them so we'll get
it started and that's just some content
to look forward to a video I actually do
it Roman but I'll make sure to try to
get one up this week with someone else
while he's got well time has come this
this man's going to sleep and I don't
feel like waking up in the morning
because he's leaving really what time
you had to leave yeah that's like six
something too early no way that way
tonight tonight is the big goodbye now
not tomorrow thanks for hanging this
week there's five star hotel you got
five star Mandel yeah exactly and you
got a cameraman out of it yeah your
pranks gonna be sake that okay well
now you like how did I first but you you
like yeah okay right okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching and
I had a great time
Roman so I hope you guys enjoyed these
vlogs that I've had with him he's going
back so it'll just be me again I know
all of you are very disappointed but
it's okay cuz we're gonna have a good
time
well have some fun I'm going away this
weekend I'll tell you guys we're very
soon you guys to find out and we'll have
fun wherever we go so on that note I
will see you guys again soon goodbye
oh yeah how much you can hide that just
a little heinie you see I can't believe
you bought two opens hey no no tell me
tell me you didn't buy two ahem let's
see two other one maybe that's why the
alarm went off
dude that's why the alarm went off
that's pretty sick yeah there's they're
so cool
