hey guys it's a new day today I just I'm
just getting back from the gym I don't
know what Romans doing he sees something
enjoyed something in my apartment let's
see we're going up we're going out we're
here right here people done hmm mr.
Roman oh hello
he's in Narnia we call that room because
it's in a cabinet I guess the cabinet in
Narnia yeah
I've been reading comments from
yesterday's vlog already it's still
early in the comments but a lot of you
guys have been asking about this which
you have been a lot this is what it's
called it's a monster wheel hi Harvey
every can I show them it's called a
monster wheel and at the moment you
can't order them online you other
companies you can but if you go down to
3rd Street Santa Monica get that puzzle
zoo but a lot of you guys have been
saying that you guys thought this one
was the io hawk it's not the io hawk and
which costs like 1,600 bucks which is
ridiculous I'll tell you why is this is
actually the newer model of what you've
been seeing everyone ride they've been
riding a what's called m1 this is an m3
so these pads are soft so that it's not
like you don't feel every bug which is
hard because of the gyro you'll end up
falling and it's a little bit bigger
wheels and bigger platform makes a much
more comfortable ride they also sell the
other one though the smaller one for 600
and this one they sell this one if I
think 700 which is great and a lot of
you that have seen other youtubers say
oh you could find it on blah blah like
Ali Baba for example that's a wholesale
site from China
you have to buy like I found this exact
model on there for however much less
than what it is here the problem is is
you have to order like five to ten
minimum then you got to pay import tax
because it's a commercial item you have
to pay to brand them as your own company
you have to pay like all this stuff it
is from China that's how import works
all set and done the fact that they're
offering it for 700 is actually with
market price and everything if you
understand economics is it's a really
really fair price so if you guys want
this one go down to puzzles I'm on Third
Street and check it out monster wheel
they're not paying me a dime to say this
I just love it and you guys have been
asking so there you go whoo and drag you
to the converse store so he can get some
shoes Oh
versus in like a skull check this out
look so sick all I've really where's
Thomas anyways so that's it did you have
to put that together I didn't it was
actually here when I think
I don't know it pretty cool though
actually I don't like a black and white
my Blues Brothers heungsu yeah it is
cool it's sick can you see that I know
right look at it through the camera oh
yeah it actually looks better for you
guys and then it doesn't person looks
like oh I would do this at my place
because all I was calm we're at lunch
now Barney's Beanery decided they have
like they're known for their chili here
and they have sampler powders to be
Platts platter
that's what's gonna happen example a
that you could have check this out all
of them to taste you got a club sandwich
yeah pretty awesome I know one of them
they don't tell you which ones which one
of them so firemen's show you wanted to
find out what was just trying to get us
out we're at Best Buy now because we've
been looking for I've been looking for a
place that carries the new GoPro I
wanted to put in what are you carrying
dude what people with a camera
so you just stick it on your door and
you I bet you could in its Wi-Fi you
can't look at that don't worry about its
adora a video doorbell I don't I can't
really use it doorbell I have a elevator
but well actually I can't use a doorbell
I just anyway we want the new gopro
hero4 session and I called Best Buy the
closest one to me and I was like do you
have it now I can't we actually a fuse
so both Roman one one that I wanted one
so we're gonna go I see wait look she's
taking away
bringing us that new GoPros
right here yeah this is the receipt oh
please don't want them no security tabs
on there cuz that thing that yeah
on what don't it's the fire hose it's
gonna spray you here they are sir thank
you thank you
hey you want to pull one out I want to
see it I just wanna look cool to
describe it describe it in like but yeah
you know like I really wanna know
wait yeah check it oh he's gonna take it
out right you get taken up no he's not
gonna take it out yes how much you can
hide that just what hi any you see I
can't believe you bought - oh hey no no
tell me tell me you didn't buy - ahem I
see - oh maybe that's why the alarm went
off
dude that's why the alarm went off
that's pretty sick yeah there's there's
so cool you guys know my favorite place
a long time cream barbecue we got
nothing here he's never been I'm scared
and now he's watching the meat go items
like wow it's not chicken fingers and
fries I'm freaking out no out
yeah looks good right yeah verdict
and we got more cooking like a movie and
I love it
this is nuts check out the size of this
new GoPro hold on let it focus come on
focus there look at that
it's tiny it's tight what are you doing
there I came from the Walmart
oh yeah you get to stick it in there
yeah
it's so small and the cool thing about
this is you don't need to get like a
housing to put it underwater this camera
can just go underwater and it has front
mic and back mic so if it gets windy in
the front it'll just automatically
switch to the bet to the mic in the back
and vice versa it's just it's really
cool ok guys well that's all I got for
you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching and I'm really excited
to try that GoPro and to do some fun
stuff with that hopefully I have a
pretty busy day planned tomorrow so I
think that should be fun you guys will
definitely come along and on that note
I'll see you guys again soon
do mine well the the Ohio boy is gonna
sleep yeah we're having an Atwood
slumber party what are you doing to my
dog
