hey guys today is a new day and I feel
like it's well one thing I'm waiting to
go pick up Roman soon because he's
actually gonna be staying here for a few
days
so that would be some some fun vlogging
time and hopefully I get him to do some
Dairy King stuff if he has some time I
know he's a busy guy so we'll see but
that'd be cool to get him to do a dare
me king video for my mother channel you
guys are loving that one see well it
seems like it I read in the comments and
I was scared to put it up I was like I
don't know if they're gonna like it but
I had so much fun doing it that I was
like I kind of want to do it regardless
of whether they like it or not and I'm
happy you guys are supporting it because
I had so much fun doing it with that
said a lot of you guys always asked me
what is up with your intro to how I
start my vlogs with the hey guys today
is a new day the reason I say today is a
new day
yeah Alex no shit today's a new day
yesterday was yesterday
tomorrow's tomorrow today is a new day
well the reason why I say it is kind of
a mentality that I use for myself that I
like it I've never explained it to you
guys but I'm always the type to worry
about what's gonna happen one of what if
what this happens what if that happens
or oh my god I can't believe I did that
or I said that yesterday or anything
like that the thing that I really have
to get through my mind all the time and
my dad's always been telling me this
it's focused on not only what's going on
today what's going on right now so don't
worry about what you did yesterday cuz
you can't change that and don't stress
about what you know might happen
tomorrow because that's out of your
control right now
you're not in tomorrow all you got to do
is live your your live your life today
today's a new day let's have fun let's
do whatever I don't know what's in store
but whatever comes comes and we'll just
handle it as it as it comes so that's
how I live my life stay happy doing that
and hopefully you guys can give that a
shot
if you don't already do that so I'm
gonna go ahead to the airport pick up
mr. Atwood
I'm gonna take this because if he takes
a while at least I get to park at the
parking lot and go roll around keep
myself occupied because airport is never
a fun place to hang out I just got to
the airport in part and wheelin we land
we land a deal and waiting for him I'm
but I think he just landed so I'm just
waiting on this call and tell him where
he is
where I am find out where he is tell him
where I am and we will meet I still
don't like the airport literally
something has to go wrong every time
I
deal with the airport or anything either
there's snow in there pick me up or
anything
rope keeps Kaali over and over again and
for some reason I can hear him but I
can't hear a word I'm saying so I'm
trying to text it we can't figure it out
because you can't hear anything I'm
saying so hopefully applying me I'm just
well we're going hopefully he sees me
just like to glide the grog man oh I see
him he's on the other side of the bus
he's on the other side of the bus hello
I was riding around
I gotta get him one of these well we
decided to get 17 and we just said
because of our different time zones I
love we just wanted to like really skew
things so I'm at dinner and he's at
tomorrow's press always at my dinner
yeah I'm always impressed with the
things I chicken but what is that see
it's quinoa black quinoa
black beans quinoa jerk chicken and
plantains I'm such a plain boring movie
if it sounds different I'm gonna order
the same thing I love putting different
things in my browser I build your fan no
way and they didn't have a box fan so
you got this but you got to build it it
just makes it fun well the Ohio boy is
gonna sleep now we're having a nap would
slumber party what are you doing to my
dog this scratching his head grab
handfuls of your dog so much yeah he
said was totally stop she's stupid
Alex was everything Oh his shadow he'll
he'll dive it dive into a wall because
he's like Oh screw that affliction
he's trippin that really he's really
intelligent come on Harvey come on I'm
time you should have named them lines
just bad I'd sigh that's what his name
should be ok yeah it's 213 in the
morning well it's not here so I'm stuck
now that he's asleep there's someone
else for me to hang out with mr. Brandon
sauce what kind of sauce what's I don't
like now that he's asleep you can have
all of this you're going home okay
Harvey's gonna go he wants 200 his slow
get up on the couch just look you got
Harvey okay guys well that's all I got
for you everywhere Brandon left Romans
sleeping everyone's sleeping time to go
to bed I gotta wake up even this little
man like that pillow I gave you yeah I
just dropped a pillow off my bed and he
was like I'll take this I'll just sleep
right there you are too bad
up to you well I'm gonna go to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys soon goodbye I just
did something I would never ever do you
told me like hey oh I'll give you some
way to do it I would've been like no but
the whole point of this channel is I'm
i person on it I'm not brave I'm not
anything and and my whole life is I've
been wanting to do something do stuff to
try to push me out of my comfort zone so
this this channel the Dare stuff is here
to make me do things I wouldn't normally
do so I'm going to push myself do crazy
stuff oh my god I can't wait for you to
see what I just it's disgusting
