hey guys it's a new day today I've got a
bunch of cool things in store for it but
first things first we have we have a new
guest in town the new guest in the
apartment the new guest in the Mandel a
vote and he goes by the name Oh Pete put
Pete hey watching YouTube video ok ok ok
my easy I'm busy watching this video I
got it ok ah no it's just you're just
like trying to drop yeah yeah my way
right don't you know you don't mess with
somebody when he's watching his YouTube
video
god no serious oh yes so that means we
have some fun videos he's actually
heading out right now to go to a meeting
but when he comes back we're going to
have myself did I want to show you guys
something I was just doing some work on
my bike check this out that my friends
the original exhaust which means the
only thing that could be on the bike now
is this brand new sleek and sexy Cobra
exhaust it has just a little chrome tips
but I love it I think that looks so
clean right there with the tip with the
exhaust like that it used to sound like
a lawnmower now you got to hear the way
that this thing's out we're going to
start it up and bring it out to the
alleyway Llewelyn here
that's better
after watching a bunch of YouTube videos
seems that the best way is to bump
started which is to get it rolling in
second gear with the clutch on Ridge is
going to push me we're going to go as
fast as possible I'm just going to
release the clutch while I push the
starter hopefully start give it a little
throttle and then re-engage the Clinton
I don't really know I'm scared but let's
give it a shot I grab my gear I went
around for a drive for about thirty
minutes to recharge the battery now I'll
be able to show you what the exhaust
really sounds like but here is how it
sounded before now here's the new
exhaust
I'm sure you guys can hear the
difference there I think it sounds so
much sexier one thing that you I know
you can't tell just because when I was
watching videos of the exhaust before I
even bought it you really can't hear how
loud it is to give you guys commented
you can hear me say whoo whatever at the
end of that my voice is like much lower
than it all the neighbors down my street
can hear what it's on it's definitely
louder than I thought it would be
because the videos I've watched so I
know it so well yeah but I love it the
original reason why I wanted it was not
only to sound sexy but people were
pulling out because they didn't hear
when I was close to my old exhaust and
now it's also much safer that other
people on the road could hear me
something just came in the mail that I'm
really excited about because it's
perfect timing
Pete is coming back we were thinking
about going to dinner but we don't need
to go to dinner because hellofresh just
arrived and if you guys have been
watching you know that I absolutely love
hellofresh and have done tons of videos
with them for those you that don't know
what hellofresh is it's a service that
sends you all the ingredients you need
perfectly measured out super fresh so
that you could cook your own dinner and
have no waste let's see what they sent
for recipes this time oh this is another
apron it is another apron I have I
ordered this a lot okay I have apron
after apron after I like this isn't just
me talking to you guys about this is
something that I actually use and that's
why I like to share with you guys it's
just it's just fun and how all the meals
and hello fresh are really good the
shipping is actually free and this is
ice frickin cold solid solid block of
ice right here can make the sizzling
Southwest chicken the Italian meatloaf
or the cherry balsamic pork chops
I'm gonna do sizzling Southwest chicken
I think that looks really good
let's make dinner
what and I'm done
that took me under 30 minutes and they
say that all the recipes only take up to
around 30 minutes so I mean it Anna
filmed it and I'm rocking it and I think
Pete's going to like it he's on his way
back right now so then the real true
test is the taste test but I I like this
because I know that he specifically said
he wanted a healthy dinner tonight
we had burgers earlier you had your
eating had on those that made you dinner
yeah I didn't know you can cool
that's really nice well now you got to
mess it up by putting it in your body
that was beautiful enjoyed it good no no
no I worked so hard on this for you oh
yeah I got a wine and dine you I'm gonna
let you take the first bite all right
she had to be honest mmm right that
chicken a real quote yeah mm-hmm yes wow
you already almost okay he is eating
this I gotta get to mine I'm going to go
I'm gonna take my first my first bike
check-in and everything you know really
good with all this what with that better
after oh my god everything's yet
everything in this is really good the
combination of the sweet potato the
peppers and the feta it is awesome and
doing that at home
I mean like 100% like serious like this
is delicious and the Southwest chicken
is also like this is good this is really
good
hello fresh doesn't require me to say
that this food is good and every review
of it is my own and I'm telling you I
really love it that's why I continue to
get hellofresh whether it's on the blog
off the vlog I suggest that you guys try
it too I am going to put a link down the
description below so you guys can go
directly there and you could use my
promo code Alex Mandel 30 to get $30 off
your first order which is awesome possum
so here's the promo code right here
thank you so much hello fresh response
during this and Pete's about finish so
let me get back to my meal be good yeah
had a dessert wrong said no dessert
hello brush Pete went off to sleep
because he's got to wake up early in the
morning and I should be going to bed too
I know that it may seem like a lot of
you going to be like oh it seems like an
ADD I actually love cooking videos I
hope you guys enjoy this maybe there's
more of it whether hellofresh sends more
or we just come up with other stuff are
on our own I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that let me know if you like
these cooking videos because I really do
love to cook so it might be fun to
incorporate more of that and that is all
I got for you I also want to show you
that exhaust that's sexy frickin exhaust
so there'll be more videos to come with
Pete now the use of town and I will see
you guys again soon
goodbye
my turn to try
oh dear where's the lawn service uh your
life
