hey guys it's a new day of course it is
cuz every day sir hey and how're you
how's it going Harvey's hanging look
who's here we have mr. maxnosleeves me
we have okay we're gonna be filming
today for the Alex Mandel channel
finally we're doing something I'm not
really going to tell you exactly what
we're doing why because I don't really
know exactly what we're doing but
Brandon's gonna be out shooting this one
hey mister cameraman brainless Brandon
Brenda wit sleeps oh how everyone stands
away with you so we're gonna be going
out and doing some crazy deer stuff
that's what it is for the King stuff on
Alex Mandel channel and I don't really
know how it's going to go but I'm
looking forward to it i'm excited to
finally start doing that and hopefully
it'll be up soon and i will keep you
guys updated let you know what's going
on with that we're down here next to the
pier getting ready to shoot this thing
yeah by the yoga area yogurt yogurt area
to see why we're looking for people but
this video fine i'll let you guys know i
just did something I would never ever do
told me like hey I'll give you some way
to do it I would have been like no but
the whole point of this channel is I'm a
shy person not if I'm not brave I'm not
anything and and my whole life is I've
been wanting to do something do stuff to
try to push me out of my comfort zone so
this to this channel the Dare stuff is
here to make me do things I wouldn't
normally do so I'm going to push myself
to do crazy stuff oh my god I can't wait
for you to see what I just
that's disgusting okay look it's mr. 716
big miss checking in with the 18 all the
way from New York down in Santa Monica
about the Popoff low freestyle feel
check it now if I spit a few balls to
keep the crowd warm don't get excited
the nasty falls pirate mozzie the giant
just might decide to fly these hot lines
the form and alignment calling our
clients and customers to cut but I'm
writing whatever the climate thunder
storm hurricane Brian officer Isaac
called him slipping reach for the Iron
Monkey shots fired half a dozen dumped
in his diet papi much for more quiet all
attention with silence in this
environment we live in some recommends
I'm just call it how I see it jumping
off like the Allen for phones revolving
snitches get involved and start dying
lying to cover up they own dirt
committed when climbing hello I'm like a
vaina reciting island on diving hotting
up in Nevada underwear Donna was talent
flagging the chick Karen fussing in the
hall over Aaron tires skirted out merkin
off nostrils flaring but Joel I gotta
keep my cool and move straight like the
Baron yeah dollars yeah yo max just
finished his dare get there by these
guys was pretty said you guys will see
it in the video what he did here but he
got yelled at actually so i think it was
good well
shooting I'm excited
I don't know if the video is up I'll let
you guys know in a second I'm going to
be any thickness and we'll see him up
with the video up baby keep watching the
blog and you'll see what's up but right
now we're celebrating with some salad
yeah salad time you happy with your
salad now we're men
yeah how was your salad hated one bite
yeah but do you think it went well the
salad solution L do you think the
filming went left from filming yeah oh
yeah we did you enjoy it did you
arrested we're get fingers fingers
bishop brother washer you go you tell
what you tell them then you tell them on
this you don't tower they can to a
lawyer I'm kidding alright so we can
serve ourself beer excited you're
excited if you guys watched my sisters
whisper challenge on her channel and you
know that I have to do the punishment I
lost and I got up where the cat onesie
so I got to put it on here at the
restaurant so we can walk over 30 well
I'm not going to change into it on Third
Street so I got seen into it here I
guess we're walking with it well I'm in
this in the suit Riley here hold this
besides there he is I see a guy over
there offering free hugs I'm gonna see
if he's okay with hugging this yeah let
me just go in for free hugs Oh
police officer right here that he likes
this
hold this come up
yes
we are
on the table you can leave any donation
oh I could get free hug signs
I just finished the punishment and I had
to dance for tips on third so you go
check it out on my sister's channel life
with youtube.com slash life with jackie
ashe got dollar from none other than
someone on the aging thank you so much
what's your name Hector Hector Anna
thank you so much save me save me let's
go take a picture i'm back at my place
now i got changed out of this outfit get
everything done and make sure all this
stuff gets edited i have to edit three
different things sign i'm gonna get i'm
helping my sister with the punishment
thinks I'm gonna go send that to her she
has that do my vlog and the video i did
with max today so i gotta get to work
edit all those things get them out as
much as possible and i am going to edit
the first king video right now so go
check in the description below for the
link to the very first dare me king
video and go show it some love yeah yeah
show it some love and i'll see you can
check out the punishment on my sister's
channel youtube.com slash life with
Jackie so on that note I hope you guys
enjoyed and I will see you guys again
soon goodbye hello let's do all super
suave yup then I'm playing I need to try
that you can you try right now hello by
the way wow that's up that's a big bag
yeah I bet you could fit a lot of stuff
in there all my gear yeah
