hey guys it's a new day today oh really
what we got in store although I kind of
do because my sister's on her way over
cuz we're gonna do her very first
challenge video for her channel so we're
gonna be filming that she's gonna upload
there you can check that out her channel
youtube.com slash life with Jackie so
you can check it out there and we
haven't done it yet so I can't tell you
how it went but I'm sure it'll go really
well also chase is on his way over I
haven't seen chasing wild he's in LA so
I told him he has to come over because
we should hang out and you know play
twister or something no he's on his way
we're gonna do some fun stuff film some
fun stuff and hopefully have a great day
so let's do it
who are you waiting for buddy wee wee
fool do you smell chips
do you smell chase I do it's if it's a
very pungent smell hello super suave you
dry right now
hello by the way wow that's a--that's a
big bag I bet you can fit a lot of stuff
in there all of my gear yeah boom Oh Oh
Harvey you know 70 pounds out lunch well
I don't want to get lunch he still wants
breakfast
what time is it right now it is it's
after 1:00 he wants an omelet or
breakfast or something and that's fine
because swingers has breakfast all of us
I like bacon and eggs and if I have a
I have to have hot sauce Tabasco they
have that yeah we can do that okay if
you've had drinks the night before eggs
Tabasco bacon cure for everything I
didn't drink I'm just gonna have lunch
but enjoy it our lunch last breakfast at
all we went to swingers it's good I
guess you guys are probably getting
tired of seeing my my meal every time
anyway so if we skip wedding here and
there so I'm that big of a deal but
we're gonna we're walking back to my
place now my sister's already there and
I have a challenge for you you're gonna
shoot it for me Chase is gonna shoot it
and then hopefully it turns out great
well look who's here
it's the chunk ster chunky monkey yeah
she's trying to tell you a nice is it
their first time in Italian is yeah yeah
she likes it okay well Harvey it's his
first time soon how do you like it hmm
yeah it's good for teething cuz it's
cold
we're getting ready to do the whisper
challenge and for those of you that
don't know the whisper challenge you'll
figure it out when you watch her
challenge it's a really funny one there
needs to be phrases that are written
Riley's gonna write the three phrases
that I'm gonna use her friend Jackie's
gonna write the three phrases for Jackie
and we'll do it and whoever loses this
challenge this is the fun part has to
wear this cat onesie and go down to
third Street and dance until you get a
tip and that's that's the punishment so
I really hope I win but uh well here we
go we're setting up the camera you
really hope I win you want to do it
let's you can do so we just finished the
challenge I think it went really well
I'm not gonna tell you what the outcome
was or who won or anything like that
you'll have to go to her channel it's
just youtube.com slash life with Jackie
and I'll put a link to the challenge
video in the description below so you
guys can check it out but there you can
see who wins and who loses and the
punishment will come up soon will be a
follow up video on her channel as well
so make sure I think I'm gonna I think
you get it's your challenge and
everything I'll show them I'll show you
guys what it will look like but the main
content will be on her channel so make
sure you go check that out and yeah I
think it's a good video I don't know if
you guys remember my vlog I was showing
you how I was doing like with my tongue
and I was doing it to Abby and she
randomly started doing this watch this
Rae
during
if she was doing better there you go
that was a good one that's a hard thing
to imitate yeah I should give it a self
yeah that's a hard thing name of T that
was good Abbi that was good
say thank you thank you so we're in
sunglass hut and that girl wants to get
some glasses well there's a regular pair
so I could use it and the cool thing is
he's he was he was looking at the polar
as much as not polarized lenses and he
was wondering what the difference was so
they have this check this out
so this ready look
right no real difference and then if you
get a poor answer
that it's actually really cool hold on
yeah there we go
pretty well that's cool see now now Phi
but polarized lenses I would buy this
wall too
since I could do that can you make my
pause videos on YouTube that only people
of color has glasses can watch like that
yeah
if you haven't been here before they
take you to the kitchen of your first
time in hasn't been here yeah he said he
wanted
we had a great time
chasin as date night yeah I five bro
yeah Oh bro venture I like that I like
that you know what happens if we add
someone to it it's an adventure
bro adventure I have this on my finger
so that means no adventure dude we could
share her oh cool so yeah he's heading
out he's picking him up right now and
then we'll probably hopefully meet up
all he's hidden here in LA for the next
few days he's busy so we'll see but
hopefully if you would love to hang with
us I would love to text you and give you
the opportunity to come here I would
like that
how much okay I'll see you oh don't run
into Kimi she's trying to use the
monster reel okay okay guys well
everyone's gone I'm tired I'm gonna go
home I'm shooting something all day
tomorrow and it's exciting and I'll tell
you more about that in tomorrow's vlog
but yeah I'm shooting everything
tomorrow that I want to shoot I really
want to tell you now but I will so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching I really
enjoyed hanging with Chase it's been it
was good to see him I haven't seen him
in a while and someone else will be
coming to hang Monday and yeah so get
excited for that you'll see who it is
and on that note make sure you go to my
sister's channel youtube.com slash life
with Jackie check out the challenge
video and I'll also put a link in the
description below make sure you check
that out and let her know if you want us
to do more of them cuz I had fun doing
it and it's cool she doesn't on her
channel so don't check it out and I will
see you guys again soon
good night
