hey guys it's a new day here in Santa
Monica why didn't walk it away hi I
think it's because she could smell my
stuff and yeah we're on the pier today
hanging out spend time she's never been
on the pier yeah she got herself a
selfie stick now she now she fits in
show us your selfie stick oh yeah
we're going to go on some of the rides
here and hang out and do the tourism
experience we've made nine of these
young girls the only thing I managed to
get is two wieners of course right are
you surprised that i only got my wieners
no I needed one got to two wieners are
better than one
I did win that for you nothing that's
because she's a loser
I'll teach you later in it get out
leader sorry oh my god
we're going on the boat right now you're
scared
hello whoa they're sending us around
again one more time
here's bring a whole bunch of little
faith and she was the only winner seen
Betty yeah I got a big assign a de tu tu
con you all night Harvey Harvey where
you going where you going Harvey Harvey
Harvey Harvey Harvey oh oh we found the
lady you free on the leaders are you
checking out your looks in my mirror
yeah we decided to go to Krispy Kreme
cuz Krispy Kremes birthday and I'm a
badass look at this by any doesn't
doughnut and get a second dozen for 78
cents this is why us American
fat this is why we're fat this is why
we're packed oh thank you she said I
wasn't we actually have a higher obesity
rate in America do you but we're putting
back we're married
with American
there's a line for ya well we got our
doughnuts we were fat we hung out we had
a good time and now when ended here I
hope you guys enjoyed watching my
sisters on her way over and we're going
to be doing a challenge video for her
channel 4 youtube.com slash life with
Jackie so we're gonna be doing challenge
video for hers and that should be fun so
start up a new day I'm gonna cut this up
put it up you guys are already watching
I hope you guys enjoyed and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye this is
where you would normally see a clip of
yesterday's vlog but unfortunately while
I was editing and I usually save a clip
from yesterday I accidentally deleted it
and then made sure that once I deleted
it I emptied the trash and it was stupid
of me to do that and so now you're
getting this but let me give you a
little summary yesterday yesterday was
Brandon trying sushi for his first time
so check that out you can go look at
yesterday's blog and tomorrow maybe I'll
be a little bit more responsible and
this will be an actual clip from
yesterday's plugged but for now this
will do go check it out
