hey guys i'm here with the South
Africans yeah and look well mr. Brandon
bread doesn't he okay he's actually
doing better easy certain season like
shrimp it's not like that he's never had
just like tuna sashimi here what I
really want to retire now that i'm
vlogging just do something that you
would normally do yes I not use
chopsticks yeah we're gonna wait thank
you all the time you can even dip it in
more soy sauce so that there's nothing
even yet there's some light there go for
a walk because we know he's gonna like
it really big
okay oh my chocolate don't work you know
Brandon not together and Brandon Brandon
take a little piece that one that one a
little one hey little tuna fish no no
that just makes you know that no that's
green onion yeah get a lot of sauce and
then disappear no it's not dip it in soy
sauce and need to put the whole thing
about no no don't do that because you
want the Brandon what it's not going to
put in your mouth and eat it I'm telling
you it's good it's really good never saw
me no just eating
no yeah what do you think
no even she would eat it or swallow
swallow swallow again you really got let
go no we still whatever I'm still proud
of you for trying try wish my brain
puzzle zoo on Third Street and we're
looking they have all of these all the
gremlins don't have gizmo that's what I
wanted to get it for those of you that
don't know in the gremlins movie my dad
was the voices gizmo was the main little
cute one and they don't even have the
main one I don't have gizmo it's happy
Godzilla oh happy Guthrie ok seems happy
to have this game here I don't know
what's good bounce battle and you have
these balls and you gotta bounce them
into here we play like chick decked out
trying to get like yeah three colors and
row whatever I yeah we uh so we've been
playing and Brandon told me not to tell
you guys that we just played ten times
and I beat him every time so maybe
you'll beat me one time on camera guys
just say you know this is the first time
we played yeah okay okay I'll be white
and Alex's i'll be like i said i'll be
white yeah yeah yeah cuz you're orange
okay let me go first you want to go
first oh wait example again
for you ok my chair I got I got it
okay dokay so now I just have to get
that middle spot and i'll have the three
in a row here we go boom wow I won again
do that bro there's like twenty six
different games in this apparently or
something that's a lot of fun sorry I'm
bumping into people in case you guys are
wondering what Ashley's vagina looks
like they have an action paper here that
looks just like Donnie game you're
awesome yeah except it doesn't smell the
same so sarah has never tried gushers
that I love gushers good try one tell me
what you think you just death there you
go you can pull them apart eventually
when you become a gushers pro you just
put the whole thing is that a good oh my
goodness so good right I know we I'm
gushers so much it it's the fruity juice
yeah it gushes in your mouth quick idea
I think this just seems fun I have my
tripod here and it's on it's dolly
Harvey hard getting it I'm gonna put you
guys on it to your face in this and then
I'm also writing this and I'm going to
wheel it with this we'll see how it
looks hey get on
yeah okay here we go oh my god it's
rocking shaking the remote past
I don't think this dolly is meant to be
going this fast
he
Harvey
let's show Brandon Brandon say hi okay
guys well we went on to the new next day
new new baby Aidy I just got back from
the gym I'm gonna shower get ready do my
things start my day get this up as you
guys already watching it I actually just
woke up to hello and yeah so we're gonna
start off a new day so I'll end it here
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye we decided to go to Nobu in
Malibu hello ru hi she is on her phone i
wasn't she wasn't just ignoring me on
purpose
yeah well we have someone new and do
guess from South another South African
like take it over right now hello yeah
well are you good are you gonna
introduce her camera shy she should be
one well who is she audience laughing at
