hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
not sure what's going on but I know that
ashley is almost here she's coming to
hang out today and she's a friend and I
think another south african lady friend
is gonna come hang out as well she's
coming later and she's actually flying
in should get here at some point but now
she's coming here and then we'll figure
out some fun stuff to do we decide to go
to Nobu in Malibu hello ru hi she is on
her phone I wasn't she wasn't just
ignoring me out yeah well we have
someone new a new guest from South
another South African like taken over
right now hello yeah well are you gonna
are you gonna introduce her there with
cameras eyes
well who is she and she got in today
yeah look look and we decided to go look
at the view here for the restaurant
Nobu in Malibu we just finished eating
actually but it was like friend are you
enjoying this game your stream is funny
put your stupid camera wait stop
flinching line I got it 13 brandy skizzy
you're my jumbo what come on boy hi
shaley analysis turn here you Alex for
joy oh it's your turn you'll even burn
yeah stop it stop mistake dig you hungry
it was a chimp is what I see Saul why
you pressing it into my eyes face it in
your mouth when you get Marv a facedown
no don't give it don't let Harvey eat
this oh wow it's a new day but we're
continuing a little bit i wanna i want
to show you guys I check this out hot
look what I got it sit up here this is a
little fun time trick shots are you
hungry Sharp's Eddie let's try this oh
we can get we can get it we can get it
we can get it ready ah boom boom third
try not first right but if you want to
see some awesome first try tricks that
video i told you that i did with
maxnosleeves is finally up he finally he
finally got it up he's been trying to
get it up and you'd be here to be wicked
and he finally got it up so to see those
awesome trick shots I'll put the
description in my in i'll put the link
in my description below and yes could
check out that video i'm in that video
we did cool trick shots so if you like
that go check it out and it's a cool
video i just thought PS when you go
check out that video make sure you
comment and say Alex sent me or eight
teams here or anything you want that way
we can leave our mark on his on his
video I think that would be good that'd
be cool you doing pretty good Oh getting
calls oh don't fall come back this way
oh she's got it doing it oh he goes good
I don't know how I get sucked into this
may be like as I'm a little bitch but i
just said maybe it's because i'm a
little bitch not even like today I
needed their partner I've got my brain
he's want me to go
I'm shopping with them
at least she's not like Carrie hold her
purse I'd still have my manlihood
yeah no problem nah we have a dinner
plans in a little bit so we're just
hanging on Third Street their shopping
and hanging out until till our
reservation but I'm just enjoyed hanging
out time with them honestly going shop
is it girls the best time for me to
catch up on social media stuff if you
guys noticed yesterday you probably know
that I was really active on Twitter
that's because I'm I'm like flowing
through Twitter right now to try to keep
myself entertained it's a good time to
catch up
okay we're going up to the restaurant as
well turn around this is this is a view
to look at this wall you know it's just
so great reading I'll selfie office I
know that's hot Christ haha oh my gosh
selfish Thank You Seth you can't have
such a cool view they missed their
selfie opportunities never back down I
only just taken the view I just heard
that okay we can do this multiple times
I love this view clear we're up here now
check out this view everything the
windows ball around I've showed you guys
this before I just love it I back in my
place now and Ashley actually went to
work she works late chips and at a
restaurant and so now I'm just hanging
out but as you guys know from when I
told you a while ago I wanted to do the
whole dear thing on my other channel
just Alex Mandel channel well I want to
start doing that ASAP so how about we we
use this vlog to write to comment crazy
dares or do things you want to see me do
that dare me to do it i dare you to blow
a lot good write that in the comments
but it has to be within YouTube
guidelines so nothing that YouTube is
going to flag or else it's no fun for
everyone because then it's flagged and
God so it has to be something that
everyone could that is that YouTube will
still keep up but go ahead and dare I'm
gonna leave it there I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this vlog and i'll see
you guys again soon goodbye and people
are commenting today this is my daughter
and my granddaughter this is jackie and
happy
I'll watch out for Harvey so it's your
first time on twitch though right what
do you think it's cool right it's real
time I read a lot which is also my first
time playing this game this is I can't
do the play this first person first
person I can't do it yeah you can play
any game i play mario kart on hear
anything it's whenever you are your car
I can do yeah
