hey guys it's a new day today I'm going
down to go meet my dad for lunch we're
gonna get some lunch right now what am i
what am I not eating yeah he said he's
in the area he had a meeting I hear
something out to go meet him and started
a we have a photo for you here you're my
time on this block
I didn't ask yet I was saying hey here's
probably know just from YouTube's not
MTV is Impractical Jokers hey Mel you
are hey they were not live oh this will
go on automatic he said what is that
amaura I am I feeling nervous yeah
what do they sell these you can get this
now I think all these he doesn't sell it
it just hits yeah that's mine American I
people comprise your body yes they want
to go check out that twitch stuff I
think they'd never heard of twitch so
I'm going to show them how how that
works how to stream now you're recording
we're very excited yeah we're very
excited for the switch stuff yeah we'll
check it out and people are commenting
today this is my daughter and my
granddaughter this is Jackie and happy
Oh
I'll watch out for Harvey so it's your
first time on twitch though right what
do you think it's cool right it's really
toggle I really liked which I said also
my first time playing this game this is
I can't do the play first person first
person I can't do it you can play any
game I play Mario Kart on hear anything
it's whenever you are your car I can do
yeah
there's no better way to go shopping
combined finds more diapers for abs illa
Thank You poop
yeah CAPTCHA cooped did you mean poopy
just need some more diapers
so much fun Harvey do you like Gaby
trying to give her kisses nice to lick
your hand yeah he does like try and
don't put your hand rub keep kicking
hey-ya hey-ya
he likes to lick he could uh he could
taste the lunch she's and she was eating
a chicken chicken a chicken you could
taste the chicken you're so good you're
such a good boy you're so gentle say
doggy doggy say dougie yeah hi chicken
day we actually it was Jake with your
idea
I'll let it focus focus there we go gun
rascals chicken waffles
try to eat healthier
it's national fried chicken I got it I
got it right right we're back we're fat
we're fools
we're in food coma is it out yeah we're
yes
oh no and your little doll do here he
goes
Park it was that long Harvey Jaime come
on come on boy he just met my soul I got
mine okay all right
adios hi guys hi later goodbye Harvey
wave goodbye
what bye yup and you're not feeling well
she's not being very good she's sick
this is my camera mm it's getting pretty
late now I just turned off the TV Harvey
no more TV for us but I think it's time
for us to go to bed I know you want to
watch TV
yeah he sits there or on the couch and
just watches the TV there while I sit or
we sit together but either way he loves
to watch TV now I want to go to bed but
let me just say that my this this thing
this monster real has made me so lazy
literally instead of walking to my
kitchen with us by my feet I'd literally
just stand up from the couch
let's go Hardin's go back to the room
come on bud how's this follow don't hey
bud you careful you playing with it you
playing with it bring it over here to
the charger charge it up and it's good
to go
well I'm tired I'm gonna go to bed I'm
gonna finish here I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
hey look who's here
hello hello hi have you have you
America's birthday yeah America's
birthday market we are seeing fireworks
all over the place there's like I'm
saying all over the place can see if i
zoom in there's like all different the
frames all far away yeah but they're all
over here hopefully they'll be some
right there no are there some there oh I
see something over there there's one is
there some over here
Oh
