hey guys the new day today I'm sitting
here with mr. Jake and mr. Luke I Harvey
bulldog he's tired he got he got traias
trainer today and we're doing well he's
doing better now you just better place
for playing uh how about to end it but
we're playing we're playing some Batman
here and we're having a good time I
don't know what's deal but word we're
just enjoying ourselves apparently
there's been a thing going around on the
internet with Siri grillin people people
are she's grilling them and it's it all
started with the asking Siri what's 0/0
is if you guys have an iphone you need
to ask her to check this out hey Siri
what is 0 / 0 imagine that you have zero
cookies and you split them evenly among
zero friends how many cookies does each
person get see it doesn't make sense and
Cookie Monster said that there are no
cookies and you are sad that you have no
friends then I have no friends if you
serious I don't know why she says that
she knows I'm no threats under its it
out yeah they were like with it let's
just ever be brightness if you don't
know
there is you have no friends try that
drive phones right now my parents are in
the area now so we can cook it son eat
so I'm gonna go meet up with my parents
at a restaurant by the pier called the
lobster and I think I've been there like
once before and I remember being really
good so see but I'm gonna go meet up
with an i think it's my mom my dad
Jackie Alex and Abby I don't know if
Riley's meeting us I don't know but
we're gonna go meet up with the right
I'm gonna go meet up with them right now
and have some food look who's here
but she locally on your looks so excited
not very many people are very happy to
be on are you happy to be on it no mom
you're not very happy to be on the blog
right no you're not happy to be on the
blog right
jack is that's it every time we decided
we would do a day on the segways segways
it's like dueling banjos but we're
vloggers wait let's face this way
because you have light behind you now I
could see you I was useless turn around
perfect yeah so we're gonna I've already
been on it we rented it from here a
while ago when you saw me do it with
James barber and now yeah I'm gonna do
with the family I've been tightening we
should do it and I'm finally gonna be
able to do it front equal question
people present yeah time those ABS get
it oh lord please turn on is it more
it's really something oh yeah you're
just a I'm gonna fall that's okay
probably really windy I know I see hey
how's it gun you have a fly yeah people
are out today we just got back from
segwaying I'm sorry that was probably so
much wing I haven't put the filter on we
gotta buy one of those I have to all get
to order them online so I get one
everyone had fun my dad decided playing
sandy totally doable off the Segway FL
with that but no we did great time so
I'm not sure we're gonna go now we're
gonna go figure out some stuff to do hi
first of all right no your panties off
the second a dinosaur so you guys I just
showed you we're trying it before the
monster wheel these ones are like super
way more affordable than any of the
other ones you see and they do that they
do the same thing it's not better and
check check this out let it was mine now
it's this one's yours your guys this is
yours mine I don't don't have looking
you good sometimes okay so tux brand new
look at it comes with its own carrying
case its own
orange and black that's cool orange is
the new fun welcome to monster yells oh
gosh this is amazing this out all right
up and not only that check out this is
so awesome look at this one blue I think
it kind of looks like a refiner had
right I was going to say our Wonder
Woman Wonder Woman horse was Alex's
super their treatment kicking up Wonder
Woman like one woman's thought it looked
like Wonder Woman sometimes so now my
dad and I are gonna race cuz this is
this by understanding yeah that's what I
was its kind of spider-man so give me
like a green guy i'll put i'll put a
link in the descriptions you guys get us
out of that check it out out this one's
coming in this color black and orange
and blue and red yeah yeah p I said
wandering out right yes so there's the
one I just want to say thank you again
to monster we look at this they hooked
us up with both of them now my dad and I
could raise one of them for me one of
them for my dad and yes oh my dad's
excited about it I'm excited about it
this is so cool so thank you so much
monster for hooking it up I may take my
dad's the black and orange and give him
my vibe my blue and red not because it's
not a cool color they're both awesome
I'm just hey when do you not see me with
black
we just have the radio on to power 106
and it's playing Alex's song about just
laughing is that lemonade okay yet we've
been saying it's all integrated you guys
are looking up its black out that
Americanos explain all over radio now
and it's getting big is it look who's
here hello hello hi have you have you
America's birthday the America's
birthday mirka we are seeing fireworks
all over the place there's like I'm
saying all over the place can see if
they zoom in there's like all different
you're pretty much all far away yeah but
they're all over here hopefully they'll
be some right there no are there some
there oh I see someone over there
there's one is there some over here oh
how were you okay how old were you the
last time you peed your pants the best
thing about a party ending is the
leftovers girl got some more pastrami
and corned beef and rye bread Canter's
deli food truck we have we have a food
truck here saying that we did for uh we
have the superbowl party we got some
extra matzo ball soup up there boom boom
boom badoom we are set we are freaking
set yes okay guys well now everyone's
gone and things have gotten weird the
past few days you know that's why
haven't really seen much me but let's
come back let's bring it home hey how
are we good
I think he's tired he's been running
around so he's probably looking for a
place to cuddle up and sleep which is
exactly what i want to do so again i
apologize it has been it's been weird
but let's let's have a good let's let's
let's start let's start fresh and good
now again no I'd say that a lot but bear
with me here so yeah that's all I got
for you so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and thank you so much again to
monster real that was so sick there was
no plan in that happening we decided
like last minute to go rent segways and
the owner of monster wheel was in there
and he was like oh my god blah blah it's
so cool that you just do this and you
know my dad does his thing and I do
YouTube and he's like you guys should
totally you know rock these and I was
like yeah I've been wanting one I see
them so many places and so people ride
them it's so cool to to have one and to
be able to ride it around see ya that's
really exciting I know a lot of people
come here like you probably never gonna
walk again cuz you're just gonna you're
just gonna ride that everywhere yeah
that's probably true but I'm excited
bout that sorry I'm rambling on I will
see you guys again tomorrow Dubai every
time i watch the blossom quarter
her
that was disgusting Robin Robin sprayed
water all over my face that's disgusting
