hey guys it's a new day and I'm walking
with mr. Jake and mr. Luke hello we're
going to surprise surprise gets I to eat
that's all I doing my blog is a hungry
oh isn't it Zoe that I eat every day
I don't know anyone else that eats every
day no the weird thing is right now
we're walking down a Broadway here in
santa monica and when i first moved to
santa monica first two weeks i wrote a
really nice bike and like bicycle
I didn't know because I came from an
area where things don't typically get
someone is just like a regular like a
long thing I don't know you need one of
those like heavy-duty few locks and my
bike got stolen my fault because I
didn't have a good enough luck whatever
anyway it's been gone we were just
walking down and i'm pretty sure did we
not just see my bike I swear those two
years ago that's two years ago and this
this is my bike it's definitely but the
problem is is if I go up to the guy on
the cake like I'm sure it's not the guy
who stole I'm sure you bought it like
I'll craigslist or from someone but if I
said I'm like hey where'd you get it and
I'm like hey I think it's mine even if
you wanted me to prove it I have no
pictures of it I plc
no way of grouping that's my bike
visually and almost I'm like let's just
walk away like there's no way I can even
prove that that's my butt but I think
strong chance
I'm pretty sure oh yeah
having some Thai iced coffee one lap tie
his team but motorized jobs
let's see let's see
instead a lot of good things you can do
and one of the cool things I've never
done and I've always seen it is to come
here it's actually unlike pretty much
broadway in ocean they give you a key
it's like that that doesn't work so
we're key yoga
whoa
I don't know how much you guys will be
able to see we closed that this wheel
here once he turns off the light that
thing right there can see like a whole
360 view over here of the coat and then
you can see it like reflected on that so
let's hope you get to see let's turn off
a lot transparent turn the wheel yeah
whoa wait we're seeing trees where's the
well I went to walk around what's where
we looking at now we were at the pier of
there yeah parking lot peered you walk
it
that was super sick if you guys are
checking it out out like in santa monica
area it's this I hear camera obscura by
the beach and it's like I think it's
Jake was saying it's something like a
hundred and sixteen years old or
something I don't know I don't know how
but it's really hard and it used to be
located somewhere else until a storm
kind of destroyed it and then they moved
it up here but it was really cool never
done it before so you guys if you're in
the area check it out yeah he's got can
yeah just light it that's what it looks
like to be shot out of Jake's cannon
more girls yeah yeah nice cannon from
now that it's so Jake it's Jake catches
me on his fat jet now that it's summer
it's super PAC dude on the pier and it's
there's a lot of people here I don't
know it's a lie yeah exactly i'm driving
right now to downtown LA to go to a
comedy show you guys remember Theo von
he was the host of deal with it and he's
performing sighs doing stand-up in Rome
and actually invited me invited Roman
and I'm gonna meet up with Roman and
Brittany I don't know who else is going
I think there might be more people but I
know me up the Roman of Brittany over
there and we're gonna see the show i'm
actually not very happy with Roman right
now
because i'm driving the freeway in the
middle of rush hour it is there's so
much traffic it's unbelievable and a
little while ago he called me and he was
like hey you're gonna kill me but we ate
at bjs and Brittany's not feeling too
good and I don't think we'll go to go
and have a mic I've already been driving
for like a long time though and I was
like oh ok I mean that's fine like what
am I gonna do I'm can't get mad if she's
sick so I gotta start to get off the
freeway as I was going off the off ramp
he told me he's just kidding and it was
a joke but the problem is i was already
getting off frequent and it took me
almost 20 minutes to get all the way
around to go back on and on red so now
when i was supposed to meet them there
at seven it is now saying i'm gonna be
there around seven twenty so literally
like 20 minutes Thank You Robin I guess
we're going to like comedy show that's
its comedy Oh traffic I gotta say that
now that I'm here and we're trying to
figure this all out hi Kevin
everything tonight has like I feel like
we should never let Roland plan anything
because he said it starts at eight and
actually sets at nine he sends bill burr
I didn't see him on go on the yeah line
up and no no buddy it's not even on the
list it's a special guest yeah maybe he
is especially but now Romans not even on
the list so what this song was for foot
line you're here it was it on the list
was it stopped and ready we got it we're
a little early everyone hanging
let's find it needs right now
every time i watch the Russian reporter
that was disgusting bro Robin Robin
brain water all over my face
why wow no no one know who taught her i
was there yeah we didn't see I thought
he was freaking awesome wait I wasn't
boring at the same time yes it's blog
section oh no now you're hitting my kid
I didn't write him is one vote feel
absolutely killed it like he always does
if you guys ever have a chance to watch
the Obon live do you stand up go to it
it's everyone was crying laughing
literally crying I kept trying so funny
going into the bar food
oh I am you don't believe it tired no no
no yeah I think I'll need my cameras
will you put all of water all just Ave
in the morning light yeah this is darius
just like okay guys well it's time to go
to bed i'm tired are you tired bud yeah
you must be tired too you must be tired
too you just enjoy that yeah but ok well
i hope you guys enjoyed watching today I
had an awesome day and last night just
everything was awesome in general so I
hope it was a great experience for you
guys too i hope you enjoyed it and um
yeah that's all i got for you i guess
i'll see you guys again soon tho by
batali has never played call of duty so
i figured he would play for his first
time on untucked which perfect with you
right now twice and was something sorry
yeah it's okay when I was first playing
it was I was absolutely terrible i'm
still pretty bad counter-strike is my
shoe counter-strike is you guys how much
would you like to see Vitaly on twitch I
told me you play fifa and every night
that is a go
