hey guys it's a new day and Riley and
cam have never tried cream to one of my
favorite we're cooking it up yeah what
do you guys think so far amazing right
go on yourself and what are you enjoying
yourself they said you saw yourself that
200 oh my god actually I always get put
in a full-on food coma after korean BBQ
it's like everyone does this like slow
like uh like just with so much food it
is all you can eat I'm just a badass
badass betokens fat ass with toes do you
guys want to see something magnificent
well then let me show you the sky now it
just looks super awesome check this out
guys let it wah wah whee-wah that's
Santa Monica sky yeah looking good hey
there sexy ass skin it was like hey sky
you're looking good you're looking fine
tonight we should go to dinner we should
go to dinner sky it's clearly a new day
today and I'm disappointed with myself
as you saw we had like three Clips
yesterday I mean it's not really i'm
gonna ask jake i was like let's let's do
sign yesterday i was like let's go i
don't know let's go hangouts go do
something fun he's like no it's Sunday
night and he had a lady friend over and
he was just hanging out and I was like
okay so i texted brandon i was like hey
let's go let's go do something fun and
he was like oh well I'm really far I'm
somewhere with Hannah right now oh okay
and I asked my sister and cam and cam
was going to visit his dad hang out and
my sister was tired and I was all alone
so I I didn't do much oh I need a I need
a girlfriend so that so that these vlogs
he'll be back that's the reason no but I
went out Twitter and I posted today I
was like look guys I'm just going to
continue the vlog into the next day
because I was just going to be nothing
so
um I figured rather than just like
totally leaving you guys in the blank
and leaving you guys in the dark and not
telling you if you follow me on Twitter
you know that that's why i already
posted it but let's start up a new day
and continue on we have that food from
yesterday and and we will we will have a
vlog that's why you're watching this
Brandon's on his way over now so that we
can hang out and that's Brandon calling
I feel like that's like a trend where I
started to talk about someone and then
they call me it's like vlog deception
who are you waiting for hobby who you
waiting for huh who are you waiting for
huh it's the brother sorry there's
somebody pissed in there or it's fun
like yeah it's coming bigger thing what
party wasn't Harvey stinky how are we
get out of there it smells like pee yeah
really oh that's like a musty vinegar
it's stinky of elevated friend I decided
to go to the famous Tito's tacos hey I'm
so excited a big line out there and a
big line inside and we're gonna be
waiting for a while but I'm ready for
some tacos
Cheetos where you gonna freaking pig out
on tacos check out this order i got i
know i'm going to get a call from my
parents saying Alex you're so fat you
should eat better I just this is normal
I just want to enjoy check this out
oh my god tacos and tacos yeah
are you know choose what you don't see
is yet helia cheese to the right cheese
we also push a burrito
is it hiding i sees down there I didn't
get a braid you got tacos but
we're back from titos now and a friend
that I haven't seen in a long time came
to say hi and but Harvey's Harvey's the
most excited right now take it over
Harvey I really can't oh you want
attacking you want attack him oh here we
go here we go oh it does it through your
blog without her mother let's see let's
go gonna fuck yo Harvey just wants to
dominate the tally is Harvey I mean I'm
just there you're enjoying this aren't
you Mitali has never played call of duty
so I figured he would play for his first
time on untucked which with perfect
which right now it's Weiss and was
something sir yeah it's okay when I was
first playing it was I was absolutely
terrible i'm still pretty bad
counter-strike is my shoe counter-strike
is you guys how much would you like to
see battalion on twitch I told me you
play fifa and every like that is a go ok
what is your show and blue had it watch
it what was your show my word ok here I
think we're just shooting as your own
guy Oh probably yeah people here is my
ephone counter-strike bro ng ta a little
bit yeah GTA is fun here people play
this for a living dude yeah crazy
where's my Mountain View and chips so I
can just eat it others a guy to the
right you'd coca-cola your hot dog eat a
Coca Cola drink a glass you know
just do this all day not to you guys you
got what what do I hit oh there we go oh
I can't even have a second to aim and
she's good shooting you I'm done he then
I give her hell doesn't know I go sounds
like he loves to eat any sort of like
wind or anything it's going to space he
loves a real blow in his face okay well
Brendan's leaving adios get out get out
I'll see you I'll talk to you tomorrow
okay see it well I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that's all I got for you for
today again I apologize about yesterday
and like I said if you follow me on
twitter i will give you updates on
whether there would be a vlog or not
i'll try for every day like I've been
doing I was pretty good for like two
weeks and then I just kind of can't keep
it up I can't keep interesting stuff up
because I really I'm alone here if
people can't hang out so that enough
yeah I'll see you guys again soon
goodbye we decided to move the drinking
festivities like the wine stuff over to
the roof roof top ones hanging Oh
Brandon is your zipper down no I don't
have a Glock
that's okay it's classy I'm just kidding
more sure Harvey's drinking tea right
there at about me
