hey guys it's a new day and just took
myself a shower while mr. Jake and mr.
Luke are playing Jake show and Luke the
new Batman game Luke what do you think
of it what's brain yeah it's so sick
because I'm played the new Batman game
definitely check it out I don't really
know we have in store for today but like
always we're gonna have ourselves a good
time now I just did my hair how I how I
normally do so now you probably know
this this hairstyle here so that's how
this is intended to look and it didn't
look like this yesterday or few minutes
ago so this is the extra markup once the
wax kind of dries in my hair then
because it needs to hold it cuz my hair
wants to stick straight up so once it
starts to dry then I start running my
hands through it again to kind of take
it out and it gives it more volume and
sticks higher when it goes back but in
case any of you even care but but that's
that's the the extent of this so if any
you are saying my hair can't do that my
hair doesn't normally do that you can
make your hair do whatever you want we
decided to go to bodega wine bar to have
ourselves some wine and food we got one
going on here and some food going on
here are you turning away at once anyway
hello Brandon you finger gazing off into
the sunset we want Cheers oh yeah like
everybody in the I can't really big i
I've already had seven years no sense
listen in the other semi that's what
happened that's exactly what happened
well Cheers look at you in the eyes Wow
we decided to move the drinking
festivities like the wine stuff over to
the roof roof top ones hanging Oh
Brandon is your zipper down no I don't
have a Glock that's okay it's classy I'm
just kidding we're sure Harvey's
drinking too right there at the fountain
this guy is really cool so i got this
pink stuff and everything Brandon oh hi
18 Brandon here reporting live Santa
Monica partly cloudy chance of showers
64 degrees and a hundred percent stupid
hi good Catherine I'm the news reporter
here in LA now I'm just like to say go
fuck yourself you stupid motherfucker
you can go fucking choke on a dick and
die wow wow I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding
hey guys Hannah and Catherine here hey
doing a takeover hey I'm not awkward
this is brandon he's the awkward one
look at him saying they're know who i am
on his legs I have to introduce you this
is brandon he's 25 years old he is a
Krav Maga instructor and he works in
production and and he works in
photography he's so talented aren't you
catherine is 24 she's super hot look at
her look at that sexy girl she's wants
to pursue a career in entertainment AKA
porn no not porn and this is alex yeah
I'm he likes vlogging yeah and he's just
pretty funny he's kind of a little bit
of a comedian a little bit okay a lot of
them it was a joke a lot of bit of it a
really not even and I'm Hannah I'm 22
and I'm looking for a career in sales
this is Harvey the Harvey not sure what
I want to do yet probably potentially
insurance this is Harvey he's really
he's looking for but he is really
interested in having sex with Katherine
la look at that on fire we're just
having fun I did some shopping today and
poor brandon he is so miserable he had
to come with me shopping and he is very
Angria higher my pleasure in life no
find me anything he bought me man you
calm Eli bring the mic oh I'm covering
the mic yeah and want to say he bought
me lunch he tried to pay for myself but
I won't let him because I'm a
hard-working woman where we say hi turn
yeah fireworks I think they're a little
early for fourth of July
I'm not sure what what these four words
are for thank you for following you know
Alex that's fucking
but now it's not to go to a bar called
penthouse and I like my phone was kind
of it this is where I'm like seeing
awesome here like this i like it loud
this is voice why you call me yeah Oh
Jacob you of all price got it hey oh oh
now it's not charging oh my god keep
playing like a nerd nightmare nerd ha ha
my electronics uncharted oh my god Oh
charging charging yeah there we go there
we go now we're charging her safely and
the night the night is saved okay guys
well that's all I got for you for
today's blog I had a good night last
night we had a good amount of wine and
we tried to go out but lines were just
so long now that it's summer and
Saturday night and it was I don't like
why I just don't like to be like crowded
in tight spaces in class and kind of
claustrophobic so anyway but we had a
good night and then just kind of like
laid-back chill hung out with friends
and yeah so I hope that you guys enjoyed
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
I have a haircut I'm not like going
crazy here with my hair now now I now I
can at least like where's Jake Stern
Jake's getting it James getting it are
you are you snapping me yeah he attack
him with a vlog and he reciprocates into
a snapchat exactly history
