hey guys new day today with mr. furious
he's and he's taken that you're taking
me to meet my new trainer your new
trainer you know you're gonna get shaped
finally yeah we're gonna put you on
stage the bodybuilder yeah um we're
going to make sure alex has a six-pack
he's going to have to eat eight Lisa's
no 22 inch guns oh we gotta get a
six-pack before we get the apex okay
yeah start just like little baby steps
right now we're headed to zoo culture
brand new gym that opened up and
supposed to be really cool spring
chicken or boy the best gym ever rented
that's pretty good
zoo the best gym ever like it like it
so I told you you need to step up your
game Alex oh yeah I'm going to introduce
you to your brand-new trainer you're
going to train you four times a day
seven days a week if you're back for
it's totally cool it's totally normal
but it'll heal I'd like to introduce you
to a mr. Ravel Martin where every day is
guarantee no two inches of arm growth
the first week wait what are we starting
with arms I see what we're finishing
with what do we finish it work and then
get this in the middle deadly whoa he
just threw a twister at you now you
ready
I think so have you started today
playground right now yeah yeah right
here come on bro in jeans
you go
Oh
wait we don't start with lighter weights
than that though you just you just keep
going until you can actually lift it
yeah okay that will always be on the bar
when you come here started finally yep
you start at five place we finish at ten
plates and then you can go home yep
so right now you're going to be here for
a very long time yeah enjoy enjoy
it's work you're welcome hey buddy
I think you would like Harvey Hey
Oh
they're currently doing an eating
challenge with the Del Taco and a lift
I think I could eat del taco taco is
pretty fast I should try
come on what
Oh
I feel like I could definitely handle
more of those positives but as far as
any of them start to like cute and I
hear sound and it for me it's done I
closed the boxes like no no because I
just if I see so uncute hi I use me
alright if you guys like that I'm home
I'm full of tacos no I'm not like super
full I had to stop because you guys
completely grossed me out
it was fun though right it was fun but
accidents I think I think he was the
same way I was where as soon as he heard
you making noise or something even
though you were puking no I was just
trying to like I think there was a lot
of sour cream on my mouth and I was like
and he would gag you that I was like
fuck close and allow your slow goes up
but okay so I have a new trainer now
yeah
Rosie Martin oh yeah a new trainer oh
he's very expensive though and he cost
like for tacos a minute wow that's gonna
fit a lot of currency yeah and I want to
that wasn't funny out you probably
better wine well you know you know what
you know what I'm excited about is that
Pete left me with the parting gift part
of it he left me this one is yummy gummy
Gazans which I've had I've had like
Alton players this on this pre-workout
and this one is the sex on the beach a
lot of New York flavor really free yes a
drink
cocktail yes Sanjoy it's so ridiculous
tree game yeah I've heard that that's
why I go down the beach night Sam yeah
but he's actually heading out right now
he's about to take an uber out to the
airport to go back to Toronto he also
lets me check these out these are like
super super cool yeah focus focus check
these out
these are super sick and out of focus
there we go that's better so these super
cool silver lenses oh wow it's like a
mirror in here right yeah you guys get
to see exactly what what the awkward
hand looks like that's that awkward hand
in my eye so that's perfect it's got
like a really good tip for your viewers
what okay when if you're like an uber or
lyft guy make sure you always put your
destination into books this can save you
a lot of money example I'm heading to
LAX uber told me $28 lyft $19 oh yeah
that is a big difference a difference
and all you got to do is just enter it
it takes two seconds yeah yourself ten
bucks
I don't yeah I should actually do that I
will works really well and like every
single time like it's always like a five
dollar difference you know sometimes
it's almost the same whatever but like
most the time there's a difference and
like right now ten dollar difference
it's like do you could buy so many tacos
with that - yes totally
anyways guys that is all I got for you
for today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching you guys you go see Pete actual
challenge I did with Bradley Martin on I
believe it's Bradley Martin Channel and
Pete has a burrito eating one with
Bradley Martin on his channel check out
both of those super cool I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye
