hey guys guess what it's a new day today
again and we're gonna have ourselves a
good time a good day good fun because
today as you guys have seen I need a
haircut too badly and I want to get a
haircut today Jake and I have us have a
plan to get a haircut what do you think
about that Harv you excited yeah you
know who's really excited today Riley
yeah what no what you don't wanna be on
camera see how excited she is to not be
on camera she's very enthused no ok I
won't film you up
she's the only one in the family that
doesn't like to be on the camara what
did you do we're on our way to get our
haircuts we look like shit yeah but at
least you've gotten one and I haven't
gotten one in like two months now I just
got one I don't know I fine why I'm just
I'm just happy to lose to cut off the
fuzziness I I need it and hear it all it
will ever get there it was tried out
this traffic we're already almost 10
minutes late and traffic is one of the
biggest negatives of LA time to cut all
of this off we're gonna get rid of it
yeah oh no it's okay there's a good
drape it off
look at that I have a haircut I'm not
like going crazy here with my hair now
now I now I can at least like where's
Jake Stern Jake's gettin it James gettin
it are you are you snapping move yeah
he attack him with a vlog and he
reciprocates into a snapchat mr. I don't
want a body oh it's no bother at all
wearing tacos mexico what's your name
Cassandra well you're on block out for
tomorrow yeah do you watch I'm sure you
watch it when it's Roman everyone right
yeah yeah well thanks for coming up I'm
always happy when people come up and say
hello we possibly follow your gotcha oh
yeah I'm happy to hear that let's get a
picture well I'm back home now and
everyone's kind of doing stuff it might
be loud RV he likes to keep his paws
somewhere to know that I'm not leaving
because if I start to leave he'll get up
and yeah so i guess i'm going to lay
here for a little bit but no people are
going out I don't feel like like
drinking tonight a drink last night so
kind of just taking it easy tonight
hanging out with this with this this boy
here we might end up calling it an early
night and doing son tomorrow what he
meant Thank You Harvey now he's holding
my head well um yeah so this is I think
this is the extent of my night I figured
we'd continue it on to the next day I am
as u sama here was a little bit of a
mess last night I didn't I didn't make
cherish go through she doesn't like to
put all that gooey stuff in her hair for
my hair so that's why I was like kind of
standing up so today this morning I
didn't feel like doing it yet I'm gonna
meet we're beating uh Jackie and hugs my
sister and brother-in-law and Abby for
breakfast and then probably close it up
there and start herself a new day that
and then I'll do my hair so you guys see
it what it's the haircut is supposed to
look like tomorrow yeah but for now
we're gonna grab breakfast everyone's
here look oh she's grabbing her feet she
didn't even know she had she's hungry
she's hungry are you hungry are you
hungry she's a flexible much you to
trust me yeah it's so weird now to see
well I'm like pulling out my camera
before I even pulled mine out Jackie
pulled hers out come on plane she's
better than me whip it out yeah exactly
yeah we I'll go around the table
everyone say hello what's uh hello hello
well back home now mr. Brandon and Miss
Hannah here we're gonna start our day so
I'm going to end in here I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I'm gonna make sure
i vlog tomorrow so I'm gonna I'm gonna
just cut this here and start again so I
will see you guys again soon goodbye we
figured on a Thursday night we should we
should drink we should play some
drinking games and there's seven of us I
don't know we decided we would just go
back to college and play flip cup yeah
why is it oh there it's focusing their
now it's focused
yeah where my my old stick in such a
meanie some beer ah oh that you're about
to ruin my camera okay we're we're still
gonna wait just have one that beard with
the seven when we flip the cup that
weight winning teams there's our teams
and flip past even if flip don't want
you giving me more there's two teams and
fucked up really yes I'm going to go
back to college with this
