hey guys how's it going it's a new day
and I just got back from the gym to
start today and what I want to show you
site so this is how I typically go - oh
my god I'm wearing shorts right now that
we're just jeans and look this is a
little bit of white here just a little
bit but I'm gonna show you guys my
typical everyday where you guys always
see me wear black it's literally black
on black on black on black look at this
I got black American Apparel stuff for
my cover my my Weiner and I have my Nike
black dry fit socks my American Apparel
black shirt and my black Levi's that's I
literally have like if I open my shirt
drawer
ha all black here is all my black jeans
black jeans black shirts we and then
everything's just black on black on
black that's my life I'm heading now
over to my sister's house my sister
Jackie
my older sister the one with that has my
8 my niece Abby and I'm actually going
there for really cool reason guys I'm
going there because well let me give you
a little bit of a backstory my sister
has been a teacher in schools for a lot
of underprivileged children in in East
LA in areas that are a lot less
fortunate and she's a great person for
doing that better than better than me
and so she's been doing that but now she
has a B and she you know needs to focus
on her first daughter and so she's
taking a leave for a little while for
her for a daughter and she has she's
starting a tutoring company to help
students and help kids do what they're
doing
and but in the meantime she told me she
said I'm you know I just I want to do
stuff during the day like I'll be at
home with Abby and Alex my
brother-in-law he's out doing meetings
and study that he's a music producer so
she wants to do some that would take her
time and the the cool thing is if she
wants to try her hand at potentially she
wants to share a progression of her life
and Abby's life and that way even Abby
could watch it later and that's the cool
thing about a vlog yes what I'm saying
is I think my sister is going to become
a mommy blogger which is really cool so
she wants to try doing that I'm going to
go over there and teach her how to edit
and put things together and I gave her
one my old vlog camera so she could try
it and have fun because she always loves
to share pictures and funny little clips
and my sisters actually funnier than I
am so I think you guys will enjoy it too
I'm gonna help her out and I'll let you
guys know when she's going to be doing
that but I think it's really cool and
it's something that I can I could share
with her an interest so hopefully it'll
be something that she wants to keep
doing she's just trying it out now to
see if it's something that's fun
throughout the day she can do like fun
things with her daughter and you guys
get to see potentially my nieces you
know first steps and first words and
everything so it's something that even
Abby later on in her life can look back
on so I'm about to go teach her how to
do some stuff and we'll get her started
we just created it there's no artwork on
the channel yet but here it is life with
Jackie that's what it's called
totally it's so what I'm just saying a
mommy thing is like oh hold on you're
blurry there you go oh I was blurry for
a minute yeah I feel that wasn't your
camera oh my god I'm now in focus
hello you're the star of a new YouTube
channel no I missed I'm okay you're look
at you that's alright yes but we're
actually uploading a very first vlog now
so once you get it all figured out
tell your buddy
it's uploading and we got her to a
channel set so she goes hey smile she
was yeah she's exciting about but she's
also worried you know these could be
alright it's scary you know uploading
your first one I don't know what I'm
doing so I'm gonna need a lot of help
and just bear with me
yeah she's a via yeah mommy did I know
it just doing I think it's great I was
doing silly she's different oh oh
comfort today really watch this huh
oh she did it just a little bit this
time ah man well it's live excited Oh
what's going on behind well if it's up I
don't want any two out absolutely
see look hit it it in my very first vlog
and some of you already got to see it
what what unit now is it wrong of me to
call them out no what do you mean call
them out
yes well who viewed I got a comment
saying that they loved it and they were
so excited to watch about a minute after
I posted it and it's like a 17-minute
video yeah it's almost 18 minutes from
your mom yes well your mom yeah no so I
know you didn't watch you have to wait
at least 17 minutes yeah well actually I
get that sometimes a lot of you guys
love to like oh my god I love this vlog
in essence it's been up for 30 seconds
when I'm happy that you like the first
thing where they say they hate the vlog
and it's only baby it's only business
actually that's more common um but yeah
so she put this up I'm gonna make sure
now when you start youtube you can't
just like get a channel URL right away
so I can't really tell you exactly where
to go make sure you go in my description
and I'm gonna have the link to her vlog
in my description so go to my
description and make sure you subscribe
to her Channel let's blow it up fast cuz
that'll be that'll be cool cuz right now
she's really excited about 14 views
imagine excited she'll be with 20 I
think if we were in rush we might even
have 15 on refresh it fresh points no 14
maybe we'll get 25 or something tomorrow
and not only that I'm thinking about
like what people who follow me can be
called I know it's not going to be 18
but maybe it could be like jteem no no
you can't let's just start your channel
double-figure it's time for me to go how
you get great times I've been lingering
we even having a good conversation
oh is it yeah last time I checked it was
8 that's what that was three hours ago
and we've been done working on a YouTube
channel for three hours yeah yeah it
didn't come out great you guys will see
it I look at this guy's that's a that's
a really big TV but I want to show you
what it's what my sister she got a free
write for Father's Day best Father's at
your target that is gigantic than my
daughter that's what she said
yeah that's exactly what a man needs
what another word for what is that we
have nowhere to put it so it is no no
you just get nice cushions and put it on
the ceiling so you can lay flat sky view
okay I'm gonna go home what's up bud
plenty of toy plays your toy you gotta
go to bed man so I'm go to bed tired I
just got back so then we call it a night
I hope you guys enjoyed watching please
go watch hers enjoy give her love on
hers um you know she's a little worried
she doesn't it's it's her first vlog so
she's and I wasn't there to be like oh
you should do this to do that so it's
all her she did it over like three days
so it's it's like almost 18 minutes so
you guys get to enjoy that and
then you guys will start to check that
out so hope you guys enjoy that hope you
enjoyed this and I will see you guys
again soon
go back we're back in my place now and
check this out I'm so excited we got
bills copy
how will I feels copy but also more
importantly we got Batman and we were
asking them like what do we get it for
Xbox one or ps4 and apparently there's
more content and more outfits and stuff
like there's just more stuff available
if you get it for ps4 so I was like okay
I want more for my money so let's get
ps4 so we're excited to try this oh oh
