hey guys it's a new day and Brandon is
heading over right now he's going to
come and we're going to start setting
dates and planning shoot days for the
videos I'm going to be doing on the Alex
Mandel channel yeah it's happening
finally we're going to do those videos
so he's coming right now we're gonna
plan them all we have a bunch we have a
good amount lined up so we're gonna
think of some more plan them out and I'm
excited I know he's excited so trying to
get these out done and shot done
whatever as soon as possible so all of
course i'll keep you guys updated on
that but he's heading over now and
that's what that's what we plan on doing
so i don't know i don't know what else
we're doing but but we will we will have
ourselves a good day mr. Brendan goes
here hi hi folks hello oh I was it I
wasn't high five oh yeah but thank you
for the high five put your it's really
funny Harvey loves this like frisbee
thing well let me take it I want take it
from me hard I would take it I got it
okay he loves this thing but it's funny
because I don't want him to bite holes
in it but realize he has such a flat
face that if you throw it and it lands
flat on the floor he still can't get it
so if I just like toss it
nope you can't get it sucks being a flat
face is that going bread and I just
realized that I have a lot in common
with magnets when it comes to asking a
girl out so this is this is me and this
is a really attractive girl right here
ready I'm just going to walk over to say
hello it's good me hello hello hello I'm
Alec hello please just talk to me give
me give me pretty lady huh huh story of
my life Jake is joining us now yeah
hello i'm paula zahn my camera's
inter-campus so interested in food oh
yeah
sasa so excited
help lie you guys tap to drink and
scream and your juice boxes to be really
um you wouldn't believe I'm so full Lee
it so much it's all done food go yeah
how you feel oh my god now we want to go
driver or two big stuff to wake up the
new Batman game here we're back in my
place now and check this out I'm so
excited we got sales copy yeah how will
a philz coffee but also more importantly
we got Batman and we were asking them
like what do we get it for xbox one or
ps4 and apparently there's more content
and more outfits and stuff like there's
just more stuff available if you get it
for ps4 so I was like okay I want more
for my money so let's get ps4 so we're
excited to try this oh oh we just played
a new Batman we streamed and it was it's
actually really cool game no don't spray
don't spray don't spray cuz it's gonna
get on here and stop stop that's great
just pray just pray it smells like
berries like berries and cream oh that
was fun right yeah
that's cool oh are you hit Harvey cuz
Jake's it up really wow right and you
just throw things and dogs that's fine
uh okay oh now gone though out that was
my wiener who put hey bud you want it
you want it you want it okay well
they're heading out so it's time for
them to go okay guys everyone's gone mr.
Harvey he's playing with us his toy but
he we're gonna get to bed it's time for
bed it's time for us to go to sleep so
on that note I hope you guys enjoyed
watching today and yeah well so we'll
see what what tomorrow brings so I will
see you guys again soon goodbye Ashley's
back now welcome back did you notice my
haze rain then I did I saw you she mean
it oh I just gave me the his weight and
make it a thing I can't see it turn turn
well now you can see it now I can see it
I can see it
is it worth it I told her to send me the
pictures that she was doing for the
shoot she was it check check this out i
hope that you guys can see it was that
one fucked up on that one what was I
doing today please hollyweird yeah
