hey guys new today today and I'm
starting like halfway through the day
because if you watched yesterday's vlog
I did want to give you I don't want to
cut it short so I continued into the
first half of today anyway you don't
care you're just watching this vlog
because it's long so we're gonna have a
good time Ashley's on her way over right
now and I don't know what we're gonna do
she's only hanging out for a little bit
because she's gonna go shoot something
in Santa Monica so she's stopping by for
like this like a half hour and then
she's gonna be on her way so I don't
really know what we're up to today but
let's just have ourself a good time
look who's here I don't get a hug he was
gonna walk away from me
Oh help me she knows that I took the
time that I waxed my my chest into a
mustache I still have my my beach ready
to use black strips Ghawi I'm gonna give
she's the wax for her armpits this is
lovely
if you guys thought she was like sexy at
all this is about to kill ya but yeah
what are you looking for it hey you just
do that yeah we gonna put it between
your legs
yeah but you don't have the hair I have
on my chest this hair is what's painful
not not is it some event
you can't even oh don't trip over me
yeah you know it doesn't look bad it's
because I waxed and I don't shave and
I've done here I guess you don't have
blonde hair on your arms it's not like
that one
doctrine huh wasn't that bad right do
get here yeah no no it's good
don't even sound bad Wow yeah because I
wax well also because you don't have
hair like my chest like it's even more
so like that because I wear yeah I
always try to look for more ways to be
more interactive and fun throughout the
day and be able to talk to you guys so
I'm always on Twitter and I was like
what can i play I want a waiting game
what kind of games can I do on Twitter
and I thought about it when I was
younger I used to sit off my friends
we'd love to play if you ever played the
game ad libs
now they sometimes call it fill in the
blank and something like that it's if
you ever had it they'll write like a
little story and in like little blank
areas it'll say like adjectives or
person or verb or something that and
people have to fill in the blank in
order to create a story and at the end
you put all the stuff in and it makes a
really funny story so I found just a
dinner story and had a bunch of blanks
and I asked everyone what to what to do
I have some suggests a person it was
Roman they suggested a bodily function
which was farting then an adjective
smelly something you'd find on dinner
table of meat and I had another
adjective short crazy animal gorilla and
then I asked for body part and they all
suggested penis you guys are very
predictable and the story ended up with
what I had I filled in all the blanks
and here was the story I went to dinner
with Roman Atwood
he started uncontrollably farting he
grabbed his smelly meat and waved it
around like a short gorilla I slapped
his penis and all was well
dinner was great so now I've just been
trying to look for these stories and
finding more that we could fill in the
blank so if you guys want to join in on
stories go on Twitter make sure you
follow me and we can make more stories
they're fun Roman probably read that and
he does
understand that we're playing a game and
he's like what the hell is Alex time
before Ashley left a long time to go and
go shoot and she texted me and she said
hey I'm gonna be hungry after I shoot
you do you want to get dinner I said yes
I would like to get dinner it's 11:00
11:45 and she's not done and we don't
have any dinner and I'm hungry
I shouldn't even eat this late it makes
you fat fat her I got text her and see
where she is I am I am hungry and she
and I would and I told her I would wait
who waits for 11:45 grab dinner
stupid Alex dude stupid I see what girls
came here who she's called like well
that was perfect timing so she's on her
way here and then she said now we we get
to go for dinner so let's figure out
what's still open Ashley's back now
welcome back did you notice my hey Zuri
I did I saw I can't see it turn turn
when I could see it now I can see it I
can see it
I had told her to send me the pictures
that she was doing for the shoot she was
it
check check this out I hope that you
guys can see that one that one what am i
doing today yeah we ended up watching a
movie here on the couch and both of us
kind of fell asleep switched now she's
she already is in bed she's going to
sleep but I gotta try to get the hardest
one to get to bed a child man come on
cuz I was good a bit
you coming good let's go dude we gotta
go to bed man
it's impossible well anyways guys I hope
you guys enjoyed watching today that's
all I got for you so yeah on that note I
will see you guys again soon good bye
thank you so much fathers are using one
of the happiest of fathers I am we
didn't get a good show the tables we
need to get a really good
I didn't lie about how many people you
Foster
one of your sisters my sister will be
check check out the views up guys
yes
