hey guys today is Father's Day and my
father and mother are parked out front
because they're gonna pick up Riley and
I and we're going to Father's Day brunch
with the family down down the street so
that's where we're headed now I think
they're out front so let's go have a
happiest father's days oh thank you so
much no I'm saying happy happiest or
Father's I need one of the happiest of
fathers
I am we didn't get a good turn I mean it
show the tables we did get a really good
looks like you thought more people we're
going to try to make cocoa I didn't lie
you know how many people you fall so
much well you forgot one of your sisters
my sister will be nice
yeah check check out this music guys up
there we go
yes guys I got you a card that you open
it
he's opening it's really not that's it
but no no put on your glasses magnify
okay move tape then you pull this left
yep so remove the tape dari look it says
remove tape and pull this left you can
use it I say it yellow you got it
okay that's fine okay
left yep Wow pull this down yep okay
pull this left
yep okay rotate clockwise 90 degrees yep
pull this left yep hey Dad that's what
it was like searching for mom's egg 25
years ago except there were no
instructions
happy bother they love this who searches
for an egg do you not know where babies
I was I was
look what wasn't easy it wasn't Easter
you're not making a lot of said your you
weren't searching I was the one that won
that's why I'm here
you think you're just no not anymore
well I've hurt together
I help you
I know that at this age you shouldn't
have to explain me but for Myrtle I
figure I know that which is the
fertilizer you're not
I swim the long dis tune this up and
I'll explain you or is he'll explain to
me we're how babies are made
do you want to see what I mean is yeah
I'm I'm your father's Day gift mom says
you're welcome happy Father's Day to you
thank you buddy
yeah she loves fans she's looking at
this up here
hello go sit down okay I'll come back
I'm gonna say B nothing good for me
yes fine I will be - eh no time for that
sounds like what I were right I'm in a
race right now
turtles just hang out here this is
common to Calabasas he just wants to go
in the shade
there's turtles all around here I ended
up just called an early night last night
didn't do much and let make sure it's
not too windy up here I gotta put this
wind filter on anyway yes this went to
bed didn't do much and today
figured I'll continue on the vlog a
little bit so that you guys don't get
super short vlog so I'm going to meet up
it's such a nice day today listen this
blue skies and everything I don't know
what you guys are seeing where you are
but this is amazing
Jake and Luke are coming over right now
they're picking up we're going to who
mommy burger for lunch so come along
with us
we'll hang out for a little bit and then
I'll throw this up but you guys are
already watching it I'm so bad at
everything you guys I was gonna tell you
guys to lunch
that's that's what's left of his you
finish there we go
you're like life's a little bit left if
I'm ready mom it's actually really good
and that we haven't really went a bug
breath FedEx now and you guys I've
actually you guys have seen them before
if you ever saw like that that Harvey
picture in my apartment it was Mike that
that made it gave it to me but showed us
what you do here at FedEx when you get
bored Jake oh my word yeah how do you
want it
let's see you like give up
because God had so high to have I mean a
shame my tree oh my god you should just
like put that up in a frame on your wall
okay guys well I'm home now and I want
to hand it here so that we can we can
start up a new day so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching I hope that you guys
had a great Father's Day with your
fathers or if you are fathers happy
Father's Day and if you don't have
fathers then we get all just hang out
and have a good time on a holiday that
you can do whatever you want
so on that note I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye this is my son Alex everybody
give Alex a big thank you Ned if you're
welcome Alex yeah okay
