hey guys what's going on I I'm starting
a little bit later today so I don't know
how much I'm good of the day we'll have
I was just out of here Jake has gotten
the the stream started he's streaming on
my twitch yes are you enjoying yourself
- yeah you are
he's in he's in work clothes he's
streaming he dressed up just for the
stream while I was at e3 people are
asking me where can I find your stuff if
they didn't know who it was or haven't
watched my stuff and it's hard to tell
people like oh go to my blog chain
although you could check out my other
stuff I've done a few things here and
there and check out Instagram all
different stuff but I don't I just it's
much easier if I just say like one thing
so I decided I just create like a very
easy kind of website to be like my
social business card type of thing so I
just made let's just go to it Alex
Mandel TV this is that Alex made all
that TV it just shows the newest vlog
the latest video you could check out
each channel has the subscribe buttons
Coolio all the social stuff you could
contact me here it goes directly to my
email and then I also decided to go
crazy and a lot of people wonder how I
got my start if you have if you're
curious at all you could check it out
here I just I wrote a bye I've never
done an essay in my life and yet I wrote
all this
so yeah it's long but if you feel like
checking it out go check it out so I
created it I thought it was cool you
guys don't have to check it out it's
just my place if someone says where can
I find your stuff just Alex Mandel team
is easy that so go check it out if you
want to if you don't cool and let's go
do some fun stuff I didn't have a blog
to put up today which is yesterday for
you guys so but I thought it would be a
lot of fun still while my dad is here -
he's here hello hello hello we're I'm
setting up a camera we're gonna do he
does these prank phone calls on
periscope where people send in
suggestions to prank their parents their
kids their friends
siblings anyone so I was like well let's
just do that we'll film it and I'm gonna
just throw it up it on my on my blog
chest at least they have something and
it's fun for you guys to watch so he
didn't get to check that out yesterday
it's it's a really funny but we just
shot it so go go back check it out
yesterday and you watch this guy he just
he wasn't he wasn't happy he wasn't a
happy camper okay my dad decided to
Paris about third Street look at what
happened
I'm a native periscope now so you can
take pictures you should take it
he's cause everyone's doing this I can't
even keep getting separate for my dad
like my childhood all over again this is
my son Alex everybody give Alex a big
you're welcome Alex
yeah okay check this out we're checking
out what is it called in motion motion
okay just and it just stands just in
trying to just stand why solve it shaky
what's all that
it's your foot watch lean a little
forward you'll go forward you can turn
around look we met I say good night now
like just turn sideways and
I know like like Lina yeah
Lina no no you don't have to leave it
you know I mean I mean lean the the bar
I'm gonna try it yeah you want me to
turn it sideways or no do i turn the
camera do I turn it like this okay you
figured out yeah bigger Muffy we'll
watch out Alex Alex Alex watch Alex
watch out
well better than the normal segue it's
definitely and as you can see like I was
saying it's a little bit more smaller so
you can at least 50 layout well it's
Saturday night and we were thinking
about going out to a bar and hanging out
being social instead Jake and Luke is
right here and we decided we were gonna
watch Netflix and eat a pizza boy and
Harvey's jealous so oh he's stuck in the
bathroom well let this poor boy out
well guys Jake and Luke just left we
finished watching the movie I think we
actually had a pretty successful
Saturday because I just didn't feel like
going down and drink hear anything so
just wanted to hang chill and some
friends and watch a movie so now I think
when I head to bed you tired bud yeah
you want to go to bed too a little bit a
little bad how about that yeah and go
make sure that you guys check out the
prank call yesterday if you haven't that
is my dad it was it was great and you
guys I've been reading the comments you
guys have already been loving it the
ones that have seen it so maybe it's
something we'll do reoccurring I don't
know that's I think I think maybe we
will
cuz seems you guys seem to like it so on
that note I will see you guys again soon
glide your kill you later and I thought
is that a good in you I think I loved
make sure you subscribe
