I'm a Howie Mandel I'm Alex Mandel and
what he does is he does prank phone
calls live on periscope so if you guys
follow him on periscope at Howie Mandel
you guys could make suggestions on who
we should call who we should prank call
right so let's let's go live let's say
we'll go live okay so I'm starting a
broadcast right now after all right call
Brian did you get that one yeah
Brian moved and we're calling from the
moving company hello hello Brian
yeah yeah it's Larry hi um I have some
bad news and good news with which one
I'm so sorry I feel uncomfortable which
do you want to hear first bad news or
good news well shoot me with the bad
again okay um all the furniture on the
truck has been sold they're good sold
sold what do you mean oh I don't get it
okay we had a miscommunication in one of
our orders with our company have been
picked up to drop off at a for lack of a
better term at garage sale all right so
all the furniture tote couch dude
everything gone gone gone it went like
that in in a matter of hours so
when didn't think you drop it off at the
wrong spot it just got bowled and
disappeared gone gone okay good news we
got over $200 for everything so that
money obviously it is your furniture so
it is your money so where do you want us
to where do you want us to send 200 over
$200 for everything yeah so where do you
want to send it channel the Falcon
dollar coucher you got over $200 that's
not good news
well it is your money where do you want
us to send the check sir Oh what yeah
two hundred and twenty seven dollars and
86 cents two hundred and twenty seven
dollars and 86 cents for all of my
furniture yes and what did I lose here I
lost my two couches well you say lose we
say sold no I need to talk to somebody
different I mean what you're saying is
like just so illegally okay no writing a
check like hey let me give you 200 bucks
for the $20,000 well sorry numbers are
what we deal in yet each and every day
so I'd rather you be accurate when
you're talking to me hello
he hung up if it's that same guy of no
fucking interest and talking to you will
you speak to Alex then no I don't know
who the fuck Alex it but I'm give a shit
about you and I'm not talking to you and
your TV in court or I'm going to talk to
Angelo who we've been working with the
whole time
can I tell you I will let you speak to
end ed - Alex just for a second I need
you to stay calm
Alex will explain who his father is okay
sir okay hello sir um
here I'm gonna give you I'm gonna give
you some infant can do you have a pen
with you know I joke okay can I give a
shit
well can I just give you a name so at
least you have reference of who to to
contact for the company let me make sure
I understand I think I need you to
explain this to me further so okay I'm
gonna yeah I'm gonna definitely explain
it to you yes for the moving company yes
and you came I wasn't in Maryland when
you picked up art stuff but you pick up
everything that we own from our
apartment and and did walk with it I
sold it this is Larry but Alex will give
you a name I think with this reference
you'll understand everything and it'll
solve your problem
let's call it life you got to get my
name I'm going to I'm going to disguise
locations
I got thing you got it I got it yeah you
shouldn't have taken over I don't do
this well you're stop fucking cock no I
have one thing beautifully waiting
lawyer just one of me that you're a
fucking - you're telling me is a joke
don't fucking call me no let me give you
a name just so you have a reference
don't give a shit about any name you
have beneath the nail is on the name is
Howie Mandel
- sniffing hello hello hey I just heard
this room visit Howie Mandel's fucking
my mom Renee I think that's bullshit I'm
gonna tell my dad Jamie he's gonna
feature at it so give you 20 pull-ups
today I'm at way Mandel
Howie Mandel and that's my son out I'm
gonna kick your ass okay again he's not
hearing hello Brian is Howie your chill
dog did you stop
you later zag Danny and I thought is
that a good nu I think I'm loved
make sure you subscribe you guys saw us
playing the Borsig aim yesterday you
guys should see
I talked about
in case you don't know who that is from
a different planet Steven Spielberg
inside no way I'm not gonna cry
Sheridan's right
crying or playing myself
