hey guys it's a new day today and we got
some live extra coals because dennis is
also filming a cool video I thought this
would be cool to vlog in so check this
out today we have the Polaris slingshot
then look look at this thing this thing
is so awesome got three wheels the size
of that wheel we rented this for the day
yeah car the car motorcycle I know
brought it out here to the streets we're
hooking up some GoPros and what Dennis
is doing for his videos he's actually
going to be given other people just
crazy rides on it get their reaction so
you guys will be able to see that his
channel but I figured before we get to
that video we're gonna hook up the
cameras very well while we have the
cameras hooked up we'll just go for a
little ride so you guys get to see it
here so that's what we're gonna do we
gonna go for a little ride we go by the
way gonna make do well on the beach
driver cam rear cam rear ham same with
did this car turn everyone's head well
watch look I know everyone's like what
is this car you guys ready to go for a
ride
Oh
Oh
my turn to drive
oh dear your life oh I don't really try
to fit interesting but you know I feel
like I learned it on my motorcycle so I
can do it
yeah really nervous
see Dennis 0:03 shots bring us thank you
for teaching me how to drive sick
I actually I did already know how but I
still haven't driven one in a long time
so I was like hey Dennis how funny would
it be on here if we stalled but maybe I
should have done it on purpose yeah I
should just be like Oh Jim it you'd be
like oh shit and then just pull out
really bad would I go out and never have
a good idea to pull out wow this thing
is awesome if any of you ever get a
chance to like retina and it's like that
you should definitely check one out
they're a lot of fun to drive oh yeah
Dennis went over to a meeting so he'll
be gone for a little bit I'm going to go
ahead and get some stuff done get ready
and then I'm taking them somewhere cool
tonight which you guys will see very
soon I also was hoping that it would be
here early enough to show you in this
vlog but I don't think it'll be here in
time I've got something new that is
going on my motorcycle that I think you
guys will really enjoy I'm excited for
it I'm excited to do change out the
parts myself I don't really know how to
do that but that's what YouTube
education is for I learn everything from
YouTube
so hopefully that comes in you get that
going and maybe that'll be in like the
next vlog I shouldn't be telling you
guys because it might not even happen
but that's okay that just gets you guys
excited for the next time and see what
it is maybe it gets closer anyway I'm
going to go ahead and get ready and then
when Dennis comes back we're going
somewhere cool Dennis let it do this is
I can't where are we Hardwick yeah good
night we're at @midnight my dad again I
walk just walking this different Studios
believe me she didn't know his dad is
how he meant oh there goes at stage two
okay so we awesome do not watch the show
all the time I never been to a taping of
it yeah I'm not going to a taping well
shivers up my dad's been on that minute
but I've never been there taping here
that's cool yes the obstacle she live
he's gonna be stage two this is gene
knocking on library yeah
I'll often whisper I don't think you
have to hi it's dark in here
what is it not more light weight they
don't give you I can't wait wait what
was this aim lie to you oh my god
hi highlight for you gosh okay we have
to do it like this we're lighting our I
just happen to like ourselves for your
blog that's it I have nothing to say I
just wanted to see you wedding are we
going oh there we go hello lit that's
great
Chris and I are doing a show at midnight
right now yeah but we also he was our
guest judge on America's Got Talent
which airs next Tuesday next Tuesday you
next Tuesday so yeah I will show this
week on you guys are so cute on this
show tonight I'm playing a dyslexic
superhero it's all because it's yeah yes
well but you're um it's not the way yeah
you look good it looks by that Dennis
we're this way
bye no no no you're not with us got with
you know you over there we'll hang out
sometime
time to go do your fun I think they
already passed your bud blast did you I
did mostly I wish they could've seen if
I get something watch your show
okay guys what is all I got for you for
today I hope you guys enjoyed this blog
everything was super cool and surprise
surprise there's going to be someone
else staying here another friend of mine
so you guys may have seen on my snapchat
or Instagram story but regardless if you
haven't it's going to be surprised to
you on here so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching that is all I got for you and I
will see you guys again soon
goodbye
Oh
