hey guys it's a new day today and hey
Harvey what are we up to what are you up
to but we just hang him are we just
hanging man yeah well as you guys saw in
yesterday's blog we got cut short by PB
water from watching jurassic world and
then the ceiling caved in if you didn't
watch that go out yesterday's vlog the
ceiling fell down in the theater and
then they don't they didn't have any
showings today because they're they're
doing that so we actually i just bought
tickets and we're gonna go to universal
to see it in imax 3d so hey didn't work
out but now we're gonna see it even
better but um yeah i don't know what
what what's going on till then but let's
have ourselves a swell day how about
that it's mail time I got a package
right here and is from New York but I
don't know open
oh I Justine's book Alex you're awesome
looking forward to beating you at mario
kart hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey I
don't excuse my language but when it
comes to mario kart I'm gonna I'm gonna
kick your ass Justine I'm gonna kick
your ass maybe not in 200 cc but thank
you so much for this book I knew that
she was saying he's out some I'm happy
that it go this at this is the Nelson
here Oh a mophie case well it's not a
case it's a mophie power station not the
case not from my phone this one has 2.5
times extra battery oh it's an i Justine
what I always see it in her pictures on
Instagram choice plus that so that's
awesome i Justi mophie case and the book
thank you so much Justine for for the
book and for the mophie case I'm really
excited to check it out to read it and
definitely to charge my phone because I
always run out of battery 2.5 times
throughout the day so I'm happy it has
2.5 x times the charge well but thank
you so much for that I'm definitely
gonna I'm excited to to check it out and
do some reading because I don't do much
much reading so it's good for me I was
just checking out some stuff and I was
looking at my Instagram check check this
out look at this wait for it wait for it
come on focus 99.2 thousand followers we
are actually less than eight hundred
followers away from 100,000 followers on
Instagram do y'all crazy is I feel like
I was like I was going nuts like it felt
like only a few weeks ago when I hit 50
so now it's going to a hunter into
because they're so you guys just
today's a good day you guys let's let's
hit that hundred thousand let's do this
together if you haven't already already
follow me on instagram go check it out
you don't have to you don't have to
totally up to you I don't want to tell
you what to do but thank you guys so
much it's we're almost there I just
realized how close we were it's crazy
cam and I decided to come to japanese
market before we go see the movie I love
like everything in here are we gonna get
lover moon
I love we just had a
some food here everything get our
bellies field we head out get our drinks
then
be on our way to the movie yeah the way
you open up these sodas are really cool
so in the cap here look it won't focus
but in the cap you knock out that piece
right there and it looks like this then
you put it on top in the marble and just
push really hard you know it's easy for
children yeah just push it it doesn't
work you just gotta use a lot of force
don't hit it yeah are you all right you
got it and now the Marvel show with the
marvelous stays right there and when you
drink it it gets help there yeah it's
how you open up a
just got to city wok and I made a little
peepee so what's up I did well in the
bathroom right Pete and it came out
great and now we gotta wait for everyone
else to come here and then meet us here
and then we're gonna go in and we're
gonna watch these guys hopefully the
roof doesn't pee on us again because
that would be very nice did lease offers
the imac no it's not just a world
organization
guess what no PP no poop water we made
it through and then the ceiling was
intact and we saw the movie and there
was big dinosaurs and and chasing and
stuff it was Jurassic world I thought it
was pretty epic I don't know would you
guys think in the movies for those of
you that have seen it what have you seen
I'm actually happy that I'm not happy
about what happened yesterday but I'm
happy because it gave me the opportunity
to now go see it imax and it's
definitely an experience to see imax 3d
that's it's crazy but if you can't still
go check it out let me know what you
guys thought of that movie that if
you've seen it or just let me know if
you plan on seeing it that's all I got
for you for today so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I I enjoyed living
so let's let's do this let's do this
again sometime how about that how about
that okay well that's what I got so
tomorrow I should be over at e3 which
means you guys again need to reblog I
don't know what to expect I've never
been but I'm excited so I hope you're
excited too and on that note I will see
you guys again soon goodbye
Oh
I've ceiling tiles falling on the look
at that
he has water pouring in this whole time
okay I don't like this to like the whole
thing is opening okay I'm go we get free
movie tickets how the first quarter in
the movie yeah first court of the movie
for the movie oh hey but we get our
money back and two free tickets no one
free ticket hey milky well damn I her
202 awesome
