hey guys the new day today and I'm about
to go meet up with Jake and Luke they
got back from the road trip they were
gone for like 10 days two weeks two
weeks I don't know 10 to 15 days
something that 10 to 14 10 Adam what but
they're back so I'm gonna go meet up
with them for lunch we go this place
called King boba it's like a teriyaki
place but they also have really good
Bobo so I'm gonna head over there and
meet up with them and then I don't know
we're gonna do after but we're gonna
hang out look at these cool cats hey
look free limes who are you I know you
know so on check out this guy's look at
18 I know this yeah mate et but look at
this bowl this these are the teriyaki
bowls we come here else because it's a
really good price for what this is King
Bobo's the place and it's like we're on
final yeah five dollars for a big thing
that can't even really finish like if
you just get a mini here oh thanks and
then I got boba it's my milk tea boba
with inspiration for Max's trickshot
video I'm doing him i figured i would
show Jake and Luke a trick shot with
these pans that we were doing check
check this out yo Oh bullseye you're
gone that's what it's about you we're
about to see 3d movie how long have
those existed like a long time let stand
for it oh we gotta try dick three yeah
during the Jurassic world I don't need
3d glasses right now maybe you should
and then you'll really see how big his
jew nose is but we're gonna see Jurassic
world oh are you snapchatting I hey hey
hey now you guys on his Snatchers when
you get to see how oxford i am just you
guys don't see it from the outside
people look at you they're looking at me
like i'm talking to my camera we're
gonna see the movie and let you know how
it is look they decided to join us for
the movie hey hey you got popcorn hot
car for days oh oh oh oh let me go see
this movie good yeah check out these
seats these are nice what are you want a
lap dance do this beautiful chair I love
these chairs are comfortable Oh jit
David climb I'm then we can I pull this
oh no they're electronic and I'm reply
I'll go to like you now i can give you a
really good writing about ice cube this
is what its electric or high school and
inglewood think you're gonna get a much
better up to me is a point you have to
grow i was a elite going on during the
heat and literally part of the roof just
collapsed oh it's landing on the semen
yeah I don't know what this modern
because everyone's like leaving is this
kid
just fell through the ceiling I don't
even know what it was
really job I can't believe that open to
this is not safe to me with these
artists there's a big leak in there
clearly a little shits okay well can
tell you Lou let's go all right we love
you
they leave this jingle
I've seen tiles falling on the look at
that then some nasty has water pouring
time okay I don't like this to like the
whole thing is opening okay I'm go we
get free movie tickets first quarter in
the movie yeah first chord the movie for
the movie oh hey could we get everybody
back and two free tickets not one free
ticket he'd met he well till I hurt you
i were to also check out this line we
got away this to get our reimbursement
I single from
a lot of time but you guys sent in 20
minutes filming more or less I wanted to
blow you guys yeah but now we wait line
what do you want to see I want to see
this you want to see him ride through it
get to this part now I didn't want to
get we got a yes pass right up so we can
see we can come back with this guest
pass to see it I thought we were going
to get to but we actually well what was
my only availability for the rest of my
life so thanks AMC shit is read out now
they've literate on a drink literally
po30 cave out yeah smells like shit it
did slopes Errol discuss well I guess so
we just go home now oh well everyone's
gone Jake Luke and Brandon and I'm gonna
go to bed i wanted i'm tired i want to
just just pass out but i want to watch
some TV but let me show you what kind of
problems i have going on here look at
this ready
okay huh looks like it's gonna be on
ready ready oh because it is a dead now
nope not let's try it anyway it keeps
doing that for like a long time there's
a whole procedure to try to get my TV
check things just don't seem to work
which is fine just makes things a little
harder first of all problems right well
anyway guys I hope you guys enjoyed
watching the vlog and hopefully got some
fun things coming up this week this week
is III and I got hooked up with a pass
so when I go check that out hopefully we
get some cool blogs that I've never been
to eat through something really excited
so yes we'll see we'll see what what
happens over there and we will explore
it together although i'm sure a lot of
you know more than I do so on that note
I'll see you guys again soon good Mike
you don't have a strap on that thing
dude no that's why it's like mine is
like pretty much broken look at look who
decided to show up and say hello
softwares I don't see the dog it oh I
gotta show you the doc you want to see
the dog there's a different camera what
what what do you what kind of camera
using same one right oh yeah yeah same
camera you just have you have the strap
I'm living I'm living on the edge dr.
though Oh see I need a win protector
because every time out here I like cut
the the cameras let me see your dog
though yeah okay we are gonna go show
them Harvey
