hey guys it's a new day today where are
you going you're leaving it's just you
and me bud it's just you and me we're
gonna we're gonna have a great time I
just got back I went down the street I
needed my trainer was like you need new
shoes because mine were bad and old so I
went to Nike Nike check out these check
out these they're the free trainers what
do you guys think huh I think they're
they're pretty sick of course the color
scheme you know black cuz that's all I
saw like it what do you think I I'm
pretty I'm pretty excited I can't wait
to take these first spin in the gym I
don't know what's going on today guys
we'll just figure it out look who came
over oh it's the Ashley it's the Ashley
and we've taken aback - you got chicken
teeth feel like I've stuffed - we
decided to go get salads for lunch and
we got him but not from my place that I
normally love simply salad we went to
another place I'm not gonna bash them so
I'm not gonna say the name but they
charge us like 20 bucks for a salad
which is total ripoff and barely gave us
anything on it I don't know anyway
minimum it's not terrible it's just way
too much for a sack but you feel ripped
off shit have my knee ripped off yeah
but then we're gonna get ready we having
I gotta go with run to the market get
some stuff because we're gonna have a
barbecue later on so I got to get prep
for that we're starting up the barbecue
here look who's here
what's up here I've only seen you
actually when that was right here when
that wouldn't smith who's here yeah
they're in Ohio yeah every people are
minding their own business and I'm being
grill master I'm making my - right here
some jack
good valuable whiskey it's cooking hey
there's no yeah do you want another
burger okay I'll make ya'll make I have
like ten more I'll make another one guys
remember I showed you mr. Brad again
now he's just hanging out here everyday
that's like like old times and he
brought the first time I ever met his
beautiful about her I want her to meet
my niece Abby I think they'll be friends
just enjoy the fire and the barbecue you
don't have a strap on that thing dude no
that's why it's like mine is like pretty
much broken look look who decided to
show up and say hello where's the dog oh
I gotta show you the dog you wanna see
the dog there's a different camera what
what do you what kind of camera using
same one right yeah same camera you just
have you have the strap I'm living I'm
living on the edge detector though Oh
see I need a wind protector because
every time out here I like cut the the
cameras I see your dog yeah okay I'm
gonna go show them Harvey
was excited right now
no he slides everywhere the wood floors
yeah he realized he doesn't have a tail
so he just shakes his butt for you look
he's shaking it more well off than I am
he's ready to go I didn't get it on my
foot but Harvey actually skateboarded
for them nearly does it what he wants to
be skateboarded across the apartment so
you can probably see that on their blog
but he's just he's just excited to go
exploring and checking things out but
they're heading out now so okay I
figured you guys want to see it too
yeah but good boy I'll watch out for the
couch oh you enjoy that here there's a
Brandon's truck good come on come on go
out the garage go on out and then he's
gonna leave through here goodbye so that
that was the last of it everyone's left
now it's just me and you but just me and
you buddy
so I'm tired not gonna lie I have I
haven't really drinking anything in the
past few weeks and tonight I decided to
have a few beers and I was like wow
clearly I haven't drink it because a few
beers are making me pretty busy tipsy
but anyway I'm home I'm gonna go to bed
got to wake up I have the gym in the
morning started my week tomorrow's
Monday well today's Monday for you guys
but yeah but I had a great time I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I'll see
you guys soon
good bye took a little bit of Everclear
cook pan yeah we're gonna make some
mushy you guys that makes a ping-pong
ball soup you just get the fire going
here throw that in there like that piece
of cake then you just wait for it to wow
cook it cook it oh god that's really hot
Oh sick
that was cool cool stuff a little stuff
yeah don't play with fire
