hey guys today is a new day and Harvey's
waiting right now he's just sitting
patiently waiting for I have a trainer
coming over now that he started to have
no beatings trainer teach him how to he
just doesn't like come when i call him
or do that kind of stuff so he is a
trainer coming because he's a little bit
stubborn or else i would try to do
myself so we're waiting for trainer and
then I think Brandon and Brad are
heading over we're gonna hang out so
we'll see what we end up doing today PS
if you're wondering why I haven't
blogged the past few days it's actually
because you guys know about Romans
reality show thing that he's doing I'm
one of the producers on it and this week
we had to really get the cut done in the
Edit Bay so I had to go into the office
and sit in just for this week get
everything cut make all the notes do
everything that I can't bring a camera
into that office when we're doing that
and also yeah so just for this week I
had to go sit in now we have a rough cut
pretty much done that's going to go out
to network check it out blah blah do all
that stuff but that leaves me now the
days to do to have a good time in to
blog so we're back and next time I'll
let you know when that's about to happen
rather than just telling you after
leaving you guys in the dark about why
I'm gone but that was reason so let's
have herself one day Harvey are you
spent now he's done he just got worked
so hard and mr. Brad I mr. Brandon ur
here I'm I'm thirsty you guys want your
coffee without me and I'm gonna go write
your coffee and whiskey though oh you
did have whiskey yeah and it's only nine
in the morning it's not one
it is my day off ill oh so you're
allowed to have whiskey hello are you
guys hungry hungry hungry hungry okay
let's get to get lunch before we go to
lunch Brad and Brandon want to get a
quick game of four corners in let me
tell you guys how you play this so if
you notice the set up they got a beer
and a water bottle over there and they
have a ping pong ball whoa so you got to
try to throw it at the opponent's water
bottle and if it hits the water bottle
and bounces off then if like if you
throw it then you take your beer and you
got to start chugging until they get the
ball lunch so he starts chugging and
then Brad takes it touches it to the
table show them what you have to do so
if he hits it touch it yeah csa down
then I could stop if he does that Brad
doesn't then I could stop chugging and
you have to keep doing that until you
finish your whole beer first ones to
finish wins first one to finish and be
able to hold the beer over their head 45
seconds without a drop dripping on that
yeah you got to hold it above your head
and if one drip touches your head you
rather you hear you got to make sure you
drink that clean which is hard with
bottles normally play with the cancel if
you like just slip it all out there
ready so you just have to touch it
anywhere on the table longest game ever
don't ever play in glass bottles you got
up second rule no drips we'll see you'll
see one guys I thought you were gonna
actually it wasn't dripping anything
here but when you have five does it
opener somewhere here I don't know
that's why I gotta hold yeah that's why
you got a hold of you have in five
seconds cuz if that trip comes out you
didn't clean out that bottle or can or
whatever you're using so I the way if
you're young you're a kid this is still
a fun game to play with like a soda or
any sort of kid you don't it doesn't
have to be alcohol it's just a fun game
to play so what happens now is now that
I'm empty I have a time frame now where
he's got to finish the whole thing I can
make sure that I don't have anything
yeah he is extra time and now he's ahead
so it's good let's see if Brandon guy
whoa oh I feel for 12 yeah jiffy get
yourself another beer wrong we decided
to go get the usual shabu shabu know who
joined us
join us for lunch and then she's parting
ways but I'm happy she never has either
loving it too oh your first one to
express really demanding and how I
should evil Mike I was explaining about
20 million yeah I'm a controller for
clothes maxnosleeves is heading over now
we want to try to attempt to finish up
his a trick shot video if you guys
remember I was throwing the ping pong
ball did all that cool stuff so yeah we
try to finish that up because like i
said before guys not only for you but I
was I couldn't really do anything else
while I was doing all this and it's
tough Roman so I put that video with him
on hold until now so he's going over
today and we're gonna continue it and
hopefully finish it I I hope he we
finished it soon so he can get it out
and you guys can check out his video
because it is really sick so max is here
now oh it was ringed with his rings and
a bunch of toys that to play not not
those kinds of toys like ping-pong balls
and stuff to do the trick shots and
we've already been doing how many did we
ought to do three four new device
yeah oh yeah okay so we did a bunch of
them it's really hard even I did a
blindfolded one this I was so excited
that I had made it and I it wasn't till
he's like watch the footage we're
watching the footage and I completely
missed and he just dropped it in my cup
then but I then I actually did that it
actually did it and you'll see that in
his video but we got to continue doing
these and it's it's really hard
shayla right there perfect yeah it's
kind of like a ping-pong ball basketball
who we like we're trying to make this
whole system so that if we could throw
it into there it'll fall and hit all
different things and just happens up
yeah you to pull well these are all the
actual all these metal things in here
are the actual support beams for the
building so if it can hold up the
building yeah yeah you bring that down
and then you've got a problem good okay
now we just got to put one of these pans
or something there and figure it out we
got to figure out the shot we just
finished shooting for today except i
forgot i had to ping pong balls my back
pockets and sat on them so here's a cool
trick here's a way to prepare ping pong
balls or burn your place down see no
fish like I said yeah this was a hold it
close not really touch the fuck the fire
to it or it just lights up yeah no Jonny
you're close I'll do okay don't wanna
close
what toy
good as new and that really it's kind of
it's just a little bumpy but look it's
good right come on nope it's terrible
really it makes using calls if you hold
the line between Laden and close it up
yeah look at that just a farm not me
took a little bit everclear cook pan
yeah we're gonna make some michaux you
guys on make some ping pong ball soup
you just get the fire going here throw
that in there like that piece of cake
then you just wait for it to explode Wow
cook it cook it oh god that's really hot
Oh sick it was cool cool stuff a little
stuff yeah don't play with fire burning
plastic right where I cook my food it
couldn't be that bad right such a idiot
every so often when you're walking in
Santa Monica you see things differently
than you would normally see you know
like when you're crossing the street we
might happen
to come across the street man Oh
hi hello
breathe love
the funny thing about that guy is that
is very normal thing to see out here he
comes out here all the time and just
goes on a stroll at night and he stands
right into the trees with his stilts he
looks like he's part of the tree and
when people walk by he just goes down
the scares and that's his fun I mean
that's right that sounds like it was
amazing didn't you get scared by him
yeah no but no not right now but he has
scared you in the past right yeah he
just comes around and scares a lot of
people walking by and that's it's as fun
it's a fun thing to do but he just told
him he just told us he said he uses the
hashtag tree later clever okay guys
what's all I have for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and we'll
get back on a regular schedule now that
i'm pretty open and i will let you guys
know in the future if i have to do that
kind of stuff so yeah can't wait for you
guys to see the video that mexican
released i'll let you know when that's
going to come out and i'm gonna start a
new blog for today cuz o mother my
parents are here so you'll see that in
tomorrow's vlog ok well see you later
bye
Alex say something foreskin
