hey guys it's a new day today were on
Kathleen that's still obviously and we
decided there's only three of us that
we're brave I'm dude I've already done
it has seen it for my birthday my didn't
Roman but my dad really wanted to try
the zip lining here you excited yeah so
here in the zone now oh my I'm missing
my hat practice by because I gotta wear
a helmet but this is definitely a hand
it's a half day but I'm really wear a
helmet we're gonna go zip line right
where you go there Yeah right here right
here yeah we hold on liver yeah we go
it's this video all right lenses huh on
this next one I told my dad to get a
shot of me so he's you're gonna get you
in the film it yeah yeah and make sure
the cameras vertical he's gonna do it on
sports I told him no I mean no
horizontal no vertical video
Alex say something zipline it was super
awesome a check this out yeah DJs
everyone and it's so private I don't
think you guys probably don't know if
you're not from California and hit that
but on California beaches you're not
allowed to drink unless it's a private
beach is only about like this part like
there's good private beaches in all of
California one of them is on by paradise
no one of them is owned by paradise cove
and which is in Malibu you can drink on
the beach this one is privately owned by
the Wrigley family this area like the
public up quickly so they bought this
private beach and they just let the
grill they open up this grill and bar
and everything is that much to drink and
fight music and party here
I was saying I want to plan like a full
thing and just get like 50 50 to 100
people may be with you guys and we
should all just like if you're in the
area we should come out here is Claudia
all together you've got two things 1i
want to apologize for how late my blog
when I'm yesterday and the reason is is
on Catalina you can't get service it's
like it's so slow it takes like
seriously 10 seconds to load a page
imagine trying to upload an HD video so
i paid for Wi-Fi the Wi-Fi is slower
than the regular service so then i paid
for a plan to move it onto my ipad and
use the 4g on my ipad so it's trying to
upload on my ipad just using the 4g and
paying for service for that I'm doing
what I can but just letting you know
that's that's why anyway I want to show
you my view now that it's during the day
so you see it
oh yeah
all around here
and then we're going to go grab a sign
of eat a little bit so I'm gonna go meet
up with everyone just got to make sure
that this vlog gets up which you guys
have already seen it so it's not big
deal for you but for me this is driving
me crazy look you enjoy that place is
ready to go somewhere so how she joined
us on the island hello mr. cam look at
this stakes let the steak house in 10
when I was my birthday when I came here
but now it's my mother's corn that's my
yeah yes steak and lobster
favorite thing my favorite thing or what
I just got back to the room and honestly
it's ridiculous when it comes to my vlog
um I think this vlog and yesterday's
vlog 1 i'm trying to upload now are
going up pretty much at the same time
tomorrow because it's like just it's
almost done uploading but it's now like
1030 at night and there's no way i'm
gonna set it to public that late at
night because people in the East Coast
already sleeping away that I just want I
want everyone to be able to see it and
then it'll drown it out when i upload
this one if i upload this net that one
now this one whatever did both going up
if you guys are watching this one first
then that's why or watch the second
that's why so that's the way that's you
know like those life you just gotta work
around the the obstacles and that's
that's how it's gonna be okay
I'm not gonna take your balls I'm just
know it'll work try to go for that
hundred here we going to go oh I want a
prize too yeah
so we all
how well we did
the mustache I don't have a bus anymore
you know exactly which one it's in
that's your gay
yeah this plays out 13 No Deal cases we
got 100
Oh
you can still get 20 you can still get
slutty
yeah what do you take its ok pretty
people I think it's about time for me to
call night we are leaving for going home
in the morning so I gotta get myself so
sleepy time then wake up and head home
and get these blogs up for you so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed watching I have
fun over here I'm Catalina for my
mother's birthday and yeah so I will see
you guys hopefully again tomorrow okay
we're almost here we're almost here
almost
