hey guys it's a new day today and a
stock not fresh I'm gonna go take mr.
Harvin Steen mr. Harvey to the net where
they're gonna watch him for the weekend
because for my mother's birthday we're
going to the island of Catalina Catalina
so I'm excited to do that that should be
some some fun times there and yeah
Ashley's here now she's upstairs hanging
out but I gotta take her back to her
place and then take Harvey in and get
all packed up and get out move on go do
things so let's do it
I just got back from all the stuff had
to do packed up just for companies so
packed everything into here make sure I
had everything Harvey went away he was
actually so excited when he saw them I
like to see that because I would hate it
if he was like if he hated going there
it would make it that much harder but he
runs especially one of them that works
there this lady she's obsessive she's
like if you ever don't want him I'm
taking him so it's a good feeling to
know that he's loved there my parents
are gonna are heading this way and are
gonna pick me up on the way and then
we're gonna head out to Catalina look
who's going not yet we're listening to
what what station is it because that
family pissed on
he produced this song that's on right
now playing is this the first time
they're playing it yeah
like rocket say you sing who's singing
who's on it this is Little John yeah
then introduce EJ and then it's tiger
we're almost here we're almost almost
now it's time to grab dinner here
take the night off the candle I can't
anyone else
now that was dangerous to can't restore
oh my what's the flavor of the day
anyway that's a big bunch fan they have
all these different flavors of fudge
what do you think child uh what is this
fuck yeah sure and then they're they're
also known for they make their home
saltwater tap it's usually moving here
you probably did yes yeah people the
Internet
yes we're gonna try cookies and cream
that is a humongous jawbreaker I was
gonna call him outrageously you're gonna
stop right you see what I see
don't megabraid you know yeah Alex
I'm gonna try it oh my god
cookies a great oh my god Lois come over
here look uh Sunday it's amazing I mean
look at this size like who can eat
something like that you need something
nice I've never seen anything this size
look and they say that size of the
matter but this guy's got a huge sundae
he's like I just want to photobomb
convictions for their snapchats okay
yeah
hey what's the play who wants to play
nobody
everyone's kind of going to bed now and
we had this whole make something because
my sister needs a crib in her room you
know they bring a little crib and they
like close the lobby and she never had a
crib in her room and we figured out
finally every went to bed she got
something it was all worked out so then
I went back to my room there it is it's
good they delivered it to my room that's
why I never gave whatever whatever she
got it it's taken care of I texted her
she's like it's all good so I told her
I'll probably sleep in that tonight but
anyway the rooms super nice it's it's
it's actually very nice and you can go
outside I mean I haven't even been
outside I think it's I think I get like
an outdoor patio yeah
overlooking the whole day
come on focus focus camera
yeah anyway super sick check this out
lock yourself look at this leave this
look at this ready ready ready wait
right come on is it doing something oh
oh come on fire I see there we go light
now uh bring on the romance yeah okay
now we get a nice little fire going on
I'm ready kind of hot I don't want to
heat this place up but I'm gonna call it
a night
hey fire what are you doing I'm gonna
call night hope you guys enjoyed
watching we're gonna have some fun here
tomorrow and I'll see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
come on
don't do that hit it it's falling in it
hurts a lot
