hey guys it's a new day today and mr.
maxnosleeves is on his way over cuz I'm
gonna help him and do so I'm sort of
like collaboration type of let's do this
video together type a deal we're doing a
video for his channel not for mine and
yeah I'm not going to say much because I
don't know how much of it he wants to to
tell people but i will share it with you
when it's out but he's coming over now
we're gonna shoot it hopefully it'll go
well but if not then that's that's life
so he's on his way and we'll do our
thing apparently max got skills go for
it yet nope nope nope nope nope nope oh
girl oh oh wait i get i could help you
hey if the attic before comes in move it
back ah hey brother you got to take care
of his Instagram almost good oh my god
he actually should go to his Instagram
and check up three cool ping pong trick
shots that are going up on his you just
made it right when I wasn't filming you
but I guess you could always just say
that every time the camera is not facing
you all right uh oh yeah your instagrams
just at freddy's 4 21 right yeah this is
the most pressing thing my horse was you
know try to put in blue Eclipse right
now so max just left and he did give me
permission obviously to tell you guys
what is it is a true like a ping pong
trick shot video it'll be super cool and
I did some max it's uh Brody did one of
them while he was here and I think it's
gonna be super cool trick shot I always
love trick shot videos you know I'm even
a fan of bronies frisbee videos so super
sick to do that check out this clip of
this awesome shot that I made check it
out ah Ashley's on her way over now and
I hope she hasn't eaten because i have a
hungry empty empty empty empty tummy Oh
cuz I was gonna say Tommy Tommy empty I
don't you Tom T and I have a numpty Tom
T that's what what car
don't do that what was that what was
that hit it it's falling in it hurts a
lot my final scores that one that she
got on me was the only one that happened
the rest I just took her out I put your
shoes back on yeah you done we could
done this we ended up just calling it
not an early night at all I guess early
early morning yesterday we got back to
my place like four in the morning but we
woke up actually we went to the gym yeah
you got a gym on oh yeah you're showing
off your new I just got back from the
gym now I got to pack up i gotta take
Harvey's gonna be watched for the
weekend and i am going for a mom's birth
they were going to Catalina the island
of Catalina so that's gonna be fun it'll
be fun vlogs and I'm gonna end it here
but I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
I will I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye we just finished the
meeting went well right with this with
this with this man and Madigan both this
moment at the Panasonic iron love ya
gotta meet aristos you say that every
time I see you and it's so true is it
that a guy who little bit that'll meet
that doll bass and we thought I said it
that that's how the whole meeting went
we thought we were recording everything
and then now we're gonna hire a
translator and we'll see how well the
meeting actually went oh no no I saw wet
Willie government
no so now I now I know I'd like keep my
distance I stand at an angle yeah
exactly no but
