hey guys it's new day today how do you
like my cosmic kitten hat cosmic kitties
so this means I also ran out of hair wax
and I don't feel like buying any right
now because my hair is like yeah so got
back from the gym not so long ago took a
shower got already cam brought me a cold
brew iced coffee so thank you hmm so now
I'm gonna go head out to the office a
where my office is my dad's and we're
meeting Yuka there so you cos gonna go
there we're just you're not hanging out
talking about not anything in particular
there's no like specific show or like
that it's just
sunny have a meeting between Yuka and my
dad so they can talk and meet and greet
yeah so yeah so that's where I'm gonna
head now and start my day
last time I showed you guys the tank
here the fish were shy and now the now
look they're out they are playing
I don't see all I see the yellow one
back there still hanging eel hangs back
there that's his stripes
they come and check it out
I think they're gonna get even more this
is just all they have right now before
you could gets here for the meeting I
figured I'd get a little bit of Call of
Duty and felt like playing right could
all use a little call of duty and I love
the size of this screen too so that
makes it more fun but yeah let's play
some games we just finished the meeting
went well right with this with this with
this man at the Panasonic I agree
suppose you say that every time I see
you and it's so true is it that a whole
little bit now let me pan ty you'll pass
I mean I said it - that's how the whole
meeting went
we thought we were recording everything
and then now we're gonna hire a
translator and we'll see how well the
meeting actually went no no no no I know
I know I was like keep my distance I
stand at an angle
hello minute or so you're not eating
my dad just Oh mr. banana my deaths
enjoying its very first periscope yeah
and all this is I gotta say that we've
got a lot of this ourselves
there's no son blogging yeah so yeah
people aren't gonna believe because I
think it's coming off a little too
professional slick
people aren't gonna believe that we
wanna do a magic trick now I was richer
than Brandon right now and we're passing
by my friend Daniel's house right here
and no this is windows open so we can
get air and Brandon has so much yet but
yeah those are the stink bombs and I
know we can if we make it in his room
they won't break so here we're gonna
throw them really hard next to his open
window cuz they don't make his room reek
so let's go throw this shit
he just turned off the lights
pick it up on speaker hello huh nothing
I'm with Alex and ringing how do you
know what is this bad he's give us the
finger it's a new day I'm not this is
I'm not starting this again I'm just
saying I ended up just going to bed last
night you could text me and he was like
dude check out the new Dudesons vlog you
are ridiculous innit because it's the
vlog where that it's the footage where
they shot me in the face of the can you
could see how hard they hit me with my
eyes wide open and the grossest wet
willies ever but like Brandon watched it
and cuz he knows how much I don't like
I'm not as bad as my dad with germs like
I'll shake hands but I would never like
I think they has to do a saliva reading
like I would never share drink or food
even with my parents or family like I
just don't do that I don't like dirty
things and to get this disgusting wet
willy where he literally has saliva
coming out of his mouth anyway you guys
got to go check it out I'm gonna go to
the Dudesons vlog and you'll see a log
I'll put the link in the description
just to make it easier so you guys can
find it but check that out max and those
sleeves is on his way here cuz we're
about to shoot a video together today
that should be pretty pretty fun you'll
see that in the vlog tomorrow but I hope
you guys enjoyed what you saw today and
I will see you guys again tomorrow got
my I seem like a good day to take a
little boat out so we're the dock right
now she's
lounging it's a you are the time I think
Brandon's coming
