hey guys it's a new day today and today
i'm gonna i'm heading over to you guys
know Hannah Brandon's girlfriend Hannah
my friend Hannah she she graduated from
college so she's having her graduation
party a party brunch graduation brunch
today party brunch we'll put a slash in
there how about that so I'm gonna go
head over there and head over to her
place she's actually never met Ashley
and she's like you should bring Ashley
to I really want to meet her so I'm
gonna go pick up Ashley and then we're
gonna go head over and celebrate her
graduation ring hey hey guys his place
now what are you doing ms a conviction
for a Xerox when you came to my building
seemingly picture is fading a coffee
cake you have types of Cameron hey guys
here right now because alex is
incredibly intoxicated no no what
is so today we have a green screen set
up here so that you can take pictures
and change out whatever background you
want like that make it fun for the party
so we took this how how much this is
like my life let it focus yeah that's
like Brandon says like one of his new
favorite pictures we're having a good
time here taking pictures hands busy
talking with everyone but I'm sure I'll
get a moment of her on here they're all
you guys to meet one of my friends that
he just got back after 10 months like
two days ago three days ago how long was
it three days ago three days ago this is
what you guys have actually seen him
before but it's been so long Brad what's
up guys are ya yeah he's a in the United
States Navy yeah military man yeah yeah
am I getting am I getting fun of all
yeah you could give me some fun of lava
go back here yeah that's perfect answer
to the funny side head they actually
went on a 10 month deployment he's back
so he's gonna go spend some time with
his family and stuff but i wanted to you
guys to to say hi you guys should say
thank you for his service on the
comments yeah guys appreciate it for all
the other future ya dumb guys yeah well
hey we'll hang out really soon yeah I'll
see you man
you guys going a house full and charlize
people but I really happy I see my gosh
oh yes Mary anything and you guys got
along Wow factory oh no I got confused
it wasn't really you just get out of the
shower I don't escape Alex out of the
shower no we could do that we can set
that up like even while you're here when
you get the schematics no no I think not
you know why I thought that is because I
think we said you were gonna offer your
chakra see what yeah you know who did
like a boss like yeah yeah yeah why he
said yeah that's why I'm worried and I
think it was because he had just made
that video with romani oh and yeah how
did done subscribe a rap video oh you
twist oh yeah
happen a little disturbing what I want
to see what it looks like antsy
apparently how what do you guys think of
this seemed like a good day to take a
little boat out so we're the dog right
now she's just loungin it's a you are
the star you want to sleep I'll take you
for a ride on the boat to me asleep but
I think Brandon's coming coming its own
dropped off Ashley just got back home I
couldn't do too much footage out in the
boat because once we're moving it's so
windy that I tried do it was just like
and then it would cut out it was yeah
anyway I'll get more footage another
point because Roman has these things
that he puts on his mic on his that he
can it filters out the wind so maybe
I'll get those from my camera so that
way I can film in windy situations like
down by the pier in Santa Monica which
is always so Mindy I'll make sure I make
it work but yeah back home now I told
one of the one of you guys who tweeted
me saying hey I have a channel i i would
love to interview on this okay let's do
it so i'm bout to skype him and then I
don't know what I'm up to we'll see
let's see what are we what we gonna do
tonight buddy huh I'm lashari just
chillin Oh we'll see well guys I
couldn't figure I didn't do last night
like I thought Richard was gonna come
over but then he couldn't get a ride
there's no car while he's here and he's
not that close I could just go I can go
pick them up I don't have to take back
super late so you didn't come by and
then Jake had to get ready because Jake
and his brother left today for 10 days
to go on a road trip up the of the coast
anything else surf in different areas
hanging out here so I can start a new
blog and we have another good day and
then yeah so on that note I hope you
guys enjoyed watching goodbye goodies
girls when you have guys and video games
with the office we gonna we you know
whenever we go we there at the office
and go to korean BBQ or go korean BBQ in
the office figured we have a late night
gaming sesh some call of duty yeah i did
say duty you know what I just duty to my
pants like hardcore and it's wet and
soupy and you like it you like it yeah
yeah I think okay Brandon roll ping pong
ping pong let's do it freakin do it
