hey guys it's a new day today and today
oh I don't really know what's going on I
think Jake's gonna come over here a
little later and then we're gonna meet
up with Richard because I haven't really
had a chance to actually hang out with
him I only picked him up from the
airport so I would love to hang out with
him he's only here till the 8th so um
well definitely will definitely do
something I think we're gonna meet him
for dinner something I'm overdue but
anyway today's gonna be a good day so
let's do this sometimes i have to like
run around and get Harvey I'll crazy to
do some exercises if I don't take him
outside because I do take him outside
for walks but beyond that I like to play
fetch with him in here but the cool
thing is is there's a viewers name's
Craig Fox and he sent me thanks thanks
for this great he said he works for a
company called Sphero which does like
all those robotic things by the way this
is totally not paid advertising for them
or anything like that he just sent this
to me as a gift and I thought it was
cool he sent me the dark side Holly
which is super awesome it's like the new
product and their do a lot of work with
Star Wars so that's the whole dark side
thing but I love it because I can just
sit there and play with it and Harvey
goes nuts over it so it's like not only
is it fun to play with but it keeps
Harvey super entertained until he just
collapses so i'll show you how that
works it's really cool check this out so
this is this is it right here
I am the dark side oh that just scared
however you ready to play with this okay
watch this I take this trying to show
you guys there we go let's bring it back
Oh Harvey just full of drifted with the
ollie into the ship it actually fell so
hard that it wouldn't auto focus for
that oh it's just doing things in zona
well I auto focus on its own my camera
so Harvey hit it hard but he loves to
play with that thing gets a lot of
excess right buddy okay I'm gonna keep
driving a car anyway this is what helps
him we get hit anxious that so I've been
playing with this for a long time they
offered to send me two of these actually
to Darkseid ollies and i realize i only
need one unless Harvey completely
destroys it but it's pretty
indestructible so if you guys want one
maybe we can do like a giveaway with one
of these and i'll just send you one of
you guys one of these four so what kind
of give away should we do well how
should we do this giveaway you guys you
guys pick and just comment below on how
we can do that and we'll we'll give one
of these away the boys have arrived mr.
Jacques and mr. ooh what what we're
gonna go to dinner we're gonna go meet
speaking of all that at fighting we're
gonna go meet our Chinese friend Richard
he's a what we're going to korean BBQ
you guys not much I love that so we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna head out
now my time for some korean BBQ oh look
at this to you but I don't have my
mustache engine I was just like somebody
fix and Daniel I know but good i gotta
actually important so here for you i'm
just a hairy man about the office yeah i
know we're gonna go yessum pleum BBQ red
stuff
read stuff oh yeah cooking it up cooking
cookies don't do what nothing what would
you just do what you do you drop this
meat oh dude handle your meat handle it
doing it in your mouth with a million
outro two hands on the meat put in an
outlaw i know i just tried it but we're
sorry yeah that's tough I know what I
actually I'm in need of a haircut I
haven't cut the sides of my head but but
you have right yeah see that's that's
how it's supposed to look you're doing
it right oh oh here see a little hell of
it that's why I if I was I need to focus
on like making this look better and
making this look thinner this is a
healthy I don't know no no you're not
I'm just a little too fast together we
would like if we have it we wouldn't
have a child but if we had what it would
be like the right way that's all right
yeah it would be perfect and you'd be
like I'm in charge yeah but just a
little chunky that you want Oh like like
a like a really good like oh I like a
pillar I'm like I'm like a throw cushion
right yeah exactly I've also stopped I'm
so good eats girls when you have guys
and video games with office we go you
know whenever we go we either at the
office and go to korean BBQ we're gonna
cream barbecue in the office figured we
have a light night gaming sesh some call
of duty yeah i did say duty you know
what I just duty to my pants like
hardcore and it's wet and soupy and you
like it you like it yeah yeah yeah I
think hey Brandon roaring pong ping
photo let's do it freakin do it I ended
up beating Brandon but Jake beat me he's
really
but I better than Brandon oh yeah I did
I didn't know he's a sore loser just got
back to my apartment Harvey's been
waiting he's been waiting a crazy thing
we're driving on the 405 you know if you
guys have ever seen it's four or five
Great Spirit anyway we're driving and
also I was like whoa what the f is that
and there's a car driving the opposite
way like towards us in the next Lane
just zipping past this way well we're
going that way where is the other four
five I've never seen someone going like
the opposite way on the freeway and I
mean all those like the side yannick not
the shoulder in the lane like fully in
the lathe AC it's like what is going to
are they drunk but I don't understand
and they were just like blown by on the
freeway mind their own business stupid
system hey you want to say hi once the
hi buddy how're you doing I said I know
he's time he's exhausted he's been
sleeping warm out to lie or water yeah
all right it's funny when he got up he's
like wobbly cuz his legs asleep he's
loving it he's loving it okay guys well
Jake and Luke are gone Harvey's out for
the count time to go to go to sleep
ready to get up it is times it to 40 in
the morning and i have my trainer at 9am
so that's going to suck but it's good
for me so on that note I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I'll see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
Oh God the shot shot shot shot shot
shots there we go remember the big red
gum little bit Jettas fire is a surefire
hit it tastes like gum hot tamales you
know what he's talking about what Jack
Daniels fire it's Louise week
