hey guys we are into a new day look how
loud I'm being in the CVS she's getting
her womanly needs you're a woman and
you'll need and you need shampoo and
conditioner I also need some tamps
Lauren get some tamps such a weird way
to like word it like even worse than
just saying I need some tampons yeah
sport tamps here's your tips there I
actually received a gift from a company
called goat guns these are one third
replicas of real guns as one is a golden
ak-47 they are like super detailed and
all the parts that remove are the actual
parts of a gun you would remove we have
the golden aka the golden like I think
it's like a Barrett 50 Cal and a special
one they sent for Andrea which is a
limited edition like I think it's a pink
m4 pink ar-15 we should open these up
and put them together yes well these are
cool by the way they gave me nothing to
tell you guys about them they literally
just sent these and I have like this is
cool this is literally the dust cover
for an ache a metal pieces oh yeah this
is these are heavy yeah part of the fun
I have with my guns is taking it apart
play the match together like when I'm
cleaning them and everything it
literally has like every little piece of
what the what this guy would actually
have including some rounds oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah they're literally sitting
how they would normally sit it does come
with a diagram to show you how to put
everything together which is good
because I I don't think a lot of people
would know how to put together yeah I
feel like the good thing is if you do
know about guns that you would not have
put this together
and we are done look at these they're
heavy minded like strolling to pick it
up a little bit they're very intricate
here's the safety which works and I
think ready I'm gonna push the mag
release well yeah I couldn't figure out
it goes round Z how do you release it
does this extend yeah oh yeah it does
this would be a really cool thing to
like keep on your desk yeah like
especially as a gamer or anything like
that or even just you just like guns
I'll put a link in the description so
you guys can check these out they have a
ton of different guns and you guys can
go ahead and pick your own make your own
I highly suggest that these are metal
and super cool just a cool thing to have
a package just came in and it's one of
the saddest packages I've received
because it means I'm about to destroy
some things that I love by saying that
in case you don't know California has
made some kind of ridiculous new gun
laws that came into effect the first of
January however the parts I needed to be
compliant we're back ordered check this
out these lovely things these three in
particular my aka my a are and my Kriss
vector are currently illegal why because
they have scary features the laws before
for this a are required that I cannot
push this mag release button I cannot
with my hand I needed a tool to push
this button and out comes back that is
now a scary feature no longer compliant
now in order to release the magazine
they want you to fully take apart the
action this needs to be open in order to
release the mag they have made thing
called the Patriot pin with the mag lock
I'm gonna go ahead and convert this make
this ugly and terrible and destroy this
which easy this
now I have successfully put this mag
lock on it can't push you can't do
anything so if I put a magazine in here
nothing happens if I pull this pin open
the action now I could drop the mag
there's a hell of a lot of work just to
change mags but they've been another
product called the Patriot
now you really get to see why some of
the new changes are stupid it is so ugly
to have this lever back here and this
mag release what the hell is that oh
whereas before I had the bullet button
and I needed a tool or something to push
in it to release this I no longer need a
tool because what this allows me to do
is it allows me to push so releases the
action with this finger there goes the
mag drop this back down thumb back in
new man back in with a little bit of
practice that could get really fast I've
seen videos if what you tried to do will
slow down the process of changing
magazine you just made my rifle uglier
but you made this so much easier to
change magazines my Kriss vector which
is also scary because it has this pistol
grip here has to be changed they made
this ugly little paddle that's gonna
have to go right here
look at this paddle this makes it so
it's no longer pistol grip I can't put
my thumb around it it's just kind of
awkward and makes me feel like I don't
have as much control over this it's all
so ugly and destroyed I have to get rid
of some other things too because that is
a really scary feature this right here
is the bullet button so if you want to
release the magazine use a little tool
push it in there and out drops the mag
they also don't want that anymore we are
going to remove that
we have gone back to a standard mag
release no bullet button there's only
one thing left to do with this
that is to disable this
rather than completely remove the pin I
totally jammed that could no longer push
it in change the stock at all right now
take out mags really drop it because
this is less scary than having to use a
tool this is my destroyed and ugly Kriss
vector now for the aka wait till you see
we have to do for this the other ones
they have workarounds that's fine this
one is just terrible it's literally this
little piece that's it that's the
conversion just place this into here
yeah so my battery died good news though
this is done finished and I'm going to
show you why this is destroyed but it's
not visually destroyed check this out my
mags that normally had a guard right
here to release
I have push this lever I could just
release it
that is super illegal but what that
means is I can no longer use these mags
because this special device has its own
mags these little things I could always
convert those big ones to work the same
way so I'll probably do that cuz I don't
like these short little things when I
push the release it does nothing with
these little magazines the way that I
have to release these little magazines
get a lot of this this is why it's rude
now that this is all stripped I have a
tiny little key and stick this little
key in a little hole down here push this
lever and then push this key forward
that was the only workaround for dak
this is the one I am the most upset
about that in my opinion is why this is
destroyed down at third Street
ceptin Kyle and now joined we found so
I'm gonna show them I've been trying to
find this in stores because well we've
been looking set randomly had a good eye
and saw them check these out
this is a gizmo from gremlins for those
of you that don't know gizmo in all of
them and all the toys were voiced by my
dad my dad is gizmo yeah that's my dad
is no way yeah
sometimes for fun I like to do laundry
scratch we like to do laundry scratchers
we got a bunch of these and I don't know
we'll see if we wouldn't some money
let's Chinese teen chances to win oh
thanks for the quarter let us see what
we got
I scratch off just the number so we
could do this together 38 is a winning
number and we have one win right here
but let's see how much we won we won oh
my gosh Wow $10 a decent amount let's
move on to the next
this time we got 26 here a 26 winner in
the same spot as last one and we have a
31 here which is also a winter so let's
see you'll scratch this first one here
oh yeah see how much we got okay that's
five money back cuts money back on this
and then 31 let's see
Oh $10 so that's a 15 now that ticket on
to the next so far I have made all the
money back Kyle just said that just
wasn't unblocked we have hit a losing
card and we are on to the last one and
nothing on the final card we broke even
that's fine
that's that's a win in gambling if you
don't lose money it's a win I lost 20
bucks
you lost wait wait wait before you
comment that I am absolutely terrible at
math and said that I broke even I know I
actually paid $20 and made $5 made $25 I
did not break even I won five extra
dollars so that truly is a win but with
that being said I'm tired I want to go
to bed it's time to go to bed I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I will see you
guys again soon goodbye
