hey guys it's a new day today and before
we get started with anything if you've
ever watched in the past I've been
really bad about my car in gas I've ran
out of gas a few times on my blog and
I'm not going to let that happen I'm
trying to get better about that so I'm
gonna go get gas and then I'm meeting up
with Dennis because he set something up
with one of his buddies and today we're
doing something extra cool because I
mean we're going to go on a helicopter
but apparently it's just like crazy
there's like no doors or anything I
don't know
hey we'll see you guys we'll see I don't
really know what to expect all I know is
from what Dennis told me and it sounds
awesome so let's have ourselves an
awesome day
hey Alex maybe like get gas when it's
like on a quarter tank not like empty
with the light on like you always do
yeah that'd be smart
ah Dennis we're going pretty far out
here yeah where's the strip I'm going to
show you the best view of downtown
downtown we're taking the 18 with us
okay my buddy's awesome and Robin is
amazing you guys'll meet him shortly but
yes well I'm going to beat him shortly
we're not going to be looking there me
in the st. asking me that's true
dennis has actually already been on a
helicopter ride with him so this is this
is a treat you taking me on yeah this is
a date let's get a she's a not don't
tell a little birdie out there they
don't know oh okay whoa there's some
really cool things over here all their
planes nice so cool they have like all
these things here yeah we're ready to go
- Wow I could tell you in the military
yeah they let the pilots you don't hero
watch your head Oh
and this is the one we were actually
flying in today he said it's a little
rusty but it'll be left on it soon oh no
this is the superstar Robin like your
ride yeah swoop in when I dip I did when
I owe ya we should take the doors all
right yeah make it
well hey while we're at it let's take
out the seatbelt what are we not taking
out those doors just a little yeah my
doors these rocks
oh why does your door stay on him
cracker who's gonna fly to Africa that's
that's true but don't worry follow us
move down creature Oh perfect perfect
I'm calm I'm confident no one else here
Tracy and I had a bottle champagne in
here and drink you have a chance with no
celebration that I'm here with you I
know no clothes are you trying to clean
your hands will be driving all tonight
yeah is my head okay because when
they're flying if you stick your head
outside the winds going to grab your
head try and take it out you gotta be
beat boy man put that shit backwards
before
yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
that section updated right when we land
if we're looking out and watch another
plane planned and this plane comes in
and starts to like turn if we like whoa
I was like that normal Dino is really
rare then the airport officers came by
they're like we're about to hop into our
crash we almost just watched a plane
crash right after we landed and it was
it looks scary I was like that doesn't
look that was a rough landing holy crap
did you see that Wow but if you guys
want to do a flight like we just did you
could actually follow him on him yes I
saw you have your info on there oh yeah
I was just looking at that so this is
his Instagram right here so make sure
you go follow him right there and then
all the informations there you guys can
come do things like come do whatever we
did or go explore anywhere else in the
way I just wanna fly
I've heard that sound walled up
yes see this right here this 409 why is
this foreign I'm significant because
that's the Beach Boys 409 like giddyup
409 that's a right there and that's
theirs let me get giddy up right now
Wow
Teairra Wow here we're back at my place
now and I got to say that that was like
I've lived in LA my whole life born
raised in LA and that was such a cool
cool experience like I mean it's just a
sight that you don't normally see I've
done the hikes to Hollywood sign I've
gone to downtown LA and seen the US bank
building but to like even if you fly
over in a plane that's not the same
that's like a whole crazy different
experience and if you have the
opportunity or you're in the area or
anything like that how do you suggest
definitely go to his Instagram that I
showed you got spurious all his
information and just like that's that's
worthy of a I mean that was like a I
mean that was cool I don't even know
what to say about it it was really
really cool Harvey do you want to go in
the helicopter next time no not this not
this time you're not going in the
helicopter now I'm just saying like next
time if I go oh okay where you going
well sorry I'm sorry Harvey you gotta
come out what screaming baby what baby
screaming here no no no is that your
heart morning baby
Dennis and I have already planned some
more awesome things that you guys are
going to see in the coming days so be
excited be pumped because I am I'm I'm
just excited this is fun when I went
when I have someone in town that does
also YouTube stuff it's a good chance
for us to do all these crazy adventures
and everything so I hope you guys enjoy
it please let me know in the comments
below that you like this bathroom you
want to see more of the stuff or what
you would like to see more of if you
don't see something that you don't get
enough of doesn't tickle your fancy this
tickles my fancy but anyway that is all
I got for you for today I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye see worse a lot of
the lot like the reverse labia girl but
underwater kid ego it was disgusting
Niagara Falls asked your flap to massage
and Joseph I'm with Sookie Liv hot tub
huh crouched on top of your dog and user
