hey guys today is a new day and today
it's not Romans birthday tomorrow's
brother's birthday but today is Romans
surprise party that I've been talking
secretly with Brittany about trying to
help her figure it out
we've been looking for locations trying
to do whatever we realize the best
option it's just their apartment but we
need to get Roman out of the house so
she left that up to me so I was like do
you want me to tell him I need to film
something what do you want me to do so
she's like it's okay I think he's got so
I'm gonna recommend that he asked you to
help him film something that she gave
him an idea for so Roman just texted me
and was like hey man I'm gonna be in
area do you think you want to come like
vlog with me I gotta shoot something I
was like yeah of course it's all coming
together
but yeah then we're gonna try to get
everyone to his place before he knows it
and hopefully it works out I just got
down to third Street to meet up with
Roman
and he's shopping in Santa Monica place
and I'm banned from Shenlong Santa
Monica pizza I'm waiting for him to come
out right now
he's I can't go past those metal poles
but he said that he'll head out here
soon we're gonna grab some lunch or
something I'm just waiting for him I
don't know where he is
it's lunchtime look I'm doing it sound
I'm not gonna be that bad today
yeah yeah all right here
give me our playback okay oh thank you
I was quick my friend yeah I actually
really want to take one just want to
know why I'm gonna do younger eat for
their huge okay we're now down at the
beach next to the pier yuca Roman I'm
not going to tell you what they're doing
because that's you'll see it on Romans
vlog but I'm just happy that I'm filming
and not trying and my shoes are what
it's a game liner to because we're
dressed perfectly for the beach okay now
this is where I cut it you check out his
that was pretty sick watching what I'm
not gonna say what you did but they
should go watch why did everybody knows
what a triple back with is exactly yeah
no but now we're just watching other
people do crazy stuff so out here like
the slack lines and the Rings
never even been on a slackline I really
want to go but it'll either snap or I'll
fall both oh no no no I saw that ha ha
Wet Willie's aren't for me disgusting
Roman had to stopping dead something
that he picked up at a store over here
at Santa Monica Place and he's like just
wait outside for me and Brittany text me
she's like stalled so now you can I wear
like Oh we'll just park in that when we
have to like look for us so that it's
not so that weirds a little mean but we
need him to to waste time so we're
telling him over in this garage I don't
know how that we don't know how to save
time so once he's here I guess we'll and
then you cos like I'll just go to
shopping personally for my kid real
quick my kids so we're just waiting and
then in the parking lot here I just
bumped into hi Justine said hi and then
I don't know I'm not allowed to go in
there so I'm just standing out here like
a creeper
talking to Mike
we're waiting on him right now I am I'm
waiting up both of you guys probably
haven't seen me drink too much in the
last few weeks that's because I haven't
really been I probably had like two or
three drinks the last like three almost
four weeks budget no it's true that's
true yeah okay
definitely true and I'm not trying to
quit or anything just been busy but
later
now Romans gonna take money for his
birthday so I'm not gonna pass up a
question I don't know where he went
are we taking shots shots okay yeah Oh
God shot shot shot shot shot shot there
we go
enjoy the big red girl little bit jacket
as fire is a sure fire hit it taste my
gun Hot Tamales you know my talking
about one chattiness fire it's really
quick - there's one you Venkanna know it
is what a long doubt about it
also get lazy on screen slime or
teachers
now mr. game well guys it's officially
now Romans birthday so happy birthday to
you Roman and make sure you guys go
ahead birthday to him I had such an
awesome time fun surprising him being a
part of that so I had a good time back
home not wasted I'm not even drunk I'm
just tired but yeah I had I had a great
time today
overall I hope you guys enjoyed watching
so thanks for thanks for hanging out
sticking around and clearly you guys
really loved that guitar ice on
yesterday's block all comments were like
wow we want to see more so I'll play a
place in warfare for you guys soon but
I'm I'm tired so I need to get to bed
now so I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
look at these
here all day only have now
