hey guys it's brand new day and it's not
super sunny oh you haven't did I scare
you we just both of your turn so fast
anyway oh yeah I am talking to yourself
and them we I who I'm talking to is you
guys if you remember Richard my friend
who lives in China is back to visit
again right hi yeah he he's so American
and Max went with us to go went with me
where we all went together to pick up
cousin the other brothers but now
because he's back in town we're going to
in now today is my mother's birthday
she's turning another year older another
year younger it's a birthday but what
she doesn't know is we are surprised at
me and my two sisters pitched in for a
special surprise for her at her office
we're surprising her with a puppy party
there's nothing my mom loves more than
puppies so we have someone coming
bringing like ten puppies I think I
don't know how many puppies but there's
gonna be a bunch of puppies and I love
love who doesn't so I'm excited for that
we're heading to her office right now
my sister's driving but I won't make her
talk - she's a little bit sick and
doesn't know boys but anyway so we're
heading over there and yeah we're gonna
spend some time with my mom and some
puppies
we're where are they oh they got it
lunch I was gonna say happy birthday to
my mom but she's not here she's at lunch
or their new fish
I like this one where's there's some
other ones are there other ones I see
the heel back there
I see this one
supposedly this postseason I don't see
hope oh hello hello there
that's super cool
I guess therefore but they would just
put in southern hiding hiding
come on out here no you can go back in
hiding
what if we could see better on the other
side there's that yellow one
scared me
come and say hi
okay my mom just got here but we're
trying to keep the puppy secret because
they're here oh god he's the cutest
little puppy so I told my sister like
hang with her outside don't let her come
in yet because they're still setting it
up so we'll see happy birthday mother
happy birthday you made me a bunch I did
I want to show you the bunt I want to
see the bunt
I did but you want know it's better than
fish for you
come on come say hi inside if you want
to sit down I recommend swim all the way
back because they won't want to get
behind you
you wanna have something fizzy look this
one and that one we're in the same
weather here we go I found what I didn't
see before
there oh I don't want this glare there
we go
there it is
Oh going back into hiding but now that L
is up here look and I could see his face
there's his face
so yeah my mom like nuts over the over
the puppy party
she loved puppies we had him for an hour
they're gone now but everyone wanted I
wanted to take one home yeah what are
you talking to me I'm going I think so
hi not right now
mom's gonna take me wherever I don't
have a car with me how are you going
right now okay we'll go there we have a
fish pond at my parents house and they
love is a grapefruit grapefruit yeah
they just come and nibble on it they eat
the whole thing until it's clean
let me try to find that one it's cut
this guy right here that I'm pointing it
that one that one's the only one that's
actually like I really I wanted him he's
like a special kind of koi fish that
eventually gets used to humans and you
could like and feed him and they're
known as like the pigs of the koi fish
because they'll just because you have
food they'll come to eat up from your
hand and supposedly they help the other
koi fish get more comfortable people
because when the other quota fish see
them eat from your hand they're like
okay I guess it's not bad so yeah he's
that he's a black one with where to go
yeah with the white tip fins the dogs
are checking them out
soup BBQ chicken salad
I'm back at my apartment now and I
brought something back with me because I
found it in our garage have apparently
found this I found this this this thing
this guitar I found it it's dusty but
sighs - yeah yeah hey hey I know you're
scared of me I know you're scared buddy
I know you're scared
question is can I even play it or do I
just have it maybe let's see if we can
get this thing to work
maybe this thing we like out of here or
something
I think that worked now that we can play
the guitar I used to love to play songs
like this like from the Beatles I love
like Blackbird and stuff like this
you
yeah that's what I used to play well
okay guys I'm gonna end it here because
that's the end of my day and I want to
get to sleep and so this Harvey Harvey's
Harvey's entire little boy so I'm gonna
end it over a year and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching I hope you guys liked
the puppies of the guitar and the stuff
that I did today cuz I liked it and on
that note I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye hey guys today I'm
here with Ashley
and where did spirit touch - yeah yeah
yeah and we're ordered some sushi cuz
maybe I could be the sushi later maybe
that means here
