hey guys it's new day how's it going
we're gonna do stuff today because today
is a day that stuff is done
my sister and friend are over there
playing playing Mario karts I'm gonna go
scare the poopers or a hopefully attempt
to scare the poop out of them and then I
have to clean the poop off the chair but
I'm gonna go over there I'm gonna do
that hopefully scare them and then we'll
start our day yeah yeah it's an oatmeal
cream pie freaking package boy Wow Alex
you're so fat I don't care I want my own
real cream pie thank you let's go feel
free fricking pie yeah Cheers
I just got to mr. Kevin Brooks place I'm
helping him today shoot a video that he
is doing a prank for his own channel so
I'm help I told him to help me shoot it
he just got to his place I'm gonna have
to head in and see what's what's going
on I think we're filming it in Hollywood
so we'll probably just prep here and
then head out hey guys
with Ashley and where did spirit cuts -
yeah yeah yeah and where or did some
sushi because maybe I can beat her sushi
later we can't do that
it she almost edit it right there guys
that was it tough right cuz everyone's
out of oh my god but I actually had an
amazing shoe does it say right now with
Kevin's and the bottom twins you know
who they are they were great too and it
would give time that was just waiting on
more food we've been eating here but I
kind of fell off I'm vlogging so that
Kevin could shoot his stuff and he keep
everything he blogged it I didn't want
to just take all the material I watched
you bust you it unfortunate you did
great you did a great Alice you got the
hey guys you got a the first time how
many times
like I mean we never did it in my game
but you did it I was like I only heard
one better her head anyway yeah so we're
just waiting on some more food and then
we're gonna figure out some fun stuff to
do tonight and
so ash and I decided to go see a movie
we're gonna see ex machina we're at the
AMC at Universal CityWalk whoo big
purple giant like IMAX here but that's
not what we're gonna see the same but I
really want to see this movie now what
you take a break make it up these shoes
exhausted your thighs are burning I'll
rub your thighs come on let's go what
that was me thirsty thirsty person Evan
okay
you were wondering what I was gonna say
sometimes she just likes to set me up
she's like okay no you don't oh really
are you trying to stop me
okay so we are going to see the movie I
just got back to my apartment and that
movie is super epic um yeah I should see
it it's really cool really gets you
thinking about the future just because
it's totally a movie that not that it's
possible right now but it's something
that you're like I can tote that could
totally happen in the future anyway if
you see the movie you'll know what I'm
talking about
that is my uber because I'm gonna go
meet max no sleeves at a bar to get a
drink cuz that's what we do because
tomorrow is day off because it's
Memorial Day so tomorrow's a day off
every day is a day off when you don't go
to an office no I it's day off for
everyone else everyone's out yeah
since you guys been waiting for the
right answer I you guys have you guys
have been I told you that the dear me
King Channel I left it up to you guys do
you want it on a separate channel or do
you want on the Alex Mandel channel
based on the comments it's pretty much
like a 90/10 split 90% of you guys want
it to be on the Alex Mandel channel so
as much as I went I created the new
channel the new brand something that I
I'm gonna I want to do what you guys
watch so I'm gonna put it on the Alex
Mandel channel blow up my name on there
something like that make it all big over
there so we could do that and then hey
if it does well and gets huge on there
and people love just the Dare idea then
we can branch it off make it its own
thing you know I was even talking to
Kevin today he said Annoying Orange
which he worked on as grandpa lemon
started just on you know didn't have its
own channel and once it got big they
made a channel for it so maybe we just
tried things on Alex Mandel Channel new
ideas something that that way we don't
have to try new ideas in all different
channels we just tried them on the
hallux and i know and if we like them
will create more channels and stuff if
if they don't work then we're on the
same platform and we can all try it
together without you guys subbing to a
billion channels so it will be wrong
Alex Mandel Channel that wasn't a farm
that's the elevator yeah demoted you
know a glass of beer and a bar but when
you when you're gonna go meet up with
Max no sleeves you don't have a good
chum Alex how'd you get inside a beer
around with a softy yeah that's what a
pitcher of beer gives you it gives you a
nice softy I like that picture that's a
great pair yeah that's grab that's good
you gotta finish up it's closing this up
I got 12 minutes I'm on it it's drunk
what
magic
it's outrageous man
just got back home I gotta take mr.
Harv's illa out to go make peepees and
poopies or whatever he's got to do
before we go to bed I'm tired but yeah I
think I'm gonna end it here let's get
back on the vlogs now that we figured
all this stuff out make sure now that we
figured out it's gonna go on my main
channel it's just youtube.com slash Alex
Mandel you guys could wait around over
there if you're not already subscribed
there and there should be a video up as
early as this coming week so I have a
plan for a video already and who I'm
gonna do it with that's gonna be a
surprise so you guys will see that it
will definitely happen with this person
unless this person happens to get busy
but we'll see so on that note I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I will see you
guys again tomorrow
good bye it's one thing to be shopping
for shoes with her but what are you
looking at right now what is this
oh no oh but it's not like I'm in your
bedroom what are you looking this like
so this is what we're getting now you oh
oh it's me there's no weave oh is that
we
