hey guys really quick you guys have been
freaking going crazy and making this new
dairy king channel like already the
subscribers are climbing but when I got
a lot was a ton of comments and not from
haters screw the haters but from a lot
of the my supporters they were like look
I really love to support you do great
stuff I love your stuff but how many
channels do I have to subscribe to for
you and I was like oh yeah I guess I
have like my vlog channel Alex Mandel
channel the drink channel the dairy king
channel it's like I'm spreading myself
so thin with all these different
channels that a lot of you were like I
don't get why you're not just putting it
on the Alex Mandel channel like the
Jeremy King stuff you already have a
fault I mean I have like over 30,000
followers uh subscribers on there why
not so honestly I'm going to leave that
completely up to you i'm gonna put the
other video the announcement on private
so that I halt subscribers going to my
new channel and I want you guys to
decide I'm gonna give it 24 hours I want
you guys to decide should all of the
dairy King stuff be on Alex made up not
as been a vlog not this channel I have
my just Alex Mandel channel that's just
sitting there should it all be on there
that way the ones that I already
subscribed already there or should I
continue with with a whole separate
channel start fresh completely up to you
guys you guys the this my supporters
have been suggesting and asking so I
want to give you guys exactly what you
want that's what this is about so let me
know in the comments below which channel
you want it to be on and then we'll go
forward with that I'll see you guys it's
one thing to be shopping for shoes with
her but what it what are you looking at
right now what is this oh my god no oh
but it's not like I'm in your bedroom
what are you looking at this like Lisa
me that's just curious as to how the
negative 8 the material
so is this what we're getting now you
owe oh it's me there's no weave is that
we owe
