hey guys how's it going
I'm Atlanta Lemaitre because I'm going
down to meet up with action because
she's here for lunch and she's waiting
down there so we're gonna go walk off to
lunch get something to eat
fill our bellies and have a good time
right let's go up the Ashley
shopping shopping shopping
you're tired and I could
we should we should go nap together
please and sleep
you attract guys she was in here
yesterday and it was really funny
because she went to go look at these
and where as soon as she picked it up
she was alone as soon as she picked it
out she was like and she made that note
and then the people who have worked here
looked at it just started laughing and
she's standing by herself was really
funny she's clearly obsessed with
clothing but what girl isn't and now she
put them on
she's gonna wear them to bed
it's such like because I can't see all
of you it's such an awkward angle there
there now I can see again I'm her
shopping companion but I shop too I just
actually no there's no men's section
when you're shopping with you that is
you go it
yeah it's one thing to be shopping for
shoes with her but what are you looking
at right now what is this oh nice oh but
it's not like I'm in your bedroom what
are you looking so we're getting now you
oh oh it's me
there's no weave that we Ashley had to
run back she's plans tonight with her
manager so manager they're going to some
show or something oh no no anyway so I'm
back at the apartment
and I'm going to enjoy a fantastic
pickle now the thing about this pickle
I'm gonna show you guys a trick if you
have a pickle on it's too big you just
you pick up the sides here and the other
side grab it and then if you use like
that
squeeze it there then bend it up that
way and then up that way you get oh
there we go
usually pickles should let's see if we
go there we go yeah we got all three so
you can split it into threes actually
that was a complete lie I used a knife
and I cut it I didn't really end up
doing much yesterday after Ashley left I
just kind of hung out with Riley and cam
we didn't really we actually had to try
to fix all the system in my place
because the internet went out and
everything craziness anyway right now
this continuation so that we can have an
actual decent block I'm heading right
now to go meet up and grab lunch with
Yuka I'm a little bit scared for my nuts
as I always
and now when I see him but we're gonna
grab lunch and hang out and talk about
stuff and yeah see let's see what's see
what's in store for us in the future
because we ended up becoming good
friends so we want to work together more
because this should be cool so we just
had lunch right now and I can't like I'm
not gonna say too much but I'm so
exciting so we were talking about some
cool things that are that are coming
soon but we were so delicious yeah what
about have you ever had a fish sperm
it's called Milt it's like a Japanese
delicacy it's that's me supposed to make
your manhood really yeah it didn't work
for me my it's not very big but you know
what it is in Finland it's uh out of the
reindeer horns we do we grind it into
this powder and you eat that and we make
you really
I actually I have a friend who's like
this he loves like organic stuff and
everything that's what he does he's like
yeah this is these like pills from like
what exactly what you're talking about I
thought that was the weirdest thing I
said that I was like oh there's like no
hiding it I was so good this whole time
I just kept my distance my hand floats
around there best protection oh yeah I
will next time just gonna wear a cup
that's like my investment of hanging out
with you yeah that's a good to wear a
cup yeah we're cup if you're gonna hang
out with them but I know we have some
really cool things I actually soon will
have a big announcement for something
really cool but
III think that we'll have some fun again
I get oh that's my only job alright see
you pal see ya I'll see you hey we'll
talk this week sounds good
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I was teased about something
Bigfoot being announced for soon so and
yeah I'm gonna continue on this day so
that we make sure that we may walk for
tomorrow and we will cuz I'm gonna be
blogging but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
tomorrow
good bye well I'm getting curious why
live while we're shopping so Jake we we
hold this for a second sure thing yeah
what are you gonna do I just wanted to
see what it smells like
let's see what what smells like Oh Oh
God
yeah that's the one that's one good yeah
good let's plug her up that was weird
I don't know why I did that
