hey guys I don't really know what's
going on today I know ashley is gonna be
here in couple minutes and she shouldn't
see she saw Harvey right when I got him
and then she left and then so she
doesn't see how big Harvey is I know she
won't say him stuff and then we'll
probably made me go walk around say the
Mata go see what there is to do figure
stuff out and have a good day cuz it's
really nice day today Harvey Ashley's
coming up you're gonna say hi get to say
hi buddy yeah are you waiting you way to
say hello you gonna say hi to me before
this fat man yeah are you you are so big
what are you here children yeah Oh big
man yeah puppies he is a puppy still
he's gonna jump on you yeah anyone that
he hasn't baby hasn't really seen a long
time it doesn't really know he just kind
of like oh you found this fun you may
have melted you say oh I think he wants
to hump you well then again who doesn't
right okay we met up how to sexy Bellas
no no no Luke you getting teriyaki so
you know fuck Jonah yeah I oh ok ring
good no that's disgusting every time I
turn on the blog under by drinking boba
then a Lobo yeah I love Jonah Oh miss
you for it
my mouth so good what do what are we
doing right now boys will be doing
watching you so I'm not shopping
watching that thing shop watching you
full person I saw her saw her I was
being and of being nice oh my god oh
yeah perfect yes guys I'll say it for
you friend zone and fish I'm the bitch
no no it's good my pocket oh I would be
happy to hold your pocket yeah yeah oh
it was such a little fish oh well I'm
getting curious why live while we're
shopping so Jake we we hold this for a
second sure thing yeah what are you
gonna do but I just want to see what it
smells like see what what smells like oh
oh god
yeah that's a lot that's one good yeah
when you don't have the actual guns to
impress the ladies sometimes you just
need to pull out the real guns and it
gets you get them on the bed yeah no I
know why I was just those like an
excited is over yeah was a hub anyway
what is it oh I just being extra Randy
today yeah Alex but you can call me
Randy right is that what no it's getting
naked it do it okay we're going now yeah
but I'm sorry oh yeah yeah we decide
have a late dinner check these out I
didn't get it but Jake we can Camden
they're frozen beers oh yeah link that
white stuff they free to the phone on
the beer and keeps it cold and when you
take a sip it's like
like slushy on top of beer I know it
sounds weird to a lot of you guys
that's not severe congenital you licking
your lips yes yeah
the hashtag threatens Oh mother then
just do it all that friend zone run
zones are great sir
we long
do it oh yeah i know that term a lot of
you guys watching that is fast it's
really really really bad actually no
time dude listen I just came back from
dropping off Ashley at her place and I
feel like I realized I haven't told you
guys how I know Ashley and I feel like
that's it it's a good thing good reason
for yes admitted to no good thing for
you guys know years ago when i left my
university i joined an acting academy
which she happened to go to as well and
she came here from said i forgot to go
to that school went to school together
and then we were in the same improv
group we did that together and perform
shows in hollywood and super awesome
love improv she was one of my one of the
people in the troops so we had great
time doing that we stayed friends for so
many years that's why she understands me
we our friendship goes back far you guys
are so awesome at being protective over
me like ridiculous I love it because I
always tell people like wow they don't
like some girl I'll be where there's
like that via well they don't like me in
the comments and I tell Michael know you
know they're just there they're really
protective like they don't want someone
to be using me they don't want someone
to be taking advantage of me especially
you know I have grown up with that my
whole life you guys know who my dad is
and that's there's no hiding from that
so I've had my whole life to practice to
learn if someone's using me and you
probably have seen the same few friends
over and over again I don't have a lot
of friends why because after a while you
start to realize certain people use you
for things that you have or things that
they think they can get from you that
they can't certain you know I have a
very tight group of friends that I
respect that I love and I I've opened my
life to you guys and I love that and I
love how how protective you guys get
it's so great it's it's amazing you guys
are always looking out for me but I just
want to let you guys know that everyone
you see my blog has gone through a
through an Alex screening to make sure
that they are they fit they're there
they're good people you guys are the
best always and thank you you guys also
help me hit 80,000 followers on
Instagram today what what I feel like we
were just at room you know 10,000 not
too long ago that's until a crazy amount
I can't even believe it so on that note
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye hi do this thing's roaring it's
on my watch channel
minot blog
this is like a meal
nothing though
Oh
okay i'm gonna turn it off
