hey guys so today I'm heading out to
Universal CityWalk right now the
universe studios city markets like the
yep anyway so I'm going over there
because my dad is shooting for another
show he's doing over there
and so I'm gonna go visit him while he's
working and then the rest of my family
is meeting over there or at least I know
my mom my sister are so we can get food
there so we could eat as a family on a
Sunday Sunday family day that's what we
do so I'm gonna meet them over there my
dad probably only has like a few more
hours of filming so I'll hang out with
him while he's doing that and then well
so that's where I'm going right now
really really
it's not even moving not even moving
this traffic right now I'm not even on
the freeway I'm getting on the freeway
what has happened it's a Sunday no
traffic allowed on Sunday what does have
a biker gang while I'm trying to vlog
I'm trying to vlog I can't hear they
can't hear me
biker game called seven skulls set at
the back of their jackets anyway I
thought it wouldn't take me very long to
get there but apparently there's
probably an accident or something now
they closed the whole freeway and
they're making everyone exit off to the
right so they closed the whole thing it
must have been pretty bad
I'm pulling up to it now let's see more
cops
more cops coming honestly it doesn't
look too terrible
they stood the bike back up oh the whole
front right side of the bike is gone but
really I mean the guy is standing off to
the side it didn't look that terrible
that's what I like to see open roads you
don't see this often that's that's the
best part about passing an accident
afterward it's completely open
finally here is actually not a lot of
traffic at all like barely any once I
pass that whole mess that took me like
seriously 45 minutes of moving for one
the on-ramp to the next exit but here so
now there's going to go find everyone
cuz I have no idea where they are can't
really call them if they're don't like
stuff
actually thought it'd be much harder to
find anyone but seriously as I'm walking
in I see cameras all over there all
their camera equipment and then for the
game and everything smart face and I and
I see and I see people hello hey hey
how's it going
is that is that that's hurts monkey
sleeping
oh no you should she's sleeping monkey
what do you think I caught her yeah
she's guys monkey they're filming all
this stuff right there I don't really
know what's going on but I was hoping
you're coming I am I'm here I'm coming
up here
it's fun for you guys to see that
they're sitting back here going I'll let
see how it's gonna work out I don't know
because no one really knows what's gonna
happen and then gameshow type of
settings but this is that work I can't
show too much because it's not my
project
no no no that's not even a picture it's
a video it's a video I mean and I talked
to my camera to talk to it
I do this thing it's on my watch Channel
just
I'm not paying you though
we're eating it at Hard Rock now and see
I have people come up and recognize me
before my dad right you see see dad just
got back to my apartment and I gotta say
that that movie is pretty crazy super
and say I'm not gonna give any spoilers
you guys should go see it go see Mad Max
it's crazy that's just what I've decided
it's max so you know I'm happy I saw it
because we wanted to see yesterday and
that didn't work out so happy I got to
see it tonight
invited Jake and Luke again to come out
I said just drive out to where I am but
they were having a game of Thrones the
viewing party thing which means like to
other people or three other people came
I don't watch Game of Thrones so I was
like I'm gonna watch the movie then so
that's what they were doing and now I
think it's come to a close of my Sunday
of my Sunday it's Sunday night I'm going
to take Harvey out and then I'm probably
gonna head to bed had a pretty pretty
full day so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
there you go cheek again show it to me
yeah everything's big please
KitKat
so big
