hey guys yeah let's start that over
again ready and hey guys hey hello how
are you um today is Saturday for me and
on Saturday what do you do I don't I
don't I don't know yet but I know Jake
just texted me and said that he wanted
to come over so he's going to come over
with his brother Luke who has been in
Africa for the last like six weeks like
that so I'll be seeing them in a little
bit I think they're gonna head over and
then we'll see what we're what we're up
to what we have in store for today let's
let's figure this out I don't well I'll
figure it out you just sit where you're
sitting maybe on the toilet whatever and
just watch and I will hopefully
entertain look at these men you man
right there and man right there you're
from Africa now yeah yeah this facial
facial hair oh yeah yeah you got it too
and your facial hair but you should see
my nuts yeah they're covered by all that
hair yeah cuz they have a beard yeah
yeah Harvey what are you doing I don't
know we're trying to figure out what to
do will do something we'll figure
something out I don't know if I good you
want to what Jake was beside these bucks
yeah but I don't know if we're going to
rob it or if we're going to go to fuck
but i think i want fire because
especially the ramen place had a long
line and i want to wait long lines Jake
every boy Luke what do you want pho or
ramen ok don't ask improbable you know
you still have a burrito in you gorgeous
burritos take it out you but you know
what do you want ramen or fuck i want
noodles and broth damn it that makes it
very difficult let's see what we're
gonna get and we decide what yeah you
got a pot me about me you got Rick's got
to mix this up hash but like sriracha
and everything that's what the sauce on
top
oh yeah
gtalk its friends time huxley and Harvey
you guys could still play just cuz
you're on camera doesn't mean huh oh
yeah Harvey Harvey go go go oh you want
to come to camera oh my god a mother
jacket me don't attack me Harvey protect
me oh yeah go right under it for the but
go right with a but yeah it's their
playtime it's their playtime I know you
tired buddy Jaime Jaime Oh Harvey
robbery yeah yeah cuz huxton invited
them Harvey I just brought you some
water to your buddy come drink oh are
you going to Huxley here good one drink
buddy I think he's been drinking out of
the fountain upstairs so I have nothing
thirsty we really wanted to see Matt
yeah I wanted to see it 3d and then we
realized 3d was sold out it's were like
ah whatever let's see it's not 3d like a
half hour later for 45 minutes or
whatever and then they tell us they
already pre-sold everything else in the
theater but if we want to buy a ticket
we could sit all the way in the front
row
no now we don't know we don't know not
experienced in that way
no it's supposed to be a little break
and I'm not going to ruin it by having
to look up like this the whole time so
now we're trying to try to find some
other stuff to do this Jake's idea or
innocence or ourselves on the side of
the street or he said we could wreck
have it like Sunset Boulevard throw
Molotov cocktails but I don't know we
should do that we'll figure this is
jake's weakness yeah so pretty serious
candy problem house you can cut me back
with they have a bigger one
serious they have you seen the giant one
day yeah I don't they have them here
because I care to go giant like pandya
like
big one of those like do a lot of drugs
that need a lot of it's like some very
huge I should get a bigger gun there you
go Jake good show it to me oh yeah
everything's big please KitKat
Sophia Jake damn you are a buck each
other
he's taking coins out of the mods now
before you guys think I'm an evil person
for laughing at someone say you change
out of the pod that guy is not homeless
he's actually dressed pretty nicely and
he's been like you know maybe I mean
maybe maybe just on drugs but definitely
definitely or not oh okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today and I
know it wasn't super eventful but it's
it's a real day that's look you know I
wanted to go see a movie that didn't
work I want to go eat cuz I eat every
day he went around third street because
we couldn't find something I hope that
you guys enjoy just spending time with
me living living my day as I do not
every day will be a crazy event or some
cool thing to go to or some awesome
crazy thing because that's life do you
guys live super exciting lives every
single day if you do then i wish i was
living your life but if not then we're
all just living real life so on that
note go check out Romans new video the
car bomb prank is incredible if you like
guns explosions drone shots crying
grandma's cars go check it out it's
super awesome on his channel romanatwood
so on that note I will see you guys
again tomorrow and I'm going to be
probably going somewhere cool today so
there should be a cool blog tomorrow
goodbye I found someone else so be
nearby fine hello tell anymore
dream I still see a lot of green in your
hair yeah I look at the years i'm not
even sure when I was when I was young I
actually died the top of my hair blonde
Delia and then it would turn green if I
went in the pool it looks nice well far
from that yeah it did I saw before you
post exam I still have a lot of yeah
hose the law or shower a shower would be
a better option I don't know I don't
know if you want if you lay in the
Cardinals yourself up that's good
