hey pretty people hey guys i'm about to
go walk to the pier the Santa Monica
Pier I'm gonna go say hi to my friend
may see you guys know she's one who
works at Nintendo and she lives in New
York but she's here visiting and they're
doing an event down there so I'm going
to go down say hello to her with some
nintendo stuff and then yeah i'm excited
to see her so let's go walk to the beer
do it right here i am super high at
nintendo's newest game for wii u cumin
about this game in the new game like
brand new teen idol Charlie team up
woman makes way ninth are you I hope I
get those of you that I know you guys
love gaming and everything
Ricky what's left guys eating the only
guy that could kind of beat me a mortal
kombat everyone everyone can do we get a
rematch I'm not even good I just I just
button mash that's all you guys well
that's not all you I do if you're good
at it then you don't even listen to me
you're probably looking at me like oh
shut up scrub your good body bag all day
but if you're bad just like a demon he's
doubt telling me that he blood matches I
actually was trying to do come along so
maybe that is the way to go I don't know
but uh we got to get some gaming I'll
get multiple streams together too yeah
yeah yeah definitely good this is he who
partook in this I didn't I said I'm not
what juries are the books now it was it
doesn't look super Cheers it looks fun
yeah what's this stuff made out of our
only one I forgot my mouth man I think
it's like it's like grooving
I do yeah it's just like a different mix
of like animal you don't know any I was
waiting I'll say I'm right in here now
my channel is rated let's just toss you
fall yeah I found someone else over here
my fine hello tell anymore we were
completely dream I still see a lot of
green in your hair yeah look in the
chair so I'm not even sure when I was
when I was young I actually died the top
of my hair blonde Delia and then it
would turn green if I went in the pool
it looks nice well five on that yeah it
did I saw before you most about you
still have a lot of yeah hose the law or
shower a shower would be a better option
I don't know I don't know if you want if
you lay in the car and I was yourself up
that's good
see my whole building on the opposite
side of my apartment you can see
everything into my apartment they've
seen everything it's whatever they're
into I give them clean my ass all the
time is called a blog oh yeah I should
get those that's even try for five years
so they see everything you do also
perfect that's you know neighbors well
that was fun I just went down there
actually I only thought of macy was
gonna be there uh Macy told me go down
there and then she's like oh well you'd
go say hi to Justine she's over there I
was like oh yeah I'll go say hi and then
I saw JD and it was good it's good to
see see friends down there um yeah so I
had a fun time I don't know what's going
on right now I i have like sir i keep
things around the house to make like it
could be we could have a birthday or
like maybe we do we could be classy and
wear a bow tie I just happen to have
these things like round we're not gonna
do any of that I don't know I want to
see who's around today and see what's
going on and see who wants to have fun
and see who's available to play with me
today and we will have a will have a
play date of sorts yeah what you guys
didn't know was that Harvey is actually
a sled dog let me rephrase that Harvey
is a green machine sled dog green
machine dog polar polar dog of the dog
of the best dog sleds right you little
fat sled dog let's show them what you
got here I'm gonna set you guys right
here okay and let's let's do some
sledding give me your heart tarvi don't
move that don't move that here let's get
this lemme look
yeah he's a sled dog we decided to get
ice cream so we're here at cold stone
yeah yeah cold something like my one my
favorite ice cream places since i was
young stay like really makes it in you
got sweet cream and oreos crunch bar
it's what I always get so go up front
there I can see it better through there
do they like put it breath and just get
like the toppings on top and I crush
everything into it
yeah lick Pleasure everything then they
mix it into it what's funny is when I
thought I came in what did you ask me
when I came in we're going to put this
Roman what's your name Arnold well now
you're on you're on my way thank you
nothing really went on yesterday so we
decided to go to sleep wake up in an
hour at breakfast with high pvt
oh right yeah hi hi morning
proteins ram oh yeah breakfast burrito
and some Aggies thank you
Green for the copy
I just got back now and i'm downloading
I'm not downloading mario kart 8 i have
mario kart 8 i'm downloading some
downloadable content dlc for so that i
can get 200 cc to play on that mode
because yesterday when I bumped into
Justine I told her I was like let's play
games I will beat you any day at meijer
cut she's like yeah but do you plan
200cc and I was like I don't have that
she's like done with it she's like
there's no way you'll even stay on the
map of that so i'm downloading it now
and i will master that and then we will
play cuz apparently it's it's crazy hard
but on that note I'm gonna end it here
so i can start new blogs do you guys
have a new blog for tomorrow and yes
that's all I got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
I'm excited to have her back
we're going to cause trouble
big
but you have more alcohol
