you happy to be home hard you happy yeah
well hey guys it's a it's a pretty nice
day in LA it just kind of it's not a
break from raining right now it was
raining and now it's stopped
I think it'll start drizzling in like a
second it's good though Helaine eat this
and I enjoy the rain I really like it ah
but what you guys probably been
wondering is why the hell haven't you
been vlogging well that's what I want to
start this off with why am I not been
vlogging well as you know I wasn't gonna
make the announcement and I wasn't gonna
explain myself I was gonna let Robin do
that so as you know by now since you've
seen Romans vlogs that Roman is doing a
reality TV show and I'm one of the
producers on that show I yep so that's
what I do
now here's the thing as we've been
working on it for a little while now and
secretly because you don't really want
to announce lot TV projects they go
forward they don't they're you know it's
still anything can happen with TV that's
the way it works with YouTube I have an
idea I put it up it's up now a TV so I
didn't Roman didn't tell me he didn't
say don't blog he didn't tell me not to
vlog that was just something I decided
that out of respect for him and this new
movement in his life that I didn't want
to expose anything that he didn't have
full control over so I wasn't gonna show
you stuff that he maybe didn't want to
show you yet or want to show you himself
or all that stuff so he was like so what
he gonna be blogging and I was like you
know what
Roman you vlog they'll understand they
love you I mean I pretty much have a
youtube channel because of Roman so in
support for him I held off let him do
all the showing all the announcing all
everything and I figured once I got home
then you guys would understand exactly
what was going on now that I'm back in
LA we actually came back a day early
because it was
so productive we got everything that we
needed to do we knocked off a whole day
off the shooting and came back that
night so we filmed for I was there for
three days yeah and we got a lot done
seriously like 12 to 14 hour days all
day but I'm back in LA I'm here I'm
happy I'm so excited I think that the
show I'm already excited for it before
we shot for it now that we shot it's
like wow I'm really looking forward to
this it'll be good for me good for Roman
good for his family good for everyone
it's just and I know that you guys will
enjoy it so hope for this one this one's
it's exciting but yeah so now let's get
back on our daily grind back here and
we'll keep flogging it sound good oh
look who it is
oh it's nobody no it's Brandon no it's
black face smells Brandon its fuck we're
going to fresh Korean barbeque because
there's nothing better than Korean
barbecue when it's raining out and it is
raining out right now I don't know if
you can see but it is look look at the
puddles they're being rained on huh nope
Brandon time to eat I'm hungry
well that food was was good what is that
no yeah it's a picture of Brandon where
this they're talking about Superman man
oh no no well let's be realistic
yeah let's be realistic huh yeah yeah
there's not a picture it looks like yeah
check out this you guys Romans fish tank
there's one here too
except Roman has like all real corals
and stuff this is we're waiting for it
to get fish and there's fish coming in
there's an eel rich meal
there is
there he is he's not coming off he's
like cool if you walk it into the
conference room in here
look it's my dad's head and that's his
brain yeah that's cool right super cool
I just can't wait to get the fish
because right now it's kind of empty
there's Neil and like two little fish so
we'll get them soon all right
yeah what's two things up and we're
gonna take this while we slide it and
almost slide back in there so this is
the doorway I got this well watch I'll
be hydrated oh well I'm helping you
gotta help with this wall - okay we're
moving a wall wall you're supposed to be
holding on I will okay it's gonna fall
okay okay okay go get the ladder I'm
holding it this wall Brandon you want to
hold them all up you're saying that
there you go don't you go back a little
bit yeah right really no I don't know I
think it's pretty even it's good huh
yeah do you like your new wall dad
I don't know what it's 2 o'clock
dad this is coming you just forgot it's
not a - the wall I left the office now
thank you that's thank you yes
I'm driving right now to go pick up
someone you guys haven't seen in a while
like a year I'm picking up Ashley to go
to dinner actually for those either
don't know she's a good friend of mine
from that long lives for inflatable now
she's right here now she's here but from
South Africa and for those of you that
have been around for a you know Ashley
she's uh she's South African and she's a
friend of mine yeah didn't tell me to
make it left here I don't think so I
don't think it did ah I'm not paying
attention to it I need to start paying
attention to my GPS I don't know where
I'm going but I'm picking her up right
now you know what you know what I'm
really excited about
all of this food I'm really excited
about
oh and Ashley is great but but I'm
excited to have and I think we're going
to cause trouble
but you have more alcohol
oh that was good check out how bad our
drainage system is here in LA it's so
bad cuz it's been raining look at this I
don't know if you can see it down there
the water is at is over the sidewalk and
in some other areas in some other areas
it gets so much like the there's people
over trying to unblock storm drains we
have the worst drainage system ever so
when it finally rains it just floods
everywhere it's like it's pretty crappy
but that's the way LA is we're just not
prepared for this rain at all okay guys
well that's all I got for you for today
let's get back on track let's keep doing
this let's now that I'm back and cats
out of the bag
surprised out of the box fist is out of
the butt is that is that a phrase I
don't think so but it feels like like
that would be a big relief as well right
so anyway let's get back let's start
doing some fun stuff we'll go back to
daily I just explained to in the
beginning why it was the way it was and
I know you guys will understand because
you guys are awesome like that so on
that note I'm out I just got back from
the gym I got to take a shower because I
stink I smell like stink crotch so I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
you want to hold Oh
there you go
