for the Mad Libs challenge we're going
to be doing all the methods on my phone
yep here and we have a whole bunch this
the topic for these medalist Kama Sutra
is the Kama Sutra I'm already excited
about this can be funny yeah these
fellows will be just as much of a
surprise to us as it will be to you guys
because it'll be the first time you seen
all we have to do is enter in the word
and when we're done it'll throw it into
a story for us I'm very funny story
hopefully and just list it up we're
going to use keeper
strawberry keeper basically liquid
yogurt it yet like it's it's cultured
milk smoothie is what it says and
they're going to have a mouthful of it
while the other one reads it and it
should be really funny
yes so if I read it to him you have to
try to hold this in his mouth keeper is
called the champagne of Dairy due to a
slightly effervescent fizzy nature hello
I just notice of the sick I've never had
tea for everybody funny I will ask you
the words and then here we go let's the
cuff take this stuff is much oh oh that
is some big goo penis please our thing
on the still up there I'm sure it's good
it should sound weird the art of kissing
yeah adjective is floppy one shirt now
let's number seven adjectives according
morning shad part of the body plural
nipples
I like nipple verb ending in ing humping
yes yes yes yes
number 11 part of the body plural testes
testes yeleen now you know maybe there's
a 40-inch split oh my god no just come
out now that's better
computer part of the body back of the
mouth banana magic is cleaning set now
battery another now toilet now copper
name
adjective orgasmic or GAD yeah you are
now done alright every fill your mouth
with that cultured fermented milk
flavored of fresh strawberries you know
you're fast okay oh this case I'm going
to move my cup so that you don't spray
it into my cup ready the art of kissing
according to the Kama Sutra
one of the most bloppy aspects of lip
making is kissing you may think that you
outgrew kissing when you were seven
years old but thinking grant think again
the secrets of horny sexes to understand
that locking nipples is just as
important as humping there are 11 types
of kissing described in the Kama Sutra
there's the straightest where to set the
testes are brought into the rest contact
sitters if your foundation there's a
turn kiss where one computer holds the
head and the back of the knee of the
other banana quotient turns up very
creamy smooth
yes hell yes thank you the kiss a
weakness happens when a battery kids the
woman who is asleep or pretending to be
asleep in her toilet just be careful of
morning tottering kids easy easy to
learn orgasmic to master in the things
you just orgasms off my counter that is
so disgusting
oh my god Dennis I just feel you're
trippin on your mouth and oh it is now
my turn oh my gosh what a mess okay
ready
let's go yeah Addison slimy
now keep verb ending in ing slurping
slurping slimy penis on it and then you
earlier is that you like testing I did
yeah you Dale these are yummy intestines
and then said yeah what's the next word
a place Africa now whoo adjective
grateful adjectives like plural now
boners now labia oh my god this is
gooder we got a last rose it's keep
system to come out and every last penny
later now flap like a slaps my gosh
laughing part of the body plural because
I would love to just cut this video up
you know you typically play buddy
part of the body plural this is where
you went this is but now dog part of the
body plural fingers verb touch all right
okay key for this
mmm-hmm no it's disgustingly very pretty
all right this is watersports written by
Dennis works if you want to keep things
slimy with your longtime penis you have
to shake it up try moving your love
slurping sessions outside of Africa and
into a more aquatic group the back the
phrase graceful when wet and never stop
it so fuck you here's a lizard boner to
draw seahorse a lot of the a lot like
the reverse labia girl but koala kid ego
if it was disgusting
Niagara Falls ask your flaps massage
your toes survive with soapy little hot
tub huh crouched on top of your dog and
user hot so hug it out on top of your
dog and use your fingers to massage his
fingers as you touch and you touch up
and down this is miss it did you
literally look like you just got out of
a gay bathhouse haha anyways glad you
thought this was funny we also do this
identity Facebook page with chocolate
pudding oh my gosh yeah so go check that
we go for the links in the description
below but I hope you guys enjoyed this
and I will see you guys again soon dr.
Dubois
then then Oh young man
