hey guys happy Cinco DeMayo say Garten
Mario will you probably watching this I
say still o6o me yeah weird as it is I
took this out I was taking out my my
guns and I took that out and then I and
then I said I wanted to go shooting
today I wanted to go to shooting range
and then I sat on my bed and I like lay
back for a second I started tweeting in
the next thing you know and I napped i
napped from like noon ah it's like
dinnertime I screwed that pooch on that
one
whoa how am I gonna sleep tonight oh why
did I fall asleep like that look I'm not
the only one I'm not the only one right
buddy you fell asleep too he's been
sleeping next to me he didn't wake me up
oh do you guys ever do that where you
sit down and sleep and say oh crap where
did my day go well it's still singing a
mile so I still need to find something
to do
where what is life on another episode of
what's in Alex's refrigerator it's
nothing different there's still the
carrots and the cheese and the years
guacamole oh well there's a cold there's
a there's a there's an oatmeal cream pie
in the refrigerator but I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna eat that right now I think
I just can I open these one hand
it took two I would like to not get my
hand stuck it's a no well that was
dinner uh holding it close it
kick Wow it was a great dinner thanks
for joining me for dinner doggie you
want your foot hey Jake's here hi hi hi
hey look here's your food bud there's
your food enjoy it I gotta go let a
fill-up in the elevator
spill come on up
Harvey come eat your food it's a go
tomorrow for Harvey because those are
taco flavored food pellets taco flavor
quiches for my baby yes yeah Cinco
DeMayo because I don't drink during the
week I'm responsible Cinco DeMayo yeah
he goes I'm gonna call you out for not
drinking so I gave him a little call-out
now let's see good about you a lot of
drink I just haven't been drinking
lately I don't feel like drinking I
don't I don't want to course that is
really good I don't know it's just I get
like really bad acid reflux and it's
been great since I've been like cutting
out alcohol so for now we're good yeah
since I have a huge well I want tacos we
can still celebrate with tacos I don't
need to drink yeah I want tacos let's do
that we got some chips and salsa but we
also got some Batman's platter
you enjoying it
I wanna don't double dip
I know it kind of ended abruptly
yesterday because I was just showing you
those tacos but I didn't want to I
didn't want to put up such a short just
vlog filled with nothing so I am
continuing on to today look at you guys
forgive me for that and I'm about to go
pick up Jake I get getting all my guns
ready we're going to shooting range and
a lot of you guys are like please you're
shooting even though we I shot in Ohio
but I know you guys want to see some
guns so I'm taking Jake to go shooting
for it's like only his second time ever
shooting guns I want him to shoot that
beast revolver so I gotta go pick him up
right now and then we'll be on our way
yeah you're in the red
we have someone here that's never shot
and they are you're not gonna shoot it
it's just a few rounds it's I'm putting
my face right on it it's not bad no no
it has pretty it's not like a shotgun or
anything like that it's really easy I
promise
well I'll get it set up I'm gonna take
your safety off there you go and now you
could just shoot it go for it it's not
bad
was the last one
try again nope that was your last one
you want to hold you I'll feel the Oh
Jake is going for my for the big one for
the four six the Irish I only have two
rounds and we didn't vlog me shooting it
but at least I'll get happy and snap
it's your first time so Lowell in make
sure it's aimed downrange to take that
shot you don't have to pull it back you
could just shoot yeah you're good
you just shoot
it's double-action
well I see where the bullet went oh my
god yeah bring it in bring it in more
Jay I love it
it's this big one right through the
dudes heart
you guys are trust me with mashaallah
Jake when is your heart on your on your
right side if you're an alien
hey pootie you tired you tired ya heart
is tired he's ready to go to bed well I
had fun I had a good time I want to go
shooting down already
I love it it's a really fun fun thing to
do the fun thing to do and I hope you
guys enjoyed watching you know sometimes
it gets a little scary when people
haven't shot before and they're they're
handling something that could easily
take your life I didn't even know it was
loud there so I that the girl's name her
name is Liz she's from Wisconsin and my
friend Greg brought her and he was she
was like stopping by to shoot before he
was gonna take her to LAX to go fly to
Wisconsin where she's from so she had
fun though I kind of forced her into
shooting the AR cuz she she was kind of
scared of it she was like if I shoot
this is it gonna hit me in the face it's
like only if you hit yourself in the
face with it but other than that no but
we had a good time so hope you guys
enjoyed watching and yeah I'm going to
bed
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
boom I guess what
we get a hundred fifty thousand
subscribers why it's going all bloody
it's it's blurry time ya know uh blurry
there you go there you go there you go
yeah hundred fifty
