hey guys good morning good afternoon
good evening it's a great day today it's
it's the first start of my day so I
don't know if it's a good whole day but
it's a it's a great start and i am i'm
driving right now to to the gym i'm
going to the gym cuz I didn't get to
work out at all i was at Romans so now i
gotta get back on my gym grind yeah
feels like i haven't been in forever but
that's what I feel cuz I go in the gym
five days a week and then if I miss a
week like when I was at Robins it feels
like forever if I if I don't go so I'm
just I'm just happy to be going back and
getting back on my my my stuff Miami
daily routine so let's from head right
now and just gonna start the day off
right just took a shower all good
feeling great with jeans now I'm gonna
go walk back down where the gym is and
go meet my sister for lunch cuz she's
just a trip so time to eat
yeah salad time
down down down down south
it's bedtime beta that's what time it is
we got another package here don't worry
it's not more oatmeal cream pies by the
way yes I know I'm an idiot i found out
they sell them here i just didn't see
them in the store okay so we ordered the
winner amazon i got guys I saw your
comments okay we were new package okay
yeah yeah yeah this you can't buy in
vons but you can buy in other stores but
I still like to buy things on iphone
because it's easier ah come on open open
the package ah got that yeah okay boom
it's so pretty that's pretty that's
pretty I got myself a new camera I got
the Canon 70d now I already have the 7d
there's actually more expensive care
with us but this one this DSLR has full
auto focus while you should like
continuous autofocus but no the other
dsm the other kid and DSLRs do not some
other companies have made it but
obviously I want my lenses to be
interchangeable between my cameras and i
already have canon lenses and they're
great and lenses you end up spending a
lot more on a good lens that you do want
a good camera if you're going for DSLR
so this one has a flip-out screen and
continuous autofocus so i could aim it
towards me set it up when we do
challenge videos and stuff like that I
don't always have to have a camera guy I
can literally set up make videos myself
because I can see I always want to use
my my DSLR my 7d but I would literally
have to like check the focus I don't
have a flip-out screen so I'd have to
like kind of guess then go do it and
then check and if I happen to move out
of the focal length I'll be blurry so
I'm excited for this this was something
I liked just pull the trigger on up I'm
it is gonna make my videos better and I
don't care you know to buy it if it's
gonna make the quality better than I
have so this also be good for the drinks
channel coming back because I do like
this the colors better indoor on DSLR
than I do on my Saudi which is what I
used before and I had to try to do color
correction ended up looking a lot like a
loaf I filter on Instagram so this would
be a huge help I'm happy oh I do this
yeah he's investigate my sisters you
getting sorry so cam is trying the
oatmeal cream pie for the first time how
is it criminal it's creamy and delicious
right I said to that apparently you
could get it here like if we went we
can't get at the bonds that I check but
like if you go like a mile and a half
way or whatever at the albertsons they
have yourself a time why not ordered off
amazon amazon is the best that's where i
get everything and that's where i have
this camera oh look at this guy's let's
open this let's I'm not gonna throw it
okay
come on out out now I need to try to do
this as carefully as possible there we
go there it is there's that 70d this is
what I love about it not only the
continuous autofocus up don't drop this
off that that would not be good one hand
it makes this dip okay there we go it
has this awesome screen that I could oh
I'm just ruining everything that turns
boom so now I could see what i'm doing
and still hook oh I'm dropping the
camera and hook it up a mic and
everything I think this will be this is
this good for like the challenge videos
and stuff so I'm looking forward to
using it I gotta charge up that battery
I'm at jakes place now just cuz I want
to come over here for dinner cuz I was
left alone Kevin and my sister would
dinner and I was sitting I was sitting
alone and I wait to be a lot of gold
digging coming over my so we're gonna
try a bribe you place we just looked up
on Yelp called boy boy boy look good huh
it's like an Asian fusion place so we're
gonna head over there right now well
this looks so good Jacob pork belly but
i'll let it focus
boy very well
you know mine came out first and get me
wait well you should always wait for
everyone to have their food before you
eat Jane it's manners this isn't a date
house is it a date can we pretend okay I
got fried chicken white also and eyes up
yeah a rice bowl oh good good just got
back to Jake stay on that food was good
here if you guys are ever in what area
is that what is the sitting room are
canoga park yak another part go to ie ie
it was really good it was tasty some
tasty treat some tasty food for my mouth
and my soul it was great time to head
back home to Santa Monica Jake you're
staying here yes Jay this uh yeah this
is his wares parents normally resides
but they're not you know so he's
house-sitting so I got drive all the way
back Santa Monica which isn't too bad
it's like 35-40 minutes later and get to
see get some sleep isn't dead William
littered oh and guys guess what guess
what we hit a hundred fifty thousand
subscribers yeah
was it's going all blurry it's it's
blurry time yeah gulps doubler e there
you go there you go there you go yeah
150,000 subscribers did it you did it
you guys are amazing yeah that's the
song oh I love you guys thank you thank
you thank you hey Harvey did you hear
did you hear we're at honor 50,000
subscribers buddy yeah yeah where Harvey
non-scholars you doing dance to the
harbor dance oh yeah they're go shake
that hand shake your head yeah buddy
we're doing okay we're doing okay I'm
exhausted though I need to I need to go
to sleep we'll take him out to go pee
and I'm gonna head to bed but you guys
thank you rather satisfying to say
that's just thank you i love you we are
making this happen and this is only the
beginning so let's keep it going we got
new things ahead of us new days ahead of
us new videos ahead of us new fun times
let's make new memories and we will we
will do everything we want to do and on
that note goodnight i'll see you
tomorrow goodbye that's good right there
take that some of this perfect um my
hands are all all messy yeah who cares
Joe this open this up
