hey guys how's it going hey Harv what
are you what are you doing boy you
finish your food you finish your
breakfast feeling good feeling happy so
why I'm feeling good I'm feeling happy
how are you guys feeling I don't know
what today's Sunday for me at least not
for you but for me it's sunday and today
is the day that we today is the day that
we I don't know what today I don't know
what will we do today but whatever we do
we will do it right yeah how many times
a day do you guys walk over to your
refrigerator and hope that there's
something amazing in there and you know
that there's not really something
amazing in there like you open your
refrigerator and you're like hey there's
orange juice and olives and barbecue
sauce maybe in this tortoise there's
there's cheese and some some carrots and
then maybe some like used guacamole
what do we make I know I know take this
open that go is this even open perfect
take a like a carrot that's good right
there take that some of this perfect um
my hands are all Oh messy yeah who cares
yeah this open this up I can't because
of my guacamole hands so we wash wash
wash wash the hands dry Valley we
carefully carefully they're still
guacamole on here this is one headed at
stop it
yeah why do you do this to me good okay
two heads two heads
yeah well that was easy shall we take
cheese there we go and we have ourself
great food time god I just love to go
your refrigerator fight amazing food
don't get better than that would that be
funny that actually happened really
there's actually nothing there and I
actually didn't touch anything the
guacamole still there the carrots are
still there the cheese is still here
what you just saw was a figment of your
imagination none of it actually just
happened it did it I don't know what to
actually have for breakfast but i do
have eggs are they still good sell by a
428 that's that's passed i think
can you can you smell if eggs are good i
don't i don't think so i guess maybe you
shouldn't cook an egg if it's past due
oh it's broken oh it's leaking uh how is
ah ah ah and what are you doing if I'm
trying to save it huh taking shots yes
still tastes like it's fine i think i
could i think it's okay to eat I was
stupid well if i die i love you guys ah
are you ever in one of those moods where
you're just like so crazy right now i'm
so hyper then I just maybe it's too bad
egg I don't know maybe the baggage just
made it crazy but I ever in those moods
where you're like hyper and you just
wanna dance I guess boil your saturday
and it just like wants to come out I
have no one to dance with how you danced
with Harvey but Harvey's pretty lazy
he's bad dancer when H was there but I
opened up my snapchat right now and I
told people hey you know what snap me of
you dancing if you send me and stop you
dancing i will send you one back of me
dancing I don't know if it'll still be
unlocked when you're watching this but
I'd want to dance and they're gonna send
me dance stuff so I could dance with
them that's what we're doing cuz I'm
going crazy here what do we what do we
do what do we would we do I want dance
let's dance yeah it's time to dance
let's check out some of these dances
here's Thomas Farnell one what is this
thank you for getting John thank you for
Nancy college fund all that was I like
your dance now I'm gonna I'm gonna send
him a day it's back cuz I told her what
I would sum of a dance back they said me
when I'm gonna keep watching these and
we're gonna just dance I just want to
dance I'm kids on the block fuck you go
away i've been to dance by myself it's
mail time man time to feel its heroes
mail time it's from amazon so let's open
package ah yeah okay I'm excited because
I I know it why because this was
something I saw or hand in Ohio we just
don't have it here why I'll i know that
i checked but amazon does amazon has it
what did I get who I like it check this
out ready I'm gonna show my face right
now Oh check this out boom Oh real cream
pies I told my sister and care about it
and they were like 100 peel creampies
like you guys got tried to and we went
with looked and they don't sell it here
so we're like well we can find on amazon
boom oatmeal cream pies the big bag he
has given up it was on yeah oh we went
we went hard with this one look at who
showed up at Casa de Alex Jake Jake
Sullivan now it's casa de alex call Jake
hi hey guys what's up what's up been a
while but I'm here and you're here I'm
here and uh we're gonna do stuff right
yeah you're here and we're gonna do
stuff I have a little devil you see ya
that idea you don't have audio cream
pies and rebels you know what happens if
you do that I only knew about this
because I have family on the East Coast
I know I was ready to vlog him like I
was like you ready to try something good
and he's like yeah I've had that because
my family's of these goats is like damn
it cuz i know i want a Roman gave them
to me for my first time but i'll try to
get riley and cam when they have for
their first time huh I don't know I
think we're gonna play some video games
that's totally new for you guys right
you guys haven't seen us play games so
we're just gonna go I'm probably not
gonna vlog next I don't want to I don't
want to I'm trying to keep all these
things separate now so now when I twitch
it's twitch when I YouTube stuff when I
block when I YouTube when I vlog of blog
so let's let's keep these things
separate and together we can be in
separate rooms we keep our pants on and
have ourselves a safe in good time well
we killed it on the stream I made a lot
of people angry cuz i decided i was just
gonna like cut it short I was like you
know I'm not feeling this rather than
just throwing dragon arms like I believe
goodbye and he stopped it there were
with crazy that I was like going crazy
Harvey did go crazy but everyone else is
like oh my god whatever is my stream I
know what I want but Jake's heading out
now and so I don't think you put their
Harvey Harvey you can't care of her now
hurry haha is mine Jaime your mind you
are mine okay okay yeah hit me up
tomorrow you gotta push something should
check out the way sloppy I will why but
I I'm not surfing you those photos I
could I could take pictures of you
search yeah I could do that bye bye yeah
well uh when I lived in Malibu because I
have my really long zoom lens for my
camera when he would go out surfing I
would shoot from the from the beach and
I could literally like I wasn't all the
way zoom dinner also be too close that I
make I could well I have a 70-200 lens
with a 2 x extender so I'm like right on
him when he's surfing but yeah so he's
gonna do that I don't know I don't know
what I had Adam had fun day today I was
I like it up mood Jake's like it's
probably cuz it's a formal about all I
know
as I've just been like wired all day as
you have seen I think that's all i got
for for today so i hope that you guys
enjoyed watching i hope that you we
didn't go out and do much but i think
that we had a good time i did you guys
enjoy yourself cuz cuz i enjoyed me I
enjoyed myself I oh I I kept myself
really good company and then Jake came
for a little bit but um no I still have
joined my Sunday it was pretty relaxing
even though I was like so hyped up for
some weird reason I have no idea why but
yeah whoo let's have let's have fun
together all again I feel like this is
this is like we kind of like went like a
little slits little slope before no now
we're having fun again we're enjoying
ourselves so let's do this let's keep
going let's uh let's just let's just
have a good time that's what this is
supposed to be about you guys supposed
to have a good time I'm so stopping it
let's do it so on that note I will see
you guys getting tomorrow goodbye what
are you asking me Mom what's a what some
things you just don't tell your mom what
uh what are you are you and your friends
talking about this you're looking it up
don't look it up don't look what's it
look so bad
