hey guys it's a new day and I am heading
later to my parents house to go watch
the fight that have a little party thing
and I'm excited for that right now since
I'm back I realized Harvey doesn't have
much food left so I'm gonna go up I have
some more food so he has so he has
plenty of food to last a while and then
I'll just make sure that the vlog that
you guys have already seen gets up
because it's uploading right now
and then I'll be on my way out there you
enjoying that food buddy yeah oh you
finished you finished good boy good boy
oh no you didn't yeah I found one build
there's a surprise for you he loves its
food he's a fat boy just like its Danny
yeah his food is so it's that's it
anyway yeah so he's happy gonna spend
some time with him I'm deciding I'm
debating if I want to bring him to my
parents house or not we'll see we'll see
we'll see buddy
you want to come he's like shaking is
that no that's just him doing his happy
dance well after he eats he like shakes
his head back and forth busy he's happy
to eat to say look watch see he's a
funny boy I'm getting pretty hungry but
I don't want to eat I'm trying to like
eat healthier now and stuff and it's
early on the day so I want to eat
something good a good healthy snack that
I could just show you this because it's
easy and it's good
take some like whole-wheat bread I mean
I guess you could use whatever you want
but I like whole-wheat bread and you
toast it I don't have a toaster after
all this time being here I still don't
so I'm just gonna throw it on here cuz
it'll still toast it I guess I don't
know we'll see you both yeah they both
fit I'm gonna toast those and then it's
supposed to just have like avocado and
then crushed red pepper on top and
that's pretty much it like instead of
spreading like butter or something on
your toast or jelly which is a lot sure
you just spread avvocato but I I happen
to have like a little container of extra
guacamole from yesterday when I got the
Chipotle so I'm just gonna use that and
put some fresh red pepper and it's
actually really good so let me toast
this up I'm gonna make it I'll shave it
looks like now I just take the crushed
red pepper make a mess with it there you
go
and it actually tastes really good and
if you notice I'm using paper plates and
a paper and a plastic fork a knife like
the way Robin doesn't every I saw all my
comics like a push yet Romans because
you're using paper plates with plastic
utensils well using them here too so
it's just an easier cleanup but it's
actually really good and I know I'm
gonna get a lot of crap from you guys
when you guys are like oh look at you're
trying to get healthier then later in
the vlog eating like crap the reason I'm
trying to eat a little healthier now is
one this is all I have right now in the
apartment and two later on when I go to
the party of my parents house for the
fight and stuff there are a lot of food
that's completely unhealthy that I am
definitely gonna just devour so might as
well starting off right and then go out
with a bang right just got to my parents
house and I did end up bring your little
buddy you're right
are you excited to go and you're just
trying to get in you're just trying to
get in close Oh what are you taking me
we can't go that way we go this way he
won't ruin anything he never runs
anything filming whoo wait I'm getting
him next I think she likes it
I walked into the kitchen and I noticed
the back of my sister's head and she's a
chair facing the corner but says right
before me
this is where you're gonna sit for the
fight yeah okay well enjoy I'll be over
there when I was younger I was super
into skateboarding and biking and
everything I actually used to BMX race
surprisingly that's when I was like
super fit at one point I actually not
even a lie I had like a six pack but
that's just because I we didn't have our
license our driver's license that's what
really kills a lot of people because I
used to skateboard everywhere and biking
but the reason why I'm telling you that
is because we were so into it that we
want to like make her own decks and
everything check out this this one I
never actually put any trucks or
anything on it but I made this I just
thought it was really sick maybe she's
like hang this up somewhere this is from
when I was younger I made this i shaped
it myself just seriously just bought
like a like a square piece of of wood
and made this thing stained it myself
and sealed it it does have the holes
drilled so that I could put trucks if I
want to but I think that it is super
sick for a board see looking at here
I'll shape see like it is it is still
good placement for for skating still
good size and everything I don't know I
think it's super sick I I didn't even
know where this was it must've they must
have just found it recently and I just
found again forgot I ever even did that
I'm just excited to eat here because
look at what my dad ordered her food
this to pull up in front of the house
why me can't you switch in the kitchen
when the best can do it I like the
Americas shirt and then Canter's deli
yeah whatever worry it's a deli truck
where would you eat yeah what are you
where you are who you eat you are what
you eat
you poop what you eat
yep I'm excited for this I know you're
looking forward to it I decided to try I
saw they had like a weird soda they had
a celery by the focus a celery soda and
it's actually really good I was worried
but it tastes really good they said was
really popular
just you and me right now no one else is
here except Riley because she's holding
the camera money we're gonna do this and
we're gonna do this right oh my god yeah
is it really really good look at who
just showed up
oh not here for you or the fight I'm
here for the Canter's truck I actually
said I said wear this be so excited
actually I don't know if I said that
maybe I said that I've already
forgetting let's get more food yeah
Alex money when I lived with him we used
to drive like an hour just to come to
Canter's yeah now it's here now I walk
down the stairs and we just could get it
yeah they even have multiple oh my god
honey we have two places we're gonna be
playing this fight here people watch
either here which is just like a family
room or
that's theatres that's that's probably
the best place to watch it that's what
Brenda and I are gonna be watching it
right now it's the undercard fights so
I'm looking forward to it while we're
waiting for the main fight to begin
Brenda and I are gonna play some games
we got like the pool table here and
everything and this is the original area
51 I've had this game for like over 15
years and it's still in like perfect
condition barely like no scratches on
here just a little bit the accuracy is
still perfect they made a lot of like
versions of this afterward this is the
original area 51 that I got when I was
really young and it's still amazing
Brenda and I are gonna play one place up
just do it
tap your Start button yeah you'll see
exactly let's go from the beginning we
can't see right now because they're home
ready Hitler
ready she's still full accurate
I've had that game so long that Brandon
was getting so pissed because he can't
even like I just know where the guys
come out so I kill them and the kills
were seven kills for him and 53 for me
and he's like ah whatever we're done
let's go watch the game and it's not
because I'm better than him at the
shitty part of it just I know where the
guys are gonna be so he has to think
when he sees them for me I just shoot
shoot shoot do you how do you feel about
that Brendan what are you asking me mum
what's a what some things you just don't
tell your mom what what are you are you
and your friends talking about this
you're looking it up don't look it up
with a bean yes yes Oh honestly the best
view here at the house is on the side
here check this out all that is over
there it's actually a national park and
it goes on for so long all it's just a
mountain range there's no buildings
there's no housing there's nothing it's
just open land 4 acres and acres and
acres and acres like mountains down
there so especially that's right where
the Sun sets and it's amazing I wish I
got a little earlier she could see but
it's it's really collapse why we have
that bench set up there because it looks
amazing
the tale of a fight even free
No
well joy takes a lot and now I'm gonna
kick Mendel yes your mom I just wish
there was some more action that plan I
don't know about you guys I feel like it
should have been like a more intense my
my name is what it is I was 14 Pacquiao
that didn't happen I guess
whoa whoa whoa here we go here we go
what was that did you bump it let's go
buddy
time to go home just got back to my
apartment Harvey you just had yourself a
good PB and I think it's time for me to
go to bed I'm tired now I don't need to
go out of the Saturday
you don't always need to go out just
because it's the weekend I'm just gonna
go to sleep so I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching I had so much fun today
and yeah hopefully we could just
continue to have more and more and more
and more fun throughout the all the days
and to come and through everything and
we could we can do stuff okay guys
that's it I'm gonna go to bed I'll see
you guys again tomorrow good bye now
that we're on you now I decided to not
really going out and doing anything we
are gonna do like a live Q&A it's live
for them not alive for you but it's okay
because that means you could join us
next time you do this but here this is
so that you could see everyone everyone
say hello yay hello hello long walk walk
walk walk walk walk walk you the kind of
just goes up it yeah anyway so that's
what's going on and go ahead and ask me
questions
