hey ha ha hey guys clearly I'm still a
little stuffed up whatever we shall go
on I slept in a lot today I needed to
sleep still feel like congested and
stuff but actually much better than last
night which go got some emergen-c
vitamin C that I've been drinking in my
water get some vitamin C go and Harvey's
just hang in you just finished eating
right buddy yeah okay will you just
chill there and I don't know what is
going on today cuz I'm not trying to do
anything super active I want to make
sure I can clear this out of my system
so that we could have fun times and
stuff so we'll see we'll see what today
brings us yeah I really didn't feel like
going out and grab it i didn't eat but
using my appt post weights that a lot of
you guys see me use they can order
anything from anywhere I got my boat lay
breathable yeah this is this is the good
stuff oh I like this how i get a lot
I feel better already Riley and camp
just we really going to dinner and
although I already ate to my Chipotle I
was they invited me to join them and I
don't want to sit in the house all day
thanks for inviting me welcome but I did
have to just treat myself
strawberry milkshake because I allow you
to write up a kid yeah that's all I got
I'm not getting any food I'm just gonna
have this enjoy myself right now this is
so hard on me right now to like go from
like the whole week i was at Romans
place we were all doing fun stuff is so
easy to like vlog you know it's almost
the point where you're like oh you
vlogging so much stuff throughout the
day like even though I was I was trying
not to vlog same stuff as Roman and vice
versa stuff like that but now that I'm
back and I'm I'm actually feeling much
better now as the day goes on my nose is
like clearing up and everything so
should be pretty good by tomorrow but
I'm like freaking out that I just I'm
trying to have more more content for
these vlogs I can't go for my cool vlogs
to just disappointing you guys that's
this and then I see you know in the
comments like I'm happy that you have
all these new vlogs because i'm trying
to stay completely consistent with you
guys now you guys are shown a lot of
supports i need to give it back to you
guys i just need to figure out like some
stuff that I could do and today I'm not
really doing much because I'm trying to
get better so i don't know i was
thinking i'm gonna go live right now on
you now so that at least a while i'm
back i could chat with some of you guys
live that already be yesterday for those
of you watching now but um well i'm
trying to find some good stuff we'll
find some good stuff to do so now that
we're on you now I decided since I'm not
really going out and doing anything we
are gonna do like a live Q&A it's live
for them not live for you but it's okay
because that means you could join us
next time you do this but here this is
so that you could see everyone everyone
say hello oh yeah hello hello vlog wah
wah wah wah wah wah wah gwan you it kind
of just goes up it yeah anyway so that's
what's going on and go ahead and ask me
questions Jessica at pablos is how did
you feel about living with Roman at one
in the Dudesons well let me just tell
you
I feel a lot safer now but I did have a
great time and I I'm happy to be home
but it was a it was actually an amazing
time I had a great time what food do you
like says pika pika meow I i love all
food everything everything that tastes
good but my favorite is like sushi here
all his Asian foods like korean BBQ or
any day that Raymond Vasquez is Alex who
inspired you to make a youtube channel
actually Roman inspired me to make a
youtube channel well it not really make
a youtube channel i had a youtube
channel but I was really using it i was
just using a temple of videos Roman was
the one was like just do vlogs or
something I was like I don't know if I
could do that and then I did it and I
can stuck with it and I've been loving
it ever since if you could live anywhere
in the world where would you live says
uh Alton II I would live in LA I've just
grown up here was raised here this is
what I know there's everything to do
here and I don't know I just couldn't
imagine myself living anywhere else who
do I think is going to win the fight
well by the time people are seeing this
the fight may already been might have
already happened or something cuz it's
happening tomorrow but today for you
guys later baby I don't know I think
Pacquiao so if I'm wrong then you guys
couldn't help me on it but I think back
now at least I walk pack you out of it
what happened to the drinks channel you
have most of us is drew the drinks
channel will be coming back Britney BG
is in Hawaii until the fourth that's a
few days when she comes back we're gonna
start doing the drinks channel again the
drinks videos will be back up very soon
and we'll get back on top of that Oscar
says how hard is it to do your hair in
the morning it's not hard at all I
literally take a shower colored back and
then I put wax in it and then run my
fingers through it that's that's what
happens it's super easy Alex s says do
you have a middle name and if so what is
it my middle name is set like Seth Rogen
yeah that's my middle name sofia and z
says why do you wear black i know a lot
of you guys ask me why do i always wear
black and you know what I love black
black is my favorite color and no some
you're gonna say it's not a color it's a
shade yeah well you know what you can go
suck a fruit or something like a like a
pineapple but why wear black is actually
my belief in taking out as many things
in your day that you are going to
distract you from what you should be
doing so like and I thought this was
just me my way of thinking but
apparently this is like a lot of people
do this if I when I wake up in the
morning it gives me one less thing to
think about throughout the day to open
up a drawer and pull out of a stack of
black shirts open up the next door pull
out my black jeans I have my black socks
and shoes I always look the same it's
not that I care about looking the same
we're looking different or anything like
that it's just about I don't have that
that thought of what should I wear today
takes out that one thought one extra
thought that you don't need throughout
the day and the funny thing was is I
told my friends know this and they sent
me a speech that Mark Zuckerberg had and
they asked him why he always wears the
same thing and literally in his speech
he said I wanted to take one thing out
of my day that I hit the night so that I
didn't have to think about that it was
one thing that I wanted to give myself
one less thing to think about and I was
like well hey if CEO facebook says it
must be true but that's the way I've
been for a long time with my black love
but that's the reason I think that this
is a good time for me to get i watch I
have a new idea it's it's not only my
idea it's something that came from a lot
of you guys who have been watching my
twitch streams everything you guys have
been asking for this a lot for so for
the past few weeks a lot of you've
already known up and do this because you
watch my life stuff but for those who
don't everyone's been saying yes the
drinks shadows coming back but also just
my Alex Mandel channel which I was just
going to put pranks on but now I'm
thinking like we could do more fun stuff
like challenges and every
and so the past few weeks I've been
asked for ideas but I haven't gotten a
lot so I was I think i figured i would
turn to you guys to get exactly what you
want i want to do fun challenge videos
and stuff with guests and with friends
and and everything and upload those is
like standalone videos not in this vlog
channel but on the Alex Mandel channel
to kind of revive that and get that
going and have some fun on there so if
you guys have any ideas for challenges
that you want to see or that you've seen
other people do that you want to see me
try with certain people go ahead and
give me suggestions on on things you
want to see on challenges and who you
would want to see them with who I should
collab what to do these challenges with
it i'll try to make sure i get them to
come to it so on that note that's all i
have for you guys for today I apologize
if it's not as thrilling and
entertaining as a vlog could be but I
was getting over being sick today I feel
much better i'm about to head over to my
parents house cuz they're having like a
little party thing for the fight tonight
so that should be more of a fun vlog for
you guys to go and watch that so
tomorrow but that's what i have for you
for today I didn't want to give you know
vlog I want to make sure I have
something for you so there you go and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
oh hello I'm home and more importantly
I'm safe boy you look like really high
yep you wanna know what the worst part
about the whole thing was no locks on
the doors that's what made it really
scary they gave me where you're sleeping
it was bad it was bad
