hey guys it's a time to go home we're
gonna go to the airport and a few
everyone's kind of just getting packed
up suitcases everything I'm sure okay
Roman and Brittany are happy Dudesons
are leaving as their house can go back
to some we'll go back to being clean
we I had so much fun here in a feijoada
and it's so different than la which is
awesome just sounds comical you can do
whatever you want here so thanks thanks
for having me
dude I'm so good uh I don't want house I
get you know oh oh that's disgusting hey
the good thing is you'll be back in what
two weeks he just gave me a wet willy
I don't even share I can see your chills
oh my god oh this is just I'm gonna go
for alcohol in my ear haha just got to
the airport and
let us say our goodbyes Dudesons and I
are on the same flight like the same
flights a little bit nervous about that
but it's good to see you
I'll be back a couple weeks yup
two weeks or so to a student's a three
weeks I'll be back yeah not even kidding
so yeah it's time to time to go home I
never
nope nope
it's not over to my back that one
how to get to sleep
nope that's look at my Oh y'all here
that's good
like four times
every time
it's bigger than that as students I'd
wake up just go
I'll be some home going to a safe zone
could be hope well I don't have to grab
my bags and they do so this is where we
this is where we hand oh oh sorry I
totally miss dad I handed that's good
you guys not a good time I feel I feel
for me too that's accident that's the
welcome and the goodbyes and how I need
to sit down for a while son yeah back at
my building
and my elevator waiting to come up bill
up I'm exhausted beyond in Boston let's
see what I owe Harvey
hey hey hey how are you buddy how are
you buddy he's a handful oh hello I'm
home and more importantly I'm safe you
look like really high yep you wanna know
what the worst part about the whole
thing was no locks on the doors that's
what made it really scary they gave you
where you're sleeping it was bad it was
bad
my dad's been having a little uh little
trouble lately if he needs our twins no
you know why I wear these what because
sometimes I'll go to a movie and I don't
want to miss anything or a man a party I
never leave I never leave the party you
just won't crap your pants
know I can be like right in the middle
of this vlog see done okay I can smell
it
I sorry guys I we're at the story now
cuz I'm getting what what tylenol sinus
I think I have like a really bad I was
gonna say he's defective inside it's
infection Oh cold or something I'm so
tired and that's why I'm over here and
he's over there but I just need to sleep
and I'm so stuffed up maybe it's all the
flour and everything but it doesn't feel
good you know what I was going crazy
about this whole week was that I didn't
get to be with my buddy
like with my boy right Harvey nuts oh
you got it watch watch not you have the
ball you gonna come back to your daddy
Harvey come bring you back over here oh
you ditched me
come here I knew you were just kidding
buddy oh yeah this is this is how I
missed to try to clear up my naval stuff
my dad actually just bought me if you
went over to store bought me a neti pot
so you fill this with whistle water you
put like this like saline solution stuff
in it and then you got to pour it
through one nostril and it comes out the
other one I've never I've never used one
and it sounds gross I hope it helps
okay so I got this filled up let's see
if I could put on my left nostril okay
here we go
exactly
Oh
luckily I lie on the couch and know it
feel coming out from the nostril did oh
it's like oh you gotta mind others I'm
sure you guys don't want to see this I
would have finished this off without you
guys watch it that's just not working
for me I think it's it's either my nose
bad or I know that I have such bad
deviated septum that broke my nose like
seven times maybe just leave it doesn't
even flow right I don't know I thought
it was coming on the other nostril it's
kind of coming out the same one it's
just I feel miserable and I want to
sleep so guys I think I'm gonna end it
here I hope that you guys enjoyed there
will be fun stuff down in back home as
well but give me some time to hoop
doesn't mean there's not going to be a
blog while I'm sick I might I might do
some fun stuff from from Ben maybe even
a cure there some Adam but I'll figure
out some stuff to do so thank you guys
for watching I'm back home I need to
sleep I'm tired I'm sick and that's all
so I will see you guys get along good
bye
saw you boy
come on are things up to you though one
shot kill sniper
Wow that was a very poor basil
