hello guys hello hey guys
that's different anyway with a new
warning and Brittany's being the best
ever right now because she's making
pancakes from scratch Cana you help him
make them too yeah he wants to pour that
one well now I know they're gonna taste
amazing cos cane is helping to we're
getting pancakes yeah you've been
waiting in here the longest I like that
you see there she is this is like the
only she I'll be eating for a long time
but yeah still excited for it
we're heading out right now to go up to
Roman's of parents it's like 100 Acre
farm we're gonna blow shit up yeah yeah
what and it's okay to the back yeah
we're gonna go blow shit up and shoot
some guns experience Ohio the right way
right I got a treat you guys right we're
about to film a challenge video with
Roman and the Dudesons and we got Todd
here
and he's gonna be driving this truck
while they're driving that one I can't
say exactly what the challenge is but
you guys will definitely see it when
they put it up it's it's pretty crazy
and I'm really excited that I'm not
doing it but there they are in the back
so we'll get it started soon it's
definitely a more dangerous one aboard
Dudesons title challenge but I'm excited
to watch and film it so while we shoot
this they will be in that truck over
there and I need to be filming from this
truck over here moving driving around
the fields I am anchoring a leg through
the window trying to hold on to the seat
hold this and then take my camera and
we're going we're going over this hill
be really rough and my goal is to get
the shot and most importantly not to
fall out of the moving truck I'm sorry
mom at least I'm not in that truck and
you guys will see when you watch the
video wife Wow
I can't wait for you guys to see where
they just did kind of ruined your truck
though not really a little bit maybe
like a dent on the roof and it was it
was good times good time and I was I
stayed pretty stable it wasn't that bad
was it's better than I was gonna be I
mean for them it was it was really bad
for me just filming I was I was in the
safe spot now it's uh it's time to blow
some shit up so we got some stuff to
make it go bang got the guns out here
ready we shooting two two threes yeah
he's got his AR and we'll have some fun
blown up so what'd you guys think about
guns
load faster where you need so did loaded
Darby you're first up alright you're in
control thumbless maniac so to actually
load the gun all the way that now let go
alright and now you're on safety so you
can pull the safety off whenever you're
ready
so you boy come on your picks up to you
though one shot kill the tree is in half
Wow to stop off grab sign for dinner I
think this is I think this is dinner
he's taking us to a place called the
boondocks
it's like bye bye bye nothing in the
middle nothing
since I got good ribs so I was tired of
what's waiting for my face good
mozzarella skewers I love like he was
holding it he was like I didn't end up
getting rid of sandwich oh yeah that was
good yeah that's good too yep
that's like though this is the cube
image pulled pork
spicy pork and cheddar cheese now that
we had a very successful day of shooting
filming and shooting guns we're gonna
end it with some fireworks and celebrate
a good good day and the last night and
we're here cuz we leave tomorrow I leave
and so do the Dudesons tomorrow we leave
well no no no I don't want salted I
don't want to get salted Romans out
they're about to light them off they go
I have like a natural fear of you
standing behind me
we got one more display here we go
sweetie
oh yeah Wow
that's how you celebrate a great week at
the Atwood household uh yeah I've never
stayed with the Dudesons again they shot
it all in my eyes and everything Romans
I come out here we're gonna blog
something is okay oh my god some people
I need to watch it I have the water
running and my nose is for you up
everywhere oh that's terrible
okay guys well that's uh it's it was my
final day in Ohio at the Roman at there
at the Roman house yeah at one household
I'm tired
well eyes are still burning like crazy
from the flower I wish you guys could
see the house right now he's like I
gotta get a cleanup crew
it is absolutely everywhere all over the
house tonight was destruction just all
over my clothes everywhere my shirt
I just tried to clean off my camera but
it's still everywhere on it
seriously it was covering everything
it was just war tonight but uh I had so
much fun be here and it was so awesome
and - I mean who doesn't love to get
pranked by Roman and by the Dudesons
that's awesome so and I get to prank
them as well so you guys will see that
video when they upload there were a few
times that I was able to get deaf which
is great and
gives me bragging rights but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching because I
definitely enjoyed experiencing and I'll
let my eyes burn for your guy's
entertainment but on that note I gotta
get to bed I am exhausted I kinda have a
pounding headache from being hit in the
face so hard and I mean that cannon that
they shoot the flower out of he's at 300
psi cannon and they were probably about
maybe at the max 5 feet away from my
face just direct hit
it's a hard hit um yeah so I will see
you guys again tomorrow good bye
I thought I was one of the safe ones
here do you want some and robinzine
you're distracting me
Kotani caramel say nope
clearly nobody consider you how many
times you betrayed me today I had to
play along dude I'm neutral I'm neutral
tease wait wait wait wait wait where's
where's Yuka
