good morning I have to still be cleric
like a lot of people still sleeping in
this house the Roman woke up early to be
a coolest guy ever because he's making
the bacon bacon time yeah you take care
of that I'm going to take care of my
cereal that I have yep after a good
start
I'm pretty much picking a safe ground
here because Roman really wants to prank
Dudesons Dudesons want to prank Roman
and I'm kind of like well I could help
you guys shoot it so you could all be in
it really that's my way of just like hey
don't prank me so I got I was like I'll
bring my camera down and you got you
like I was just talking to you guys at
union moment so I'll help shoot that he
said okay cool go get your camera puts
me in the clear I just hope that this
works that I can hold this off till
Thursday because I really don't want to
get pranked are being a dangerous
household right now I'm so happy I'm the
one filming not the one no look I can
help each other yeah yeah see I don't
want this is already every oh now I'm
scared cuz I was thought I was alone in
the kitchen when I was saying that and
then that my plans got oh no I'm scared
now anybody wants damages are you mad
you know I was gonna make myself one I
just want yeah I was just gonna like not
eat alone you guys want to eat with me
if you make sure the chips all II yeah
well she has a chip a half at you 45
minutes we did not have breakfast 45
minutes ago
earlier I was yeah I actually like woke
up this morning like 6:30 and I was like
all this is way too early which is
actually like 3:30 in the morning for me
but then I woke up at like 8:00 and I
want to I woke up in some dirty laundry
yeah oh no were you making sandwiches
you want a sandwich
oh yeah do you like meat yet megaBrain
gave me reindeer you guys think that
Roman gets a lot of views on his videos
really he just sits here and watches his
own vlogs over and over and over again
news I got in oh it's not Bugsy ha ha
look how many views I get dude I hope
you watch it like a couple hundred
thousand times you'd be good you get two
of you both of us watch it yep I should
start watching it and then you should
watch it YouTube in like ten years will
monitor visuals so I don't know that for
view that is yet there were there were
four sets of eyes no views register for
blondie however as soon as I turned the
camera
Britney reminded me that blind people
still have eyes correct
I was like what it won't register blind
people know it she's like they have eyes
Oh
anyway I'm dumb today by the way guys
it's comfortable it is yes mr. sharp
yeah there's not enough beds at a Romans
place so when he's actually looking for
a bed here at Sam's Club not to bring
back to Romans or to buy it just to stay
here you're gonna stay here well we're
gonna go shopping you you stay over here
I'll take hope
I'm G we should go shopping with him
like that this is what's making me
really excited firework store oh I'm
definitely getting so I'm definitely to
buy some myself just to like set off in
his yard sorry I'm trying old your hand
I don't mind we could let's go together
and do some shopping okay for some
fireworks yeah we will be flaming with a
quick view it looks like a candy store
yeah I think that totally looks like
candy and then you look closer and
they're all like firecrackers craziness
but fun this is this is like a this is a
toy store for adults hey thanks dude
Oh PJ yeah it's gonna be fun all right
let's do this Brad this is love
yeah right right it might want to back
off a little
oh sorry sorry we're in a military
surplus store and I was looking all of
these but look at this Oh follow that
here
there we go an Atwood rope that's his uh
his parents factory they do all these
all of them they I mean they do every
kind even these and everything it's cool
to see it in here I'm because I haven't
seen that Brant but apparently they
supply a lot of things all over the US
which is crazy
oh well you know it's time to eat again
Janet I'll McAdoo's mac and cheese oh
that does look good have a burger in
cause I look bigger though yeah it does
it did HP what you got bacon and more
cheese mac and cheese and then chicken
on top you got a cover yeah yeah she can
unmake him to keep it light Applebee's
they got me I thought I was one of the
safe ones here do what some and Robin
see you distracting me hey kid thought
he killed Oliver you'll say nope clearly
nobody considering how many times you
betrayed me today I had to play along
dude I'm Swiss be neutral our mutual
teams wait wait wait wait wait
where's-where's you could wait I want to
give you something give it to me I
didn't you just throw this in my face no
no no wasn't me it was the other guy
yeah Alex I one type no I'm just telling
you something okay like I won't even aim
the camera at you no that's we have a
knife ah I'm gonna go clean this stuff
off here now I owe you one
oh I gotta clean okay time to clean okay
guys well I'm all cleaned up now and
it's funny cuz the sink is like filled
with other with so much shaving foam
from everywhere clean up it was held
today I just it's so hard and I know a
lot of you gonna be like well how can
you not expect it if it's there when it
goes on as much as it does with everyone
here you can't like be like this all the
time so you kind of just as soon as your
guard gets let down oh you get it but
the actual hit will be in a video that
you'll see on their channel should be on
the Dudesons stuff so I'll let you guys
know when that's coming out also I saw
people were tweeting me they were like I
thought you were in Ohio I'm like I am
in Ohio they were like I saw you and I
just needs vlog I was like oh really
so I went watching it was it was the the
clip that I did with her for her vlog so
you guys should go check that out and
give her some love on there I'm like
towards the end of the vlog I'll put the
link to hers down in the description so
you can see me on her blog too but yeah
so thank you to you Justine for putting
me on your vlog but we're having a great
time here and we're trying to call it
like an earlier night so not early it's
like 2:30 in the morning so that we can
wake up and go out and shoot all day
tomorrow so try to make this as
productive as possible but that's what I
got for you for today so I hope you guys
enjoyed remember to go check out hers
comment on I just need to give her love
tell her I sent you there so on that
note I will see you guys again tomorrow
good bye the steak is revealed
are you eating something that you want
here
all right
stick
