hey guys it's a brand new day at the
Atwood household I don't I don't say
that very often I think it's the first
time I've ever said that well do you
want you want to be on your team
yeah no he's trying to get me to play
more games than I even play I've never
seen a gamer like this right yeah you
already pro right okay I'll be on your
team
where are you we're gonna we're gonna
play a little GTA Romans finishing up
the prank just gotta put it up I think
it's already it's already up yesterday
cuz you guys are seeing this one dad so
I hope you guys like the prank cuz it
was cool but uh yeah so I'm picking up
the Dudesons soon and then I think havoc
will well begin yeah
we are on our way to pick up the
Dudesons in style the only style that
they know which is this crazy this is a
pink stretched yeah perfect these steaks
look good Roman yeah they're too done
yeah we're all flaming up and stuff
you're not recording this kidding it's
like you trying to get me guys here they
are here they are oh it looks yellow in
here right now why is it so y'all okay
some look dried out those look good I'm
ready for that or you can lay them in
there on the show there they are laid
out ready to go
the sting is revealed are you you want
here all right
don't hit me with an axe
whoa
masters of it well we're pretty much
wrapping up on the first day I know that
they have some awesome stuff planned
that I'm gonna help them shoot what two
minutes into meeting here we just hit me
in the nuts but I guess that's my that's
my welcome and then you've made me feel
welcome
now would you approach I walk backwards
well I think everyone's going to bed now
because we got big days ahead tomorrow
next day everything so everyone's got to
go to find their place and you're gonna
edit now right well I'll see you in the
morning
I'm going up to my my humble abode there
yeah okay good well that's all I have
for you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching
sometimes things are a little bit
shorter sometimes I could show you more
or less I'm here mainly not necessarily
to do a ton of pranks with Rowan but
more he needs assistance because the
dudes are here to help film and produce
some of the stuff so that's why I helped
him shoot a lot of stuff you saw the
grandma arresting Frank I shot that so
we're getting ready for to shoot for the
next two days that's why I'm here
helping them do and it's a lot of work
so I'm trying to vlog as much as I
possibly can but I also don't want to
vlog too much of his work because then
we'll have the same vlogs and it's not
really my content it's his content I'm
not going to share with you stuff that
he's specifically prepared prepared for
you but I will show you exactly what I
can I was hanging out on the side just
do it as much as we can but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I will see
you guys again tomorrow good bye I just
built this net with Noah to play a
little soccer
I quit
