hey guys the first time I've ever said
that from Columbus Ohio hey everyone
good morning morning Noah okay hey you
want another weird thing we have the
same hairstyle except yours is reversed
yours goes forward mine goes back he
doesn't carries my GTA Roman and I are
about to go shoot something shoot
something we have fun hopefully it goes
well today I hope so because if not all
the blame is on Roman because it's not
his channel so we're gonna head out
right now
told Roman he really should think about
like investing in just a nicer car I
mean he drives around this piece of crap
all the time you know I just wrote it
for the first time and I think has some
power but it's actually one of the stars
in the prank today so I'm looking
forward to getting involved with that
but I'll see how it goes the one thing
that's really cool that I've been seeing
in the vlogs that I finally get to see
in person is the infamous fish tank yeah
really nice butt rope I thought that the
coolest not the coolest thing the
coolest thing was the fish tank but a
really cool feature that he's actually
never shown his vlog I don't know why I
haven't actually it's so cool look so in
the neck you control the whole tank from
your phone including the pumps the
lights everything here I'll show you
this one everyone's favorite I don't
know how it's gonna look on camera but
disco mode did you do all what does that
do to the fish they're all dead now
but I want to show you I want you to
show you what it's like just go fish
those nuts so you can show everything
from his phone it's got a full arm
thunderstorm mode which will you'll make
sounds not only is it rain and thunder
we're gonna tank it goes into like a
dark
that is so cool why'd you show I took an
Alpine hey Kane you don't go in the ball
pit Wow
yeah yeah garlic right here I'll help
you out
what are you doing that only Roman turns
all form into a ball pit or his whole
house if you see now time for some
burgers and some fruity ale
yeah pretty a fruity it what it is it's
strawberry strawberry ale it's actually
really good though I never had this I've
had like Redd's Apple ale but not the
strawberry one hmm
Gooden I'm ready for some burgers oh I'm
gonna eat it welcome to Ohio I just
built this net with Noah to play a
little soccer yeah your boy I quit
damn pissed yes that's why I was never
playing sports well Noah and I are
streaming doubles double stream that
will double playing on the ps4 to ps4 is
to play GTA 5 and we're streaming right
now live yeah
and then we're gonna get the K dance hey
come on team girl right here yeah there
you go let's let's aim this down go for
it yeah good foot yeah he were doing it
all in doing it a lot of you tweeted and
you tag me in it but you also wrote to
Britney saying you're really gonna have
to buy a lot of stuff for all these guys
hang at the house
she took your message and it's like
every way oh no oh loaded up one of the
Saul says she got is ghost pepper salsa
supposed to be super super hot I think
we should try it oh how could it be open
it
ghost peppers Oh actually makes a great
fire here it smells phenomenal but
really yeah it smells so good
oh it does smells really good okay let's
I don't know how much to take oh my god
it's like get them out right
we'll see other what's wrong creamer you
know they say that if something's hot
you should go and take more I'm totally
kidding brah
you're even tipping what just really hot
that's why they are wonderful yeah one
more because just made pigs in a blanket
or Alex in his bed that's what I like to
call mark another vet joke to me you
know my mom yeah yeah you just get back
to editing okay what do you say come on
no you know well anyways guys we're
gonna just I'm gonna have some more pigs
in a blanket pigs in blankets brothers
gonna finish editing we gotta put out
the stuff away oh you put all the stuff
but Kane is enjoying his pig little
blanket and then that's all I have for
tonight so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye I finally made it
hello it's early for you there's such a
long flight
but see for me it's like 2:30 in the
morning like this is when that's like
okay the clubs are our bars are done I'm
gonna go get something to eat and then
go home and go to sleep that sounds good
but a lot of bars no I saw all them you
know on the way we get to some cows I
know we're driving drivers I oh my god
I've never seen so much farmland my life
you took in an L a while his comfort
zone
