hey guys it's a new day and I've been
reading your comments on yesterday's
vlog which was the shaving of my
mustache blog and you guys are actually
like wow it looks so much better without
a mustache mustache with any Mustafa's I
don't know I actually I keep doing this
to try to I always try to fix my
mustache as I have it so now I just look
like an idiot like doing this and
nothing's nothing's that are for me to
fix we grab or touch and when I breathe
out of my nose
I feel air on my upper lip what it's a
really weird feeling after two years of
having something covering up that but
kind of like it I don't know it's like a
weird freeing feeling like hey I don't
need to worry about making sure I don't
eat my mustache with every bite of food
cuz although it's great like if I eat
something good and four hours later I
want to taste it I just lick my mustache
it's disgusting I don't actually do that
but I every like bite of a hamburger
sign that my mustache goes in my mouth
too so I enjoyed not having to deal with
that for once but we'll see what happens
I don't know you guys will just play by
ear see for now I can't go back
obviously maybe we'll try it different
look Mabel's try out new things new
things are always good and for right now
I'm gonna go meet up with Jay cuz we
want to get lunch he's like dude I'm
feeling Robin so we might go to a ramen
place or something oh no
but that's we're gonna go I'm gonna head
out and go meet up with him and we're
gonna go eat Jake we're getting ramen
forget
Mitsuo
and so on this is like all Japanese is
it a love Christmas
look right hi
all these places here each one is like a
different type we go to send touka and
that's ramen that's so yeah so excited
for this my rice bowl yeah yeah
we're back at Jake's now hello
and I just I just saw a video that I
just seen posted about about this game
called piano tiles so I tried it this is
the game to go as fast as you can
to complete this on on classic Pro
classic motocross show you what this is
it looks like this let me yeah I don't
think I've had as much coffee
classic esteemed it crow yeah and then
you gotta just start it
yeah that's not gonna be fast enough
Jose see he just got 83 that game will
seriously be the death of me I know that
I just Dean's top score six point two
five zero and now my new highest score
six point four one five so I have to go
down 0.2 seconds
and then I can beat her that's like my
goal and on a side note I just dropped
off Harvey because last minute literally
this morning while I was in bed Romans
like hey come to Ohio okay I'm going to
Ohio today so I had to drop off Harvey
so that he could be watched I gotta go
get stuff and pack up and go to Ohio I'm
going oh hi oh that's where I'm going
it's gonna be really scary though
because it's roaming there and the
Dudesons will be there ah that's a house
you don't want to sleep in without one
eye open definitely but I'm excited to
go I really should be packing right now
for Ohio but there's two words of why
I'm not right now and those two evil
words are piano tiles I just learned
that some people like to tap with their
fingers some people like to hold it like
a regular iPhone in top of their thumb
let me show you my technique I'm gonna
open up my screen so I can aim this at
me so I can show you guys my technique
is actually to take my phone and I play
with my fingers like this and I hit
things because I I don't know why I
think with my hands out I'm just bastard
so that's my technique for no real
reason but since I've been doing that be
getting faster and faster so I I just
think I could beat it right now some of
the I'm gonna try to beat it on camera
or else it's just me saying I beat it so
nah No
oh yeah oh yes son look at this I think
it's gonna be a burst on camera but
that's 5.9 to zero
hey I just seen beat that now that I've
completely killed that score I finished
packing got my bag there and I just got
to pack up the the essential stuff not
not my Super Mario water bottle but all
my camera stuff all the cards and GoPro
stuff and prank camera stuff whatever
cuz I gotta go
assist with filming as well as doing
stuff with Roman right and with the
Dudesons and with and Kane and I Kane
and I are gonna prank we're gonna go out
pranking and we're gonna we're gonna
blow stuff up
we're not doing that there's actually
nothing I'm doing with King but but that
would be funny
imagine Kane going around and just like
anyway everywhere well I'm just gonna
pack up all this stuff and then I should
head to the airport soon because my
flight flies all night it leaves at
10:15 p.m. then gets to Ohio at 5:20 9
a.m. you can murder me now because
that'll help me sleep on the plane
okay I'm ready to go it's 8:15 I should
probably leave in the next 10-15 minutes
to get there and then we're off to old
let's go okay I was gonna vlog on the
plane but it was like Cline because it
was a red-eye and everyone was sleeping
but I'm in Ohio I'm in Columbus Ohio 30
points next stop LA good and Pam Britt
you know any pain and the did think the
Dudesons kind of like tomorrow or the
next day Adam time Lizzie Roman I
finally made it
it's early for you there's such a long
flight now let's see for me it's like
2:30 in the morning like this is when
that's like okay the clubs or bars are
done I'm gonna go get something to eat
and then go home and go to sleep
that's what I was gonna do okay no I saw
all of them you know on the way we got
to some cows I know we're driving
drivers that oh my god I've never seen
so much farmland my life you took him in
LA way out of his comfort zone but yeah
it's it's like 6:00 in the mornings like
that so I'm gonna end up here guys but I
hope you guys are watching and wait for
this week cuz fun stuff is happening so
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye three Jude and no oh my god I
can't pull it down anymore what am I
gonna do when I'm nervous
what am I gonna do when I'm nervous suck
on your thumb
