hey guys today is the day that might get
rid of my moustache now a lot of you saw
this yesterday live Lizzy that were on
live thanks for joining I can't say it
was super fun yet because I haven't done
it I actually go live in ten minutes see
look I still have my moustache so I hope
it's gonna be great I think it'll be
great I know it'll be great it'll be
great because I love you guys you guys
are awesome but yeah so I gotta prep
because in ten minutes I got to go live
on you-now do that make sure
everything's ready I don't know how I'm
doing it I'm just gonna figure it out as
we go but it will happen and it will
happen today so that's the top I just
got back from the gym took a shower got
ready I want to shave it off and here we
go so I just gotta get everything set up
now I got this all set up and look at
the time no focus it is now 159 I have
one minute I'm actually nervous I don't
know why I'm nervous I'm like excited
nervous I don't know I don't know what
to expect from this okay one minute and
then we're gonna hit that go live button
and I'm gonna be live don't worry I'll
pull out my blog and you guys see this
so you don't have to - enough now I'll
show you some stuff as we go I'm sure
everyone will say like vlog goes blog
this so I'm getting ready I have one
minute deep breath here we go we are now
alive you know and there's much people
watching we're having a good time at all
the blog hype so we're gonna be shopping
to show you what's going on in here I'm
get so much energy when I'm live
sometimes even more than the vlogs when
I'm vlogging it's just me and you and
the camera put it over here everyone's
talking and all the text going up makes
me go nuts cuz it it makes my ADHD happy
and it tickles my senses so here
everyone wants to say hi everyone say hi
say hi to the vlog guys oh it's got to
focus
it's got to focus why isn't it focusing
focus camera focus there we go
sheep yeah it's a whoa it's going really
fast really fast on here it's actually
really hard to read like a bunch of
things that are said it's really hard to
read because it flies up in the air and
goes nutso but we're having a good time
clearly I spelled my mustache we're
about to get rid of that now so let's do
that let's make ourselves useful and cut
this thing off soon let's do it let's do
it Jake just got here and the first step
to getting rid of this stash is I'm
gonna cut off one side of it here you
take this camera okay guys here it goes
because I don't want to cut too close to
my face because I do need to like just
trim it down uh it's close ready three
two and no oh my god I can't pull it
down anymore what am I gonna do when I'm
nervous what am I gonna do when I'm
nervous
suck on your thumb actually that's gross
don't do that a little bit I know now
I'm gonna have to stick it in my butt
yeah ceremony
I know Oh Jake we can't block them Oh on
the other side of me that's the way it
works don't be awkward here okay okay
but don't do it too close that means cuz
I just oh this is so satisfying looks
like dirty pubes on my counter it's
disgusting ah yeah it looks like a
spider on here Florrick I never do it Oh
everyone's this is the key we're to see
I know now we got to trim it all down
make it it's totally not even oh this is
rough guys this is rough okay we got rid
of all the rest of the facial hair
except the mustache that we just trimmed
up so
it is time guys it is time here we go oh
dear
okay ready
well
this is the wrong mustache to have for a
Jew right is this the wrong mustache to
have bruised you guys okay look it look
it
Wow Wow
okay guys that's I know I no longer have
a mustache ah tell me what you guys
think in the comments below what you
think about it some of you might like it
some of you may say after you I'm never
watching you again but that's just what
happens I'm sad okay that's it
Jake and I just dreamed some advanced
warfare had a great time
right my sister didn't want to get on
the stream but she's been reading the
chat so she but who is your favorite
person that was watching mr. digit mr.
digits yeah he was he was in the chat
tonight that was her favorite is a she
is is she oh my god yeah why would we
mr. Jason comes riding Julia after oh
well either way thank you so yeah now
now I'm going to an event with my sister
and mr. Cameron and we're gonna head out
there now check out this concentration
face right here I got it yeah
you hold you to that challenge because
I'm a liar I'm not a liar I know
there's no internet there's no internet
in between I'm real yeah wait hold on
Jenna
she is she's the one who invited me
thank you this is like I've been to a
few events that never never yeah I was
actually probably my fault I was in the
corner playing Mortal Kombat and then
when I left this we're gone
well we didn't know each other in person
yet now yeah now we do
okay you guys know I play Mortal Kombat
and I've been pretty good at it and we
just really bad that was embarrassing
because like I said like a standard that
I would be potentially I'm back at my
place now and had a great time and left
going to just a bar go grab a drink
afterward with Max and then Jake met up
with us for a little bit but a good time
I was really happy to go finally to meet
Jenna and Justine especially since
Jenna's been inviting me to these events
and I have a better person so it was
great to meet both of them both the
nicest people so and a great time love
that I got to have a I got they gave
they gave me a new phone gave me a new
phone that's what they did
it is this the Lumia to try out it has
yeah oh it's like blurting out come on
focus yeah I like that that that they
squeeze when you get out but yes so I
have this phone now cool cool camera
everything and it comes with three
months of service on it for me to play
Relan so why not have two phones at the
moment so thank you for that
that was awesome but that's all I got
for you guys for today so I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching the end of end
of this this mustache and of the Lumia
event
and I I just I had a good time so I hope
you guys did too and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye it's hard to be
in a restaurant with the Jake white
whiter Jake didn't shower the people
look this way my dad made him apologize
thank you
that's the mango there sir yeah it's
like mango curry something they really
