gogi and buddy he loves to play with the
birds how's it going guys it's a super
nice day here in santa monica and yeah
i'm just relaxing up here with my buddy
have a good time i got back from the gym
not too long ago so a shower just kind
of hanging out now didn't kind of ugly
might grab lunch a little but I don't
know we have in store for today I think
Brandon might come by and we'll see
what's going on with that but we're just
gonna keep pretty children thank God so
sick of these twitch people I've been
missing the bloggers yeah yes yeah yeah
I miss you guys I want to go he misses
you I do we haven't I haven't even seen
them in Fourier vlog hi hi hi hi dolls
up high dolls up hey we r / stream right
now so much because I'm playing my new I
got um my new xbox and now I have two
new games fifa 15 I have my mortal
kombat and then where's the other box
it's over there anyway it's a it's call
of duty advanced warfare that's what
we're playing right now I'm bleeding out
and uh yeah we're having a good time
some of the chatters want to say hi so
we are going to i'm going to show you
them and they are they're giving you
some some love so let me give them some
love okay needs to go faster than that
because all i see is alex likes penis is
alex gang it's going so slow and there
we go okay
okay well it's I think my by the chat is
stuck in slow mode right now let me turn
slow off there we go now it'll go yes so
anyway guys they like to mess around
when they're being flogged so oh we're
gonna do but right now we're stream what
I'm loud I'm sorry I'm always loud okay
well that's what we're doing right now
no it's hard to be at a restaurant with
the jig white white Jake and shower the
people he's a look at that have a look
this way no is it bothering me okay with
that just felt like a chick is so vivid
my dad made him apologize for spelling
another two fathers and if you wanna try
anything come down oh thank you that's
the mango yeah it's like mango curry
something they really good food
Jake and I are now heading over to his
place we're gonna hang there for a
little bit and then we got to get
haircuts both of us in an hour got badly
yeah yeah we're carpooling return it is
it's earth day so we're carpooling and
if you have a chance to carpool do it
yeah so we're gonna get haircuts from
Miss cherish love we're going to go
there a little bit so I'm excited I'm
excited to look freakin sexy yeah Rhett
Jake's plays now but I got to show you
guys something cool he has like this
whole Middle garden section like crazy
forest area in the middle between like
that's like a like a barn area type of
thing Bob taking over there and then his
house but these these plants when they
are about to die they do one last reach
for the Sun before they die and that's
what these like huge middle things that
are growing out of these plants it's
what it's I think it's awesome it's it's
kind of sad but it's a really cool thing
that's like when they're about to die
it's like one last reach for some extra
sunlight we're my favorite things in the
garden yeah you gotta replace them but
they're huge
yeah yeah there's something there's
there's one of them over here that
doesn't have it yeah they do like reach
out huge like that we've had that my
parents house as well then he has some
over there that aren't doing yet or
they're starting to garden yeah oh where
to go hey I was looking for the package
on that I here wow there's burden in the
house bored enough with something that
house getting haircut anyone for me what
do I want hi I now we are filming you're
the middle cherish is making English
yeah I think like that I'm next
maybe she can handle us both at the same
time nope just look at this no that's
terrible time to get a haircut I know no
it's been less than two weeks yeah two
weeks my hair grows way to mass I got
mine but the one thing that chairs does
not like I'm gonna help it's not a
secret no it's not a secret oh yeah no
yeah i said before but she doesn't like
to have product and hips because she
puts in her hands it's all like sticky
icky and she said so I was like don't
worry I have my hat this time I have my
own product at home either cuz the face
you made when she put Jake's product in
his hair is like yeah it was so funny so
like don't worry I'll with my hat till I
get home I'll do it I think right you're
happy you don't have to do it yeah she's
like I don't care about o giver where
you are
what okay well Jake is leaving goodbye
it's been real goodbye goodbye yeah well
you're yeah well um see you tomorrow ya
goin Mai coming yeah so ah that's all I
got for you for today and he is usable I
gave you guys block I hope you happy I'm
definitely gonna try to give you a lot
more because yeah stop hating on me so
much when I don't just be understand I'm
just kidding you get hit on me all you
want well anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye I was feel like all you
on that video yeah Dennis they want to
say hi where are you going I think you
guys should do a different career yeah
no one Frankie hey Dennis this is this
channel called how to prank it up you
should watch it so you can learn how to
do it and you can do all kinds of praise
