hey guys big announcement here huge
announcement and yes it's time sensitive
just like the title says but um okay so
on Twitter I said I was gonna be
releasing a big announcement and here it
comes and the announcement has nothing
to do with I'm not gonna walk anymore Oh
or anything on with that but what it
does have to do with is I have been
secretly working on something that has
been shooting for TV can't say what it
is what it's for anything about it
because that's the way I guess TV
business works it stays very secret
unfortunately but what I can tell you is
that there is something I have to do for
it that's really big and when I say big
it's it's it's a big thing that I have
to do and I want to share this with you
and what I have to do is I could always
I could always bring it back but at
least for right now I part of my deal is
to shave off my mustache I'm not even
kidding I have to get rid of my mustache
and I know a lot are you gonna be like
well you don't even do it up anyway well
I won't have an option to do it up I
always do it up at like events or stuff
like that just because it's what i like
to do and if you notice all my logos are
moustaches something like oh well what
is one of the logos gonna meet without a
mustache but here's what I didn't heed
you guys to do or what I want you guys
to do I want to get rid of it but I want
to do with you guys so tomorrow at 2pm
look at the update to upload date so you
guys know what tomorrow is and if you're
watching this a week from now don't turn
in tomorrow but tomorrow at two p.m.
pacific standard time i will be on you
now doing it live with you guys you guys
can come on i will chat with you guys we
will get rid of it live it's you now
calm / Alex Mandel if you want to know
the times go and google and look up what
the time and 2pm in Los Angeles will be
for what you guys are
and it's pacific standard time or just
look up 2 p.m. in Los Angeles to
whatever city or country or anywhere
anywhere you are and you can find the
time at two p.m. tomorrow I will be on
you now calm / Alex Mandel and i will
put the link to that in the description
so that you guys could easily find it
yes I know you guys want a blog actually
have a vlog but I want to make sure that
all of you see this i'm going to be
putting up the blog tomorrow and you
will have one for sure I guarantee it
but I want to do this with you guys it's
crazy I can't believe after like two
years I it's it's going now it's it's
facial hair I could grow it back but
it's a big thing so come share this
moment with me while I share it with you
we all talk let's have a good time you
if you don't care about my mustache then
come on and just chat because we could
all chat on there so a2 p.m. tomorrow
unicom / Alex Mandel let's do this I
will see you guys tomorrow definitely
and you'll have a regular vlog so on
that note goodbye I was deal i call you
on that video yeah Dennis they want to
say hi where are you going I think you
guys should do a different career yeah
no one Frankie hey Dennis this is
channel called how to prank it up you
should watch it so you can learn how to
do that and it can do all concentrate
