hey guys it's a new day and today we're
gonna be doing some stuff da Jake and
mr. Phil are on their way over right now
because they want to stream some games
so I think that's what we're going to do
but i'm not sure what else we're doing
like us whatever we do we do when you
guys will see cuz you're watching and
you'll know when we do it yep so i'm
just waiting on them right now we were
just streaming yeah hi but we finished
streaming because my parents are here
now and we just got off the stream
probably Mike I might go back on later
but I'm gonna go get dinner with my
parents and hang out and have family
time and then we can go back to video
games I don't know we'll figure it out
but right now that's what we're doing I
don't have a jacket or hoodie I have
nothing I don't wear jackets or
sweatshirts I've seen you wear something
okay I have a sweatshirt I'll get one
we're gonna go out we're gonna get
dinner and it's no surprise we're going
back to Sweet Chin movie I'm just gonna
sock on what what
it's know they'll be open a half hour
they're closed for a half hour I'm back
streaming again except this time I am
we're doing a party chat Romans driving
Roman you're driving and now he's
talking but he doesn't realize you guys
get here and then wha people in the
stream want to say I
oh yeah so we're just playing that we're
doing a heist oh you got to get back in
play with Roman and taught the fish man
and trivia crack we're playing with a
we're trying to do a heist finality look
that's Roman in Todd's I was showing you
their usernames but we're having a good
time I just went downstairs and got a
new package yeah bet you wonder what it
is well well well well just give me a
second cuz I want you to say I to
someone before i show you i was dealing
all you on that video yeah Dennis they
want to say hi where are you going I
think you guys should do a different
career yeah no one Frankie hey Dennis
this is channel called how to prank it
up you should watch it so you learn how
to do it and I can do all kinds of crazy
oh yeah yeah not better hey what's in
that that's what I'm about to open right
now here hold this hold that hold that
okay I was being run on the table
scissors
remember don't run the scissors okay
it's Christmas in July yeah yeah what's
in there dude look at what it is Oh bad
to the bone yeah how many controllers
did you get I well it comes with one and
then I have a second one here Xbox one
yeah what's that compatible with ps4
yeah looks like we're gonna be twitching
with an xbox one and ps4 15-ounce
because I got it because i was given
why'd you get it because I want to play
Mortal Kombat yeah this one yeah so
badass oh yeah did I can't wait to start
that up that's going on your twitch
right now yeah let's do it let's do it
put her ass into it things are getting
stacked over here on this gaming side
you know I'm saying cuz we gotten out of
ps4 the wii u and now the xbox one yeah
all three systems lined up gotta update
this xbox I know what you're excited to
play Jake cuz I got right here not with
Harvey some mortal kombat yeah because i
went to the release for that and got
that game a night early and couldn't
even play cuz i didn't have an xbox one
which you i've already told you guys but
now i get to now i can't you okay guys
well that's all i got for you for today
yesterday in the last eight another
thing I've been so bad at vlogging
clearly you guys know that the this blog
I don't even know what it is to mess up
like three different days and it's
terrible and I know go ahead and do
whatever you want you can hate me for it
I it's okay but um yeah I'm gonna try to
get back up my blog game really well I
say that a lot but I just like this past
week has been tough with finishing up
like taxes and having to pay so much
money for I brought my car in for like a
recall that was supposed to be free and
I walk out
they charged me like almost five grand
and then i have to pay thousands of
dollars for taxes i'm like oh you know
and i'm dealing with all that mailing
everything out I'm just like not on my
game I am slowly getting back into the
rhythm of things kind of doing things
right so hopefully we can get back on
track and get these things going but
that's kind of what's going on so yeah I
apologize and I will try to try to keep
it going but until next time guys I'll
see you I will see you then I will see
you in the next vlog I won't say
tomorrow not because there might not be
one tomorrow but I don't want to get
your hopes up and then fail again and I
don't just let's just say until next
time but i will try for tomorrow i will
have a blog today so you have one
tomorrow I'll try so on that now goodbye
just got to the Microsoft lounge to play
the new Mortal Kombat game
wow yeah it comes out oh jeez mom I'm
actually okay thank you though Brandon's
here I'm actually here for the board for
the what but for the corn on the cob
just a poor horn o corn yeah and i'm
gonna i'm gonna kick right to ask this
game right this is like after the
release of the new moral on that game
they get a copy of it tonight the thing
is the copy is for xbox one and i have
yeah we should play it this way let's
play it play it
