hey guys the new day look kool g Kirk
mr. Jake hello mr. Jane we're going a
new place opened a few blocks from my
place I'll sweep in and opens today
we've been waiting so long for to open
its a pokey place so I'm really excited
because now it's close by so we're going
now for the opening today we're gonna
get soon because i really like it you
guys know how much i like food we're
gonna go get some yeah oh my god boy
there's a lot of people it has arrived
we
but the oh yeah
focus right yeah yeah
no you not
well the verdict is amazingness if you
guys are here in Santa Monica or your
visit check out sweet fin ok cuz deal
it's definitely worth it for you to
check it out so good i like to show you
guys like good places you should try
that was one that was personal to me
because i've been waiting driving past
it every day for like the last four or
five months would be like one of the
open what are they gonna open calling
them on Instagram with something that
and today now we're walking over to
philz coffee we're just having a good
start to the day worked out got a good
poke a pool and now we're going to get
my favorite coffee yeah you didn't work
out he slept in I when I work out I
worked out for both of us yeah that's
that's the way this well we are
streaming yeah this time we're playing
battlefield hardline the campaign mode
the episodes that's what we're doing
right now going down yeah and people on
the chat would like to say hello so
let's see let's see here it comes here
comes the vlog hype oh there we go focus
focus camera focus there we go Steve
Harvey really really it's gonna be in my
blog that says Alex likes dick blog blog
blog blog blog yeah yeah yeah oh that
was all great until Steve Harvey just
had to put Alex like stick that's gonna
get all kaulitz well anyway this is what
we're doing right now and we're just
hanging out and having a good time
streaming yessum
got to the Microsoft lounge play the new
Mortal Kombat game not out yet comes out
oh jeez mom I'm actually okay thank you
though Brandon's here I'm actually here
for the pouring for the what for the
corn on the cob just a corn corn corn
yeah and i'm gonna i'm gonna kick right
into asmus gameplay right this is like a
for the release of the new moral on that
game and to get a copy of it the thing
is the copy is for xbox one and I have
this song
yeah we we should play this way let's
play it play it Brandon your next your
next next ride you gone he come neck oh
that's been happening to us all day
every time we get on something someone
just cuts in a little bit but are you
excited just what happened when we took
the city bus yeah yeah yeah it happened
well that event was fun Brandon is time
for you to go I time for me oh look at
look at this party favor that we got
Mortal Kombat yeah that pretty spotty is
that your napkin in your pocket oh don't
I hit you yeah so we get this yeah the
only promise I don't have an xbox one I
want an xbox one there was a lot of cool
people the event saw iJustine and Jenna
those two sisters and how did brother
games what part oh I got a party in your
pants the other class yeah I actually
went over to I didn't go say hi cuz I
didn't want to bother them they were
talking to so many people and then they
had like a Mortal Kombat tournament
right after term i said to brand i was
like well we should go meet them now and
we went and I was like where are they
people are like oh well they left
because they partied at Coachella
weekend they were tired so I didn't get
to meet them unfortunately but we had a
good time playing and I kicked Brens ass
of the game like every time oh yeah it's
very something really funny huh what was
this there's a girl
I told him to show me a really old
picture of her there's a girl that I
said who was attractive she's not a
youtuber he said show me a picture of
her and he pulled out his phone and he
showed me a picture he pulled her
funbags did we let me see it again it
was from like 75 weeks ago okay Bobo
double click he made me like her picture
i'm one of those creepers that like
looked back into a girl's old pictures
and liked a picture from like 70 weeks
ago thanks Brendon no problem she
definitely got that notification anyway
he's leaving because I'm kicking you out
now get the hell out of my house hey I
ain't no Harvey's come with me no no you
kill your kid no no Harvey Harvey don't
go her if you don't go he won't go he
won't go okay guys well that's all I got
for you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching I am currently in my
bathroom that just got back from the gym
and I need to take a shower to clean
this body of mine yeah make it make it
smell nice fresh clean oh so clean clean
but anyway I had a fun time at the
mortal kombat party and mortal kombat x
want to comment 10 is that what is that
what that is MK x I'm just gonna say I'm
KX yes hashtag on KX but I had a lot of
fun of the party and yeah so I ended
here and start off a new day for you
guys so I will see you guys and gave me
more do I oh my god what department go
Harvey
where
he already did his act and now he's done
that wasn't it I was just walking him
back across so he can go back down to
his dressing room he enjoyed it you'll
see how he did
