hey guys it's a new day today and I got
back from the gym not too long ago with
mr. Jake and clearly it's time for me to
take showers you could tell by this
hairdo 6610 yeah so I'm going to take a
shower and make this work for me and
then I'm probably gonna head over to
America's Got Talent
why because I want to go and I do what I
want to do so today should be fun but
I'm gonna take a shower clean up this
this body of mind and then I will turn
it into a wonderland mm-hm
look who's here the taping and Jackie
but most don't show you right now okay
well Abby Martino checked our cycle most
do you know does it taste good yeah
what do you do with the yeah she's got
talent
guys clearly I was slacking so hard
yesterday because I only got those three
clips I don't I don't know what was
going on I can't really film during the
taping when there's like packs going on
and then I didn't have any friends there
I was kind of alone and then after the
taping I just went straight home and
went to bed so you guys are probably
wondering why there wasn't a vlog
yesterday this is why because I'm not
going to put this up today for me I'm
going to leave this running and we're
gonna we're just going to move on to
today
keep those clips in we will continue and
today's gonna be another day in
America's Got Talent but it's a special
day because Harvey is making his debut
yeah buddy
he's actually gonna be on stage today
you excited you excited yeah he's gonna
be on stage because why Harvey's got
talent and I'm not even saying like I'm
gonna get a picture of him on stage blah
blah no actually he's doing something
I'm not allowed to talk about what he's
doing exactly and Nick Cannon's gonna be
taking him on stage and we'll see he'll
see you guys I'll let you know when it's
gonna air so you can see what happens
but I think he's excited I told him
about it he's like yeah I'm cool with it
I'm cool with it my harvey did so we
went I'm gonna get him ready
get him pooped right now he's gonna poop
he's gonna eat and then we're gonna go
Wow our t-shirt has his own dressing
yeah it doesn't say his name you need
your name on it do you need your name
he's been walking around exploring
saying hi to everyone in prevent yeah
right even have a good time you got a
lot of attention today
I just might get off I get so much
attention
he already did his act and now he's done
that wasn't it I was just walking him
back across so he can go back down to
his dressing room he he enjoyed it
you'll see how he did the first session
taping ended for today of americatown
went great right it went great
yep yep yep
did you enjoy it judging again I really
and I thought I was at the top of my
game you were at the top of your game
I would I would ask you
good I would have you at dad but we had
a really good time and we're going to
have another filming session soon and
it'll start again we just grabbed it fun
to eat real quick well that's the end of
America's Got Talent
in LA it is now going elsewhere I think
it's going to go to New York in a little
bit so if I'm not mistaken or maybe
somewhere else I don't know anyway it's
not going to be in LA today was the last
day of LA auditions and it was great
week going to a GTA hope that you guys
enjoyed those vlogs from all the AGT
stuff and just so that you guys know I
asked because you guys obviously guys
know Britney Britney works in the
company that has two audiences and I'm
also friends with other people in that
company and one of the guys who works on
a GT who also he that's he works in that
company the audience company I asked him
I said okay well you you do audiences
for a lot of other shows how can my
viewers go to like other shows and get
like cool things and stuff like that
like experiences so he told me that if I
tell you guys to follow their company's
Instagram they actually post a lot of I
didn't know this this is cool they post
a lot of opportunities like giveaways
for VIP tickets and they just do a bunch
of tickets to all different shows like
America's Got Talent
American Idol Dancing with the Stars all
different things you know across the
u.s. so if you guys follow that
Instagram you have a chance of getting
those VIP tickets which is cool because
they do giveaways and I'm not just
trying to like market their company I
just know that you guys like cool
because I like cool who doesn't
like it so if you guys want to I'm not
telling you you have to but I think it's
cool to get VIP tickets you guys can
follow TV fans rock their company's
called on-camera audiences but TV fans
rock is the Instagram at TV fans rock
I'll show to you right here let it focus
come on
oh this is a there we go TV fans Rock
what it says right there it's
nine-thirty p.m. because we just got up
but TV fans rock that is their Instagram
and if you follow that then you will
have a chance and you could look through
their pictures at all the different
shows they do they have clips of my dad
and clubs of all different stuff so they
work on a lot all like the biggest shows
they do the audience's for so definitely
check that out okay guys well that's all
I got for you for today so I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching this cuz I
enjoy doing this and being there and
being here and you are near now watching
this so yeah that's all I got for you
that's it
but that was the like I said last a
gteen for LA so now we'll get back on
regular stuff and doing doing the days
and the days that are done and we'll get
to it and we'll go through it don't know
what I'm saying so I'm just gonna end it
here and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
there's no surprise here guys we are
streaming it up concentration base
concentration face yeah yeah yeah super
concentrated we're playing some GTA 5 of
course cuz that's what we were playing
some Mario Kart 8 but everyone's like
switches EGA is let's ggj well here's
the chat we'll let everyone blog hike
along - hike as soon as it goes in
come on my blog hi long time I saw
ballsacks
yeah
it's the blonde one yeah so uh long hide
blog hike and that's what we're doing
right now but I think that we would like
some food so we were we're trying to get
some food right y'all so much
