hey guys new daily yeah hey party people
let's party Brandon's on his way over
we're gonna hang out you know probably
take a bath together with bubbles
because that's what we usually do we
don't do that we've never done that
that's I've done that with Roman
actually if you watch the hundred
thousand subscriber video I did do that
with Roman so it's not that abnormal
right it happens well anyway Harvey's
just minding his own business you know I
said your name why is it your name you
could be in it today you could be in it
yeah so I'm just waiting on him and then
we'll see what the day has in store for
us hello is ready Oh is there someone
else here oh it's mr. Jake everyone's
here it's a party people hey turn on the
museum party today is a party it's a
birthday today it's our birthday it's
our birthday it's not our birthday but
today we're gonna have a good day he's
excited okay it's time for the orgy yeah
I am there's no surprise here guys we
are streaming it up concentration face
concentration face yeah yeah super
concentrated uh we're playing some GTA 5
of course cuz that's what we were
playing some mario kart 8 but everyone's
like switches ugh let's do DJ well
here's the chat will let everyone blog
hike long hike blog hike as soon as it
goes in come on fix my blog hi long time
I saw ball sacks yeah
it's the blog yeah so uh blog height
blog hype and that's what we're doing
right now but I think that we would like
some food so we were we're trying to get
some food right got some uh oh you
enjoying that pizza out for yourself
empty thanks for taking out the trash
brah Harvey Harvey come here Harvey
right whatever you can't go there
everybody you can't go there you can't
go out there there's no before that's
not their area for you though IV team
it's it's 18 18 18 not Brandon team guys
see tomorrow goodbye goodbye goodbye
right buddy he's leaving Jake left I'm
alone it's time to do the pants off
dance off here we go I'm just kidding
there's no pants off dance off but I do
have to remember to let him out of the
garage or else he's gonna be stuck in
here full a ball I gotta go let him out
hey oh oh we're about to go to the gym
right now to get our workout game on get
our muscles all pumped up and ready to
go and flow and blood flow and pump it
through our veins and strong and lean
and we are fighting machines we've got
to work out yeah boyee after working out
at the gym getting on pump on we came to
my favorite coffee place feels get a
mint mojito iced coffee now they offer
small and large but Jake changed my
world today by telling me that they also
secretly have a 20 ounce look at this it
doesn't look big on camera it's the only
I know it doesn't look big on camera but
it is so big these coffees are so good
like when I take Brandon here he gets
two largest but they're really good
there's no alcohol to make mojito iced
coffee it's just called that because
they actually muddle fresh mint into the
coffee it's really good but uh I'm
stoked with this copy right now and I'm
about to be wired and with this much
coffee my toilet is gonna hate me later
Jake and I got pretty hungry we decided
let's go get thai food so we went I got
some yellow curry yeah Jake got red
curry mix matter what si si yeah see
it's time for yes Spanish bit but we're
at we're getting tired and this is a
good place called thai dishes
it's time to eat let's do this I am
excited right now because you guys
remember this this is what Mike gave to
me he see here well it's signed because
he he made this and he actually works
down the street and I know that he's
come by few times these total 18-member
Roman soldier everything he's really
cool and today I think he brought this
over as a present for heart before his
birthday we found this outside of my
building like up above this like things
you have to like climb to get it check
this out yeah this is Harvey's right
that it's not like super nice like glass
it hold this they can see the size of
this yeah it is it's big yeah super
awesome thank you so much and then also
this booklet that has Harvey's Instagram
stuff there's Harvey and Nikita Harvey
drink it has a rock baby Harvey however
your be Harvey I think the next one's
poop yep super cool so thank you so much
for this I know you didn't give me
anything that was signed into your name
this time but I know it's I know it's
from you Mike so thank you so much
Harvey appreciates it too and I'm going
to put this up my apartment as well so
thanks for this super awesome okay guys
what I thought I got me for today's so I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching I
know this little guy did cuz he's still
watching me so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching Jake just took a really massive
poop in the toilet he said it was
pleasant so what they did
okay well I did anyway so we're feeling
good I'm feeling clean I still got a
shower because we got back from gym not
too long ago after lunch Bob la gotta
clean up and I gotta head out to
America's Got Talent a little bit later
so you guys see that tomorrow's blog but
for now that's it so I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye just ended so now
we're going back okay well we'll go up
oh go for it
yeah this is this is what they see
Oh Alex yeah hello yo you're here oh I
don't want to be yeah I'm reported them
recording yeah now we're in the back
