hey guys it's a new day and I am going
to get to America's Got Talent but this
time I have a guest with me it was
tricky why because he has talents Jake's
gonna run up on stage and show love what
kind of talent he has I don't think he's
gonna do that Batson that's a good
thought he should you should do that I
don't think they want to
lure out this enormous dog
oh yeah he's gonna flash through the
flashing be like hey look at this I got
talent yeah but where we're headed up to
right now you and Jamie so far yeah I
wasn't a boy I was like aiming that way
too much American Ninja Warrior and the
next day we've got the season Greg's got
time so it's well they're numbered at
times I can edit a high note with
American Ninja Warrior and I think we're
in flash should not fail here so I'm
going to turn this off
but everyone else is getting in trouble
so I'm gonna turn this on
just end it so now we're going back yeah
well we'll go up to our
oh go for it
yeah this is this is what they see
Oh Alex yeah hello yo oh I don't want to
be yeah I'm recording them recording
yeah now we record the back of you
it's your Jesu yes they generally as you
imagine so glamorous there's fruits we
got hungry we decided to have some
dinner here at CPK California Pizza
Kitchen Jake got a pizza his cowboy
biscuit looks good I got a barbecue
chicken chopped salad
second day in a row I have salads
Uppercross what's going on here what's
going on how people look at me because I
said blocked it I've always let the
beard guy in public I like to be that
guy you guys should try being the weird
people publicly comments interested but
people look I can feel I can actually
like my peripheral yeah the a public
place
like on your phone yeah are you go and
you will see in your peripheral vision
people just like stare like value like
but it's definitely something you guys
should try it's very interesting that my
feels not much went on yesterday after
the taping after I went home I just kind
of like I had to put together all my tax
stuff I'm such a slacker that obviously
taxes are due next week on the 15th and
I haven't really put anything together
so I am now just to make sure I get
everything right because now I have you
know not only my personal taxes but my
business taxes for amp digital which is
my digital production company so I have
to do all the stuff for that different
write-offs different everything I want
to make sure I get it right so I'm
actually at my accountants office to
meet with him talk about everything how
to make things easier how to get the
biggest tax return how to do everything
I possibly can to make sure this is
correct and I don't end up getting
audited because that would suck so I've
brought together like my bookkeeping
stuff for this and then I have all of
like I hate keeping like records of
every receipt and everything like that
and I've had to do that for the past
year and it's I'm not an organized
person so to try to be organized as hell
for me but hopefully he can help me be a
little bit more organized and then I can
start being a little more responsible
about things and not wait till last
minute as you guys have seen when I run
out of gas or anything anything of that
sort that's been my life that was even
my schoolwork I would try to do my
homework as they were collecting it it
never worked I was not a good school
person but now here I have today doing
things the same way I always have but
I'm gonna head up and hopefully take
care of these taxes today so that they
could be in the past and talking well I
took care of everything I needed to take
care of
that's a big weight lifted off my
shoulders feels good feels fresh because
five feels nice
yep and also I was really pissed because
I I left my I always bring my blog cam
with me because I have this fear of
missing something that's blog worthy but
I was like I'm going upstairs to do my
taxes what am I gonna miss I put I left
my camera in the car
I don't know why it's like the first
time I did that I get in the elevator
and I'm riding up in the elevator with
King batch and I was talking with him I
was like hey and I told him I was like
well you should come to the taping of
America's Got Talent he was like oh he's
going to Coachella so he's not gonna
come but I was like damn it I wanted to
vlog with him the one time I leave my
vlog camera in the car I'm in the
elevator with King batch and I couldn't
get the footage because yeah and so
that's that didn't happen which sucks
whatever I said I mean it
yeah yacht is now I'm gonna head back
home to Santa Monica because I think
that Brandon's gonna head over and we're
gonna hang out cuz he'll be in the area
for work anyway
but I think I'm going to end it here
guys because I don't want this to be my
home vlog today and not put up this vlog
for you I want to give you a block okay
that's exactly what I want
so anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
thank you for all my you should you
should tell my blog that you told me but
you got it to play on his blog I didn't
tell her say this she was acting made my
day
scared she asked my dad what he would do
is wishful thinking if we stated I'm
only three years younger than her
boyfriend that's not that much right no
that's that's great look round yeah
