hey guys it's a new day and today I just
drove a good long time not to go far but
it's a lie so it took a long time I'm in
Hollywood now I'm gonna go to the Dolby
theater which used to be the famous
Kodak Theatre but then it's now the
Dolby Theatre that's where they're
taping America's Got Talent
so I am here to visit and hang out not
hang out with my dad because he's
working I'm not going to sit at the
judge's table but I'm wondering I'm
gonna hang out at the show and there's
also someone else here that you guys
know so we'll say hi to them and yeah so
we got a head on in here and save lives
down in Guyana cameras going to fall on
out so the first thing the cameras going
to see is you okay you see all of you so
we're gonna have to get up go with nuts
just stand by I'm gonna find out exactly
how we're doing it but it should happen
any second now are you guys excited now
you got the judges
let's anymore here yeah are you saying
hi to she saying hi to Ozzie how do you
make it hey that's okay that works
wait
this is actually her place of work it
Wow we just call me up doing good I
actually came just to like sit watch the
show and I'm either back she wouldn't
eat onions which are the reckless
she's very friendly but I'm gonna be the
one to say that not from what I see
watching you guys get to make a little
bit thank you
you should tell my blog that you told me
but you got it to my dad on his blog I
didn't tell it say this she was asking
me my clothes just ask me she asked my
dad but he would do is wishful thinking
if we say that I'm only three years
younger than her boyfriend that's not
that much right
that's that's great look out yeah that's
great I just got back to the apartment
now and I had a good time
fun show really happy I got to see
Britney that was who I was talking to
about in the beginning when I said you
guys will know someone can I'll show you
it's pretty uh yeah so she's not working
again there until Saturday but I'll keep
going back and I'll be there Saturday
see guess it's here again but right now
I'm home and I'm hungry and I have a bag
of lettuce hearts of romaine and I like
to buy it instead of just like it's
super quick instead of like cooking up
all my chicken sorry that I buy these
this one southwestern but it's just
chicken it's like grilled chicken with
different seasonings this one
southwestern seasoning and I just kind
of cut up that chicken even smaller
strips cuz it's pretty big mix it up and
then I found this dressing that I
actually really like it's um says
world's best oh if it will just focused
oh yeah it's miso and chia seeds sesame
dressing interesting but it tastes
really good I like it so it's very
simple salad just my protein my veggie
my dressing and Harvey you just had your
dinner you just had your dinner what do
you want you want
he just wants attention I'm gonna give
him some attention cuz cuz I like I love
him
he is he's my little man that's what he
is
you guys know my favorite salad place
the the simply salad
you know whenever yeah well I got
inspired and I took a knife I just put
it here because the piece of lettuce
were so huge that if I just grab this
here and go through it I already did
like mostly that's why I'm not really I
don't want to chop up too much but just
kind of go through and it makes it I'll
show you guys
so that it's all chopped up together
some pieces are a little small but
that's okay now the chicken is mixed up
and then I could transfer that to my
bowl and make myself a good sound
because now it's all mixed up and
chopped up ready to go put some dressing
because I had the Southwest chicken also
added a Mexican blend of cheese a little
bit and then I have the Ella here and I
take these tongs normally I hold the
bowl and spin it with one hand
then you take it you toss your salad oh
yeah I'm gonna toss your salad that's
exactly what's happening here
but there it is so I'll tossed and
that's my dinner and I'm excited because
I'm really hungry so I'm gonna eat it
now you you boy okay guys well that's
all I got for you for today I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching I enjoyed
doing like I always do and I think I'll
be possibly going back to America's Got
Talent
tomorrow another shooting all this week
including Saturday except for Thursday
they're not sure if there's it so I
don't know what what my plan is with
that but I guess we'll just see how
things play out things see how the week
goes but for now I'm going to end it
here so thank you for watching and I'll
see you guys again tomorrow good bye
and then we break come here get my face
got a rally yeah Easter kitchen it in my
mouth without it breaking I got anyone
well wow I feel like we're here fat look
what are you doing it's all blurry now
touch it oh there look at that
