hey guys it's a new day today and I have
some like just errands I got to do today
things I want to get done one thing I've
been holding off on for a while now and
I need to do it is I need to get my car
washed because it is so dirty look at
this you would think because I love it
so much I'd want to keep it clean I mean
this is like caked on the windshield is
a mess I mean I like a Jeep looks good
dirty but not like this dirty so I
definitely got to get this taken care of
look at this back window okay you can't
even see him that is disgusting
all of this all of this come on Alex
how could you let it get that van I
gotta admit though I'm pretty lazy so I
actually I use a service that comes here
to clean it I'm not going to say what it
is because you guys are automatically
gonna get sponsored so there's a bunch
of services that do it I use one that I
like I will show you guys what it looks
like after oh hello there welcome you
know wash my hair yes which is the same
thing I'm doing at home that I'm not
actually doing myself are nothing lost
in here I get my car washed by a service
that comes my house and yet when she
comes over she's like let's go wash my
car so I still and somehow end up at the
car wash she's down upon me but this is
fun do you see type of places are a lot
of fun look at how dirty her car it's
kind of hard to tell here in the shade
you can't like if I go close enough you
could like you can stick it there you go
ah the top isn't really
having little
like you can you can't really tell
because it's so caked on until I do that
oh dear do you have any cash all right
no you have to get changed this place
doesn't think I could any quarters
he'll keep cash
there you go just get a nice grin ah you
gotta push it all the way yeah the power
is I'm going to activate it
now I flip the switch watch what's gonna
happen look pull it off you can see it
it just comes out
my bad my familiar
oh well commitments all works
Joey oh so many but no it keeps coming
she's starting to look so pretty
Oh
their cars all clean we headed out and
first thing she did is roll the windows
down okay listen I don't have
air-conditioning
so it's broken and it's like a hundred
degrees that's fair
so the good way you'll feel a little bit
of fun I would much rather do a lot of
windows and I can clean off with some
Windex done like bacon is hard okay
okay I'll take that ballot still valid
it's so hot you would die exciting
mother windows that's very true I hate
anything you want to see my car oh so
pretty just that change Oh
the year I'm not even going to rub the
window to show you how to clean it is
you just tell cuz I want to put my
finger smudges on it
oh yeah this sucks because this little
thing so and open the door into mine
fine sorry oh and a wheel there so dark
yeah
now both of my my children are clean and
I'll watch the others I didn't have to
watch this is new but you're clean you
clean son of a gun
a lot of you have been commenting and
tweeting and sending me all these
messages asking when I'm going to show
you guys the vlog of me riding the
motorcycle or do a motovlog or something
like that the truth of it is is that I
want to take the motorcycle safety
course first which is like a three-day
course especially out here in LA it's
just it's so dangerous that I think I
should do that before I take apart I
ride it around like a couple streets
around here but to actually take it
somewhere the distance I want to make
sure I know everything that I should
know I do however own all of my
protective gear that I've been waiting I
was waiting on the last thing which was
my poop and that just came in I'll show
you guys what I have for protection but
before I show you that I want to thank
the people who got to protect it gear
for me which is Opinion Outpost for
those that don't know what Opinion
Outpost is it's a website that you can
go take surveys from companies and you
can earn cash and gift cards so while
you guys are just sitting at home doing
nothing watching my videos you could be
making some extra money or get some cool
gift cards so you guys me buying things
that you want to buy that you guys love
to complain that you don't have the
money for well now you can get the money
now you can get it you just take some
surveys it's that easy I'm going to go
ahead and put a link down in the
description below so you guys can check
out Opinion Outpost and start making
some money getting some gift cards and
I'm going to show you what Opinion
Outpost got for me the light kind of
makes it look a little faded but this is
just a black jacket that I have and it's
got like padding all this is a hard pad
here hard pad in the shoulders
there's a pad back here so spine
protector so this is like I mean when I
put this on I feel like I'm wearing my
school backpack again it is so freakin
heavy now I'm just sitting down so it's
really not that bad when I'm sitting but
at least I'm protected so that's that's
the most important part the back of the
jacket has like that's that's their logo
you know I'm not a huge logo person but
it's so like low profile and you
actually can't tell here but that's
extra reflective for headlights on my
back so that's good too
I have these leathers Street and steel
gloves these are full leather with
hardened knuckles and so these should
give me some extra protection as well I
already owned this helmet you guys saw
me use it with the trail bikes and it is
dot certified so it's okay for the road
and then my foots just that just came in
are these right here I don't really know
what the brand are but I found them
super cool I'm excited about these these
are also freaking heavy heart and toes
but now I'm all good to go an tree I'm
safe now like I might not that's all my
protective gear we'll be able to ride
soon as a thank-you Opinion Outpost for
sponsoring this vlog allow me to get all
the protective gear you guys keeping me
safe so guys if you want to make some
extra money get some gift card that link
is in the description below Harvey you
looking so good bud he's just sitting
there just hanging out legs with
everything he's just chillin watching
you eat awesome this book so look I know
okay I woke out one film I was wrong
Harvey what if I told you I have a
friend for you to play with what I told
you I'm gonna bring you home a friend
for you to play with what you might have
a friend to are you gonna have a little
sister oh I'm sorry that you have to be
on a leash I just don't know how you're
going to react to the dude dog
the new puppy oh she's coming up I hear
them you excited I know you hear them
you she drew all right oh hello little
pepper
hello ho ever in that room they call I
have her haircut she looks a door with
pepper I want to see you oh I see you oh
look you had a fright over there look at
our views on 1.1 fish
hey loosen it test so you can zip which
again
he's like little good pepper is actually
Andrea's brand new puppy that she has
let you mmm thank you she's the cutest
little thing in the world literally more
energetic but she does that to about
half hours our view man he let me take
that too you can't eat a cup you like to
come off the leash this is good to just
run around girl
you can't look like an old man now like
a weird mix between an old man and tiny
child we are on the wall
ah time for dinner
we'd be are you ready to go have a go oh
no not yet I don't want to go I just
cause I'm so sweet pepper pepper pepper
lacquer Oh pepper wants to be harvested
anyway I think that that is all that we
got peppers are ready to go aren't you
aren't you aren't you Harvey's like
Harvey I know you're not you not being
replaced bro oh oh you he'll love you
have love you have loved my bud
he's like worried over placing him no no
you're not being replaced oh my god guys
this is a mess anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today's been fun I
guess the more fun stuff for you guys
next time I hope you enjoy a new love
hey do how will that note we will see
you guys again soon
goodbye I don't have all my protective
gear or anything like that but I can't
really try to drive right this second
but I want you guys to hear that
I think it's not pregnant sexy
