hey guys it's a good day it's Easter
Sunday so happy easter to you guys I'm a
Jew so you guys paint the eggs and I
will eat them now we're actually about
with Jake and and mr. Philip you have a
trouble over there with your beer i'm
going to use your ear screams ah ok and
we are streaming live right now on
twitch drinking some beers have a
relaxing day blog height blog myblog
I've I know that's gonna come up here
focus focus i purchase on your blog i
vlog huh yeah yeah whoo Jake is my best
friends on the hi mom yes we just hang
it out of here and have a good job this
is my announcement I am coming out of
closet oh yes Jake is now good I can
confirm the new day everything everyone
knows that Jake is gay down i forgetted
oh she get hurt since it's easter and
I'm a Jew what's better than having ha
yeah ham on these Easter ham you're a
pretty straight I'm gonna go to the
store and I'm gonna get Eastern ham for
me for us for all of us it'll be at hand
party and then we're going to get eggs I
have eggs we're gonna pick we're not
going to paint over to sharpen them cuz
it's Easter happy Easter everybody from
the chew we got the hammer you got the
ham they have is cooking we have some
eggs they got peas on them but it's cuz
they're they're so pretty and normally
use was like our ball a bit different
too cool inks and stuff like that would
like painting hi this is a Jewish
version of Easter so we went just got
sharpies yep and we're just gonna color
on these
eggs without hard boiling them so that
way like 50 eggs for breakfast or
something I could still crack them open
and I only ruin the outside I didn't
have to hard boil them because I could
have a hard but I would sometimes I'd
rather not have a hard-boiled I'd like
scrambled or something events I don't
need to to do that right now so we're
gonna color out these ones look at all
this arts and crafts Oh what I can quest
lots of glyphs Cameron what are you
making it's a Dalmatian talak dough is
in cali don't mean Cal and why is it
being all blurry the shop is it awful
you could touch the screen how are you
in yeah wait is it so good so talented
oh this one has its period uh-huh and it
has yellow and dots and green lines can
you see it is it focused I did fuck its
yeah big yellow blue and green and red
and now that it work on orange I did I
did that we're making specialized today
look I did it says Happy Easter and then
my egg has broken and there was twins
inside how the fuck do I focus when I'm
holding the camera I guess you
how I do it touch it maybe you're
holding it too close big up got it I
can't even hold it that way fuck that
whatever there's another chicken another
on the other side oh shit fucking twins
hahaha what are you consuming my cell my
blog very quickly Miley degree creepy
Creek Valley Riley McLean clue hey
orange squiggles earthquake happy sorry
everybody come here my face got it ready
yeah Easter catching it in my up without
a pretty I got anyone well wow I feel
like we get a fat lip what are you doing
it's all blurry now touch it oh there
look at that oh and look at that oh whoa
okay this was supposed to be pretty and
fun and now know that actually was not a
good idea at all
read it and I have another idea Riley
her egg
take this these don't go to waste just
that what kind of went to waste but
turning this
take that
oh yeah this is what he should be
shooting guys oh yeah that's how you
Pope we have our Eastern am yeah it's a
tight it looks a little better but it's
not that she's just darker yeah Riley
stop stroking it with the knife stop
stop you agree to big pieces come off
okay Tommy's teddy bear stop her at all
timing some him ok mr. am that's what
I've been waiting for push it so good I
like it happy Jewish easter time mm-hmm
ok guys that's all I got for you for
today I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching my Jewish gangster it happens
it happened we did it yeah and for those
of you that are not Jewish happy easter
for those that aren't Jewish I hope you
had a great pass over so yeah about now
I'm gonna finish off here and I'm gonna
go actually pick up mr. Harvey because
he's been being watched for the weekend
something to go do that and you'll see
me tomorrow because I will see you guys
tomorrow goodbye it's just 10 Kelly you
Thomas jelly owe you a shake you can
solve it I always sit on the side you
face don't worry it's empty now it's
empty let me see that sir let me see it
I don't love you see it let me show that
I got the whole side face
it's just one ah
