hey guys it's a new day today and before
I go out and do anything a friend of
mine that I haven't seen in a while is
coming over cuz I'm gonna shoot
something real quick for his channel his
channel is how to crank it up and that
is he'll be up in two seconds fish to
Dennis Roady
I can be like a whole intro and then and
then elevator opened it was like this -
yeah it was like perfectly planned we
actually doing five times what my green
machines everybody machine so I feel
that little like Frank thing with Dennis
and you ever see that little girl on is
how to prank it up channel cuz I pranked
him pretty good on the iPhone and then
he loved it he was like what's to shoot
it for my channel so we did that now
we're in Pomona because we shoot it but
my dad so you did a GTI you're America's
Got Talent they're doing like a special
day okay that's crazy stunts I'm right
now it is a trailer hello
they haven't seen you a lot of time you
guys know she because she makes me look
pretty with my makeup when I was like
doing trailer right now and
start biking up my dad's about 20
minutes ago start shooting I don't know
how much of it I could actually show
about reading against as much as I
possibly can
everybody's quiet together what you're
gonna stay I have two straight knowledge
this is how I'm a brand how about you is
kind of serious I'm gonna go okay you go
I think what's your name well I can do
this without what's your name are you
sure keep wearing the earpiece that I
usually call you on how you would tell
me who came with you to the show today
my mom it's mom where's mom mom
do we like Hannah okay girl
I barely dinner's all tonight but that
was lame way not at my house went to a
restaurant is title so we're all here
and show you guys the monkey again we
were just talking about breastfeeding
with teeth she thinks it's a common guys
throughout one of my favorite place
or sunlight or Ganic they have been here
Caliban
nice little what a Malibu every single
day I present the owner it is amazing
what is the best beach to happen to well
that's one shot four of us where's
deputy yep okay yeah okay you just gonna
take the whole thing all right yeah now
let's take it I wanna see faces
Wow
back at my place now get some of the
cousins back here we're having some some
bonding time over some drinks all of us
some drinks I don't know what Adams
doing he's celebrating something
celebrate Adam blow it blow it out there
you go that's not drink I have a video
on my other channel I just the Alex
Mandel channel not this blog one where
he stayed with me at my place in Malibu
and Brendan I just like trying to like
12 times a little simple apartment right
and it was never meant for YouTube but
we decided to put love we had music to
it so you guys want to check it out
that's where Adam was in one of my
videos but there's having a good time
hang it out suggest the word join we
decided hey we're hanging out here we're
gonna be playing games playing games we
might as well be streaming blog hype
yeah shout out hi blog blog blog blog
how do I do it yeah here goes
mmm yeah always fun I'm sorry that suck
I know you guys on here always saying
like how come you never tell us if you
go on so like this was such a
last-minute thing I didn't even know
they were staying over he's like a last
minute you know like oh you should come
hang out we'll play games or whatever
and then superlap smells like here I'll
show you what it's like to scream cuz
it's so much fun and we started doing it
so I'm actually gonna try to make a
regular schedule so you guys can
actually know when to come on and hang
out
we could have parties but now we're just
we're just hanging out it's very late
here and we're gonna try to prank Adam
yeah let's go put it down I have my
alcohol shotgun it's only filled with
water there's nothing else in it but
we're thinking of walking up to his face
while he's sleeping giving him a little
bit of this let's try that again it was
in backwards good thing we did a trial
run yeah yeah so it doesn't quick like
solid stream of water and that'll be in
his face that would have been epic fail
if I didn't just try to do that so now
we're good
next next target is his face change of
plans he woke up because he coded that
we were doing something now he's in the
bathroom here I just gotta get
about always bumping it up I dig Wow
Adam do you know do you know where the
toilet paper isn't there yeah are you
pooping yeah yes yeah that's gonna take
a while how long does it take you to
poop your what what did you say your
squirtle II I don't know what he's
talking about he's turning he's turtling
Oh means that it's just poking its
little head out Joey oh you always sit
on the side you face don't worry it's
empty now it's empty
let me see let me see it
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching always fun to mess around my
cousin Ben they're leaving tomorrow I
got driving back to their hotel where
their parents are so they can go back to
the airport there's a crashing for the
night but I had fun hope you did too I
enjoy doing this I hope you enjoy
watching this and I will see you guys
look at me ranting ranting ranting
without even making sense it's because
it's late it's like 3:30 almost for some
3:30 almost 4 so about 3:30 almost for
us we're skipping here ok I'll see you
guys good morrow
good bye dad
what's up turned out really well what
what do you wanna know where the toilet
paper is yeah it's all in our bathrooms
