hey guys it's a new day today miss Riley
is driving hello
and we just dropped off mr. Harvey
because he's going to the vet my all my
relatives from Toronto are coming in
today and I don't want him to just be
locked up in a room or anything I feel
bad so he's gonna be staying at a vet
tojust overnight they have like boarding
and he has other dog he finds to stay
there so he enjoys it smears dropped him
off and now we're gonna head over to my
parents house hi Abby hi Vinnie doesn't
even frame honey
very good I'm proud of you are leaks up
thank you right mm-hmm
are you gonna laugh at me makeup makeup
yeah well I got a smile hey I have you
she's musical all my family are not here
I mean they're all over the place
there's like a lot of us is just my
family is like definitely over 20 and
then so we have this table set up over
here yeah that's like hummus and all
stuff and then one of those you don't
realize that this is like it's actually
really good if you haven't tried it you
should try some chopped liver
like this yeah it's actually really good
you should try it then we have a bar
open bar over there well it's not
focusing CS all the drinks that you
could drink because of course that's
what we like you know that if you watch
this channel and then all the tables set
up in the other room to you have dinner
so we're gonna be doing that soon but
right now we're getting snacks and some
drinks in us this video yeah that it's a
video we got wine here as as you I don't
see you know my family is Jewish right
it is this is the Passover Seder so for
those of you that don't know everything
me this is one of the holidays and you
get to have weird stuff on your plate to
start like this I think that it's
man yeah so look there's a whole story
behind everything that's here why
there's like kind of us abolishing and
everything that what do are you ready
eating right now
how are you starving well would you good
but uh yeah so after all this comes then
like the actual food to me throughout
the year traditionally you start with
like this like you read the book
oh you read the book yep you got the
Hebrew there you're actually supposed to
have at least four glasses of wine on
Passover are using a person at the table
really so we made on that medium active
we will definitely do that tuition
that's an easy Trish promise we're going
to get started
show you one extra cool because what I'm
excited about
- that's what I'm busting you guys a few
times a month wasn't given a debate so
quick yes we be doing
they said he rested on the seventh day
my dad's ready to eat so he went around
and just took everyone's book that he
goes okay enough we're done let's eat
all right no we never have a normal
holiday everything's fun you laughing
the food is coming dad what's up
turned out really well
what'd you throw any more food Jew get
in trouble
but it's not done know where the toilet
paper is yeah it's all in our bathrooms
yeah that'll develop a lot some good
yeah they should be a memory something
matter some frisky chicken
Tommy Williams I know you want some but
I'm gonna eat it you involve check this
out
I'm getting fat everything has to be
back in order now there we go yeah cuz
this whole room needs me put it was set
up for dinner and then now everything's
gonna be back to normal like this room
is back to normal
and what do you what do you doing like
dancing oh you trying to be were you in
behind me no what I just want to not be
in the oh you don't be in the vlog no
way you're not in it okay
toilet broken use gym bathroom good to
know I think this would be really you
guys know rich you have they've seen you
before this is his daughter Makenna she
has friends apparently that watch me I
don't know why I wouldn't watch me but
what do you want to what are their names
if they see me on and
Armus Samuel Arvin how's it going uh we
should we should do this YouTube thing
sometime she said you have a channel now
we could do that together
collaboration yeah okay guys well I hope
you guys enjoyed watching my family and
joining us joining me for dinner with my
family that's what we did you joined me
joined us my family for dinner tonight
thank you for coming would you like a
parting gift me too
anyway I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching I gave you a little glimpse
into my crazy family life it's always
fun always a good time
family's a big thing for my family so we
have a big family and it's big and it's
for my family and that's the only big
thing about me is my family not and
maybe might like me because I'm fat but
on a side note not on the side on the
front on the front note this is done so
I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye Jake and I got an invite oh yeah
I mean we're going to a screening but
we're not going with helmets really
really yeah actually I did and Jake is
my plus one but is he he is so that time
you're watching this and suck me out so
I'll let you know but
yeah I'm really excited to see this I've
been wanting to see it we get to see a
day early
yes I be excited are you snapchatting I
know free chocolates everything I just
took comma 4
