hey guys i am here with mr. jacques mr.
jacques ad and we are going to the gym
yeah to workout get our get our muscles
moving that our bodies slamming an hour
and our testees turning that's what
we're gonna do so we're heading over to
the gym right now gonna get our workout
on and then and then start on yourself a
good day yeah we just got back from
getting all of our muscles working in
our testees turning in now we're having
his lunch lunch time you got a godmother
which is like the famous sandwich from a
bay cities down street and and
mozzarella side oh hi Jake hi I got
turkey pesto sandwich and some cucumber
salad boom I'm excited to eat why
because I'm always excited to eat why
cuz i have a freakin fatass okay I'm
hungry Jake and I got in like this oh
yeah I mean we're going to a screening
but we're not going with well it's
really this morning really yeah actually
I did and Jake is my plus one but is he
is seven that time you're watching this
asset me out so i'll let you know but
yeah I'm really excited to see this I've
been wanting to see it we could see a
day early yeah I be excited oh you snap
chatting I know free chocolate said
everything I just took car before yeah
Daniel I'm just gonna say we just got
out of the movie right now and it is
that movie is like super epic craziness
of course they have something like
absolutely ridiculous things but that's
what makes it what it is like if you're
a fear of a pest-free as fan you gotta
watch it oh god it's definitely one of
the top in the franchise it is like good
it's killer and then there's a whole
like tribute at the end to Paul Walker I
saw the people in the feeder like what
their eyes stuff it's definitely
definitely not a waste of money they'll
go watch especially if you're a past
fast and furious fan I've seen all them
yeah then you should see it we're going
to right now we're in Jake's gonna we're
going back to Jake's place and then
we're gonna take it uber from there to
the after party because it's close to
jakes and they have alcohol and we don't
wanna drink it right so that's what we
can do with the after party now
Microsoft Wow
plan hi yeah i have forza horizon 2 but
they have plastic various definitions
even raise the cars from the movie gotta
go
let's play
Xbox one
with stoked or something
oh there we go
yeah we just watched these cars jake has
been owning it was gay and first boy
suburbia I don't know if I if they could
see that
number one I beat it by
eight seconds these were getting first
place on every race I try to play a
little bit and let's just say Jake is
this good nah this is not gonna answer
it now but no we're having a good time
here microsoft lounge
yeah not sure what's what's gonna rot
down I just got back to my place huh so
Jake he wanted to come he was having a
great time and he wanted to see the
movie and all stuff but one thing he was
really excited for is they said an
invitation at the end you'll get like a
like a jam box speaker by jawbone and
he's like oh sick I could use one of
those and I was like yeah you should
come let's get that well we were leaving
and he goes of cool is this a little
chris cds like yeah take that if any
points migos and I have something for
you and I was like okay and he goes
here's this which is the jambox head
unfortunately it's only for the invited
guests not any of the plus ones or
friends or anything like that so he
wasn't able to get one another guy went
on to say that this one these are
actually like custom limited edition
ones only 80 made and here you go super
cool here's Lou Christie d he is like a
card for not going to show the other
side because it says the code on it but
it's like for Xbox uh points so that I
could I don't own an xbox one but
hopefully if I get one soon I could use
those points and use it towards a game
or something like that but I was like
Jake was like oh okay well Jake you got
a CD so bad but hey I got one okay guys
that's all I got for you for today I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching I
hadn't
I enjoy doing and yeah that's all it's
all I got for you so Harvey's just what
do you do there we go for it go finish
your food you didn't finish it yelling
it a little bit by all our relatives
from Toronto are flying in today so I'm
gonna go we're doing stuff with them
today so you will see that tomorrow's
vlogs I'm gonna add it here and I will
see you guys again tomorrow do much oh
oh ah there we go its back
