hey guys it's a new day today and boy do
I have a surprise for you because it
wasn't surprised for me I didn't think
this would happen so quick but it has I
know that a long time ago I had Louie
that Bulldog that you guys knew well I
got word that there was another little
guy available for me to have for myself
and I've been looking for her puppy for
a dog and I want you all to meet Harvey
Harvey Harvey is gigantic but he's only
three months old
look at these and monstrous paws look at
this yeah you're gonna be a gigantic one
he'll be either the same size or bigger
than that dog Louie that I had but me
and Harvey we're gonna have a good time
he slept with me last night in the room
he's so good he's already pretty much
potty-trained he's already playing on my
skateboard so I think he's gonna be a
skateboarding bulldog
but he's awesome I am so excited I even
created his own Instagram it's just at
Harvey bulldog yeah
I did that I'm that kind of person I'm
that dog owner that was my very first
announcement of mr. Harvey and now who's
woody who looks like today yeah buddy
yeah your boo why you showing your teeth
right now there you go there you go you
showing them your teeth you want to show
them that you have big teeth now yeah I
like that tongue I got that tongue
buddy's has my best friend and he's won
today happy birthday mr. Harvey happy
birthday
one thing that Harvey loves so much is
that time yeah you want to take a bath
you ready you will wash yourself you
will wash yourself he's he's waiting
he wants to it for his birthday he's
going to get it back you go get a bath
right now I'm gonna watch you and I just
got mad for the jig not too long ago and
I would take a shower and get changed in
everything but he's such a mess to do a
bath tube that I'm like you take one
first
and when I'm all messy and dirty from
your bath then I will take my shower
okay Harvey Harvey you come first today
it's your day you are heavy you are
happy oh oh oh
drink some water
we got this yeah
it's time
okay good boy oh come here
towels ready you wanna you wanna wait
yourself is that what you a new boom tom
to dry hey honey
ladies look at the camera look at the
camera you gotta you gotta be all dry
clean I just went out to Party City and
got him this birthday hat and these like
you know no he's making things yeah and
I got a bow tie and for his I put a
stick in it so that it would be solid
and wouldn't go back in and I'm gonna
take a picture at least attempt to take
a picture of us with this stuff and try
to get perfect timing to see if if I can
get a picture for his Instagram which
you should check out it's just ad Harvey
bulldog that's his his act Harvey
bulldog you're doing pretty well on
Instagram buddy you ready to take a
picture ready to take one he's been
asked me to take a birthday pictures all
day I'm finally gonna do it with that a
lot of work to take the picture RV Sal
it worked you just napping it's your
birthday you could sleep as long as you
want
yeah he just finished his dinner so he
wants to sleep it off thank you cam for
helping with the picture yeah
cam help take it and it honestly it just
had to be perfect timing and there was a
lot of pictures that were super blurry
here I'm going to show you what the
picture looks like the picture that we
took looks like oh actually you'll have
to look at this Instagram go check it
out
now Harvey looks
very innocent very very funny and
friendly and happy and he is very
friendly and happy but one thing he's
he's he can get into some trouble so I
put together a few clips of Harvey doing
some bad stuff and I hope you guys I
hope you guys enjoy seeing seeing
Harvey's Harvey's fun this is what he
has fun doing check it out Harvey
yeah so that's that's what I deal with
with Harvey not all the time he actually
doesn't I know at the end of that I
showed him pooping in the house but that
only happens if I forget to open the
door up there so that he could poop what
he wants to but I felt like well you
didn't over the door so I shat in your
house well thank you Harvey
thank you for in my place but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed Harvey
loves you I love you thanks for hanging
out watching and that's all I got for
you for today so I will see you guys
again in the next vlog yeah goodbye
what do you find enough streaming my
dad's I showed him my game setup and
he's amazing yeah this is amazing I'm
gaming and I've never played GTA 5 we're
playing GTA 5 and I'm so hooked up I'm
so in I'm streaming you let's go and
fence we're streaming right now even
seven you see here in vlog walk hello
hello I love you cut your hair okay
there everyone's writing Alex is 400
people on the stream aside yeah there's
right now there's 413 watching so yeah
that's what we're doing right now and I
don't know how long we go I gotta set up
this race okay I gotta go
