hey guys so right now I am feel like
every day since i started using twitch
to stream i have been leash off so this
is released okay I've been looking up
new things and watching tutorials on how
i can change different things and how I
can make it better and listening to
everyone in the in the chat they're
saying do this do this do this some of
your sending emails saying try this so I
keep adding new things I just changed
the whole different all my stream
options as everything that not that you
guys care I'm just telling you because
that's what I'm doing right now Harvey
oh how did you bring that trash can for
me sitting on the green screen he has it
comfortable I hope you don't have poop
stuck to your butt hey boy see us i'm
doing i think my dad's in there he might
come by and stop and say hello so I see
him in a few minutes what do you buy
ended up streaming my dad's I showed him
my game setup and he's amazing yeah this
amazing I'm gaming and I've ever played
GTA 5 we're playing GTA 5 and i'm so
hooked up i'm sewing i'm screaming you
let's go and fence realized we're
streaming right now I'm in seventh I can
see here vlog walk hello hello I love
you to cut your hair ok there everyone's
writing alex is 400 people on the stream
is so yeah there's that right now
there's 413 watching uh so yeah that's
what we're doing right now and I don't
know how long we go I gotta set up this
race okay I have to go dude my dad just
left we ended up playing some mario kart
and everything on the stream for you
guys don't you should go follow me on
twitchtv / alex mod√®le and my dad will
play more he actually really enjoyed it
and now mr. Jake is here have you
showered after the ocean yeah okay you
Justin do your hair now I guess I
thought like maybe just dried you came
over here nervous it would have been
totally fine if he did but yeah anyway
I'd what if i'm doing that I think jake
and i might stream 2 i'm hungry do
dinner
I'm starting okay we should eat dinner
i'm hungry and then then then we'll see
what to do Jake and I are streaming
right now but I just realized is five
minutes after midnight which makes it Oh
March 31st and you're probably watching
this on lunch 31st which means that it
is Harvey's first birthday happy
birthday buddy hey hey wake up wake up
come on I want to give you a hug come
here come here come here you lazy bully
come here Oh June he does not want to
move out he's like for my birthday I
just want to sleep here's here's the
chat they was the one recent vlog hello
hey happy birthday Harvey what up long
longer volume this is better than porn I
just saw that yo vlog yeah so it is
Harvey's birthday tomorrow we're gonna
do special stuff for it but right now
you're just tired is that what it is
buddy are you just tired it's your
birthday you look so excited are you
excited sleeping on my wires no he can
be the lazy dog ever but it's his
birthday and I love you little man I
love my little boy it's time for you
don't go this hello meester birthday boy
I see you coming here mr. birthday boy
mr. birthday boy every day to you I'll
see you later Jake you just stay here
buddy used to here buddy yeah see ya he
says have pieces thank you yeah I'll see
it hey Jake and I always have a good
time streaming um with a lot of people
watching which is still he's good cuz i
love to talk to all you guys that's
where actually good to have like real
conversations these blogs if I just
ranch and it talked for like
10-minute conversation it wouldn't be
that interesting that I rent and talk on
these on these streams sometimes for
like six hours at a time crazy time
crazy time crazy time so yeah we did
good time so we definitely doing that
more often and she finished up at the
gym and now my sister called me she's
going to go get lunch at my favorite
salad place I know it sounds weird have
a favorite salad place but it's honestly
so good and its place called simply
salad what is this car just blanc in
this way there's all the people rolled
here mister yeah no it's they like
because I like places that actually chop
up your sound this place that you go to
if you guys are in santa monica check
out some beside i'll show you what i
mean but when you get a salad you pick
on everything you want in it and then
they use this like half knife thing
whatever and they chop it all up and mix
it all together and make it a wonderful
wonderful happy salad it's a happy salad
makes you happy when you eat it and it's
healthy so why not but i'm bout to be my
sister there and then we're gonna grab
sunny
then they take the salad and put it on
that sign board and they like chop it up
like crazy you see when someone doesn't
hey
went to chop everything good to go it is
yeah I like like the dress extremely
dispersed already like having poured on
top of a few levels of glory ever shoot
that one looks good too
yep
need it okay guys I'm going to end it
here I'm lunch was good and RV's waiting
to start his birthday adventures right
wiggle that but we left but buoy wiggle
that foot he's excited started birthday
adventures which will be in tomorrow's
blog because today's his birthday so I'm
gonna film all that so I'm gonna end it
here got some adventures with Harvey
have some good birthday time right right
yeah so um we're gonna have a good time
i'm going to enter here i hope you guys
enjoyed watching and that's all I got
for you saw we'll see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye hey stop hey man mo mo
do not go
