hey guys it's a new day today new and
sorry I totally just started that off I
started vlogging before I even realized
what I was about to do she's vlog yeah
just my place tonight my friends having
a housewarming party and so I'm gonna go
check that out it's not too far just
down the street I wonder who will be
there I'm sure some interesting people
would be there he does he's he does PR
for n social media stuff for dan
Bilzerian that's his job he's one who's
pretty much made Danville's Ariens
instagram what it is cuz he does all the
PR stuff and out to articles and
everything anyway so I don't know what
to expect but he's been a friend of mine
since I was in like fifth or sixth grade
so I'm gonna go check out his new place
and then yeah I think Jake and Brian are
gonna head over and probably all go
together so I don't know what's going on
we'll see what do you think of that food
buddy do you like it you like it a lot
of you guys don't know this well yeah a
lot of you does not know Harvey he is
not even one yet and he's 65 pounds I'm
not crazy he's not even one yet he turns
one on the 31st turns one up March 31st
and because and he just ran out of food
this morning his puppy food and when I
went in I was like he's about to be one
that I go you should switch them over to
adult food so big milestone for Harvey
he's now on adult I don't like to think
of him as an adult I won't call you an
adult until you are at least one years
old okay Harvey he's still a puppy and
Chili's one when he's one oh then we'll
see we'll talk didn't you might be an
adult then maybe we'll see but
but he's almost there but Jane over here
oh that's it we're going I'm bringing
some vodka over for the housewarming
party I'm hanging up on this yeah so
we're gonna head over to the house wine
party and have herself a splendid time
you guys you guys should just make out
and I'm really not looking for this I
wasn't invited thanks Greg it's a good I
asked Greg if he can come and he said
yeah grab my buddy nice place
yeah that's that's what we're dealing
the man
this is Greg you but they've seen you
but usually give this guy decide to come
to my house for walks I invited all the
time what do you mean for one I think oh
I imagine every big housewarming though
it's new this is new this is Dan doesn't
want to hang out with you anymore now
you left drove up he like ran over our
cars really I was actually just excited
to film his Mercedes 6x6 and then when I
looked out it was gone I was like
this is sick place you swim in the pool
every college on in the morning I
regularly get the boys basic
yeah it was like teasing like crazy got
teased is there I wish I got like as
soon as I know soon as I'm out there
hazing ended but they were still
yeah going on he wasn't going down as we
were leaving the party I was like ah you
know what because I missed the actual
tasing I know I was gonna get a lot of
crap from you guys and I was like I only
want to give them they want to see the
tasing so I found one of the guys who
had it on his phone unfortunately he
filmed it portrait not landscapes I know
this will be a vertical video guys
that's the way he filmed it but he had
like the end half of the tasing so you
guys at least get to see some of it
check out the footage here
here's closer up of this guy getting
tased
good so long farewell goodbye yeah yeah
we have website I'll see you guys my
side first time it was a crazy night
well yeah that was a crazy video right
um yeah I don't know I don't have
anything else anything else to say I
think that's that's it
I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
today watching this blog I had I had a
good I enjoyed being in it I would like
to be in my vlog again some some day
soon by the way if you think I'm drunk
right now I haven't had a sip of alcohol
all day because I was hungover from
yesterday's streaming when I got wasted
and then I was hungover this morning so
I was like you know what no alcohol I
know it's Saturday blah blah zero so you
guys could be proud of me
not even a sip but I am tired so I'm
gonna head to bed
Harvey is playing around nobody's doing
it but he's tired too so we're going to
bed but I hope you guys enjoyed and I
will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye okay guys I am drunk
as mother frickin hell right now I will
go to bed i Jake you were drinking
