hey guys look who's here it's mr.
Brandon hello hello we're gonna go get
some lunch right now we're going to
buckle up Franco because I feel like
shrimp sometimes he just getting that
shrimp
that's shrimp mood and you just want to
be just one shrimp I'm gonna go get
shrimp you know what what I got a shrimp
popcorn yeah what up there's my personal
experience yeah bread and I just got
back to my place now from dinner it was
the worst uber ride of my life
he thinks it's hilarious because I'm
sitting in the back seat he's sitting
the front seat and the guy was he's like
yeah you don't work like late at night
cuz the guy was like yeah I like to
finish like 10:00 sent out to deal with
drunk people he's like yeah why not you
know it's good money
he was like no like last night some guy
throw up in my car he's like oh we're
taking my backseat and I'm sitting back
there and I'm like oh my god don't say
my seat Brandi goes ahead which seat
because that one the one he's sitting in
come on last night so I threw up in it
you tell me it well tell me that while
I'm sitting there that's most disgusting
ever oh my god I was freaking out so
much oh it was terrible
no now Jake's texted me we'll see what
what he wants to do but that was that
was so bad thanks for you know you dude
you never invited your controllers
showing the police lights he was telling
a car oh hey big boy hey big boy how's
it going hey Syd can I have five boom
thank you thank you big boy Jake's here
uh Brendan just left here to go meet up
with his uh his owner an S doesn't want
Brandon night
no bread Brendan wanted to go meet up
with him and he was like Oh Jake's
coming I got better li now I want to see
him yeah no I don't know he just had to
go but - probably gonna be it's Friday
night
we don't know where to go but it's not
too late right now so right now we're
just going to pop open his bottle of
bourbon and I guess I'll stream for a
little bit we're gonna stream for a
little bit and gets in some police
chases on gta5 whiskey and police chases
that's what we're calling it and yeah
that's what we're planning on doing
right now what I'm scared of that I'm
scared of that ah I feel like that was
really hurt let's get drunk
yeah can you guess what we're doing
right now all right streaming live right
now no one's don't write anything
because it's delayed they don't realize
this they're on it here watch it okay oh
here we go
Go Go ready ready ready ready wait it's
gonna start saying like high blood stuff
like that no one no one no one here we
go Hey see there's my there's my delay
and then it's I see entrepreneur 11
cents screw you thank you
yeah that's that's my way of giving them
their their shots they'd like to see
their names in the chat and we've been
drinking we opened up this bottle
brand-new still drinking here we got a
sound left in here you know we're just
this is when we play GTA this is the
only kind of drinking and driving I'll
condone you drive in GTA and you drink
you drink in your place too cold
suburban wha whoa oh
this way to do it yeah sorry about that
purp that's excuse me hey guys check it
out check his stream with us tonight mr.
max no sleeves oh you just hit yourself
in the face of them are you gonna say hi
to my blog are you too busy yeah super
awesome he just came he came from iCloud
he's like what he gets it so now you
don't come by a game and train we opened
let me take this we opened this bottle
new when we started this live stream and
it is almost empty oh my god
I could tell you it really are made of
water right now oh really are you but
we're having a good time good time
that's all that matters okay guys I am
drunk as mother frickin hell right now
we're gonna I will go to bed I Jake you
were drinking no no yeah yes anyway guys
I'm a little bit down that's what I we
finished that ball
as if do you type of a bit a little bit
more than one yeah it's four o'clock in
the morning talk a little bit now we're
doing lunch I guess brunch yeah twitches
a lot of fun
you got breakfast burrito definitely
some coffee too and then I cut it
between the salad sandwich it aside yeah
feeling good like shit okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today I
hope that you guys enjoyed for those who
never on the stream that was ridiculous
but Jake's peeing the bathroom I was
gonna have him say hey you come in oh
there yeah Jake you're coming out into
the closet okay he's gonna head out
confuse about surfing I don't know what
I have in store for today but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching this and I will
see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye not only are we streaming right
now we're playing but we added someone
to the feed see there's me and Jake and
then there's Rob at Romans playing - I
don't know where he is but see we got
you got Skype going on here and his feed
is going straight into here yeah see
this is why we have the green screen so
we could take it away over here
