hey guys it's a new day today and I just
got my friend chip not too long ago take
your shower feel good i streamed yes
last night for my second time and
afterward I checked the the stream stats
and we had over 2800 people watching the
stream yesterday
that is crazy second night it's exciting
and so now I'm like totally into it I
actually want to go like get like a
screen so I could do it all at my desk
over there and then put like a green
screen so I could take that out and be
like total gaming without it you guys
watched twitch TV any of the other
channels you know time but this Jake is
trying out battlefield hardline for the
first time he are you dying but he's
actually doing well I mean I suck at it
so hey but it's all fun so we're playing
that but I'm hungry so we're gonna get
time to eat in just a couple minutes we
went got lunch and afterward I decided
update my gaming space a little bit when
stead of using the the TV that's over by
the couch because I want to be it was
kind of hard for streaming I just set up
tables and stuff like that you guys know
that I have my computer system here the
three computer system by the way I'm
digital is Alex my del productions it's
just the company I go under but uh so I
have my three computers here but now I
just added a 32 inch gaming monitor here
with the c920 HD webcam perfect for
streaming so now we could sit right here
game here stream here streaming gaming
everything look at us look at us go to
be fully immersed yeah and we can even
put like a green screen thing behind us
I can cut that out
oh we are just we're doing this Rick and
have like decks go in your face yes
exactly exactly that's for but now we
are completely immersed into the game
this is the this is the way to do it
this is the way to do it so many screens
and everything and then just can watch
ps4 up there
so way to go we're streaming live right
now we got the camera going
Jake's played around they say in high
blood here all night there goes a blog
blog blog whoo blog height long height
yeah yeah that was sick because I rocket
oh I just gotta take some Rome and
Romans joining me on Twitch right now
we're gonna we're gonna race so this
should be pretty cool you guys are
checking it out we'll be doing this in
the future and you guys should follow me
on Twitch it's just twitch.tv slash Alex
my dad you guys can check out the action
I hope I'm not talking too loud I'm
wearing headphones so I can't really
hear this is not only are we streaming
right now we're playing but we added
someone to the feed see there's me and
Jake and then there's Robert Romans
playing - I don't know where he is but
see we got got Skype going on here and
his feed is going straight into here
incoming groans oh yeah see this is
lobby of the green screen so we could
take it away over here Jake and I just
finished streaming with a stream for
hours it was so awesome having Romanov
thank you Roman for coming on doing that
it was a lot of fun we have to play
games together hang out and I could have
done without the whole Roman thing oh
yeah yeah he's just being bitter cuz
Roman at the end was like hey tell Jake
that he sucks asses that was it uh it
was over the head the earpiece so he was
just messing with Jake there's judgments
that's why you say that but um anyways I
just checked this one's NSA like Jake
hates Roman so we just checked the stats
at the end of the stream because it's my
third night streaming yesterday I was so
happy with over 2800 and I just checked
the stats of course a lot of it but most
of it is because of Roman came on and
hung out which is great but even still I
am shocked we streamed tonight for
twenty three thousand people twenty
three thousand seven hundred and sixty
people 23 thousand seven hundred and
sixty plays
thing that's that is crazy tired so much
gym clothes and your still your gym
clothes and we just we just performed
we just gamed for almost 24,000 people
that's pretty fun yeah this is crazy
stuff this is the fun time I actually
really like the her voice I thought like
I know it doesn't matter forget another
fun like I thought this was gonna last
like uh and I thought like I was gonna
like do this maybe like a couple times a
week or say that I've now done it three
days in a row because I keep just oh
let's go on let's go on it now we have
this whole cool setup here I'm having a
good time I just got back from the gym
not too long ago miss Riley my sister
made me a peanut butter banana on some
toast I already ate half of it that's
why it looks like that it looks like a
like I've like I've been half of it and
also we ordered some Phil's coffee so I
got my I got my coffee
that's for my let's I can get wired eat
my peanut butter banana so we'll be good
to go does it start this day okay guys
well I'm going to end it here I'm going
to take a shower so I can get ready
start off a new day a blog a new day
have a good time I do want to say that
don't worry just because I'm doing
twitch and streaming doesn't mean that
every vlog now is going to be about
streaming as just it's a new thing for
me so it's exciting and I'm showing you
new setups and everything like that
eventually it's I'm going to try to make
them completely separate kind of vlog
throughout the day maybe stream at night
stream during the day when I'm not
vlogging that section I don't know
either way you can follow me about
platforms and we could we could do that
I'm not going to flood your whole vlog
experience with hey I'm streaming right
now not going to happen but I do want to
thank you guys for for sticking around I
hope you enjoyed this vlog and I'll see
you again soon tomorrow good bye they're
all chatting you guys are on it so
you've been right yeah yeah so I'm on
twitch right now we've had so many
problems to get this set up with audio
with everything I didn't have a mic now
that everything is set up and perfect we
turned on my new ps4 and we realized
that it has to update for another for
like 50 minutes yeah for like 60 70
minutes it's now 49 minutes left
50 minutes so we didn't plan this I
didn't think this would happen
