hey guys it's a little windy up here so
I hope that the wind isn't I'm trying to
like cut the microphone right now nice
day out it's oh so beautiful here in
Santa Monica Harvey's having a good time
here with all the pillows and everything
right buddy right but he won't go oh
it's so windy uh but yeah I don't you
know nice today we'll see we'll see what
we got in store for us but right now I'm
just spent time with my little buddy and
I just took a really hot shower which is
very different for me I've never told
you guys but not that it's like
something like oh I should have told you
before but I don't do well in heat which
I live in LA but what I mean is like I
love it when it's kind of cool outside
like not super burning hot I'm sure it's
like a lot of people but i also like
cold showers just normally like not
freezing cold but like what you would
wash your hands and if you were washing
your hands and stupid hot water that's
how i like if not my face gets like my
face is burning up right now I just feel
so hot and uncomfortable after a hot
shower and most people feel good but
anyway I got some stuff in check this
out and I got this new controller here
and I got a my GTA 5 4 ps4 and the new
elgato game capture HD 60 so now we can
start streamin but i think by the time
you guys see this i may have already
stream once because i'm thinking about
streaming tonight with jake in them yeah
i still going to bring send that one
back
I'll send it back with it like a day or
two I think I hope but uh yeah so the
only thing I'm missing is a ps4
everything got delivered except fedex
you know I guys I always had problems
with the UPS before fedex got a new
driver in this area and the driver will
not page me on my building the same
problem i had with ups before so i gotta
go pick it up at their location and then
they call those i could pick it up right
and find my ID they go well your ID
needs to say your address and because i
haven't it doesn't say this headdress on
my ID so hopefully they let me pick it
up we'll see i'm just about to leave
fedex now I'm them right here fedex took
me like with traffic right now it took
me like 20 minutes to go about three and
a half miles three napped for miles
that's that's la for you but boom I got
it so it's time to head home and open
this bad boy up make sure it's all good
to go as I was leaving I got a call from
Jake and he's uh he's very close because
he's heading back from where's parents
house is a tinker I don't know where he
was but anyway he's heading back to this
area he's like I'm starving so I was
like well I happen to be cut blocks from
in and out so I mean that's an option
and that leads me to in and out so now I
met in and out ya gotta wait on him he
said it being about like 10 minutes and
then um maybe I'll just hang out and
tweet you guys for a little while while
i wait I've been like I've been pretty
active on twitter lately for those you
that have been on it you know that
because I don't know what's been I just
been loving twitter lately it's that
Alex might know by the way because I
know people are gonna be like what is it
if I don't say it so it's a talisman oh
but anyway i'm waiting on him and then
we'll go get ourselves some burgers cuz
i'm hungry
we got we just got our food Jake is
looking on Slav because he went to
business interviews meetings what
meetings meetings yes but we got our
tasty burgers Moo buddy this is what
makes us a miracle Westside Americans
fat not really the east coast but it's
amazing it's worth it yeah fly over here
from anywhere in the world and just get
yourself a double-double animal style
yeah you guys want to see something sexy
something something to get excited about
check out what I got on my counter right
now boom I got a whole set up yeah we're
good to go some GTA 2 star wars
battlefields of destiny you know just
just just the startup essentials but you
know let me know what else you want me
to add I know some people are like you
should get fifa but i'm gonna suck so
bad on but you know let me know what
your favorites are and we'll get him but
i'm just excited to have it oh right it
I'm trying my very first stream right
now on on twitch and if you guys don't
follow me on to it you should it's just
twitch.tv / Alex Mandel I'm having so
many problems i'm sitting here with Jake
so good and I'm also sitting here with
my friends here there there on the
chatting they're all chatting you guys
are on it so you better right yeah yeah
so I'm on twitch right now we've had so
many problems to get this set up with
audio with everything I didn't have a
mic now that everything is set up and
perfect we turned on my new ps4 and we
realized that it has to update for
another for like 50 minutes yeah for
like 60 70 minutes it's now 49 minutes
left 50 minutes so we didn't plan this I
didn't think this would happen but it
did so I kind of screwing up my very
first street but that's what it that's
why it's my first one because I'll get
better and better each time but you guys
should come and join the join the fun
next time I do this you guys can
hang out with me too because right now
we're just doing a full screen webcam
chat until this is loaded and then we'll
have ourselves a good time we finally
got all of this setup we are streaming
everything is good to go Jake's playing
playing destiny right now we've never
played this game before so we're getting
into right now if Jake dies at all then
I I drink more whiskey so I'm gonna
probably get a drunk because not because
you suck because it's your first time
Harvey's just going to sleep over there
and uh yeah here I'm gonna I'm gonna
show the chat see you guys say here's
I'm vlogging yeah it's a little delayed
so whats up youtube i see that youtube
user so yeah if you guys want to be
parties chats i'm gonna do these more
often i'm have actually having a lot of
fun doing this so if you guys want to be
part of it just make sure to follow me
on twitch TV / Alex Mandel come hang out
with us ok guys well that's all I got
for you for today I hope that you guys
enjoyed if you weren't checking out the
stream on Twitch let me go check that
out cuz I'll be doing that more often so
that's where we're to leave you guys
that's so going to lead it off right now
yeah nothing else so thanks for watching
see you guys later goodbye as far as I
I haven't been in the pool and over a
year and a half you know that yeah I
know it's pretty I just we don't have a
pool at the apartment so the pool is
like are not quite I know the fool is
like 85 degrees it's super nice in this
jacuzzi is really hard yeah hot hot
super hot and the ceviche was good i
never said that to you guys it was you
know it was really good it was really
good did you make it yourself it was
very good yeah so I don't know what
we're gonna do now
