hey guys it's a new day today I'm here
with my boy Richard James - t-shirt and
we have a fun day ahead of us because
I'm really excited what we're about to
do it's probably the title thumb that
everything regardless we're starting off
our day we're gonna have a good time
let's let's just do this got a lot
looked up at this point you guys know
I'm getting I'm getting a bike but I've
never I've never drove a bike never
ridden one and I still want one I want
to learn on my own so I'm not I have to
drive like an hour and a half to go get
it I'm not about to try to learn how to
ride and I would have an ally trapped to
come back so instead I'm getting a
trailer so that I can bring it back to
an area I know we can learn around here
yeah there's so much cool stuff oh look
at these whoa what am i doing getting
the bike I can get one of these damn
yeah maybe if I lived with like Roman or
Matt lived I get that then these things
are so thick
ooh
our facilities
so I should service it here for sure oh
yeah you have like ha ha very cool very
cool
Japanese bike
I like a car yeah I can see handlebars
back there I know what little handlebars
are for and you guys going to be it in
there in a few in a little bit but first
we're stopping to get that wrong way
perfect in and out you probably get to
eat please so hungry before I show you
guys the bike I just want to say thank
you so much to audible for sponsoring
this vlog if you guys haven't checked
out audible I highly suggest it you guys
know that I don't recommend things that
I wouldn't use myself and don't believe
myself and I have tried to pick up so
many books in my life and I start to
read a few pages and I can't I just
can't do that but you know what I can do
is I could listen to a book and that's
exactly what Ottawa liz is they have
audiobooks you've probably seen Roman
talk about audible you've seen Matt from
demolition ranch talk about audible and
that's because it's just more
entertaining and sometimes easier when
you could listen to the book I'm
actually currently listening to an
audiobook from audible.com a motorcycle
heavy but it's actually not really about
motorcycles it's more about life it's a
philosophy book and my trainer is the
one that recommended to me I had never
heard of it did more research on it and
it's just so cool it's kind of written
like an autobiography and it's a father
and son who are on this motorcycle trip
across the west but it's all these like
life just such real life issues that you
could relate to change your way of
thinking and to give you guys an example
how cool it is I mean this guy tried to
get this book published a hundred and
twenty-one times got to denies finally
someone published it in 1974 and it
became one of the top-selling philosophy
books of all time and it is just I
highly recommend at least look it up
super super cool but it did it did even
though it's not super about motorcycles
it was a huge reason why I was like you
know I'm just going to go out I want one
I'm just gonna go get one I
I kinda it was a huge inspiration I
wanted for a while but the huge
inspiration from this book or even just
a road trip it kind of just gets you to
go out there and think and one of my
favorite quotes from the book is
sometimes it's a little better to travel
than to arrive I love that I love that
so I highly recommend it if you guys go
sign up with my audible link you get a
30-day free trial so you guys can just
go to audible.com slash Alex Mandel so
go to audible.com slash Alex and I'll
get you 30-day free trial and I highly
recommend please check out this book it
is mind blowing I love it I love it I
love it then and the art of motorcycle
maintenance by Robert Percy you guys get
to see what I picked for the very first
time this is my new baby this is the
Honda Shadow Phantom it's a 2015 but I
love it love it love it look at this
I don't have all my protective gear or
anything like that so I can't really try
to drive it right the second but I want
you guys to hear this thing it's called
freakin sexy
oh my god I love it this is currently my
new favorite site this my baby my jeep
right next to my new baby my bike look
at these they just go hand in hand of
course it's the all black theme because
that's exactly how I am I'm all black
Alex but this is exciting I know that
you guys want to see me ride this and I
know I want to ride it but the Sun is
going down I only have my permit right
now and in California if you have your
permit you cannot take passengers you
cannot go on the freeway and you can't
drive at night so I'm gonna have to hold
off till tomorrow I did pick up my
helmet that I have out of my parents
house so we'll be good to go and you
guys will get some some riding soon but
I wanted you guys to breezes will be I
am so excited I like not even going to
be able to sleep because I know I get to
ride this thing I'm really sorry mom and
dad I know you didn't want this but you
know I'll be safe
anyways guys that is all I got for you
for today I really hope you guys enjoyed
watching uh we're definitely gonna do
some some bike long so very very cool
very excited ah yeah and that's we're
going to leave you yet so go please go
check out that book okay
I'm serious and I will see you guys
again soon goodbye why not you are not
getting one you got that give that back
yeah it's like no no no no no no no no
no nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope nope no nothing
