hey guys it's a new day mother's here
with my niece Abby say hi say hi say
hello yes she's finally awake
my sister Jackie and brother-in-law Alex
this this is their creation weird
science my creation what if she's like
why go out there almost there
Oh was there I'm trying to make her
smile it's really hard
hi hi hi hi Wow Wow mr. dad hey watch
this watch this project make her smile
here we are going to set him on a
seafood right now I love this place
they've never been so I'm taking I'm
Riley
but you guys know how much I love food
anyway Abbi is uh she's not super happy
at the moment she keeps having a little
bit of crying fit so whenever she does
that Alex puts on her favorite type of
music to calm her down
it's where have you know the worst
so actually the funny part about it is
is the honestly going through the
concert down hip-hop whatever works hey
Harvey do you know what time it is do
you know what time it is it's mail time
why you guys got a package yeah and what
take my keys put it here
one headed it's working it's working
it's just not super fast do this
one-handed okay there's one side take it
side there we go there we go what I get
what I get outta here
I got a game capture card yeah I got the
algata HD so busy you don't know
business it's a game capture card so I
can or or system so I can now broadcast
gaming does that mean I'm gonna make a
gaming channel on YouTube well I have to
announce that but I do have a twitch
account so and I've never broadcasting
the game ever on it it's just Alex
Mandel on there but I think I think I'm
gonna start at least on twitch and we'll
see what happens and see how you like it
oh maybe we'll go to the gaming channel
as well that could be like me some fun
stuff could be gonna be fun
but I'm happy with this now some people
already if you follow me on Twitter you
already knew I was going to get one of
those but some people are like you
should get the HD 60 not just the
regular one present
60 frames in 1080 and not just 30 the
thing is is the new one is pretty you
have to buy like extra cables and
adapters if you want to put old systems
on it and I liked my old system so I was
like this one not only does the new one
like it says perfect for next generation
Xbox one and ps4 and Wii U but the older
ones as well so I figured this was a
better all-around for me I don't need to
do 60 frames and 1080 I could do 30 or
whatever so yeah I'm excited for that I
guess I guess they'll follow me on
Twitch I've never said that before I'm
following up to it I don't know let me
know what you think about possibly
because here's the thing it might be fun
for me to incorporate like my friends
and I even off the blog we play games a
lot and we always do like okay if you do
if you die you gotta take shots so it
might be fun to do sort of like a
drunken gaming type of thing like cuz
that's what we do anyway I'm not gonna
I'm not changing I'm not doing something
I don't already do this is something but
now I guess you guys can watch that way
you know even if I somedays if I'm like
you know I just didn't have time flying
I couldn't vlog right don't have a lot
of you to sign
let's go on Twitch we'll play live and
we'll do this and we can you know at
least I can always engage with you guys
and I think this should be fun but let
me know what you think in the comments
we just finished dinner look who's here
mr. brandy and Miss hit they haven't
seen you in a long time
oh do you I miss them so much the HP
yeah your what your breasts ease yeah my
boyfriend okay yeah being bred a totally
sleeper together tonight I'm just
kidding
just me and Hannah but anyway so what
just I was just with you
is he inside the store oh there's a guy
there's a guy on a bike that's been
riding around here and he's wearing like
an evil like devil mask
it's like an evil evil clown it's like
all bloody and everything wearing like a
black and white clown suit riding a bike
going just like following behind people
really creepily
right now we've got some basil Hayden's
it's one of my favorite bourbon it's so
good got the ice spears in there this
one's for Brian and Brian take your
glass spool around just preference and
the thing is is I do that is one of the
most common ingredients to make any sort
of whiskey is water because if you add a
little bit of water to whisky it opens
it up and has flavor now you shut polish
and chill it I just don't I don't do
well with one of alcohol it kind of
makes you feel where these ice cubes are
insane near the spheres yeah these are
awesome
I just want to lick it not add up oh oh
okay here Cheers
there's one like II don't know yeah well
enjoy it don't think it's it don't you
think
did you do something turn no swear I
didn't but that would be a really good
harmony YouTube Wow it's good right it's
super smooth doesn't even taste like a
regular permit no it has like a natural
good the basil Hayden's is really good
bourbon so definitely one of my favorite
check it out so we're here at the
Victorian having a drink decided to join
us paying attention are you not paying
attention to me
I just want attention yeah it's max join
us Cheers yes are you sure
you might gameofthrones shirt baby what
I'm gonna watch you are watching what
have you been wasting your time doing
I'm gonna be annoyed by staring at a
wall doing nothing nothing of value
that's that's usually what I do I scare
walls and I hope that something
interesting happens and it never does
what I'm gonna watch it yeah I'll put
this hat jump move the string got it
careful everyone careful everyone we
have a big tough guy in the crowd he
just judges whatever we're back at my
place and Max and his friends came here
we chill while hung out on the roof they
just left don't throw that don't throw
that be throwing you're throwing
umbrellas at me yeah well Max's friends
has left and we've been chillin I got
even more bourbon oh really really
you're completely sober completely watch
me what this budget Boober watch people
go for no no I'm neighbours below me you
can't ride it right now it's like 3:00
in the morning did you not hear these
awesome yeah all the exhaust system our
game machines anyway I'm gonna continue
drinking but yes they just left
we're just chillin having a good time
Harvey is spent oh yeah oh what oh he
here's the green machine where are you
going
hey Harvey you completely went the wrong
way where you been trying to go right
now there you go there you go now you
found it hey oh wait he's going yeah I
got to tell something right now yeah all
right dear 18 yep there's pretty cool
things coming your way what I can't say
right now but if you look at Alex's
snapchat just know fun things are coming
because
we're here for you I'm here for Alex and
he said he's so brave I don't even know
what anyway we're just having a good
time drinking kind of in the night Jake
is at his place I told him I was like
you should come over and hang out after
party there just got tired so we're just
gonna you know chewing tobacco
no that is snout soother for Harveys
knows to use like chap notes you want
hey I got all that one more thing
oh yeah so every night that I come here
at about 3 o'clock in the morning she's
about five minutes I have two main holux
downstairs on his leash so he's back
later he squats he poops I pick it up
with the bag and he's all good yeah
brendan is super sober anyway guys
that's what we're doing right now okay
guys well its morning time oh hi Jake
you doing about last night anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed watching this vlog and
yeah that's that's all I have for you
so hey but we should start streaming
live on on Twitch and I have my twitch
legis is twitch TV slash Alex Mandel so
you should go follow that because hey
would you that's just one more place
that we can hang out with each other
so yeah I'm that note I'll see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye I'm at dinner now
my mom hello sister hello mom
we're at panini Cafe I just got beef
koobideh it's us like season one yeah no
you got lamb right you got chicken yeah
your plate looks very white this looks
full that looks full yours looks white
that's too much food well I like
