hello a team how's it going you can't
answer cos this is just a video but you
can't actually answer in the comments so
that's not true
well today is today and the weather
outside is weather so on that note today
it's gonna probably be a good today and
I'm gonna head over actually to to where
my parents houses I'm gonna be meeting
my mom over there and it's just here my
dad's out of town so we're gonna go meet
my mom keep her company and go get
dinner with her have some family time
over there so I'm about to leave over
there to get it over there or food or
whatever it's not that late so it's more
like lunchtime down but by the time like
we hang out over there and something
that it'll be dinner so that's where I'm
gonna go right now just got to my
parents house and as you can see no
toilet paper
it was completely cleaned off by the
next day it took us a long time to do
anything with it
I'm sure that if I look like in those
plants or something or in those I might
find like little pieces see if I could
find any little piece of it no I don't
see anything
nope I think it's pretty spotless oh
wait a second
I found a piece oh they're still live
huh
whatever I probably still find pieces
like that all the time
well it looks amazing I mean there's
there's most of it gone I found this but
that's okay whatever it's just one piece
or two cuz I left one in there I'm at
dinner now mister my mom hello sister
hello mom
Brett nini cafe I just got beef koobideh
it's us like season one yeah no you got
lamb right you got chicken yeah your
plate looks very white
this looks full that looks full yours
looks white that's too much food
hey Coco hi hi hi hey hey hey hey hey
hey girl and you a toy around your neck
look she's enjoying it are you enjoying
that Lola what what are you going you
wanna bring a toy to you don't bring a
toy Coco's crazy
where's Mei see there's may see a little
Maisie Maisie hello Maisie she's a very
sweet one yeah she's still kind of sad
hey girl
good night mother good night start I
will it's time for me to what I will say
hi to Harvey Harvey is I will I'm not
gonna like Harvey and he's stinky okay
I'm gonna go goodbye mom love you time
to go back home to Santa Monica and know
what's going on but the time to go home
hey hey hey
hey you said I wasn't gone for that long
baby I wasn't going for that long
how are you gone for that long yeah oh
yeah buddy are you gonna fall you're
gonna fall you are falling you are
falling
you are falling over okay come on
Billy - go eat your dinner buddy go eat
up with mr. Brannon are you trying to
model right now are you shaking okay
we're going to lunch for lunch we're
gonna go to Betty Hana that's coming up
right here Benihana I don't even know if
it's okay is it open
it should be be flexing it oh yeah so we
get lunch now buddy
just got back to my place the guy didn't
do like any tricks or anything with the
food so I didn't an involvement with
wasn't that interesting he was just
cooking us food but um Harvey you
excited to see Brandon yeah well I'll
come around and I was leaving whoo shake
it off shake it shake it shake it shake
it he wants you to pet his head Oh get
my 5 boom there you go okay guys well
I'm gonna end it here cuz I got a shower
and get ready to vlog a new day and have
a new time haha oh oh I'll see you
tomorrow
oh I will see you tomorrow see you guys
tomorrow I wouldn't you deceive each
other than watching
mmm one Sunday
yeah cuz then it comes up the next yeah
yeah okay what what they're gonna see
them tomorrow do because this is no wait
no I don't know anyway guys I'm gonna
end it here so I will see you guys again
tomorrow
you like mine made like soft-serve
noodle Dooku's oh no you want me to take
this here
let's try a little bit
Oh too much too much too much mm-hmm
there we go
my fingers stuck
set this here so doesn't I Pat go away
there we go
now that is some good-ass saucer
