hey guys it's st. Patrick's Day and
guess what
I'm not wearing doing Jake is wearing
green that's green hey green I'm not I
don't own anything green as he is now I
wear usually black I've decided to wear
some sort of color but that still
doesn't it doesn't work black on black
is better than this you don't like this
nope it's not we're not celebrating yet
Jake I'm out it's out what pick one pick
shit anyway we're going to to Vaughn's
to get stuff because we're actually
gonna make ice cream we're gonna make
Bailey's ice cream with this soft-serve
maker thing whatever it is uh uh anyway
we're gonna make ice cream with it
because that sounds like a good plan and
then Jake brought some Irish whiskey
over scintilla more do this is huge look
at my hand makes this bottle this is
gigantic it is a handle and yeah but
we're the only ones that can't handle
over here on the East Coast they don't
even call it a handle 1.75 liters I
don't I guess so so 1.75 liters I'm not
like I'm telling you they even and one
of the bottles they call like a two six
or something I don't know I don't know
what that is
anyway just differently go for
everything we call that size a handle
but we're gonna head over to bottom to
get some stuff for st. Patrick's Day
celebrations we are back now and little
shot glass that wasn't refills Jake had
to steal it from one of the displays and
normally I wouldn't say on my vlog we
stole something but the lady at the
counter was like I was like can I buy
this you guys I'm surprised you didn't
just take it just take it
oh okay so I took it and now rockin some
green for her st. Patrick's I excuse me
Jake try to put that together I'm gonna
start making the mix I got Bailey's here
and so with that but let's uh I gotta
add a cup and a half oh yeah baby of
heavy cream oh no I can't even can't see
where's the half in there clear yourself
of evil I don't
there we go it's on the side it's on the
side I can just do like that that works
and 1/2 1/2 cups of cream yes son
now we gotta add 1/2 cup of whole milk
now we have to add 4 large egg yolks now
that we got the whole milk and the cream
mixed the other so we take an egg and
this is the way I like to separate I
have an egg separator but it always
destroys it and breaks the yoke so if I
just take this put it there on the plate
then I could use a special system that
you guys have seen before uncooked to
remove the yolk so you just do this you
just grab a water bottle hopefully it's
a little less flimsy than this one I
have this dense with everything but you
just squeeze it like this and you got to
figure this scooping motion
as you let go so you hold it here onto
the yolk you release it so it sucks it
in and then oh you don't want any of
that there we go
so now I just have the yolk in here and
that's all I want so I'll put that into
here you get a squeeze it out again and
I need four of those so I'm gonna get
four egg yolks right now now we take the
four egg yolks put them into there
that's cool
they could like write with it sorry I'm
I'm easily amused clearly now while Jake
doesn't help at all I'm gonna add in 3/4
of a cup of sugar so that's 1/2 this is
1/4 that makes three quarters and it
says plus two tablespoons more sugar so
3/4 plus two tablespoons there we go
it's a lot of sugar but hey it's ice
cream right you that's what you gotta
expect and that's the lower end there's
like it says do that or you can add like
up to a cup of sugar but even in the
notes of recommend starting with this I
was like I don't need that much I did
almost forget the most important reading
no you're not gonna help now that you
just want to pour you stupid bartender
get the get back over there this is like
fine fine no go for it go for it I slave
over a hot stove for hours well you just
said watch all your football games and
drink your beers no sets tonight Jake no
sex
I still don't make you a sandwich I'm
making ice cream make you ice cream
you can put this with your own no it's
two tablespoons of Bailey's but two
tablespoons is also an ounce so I'm
gonna add an ounce of Baileys right now
to make sure so
there you go and then we'll miss a
little mitt mitt wit whisk will whisk
this up well I don't want it to add too
much it's a problem when you're making
ice cream is that it has to freeze so
when you're putting liquor liquor
prevents it from freezing so I don't
want to add I mean I just for the hell
of it like there
splashmore whatever hopefully it will
still freeze up it barely added anything
wrong but whatever we do want to taste
like Bailey's and there's gonna be more
Bailey's added later on in the process
but right now that's all we add before
we go now we've transferred it to a 3
quart saucepan right here and we what my
blog can I finish blogging Jake we're
making it in a 3 quart saucepan and you
need to stir in figure 8 motions
throughout the cooking process so that
the egg that's in the mixture doesn't
cook and become a solid because that
makes your ice cream bad so you do this
and you bring it up to about 185 degrees
but I'm not a human thermometer nor do I
own one so I'm just going to make sure
to bring this up to a point before it
boils because if it boils you are in
trouble so let's just bring this up
while we do our stirs regular stirs in
figure 8 motions to make sure everything
is a-okay so now it's steaming I've
taken it off the heat and we're gonna
add it to this this bowl here let me
just Jake gonna hold the bowl so it
doesn't flip because I yeah
yeah
have that and then you're gonna place it
in an ice bath so it can cool down to at
least bring temperature yeah so we got
to let that cool but while we let it
cool is now we add the remaining
Bailey's and the vanilla extract okay
and then we have to add two teaspoons of
vanilla extract
and that's to just let me set this right
here I took this mixing we're gonna mix
this up now
so now once that cools down to room
temperature we're gonna put it in the
refrigerator so then it can chill for
about two hours because it's got to get
cold and the reason being is the way the
ice cream maker works it has a frozen
component in it that has been freezing
overnight and if you put in warm mix
it'll defrost that frozen component
before it could freeze the mixtures so
we have to bring that down to at least
chilled and then pour it in and then
it'll take only about 20-30 minutes to
make its officer so we'll just have to
cool it down that will make some ice
cream later on to get even more into the
st. Patrick's Day Irish spirit we've got
some Guinness beer but this isn't for me
to take sips on no that's a cup of brown
sugar in there and we're gonna add 12
ounces or one Guinness to here
and now we're going to stir this up and
we're gonna bring it to a low boil and
we're gonna let it boil as we stir
occasionally until it reduces down to
like three quarters of a cup rezaian
till it's like really thick like a syrup
because this is gonna be a Bailey I mean
a sorry a Guinness syrup to put over the
Bailey's ice cream yeah awesome
huh yeah first Irish whiskey of the
night
is it night it is night cool Jake cheers
guys
oh there's two over here Cheers
happy st. Patty's Day to all who gives
you didn't know that whiskey I just
found out ok guys what you can't take
Harvard buggalo come where he wants to
yeah so they're gonna head out so this
is Alex saying that he's an old man and
wants to go to sleep so I do want to I
don't I don't feel like going out to the
first night it's Tina yak st. Patrick's
Day I was gonna like have you know we
have funny here we ate here we actually
ordered pizza I didn't show you that but
we did and no you had a good night
they're gonna go continue at the bar I
just I'm retired
and Brandon's here hanging out how does
how does that shirt taste washed Alison
water cool here let me hold Harvey back
Harvey Harvey come here come here buddy
give me buddy
Kimmy Kimmy we'll hang out here we'll
hang out here we'll hang out here
sweetheart
yep yeah
hi we can stay here and hang out we got
to say Patrick's Day going out for us
since everything kind of just like split
up last night I figured I can't just
like go without at least making the ice
cream I'm vlogging here I'm jiggling
over here you are snapping snapping
turtle anyway so we're gonna make that
we're gonna finish off the ice cube now
and enjoy it tonight
the next night and that's uh we're gonna
do right now so we got to pull it out
the ice cream is nice and chilled
because we put it in the refrigerator
it's over here yeah oh yeah I almost
just dropped it and look how where did
it go
here this
this is like oh my god super syrupy this
Guiness syrup yeah we'll leave that
matter super syrupy Guinness and yeah
let's make this ice cream I just pulled
this freezer roll it's frozen this is
ice out of the freezer and now all we do
is we pour this into there right and
then top that in here and we'll turn it
on shake you want to you want to pour
this in can you pour this in no hurry
this is this is gonna melt so you're
just here to fill this is why you
brought me over to second floor okay
fine they don't have ice cream
that's like turn it kind of quick yeah
yeah everything I think so yeah oh yeah
cuz it's supposed to be like half filled
it's that's pretty much half filled in
there whatever maybe a little more it's
okay okay you put that the same okay now
well we will worry does this go here yep
and then we turn it on
that'll do that and now at about 20
minutes 20 to 30 minutes we will have
soft-serve ice cream it's getting pretty
thick it looks it when ice try to stick
a spoon in real quick
that looks pretty good right there
right it's not it's not focusing anyway
let's let's taste this
it tastes like I'm gonna die it's really
sugar you think already it looks soft
sir look it's like sticky on the top of
the thing I think it was good it's stuck
on the spoon the sauce is good it's in
there Jake you want to pour some in a
bolt just like try a little bit in the
bowl but you got it this it doesn't go
up by spring you got to push it back up
so don't yeah it's like softer that's
still pretty liquidy is it
the audience more time but how's it
taste you can say it is F and amazing
yes I do what do I know I don't go for
it they called you liquidy bottom Luke
you want to get your serving first since
you're not wearing underwear in fact
okay this isn't spring loaded so you got
to pick it up or else it'll just stay
serving you put it underneath the thing
oh you can let it fall all the way if
you want
I don't know it's very liquidy
no it's just the bottom part I think
it's actually hold it up so doesn't have
to fall so much
it might be super liquidy no now it's
coming out
there we go
looks pretty good I'm gonna eat it do
you want some syrup on it mine made like
soft-serve noodle Dooku's both you want
me to take this
let's try a little bit
Oh too much too much too much mmm there
we go
my fingers stuck
set this here so it doesn't I pat go
away there we go
now that is some good ass shot sir hmm
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today and I realized that kind of
turned into a food vlog again and that
wasn't even my intention no the ice
cream thing was kind of like a last
minute thing and we were just gonna
drink all day for Saint Patrick's Day
but hey maybe it's better I didn't drink
all day so hope you guys enjoyed
watching anyway and I'm gonna end it
here and start of a new vlog so you have
slate for tomorrow so I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye okay see you
stick it in like that you just twist it
there's gonna be a lot of comments on
what you do I'm just making veggetti
spaghetti I didn't know it looked like
oh no no that looks fine and the skin is
healthy too you think that yeah you
might want to like cut it halfway and so
you don't get like one long strand of
the Gennie's do you look kid you like
just cut it while you eat it like a
noodles you can
