sit have five no have five watch thanks
but that's good start to the day have
fire from your little puppy well I just
say big puppy you're a big puppy you're
big boy
thanks for that high-five buddy I don't
know what's going on today but today's
Monday for those of you that have the
case of the Mondays I hope it's a good
case of the Mondays and that would mean
that you're enjoying yourself and yes as
you should for those of you that aren't
well I hope that at least you'll have a
a productive day I don't know what's
gonna go on today but I just start off
the day right I'm happy I'm healthy so
everything's good
and oh we'll see we'll see what's going
on I just realized that I gotta stop
talking you guys about the day because
this goes up the next day so when I say
I hope you're having a good Monday I
mean I hope you had a good Monday
yesterday cuz this is going up on a
Tuesday Harvey's going up on a Tuesday I
don't know what he's doing he's just he
wants he wants cuddle time yeah what do
you want me to do you know me do you
want me to pay you so you get slobber on
my face okay you want to lick my
anyway yeah so I hope you had a good day
yesterday is what I should be saying
Harvey Oh give me kisses I drove over to
meet up with one of my longtime friends
like childhood friends you guys have
seen her before and she helped us throw
toilet paper my friend Kimmy who also
works in my dad's office I've known her
even before my younger sister was born
like since I was really young but I'm
meeting up with her now we're gonna go
into the grocery store see if we can
find sign to eat I'm really hungry I
realized that you guys aren't even
saying like how come over every vlog is
food I'm single so I hang out and I and
I eat but tomorrow or today for you guys
is st. Patrick's Day so that expect a
vlog tomorrow that will be way more
interesting I don't know what we're
gonna end up doing I know we're just
going to find something to do tonight
but yeah so that's that's that's what's
going on right now we'll see what
happens we decided to go for something
healthy so we got two green squash two
yellow and Tim you ordered this thing on
Amazon is it what is it called a vagina
jetty and apparently you you like you
turn like zucchini or any kind of
vegetable in this thing and turns it
into vegetable spaghetti make you like
saute it and then put it in with a with
whatever sauce you want and I'm turning
to help you a little bit unhealthy am I
getting basil pesto alfredo but it
sounded amazing so why not so we're
gonna we're gonna start turning it in
the magic badge and Eddie Magendie
veggetti is so hard okay well that's all
we're gonna do okay so you stick it in
like that you just twist it there's
gonna be a lot of comments on what you
do I'm just making the jetties to get
I didn't know it looked like that sorry
I know that looks like and the skin is
healthy - you think that yeah you might
want to like cut it halfway and so you
don't get like one long strand of the
Jenny's look at you like just cut it
while you eat it like a noodles yeah and
then when it gets too short you take
this if spike thing stick it in and then
you finish it up now it just looks like
you're putting like pepper in something
yeah exactly a good arm workout there's
this is so much work for something so
healthy 4,000 really just finished all
of this a big pile of green and yellow
veggetti you guys I got it right and
we're heating up some olive oil because
it looks like a lot I just moved a
little bit around the whole pan so it's
coated but we're gonna heat that up and
then if you use like vegetable and
spaghetti you got to sautee it first
before you add the sauce and cook it so
it becomes a better texture rather than
just super crunchy vegetables but just a
fun tip when you're heating oil the way
you know it's at the right temperature
is you take some water just put it your
fingers watch it and if it sizzles then
it's the right temperature but this is
also the fact that there's so much you
could also tell if it's too hot so I'm
not gonna put it down to medium because
it's a lot
now you just saute it a little bit
now you don't want to brown it or
anything like that then then it becomes
too much you want to keep it at the same
color it just it actually softens the
rule when you do this and then then you
can add the sauce that'll bring it back
down in temperature and then you can
cook it up again like pasta and then you
serve it that's what we're doing you'll
know what it's getting soft enough cuz
it starts to bunch up like noodles
rather than be all expanded like Kirby's
vegetables like here see it's all like
looks like noodles now and just in am
excited cuz I'm hungry and it's better
than that try to eat this healthy stuff
and as you've seen in many vlogs I had
done so so there's the final product it
actually we took this big bowl because
we thought it would be really big and
then as I said it gets softer it down
like noodles and kind of shrank down so
it we thought it would be like this tall
and it's not but now we're just gonna
take a little bit of Parmesan and
sprinkle it over the top well that's why
it's healthy kind of yes healthy ish
healthy kinda I like eating healthy
kinda kinda but it's healthier than what
you have seen me so we're it's progress
guys okay let's see
okay it's not spaghetti like real
spaghetti but it tastes okay I can live
with this it's good yeah I I approve
hello
getting surprised eyes you are sniff
she's comfortable right where she is
where'd he go where'd he go
oh here you are hello
that's Bentley or bent what this is you
guys remember we were here last over the
party check out this view with the
jacuzzi pool that's like the whole San
Fernando Valley crazy very nice okay
well I'm back at my place now and
enjoyed myself I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching tomorrow a st.
Patrick's Day so I'm trying to to
mentally prepare myself mentally and
physically yeah
anyway that's we'll see what the vlog
looks like tomorrow but I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today
I do enjoy vlogging for you guys you
guys are always so amazing everything I
do read your comments even the haters
even the lovers the supporters the and
the weird ones who make weird comments I
enjoyed those too like the ones about
Kevin and all those stuff it's all fun
it keeps everything interesting keeps
life interesting I hope I keep things
interesting for you and thank you again
for everything and you guys are amazing
and on that note I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
Roman just texted me it's so late where
he is and he was like and it just hit
number one most popular video right now
on youtube what what that is like it's
it's not even on my channel and I'm
excited like it's my own video just
because it was such a one because Roman
deserves it he's great guy great friend
and to just because to be a part of
something that was that big is cool so
this is awesome
