hey guys i am out with all of us I've
said this morning we are we actually
getting a sushi for brunch yeah
interesting but there's nothing wrong
with that because I love so she took me
only thing you want to play smelt bad
sushi and it's but it's not that it's
good
oh it's dance right best and delicious
oh that makes sense so we just ordered
our food it's coming soon I'm so hungry
and yeah that's what we're doing good
start to the day yeah some of that you
got the same thing that's a spicy
tunable yeah I was good you have money
it's so good next round of our sushi you
got this that some for roles good spicy
tuna salad
I'm so excited I now that the the toilet
paper prank is up and you guys are
loving which is so great because it was
tough and it was so much more can you
guys remember I was like I'm sword I
can't move and Roman was sore and even
Brandon was everyone was so after doing
that it was just so it was it was a lot
of work to throw four thousand rolls now
I can tell you exactly what we would've
loved it it's a lot my back hurt my
shoulders my arms everything it was so
tiring we thought like like if you watch
it behind the scenes video out Romans
channel he's like yeah I think it's good
take us like two hours it took us two
and a half hours to unpack the toilet
paper to give you perspective and it was
absolutely ridiculous I'm oh my god it
was tough but I'm happy that it's over
and it's doing well online it's exciting
so that's great and this is just a good
sunday i just opened my twitter and i
saw was getting like so many messages in
and stuff like that about like oh what's
trending on twitter what stranger i was
like what why am i getting all these
messages i'm gonna go see what's
trending i was hoping that the insane
toilet paper prank was trending on in
the US but before I could take it off of
let's let's focus before I could take it
off of trending worldwide there is
insane toilet paper prank trending
worldwide wow that is incredible to have
that it's not even my prank it's on
Romans but just to be a part of
something that big and so so much fun
and said to put in so much work and to
see how much work he put it he worked
his ass off I know all week he's I put
this and this and this and it's so many
shots and so many things and he doesn't
have sound so happy for him and it's
just been so cool so i guess i have to
thank all of you guys for that because
you guys are the ones that make this
possible so thank you very much doing
that this is this is really cool i'm
probably talking your ear off right now
about this whole thing and you're
probably like okay we saw we're over it
but i'm just so excited here comes to
bees there it goes
there goes another one ha anyway who
Roman just text me it's so late where he
is and he was like and it just hit
number one most popular video right now
on YouTube what what that is like it's
it's not even on my channel and I'm
excited like it's my own video just
because it was such a one because Roman
deserves it he's great guy a great
friend and to just because to be a part
of something that is that big it's cool
so this is awesome I'm just sorry I'm
excited
you tired but
you tired I can't believe this weather I
just woke up not too long ago it's like
1030am so it's it's later it's not I I
slept in a good mouth I'm a happy on my
happy camper right now Harvey's happy
that it's a nice day he's out here
relaxing he wants he's about to go make
PB so I want to let him make peepee but
anyway yeah i don't i don't know what
what the plan is for today or what
what's going on but this is a good day
Harvey did you do this dude there's
pillow on the put on the plant and all
over the fire pit you decided to have a
good time you having a good time Harvey
you playing with all the furniture you
know it looks me like what you think I
you think I did this he walks away like
ya did this so what okay guys well I
don't want this blog to bend too far
into this a because then I won't have a
block for tomorrow so I'm gonna end in
here and I hope you guys enjoy it and I
really hope that you guys love that
prank just because I mean we hit number
one right so of course it's oh it's
still exciting but um I saw it on the
Today show this morning to which is yeah
that's all I got for you for today you
guys obviously kill it so much for Roman
and coming over from him to me to check
me out obviously that's how most you
found me was through him so yeah I mean
it's just it's just been a great crazy
fun ride and thank you for sticking
around but on that note I'm going to
start a new blog so that you have
something for tomorrow
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye you guys killed this Michael
will you help me
