hey guys today is the big day with
Romans prank the one that he pulled on
my dad now I can tell you you pulled it
on my dad that I helped with um I'm
actually surprised I helped with it
because he when he first told me about
the prank I was like I don't know if I
don't know I was like you may do it he
may laugh I was like but I may be the
one getting in trouble for allowing you
to do it but anyway I've been holding
back on this vlog footage because I've
been waiting for the prank to go up now
let the prank is up
check out pretty much my vlog from that
day here it is
we're at my place in my parents place
right now and I'm letting a Roman teepee
the whole thing while my dad is in New
York and he's come back today I feel
like I'm gonna get the most heat from it
even though he's doing the prank right
yeah he he gets this whole prank and I I
like he loves it I just feel bad and
Brandon you're gonna help us throw the
toilet paper no I just left good
bathroom and my house was out 12e no see
you just came to pick up a box yeah uh
right now actually it's really cool
again aerial shots with the drone if you
could it's there here it comes
I gotta get one of these this seems to
be the hardest part right now we're
unpacking everything in here and if
you're not okay I got a quick question
quick question when you can start
helping us whoa when did this turn into
attack alleys hey wait you this is the
first ones you are grabbing oh and I
wasn't I was about to say and they are
stacking all of that I'm just getting so
much crap all I'm saying is this is the
hardest part to unpack I'm not saying
this is the hardest I'm saying to get
everything ready to throw is the hardest
looks like that's the hardest part
that's all you're doing
watching ah burn wet your up this camera
I'm gonna go hit Rome and I'm not gonna
do it on camera cuz you guys get mad at
me what's the sunscreen for that burn
this is already ridiculous Oh
all of these goes all the way down and
even with all that it doesn't even look
like we touched the pile all right okay
I'm gonna get back to work now yeah
check this out we just finished all this
stuff Oh am i cool to get it never so
tired we have to throw no there's so
many toilet paper rolls oh my god I know
looks so good there's over 4,000 toilet
paper rolls
why does Roman have to always go
overboard that's just ridiculous this is
seriously getting so hard right now my
arm is killing me we've probably thrown
like less than 100 each we really need
to try to find more people it still it
looks good but there's so many rolls on
the floor this is this is really
difficult
uh.okay
Nelda retina but no oh she's running
with the tongue
it was stuck to it yes not always super
sight
you guys can kill this hey go will you
help me oh yeah a second we just
finished right now and it went
absolutely amazing you guys need to go
see the reaction on the actual video the
video will be in the link will be in the
description of so he go down there and
it's in there dad
do you enjoy it no it's a nice way for
dad to come home exhausted from AGT and
find this weekend that's first week but
look how comfortable welcome home
next time he's he's never gonna leave
town again how crazy is that make sure
you guys go check out the prank because
it is so epic and make sure you check
out it behind the scenes too because
there's so much in there that is fun to
watch and I wish could all be in the
prank video but obviously a lot of it's
gotta be behind the scenes so go check
that out it's all in his channel the
link is down below as I've said so yeah
let me know what you thought of the
prank in the comments below here cuz
this prank is I'm just excited that I
didn't get in more trouble than good
Sylla I mean my dad's a prank her so he
gets it he gets it
but on that note I will see you guys
again tomorrow good bye
down to the Venice Boardwalk it's really
loud and we're getting on your plan to
eat we're sweaty men we're gonna get
something to eat because we're hungry
time for some lunch time
