hey guys it's another super nice day
here in LA on Santa Monica i'm walking
over to jake's place now just Park
Corner but i'm walking over going to
meet up with him i think we're gonna
grab citing eat the beach I don't know
what we're doing but it's super nice day
it's the weekend it's time to have have
a good time you guys are so crazy right
now so much energy and she can't even
handle it great a party yeah you ready
to party yeah so my gradient pull
someone over in this class I am ready to
pull someone over i'm pretty cool
someone else my friends registration
boardwalk it's really loud and we're
getting on your planet bed we're gonna
get something to eat we're hungry for
some lunch time
you stopped off to get some food check
out this you had spicy tuna one right
yeah so that's the same one as mine I
forgot to vlog mine before i was almost
done you got the wasabi one yeah good so
good how can follow I needed this
because I was so hungry I was hungry oh
your wake damn it damn it ah you're just
sleeping he's gonna smack him we've been
great america
it wasn't that hard it wasn't that hard
it just so it just sounded good ever so
fun ones we starting off the night right
got some whiskey in here that's why we
risky Irish whiskey some tin of all do
we're just gonna start drinking to get
our night started cuz we should that's
what we're doing right see alcohol face
say yes Lou yes okay yes like I was like
why is he oh my a myself knowing about
to head out we're gonna head over to
Victoria non-mainstream lot because
that's usually like if we're gonna go to
main street that's our go-to is the
Victoria it's like the first place
closest to where we are and it's usually
a place where we stay if it's good let's
play the whole night it's not we'll go
from bar to bar to bar because that's
what happened creeping Harvey yeah yeah
we can hey hey we can't take my boy
Harvey could come however you rock it at
the club then maybe I'd actually like
vodka bar yeah then maybe I'd actually
bring some ladies huh dik heart this is
my dog but we can head out and I think
right now Harvey you're not coming with
I gotta put you I gotta put you in your
room buddy I know it's late it's time
for you to go to bed Oh time for you to
go SID we're off we went out we end up
going out to the bars nothing that
needed to be blogs but we did bring a
couple girls back obviously they're not
staying so we didn't do that well but we
met new people and it was was fun and we
had a good time right we need a good
time tonight hey we a good time tonight
right now we got a good oh yeah I slam
man oh what for what we're really sorry
for watching stars yet how are you
thinking time right he's following the
girls loved Harvey they were like oh my
god they were nuts Harvey's like my my
my vagina natus should be a challenge
clearly not that well though there's
like a hole in it because they left but
anyway at least there's not a hole in
the condom right cuz that would be way
worse my comes to nosy people don't have
my holiday I'm really happy that they're
not gonna be watching this and if they
do I I am sincerely sorry for uh for
phils actions yeah anyway you're gonna
shoot one what what anyway so I'm an
edit here because this this whole blog I
did today because Suffolk camera because
tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna upload this
I'm up when you guys see this on my
windows right now because tomorrow's
vlog is going to be just suck my vlog of
when I was vlogging last week while we
were shooting the epic prank with Roman
which is I finally got like my my sake
peek at it Roman sent me like a private
just to check it out you just edited it
okay and it's so insane so I think I
can't wait for you guys see it so cool
so on that note I will see you guys
again tomorrow and you guys to see the
prank and I'm so excited so that's it
good life I'm sorry if it's windy but uh
okay this krista us we're gonna go oh
well yeah sorry i'm blocking this
because i don't want the wind to make it
so you can't hear me at all we're gonna
go get something to eat right now
