hey guys it's another great day here in
Senegal Williams and I'm heading right
now I'm on PCH driving next to the ocean
to go meet up with some friends over
Paradise Cove which is a beach it's also
got a restaurant on it and it's like the
only beach in the area that you're able
to actually drink on the sand like you
can buy beers and go hang out and chill
and relax and so that's what I think
we're gonna do see them right next to
right next to the ocean it's always the
best ride even if you're stuck in
traffic it's I mean it's always sucks
this would be stuck to traffic but at
least you have the best view ever stuck
in traffic so I'm heading there right
now gonna meet up with them in a few and
then just relax I guess that's that's my
plan right now
just getting here right now
and pull-up sorry my lens doesn't always
open or the lens cover
I'm just getting here now I'm just gonna
walk down to I'm ready for simple food
my friends literally just texted me as
I'm walking down I see them they said
we're hungry but we don't want to eat
here let's go elsewhere
so I'm puck you down to go meet them and
then we're gonna go walk back up and go
somewhere else
I feel like this always happens to me
yeah sorry I'm blocking this that I want
the wind to make it so you can't hear me
at all
we're gonna go get something to D right
now we're a place called duck dive mouch
I used to come here a lot because I live
just on the street like literally I
haven't been here since I moved out of
Malibu which is like they live good food
I got kale Caesar focus there we go
and shrimp tacos you got chicken tacos
and more shrimp tacos and we got drinks
dude cheers yeah
and back at my car now I'm about to head
back back home and or at least back to
Santa Monica I don't know I'm gonna do
it is hot out here like I mean it's it's
nice but it's hot it's 90 degrees
Fahrenheit right now here in Malibu and
I looked at the conversion for those of
you that don't know Fahrenheit it says
it's thirty two point two I don't know
if you need that point - but that's what
32.2 - yeah so it's it's super nice out
here at the beach and I'm gonna head
back though over there and see what Jake
is up to you people are up to you and
just
keep having a good time that's that's
what you're supposed to do I was just
reading some of your comments in
previous vlogs when I think is always
hilarious I always say this to my
friends is the comments that say like
you show food in every vlog and I'm like
I eat every day don't you guys eat every
day too
it's just a thought it's the famous
venison we're walking over right now
because ninja warriors filming where are
we going right now she's taking a
picture we're going over right now I was
running cuz you're crossing the street
and the time was running out but we're
going over ninja warriors filming and
we're gonna see if we can see any and
people go through the runs and see how
well they do because I do like the show
and it'd be cool to go see you live and
they're filming on Venice Boardwalk
right now
I apparently they're not shooting -
they're just setting it up we had wrong
information but the crazy thing is these
tents right here are people that have
been camping on some of them for up to a
week trying to compete the Ninja Warrior
that's like that's why it's barricaded
off so they're they're sleeping right
now but
they're setting up all the stuff right
now the obstacles for them to use I was
hoping to see like the vert wall or
something like that I don't see any
oh is that it right there No
I don't know I'm trying to look at stuff
but they just said yeah maybe I'll come
back when they actually
well it's a new day today and I just got
home from a meeting for our TV stuff not
even for the YouTube stuff and I'm back
now and I'm just it's such a nice day
today and yesterday what you guys just
saw but it's just it's this weather it's
killing it this whole weekend supposed
to be super nice mr. Harvey's enjoying
it right buddy yeah you're enjoying it
well so I'm gonna give you four today I
hope that you guys enjoy watching and
started again on a new day today so
we'll have another vlog and good good
good time but that's all we have for it
so right chicken and waffles
that this won't blow me up
