hey guys ha I bet you knew i was gonna
say that I'm Way not Jake like I like I
seem to have been the last few days i
was like i'm waiting on Jay tacoma
waiting on Jake to come over my way not
Jake to come over right now because we
are going to go to a place that we've
been wanting to go for a while called
brews whiffle a waffle joint brews
whiffle a waffle joint it's a waffle
restaurant on wilshire down the street I
love waffles so I'm just waiting on him
to get here and then we're gonna head
over there they've all different kinds
of like sweet waffles dessert waffles
they even have a waffle taco they call
it a wacko which is like a waffle but we
had tacos last night so I don't know
what we're gonna get but I'm excited for
waffles Cruz whiffle a waffle joint yeah
are you excited for this I am see you
excited for so I'm just trying to get
some flowers
all the stuff sounds so amazing I just
saw a bitch
I
pathetic
okay we got it Jake got the toy special
which is fried chicken and waffles oh
yeah
guys and his I said what's your favorite
said the bananas office I said your
favorite oh yeah
I love it love to have a show just like
eating you're paid to eat that would be
amazing see I only go to the gym so I
can get this kind of food I'm not going
to gym sex in the gym so that this won't
blow me up in turn me into a elephant
this guy's my hero dude yeah
who needs toys for the dogs when they
enjoy playing with trash cans he takes
that trash can out of the bathroom
brings it over here so he could play
with it he likes to put it on the couch
played some GTA 5 who you do in your
trash can watch and then I'll pick it up
he's getting you with the trash can yeah
chai plays a GTA 5 while Jake plays GTA
5 and my phone is dying I had to go plug
it into the kitchen I have people i'm
back and forth so i went in the storage
closet and I found myself a giant
extension cord with a six foot cable to
my iphone and now the problem is solved
because other than that there's no other
cable right here sounds like a personal
problem exactly firstworldproblems one
thing out of many things you gotta love
about this socal life is this sunset
look at this sunset gotta focus
oh yeah
you've gotten some too yeah super nice
how could you not love that am i right
Oh am i right jagwire now our way to the
bottom floor brush the garage because
we're gonna head over to our friend
David nigga we're going to his birthday
at to ash cash which is the restaurant
where they have sausages you could even
get a rattlesnake and rabbit sausage
it's crazy but I don't think we're going
there for food because I'm not very
hungry at all but might have a self some
bear and then just celebrate his
birthday with him since we're gonna go
right now I'm at the far now for David's
grab
we got a we love Jake is drinking so
much them and I never catch up I don't
know nothing yeah so that I just like to
turn it to Jake is nothing to say
okay guys well it's a new day so I'm
gonna I'm gonna end it here that's all I
got for you I hope that you enjoyed this
vlog because I'm I made it just for you
guys gonna start of day about to head
out with some friends so you guys see
that tomorrow's blog and on that note I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Luke you enjoyed it absolutely fantastic
that's so good look very right in your
house yeah these are and definitely had
that sour cream quizzes that says a big
big plus mmm
I need more toggle
