hey guys it's a new day today and
there's not much going on I know that
Jake just text me he's like I'm hungry
he actually didn't text me and save me
that say that he he said it on the phone
because we were talking on the phone not
ever text
he said I'm hungry so I said you should
come over and we should like barbecue
something or whatever let's go to the
market find some food to barbecue it's
we haven't done that in a while
so I think that's what he's gonna do
he's gonna head over there in a little
bit and we're gonna get our grill on
here yeah yeah do you want something
will you get here because your dog who's
your dog
Harvey where's Jake where's Jake you
don't know no okay
well it's getting dark Jake is heading
over I thought I was like where are you
it was like before it's taken a long
time and the only reason I care that
it's dark is because my barbecue is on
the roof and I don't want to I don't
want to barbecue in the dark cuz then
how are you guys gonna even see it if we
barbecue on the roof in the dark unless
the roof is on fire the roof is on fire
it's not but how are we gonna do that in
the dark a kid we can't dark BBQ BBQ in
the dark
oh no we'll have to figure out what's
going on what the plan is maybe it's
gonna change because things change as
the time changes because the times they
are changing
I'm going crazy because I'm really
hungry now yeah you guys are probably
like what the hell is he saying I'm
thinking that 2ds freak
hurry dance dance like that buddy dance
break is done freakin dawn by the looks
of the security cameras it looks like we
got a two-for-one special heading up
this elevator you excited little boy
let's get this two-for-one special
there's one where's number two there's
number two I said we're getting a
two-for-one special tonight all three of
us yes wet the market right now we're
trying to figure out what to what to get
we're thinking that we can get stuff for
the barbecue but the problem is I don't
have lights on my barbecue and like the
grill light that you give attached to it
isn't working so we want to be able to
see if the meat is done or anything like
that
so we might just have to cook it in the
kitchen trying to figure it out right
now
what what are you thinking
I wanted to grill but you don't have a
light does they have these like pre
marinated meats and a really good like
beef skirt steak for carne asada solid
that so we thinking it's Tuesday and
myzel making tacos but then they have
our use snapchatting me yeah
okay well they also have these like
citrus seasoned chicken breast pieces
great for tacos and said and alpha stole
four tacos which is also good that's
this and that's this and we can cook
those like I'm like a skillet or
something like in my kitchen so that's
what we're trying to figure out right
now sure what we're gonna end up doing
just got back to my place here's a
better look at what we got we got the
citrus seasoned chicken that will cook
up some guacamole pico de Guise and
salsa some four cheese blend Mexican
cheese some tortillas for the tacos
shredded lettuce why do we need to see
it before everyone else
kicki yeah well Jake snaps all of this
stuff so if you guys haven't already you
should check out his his snapchat he
snaps way more than I ever do and I
should snap more I know and I will try
to but if not you could always count on
Jake
his is Jake the letter n bake
it's a Jake and be a ke and the number
eighty Jake can bake eighty yep so you
can go check out his snapchat and you
can see all the stuff live as it's going
on take this chicken it actually smells
really good smell it just as easily yeah
come on chicken
yeah you gotten that open oh yeah why
not it's all chopped up fit yeah that's
perfect amount it's a perfect amount and
then we can just heat it it's fine it's
fine the chickens coming out pretty good
looks good oh yeah and then Jake right
here he's making like quesadillas have
little tacos gonna close up I'm gonna
close them up and then you reopen them
once the cheese melts and you make the
taco in there to make it like a
quesadilla taco awesome stuff okay so
this is main to a quesadilla and pulled
back open now I take this take some of
this chicken
okay a little more perfect now I take
this
oh it's we're having tacos Luke so then
we take this over here add some pico de
gallo a little bit there and take some
guac because I like that mm-hmm
and then some shredded lettuce and there
you go and now we take this some Tapatio
sauce mm-hmm and there you have the taco
it's easy is that now it's time for the
taste test oh that's so good but yeah I
have to go the sour cream I forgot that
oh my god that's good it's so good you
sour cream that's really good look you
enjoy it
a great rate in your house yeah these
are and definitely had that sour cream
quizzes that says a big big plus
I need more taco look who just shut up
to Taco Tuesday its mr. Brent hey Cheers
no we still have tacos we did not eat
them all yet stay here Harvey they're
gonna go goodbye see you why'd you stop
it why are you stopping it yeah okay
I'll see it I feel like every time I
flung like saying goodbye to him he
always like stops the elevator thinking
like I'm gonna say more and I'm like now
you know you're just making this
goodbyes really awkward cuz then we're
just standing here looking at each other
yeah well they just headed out we had a
good a good night at the tacos and
hanging out and stuff but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching that and I'm gonna
call and I'm really tired
Harvey and I both got to go to bed gonna
wake up go to gym start a new day have a
good life that's what it's all about so
on that note that's it I'll see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
ah yeah I'm bumping my head on here oh
sure today yeah hello Jake by the way I
just put yours mine yeah I got three in
there I just literally just made matzah
balls and the chicken broth that's it's
good good stuff
