hey guys it's a new day today and I have
an idea this is such a
spur-of-the-moment not just not
something I thought I was gonna be doing
today but it's an idea and Richard
you're doing it with me come here ah you
want to go to DMV good it'll be fun
you don't have your motorcycle license
yeah yeah I don't even I don't need one
either
but we could go take our motorcycle
license - I always wanted just like I
have an addiction with getting certified
getting license getting everything like
I have a ton of them really weird ones
okay I have certifications not only for
like CPR first aid all those types of
things but I take them for even things I
don't need like I technically have like
a certification for babysittin course
why because they offered a certification
that's why one of the way I could have
just got a job as a bartender when I was
bartending but I went to bartending
school so I get certified I love I was
like okay what's something I can go do
today I want my motorcycle license but
guess what what we're not studying I'm
nervous I'm probably never gonna pass
either I don't know any motorcycle laws
or anything but that's the fun in it and
then we know what we fail at okay I knew
he'd be down we are not going to study
at all I don't know any motorcycle laws
and they are much harder I've heard then
taking like the test for just a regular
car so we might fail this might be epic
fail but at least we'll do it for the
vlog and I'll happy joke guys I'll have
you guys here to support me when we fail
I'm saying when if hopefully probably
one I can't believe we're going to the
DMV by choice are you ready to get ten
please one choice man no I'm feeling
nervous it's going to food I like to
think I'm widening Richard psoriasis
here well it's okay I have this weird
nervousness too and I
we just went in and registered got our
position in line and they told us by the
way you are going to have to take not
only the motorcycle if you want to take
that you're going to have to take the
car won as well
I was like I have my life right now you
have to take it again because you're
adding it on alright so I'm really sorry
actually I am scared because even though
I know the rules arose and it should be
pretty easy the fact that I didn't know
that we had to do this there's no
preparation so that makes me even more
nervous I feel like I'm just going to
fail okay I'm gonna go I'm sorry Richard
okay what we're about to take 2,000
beats we took both pass each the driving
test for cars I got 100% did not miss so
I know what I'm doing it's going to okay
that I'm driving that's not scary for
the motorcycle test right we gave up he
goes oh that's the hard one I hate
hearing that especially since I didn't
study but you know what I fucking passed
I have my frickin motorcycle permit not
a license yet until you take the skilled
course you just take a course they
pretty much test you in that and you can
get your license you file paperwork but
I got it he said it was a hard test and
I got it now for Richard the driving
test the one that I got 100% how did you
do I failed
okay he failed but that's okay because
they said he could come back and take it
again he's get a study you got a booklet
you can take some practice tests online
I apologize that you had to take that
one too
but the motorcycle test how'd you do on
that one awful film also fail I'm sorry
too I'm excited because I okay if you
pass on both and I failed both of mine
thank you Alex
thank you I'll go like when we buy an
ice cream no okay
the hardest part about this
cycle test isn't finished yet and I'm
not talking about the driving aspect
under the riding up I know I'm talking
about the part where I tell my parents
of what a motorcycle no they're not
supporters of that I think it's because
they love me mostly mom look what I got
I took my motorcycle written test a test
you're not getting a motorcycle
I want them why not why not you are not
getting one you never give that back no
no no no no no no no no don't nope nope
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope I'm
in my garage right now and as I pulled
in I heard a couple birds and there's
one bird that keeps flying in here and
then flying out the exit like through a
little hole and I'm like why is it
flying in and flying out and I realized
it's actually I think trying to show the
other bird that's scared trapped how to
get out but the other bird won't leave
it just hides here in the corner look
look at this look at this little guy or
girl I don't know what you are are you
scared I want to help you out of here
you really let me go close to you like
it's just it's just standing here
okay it took me a good amount of time to
gain his trust but he finally came and
is just sitting on my hand you okay
could take you outside to your friend
they're calling you I think your mom is
out here too the mom is up there and I'm
gonna leave him right here just for
right now see if she comes near if I'm
not there he flew for a second and then
he came back Brock I don't know what you
want from me anymore
I don't know what to do do you guys want
an update because here's an update and
it's pretty shitty well well they say
it's good luck to get pooped on by a
bird I guess so looks like I'm gonna
have good luck good your mom
shea cuckoo you won here Oh
bro yeah go ready and go
he did it he flew away they're both
together now so that is fantastic
ah so nice it just takes time he's now
safe I changed my shirt we had a good
day passed the test everything is
fantastic so I guess with everything
finished now that that brings this vlog
to an end so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching there will be some cool stuff
coming up soon you guys will see what
I'm talking about
and on that note I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye oh wait Cologne ready you can
stop right here
I'll tell stop what do I do go ahead I
got your gift you can open your eyes
you can see that's your card I know you
wanted it wrapped sorry oh my car my
card it's your go let's go look at it
wait a sec I got a license plate there's
no way out yeah
