hey guys it's a new day and I am
absolutely freakin exhausted like so
exhausted right now just because I can't
tell you exactly why but yesterday I
helped Roman pull off one of the most
epic pranks I've ever seen and you guys
definitely see that Sunday I'm so
excited to see it I said Roman I was
like you got to edit that so quick and
just send me a send it to like a version
of me he's like no you could wait till
Sunday and his first text me today was
not like oh that was so cool yesterday
anything he's like I can't move I am so
sore like oh my god I'm just so
ridiculously sore every all over my
whole body
Branden helped out he texted me was like
dude I am so sore from yesterday and
then I had the gym this morning at 10:00
and I was like this is ridiculous my
trainer was like you just seemed pretty
dead to us like I know honestly we may
have to cut this short I just I don't
even know what to do I think I'm just
gonna like have a total just relaxed day
and not do much because it's I'm tired
that's just the end of it that's the end
of it I texted Jake and I told Jake I
was like just come over he's like what
should we do I was like honestly I don't
really feel like doing much but we can
have a total fat dude day he's like what
does that mean I was like well I made
homemade matzo ball soup for those you
don't know what matzo ball soup is and I
know some of you're like huh that's
crazy how do people not know what that
is a lot of people don't and I'll show
you what matzo ball soup is I've made
these matzo clothes go scratch those
balls down there that are in the chicken
broth or like they're made with it's
like egg and matzo meal and stuff like
that if you don't know what matzo is
look it up it's like a Jewish version of
a cracker
it's unleavened bread that's what it is
I'm a Jew for those who don't know but
anyway I was like a mega matzo ball soup
who play video games I got beards let's
just drink beer muscles to play video
games does that not sound like the best
day ever I told them to be a little bit
more Jewish if we had Manischewitz which
is Jewish wine but beer does the job so
I think he's going to come by and that's
that's our that's our next plan next
plan of action right now ah yeah odd
bumping my head on here today yeah hello
Jake by the way here's mine yeah I got
three in there I just literally just
made matzah balls and the chicken broth
it's good good stuff do you take a piece
of the matzo ball yeah is it good
oh you guys you know if you go to like a
store I don't know in some other
countries if it's as easy to find
underneath that but if you're here at
least in the US and I go to like your
grocery store and find the Manischewitz
brand of like it's like a box of matzo
ball soup mix and it'll tell you on the
back how to make the soup and the matzo
balls
so easy it's like a white and orange box
and you guys should try it it's it's
pretty amazing
we got the ears we got red stripe Cheers
big that right now to complete the day
we need to turn on some video games be
extra lazy
video James video James I'm
play little GT a year let's go
to the right right to the right Oh OHS
okay
there's
I know this cars screwed time for new
car
haven't if you played GTA 5 you lives in
our view yeah you enjoyed your water
bottle who needs my toys when you God
loves play with old water bottles I just
got to take off like the cap and
everything on it or else he'll eat it we
can play the bottles you had an out Jake
yeah okay
what time is it yeah
1234 getting late
okay time to go it's now the next
morning and mr. Jake is back uh-huh
and it's time to go to the gym so we can
get our workout on and bust out some
muscles right some moves yeah boss
however you want to work out - yeah yeah
you all right got to look who's excited
to be a lake
look who's excited to be wait you are
buddy except you can't come to the gym
yeah we're gonna head there right now Oh
like wieners like wieners yeah you
excited here to eat buddy what are you
doing what are you doing that's my shoe
Oh what he's doing well we just got back
we actually went to oh and so we just
went to the gym and then we went grab
something to eat over at Barney's
Beanery cuz they were playing the soccer
game so Jake enjoys watching that I
don't watch too many sports but I all
sit there and eat food is what driven
yeah so I'm gonna head it here so that I
can continue to blog throughout the day
have yourself a good time and and oh
yeah big big fat big fat guy
this is right yeah he is big he's a big
boy one of those guys I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
