hey guys i am headed right now to
universal they have a thing they're
called I flya what are they filming here
they're filming something here at uh-huh
oh oh my god those lights are bright
anyway yeah there's always filming going
on tonight but um yeah we're going to
universe looks everything called iFly
which is like indoor skydiving you don't
actually fall what it is like a giant
wind tunnel that blows you up and then
you could hover on the air which is
great i'm gonna go do that with Roman so
he's meeting me at Universal because
there's been traffic we can't really
meet up before then and then we're gonna
go do that so that's just like totally
last minute decision that we were just
like I don't know what should we do
let's do something fun and I was like
well there's indoor skydiving that's
what they can't even though you're not
gonna um and he was like I'm down let's
do it I was like okay well what it is
he's I don't care let's do it so that's
where we're headed right now to go go to
iFly at Universal
I just got here i'm at universal but I'm
looking for Roman I don't know where he
is he said he was going to weigh that
ballet for me see him walking in now
don't know where he is I should probably
be calling him instead of vlogging but
you guys should go through this with me
where is he he's probably pooping I'm
gonna give him a call I found him except
he kind of knew where I was and was
waiting to scare me and I didn't even
have my camera out if you look at his
you never you're terrible scare what
he's talking about I may have not looked
like I jumped a lot on the outside but I
jumped a lot on the inside and I'm heal
a little I peed a little that's we're
walking up to iFly right now boom I'm
excited for this have you ever done so I
get excited
I don't think we jump in that's the
instructors I think apparently it's hard
enough
and their make it look easy to doing
tricks and stuff
think we're going to be doing that but
I'm excited
but yeah I can't hear anything that but
I can't hear anything we got your plexus
or is there anybody has the students
like you to put yours in yet we're about
to go it
yeah dude he's killing it he's done so
good
all done that was pretty freaking
awesome and now I'm hung are you hungry
starving it's get I was I was filming
your nipples not your face videos to us
we bought the video yeah we we bought
the videos that they do in there so vote
you already stopped because I'm gonna be
putting that is before I'm talking
anyway we're doing it sunny we work very
hungry so we figured we just like
Stigler like an appetizer size portions
so we just uh the holy hell just shove
my mouth
lodi got chicken and pork and ribs i'm
going to happen to
the box
yeah okay well I got my food there was
no way I was gonna finish that not a
chance you got your food too I'm gonna
tell them you didn't finish your beer I
did that's the route you're gone okay
you can have your bag bag I'm just gonna
all right definitely I definitely didn't
finish i'm finishing one together we got
four boxes left four boxes left damn
crazy but uh our cars just pulled up now
so baseship hungover life here's his
line yeah okay I'll see you you held it
you know you're not used to LA weather
when you hear my song it's like 60
it just noticing you're coming from all
i doubt i love it like this I'd rather
okay I'm see ya okay guys well that's
all I got for you for today I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching I had so much
fun and in I fly and can also check out
I mean in mind you saw me flying you
could also look at Romans which i'm sure
a lot of you've already seen or we'll
see where he flies to yeah i'm calling
it flying just because it's called i fly
it's supposed to give you the exact same
sensation as if you're falling out of an
airplane like when you're falling out of
an airplane typically you actually don't
get that like drop feeling in your
stomach apparently actually Scott at
sure some of you have and you could
comment if you have except for that like
initial like right when you get out of
the plane and you just start the fall
that's when you feel but other than that
you're fine you feel all this wind just
pushing on you and your face and that's
what that's what this is where we the
wind tunnel is about like 130 to 140
miles an hour the wind hundred three
miles our I don't know what that is in
kilometers i'm sorry i can't translate
that for you guys but yeah it was it was
definitely fun i definitely one do it
again and i hope was cool to watch and
that's all so i will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye oh my god this is tough
okay
haha
