hey guys it's a new day hello Luke
you look like you are wide awake and
Phil and you guys just so happy
yesterday all that drink you didn't even
affect you at all
you guys are so up and Adam right now oh
yeah I see Jake's head back there hey
Jake give us oh yeah how's it going
how's it going other day light valleys
life yeah just you and watching this
Alex made a vlog Mars yeah yeah we could
we could all be in the vlog I feel like
every time it's doing there it's like
making my face target like that well
we're getting our day started having a
good time already you know and yeah I
just figure out I started my blog you
were on it but yeah he wanted to say hey
guys again well guys check this out I
got some some towel here hey we got this
and we've been like oh it's like winter
wonderland you take this then you snort
it
hey Dad maybe you just get them hidden
oh it doesn't really yeah it's probably
oh this is this is just marking up
everything Oh Jake that was such a bad
idea
yeah I didn't say it was more idea I
just said it was a bad on
your ideas are bad guys don't put - oh
my god every time I take a step it
smells lovely if that's what it is yeah
well now I gotta clean this up thanks
Jake snort it stored up yeah start up
some talc stupid ideas this was such a
bad idea
it's not even cleaning anything up
yeah it reeks of talc and orange spray
because Phil just made a poop in my
bathroom yes that's the poop the poop
yes the his poop
it is raining here right now it has been
so long I don't even know if you guys
could tell but it doesn't even look like
it let me see if I can open this oh shit
I think it's like flooding flooding down
there because our our drain systems are
so terrible because we don't know what
the handle you can't handle ring so what
it does rain here it's like it floods
and it goes nuts and is raining like
freaking crazy
yeah you can't even tell on the camera
if I feel like it's like if you guys
gonna be like that's napping above but
it's only been writing for like a little
bit and it's all flooded down there like
it's already almost going up to the to
the top of the sidewalk crazy start our
bad drainage systems but uh I like the
ring it's perfect video game weather cuz
they need to sit back Pleasant games I'm
at Sports Authority with mr. Brandon
making angry faces trying to find some
fun stuff you're very talkative today
I'm upset
why because you made me come out here
and what I'm getting anything we are
getting stuff we're gonna we're gonna
get some I was looking I was like oh
well they have a these are slack lines
but did the zip line there maybe we'll
just get a zip line and put it across my
apartment they like you this is heavy I
was going through nature Oh dr. Oh me
yeah right when would that be cool to
have a zip line in an apartment don't
throw those at me it's a ninja star no
no sorry no throat hot really right now
wow your butt pirate are you happy with
the new toys thanks dad
Green Machine you got to do got two of
them so we could race in the apartment
yeah
they were on sale I'm not can you fill
in there try to fit in there okay to run
we're good yeah it's correct flagon
oh it's not gonna work we got to fix
this maybe put seats down I'm excited
for this Oh someone's getting smart here
look at that oh sorry
it's kaya we're back in my place now I'm
putting it together we got this going
that's like the back wheels you got to
put all this oh you do you're a handyman
oh yeah yeah hey Jake you coming you
coming a green machine with us yeah yeah
we're gonna we're gonna put these
together and green machine all over the
place you're just gonna be green
everywhere if you did it oh it's in
today
just gotta put that down part of the
fuck is it yeah
all right now I just got to get the bike
pump Jake don't sell out Jesus oh we're
gonna get this bike pump get it working
it's all complete we pumped it up take
this mr. Kelly okay
I know that I'm just trying to okay hey
I'm gonna pass you just come over here
watch my six slide yo
Oh
oh my god this is tough okay
I totally just ate poopy trying to slide
it what did I got my head here
get a counterweight
oh you're phenomenal
Gayle keep rolling
it was nailed my god we got to get one
of these with a motor on it
oh yeah okay guys well that's all I got
for you for today oh did you guys
enjoyed watching green machines out
awesome I know you can go over right now
and check out Romans vlog to watch Roman
and I racing around on the green
machines which was fun and yeah so
probably do some cool videos with that
and there's good times good times right
Harvey
look what you did to the wall right
there but what you did not okay not o.k
he completely understands me anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed and I'll see you
guys get amaro goodbye you little stupid
ass bitch
I heard you got a new man I feel second
he busts it up thinking it's making me
sing yeah
