hey guys i just got back from the gym
right now and went ahead over i got it i
had to take Harvey out to poop give him
some food now I'm gonna head straight
over to jake's and we're gonna go get
some food it's so early so we're going
over to one of our favorite place is
called flake in Venice it's amazing you
guys have seen it for my blog I'm going
to go ahead over there now and get my
grub on yes son
fall would you get one with Mary's time
and
with turkey free up todo esto
ever come to that check I'm on my way
back to my place now and I just got
pulled over by a police officer bike cop
and he pulled me over because he said my
registration cell says may 2014 and he
goes what's the situation with that well
the thing is in my glove compartment I
have my registration sticker for this
year and I said oh well the situation is
and as I pulled it out i said is that i
am very lazy and he was like he goes you
know you're gonna get like parking
tickets and everything gonna cause
yourself so many problems he's like just
go home and put that on I was like okay
I'll do that sorry it's like it's not
good just have a nice day I don't know
how many times they'll pull people will
be like your registrations expired it's
like oh no it's right here it's been
right here I just didn't put it on but
I'm gonna go home and put a lock right
now because clearly i've just been
slacking on that and I shouldn't be okay
well I took a shower I'm all cleaned and
if you guys remember my vlog that said
double fail where the date didn't happen
at the three-way three-way you know
three guy friends two girlfriends that
didn't work out well they gave us a free
one because that one got so screwy and
so it's tonight um I got down I got a
button putting down shirt oh so fancy so
when i head over to jake's now to meet
up with Jake and Luke and we're going to
get some drinks in us and an uber over
the location because it's literally
almost walking distance from Jake's so
we may walk we may take an uber I don't
know if I'm gonna head over to jake's
house now Uber's just getting here and
we'll start the night I don't know if
I'm going to vlog on the actual like
grouper on the date it all depends like
what you guys said you guys always like
how come you don't flog when you went
out to your Volvo and as soon as I went
out with these other girls the other
night and decided to vlog it for you
guys you guys were like why would you
pull your blog camera out when you
the girls you totally ruined it well if
I have an opportunity to pull it out i'm
going to pull it out so i may end up
pulling it out I don't know you guys
will know when you when you continue
watch this we're here we're just waiting
on that we got here before then what are
you thinking I like this beer Jake
you're on the app right now yeah they're
not here yet dirty late we're already
doing better than that
what point friends 0points through them
I told them what I do
check it out yeah
oh yeah
it
well guys the group fracture went
surprisingly well I don't want to keep
going on my camera but I'm happy they
were like take out your camera you want
to be on the plugs yeah we wanna do you
want your boss here yeah I was like kind
of hesitant cuz it's still weird you
know you guys like it so that I love it
but it still is a weird thing to talk to
your camera it is in the center everyone
around me right now sees me talk to my
camera but it went well and now we ran
across the street to baby blues where
you saw the barbecue place the other day
that weapon got some more brisket oh
yeah you got pulled pork sandwich and
mac and cheese you got mac and cheese
yeah now we're gonna you're gonna be so
some barbecue
okay so we just finished eating and
there's been a huge debate online right
now like I'm talking about gigantic
worldwide debate most you probably
already have seen it but for those of
you that have it it's it's mind-blowing
so it's called the dress there was a
picture of a dress posted online and
half the people the world see it as blue
and black the other half of the people
see it as white and gold I want to know
what you guys please comment below and
tell me what color you see this dress as
it's a really weird phenomena yeah i'm
gonna show it to you right now you tell
me here hold on it's gonna focus okay
what color is that dress is it white and
gold or is it blue and black comment
below and let me know okay guys well
that's all I got for you for today so i
hope you well i'm gonna start again now
it's a new day it's morning time well
not morning time it's early afternoon
time i'm gonna start a new problem 130
so afternoon afternoon and i'm gonna
start a new vlog cuz I should I'm gonna
get this up for you guys but uh hope you
guys enjoyed watching and remember to
comment down below what color you saw
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye has worked before at least I
thought it was even if there's more
no that's all events let's try this out
