hey guys i'm here with mr. Jake hey guys
hi go ahead right now to go to the local
gamestop because I want to pick up some
new I never found my like controllers i
lost my my playstation controllers so uh
are you stop chatting me blogging yeah i
need to get a like controllership
playstation cuz we want to try i have
grandes out of 5 but i don't i haven't
tried it online yet and i really want to
try it online Roman says it's awesome so
we're gonna get some controllers and
play that we just got back to my place I
got myself the controllers I I haven't I
haven't upgraded to a ps4 or Xbox 1 i'm
still using ps3 ps3 is why do i need to
spend othr four hundred dollars right
now if I just want to play the same game
i'm not gonna spend that money right now
maybe maybe like in the near future if
there's something like super amazing
that i want to buy one of those systems
for but for now PS real dude so the only
thing i didn't buy I guess you charged
with regular USB cord so i could
probably just do that i just it didn't
come with when i got controllers they
didn't come with any cord to charge it
that looks epic look at that the sun
shining through there that's so cool
such a nice day check this
ah yeah
after getting the controller is trying
everything plugging it in turns out my
ps3 doesn't even work damn it uh I like
I can plug it in like it plugs into the
TV here and everything but it doesn't
send through any audio or video like the
ps3 is on the lights go on and when it
first turns on you can hear it in the
speakers of the TV like startup I don't
mean any any audio just like a just like
a pop like it's at least there and then
no audio no visual I think it's just
dead it's really unfortunate maybe I
should just return those controllers
maybe I do you have to buy ah I really
wanted to play everything just holds it
back every time I want to do is like
this but whatever it happens it happens
I'm not ready to give up on my system
yet on my playstation but I remember
remember when i was in Malibu it also
stopped working and something i read
online says vacuumed events because
sometimes there's dust in there and i
thought that was crazy but i was like
i'm willing to try it because i wanted
to work and it worked i just remembered
that so i pulled out my vacuum took off
the end so i just have this like end
part and hopefully this will work i'm
explaining all this before I do it
because I think that the vacuum might be
loved but let's see let's not that loud
let's check this out
I don't know if this is doing anything
but it has worked before at least I
thought it did Quincy but there's more
no that's all events let's try this out
okay the TV is on the right input now
let's try it let's try this i will i'll
let you know
nothing all that for nothing still not
working it's dead I don't have a
Playstation anymore that sucks what yeah
I gotta get back my controllers out or
at least return it yourself yeah damn
normally you see us walking down to the
pier during the day but there's a new
place mean the places at new it's new to
us that we haven't tried called big
deans we're walking down the boom Alex
we're trying to get some big big deans
not biggie teams trying to get some big
deal just totally set me up with a tight
not a lot of people around maybe someone
hi Brandon yeah she wants a big d yeah
she does big big big big deans of course
so we could check it out it seems pretty
quiet down there so I really hope it's
open but a lot of according to use open
till 2am god dammit Alex I don't know
what I'm gonna do get hurt me I'm
probably gonna go to jail right yeah
there's cops are you waiting for you up
there yeah hey guys so it's closed Oh
dick dick dick out stop haha wow you
just stuck your fingers in I what old
huh it's super close like beyond clothes
and i went online just right now to
check and it said open today until 2am
it's just my luck hollow time all the
time I'm not buying you a happy ending
and was wash and dinner no fuck ah no I
didn't yeah when other things everything
go
get in and out like you're using like
little extra
yeah this is terrible
but yet it tastes so good trailblazing
right how much I always tell my children
when I eat meals like this and then the
trainer kills me so
this better be worth it
Brandon said as soon as we got back home
that he would see Jake I'm freaking
vlogging give your hand down your pants
no my shirt oh hi Brandon said before we
left that he was going to fix the ps3
and he came back and he was like yeah
just use the hdmi cable from your we
play your play station which I didn't
try cuz I guess just that cord was
broken and it's on so it works I guess
we're gonna play GJ by yeah I got good
news and I got bad news good news is the
playstation works oh and hello Harvey
the bad news is the two controllers we
bought I wanted to save some money and
buy some used ones I think you may have
grabbed the mat of like a defect piles
because that's a camera Harvey don't you
growl at this oh wow someone's someone's
got some problems you're just tired well
anyway I think he grabbed their
controllers out of the defect pile
because neither of them charge or plug
into USB and I've tried multiple USB
cables and multiple charging methods
including plugging them into the USB and
the PlayStation so I think both of them
just have a problem that just can't be
plugged in so I got to take it back
tomorrow this has caused me so much
problems it's just supposed to be fun
guys whatever stop barking man stop
barking he's tired you tarp up hey
Harvey we're gonna go to bed you're not
gonna go down there come on come on I'll
give you a call tomorrow actually you're
come with me the gym right yeah cool so
45 year 1045 here well I leave here at
1045 sunbury here yeah 1030 here sounds
good so I'll see you in the morning at
ten-thirty is not early ok I'll see Jake
is just starting tomorrow at the same
gym I go to so he is gonna go with me
first first time but I think that's all
I have for you for today I do hope you
guys enjoyed it was an epic fail with
ps3 wasn't Playstations fault it was a
guy who sold me those controllers that
don't even work and then half
Playstations well and then Brandon fix
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed watching
I'm tired I'm gonna go to bed so I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye hey
came it came what do you want oh yeah no
evil
but you paid for it so King you get to
pick whatever you want
