hey guys it's a new day HIPAA course I
close every day is a new day and I'm
actually waiting on I think Romans down
the street is texting me saying is can
come by or something to meet up you're
probably noticing how flat my hair is
its flood the reason why some of you
have even commented like wow your hair
is like super slicked back like you
should make a bigger well the thing is
is after i get out of the shower as your
to shout after you get out of shower i
put in like product something that i
have really wavy hair I'd not have
straight hair so I have to put in a lot
of stuff to like slick it back so it's
like super slick and then once the I use
like blacks once it kind of dries and
gets hardened a little bit then I go in
and I could like run my fingers through
and give volume and scratch it out and
it'll stay straight it's just initially
after shower it has to be flat so in
case for those of you that were
wondering that's why some shots early on
in vlog so you see my hair like super
flat yeah I've been trying to turn on
the news I don't see anything on but I'm
like looking out my window know if you
can see oh it looks a lot farther from
here hold on let me see let me see yeah
I don't know why it looks so far on the
camera or maybe she's out of focus
anyway these right there are that's it
that's a smudge on my window nevermind
that thing right there why won't it
focus
anyway that thing going around and that
thing up there are two now I gotta undo
undo yeah those are helicopters that
aren't focusing for some reason or
whatever but anyway there's like a
situation going on where some wanted guy
barricaded himself inside an apartment
complex and for the last three hours
SWAT team has been waiting outside
waiting for the call and go in and take
him down they've been asked me to go out
the helicopter Jake's place is right by
there so Jake like he's snapchatted that
you can hear like the helicopter police
helicopter circling over like the super
loud speaker from all the way up there
saying we have the place surrounded give
yourself up which pretty cool but now
Roman cities on his way over I've been
trying to look in the news I can't find
it on the news anything to watch like
live updates of it cuz it'd be pretty
cool Harvey got friends coming up in
elevator gone let's go check out the
elevator come here come here go say hi
Harvey it's like attacking he took his
shoe up he's like my fat pig can't you
want to smell this smell it just roll it
he knows it's a liquid liquid ass oh
just to take a limo I've smoked that cig
with no oh dude
itself like Harvey it'sit's tinkling
with Harvey oh yeah the win I'm sure
it's like super windy I gotta cut this
wind I hate wind when I'm vlogging don't
fall oh you lost your shoe you're
walking
oh this one's gonna be the winner you
got one more I've actually won it once
in my life still have a gigantic game
from my parents house but I haven't seen
anyone with since then I mean I'd like
you to say legend I know i'll be rolling
in pain but he's just easy
welcome to coffee you guys
did you hey came it came what do you
want oh yeah no evil
but you paid for it so can you get to
pick what everyone
I could win I could take my glory but I
won't take the prize away from okay
every few minutes doesn't make any like
any outing that would normally be like
15-20 minutes to like 45 minutes
picture and picture but you live this
today they form a line
when baby blues we're going to get some
barbecue because that's the only type of
food I eat when I'm with Roman and break
it you brought us here I did we did and
you specifically said I don't want to
tell you it again I want BBQ so no this
place is really good you know it's
really just soul food from the heart
he's a very original
I'm dieting hard right now we're gonna
go straight to peak I'll make a left Oh
being beat by came see you I I'll miss
you man oh ok ok this guy oh yeah ok you
just gotta push one goodbye Miley really
going to stand by and he's gonna so now
Harvey Harvey yeah yeah yeah um it's me
buddy you miss me I was gone for that
long oh you're going crazy you're going
crazy you're going great I wasn't gone
that long buddy I wasn't gone oh my god
oh hi hi huh oh you just sneezed in my
face I love you let me get you some
dinner buddy
you enjoying your dinner buddy yeah
really Harvey you just ripped out the
whole plant and whipped it so through
dirt everywhere really look at this what
did you do that plant what did you do to
that plant you better you better
apologize and Ribery it apologize and
Ribery it buddy and then make poop
because I want to go back inside ok cool
it's a nice night it's a little cloudy
but it's pretty clear I think it's super
nice see all the way back into the city
over there yeah I totally forgot that
last night was Saturday night and I just
I like I was like oh it's Sunday I
should go to bed pretty early then I
wake up and I'm like oh and I looked at
my phone so I got to get up for
something which i thought was Monday but
today is Sunday and last night I did
nothing on a Saturday I failed right
Harvey we failed we should have gone out
and partied he trying to give me a half
having high life can I have one no he's
like now you went to bed early on a
Saturday yeah but anyway my mom is
pulling up outside I think his I'm gonna
go get some breakfast with her and start
off my day hey buddy hey sit high five
good polite now you can have five so I'm
back now from from breakfast it started
drizzling outside rained out made it
home just in time before no I mean they
can't really call it raining it
sprinkled a little bit like a sneeze
like a climate sneeze and then it
stopped it was just a just a mist but
i'm going to ended here guys i hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I don't on I'm
doing today's I can't really tell you
what's gonna be in tomorrow's vlog but
hey that's part of the surprise right
that's what's fun is what's gonna be
tomorrow not even i doubt but i will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye oh you
it's not a bogus hey
tis tis
