hey guys I'm starting way late today and
that's because it took me forever to put
up yesterday's vlog but not with my
excuses how about just a hello nice to
see you good let's have a good time I'm
with mr. Jake no mr. Phil mr. Luke I
said I said no I said she I haven't been
drinking it i'm actually sober Luke why
not Jake Phil not a girl I'm just gay
yeah but oh yeah look man buds of man
buns are in right now that's what girls
I said not fun well anyway we're getting
our drink game started and then I have
some Layton's coming over and we're
gonna continue drinking and we're gonna
go out to the bar stuff and have
yourself a good time so let's Cheers
yeah clink clank and down the hatch you
I'm drinking a Bulleit Bourbon just
straight bull drink Jameson and ginger
there's another great trick if you don't
if you want a good way to drink whiskey
makes it much in doral do it earlier
better injury alright well that's the
ginger ale you Victor oh yeah it's time
whatever you're making a drink if
possible try to get good ice is good ice
makes a big difference check out the
size of this this sphere yeah that
that's what i have in in my drink there
and cockle don't mind that they cool
down your drink cuz i but the they don't
melt just races
so well you they don't melt as fast you
can get them in squares or spheres I
have both and they don't melt as fast
little water down your drink as much but
they keep it cold for a long period of
time which is which is good if that's
that's the point that's the point if I
go through like I'll drink this and then
I'll refill maybe even one or two more
times after I finish my drink and the
ice will still be there so it's a good
thing to have you guys have seen in my
bar chain channel when I make b-52s the
shot the one I did with Alex wasabi you
guys know that one I'm getting laughed
at here cuz people who don't use to me
blogging around hello I'm now I'm just
gonna put you on the spot here see it's
interesting right there's note like this
right now hi we're making shots you got
the b-52s right here that we're gonna
take look at those little layer and then
I could do I'm going to add one more
thing to make it even cooler check this
out I added one more ingredient Bacardi
151 and you guys have seen that it has
the flammable liquid warning on it to
this one it's on fire yeah let it burn
for a little I'll take that one since I
just blew on it haha that's fine
you guys want try the shots we could
cheers on my vlog let's do that okay
guys by the way nothing more awkward
than vlogging again never seen you blog
before mine's got the 151 of it okay
just take it down that 151 it's good
whoo that 151 yeah that's like the only
thing I feel the whole way down good and
I'm trying so hard to not make faces
right now who you haven't tried your
buttery nipple I might cheer you up a
little bit too much go too much means
that 150 175 point five percent alcohol
it's a lot we just got the Victorian a
mainstream good drinks they got my
whiskey ginger oh you
it's not a focus hey
I owe you still want you want tears
again what you went for another pose
you're like oh cameras coming back where
Miami this camera is going up trying to
like catch it back over here and drink
you guys have seen dirty shirt yellow
with my drain channel it's just letting
Shirley Temple with vodka it's really
good drink them and then there were
three it's just it's just us three now
it's really sad I have my drink but the
girls had to leave I think it's
etiquette nobody was nobody was singing
Alan look at me they knew they had to
leave anyway but it's unfortunate
because one hang out longer but it's
okay now it's just three of us guys yeah
Oh
I start a good time it's it's fun right
we still good times yeah such cricket
fake smiles best time ever
we're back wait we're we ended up at
Jake's place Jake isn't wearing a shirt
hey did you serve today I serves a lot
of people I'm not sure I'm supposed to
say really Jake did serving I went
missing ago i'm not i'm not a lot of
same but he doesn't say but he was he
was march ending in a big celebrity
studying event and he served a lot of
cool people yeah great it was right and
i'm sure easy well haha i just woke up
its morning time i think early afternoon
time or something time um yeah so last
night last night was fun then the girls
really cool we just ended up being a
group of guys but would do you guys
expect anything different for me this
that's the way it seems to be going but
uh huh I like this whole vlogging embed
thing maybe I just liked won't get out
of bed ever and we'll just continue
vlogging well I bet this is really
comfortable look house most the muck got
the board I am a failure when i'm
vlogging no english is coming out of my
mouth right now anyway i hope you guys
enjoyed watching that's what i got for
you I just got a text from roman saying
hey what are you doing today we might
head out your whales like I don't have
plans he's like yeah I knew that yeah
Thank You Robin
oh it's Saturday well I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and that's all I got
for you so i guess i will just see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye well creeper
this could have been a great advertising
tool for you for me to say i had a lot
of fun but here's me saying f you and
you took my money nor Pittman thanks
Rupert
