hey guys it's a new day and god I
compact from the gym not too long ago
what grabs I eat so I still feel pretty
gross so I gotta definitely take a
shower right now and get already
probably not going to do my hair at all
because I want to go get a haircut cuz
tonight I have it I have a date with
three girls and two friends it we're
trying out this new app don't worry I'm
not being endorsed for saying this or
anything like that but we've been you
know people use tinder because there's a
new app called grouper that we wanted to
use and what it does puts you cut on a
blind date with three girls and two
other ones of your friends so three guys
three girls match up that way you're
with your friends you have fun even if
the date is terrible it's kind of like
you're with your friends like whatever
we'll just go drink so we have one of
those tonight I don't know what to
expect it's a complete blinding so I
don't know but I gotta get ready for
that and just prep I guess I don't how
do you know to expect I'm excited for
this just took a shower cleaned up
freshened up like I said not doing my
hair because I'm gonna wear hat till I
get to barber shop just not to hide
anything i don't care if my hair is all
messed up but i wanted to at least like
it's hard for my hair to stay back in
that style unless i have stuff in it and
because i don't it made drive forward or
sideways or whatever so until i get
there when i wear hat but it does matter
right now I was like oh I should wear
like like a button up shirt like a nicer
shirt so I found this one but the thing
is is it's super wrinkly luckily I have
a steamer and I could just steam it take
out all those wrinkles make it look
fresh nice
what what what you can't get through
that oh oh oh you want me to play with
you you already play there you go oh ya
ass up yeah I gotta get this stuff ready
we got the steam going now let's steam
this out this is really hard to do with
one hand I gotta pull the shirt out it's
too hard to blanca's so after two hours
of driving in the back alley yeah I'm
just trying to get me J in the back
alley but apparently she only does
haircuts yeah hi cherish hello oh it's
not even focusing it's like being
ridiculous oh I'm the one that offers to
be there we go yeah Jake does it and he
offers a discount on taste Thursday
Thursday's thirsty thursdays yes slurp
it up Jake but because I I took a two
hours because the traffic here there's
no way I have time for haircut so we
just got to go from here and Jake's got
a haircut looks all spiffy and I'm not
so we're just gonna have to go right
back here and go on another 45 minute
drive out to West Hollywood to go on
that grouper thing okay so now we're
not only did i miss the haircut but we
got here and apparently the grouper was
cancelled like yesterday but the app
maybe it's new and it's just shit
doesn't send you a notification to tell
you it's canceled i only got an email
yeah they sent out email saying you got
to be here at this time when I cool
let's check it out so we go here at this
time and they're like oh but no one
tells us and by the way you have to pay
and we paid for parking now we're
sending messages to that group Arab
saying you need to you need to give us
our money back and compensate us for
parking because that was reimburse us
for parking because that's pretty
bullshit
well sweeper this could have been a
great advertising tool for you for me to
say I had a lot of fun but here's me
saying f you and you
thanks grouper after last night's fail
like twice double fail no Erica no
grouper date I just I was like I don't
feel like that let's just I'm gonna go
home and get some sleep because I got
Jim I got I just got back from a trip
right now but it definitely was a
complete and utter fail night which is
ok it's fine things happen but I wish it
was a little bit more eventful that was
that was a shame and now are you making
food i'm gonna i'm hungry i'm some food
too my sister hates anything green she
doesn't you like anything greens nothing
so look at look at her plate that she's
making yourself for lunch this is i've
actually never seen more greens avocados
sugar snap peas and cucumbers are there
more cucumbers I like avocado cucumber
to answer that piece sheets a lot
healthier than me but she's also a
personal trainer it's important for me
early on in the day not later early on
to have some sort of carbs you know my
trainers always telling me when I'm
working out go do something like in the
morning I can have like a like an egg
sandwich or something like that so I
didn't have a sandwich or anything like
that but I got a multigrain piece of
bread made toast puts half an avocado on
in some chili pepper and made a good
snack
I get scared okay guys well I'm gonna
end it here cycling team blog for next
day so we can have more vlogs every day
yeah anyway I want to finish it up here
I wanted this vlog to be like awesome
show you guys the grouper and stuff like
that but you know it's real life real
life things happen and fail and don't
don't happen but I think tonight I know
a group of friends mine like five or six
girls want to come out for drinking
stuff and go to bars so that should be
fun so we'll look we'll look forward to
tomorrow now that it's the end of this
one but I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goo'bye are you humping my leg are you
are you literally humping what are you
doing you don't want me if you're gonna
you're going to do that you gotta buy me
dinner first that's amazing and classy
