hey of course it is because every day is
a new day and look who's here
you guys haven't seen him in a while
like you're you are in my comment
section all the time they've you're
pretty much come everyone always wants
to know these Kevin okay well it's not
only that you've now become like the new
Chuck Norris of my my comment section
they're like really they always write
like these I send you these like funny
lines about yeah but happens I'm doing
just fine he is he's okay did you want a
seventh drink I usually naturally ate a
Mike that's when I cut it off my okay
I've had eight so two more seventh and
an eighth and then we're good I've had
at least like 15 minutes yeah you get a
sip of water have some road beers have
ya ever on the block with some beer you
have some juice he actually eats here
because we're coming up with some more
prank ideas so we could never tell you
guys that we want to do more pranks and
now we are we're writing some new ones
to have some new ones for you guys and
we've been coming up with some good
stuff so I'm excited for you guys to see
that very soon I think you're should I
bet you G's ever use the screen on your
blog camera I am afraid to because then
I'm gonna look up I'm gonna look above
my - I mean look I've been going crazy
about Alex's blog camera this one that
he's using she like there okay so now so
now the screens up right now we're
looking at it and I guess yeah we are
kind of looking all the way you can see
it like that you're not looking at the
screen and now I'm looking up there like
you can kind of tell because it's so
close to yet a distance like if I'm back
here now if you're looking on it it's
okay because you're not gonna do it but
from this close right now I'm looking up
at the screen it looks like I'm not
looking at you guys so that's like
that's the only downfall of the screen
but I could definitely see shots and
like if I want to set something up for
something it's perfect but than that it
makes me distracted to look at it like
up or at them
camera but yeah I love it - love it are
you are you British youtuber no no Kevin
what we're enjoying some drinks for
coming up we're still enjoying some
drinks
what are you drinking again I'm drinking
Bulleit Bourbon bullet bourbon straight
misses me for you like oh yeah
you drink Jack Black and I'm going to
straight bourbon meanwhile you look like
a goddamn 49 I'm a forty looking for
gold
whiskey straight oh yeah bourbon bourbon
is my that's what nice I actually label
in there yeah it's it's pretty good
bourbon is the new smart water bourbon
is the new Irish smile water is it
that's what I always say people are like
you what you got my yummy out Irish
Irish bottled water
like what's that like
did you want some bourbon buddy yeah hey
you want me to put some whiskey and a
bucket get you all messed up I can do
that
oh he was like to you like really listen
you see the way I'm not complex' I jump
at your cup
he's been humping Kevin all day which
dude I mean I think party's gonna crush
on me harder I love you buddy but he
does understand yeah are you out of here
no what oh yeah so I'm taking off he's
getting mad at Dennis right now cuz okay
so guys you remember when Dennis was
living in Santa Monica while they were
shooting a movie I lent him my
television so like hey you want to
borrow my TV here's some rabbit ears so
I'm finally picking it up from Alex like
way after the fact yeah and then I've
been his storage facility he's been yeah
you've been his storage facility there's
no power cords no nothing and I remember
there were powerpoints Dennis Dennis
wants his power cords no I want my power
cords Dennis because I lent them to you
and now you're just giving me my TV back
like no cords nothin can bring Kevin his
cords I ended up not doing much last
night I just kind of went to bed pretty
early but I just went to the gym and now
everyone's done at the gym and we're
gonna go get shabu because it's really
good
the restaurant eat shopping here in
Santa Monica you guys know is like one
of my favorites I love it so we're gonna
go grab that for lunch because they're
open till 2:30 then they closed and then
they open back up for dinner and then
later on I really need a haircut
so that's gonna probably be in the next
vlog because I'm not gonna continue long
all day or else I won't have one for
tomorrow yeah I just got back from lunch
I didn't show too much of it because you
guys have seen Java all the time oh the
same thing over and over again all right
buddy
but to be honest I'm like dreading to
put up this vlog you may have enjoyed
that I don't know let me enjoy anything
Walker put up but I just want like I
stressed so much sometimes about certain
vlogs I'm like I didn't really do
anything eventful or super interesting
and that's real life guys sometimes life
isn't super interesting but I hope you
guys enjoyed anyway and I'm sorry I
didn't give you more hopefully
tomorrow's blog that you're gonna get
will be pretty cool because I have a
three-way blind date tonight I'll
explain what I mean in tomorrow's blog
so you'll see that that one's one to
check out but so that's gonna happen I
can't tell you if it went well or for
what it didn't go because I haven't done
it yet but I'm gonna end this one here
so I hope you guys enjoy what I gave you
anyway and I'll do my best to make my
life more interesting
forgive me but I will see you guys again
tomorrow
good bye
do you want to borrow it sure smell it
know who makes these I feel like his
Everest job it is to make this it has
has a hand job yeah
