hey guys today is Father's Day and I
want to make sure that this year's
Father's Day is extra-special so I went
ahead and planned what I think is the
perfect surprise for my dad my mom has
been helping me out she is totally in on
what we're doing I told my dad that my
car needs to go into the shop and my mom
because she's in on it convinced him
that he should loan me this car we're
taking the Tesla you know most cars you
can just get in and drive it and it's
not that difficult but this car has like
a learning curve just a little bit you
have to really figure it out it's super
confusing for the last I don't know
let's say six months my dad has been
saying that he wants like his car to be
wrapped in like a matte black or a matte
gray and thought it'd be super cool and
I figured if he wants a wrap so bad why
not get it for him but he can't ask
specifically what he wants his gift to
be I'm gonna put my own twist on it
for those you that don't know I have
another channel called Alex Mandel
drinks so that's a bartending channel
it's pretty much been on hiatus I
haven't really put up videos and
recently I decided to resurrect that
channel so with that in mind I got in
contact with Captain Morgan I said we
should work together now I don't
currently have any videos for that
channel so I don't have anything I could
really do with them but I was like hey
guys I think I can I think I have a
perfect place for you guys to advertise
not only are we just gonna do a regular
reveal of this rap but we want it to be
extra fun just those little things that
add a little extra pop to a little extra
laughs what we're doing is we're gonna
fill this whole driver seat is their
fake coconuts though right horse fake
fake coconut is damaged the car yeah so
we're gonna try to angle this box
somewhere in there so that when he opens
this door they'll all dump out hopefully
we don't have too much time left before
I could tell him now my dad knows that I
have a surprise for him he just doesn't
know what it is and this is his baby
he's very very careful about anything
that happens to it so I made sure to
take very good care of it but now now I
think he's gonna get a little surprise
okay finally the time is here we'll go
in my parents apartment I'm gonna bring
them down I'm gonna make sure my dad's
eyes are closed and we're gonna Surprise
them
it's me happy Father's Day
thank you I have a surprise for you we
have to go to breakfast I know but I
have a surprise for you first we're
almost late for breakfast but I have a
surprise okay come on come on what we're
gonna go downstairs follow me yeah you
should close your eyes I'm on stairs
don't the really oh really look I'm
walking backwards oh yeah
close your eyes are closed good clothes
ready you can stop right here okay I'll
stop what do I do
go ahead I got your gift you can open
your eyes would you get baking that's
your card I know you wanted it wrapped
that's my heart it's not my car my car
it's your go look at look at it wait a
sec I got the license plate there's no
way out yeah Gilligan license plate
this is my car what he did look dad for
Father's Day I got you laid come look at
the hood this is how you always know
it's your car this is not Alex
what is it honestly like a captain
Captain Morgan jump hey it's my captain
Morgan's gift to you but I don't want to
smile get it this is my car I have to
drive you do have to try to have ended
by the mirrors the glass so people won't
notice this is my car look look what my
son did to the car why are you laughing
which colour then every colour is on
this car the villa look inside you did
something the inside go look inside open
it
open it just coconuts everywhere this is
your drive with my son got me Father's
Day what I can't hear you
happy Father's Day this was my car you
said you always wanted your car out yeah
and you filled it with coconut yep I
have to go now I have to drive to a
brunch and the public and you say how
are you why are you smiling
I think I gotta walk my son part of me
how do you know it's how do you know
this is a Father's Day gift very subtle
yeah if you have a son that's a youtuber
it's not as beautiful as you think I
could just drive with you excuse me
excuse me
I'll trade your car hi I'll trade you
cars right yeah my son did this to my
car for Father's Day and this I got a
pic of blue beautiful
you got a Father's Day I have to go meet
my whole family you've not said look
what I have I have a Captain Morgan
billboard that's great pretty great
pretty great but it's smiling on the
outside but inside I'm not if you could
turn the camera off I'll tell you what I
really think about it okay let's go to
brunch I got to go to this hotel
people are here there's like a big
father there looking
really did you take it away
up here up are you having your Father's
Day
well you didn't have son who decided to
make it all about YouTube video that's
my part look at the captain's face
that's an easy look at the captain's
face at the drive here and valleys it
yeah it is
do you like my car like that's cool this
is the me we room my car my son my son
for father father's day like a captain
he loved it how long did it stay on yeah
they said well go they said that you
have to leave it on for at least a month
for the adhesive to set and then you
could take it off whenever you want what
will happen if I take it off tomorrow
it's gonna ruin everything every what
you know ruin my paint
yeah at least a month at least a month
so that means it could be more we don't
know
happy father in all honesty that wrap
could come off tomorrow and it's not
going to hurt his paint at all and my
real fathers day gift dad is once you
remove that I'm going to go ahead and
buy you the wrap you really do watch and
I hope you guys all enjoyed watching
this I hope you had an amazing Father's
Day thank you so much Captain Morgan for
making this happen and I will see you
guys again soon
good
neckbreaker you know I'm a chiropractor
I was not wasting his neck on the chest
I was why were you do you lay down with
your car
