hey guys it's a new day of course and I
just got back from the gym not too long
ago they got taking a shower cuz I'm
stinky I can smell myself I'm happy that
there's no like YouTube feature where
you could smell me cuz then you would
know like you'd be like hey Alex go take
a shower but I'm gonna go take a shower
he's been he's been running around you
tired man
tired little boy yeah okay this is not
your food I know you like to eat
everything but you getting my camera
maybe he's just trying to eat you guys a
team well anyway I'm gonna go take a
shower and then I think I'm gonna head
over to Jake's to go meet up with him
and grab Sonny because I'm pretty hungry
too so let me just who clean up this
stinky man myself I'm talking about
great restaurant called Komodo in Venice
with mr. Jake mr. Luke
there's waiting on her food right now
yeah you got yours with the Java taco
yeah
Simona burrito I got the comodo taco
signature burrito which is like what's
yours it's coming yeah oh you got a
strip taco
hey yeah tell me how it is that's what I
wanted
now you don't get that too cuz I'm back
the food was let's really get it what
what I like you you little ham man here
do you want to borrow it okay smell it
know who makes these I feel like his
Everest job it is to make this it has
has a hand job yeah
he sees the hand and he's like oh my
pants are dropping do my thing not
here's mr. Harvey he's he's got to go to
the bathroom right right buddy bathroom
I won't show him going to the bathroom
but that's what yeah and then I got to
head out to the gym soon but just got to
get my day started Riley
we don't have very many things I think
you need to go shopping
I should she always goes shopping and I
eat all over food
so I go in the refrigerator and I'm like
there's not much stuff left then go buy
stuff Alex
I should I found a cucumber some cheese
and Turkey
I'm making this make it a sandwich yeah
that's enough first sandwich I'm just
gonna need more stuff for for later so
I'll go buy stuff I guess are you going
to store anyway then yeah why not
what are you going
fons buy good stuff what should what
what do you guys like to eat for for
snacks and stuff what should we what
should we equip this place with let's
we'll let them decide what what we
should get right what's good it's add a
little bit of salt yeah a little bit of
pepper yeah how about some Italian
seasoning just cuz I found it
Oh boom there's a sandwich right there
it's gourmet why because everything's
gourmet if you call a gourmet go to any
restaurant they'll tell you that I'm
just getting back from the gym now and I
was good workout it was good we're out
this leg days don't forget about leg day
people but anyway I got to take a shower
get ready I have an audition today that
I gotta go to so I got to prepare for
that and get all set so I'm gonna give
it do my stuff but I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this is all I got for
you for today so yeah I will see you
guys again tomorrow
good bye ah oh you're all wet
yeah yeah we go all nasty out there yeah
I were perfect attire for the beach just
Cherie chittimaiu Angie's Elsa you have
fun out there yeah yeah man stop
splashing around chasing birds we're
just with Nick learning that when you're
wet and it's and sticks it's a new thing
it's actually didn't used to happen a
few years ago like that
