hey guys it's a new day today I am in
Malibu right now I'm gonna be meeting
Roman Brittany Kane I'm not sure who
else here might just be them we're
they're doing like a Malibu day for
Britney's birthday so we are we're out
here they're they're already there I've
been searching for like the last
literally half hour for parking because
it is ridiculous so I've got a park in
the shopping center that says you can't
park here if you're going to the beach
but I don't care because I'm not gonna
drive more than a half hour looking for
parking so I'm going to go ahead over
there now and see if I can meet up with
them which would be tough also because
it's crowded and there's no service to
text so I i'm gonna go i'm gonna go find
them
ah I see them I was like looking around
I couldn't find him no no literally I
was just gonna show you guys the ocean
they said that they would be by the
bathrooms but this whole area is my van
hello hello good how are you and they
walk down have a look around ah oh
you're all wet do we have we go nasty
out there yeah I were perfect attire for
the beach just share we chit you to
measure you Angie's Elsa you have fun
out there yeah yeah man some splash
around chasing birds we're just learning
that when you're wet and it's an sticks
huh it's a new thing it's actually
didn't used to happen if yours again
like that
when they tell me don't worry you can
come in our car I don't know whether to
say thank you or Rumi to do I'll good
fit but yeah good well chefs is so good
show in the back seat bro yep yeah don't
worry who's ever something back that's
the the crush box Cain ruined his a
outfit at the beach by go in the water
and they didn't bring anything else
before we go get dinner anything they
got to go buy him some clothes buy a new
outfit here in mouth was slow more
expensive they're like whoa I'm gonna
spend this much here in Malibu but and
then we're gonna go Romans way to the
king the car so he's gonna change him
and then led to dinner cabe do you like
the new outfit yeah he's excited he
wants to go back in the car I'm hungry
let's walk over we ended up eating it
one of my favorite places Allen called
track night we kind of finished
everything is done I you know I'm bad at
this I don't normally show you before
it's ready
but everyone it was good right he's good
I got lasagna
you push your food did I kill this I
know he rushed he was not from the table
for a while and then yet he finished his
play before I could ever seen one slow
today
it was good I'm back home now and I'm
playing with my oh that's my hair
licking my ear but yeah but yeah take it
over it ah you are talking what you
anyways where's have a good time now and
play my buddy oh don't take the camera
Oh what are you doing are you doing
buddies hi oh thank you for that thank
you ah that's right yeah yeah so I don't
think much is going on tonight but but
me Harvey you're gonna play around and
hang out for a little bit right buddy
right you try to get 00 try to attack
them too we wrestled for a little bit
and now I'm covered in dog hair
everywhere and he is spent he is done
you are done you had gotten the boy I
had a fun time wrestling with you
yeah I love that little boy okay guys
well that's all I got for you for today
I hope you guys enjoy the fun like beach
day with the group oh you ready to go to
bed too let's go to bed yeah both of us
are tired now so we're gonna head to bed
and that's that's all I got for you so I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye how do I
close this one yeah are you too tired
well close it no I'll close it goodbye
oh that's good timing Wow
