hey guys it's a new day i'm driving
right now to Marina del Rey I got a
Roman Brittany came in the car behind me
and we're heading out to go I think me
john and christian i don't know who
exactly meaning but we're going there to
go on to go sailing going to vote i love
most that's like that's why i love it i
just did so I'm looking forward to it
I'm so excited so we just got to get
there because it's been taken us a long
time we're coming from a lunch in Malibu
and it's like taking us like 45 minutes
when it should take us like 25-30 so
uh I'm looking forward to just sitting
back on this boat heading out just
getting here to the marina we gotta load
up the juice apple juice what was what
you said running her own juice yeah and
then we gotta load up the drinks also
for the adults too but we're gonna head
out on the boat yeah it's a great start
you're not rather I'd rather the handle
break from the boat I think we're still
good yeah oh oh oh watch what you say
pal too apparently last light snap
though how do you have handles on a
cooler can't even hold like six beers
you have your baby oh no Rella was
driving down side I gotta pick up more
beers
we're like leaving so fun let me see you
coming wake up my 60 nothing like she
drove here from the valley to go sailing
this is just this is loves taking naps
is good
ok
Oh
oh that's good timing Wow
hmm
just having to pull back in when all day
though they have like
roll
Oh
perfect we just got off the boat we're
heading out right now I don't know what
are we going good yeah but I was awesome
awesome experience I was awesome it was
so much fun come on ever been on a
silver really yeah that's a really cool
this is really cool I ended up going to
bed so early last night I like I got
back it's a saturday night and I was
like I should go out and do something
and then next thing I'm sitting on the
couch with mr. Harvey mr. Harvey and
fell asleep so I literally just went to
bed at like 945 beside that Saturday
because I'm i do exciting things now
it's just kind of like I had a good day
the last yesterday last day we closed it
bad I'm sailing and everything that side
a good time and yeah I'm just gonna I
guess ended here start up a new day have
a good time do whatever im gonna do so
on that note I hope you guys enjoyed and
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye yeah I'm really comfortable both
in a third personal cash
some yellow
well there yep
we are anyway guys hello sorry my
shutters were a little weird oh it's a
new day deep personal space is a big
thing that's often
