yeah a really comfortable both in a
third person on the couch
well there yep
anyway guys hello sorry mate my shutters
were a little weird oh it's a new day
deep personal space is a big thing in
this office hello having some lunch some
Korean barbecue
I haven't had it so long I'm so excited
my car's making a really weird time now
not like engine wise it just does these
weird digital sounds like Bank anyway
I'm not to head back to my apartment in
Santa Monica and mr. Harvey you ready go
back hey hey come say hi to the camera
come say hi 18 look look you tired you
tired we've been wrestling around inside
me and Harvey but I'm gonna head back
and figure out what I'm going to do for
the rest of the day and night and I
think today's Friday if I'm not mistaken
or no
I know I don't ever know anyway
let's figure out stuff to do I'm home
now but I gotta be quiet because for a
while you know sometimes when I'm home
Harvey gets tired and he likes to sleep
up against me he doesn't like to sleep
like by himself so I'll sit on the floor
I'm literally on the floor I'll sit on
the floor yeah I know black jeans black
shoes but I'm failing with these white
socks and they're short yeah notice how
we do anyway look at this he likes to
sleep like right up against me
preference he's a king he's a king in
this in this household I just got to
Jake's we're gonna probably like Main
Street or whatever we got a drink game
started not game but like pre-gaming
like getting to drink in our system
Cheers yeah cool wise words from mr.
Jake here okay thank you everyone
watching diners drive-ins and dives
because food is we literally started
pre-gaming I have my drink it we've been
refilling it everything that and slowly
people started disappearing for the room
and now I'm all alone I think Jake
actually went to sleep I hear people
outside but we never went anywhere we
were supposed to go out to the bars
after we drank a little bit it just kind
of died I don't understand of course of
course we're about to eat at this this
lunch or breakfast or lunch or lunch at
Paradise Cove
hey hey hi
we're over here we're over here we're
gonna have a lunch with my parents
Roman and Brittany and Kane yeah
we finished lunch over there and I
realized I really got I like end this
well I'm still doing yesterday's vlog
really yeah I didn't stay up all night I
actually animal I think you parties I
didn't party at all actually in this
vlog you see that everyone ditched me
and made me I was alone in their kitchen
oh oh oh well we're gonna go go out boat
but anyway I'm gonna end it here and
I'll make that actually today's vlog
because I'm trying to slide on you show
them what you got
yeah so the end of here but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and you'll see
this on the boat I guess tomorrow cuz
I'm gonna I'm gonna cut it here so I
will see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
