hey guys it's new day today and oh what
are you doing mr. however you gone crazy
right now you doing crazy right now
where you yeah well yeah where are you
buddy I'm just pulling up to my office
I'm gonna meet Brandon here and we're
going to like I told you guys before we
have some prank ideas we're trying to
work out and some videos and school
stuff so we're at the office to just
like kind of brainstorm write out some
stuff and get going on that so i can
give you guys some awesome material and
some videos and some good stuff that I'm
excited about see I just waiting on
Brandon they were probably to get lunch
as well because I'm pretty hungry I'm
pretty much just finished at the gym
before I came so um yeah I'm gonna head
out inside bring mr. Harvey and get all
set for the day hey Brandon what just
happened what are you doing Harvey can't
get the ball we would just have a
challenge with ping-pong you decide not
to play me oh no no no I just one in
ping-pong Harvey you can't play ping
pong fiery can I have the ball Oh Harvey
you really want to set ball did you get
it you got it thank you I'll take it
yeah uh oh that's disgusting paddy
rustic good thing i love you have a good
thing you tired buddy Harvey
cuz it was there cuz it was there your
face is there no no don't throw the
phone watch watch
here move your hand on the wall so you
feel follow it there you go move it back
fast
a lot of you don't know that sometimes
is like a side gig for fun I I take on
photography jobs they do a lot of that
with Brandon as well he does photography
and so tomorrow I got hired on to a job
in the morning just like maybe an hour
hour like an hour and a half to our
shoot not much of exotic race cars and a
private jet doing a doing a shoot for
those she's pretty awesome it's always
fun shooting cars and stuff like that
well i'm getting all my setup ready and
everything for tomorrow as well as gotta
charge up the batteries get all
everything all my equipment ready to go
and then hopefully have myself a
successful shoot i don't know how much
you know it all depends on if the client
is wants to keep it private or not
whether i could show stuff or not I hope
I can't because it'd be pretty awesome
to show you guys that but I definitely
ask him be like hey is it cool if I like
blog and show this stuff I don't know
how professional that is because it's
he's hired to do that but I will try so
hopefully I get to show that I figured I
wasn't gonna end it right there for you
guys and just go to bed so i had to wake
up really early so now that it's morning
i'm here with Brendan what up and we're
waiting to go in getting access and I
think I'm gonna be able to show you guys
the cars and the Jets i'm going to show
you that as much as possible in this
vlog I wasn't I was like I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to but i'm gonna show
you guys and should be pretty sick I
don't know I don't even know what kind
of cars they are there's some sort of
acing cars right you know a Formula One
racing car only one or they might just
be exotic I don't know I don't think
there and they might be they're probably
gonna be some cool exotic cars here yeah
I don't know we we don't know what kind
of cars gonna be but either way she guys
those in a
in a second because i was gonna say few
minutes but few minutes for us cycle for
you guys so check this out it's a little
loud if we're at the airport but these
are the cars are going to be taking
pictures of
we're also taking pictures of the jet
you can't really see it but it's not
this one the one back there it's the one
that's the third one down but so loud
part it's loud what wow I hope it's not
like super love me
you guys already headphones I apologize
okay guys well that's all i have for you
for today and we're back at the office
now hell of a sprint oh you know oh it's
not it's not in focus there we go but I
think we're gonna go get lunch and stuff
like that but you hasn't see that next
vlog because I'm gonna start a new one
and I'm gonna head to here so i hope you
guys enjoyed it and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye hey buddy hey
buddy we want to play he's like I don't
know what to do you guys you're gonna be
so much bigger than him so skinny yeah
all right Oh everybody ate medium Oh
