hey guys it's a new day back in LA and
guess what I'm gonna go ahead out right
now we're gonna pick up my buddy mr.
Harvey I missed that little boy I gotta
go pick him up right now and bring him
back here so I can play with him so I'm
so excited to go do that right now
Hey
hey you wanna play Harvey has so much
fun playing with those puppies they have
there all those puppies are looking for
a home oh you're a happy boy
you got puppies to play with your
puppies to play with time to go home
buddy you ready you ready yeah here we
go
okay what's the water I'll get you
someone I got you some water
Nagi someone I gotta put your food over
here yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna shake your
butt for me here somebody's shaking but
shaky but shaky but shaky but shaky but
shaky but shaky but oh yeah how about a
high five
how about high five thank you good boy
buddy good boy
I missed you I missed you guess who's
over at my place right now it's miss
Brennan I see you guys yeah I'm since
the cruise actually yeah but you cuz you
uh I cuz you didn't come to playlist as
you are an ass I was working you know
where Keith he's working on we're going
on his show for Nickelodeon oh yeah
look someone's got big boy job but right
now what we're doing is I'm actually
gonna be putting a ton of fans a ton of
viewers ton of you ton of 18 into the
vlog right now you guys get ready to
type whatever you want to see in the in
the vlogs it's gonna be there I'm on you
now right now just trying out a like a
live thing rather than doing like Omega
all the time you guys check this out
we're live right now here comes you guys
right whenever you want to say because
you're gonna see it in the vlog yeah
it's all good as well so we're on here
right now i snapchatted to say that i
would be on it so I'll probably I'll
probably do this again a few times a
good amount of times we'll keep doing
this and it's a good way for us to just
talk live and chat with you so we will
people do this more often
sometimes when you're hungry
just gotta go to Jerry's or any sort of
Dahlia get yourself some matzo ball soup
yeah yeah buddy
matzo ball soup
extended fitness I've been really hungry
I'm holding on friend he came for dinner
and I wait and wait for a long time
because I was going live now but we get
to now you excited you're exposed
because I always promising to buy me
dinner now
no it didn't I didn't even say I'm not
like how every come here alright
everybody okay
hey mister buddy damn mister buddy okay
I'll see ya good good good
go bye Harvey he's gone it's good you
ready for bed I'm tired
it's time to go to bed right sit buddy
sit
f-five I thought you did I speak tired
okay guys well that's all I got for you
for today
I hope that you guys enjoyed us I'm so
happy to have mr. Harvey back in my life
right now because he's an amazing little
boy he's a fun guy but you did find a
friend we were talking about some new
prank ideas potentially for my channel
which would be good with yeah one in
particular that I'm super excited about
so we're definitely gonna start working
on that yeah just trying to get all back
on track forgets to notice some of the
lot of the drink videos I mean the
drinks channel it's pretty much halted
for a little bit and that's just because
Britney was busy to film new ones
everyone kind of got busy Brandon had
jobs and I was like you know what fine
we'll hold off for like a week and then
let's get shooting again start getting
all those videos back up so we're gonna
start getting on that grind as well
everything to get back to normal you
know very rigid but yeah overall I hope
you guys enjoy it and that's all I got
for you for today so I will see you guys
again tomorrow good bye
how crazy is it that at the exact same
terminal going to two different places
we see these two Oh
yeah we both cuz we were saying she's
like what everybody has 15 that's where
we were about that 15 but they're going
to Chicago first for like a layover
we're going straight to LA but they
don't have a straight flight to where
you going do they
