hey guys hey hey hey guys to do day and
we're going over here you've got a Saxon
times week we're going to go over now to
world center marriott with players live
is and today is Sunday this is the last
day of planners live today is actually
Romans meetup that he does with he's
doing with Steve kardynal Jesse and
everything I don't think we're going
there so we'll meet up with all them
went out and we finished that but we're
just gonna go over to check it out see
what's going on today and then maybe
we'll you possibly go to universal
tonight yeah I like to yeah we should I
mean it's Jake's birthday yeah
hi hangs out here throughout the day we
just grabs I click to eat and then we're
trying to figure out what is wrong with
you now not sure what we should do you
know dr of you
last day right we are gonna head out
right now they rent up a whole Universal
Studios park and so not everyone gets to
go like you got to be gotta have like
the VIP wristbands go to be awesome
because it means it's not to be very
passionate all we're good Jake's taking
a call goodbye go with Roman and
Brittany drumming which we've got a uber
right now that's so cool but we're gonna
we're going to head out good time with
the park completely open just for
youtubers and there's roller coasters
and everything roaming the rigging
that'd be a great time to go shopping
not sharp and Bronco looking for a
hoodie oh yea tall 70 bucks a camp for
this and I haven't seen him look at one
hoodies and look at it like t-shirts and
stuff like that
I guess this this is our night
Universal Studios Florida
right with some roller coasters I really
want that to be like every time I open
my garage at home just to say that it
should do the gates to do a Jurassic
Park yeah it is empty look at how empty
this is it's crazy but all the stores
are actually closed yeah but are you
going shopping enough with your shopping
can we go arrive please oh I'm gonna
punch you look at the roller coaster
over there let me see if I can zoom in
on it look at that
get a beer cheers everyone better eat
pho when we go talkin it's really good
it's really good ringing like Harvey
yeah Harvey and I are like each other
highlight one piece Alex Alex had a beer
yeah I'm drug but bein for my first beer
go in
come on Mike what is this fall
check out the dragon
that was awesome you can feel the heat
on your page literally just miss lazies
missed it up what
make your way
like oh forgot I
look at the pictures Hey look at the
picture of the wall now it's not
blinking mouse clicking he's blinking
the pictures are moving their discipline
wheezing what these bands yeah I can't
recall movies like that oh my god no
it's gonna have
when you exit the lift be sure to pick
up a pair of safety goggles to be worn
at all times here your mom here we are
Jake
Oh
I mean setup window
oh he was stuck comes wrong yep I think
we're stuck
stock we're like stuck an angle fuck off
a stellar go yeah I know
come on Donna I know it's battery life
here
good brake systems no it says we're
going to be lifted back up and then
they're going to replay it and then
we're going to go back down reset you
guys do this on your game systems all
the time that's what you're doing roller
coasters do should we go clearly she has
to know the definition of immediately oh
here we go we're moving Oh
are we going to help you remember
that ride was super awesome if you're
wondering why the screams like a little
blurry because some 3d ride so for you
guys you wouldn't watch your 3d glasses
but no that's good i want to show you
guys this the umbrella that rings on
people
ready
it's not doing it Jake
oh you're not that one
wait you can wave your wand to make it
rain
right on the trip for me for their
college you can get wet ok so what your
mom the box together oh ok
it's raining
are you love my thank you thank you but
thank you that the great time
Richard
we're gonna finish up all right here
with the roller coaster you go up up
that that's what you got whoa I just
wants to go buy it looks nuts okay well
that's what we're gonna do so I'm
excited for it though it's gonna be
awesome so we just wanted the roller
coaster and I we actually didn't wife
and I ruined it for everyone because
everyone at a picture like all the
people in the group and stuff and I like
if the universal that in LA if you flip
off the camera they put a little smiley
face or signing like over your hand I
was like cool want to do double and
they're going to put two things I
thought it'd be funny here they're like
know our policy here as we just pull it
like the whole group every other kid on
the ride and stuff like that didn't get
a new roomie a bunch of fans experience
everybody why the box was raised oh come
on show my kids oh you were gonna make
everyone hate me it wasn't I didn't do
it on purpose
we're just heading out now and they were
going to head back be a few room and
then we got to get ready and get set
tomorrow we head back to LA yeah but but
uh yeah it's like still empty here the
crazier with me too I'm gonna
our house
we have one
I wonder who he loves
secateurs dad well we're going to go to
different directions cuz I gotta go back
to our place and you guys are leaving
we're out of here ya go rub but we're
mostly gonna miss Brittany hey for real
I'm just can't say who's taking care of
Malibu since you're here cuz I'm taking
care of RV yeah and
and Kings at my place my sisters
together I'm fun with you can call ICU
oh we got to find a ride back now we are
calls an uber we've got College of it as
it says it was given 11 minutes okay
let's do it yeah okay guys well we're
back in the room probably gonna head to
bed so he can get up and you yo get all
set and back to LA you have a good time
don't do that don't do that that's the
day now it's hates it when you touch
your own man no I don't like anything
that has to do with snot or booze it you
know what if you took a shit right in
front of me on the ground I would be
like okay it smells bad that's really
bad but if you had a booger on your nose
that is the most disgusting the I can't
handle anything that's to do it no Jake
stop it what kind of friend tries to
bother the other friends cuz they know
how much it is if we were in LA I would
send you home laughs you a nice parting
anyway guys I would end up here and i'll
see you guys get tomorrow we're headed
back to LA goodbye
a dream
