no filming
what hey guys we're at the airport we're
about to head to orlando the playlist
lives first though Jake's eat the bagel
I'm drinking a latte
it's time to go to Orlando
yeah you ready to go yeah I where we
going
I don't know orlando is why that one
playlist live waivers let's just go
you can't play list things live
apparently it was supposed to be a full
flight but empty see you have a Western
10ft CSS so is room service
Jake flogging oh yeah kind of a selfie
on the log into video it's nvidia hi hey
buddy thank you just got into our room I
got our beds and there's like a whole
like living space thing and kitchen bang
it's miss against a good amount of space
here Jake is making a poopy so he's
christening the room right up there's a
balcony out there I think it's gonna be
great now we're just really hungry Jake
is emptying out his his insides before
he refills it so we're gonna go get to
eat I just don't know what's an area so
we would check around and find something
Jake and I just made a way to downtown
disney it's not far from where we
normally reside pretty close to the
hotel it's really cold here it's like
he's got to be like mid to lower 50s
yeah yeah I know a lot of you already
are gonna be like that's not cold well
for us it is California okay for me Los
Angeles let's pull but uh it looks I
mean it's pretty cool stuff here I'm
just kind of checking it out look at all
around having a good time I mean play
this doesn't start till tomorrow so just
find some fun stuff to do
we decided to come we decided to come
check out the hotel and the area where
playlist live is tomorrow in the whole
hotel is completely went out to everyone
about tickets so it's crazy like walk
around lobby and stuff and it is packed
with all the Google doesn't look like it
right now no no no we went down to like
go see we're actually playlist live is
going on so I'll a piece without here
but I'm in the lobby it's like packed
with people all around like it's all
ready for this life is crazy she is
buddy
yeah in orlando everyone offer a lot
yeah but it's the night before it begins
Rebecca our hotel now oh good my eyes
are red who's race why I just keep
getting like he said the other plane
they were like super NIV tried to take
eye drops I don't know why my eyes maybe
it's something here or I don't know what
it is but apparently my eyes keep
getting irritated or something like we
all use more I drop this on me but um
yeah I'm already like getting beat I'm
getting tired oh we always walk me we
would be doing balcony but I show them
that before hey guys bye I'm just uh
just take mystery I'm just hanging on
this better huh very nice yeah no shoes
on the bed beer okay I'm not sleeping
with you I'm sleeping over here I'm
tired we ended up totally just like a
fallen asleep last night we got up and
did a herself some waffles at waffle
house but check this out word like a
gift shop oh yeah my friend Oh Jake pick
it up gonna eat your head gonna eat your
head
I'm sure I'm sure could actually open
its mouth much lighter and then I got
the little Gator also smells bad yeah
what's it's a real Gator head that yeah
it's dead just got a back to the room
and I'm gonna finish up the ball here so
okay guys okay that's why I'm bad edges
okay guys that's what I always been
anyone's your voice on I don't know what
it was oh hey guys so that's all I
happier today yeah that's all happening
for today yeah yeah how's he doing
anyway this is very huh this is weird I
should start this over I'm not going to
stress over anyway guys I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I'll be ready for
some players live blogs cuz i'm running
plates live and i think it's gonna be so
yeah we're also gonna try to keep up
some stuff on snapchat so you guys can
follow me on snapchat just Alex Mandel
and Jake is keeping up on snapchat too i
already kind of announced him on my snap
this is just Jake jke the letter ends so
Jake n bake be a ke and then the number
80 Jake and bake 80 like 80 yeah you got
it you got it anyway see how we're both
gonna be snapping snapping snap chatting
anyway guys I hope you could just
enjoyed it and I will see you guys gonna
morrow goodbye hey Harvey Harvey you
ready to go buddy you ready to go I
don't want to leave you I don't wanna
leave you buddy
yeah get excited you ready to go I don't
want to leave yeah I don't want to leave
you
