hey guys it's me yeah I'm my name is
Alex in case you guys forgot hey mr.
Jake what's up so I'm really hungry
right now I just got back from the gym
i'm going to go we love i really want to
get signed to eat and i also have a big
announcement for some of you when i say
some of you and not all of you is
because I don't know if all you care
about this but I decided yesterday that
hey I want to go to play was life so I
just decided to get some tickets get to
flight and I'm gonna go to playlist live
and it's Jake's birthday weekend so
Jake's coming along I am yeah Jake's
going to playlist live too so for those
of you that are going to playlist live
you should come hang out with Jake and I
but I think it's gonna be good time cuz
I've never been to play this life and
apparently I mean I know VidCon of
VidCon a lot of fun so I'm hoping this
will be pretty crazy too and it's in
orlando right so how could it not be
amazing I just stopped off and got
Harvey some more dog food and because
well since I'm gonna go to play this
live I can't watch him so as much as I
would love to bring him I was like hi I
gotta go pick him up now take him to the
vet so they could watch him but they
loved him there oh they were like who's
calling what's a lot what's your license
in Mandela go are you bringing and
Harvey yes they excited he loves to go
there there's certain dogs that he plays
with every day so he has a good time and
yeah I just went to if you guys ever
want to get like good deals on dog food
I'm not just saying this because someone
told me too i'm just saying cuz they
always helped me out but I'm at a place
called got pet food but they have a
website if you go on the website got pet
food then
they have great deals on different kinds
of stuff and they always help me out
like i always get this food and it's so
expensive two bags today was going to
cost me like 80 bucks just like and
they're not the giant bags they're like
smaller but it's all his stomach can
handle and he was like hey do you get
this a lot because I see coming here
sink yeah I get a lot of you let me see
something so he checked he's like oh
wait you qualify for a free bag he's
like let me just help you out and get
you another bag oh my god thank you this
stuff gets expensive so they really help
you out here I'm happy to support it
because they keep my dog happy and
diarrhea free with this food so yeah but
anyway I'm gonna go pick up my little
boy and take him in so that they can
watch them hey Harvey Harvey you ready
to go buddy you ready to go I don't want
to leave you no one's easy buddy yeah
get excited you ready to go I don't want
to leave yeah I don't want to leave you
I'm back home now I went I should have
my parents stuff like that but I just
gotta say it's tough saying goodbye to
Harvey even though it's only for the
weekend there's just always that moment
that he's just like am I not going to
see I know that's probably not that
moment but at least it feels like
there's a moment all you dog lovers out
there know exactly what I'm saying when
you have your dog if you need to leave
him for a little him or her it's tough
it really is it's almost depressing just
to be like hey I'm just going to leave
you here for a little while luckily when
he went inside they're staying there
saying oh my God we're so excited to
have over the weekend and they were
plied with him and he was running around
and being excited at least is that if he
was dreading it and being like you know
just like sitting there trying to get
away it'd be harder at least he's he's
having fun and shows that he loves it so
that's good but now just uh I think
Jake's gonna come over again and we
might go out and just do something then
I gotta pack up get ready because I
gotta get
people play list live I am super excited
to go to Orlando and do that and see
some of you guys and just have a great
time looking forward to it mr. Jake just
got here hello Jake we're gonna have
ourselves a drink and then probably
gonna head down to bungalow check it out
see how it's going so wednesday night I
don't expect craziness but hopefully
it'll still be like a cool place to hang
out we're bored awake we're bored of
we're awake no yeah and then then we
still got to get ready for tomorrow but
cheers to cheers to a rocking hump day
yeah Oh AJ kit Woodford tonight that's
tough my friend
if you like
sorry my shudders I like it
the ratios like
set up
we're teaching sausages what we're two
yeah two sausages
pulsatilla underwater camera I can't eat
this point but that way I can show you a
bacon here since you saw there now fake
it eating shudders what do you do you do
anyway do you have a napkin on man oh
you rubbing your fingers out I got a
vegetable soup cup of it go ahead and
then it's yeah I gotta go home we gotta
wake up yeah like no neural and yeah
maybe I'll see ya I'm almost ready to go
I just packed up everything looks like a
little bit of a mess but that's just
because I always hate trying to like
fold up you know like button downs
because I don't want them to wrinkle so
I try to make them lay out as much as
possible and then have to go over a
little bit rest stuff is all good going
there left out is like toothbrush and
stuff and everything that's because I
need to brush my teeth still tonight and
tomorrow morning and then then I can
pack that I packed that away and get
going I'm excited I know Jake's
exciting's idea we're going to lay out
tomorrow I know we made a decision like
yesterday and we only planned the flight
and hotel this morning so this is so
freaking last minute it's unbelievable
but I totally looking forward to it just
have we're gonna have a great time I and
I'm happy to share it with you guys for
those you that I'm not going to be there
you can lead to experience it with us
because I will make sure to vlog every
down there don't worry I'm not going to
miss any well in there but uh we're
gonna good time okay guys well that's
all I got for you for today I know a lot
of you're probably wondering why I
missed some ideas of vlogging it had
nothing to do with you
or anything specific like in particular
I just sometimes I just need some time
to think and reevaluate what I'm doing
and and make sure that i'm heading down
a path that I want to and that a joy
that I like in that and I am I'm
definitely doing that just sometimes it
takes me some time to to really just
take a step back for a second and then
continue on that was my step back that's
not my excuse to you that's not any
excuse i'm just saying that's my
reasoning for for doing that but you
guys as you always do if i miss vlogs
you guys love to just hate hate hate no
matter what the first vlog is up after i
miss a few so i expect you guys to go
ahead and hate on this just because you
always do which is fine i'll put up with
it but for those of you that are true a
tumor's you understand I know you do
because even messaging me be like hey
you know whenever it is we're cool we're
just here waiting for you so for those
either did that thank you and let's just
continue to having a good time so i will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye i've
been reading your comments on the
YouTube video about my picture that I
posted on Instagram and you guys are
like how come you just didn't make that
your tinder picture well now very first
picture people see on my tinder yeah
that's my tender let's just watch these
matches pour it they're not gonna pour
it but you know what why not right would
you swipe right
