hey guys today I was crystal Jake with a
whiff of whiskey was with you not with
Ulysses wait where's the pace they smell
right here you gotta pay department then
we're going to komodo Komodos awesome
it's like Asian shit right indonesian
looks good notable he got a kimono
burrito
java tacos these are like notable
hustling jalapeno aioli all this
different stuff awesome amazing stuff
over here so you guys are out here
keyword venice right now right
technically no gasps you guys are out in
venice check out kimono it's definitely
order to try we're going to get grab
sunny right now I'm with the sister in
the cam yeah and the sister and the camp
I don't know what the noise that make it
we're going to shop house kitchen focus
it's like a Southeast Asian version of
chipotle except chipotle owns it so it's
cool I got myself a steak bowl check
this out
oh yeah focus focus okay yeah
at my apartment here we paid for like
really fast internet so that I can do
uploads and I'm at that the problem is
the routers we have freaking suck they
were here when got the place they're
outdated so we just went to apple store
picked up a new airport extreme so we're
going to put that in and see how good it
is if it needs to be extended farther
for the apartment or maybe upstairs then
we'll get the airport expresses but I
think this will make a huge difference
from what the crap we have right now
I've been reading your comments on the
YouTube video about my picture that I
posted on Instagram and you have to like
how come you just didn't make that your
tinder picture well now the very first
picture people see on my tinder yeah
that's my tender let's just watch these
matches pour it they're not gonna pour
it but you know what why not right would
you swipe right even though it's after
10pm I decided it's still a good time to
clean out my car possibly go and get a
car wash I don't know if I want to yet
but Desai at least some cleaning on my
car right now and I'm finding cool stuff
cuz a lot of stuff from just shooting
stuff videos throw stuff in the trunk
check this out this this has now become
a pretty popular thing online and it's
cool that I found it and now look at
this this shirt it's my stay in school
shirt from the flashing children prank
Romans channel i still have my stay in
school shirt and i always see that like
a little clip going around a little gift
or jiff depending on how technically
savvy you are going around and just
seeing me exposing and seeing the stay
in school thing that was like on the
front page of reddit like a few times
school but now i just have that shirt
it's a fun memory
I just finished cleaning everything out
of my car I had some all the stuff in
that trunk and cleaning on any little
scraps or anything i have everywhere
which wasn't a crazy about to take me
too long but now after i did all that
and I'm like I mean it looks pretty
clean but still he's a car wash maybe
not tonight cuz I should go to bed is it
gonna wake up somewhat early tomorrow so
I'm just gonna sleep maybe get a car
wash early the morning or something I'll
figure it out but for right now I'm
gonna go to bed I'm not ending it here
let's let's blog a little in the morning
it's now morning and Riley's up cuz
she's studying she's got to take a test
and she's eating cereal look is that
that's a big bowl you didn't fill the
bowl no do you eat cereal out of salad
bowls she does time to get my bad boy
clean
okay guys well I couldn't actually I
mean I I did pretty much most of the car
wash I didn't get to try all of it I
kind of tried like the windows a little
bit but if you can see the hood is still
a little wet I'm kind of kind of like
driving to try it and still able to
vacuum something anyway the reason why I
couldn't really finish is because i'm on
my way right now to union station which
is our train station because i love you
guys remember those you who are new you
wouldn't remember but in my new york
vlogs you remember macy Macy's coming
into town as well but that's not who I'm
picking up right now if you remember her
friend Tori who was with me when we were
shopping for some new clothes while I
was in New York she's coming in and
Macey has to work all day so I'm gonna
go pick up Tori cuz toys in town too and
then we're gonna hang out for the day
and then make she's going to meet up
with us later on hopefully for dinner or
maybe after but I'm gonna go down do
that and that's what I'm gonna end this
vlog because I don't want to continue on
a two-day vlog so I will end it here and
then we will get started on a new day
but I hope you guys enjoyed watching and
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye if those people who want to
follow me can't they don't think it's
funny or they don't understand my sense
of humor then they probably shouldn't be
following me anyway right so it's almost
like an Alex filter but for those who
don't have instagram i figured i would
stay in your eyes with me with the
picture so that's that's the picture
right there yeah pretty crazy right
