whereas Brookstone of course best list
comes with massages dreaming
he got the yeah I talked to my cameras
in those we just got back to my
apartment and I was looking and I
updated my snapchat Alex Mandel and they
have this new feature that you could
like just look at this icon and aim your
you aim your snapchat at that icon and
push tap the screen you could add that
person with snapchat and I said well how
do I post it on like I posted it to
Instagram then I was like wait a sec but
how do you how do you take it how do you
aim your own phone at your own phone so
all those people that are using their
phones to check Instagram can't can't do
that
but for you guys who are watching this
like on your computer if I aim this at
my phone like this now that it's gonna
focus now that it's focused you could
now pause it if you want to take out
your phone aim your snapchat that and
just tap the screen and that should work
I'm actually really curious to know if
that works I have no idea so I mean I
know it works to tap it Jake just tried
it but I wonder if you can do it through
my youtube video and still and still be
able to do it so let me know if that
works a few days ago I walked up to
Harvey while he was sit in the couch and
I was like hey Harvey high-five and
guess what he did it no one has ever
taught him how to high-five
that's just something he decided he
would do on his own and I thought okay
this is just something he's doing for
the hell of it but he does it over and
over again so now this is his new trick
that he taught himself come here Harvey
Hey look so let's show them ready sit
high-five good boy good boy where the
hell did that come from someone just
likes to give high fives
it's snack time
whoever would the only thing that would
be better is if if this was a giant
pickle I love John pickles
Jake Hart Zilla out on a walk you ready
buddy got that knot in there he's gone
for a walk now
go for a walk yeah you do buddy that's
so excited I picked up that leash oh
we're just getting back to our walk and
Harvey is so embarrassing to walk
because everyone loves him he's the runs
up to everyone he loves everybody but he
has a little case of excited diarrhea
which some dogs get I happened to Harvey
happens to be one and it's very normal
and unfortunately somewhat common for
certain dogs bull dogs being more prone
to it when they get very excited and
jump around and they go for a run
everything inside is bit and their first
food with a walk great second poop it's
a little mushy third poop it's like
coming out and they they pee and they
diarrhea and then I gotta clean the mess
up that's left that's disgusting I'm
about to clean that I know you guys
don't want to see that and I know you
guys hate me showing you that but that's
what I have to deal with right now
because when he goes on these walks he
gets it it's disgusting I apologize
again for shoddy you guys you know I'm
bored when really really weird shit
happens and I was like you know what I
want to post something very
controversial on Instagram but not like
controversial like race or religion or
anything that I figured I would just
post
a picture of me as as naked as I could
get to see you guys reaction because I
was like girl Unni text a friend and I
was like I'm posting this he's like oh
my god I can't believe you just said
that to me I was like well not only am i
sending to you I am posting it to the
world so I wanted to do that hell is
like let's let's just see how much hate
we can get haters gonna hate
and I'm not above it so I just posted it
and it's already like ding ding ding
ding ding comments like what the f are
you doing man what who took this picture
personal I have a self-timer on this
camera and I'm home alone so yeah but am
i regretting this picture probably will
tomorrow but right now I'm very proud of
it you guys go check it out and tell me
what you think well it's new day today
and I just got back from the gym and I
decided you know I've never I haven't
put up my YouTube play button that I got
what what what you want attention you
want attention too okay pretty good
there you go
I haven't put up my YouTube play button
so I decided to put it up next to my
sister's picture she put up of a man
with a sloth but you know it's finally
up it's very small on this giant white
wall it's a very small plaque for a very
big achievement but now I'm excited to
have this up finally because it's been
in the box and I've been thinking like
where do I put it but might as well put
it in like the front entranceway where
everyone walks in so they can they can
see the achievement that I'm very proud
of but uh yeah I'm excited for it I was
just looking at Instagram at that
picture I was talking about guys and woo
I haven't seen this much hate
and that's that's not actually bad I
kind of enjoy it because it's you guys
are commenting so much I've been
averaging like the my comments are
averaging solo lately oddly on Instagram
and this one's over like 230 comments
already now it may be hate but hey if
those people who hadn't followed me
can't they don't think it's funny or
they don't understand my sense of humor
then they probably shouldn't be
following me anyway right so it's almost
like an Alex filter but for those who
don't have Instagram I figured I would
stay in your eyes with me with the
picture so that's that's the picture
right there yeah pretty crazy right I
just decided what the hell I actually
when I was when I was working out I said
to my trainer I was like I posted a
crazy picture last night on Instagram
just to get people all riled up he's
like what like a dude photos like yeah
so just something I wanted to do cuz I
thought it was crazy and and it's
getting the response that I thought it
would and that's not necessarily a bad
thing so for those of you that stuck
around and thought it was funny then you
totally get my sense of humor and
understand me I'm on my way to Jake's
place now to pick him up and then we're
gonna go grab some lunch but I don't
want to keep just like flowing on this
vlog and not do a new one so I'm gonna
end this one here and then I'm going to
start today is so that I can get you two
guys some plums so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and let's just let's
just be all opinionated today but anyway
I I do hope you guys enjoyed it and I
enjoyed myself so
on that note I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
hello dad dad I'm waving to you are you
waving to me I'm waving
he was not actually wavy he's just
saying he's babying them with a camera
basically
that might be half true
when do I start
three two okay you're good
