hey guys it's a great day today why
because well I don't know yet but no are
you pick again every time I'm shooting
out here you just go and Pete whatever
he's a good PP boy yeah it's super nice
day out today except for that like whole
dark lair what the hell is that that
looks great see the ocean and everything
yeah very nice so I'm about to head out
with my sister to go meet with my
parents where new grabs I to eat so yeah
let's do that dinner with the family hi
hi
hello dad dad I'm waving to you are you
waiting to me I'm waving
he was not actually waving he's just
saying he's waving in there with a
camera base with
that might be half true
when do I start
32 okay you're good perfect i'm back at
my place now and it was kind of crappy
towards the end because my sister my
older sister Jackie she was
breastfeeding my niece Abby in the
corner of the restaurant and then she
realized when she came back a little bit
later that she said oh I left my phone
there so she went back there cillin had
already cleaned off the table and her
phone was gone now maybe someone picked
it up and collected it's fine she has
Find My iPhone on her on her thing but
when they use Find My iPhone someone it
said the phone was already turned off
which means someone took it and turned
it off because they know that you can't
use Find My iPhone anymore once you turn
it off so someone was an asshole and
stole my sister's phone that is bad that
is a no-no so unfortunately she's
probably gonna have to find new foam the
restaurant said they'll keep checking
but someone probably stolen anyway
that's just that's how it ended but I
still nice dinner the family always
enjoy that mr. Jake is here now Oh peace
peace on earth and in a finger to the
face what's up guys what's up guys uh
tonight's pretty chill it's a sunday so
you're not supposed to get wasted on a
sunday but it's always good to just
we're going to enjoy it no i said did i
say as you're not supposed to bring them
oh yeah no that's what i said we're not
we are not getting wasted we're just
enjoying a one drink and then we're
going to go check out there's a bar down
the street called bungalow we figure we
have our drink here so we don't need to
pay for their crazy excessive pricing
and then just kind of hang out and have
a chill night down there and see what's
going on on a Sunday night so cheers
Cheers
cheers to a good night wishes delicious
Oh basil hayden's very smooth I totally
failed really hard Jake's not very happy
with me right now we get to bungalow and
it's closed and I was like but they're
open seven days a week so looking I was
like oh yeah now I remember on Sundays
they're only open till ten and it's
ten-thirty so my fault but now Jake's
like I was in the mood to go out
somewhere and now you just ruin that for
us so we're trying to figure out
somewhat somewhere else to go talk about
something else to do well we couldn't
really find anything to do so we stopped
off at a little market thing they can
try out new drinks I mean I already
Jake's trying this one called Lennon
need what is it this way babe and I
gotta actually have had this before but
I really like it it's a coconut water
but it's pearl royal it's not even
focusing whatever but you pull on the
string on top to open it and then you
put this draw it and it's really good
we didn't end up driving anything we
found one bar that had like a good
amount of people there and they were
like ten dollars to get it but it's
Sunday ten dollars oh you're not coming
in yeah take it out like no not paying
ten bucks he wouldn't even let us look
in to see it was good it was just like
there's like a black curtain I did you
peek was it good sorry it's not ten
dollars were steam yeah technologist to
work in this I mean just to walk in
that's not even like like somebody a
band playing or something yeah hi I know
we went to the sushi place it's open
till midnight out here it's happy hour
sushi from nine to midnight but I cool
maybe we'll just stop off and get site
in there we walk in the doors are open
he goes ooh sorry guys we just had last
call cuz now it's 1130 so here little
late fail swingers swingers I guess I'm
not very hungry though we're back in my
place now and I was a total failure this
is a Sunday failure time yeah we did a
good walk but now you get a head home
what are you heading home he said I'd
home well maybe we'll do more tomorrow
we'll try it well attempt it is a monday
yeah well
okay you can do some work we could get
paid man get paid yeah okay guys well
there's not much I mean I went to bed
last night not really doing anything
because we kind of had it was like I
just got up hey it's Monday today for
all of us so I just got a drink video up
that you guys should definitely check
out i did with alex Mesabi you guys
about a good shot two drinks that this
one is the wasabi martini it was
actually pretty okay to sip it was it's
definitely an interesting during that I
do recommend don't chug it like we did
because it makes them feel not so great
but it's an interesting drink definitely
one that you should check out so that's
all my drinks Jana don't drink just put
that up so it so do i hope you guys
enjoyed watching this and I hope it
wasn't a failure for you or as much of a
failure for you as it was to experience
so I hope that you guys enjoyed and I
will see you guys again tomorrow you
like my lawyer is really small tamil it
without her
