hey guys how look at mr. Jake is here Oh
mr. Harvey when did you when you shut
you came over you came over you didn't
even tell me you didn't tell me you were
coming over Harvey
oh-ho Oh Harvey eats classes that since
then hey guys so how's it going we are
uh we're just hanging out here
Jake rode his bike here and it's hard to
get in a little dark outside so it's
already dark yeah yeah if you're
wondering why I started so late you
would see yesterday's vlog that I didn't
want to make yesterday's vlog too short
so I blogged the first part today and
I'm starting this but I think today is
going to be some good fun and I have a
friend's birthday party going to a
little bit later so I'm going to go
check out that and hang out over there
Jake and I have been also doing some
work on I know told you guys in the past
that Jake and I have a bartending
company that we actually go out to
events in our tent which even you guys
could hire us but uh ya know we have a
bartending company that we actually
bartend besides just doing my drinks
Channel and yes we're doing some work
for that and just getting some stuff set
up that we need to do but uh let's have
a good time
I'm just pulling up to my friend Kimmy's
house it's her birthday party and I'm
waiting on Brandon Brandon will be here
in a little bit with Hannah and then
we're gonna head on inside and and I
don't know how many people are gonna be
here or what to expect or anything but
we're just uh we're gonna hang out so uh
yeah that's um just just talked to
Brandon he's he's almost here mr.
Brandon
oh there's a there's a birthday thing
going on
we should go over there we just gotta be
an answer Brendan
yeah yeah I was kind of yeah you'd see
everything from here
or you say so right and what what you're
gonna say so Brandon no you just right
here in my in my eyes
yeah I'm just considering trying to make
the leap from here to 101 freeway so I
can I could go anywhere from there I can
go to San Francisco or like all the way
to you know where downtown LA even
Fresno
yeah go Fresno with the can you know No
Fresno's doors and it's a totally
different freeway yeah and I wouldn't
wanna go first no anyways I've been
there more for a country concert
I almost got beat up oh yeah you almost
got beat at well there's two Brandon I
took a I took a little girls market with
you Tom she always beat you up I mean
you can't fight a little girl so she
wants to kick your ass you better take
it yeah yeah you take it from a little
girl you think what yeah this is just
more like a melon I even just kind of
kicking it hanging out yes this is a
very very chill time you guys haven't
even realized you guys haven't seen hand
out a long time Hannah there you are I'm
getting really far because
I don't know how to say it nicely but
passing from gas and I didn't want to be
close it's lit its lit we have an
important announcement
well Oh what what we're great I'm gay no
yeah because he's gay what Hanna what do
you have herpes
not that you're gonna say penis I have a
penis no we're just joking we're not
breaking up I don't have her baby I'm
good we're good
well I have all of you above I was just
on a cruise to Mexico and I shared a
room with Alex yeah
I don't anyway Hanna what are you about
to do I'm about to have kids
well there's about Kimmi birthday girls
going to take a shot body shot off the
Hannah I did honey I don't know how to
do body shot everything you're not doing
when you're getting 1 1 D 1 first you
got to take off all your clothes
wait anyway this is pretty what are his
best friends Matt oh my god
wife in this house and then just going
to be his best friend's wife so they're
gonna say is America's best friend oh
wait Richmond outlets even beer Alex I
can't decide which one of us is going to
meet their future spies in this house
tonight you have just like here I think
alex is right to the right
she's looking away painting look away
from him it's really easy when you're me
anyway guys this is for your enjoyment
check this out
Jimmy yeah you have to take one over
right Tamino Sounders my buddy he made
this that's why you're gonna do it I
might go for it
oh she's asking
you get a new body shot over because
you're doing your breath cute is your
birthday
my lawyer is really small Tom after my
halfway sanitize your sanitize now by an
exfoliator but you're gonna blame the
ATM on
the whole idea that's the beginning of
this corner pull your camera HP yeah
that is you
I know sighs me yeah
that is 25 years ago 25 years ago 24
maybe I'm 25 in the 24 years I was one
not one there no that was like four okay
yeah that was like 22 years 21 where
regardless we knew each other way back
in the day yeah and here know how to
request
wait what's Hannah's request what's
yours I don't know I was trying to stop
everybody okay guys well that's pretty
much it
I didn't drink not even a drop tonight
yeah
Archie is proud I didn't have anything
so well that's also because I had to
drive and she told me I could crash
there but I got it I was like I'm not
going to leave mr. Harvey here and then
I have to brush back in the morning for
him so I got my responsibilities I got
to be back here and take care of my
little man so I had a good time I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and yeah
that's all I got for you so I will see
you guys again tomorrow
goodbye I'm at a pretty far distance now
maybe about five six feet so let's try
this over here see if this works
boom perfectly awesome I just love like
tinkering around little things yeah
