hey guys so today I just ended it like
yesterday's vlog like two seconds ago
but I i I'm gonna head out to go to an
audition to MTV should be a fun one
because it's an improv audition so kind
of looking forward to it and yeah then
start my morning and they come straight
back to go to the gym and right now I'm
just waiting on Harvey but Harvey is so
lazy in the morning just look at the way
he you like walk and no matter what even
if he's not all the way on the grass he
will just collapse and lay down what the
hell is he doing his leg is in a weird
position Harvey you look ridiculous you
look drunk get up mr. drunky get up mr.
junkie he's a lazy boy in the morning
well I just finished my audition and I
think well well I have a lot of fun
doing these improv auditions because
it's I mean that's ah it's more fun than
learning lines and just you know
speaking them acting them when i get to
actually like be more in the moment of
actually you know living out that
character because your improv a so it's
definitely more fun an enjoyable
audition and now i'm just gonna head
back but santa monica i got to take care
of my buddy mr. Harvey and then get
started on my day yeah Jake's coming
over now and he has something important
that he wants to talk to you guys about
so he's going to come over now and hang
out for a little bit he's not just
coming to say something but it's going
to hang out and yeah so huh it's pretty
important I guess so guess it's pretty
pretty important so yeah he's gonna be
here in a few minutes and then
you will clue you in on one of this okay
so now that Jake is here this is very
important because what had happened was
in my last cruise blog you guys noticed
I was a little drunk and said some stuff
regarding Jake that sparked a lot of
comments about I love hatred and and
mean comments towards Angela in
particular and you should clue them in
on just the situation uh so we had
already broken up and you know it's a my
own personal life but bottom line guys I
don't appreciate the cyberbullying and
the bashing has to stop she doesn't
deserve that at all and yeah bitches
bottom line it just needs to stop
because you're hurting people's feelings
she actually not to put her on blast but
she called Jake cry because of your
comments you guys got to realize that
even though you're just writing it on
the internet you are affecting real
people now if you want to write hatred
towards me totally fine totally signed
up for this you can call it fat called
whatever you want but you know my
friends this isn't their blog this is my
blog they happen to just be living in my
life with me so that's why I show them
and they start to sometimes say like oh
I don't know if I want to be in your
blog anymore because the people hate me
they're so mean I have to be like no
they don't just don't read the comments
because it's hard not to everyone reads
comments but uh Angela and everyone else
you know if you want if you have some
deep-seated hatred towards something go
ahead and hate on me you are welcome to
but please I'm asking you not to hate on
my friends and if you guys continue to
bash some of my friends in particular I
would be forced to ban you just because
I want to keep this a fun friendly
environment for everyone I want people
to keep coming around and my friends I
want them to to want to be on the vlog
so that's just something that I felt was
important and this it brought in the
situation because of Angela and you know
things happen in relationships they are
great and that you know they're still on
good terms but let's just yeah well
thanks 18 yeah just need to get that out
there damn check this out up here looks
nice and you can see the moon right
there damn are you peeing you are
totally peeing piss all over this view
I had plans to do stuff last night and
after Jake left and everything but they
fell through and because of that I
didn't really have much to do everyone
had plans I don't have too many friends
that I could go through the call so
instead I I went to bed early so I can
catch up on sleep which is great but
that's ha doesn't doesn't keep you guys
interested so I'm gonna let this vlog go
on a little longer so that i could give
you guys Oh blog rather than debt and
then I'll and then I'll cut this off and
we'll start a new vlog but uh guess the
Jake's coming over against this is
jake's x 2 and what is love he's coming
over and we're gonna go get some
breakfast
buddy you like looked up with the camera
didn't break fast but God has a lake
shit you are you boy why are you where
are you oh here you are yay oh oh
someone's excited he followed Jake over
there cuz Jake's gotta go destroy some
porcelain that bathroom so hard we went
to go check it out it's a stinky mess
stinky mess on that part of the house
while Jake's poopin I figured I would
tinker around with some toys and so I
took this one of these wooden skewers
yes and I wrapped a little taper on the
outside sub me a little bit thicker here
take a straw put it in there it's not
super thick because it's really hard but
it won't tip out by itself so now take
this and I think I could shoot this at a
banana let's see boom right that's
pretty cool I don't know how far we go
let's try it oh that one it pretty far
so let's let's see
load of this back up try it from a
farther distance so you can see the
distance is pretty far let's see boom
that's pretty cool sometimes it's fun
just to take your round and make myself
a little handy dandy schemer blow blow
good a distraught now I got to see like
if I can do it at like an extra far
distance let's see i'm at a pretty far
distance now made about 56 feet so let's
try this over here see if this works
boom perfectly awesome i just love like
tinkering around little things yeah how
is the poop are you seriously building
right now yeah it's great man yeah what
everybody poops did you ever do that but
I yeah I was like a popular books have
you guys read everybody poops or seen
the book there's a book called everyone
poops but if you guys didn't know
everybody poops anyway guys I'm an end
of year so that I continue blogging
further for the rest of the day you guys
an actual vlog so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye whoa oh it's
getting a little burnt
oh no it's not no I just brown at the
top I don't want to drop
watch entire me watch out Barbie
