hey guys I feel like this whole day is
going by because I went to the gym and
everything that got ready and then just
YouTube has been screwing with me all
day cuz I got to get up three videos you
know this is I'm talking about yesterday
now cuz you guys are watching this
tomorrow for me and yesterday for you
but because I had to do a regular vlog
cruise vlog and get a drink video out
which is great it's normally fine but
YouTube is like the uploads will let you
try a few times like even just the first
vlog something like four tries and it
uploads the whole thing and then goes
fail so now it's like what time is it
it's like five o'clock and I'm sitting
here still trying to get the last cruise
vlog up it's ridiculous I've been doing
this since like 12:30 yeah so I'm sorry
that they went up a little later
yesterday if you didn't know why that's
why the people on Twitter know cuz if
you guys don't follow me on Twitter
that's where I keep you guys updated on
things and when I'm uploading and what's
going on so if you don't I hate to plug
myself so much but it's really important
that you guys it can't be like where was
it if if I'm telling you but the only
way I could tell you is like on Twitter
or something like that so it's just Alex
and I know but yeah so there you'll see
me updating you guys but anyway still
gonna have a good time tonight hopefully
so well we always do we always do a
couple days ago my sister went on
Pinterest Pinterest right yeah she went
to Pinterest and she always finds like
recipes on there that she could try and
she found chicken that was called best
chicken in the world so she told me I'm
making the best chicken in the world I
said oh what is it she goes no that's
what it's called best best chicken in
the world so she's gonna make it again
tonight she preps like a bunch of them
so she could have them for
week or at least for a few days if I
don't eat a ball like a pig but she's
gonna make it tonight and I figured I'd
show you guys how she makes that because
it was seriously amazing and then I also
want to show you in case I'm just giving
you food suggestions right now but if
you guys like hummus which I really do
this brand we happen to get just to try
it and it was amazing like you always
see Sabra of installs stuff like that
but this one definitely want to get is
called majestic sprouted hummus it is
majestic as shit it's so good this one's
the cilantro jalapeno one but they have
different flavors of them and if you are
curious just go out and get it because
it's amazing we had that bombs I don't
know what store it would be for you if
you even have it but definitely what
worth trying
my sister is sending me to the store to
go buy or Dijon mustard we're making the
recipe four times three so whatever we
are adding you don't have to end that
much I'll probably add you have the link
to the recipe right okay I'm going to
put the link in the description just you
guys have it but I'm gonna warn you when
I first saw her making this I was like
oh at least two of these ingredients
together it sound weird and that is
because we have Dijon mustard and then
syrup we're using light maple syrup
syrup and Dijon mustard aren't usually
what I put together but hey it ended up
coming out great so we're making the
sauce right now while I was gone getting
that she actually did have enough to
make one serving so that's how much it
would make but now this will be doubled
recipe that's triple because she has to
make two more to make three yeah how
much is this so it's supposed to be a
half a cup
a whole cup whole cups make - yeah I can
get Dijon on my camera you might be
careful yeah
okay so there's a cup of the Dijon you
put that in right next up is the syrup
it's normally a quarter cup but we're
gonna do half because we're doublet
there we go
see it's weird mustard and syrup mmm
look so gross
yeah
I could smell the syrup it smells great
such a badass my city
hello Sara bull gravy yeah two
tablespoons of red wine vinegar
interesting maybe we should take off the
slope or where's that goodie okay but
you're already shaking it
don't shake your other hand and don't
laugh while you're doing it cuz you're
gonna shake it okay there we go all that
you can just pull it up
boom there we go the two tablespoons of
that and then is that pretty much it for
this off
oh that's it mix it together and then we
got to get out that um a chicken breast
so what it looks really nice actually
now it looks good
once you mix it looks good I can't
really blog the next process that I'm
gonna do she wants me to do it but I
can't really well maybe she can hold it
and show you she can I just got to cut
the chicken in half but lengthwise
because chicken breast comes really big
and I don't want to touch raw chicken
and this camera especially since at the
end of the vlog I put this camera in my
mouth so to do this you just take a fat
chicken breast
outside and then you're gonna slice it
down lengthwise this way I'm this is the
way it normally hold the knife I'm doing
this because I'm holding the chicken
breasts together because I already did
it so then it should look like this see
so these are two pieces of the chicken
breast cut so they're a lot so they're
regular size not super thick but
so that's how you do that I got to do it
to the rest of those we have bunch of
them and then once we do that we'll be
ready to sauce these bad boys yes that I
just did a killer job of slicing these
chickens in half so we are arranging all
this and then now you topped them all do
you want to use that or the grinding one
okay yeah we just salt and pepper them
right now
once you salt-and-pepper all the tops
you flip them over and you just salt and
pepper all the bottoms I like something
pepper on my bottom now the salt peppers
on both sides now we add the sauce go
for miss Riley lovely good oh good thing
we got extra yeah yeah it's not that hey
if you're not making a mess in the
kitchen you're not doing it right
this is hope we have enough sauce now I
think so now what do we what do we do we
just smear it on the chicken yes
you do that okay besides the chicken
guys it's my sister pleased with your
comments I hope we show her it makes her
feel so uncomfortable when you guys
write things about her and I'm like
someone said blah blah so yeah it's my
sister guys jeez it was actually really
bad
now do you flip them over that's a lot
of sauce yeah
so now you flip them all over and REE
massage the sauce on to your chicken and
then it's good for the oven so I just
have a pre-meeting yeah especially for
25 but our our oven doesn't go up by 5
only by tens even though most things are
like 375 for 25 also like that so we can
do my 10 so ours is at 4:30 but if you
do this it's supposed to be at 425 it's
all soft now with that it's saucy and it
says once it's all sauce but mix it and
everything top it with a little bit more
pepper so shake on some more pepper over
the top not too much just enough to put
it like a light coating over the whole
thing yeah and there you go
we'd pop in the oven for how long 35
minutes
well between 30 yeah oh yeah good logic
now I've hurt myself badly in the past
perfect
dammit touch the end no real
professional only do this if you're
professional it's good looks good so now
guys I didn't actually say 35 boom boom
it's done should rally yeah yeah you
want to take this you want to bring him
out I'll take that okay
whoa oh it's getting a little burnt
oh no it's not no I was just brown at
the top
watching Harvey watch Barbie
there we go oh sure yeah so that's what
it looks like guys kind of makes like
the sauce crusts on to the top so good
taste right and then at this point we
forgot to get it but at this point you
would sprinkle on some fresh rosemary
onto the top and make it look extra
thick and taste extra good yeah but
there you go
see that's the spot I was talking about
it's probably just really close to but
the rest is perfect so I'm happy to eat
this by the way there was extra brown
marks I'm showing you and stuff like
that that's not the chicken don't worry
the chicken is not burnt it's nothing's
actually burnt the sauce because it's
like a mustard sauce anyway Brown so
that's that's just part of the sauce it
doesn't make it taste bad or anything
it's how it's supposed to be so let's
get some chicken so now we're taking
that piece you take some extra sauce see
it just Browns just the top layer
underneath it's all soft but here you
coat the chicken again with some of that
extra sauce I can hear the saliva in
your mouth you can hear the saliva yeah
Oh cuz I want this yeah that's really
weird if you could hear that that's good
right mm-hmm
and then look at this one I have I just
want a little piece like this a
masterpiece like this yeah that's fine
oh it's just like fell apart and just
you don't even have to do it guys look
at this ready
ooh not even that sharp at night for
just president now that you've seen them
you know it is juicy to the max so this
is great chicken I just had some and it
is amazing look at this
ready normally it's hard to eat food one
hand that's right at this and just take
this split off mmm so good
it's my happy chicken dance okay guys
well I just got up and actually got a
head out - not the one that I went and
pitched before this is an audition for
something completely different
but yeah so so he's the same
this one's an improv audition which I
love I don't have to learn any lines
that I love just doing improv stuff so
I'm actually yeah we'll see we'll see
what happens but I didn't do too much
last night just kind of spent all day
trying to get those videos up you guys
saw how late they went up it's terrible
and then just kind of relaxing tonight
so I'm gonna end it here I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
pretty hard but that's why we got to
relax today more beer
Cheers
we're back in LA
