pretty hard but that's why we got to
relax today
or beer
Cheers
just hanging out
we're back in LA
damn
that it's so calm brenton I think this
is really romantic
no what no
you're looking mighty dapper Luke's just
lounging
today we just in ourselves a good dinner
yeah
our position
3:29 you're really hard to try to fend
that way I tried to do three the other
day
check out this food you got flatbread
barbecue chicken pot breath shaking yeah
that looks good I got cargo
these are these are my friends these are
the eight
keep talking to them
you can chow mein oh my god focus there
we go
Luke can I get another sexy face
today's animal I have a towel is not
even an animal it's a heart it might be
two swans but I think it's just a heart
like disappointed because there's a
hard-on like that yeah yeah yeah oh my
god and some woman in the other like
that they look the happy face when we
sang was it is that wet yeah yeah some
lady in the elevator as she was walking
out to started to stroke
Brandon's chest just like this Leah oh
you and I was like this yeah
and the children and the elevator were
like okay
and I didn't want to do anything because
she was bigger than me
Hey what since it's the last night on
this boat
we had one more unopened bottle of
bourbon
so we've been signed to drink that we've
been doing we're doing pretty well we're
gonna kill this bottle and then head out
on some more adventures for the night
cheers to all and to all a good night
yeah son must appease sipping up their
whiskey whiskey bourbon that is what's
up a mess yeah roofies we're gonna have
sex tonight whether you like it back
we're done we're not having sex offender
if he leaves skid marks in his underwear
well on the last night we are pretty
drunk right
but good truck oh I'm to the point I
mean I'm sobering up right now so
tomorrow morning's gonna be a okay for
me to get up
you wake up to two hours you know
get up
we're feeling okay it's pretty good
there were these girls of this ship I
gotta tell you guys three girls from the
OSI and they were so good weight and
really nice to something when I never
talked to them once I'm I'm taking no
actually that's exactly right
Brendan did never talk to them Jake and
I talked to them and Brandon gambled
while we were talking about well they
talked to other girls but I talked to
them because I needed friends because my
friends are do busy talking to the cute
girls from Orange County
yeah I was like I was like oh we just
gotta go up in time now let me tell you
guys I know you guys have I told you
this before but I'm super shy when it
comes to just like the approach I could
talk I love to talk clearly I'm trying
to yes but the actual approach is like
just to go up and say hey is tough
that's like these girls are so freaking
beautiful I need to calm it at least
just say I so we went up said hi they're
super nice talking to them for the scene
he's great but everyone's just tired
tonight because every was going to wake
up super early so we've had split off
Sheikh met some girls he's out with them
right now so I'm happy for him because
his birthday cruise so he'd better be
getting some but yeah we're just gonna
kick it now in their room for a little
bit cuz we've got like two hours we
gonna wake up man get off this boat we
yeah what just shots all about the girl
that wanted my boobs
I'm pretty sure I was gonna live long
every time I like what happened
yesterday yeah it's like yesterday when
I say yeah say yeah so that was it this
one it
oh wow you told them did you play movies
yeah I think we said that I don't know
yeah I think you did by the way this
girls playing present movies is she
she's also
how one oh yeah you know what we did
talking about it cuz she's she's bigger
than me and I'm a oh yeah we said that
said that's it
yes don't be me done I didn't lead you
said how heavy yeah brah
she's but it was China your watch WWF it
was China anyway yeah so we're just
gonna kick it hang out here and gotta
get up and regular vlog said again once
I'm back in LA so let's get ready for
that okay guys well I'm gonna end this
one here cuz we gotta pack up and get
out start up a new blog so I'm a little
bit hungover I need to get modified you
can play back bro
okay anybody John earlier I don't know
how long these like cruise vlogs have
been but it's really hard to keep track
because everything is kind of a mess
when you're on a cruise but I hope that
you guys have enjoyed these cruise bucks
and we'll go back to known vlogs
