hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
currently parked by Jessie's place
because that's where dennis is staying
and I'm picking up Dennis and we're
doing stuff today I don't know what
we're doing what we're doing stuff it
can be fun stuff you guys are coming
along with us so let's have ourselves a
good day like we always do hey your dad
we're gonna do stuff today I like to
shred the offers you can set if you
scare the person they display awesome
anyway we're gonna go ready for a road
trip to Calabasas we're going got my oh
shit handle bar
not my oh crap handle or what is good
you can take the doors off everything
else off now in order to put they'll
have nowhere to put it
I never said door without a formal key
there's no handle Neilsen I just keep I
don't even know if I have the right
place
I really don't did you check the address
oh yeah we are this right okay hi I was
like wait I don't even know if we're at
the right place
hi honey nope I thought this gate said
someone's coming through and I thought
it was the mole people announced like
toys and I'm like come hold people we
are the mold people people you just come
outside I'm eating McDonald if you want
digitate he has
the reason why I'm not I wasn't sure if
this is my sister's houses every time I
get used to where she lived she moved so
this is a business her newest house that
she lived in this is so nice
surprise I know anyway is this to
McDonald no okay
this is horses now oh this is really
nice what oh I feel it oh my god it's
like jacuzzi it's not even like pool
didn't be fun to jump in no like right
now it's hot out if you jump in it's
like oh my god oh sure no what was the
temperature set to 105 never done it is
like it's hot tub who sits there pool to
105 it's out for the hot summer session
Axl you shouldn't play with diapers only
weirdos play with diapers good sliding
together
hey Dennis you should take off axle
diaper right now put on your head yeah
yeah yeah it's got poop in it Abey Abey
when you coughed would you come on me or
else you cost
in actual face a so what are you doing
Abby look at what I brought just this is
this is the Mavic Pro say oh let us say
the dentist you want to take a look
around the area with the drill yeah we
go to sue the Cardassians are doing it
really want to put this in the window
and then have it on the show and they'll
be like oh my god that's always drones
up and you want to catch on
well now you're giving away your secret
takeoff trying to go
you
when
oh this thing's so cool
strong awesome how fast can you get to
go in sport mode I forgot what the fever
does it show you the speed on here you
have to show it on here oh yeah let's go
open sport mode yeah man when it goes in
sport mode that suck of those there's a
bird up there he said 38 David he played
for 40 40 40 Y Z 42 only got 45 more
inches when we were looking back Dennis
is hungry okay now sever in though I
told Dennis that at my parents house I
have these trail bikes and he was like
let's go
so I'm gonna show you how to start it
here so what you do is you first you got
to push this on button here this little
button yeah cuz on the kill switch then
you got to actually turn on the gas line
that's right nope what you're gonna have
to turn it on too but you turn on to the
gas lines on oh I guess yep and then
turn on the choke yes yep now you can
pull start it and then once it's running
for a bit we're going to turn the choke
off
now you can set the choke up yeah
there you go good to go
whoa
Dennis before you leave la you got to do
in and out you only get the quad the
Clio you the 4x4 the 4x4 I can do that
these did to fall right boys yeah we
consider some people on the phone yeah
wait Dennis you did I got the four box
more oh my god that is a lot of meat
Susan hello or frickin Patty's tell
people yet a lot of Rosie I just fit
that in your mouth I sent three on Dale
as a bike Jesus take a bite in yours and
Shamu Pacific there's yours
a lot meat and then mine
Jesus yeah oh so content with your food
look the wet-nosed like right panting -
yeah why won't we
Danis is about to head out he just
called his uber peace not only raging
Superman okay
okay I'm just gonna sit here and have a
barbecue but we just have dinner here
with Jessie Mundi room these big-ass
plantains suck dick Oh back home my
place now come here little guy our big
guy here you're pretty big did what did
he behave well Richard yeah you sure
good good
I'm going to miss Dennis Dennis is
heading back now and so we're just gonna
chill play some games have a relaxed
rest tonight but I had a good day today
and hope you guys enjoyed watching this
but that's all I got for you so on that
note I will see you guys again soon
goodbye so kill it man and there should
be eight people live right now in the
game well this right here
