hey guys its own you today and I've just
been sitting in editing crews vlog so
that I can have them up to you so you
can see another one while you're
watching this because I put up the first
one yesterday this one one for the
second day is very good definitely worth
your watch to go make sure to check that
out but um if it's not already up it
should already be a I don't know yet cuz
I'm just anything else but anyway so I'm
just hanging out with with this guy
right here hey hey hey alright and then
I'm just gonna have a relaxing relaxing
days martin luther king day today for me
for you yesterday so and for those of
you that aren't in the US it's not but
I'm just gonna hang out and do what
everyone to see what Jake's up to I just
got off the phone with Jake and he's a
little bit preoccupied with something at
the moment so my mom called she was like
come good dinner cuz my dad he's in
Miami right now doing his he does shows
us to stand up as well as TV work so
he's in Miami doing that so my mom is
not with my dad and so my sister and I
are going to go keep her company join
her for dinner and yeah so it'd be nice
I was gone for the weekend so it's good
to go see my mom and go get some dinner
when there's too much traffic on the
freeway too
take to go back to your baldness my
parents live you take to paint Canyon
which is this can it goes all the way
through the hills and everything but
it's cool is it has to go up and over
the hill to where the San Fernando
Valley is and so i'll show you the
awesome video that's at the top japan
canyon as you can see like the whole
valley they were coming up to it just a
little bit just a bit i'll show you it's
like we can see everything see hopefully
it's not too everything
yeah the whole valley
we're going to dinner in a place in
Woodland Hills called panini cafe it's
really good they got like what kind of
food is it Riley put like meta Theo's
because I like Mediterranean it's really
good it's it's good stuff so we're
meeting my mom here a little bit and my
sister's boyfriend cameras here too
ramin him hello hi hi hi
you got lamb you got what I got beef
koobideh and chicken chicken looks good
hot mom by the way yeah they got really
good here
now that I'm back at the apartment it's
time for Harvey to enjoy his dinner
you've already been eating good amount
of it haven't you look you're almost
done you know what's done i could see i
could see some of it on your bottom lip
how's it going buddy you want complaint
hi mr. Jake is gonna head over now
because we gotta shoot a drink video so
he's going to come over now and Jake and
I are gonna do video together and yeah i
think this this one that we're gonna
make if I'm if I'm correct mrs. it's a
classic it's definitely a morning
cocktail and but one of my favorites so
he's gonna come over soon and we're
gonna get that stuff and prep it up and
get it ready to go yeah i just finished
editing together the vlogs going up to
the second day and it's my favorite day
of the cruise was not that the third
one's not good i just because it's the
day we're in Mexico the blog is called
crazy in Mexico and I'm sure it's
already up because I'm it better because
i'm editing that before i'm ending this
better be but anyway mr. Jake is here so
mr. Lucas here I he's killing my dog
right now and we're gonna film a drink
videos so we're gonna get to it so that
I get that up you guys as well and yeah
get back on our normal grind nope I'm
hard for you good it so check out his
men in the camera today yeah hey last
time you saw him he was kind of jerkin
into his mouth on camera yeah I was I
mean on the drink video he was whatever
anyway let me shoot this let's do this
boy let's do this you boy your search
for you boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
we just finished filming the drink it
came out really great i'm excited about
it sigh if you guys don't know i used to
work as a bartender in a restaurant
called Paradise Cove in Malibu that was
one of the bar times ahead and they are
they make great drinks there so i made
one of the drinks that I used to make
there all the time all day so I'm gonna
make sure you guys check that out and
I'll just yeah yeah I guess we just tell
them what it is I don't care it's a
bloody mary I know they don't know how
to make it yeah but we already started
drinking ours and something obviously as
we drink it in the video but these are
pretty epic see their little less but
they're so good and I already ate the
olives and stuff but you should
definitely learn how to make it this way
they call it like they're famous bloody
marys because they taste great even jake
has actually never had one of their
bloody marys he knows how to make them
but he may I should make it this way the
way that they did there and he's like
I've had a lot of bad ones and this
one's great so it's definitely one of my
favorite ones i still use that recipe
because i love it so much so it's a good
one at that ok guys well that's all i
got for you for today i hope that you
guys enjoyed make sure you go check out
that a cruise blog crazy in Mexico
because definitely worth it and also i'm
going to put up the drink video as well
a little bit later on but if your watch
this later on and it's already out just
look out for it it's going to be the
bloody mary one of course and yeah so i
hope you guys enjoyed watching i enjoyed
living it and yeah so that's it i will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Oh
