hey guys look Oh God
Oh God we got our bags are packed ready
to go
hey mr. Jake oh you got bags and bags
and bags and we're off to go to the
cruise for the weekend to party and have
just a splendid time wasted which really
wants to get Wiis already we're walking
on the phone now hmm just don't rip off
the sign oh no no no no say again
okay again yeah I always jump outside of
cruise ships you know and then they have
to stop my brother cruise yeah first
time a cruise for you and Luke RV yeah
boom
awesome hey buddy hey and I got my bed
and we got keys and oh so hot and then
Jake and Luke are in the room directly
next us to this wall watch I bet y'all
get knocked back I see it shake you the
picture that boom boom boom yeah so we
just grabbed a little bit of food and we
gotta put our stuff down bags and then I
want to already start drinking I'm ready
on cruise ships they don't let you bring
your own alcohol because they want you
to buy their expensive fuckabish ways
around everyone you could like take a
listen bottle like a big blue one
emptied out if I can die a little bit
blue that's fine but what we did we went
one step further well you can bring on
Carnival cruise you can bring one 750
milliliter bottle of wine per person so
that's what we did except weary corked
and re I bought fresh corks a corker and
PVC shrink capsules this is tequila and
this is bourbon so we have these look
here open up the capsule yeah pull the
thing it looks some good though I know
it's such good yeah we did this a the
night it comes off we really pull the
top off looks like a real wine boat and
my cork and then we just uncork it
we got ourself our Bob we afford these
bottles we have two Bourbons and two
tequila's that's the way to do it you'll
be creative so when I'm Amazon bought
new corks but the PVC shrink capsules
that we did with a blow dryer you can
shrink them onto the bottle three and I
bought a corker so that I could take out
the old corks and then empty it cleaned
out put in new corks and I bought this
plastic corker that's like ten bucks
yeah I'm like MacGyver drink this is
like the MacGyver alcohol edition $2
bottle of wine yeah turn it into a
fantastic model whatever oh yeah
smothered bourbon yeah that's the way to
do it first drink of the cruise this
wine looks okay oh yeah that's wine you
know it's just very strong I think the
axon I put it through distiller yeah
it's like a yeah when how is it
oh it's good
it's actually really good what is it oh
it's finally loaded bourbon yes why so
Jake no you're coming too close too
close too close too close too close
out out out out you gonna make me drop
it
hey Brandon
you forgot it what are you going to stop
it I'm soaked I like some hitting each
other me just run it out no out stop
yeah we are moving
do you part I did oh I'm scared
wet dinner now and jaqen friend you're
really hungry today
yeah you enjoyed that interesting we
were gonna we were going to split one
peppers in between
what's that poopies in between I got
alligators printers either spicy
alligator you guys ain't seen a sexy
rabbit till you've seen that Chester oh
yeah
Chester look at that mmm ah rub that but
oh well your your face kind of looks
like a vagina so does yours
smile smile oh yeah sucking rabid-ass
since 1992 1989 forgotten forgotten
unborn 89 that's right
well it's like 3:00 in the morning 3:30
we finished at the casino week I
couldn't vlog scene I took out my camera
like you can't help in here there's it's
a girlie that bug dude has a horse away
now you feel good I've had like two
drinks
oh yeah yep just two
two two two and a half two now I had to
drill with it
you look like it - I'm dragging a long
time in jail enter these ridiculous
today was that room over here he's lost
and talking to everyone that went fast
he sees a lot fun today
now we gonna go down this hall wish
there's no talking in the hallway heiio
what fuck this ring why no no no we went
really far hmmm maybe if we were closer
to a room I'd let him do that but it's a
walk we belong in one it's a long
hallway be honest do not disturb anyway
we're gonna go back go to bed and
tomorrow night suppose tango racier I'm
not going to we're Mexican you arguing
I'm not any good
you owe me to hold your hair better tell
you what husband this guy's no no it
really just took his writing someone's
being sloppy anyway guys that's the end
of today it's his first day on the
cruise kind of getting set in having a
lot of fun tomorrow we're in Mexico I
don't know where he's going I remember
jumpin log this dude wearing boxers are
good well on that note guys I'm gonna
end it here and yeah I will see you guys
again tomorrow good bye over here oh oh
my god yeah baby baby oh my god oh he's
going nuts yeah
Harvester gonna pay Oh
