because we just got off the ship da
weird s it weird yeah we just got off
it's pretty early and trying to get back
to my place but we want to get maneuver
and there's no ubers in this area right
now we take a cab it's like more than
twice as expensive I want to do that so
I kind of sitting around and hoping that
new glue dry rot area and then we could
just like requested the fastest out the
awesome right now just sit and hanging
we're back at the partner down Oh Luke
you look so alive you're still my
passport flimsy it's an old boy it's not
one of the new ones I have an older
passport max from like 2006 yeah yeah
anyway no i'm not going to show that
because my passport numbers on it don't
you want to cover it mike gross as
greasy picking it up Lila's old-school
not it's let's go Alex oh yeah anyway
that's from 2006 and my sister told me
good news is that the vet that watch is
harder for me it is open today now they
started opening in Sunday's so I called
them and I'm gonna go pick up my fat
little boy mr. Harvey you gotta go pick
them up over here oh oh my god yeah baby
I'm like really oh my goodbye oh he's go
nuts yeah harvester gonna pay
the camera wouldn't even focus cuz he
was guy so crazy jumping around he gets
super excited when I come back right
buddy right buddy you happy you happy
boy oh you are dripping off your tongue
how do you like that he's dripping in my
car off his tongue they told me that
they just took him out to play outside
so he's pretty tired time to get this
big boy at home I know I've had such a
tough week because I literally just like
sat on the couch because I was so tired
for the weekend and like six hours later
I'm waking up and Harvey was sleeping
right next to me the whole time he was
he was tired out he wants to have a good
time with the bed yeah and i just texted
jake i was like we do for dinner he's
like I spoke up how do we do is a real
tired I don't know that was a like a
wreck after that weekend but I'm hungry
so I gotta go figure outside eat kiss
there's no food miss Barbara right now
jinkin I decided to go to say it's to a
market with
all these different foods yeah we get
Robin that's like
just one of us is pretty damn crazy I
know that's it but after both of us just
woke up
absolute I'm really
looks so good
is exactly what we need right now
this is my heaven come up here one come
up clap push push yes there you go there
you go okay guys well just totally went
a bit so early last night and had a good
sleep slept in pretty late now I got to
get to editing so I can get you guys
crews videos and this vlog and
everything and lalala so if you're
watching this I'm and there's not
another vlog up already I'm putting the
first cruise vlog and this one up so be
sure to look out for both and yeah so
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again tomorrow right
goodbye didn't bring that much when he
did that think about me freak that was
fine Jackie Tucker seconds
Matt dinner with my mother mom mother
mom hello hello to get this article fish
I did I got that sushi with the family
yes Riley it's long time
this does look good Dave lock him up
okay you know go ahead
Oh
but the
