hey guys so I last day before i go on my
cruise and I gotta take Harvey to the
vet they've watched him here they love
him he like sits out hangs out with them
all day well what are you excited you
know where you are he actually loves it
you excited buddy ya ready to go in
pretty good buddy ray going he he does
love it here and they love him when i
call it i was like i'm gonna like what's
your name Mandela oh who you bring it I
said Harvey and they said okay wait so
I'm excited he well he's excited I'm
excited for Cruz but I never likely my
guy even for a few days he I miss I miss
him when i do but um he's got to be
taken care of just got to my parents
house now and i'm excited to see my
little dogs here i've missed them i
don't see them that often so let's go
see them we are they I'm here me Bobby
hey hi koku hi Rhea hey hey Coco where's
Lola but here's amazing and Lola and may
see how you do amazing hello how are you
I know you guys don't like to hear sad
things but I just came here and I see
Macy and Macy is my sister died my older
sister the one that had my niece and she
had two dogs and they were like sisters
loved each other play around and one of
them two weeks ago got out and she my
brother-in-law went out saw her as he
saw her there was a car backing up
and unfortunately she didn't make it so
she passed away my sister was very upset
she was hysterical for a long time and
so now we we bring makes you didn't want
to eat this Doug didn't want to eat or
anything and she just kind of lays
around so we tried to bring her around
my other dogs here so she kind of places
them but when I just showed up she
wouldn't even eat her food from this
morning so we just put like chicken
pieces in her food to try to make her
want to eat it more so now she's eating
but even when I pick her up she just
kind of rests her head on my shoulder
she she watched it so she's really sad
she's just normally very crazy and runs
around she's just not not herself right
now he's sad Macy he said yeah so
hopefully she'll be you know back to her
self soon I hope but you know dogs do
get depressed too so she's kind of just
moping around at the moment it's really
sad to watch they didn't bring that much
when he did that I mean think about me
freaked out it was fine Jackie took him
seconds so
Matt dinner with my mother mom is it
mother mom hello hello did you get this
wonderful fish I did I got that sushi
with the family yes Riley it's long time
to keep in the back
this does look good day block him okay
you go ahead
before I go any further with this vlog
i'm home right now i have my important
announcement that I need to make and
it's not a bad thing so don't worry
about that but you guys know from when
you saw that I got Jake a cruise for his
birthday well tomorrow we go on that
cruise now that not only be like cool
it's going to be awesome blogs but will
be awesome vlogs the only problem is is
uploading vlogs it's not really an
option of mine on that cruise because we
have days we have like a day at sea and
everything that the internet on the ship
is I don't know if any of you guys have
been on a cruise ship and if you have
you know what I'm talking about it is
super super just a load a web site is
like 10 seconds and that's that's the
download speed upload speed is way
slower and you have to pay by the minute
and they don't have I checked on
unlimited Wi-Fi rate if they did I let
it upload for however lot doesn't matter
but they don't have that so I gotta pay
by the minute which is like 99 cents a
minute our side of that and it would
probably take me at least six to eight
hours to upload so that would be the
most expensive vlog I have ever done if
I start uploading vlogs on the ship that
being said i am going to vlog every day
of the ship I'm not missing we're doing
daily so I'm not going to miss a vlog
but just the upload times will be
different so when i get back i get back
sunday so it's only tomorrow 22 for me
thursday you watch this is now thursday
so i'm going to vote but uh come back
sunday and then that monday will be not
only a vlog from sunday but it'll also
double up on vlogs that i couldn't
upload a force you're going to get twice
the vlogs for the three days that I
can't upload so those vlogs will be
there those days are there I'm not going
to
put away my camera be like screw it i am
in a vlog but you're going to get double
blogs from these days when i started
money just for the three days so i hope
that you guys understand that i don't
want to spend like five hundred bucks to
upload of long that would be ridiculous
and even then it could take more than 10
hours what's up so i'm not going to do
that i'm not going to spend that crazy
money to try to do that I'm just gonna
do that monday i hope you guys
understand we're not missing days here
we're just getting them a little bit
delayed okay so with that being said i
have to get ready for this groups
because I haven't really packed on me so
let's let's get ready for it and I hope
you guys are excited because these balls
going to be awesome I'm so excited to go
on this it's going to be so much fun you
guys will be able to see it so time to
get ready I hate all this last minute
worrying about whether I packed
everything or not and then the stuff
that's not wash it's like it's getting
late not realizing that blue dryers are
all right anyway so I totally just took
a break in vlogging while you guys we're
watching to trying to drive never ever
done that anyway that was weird so i
would i'm getting a little too
comfortable with you guys clearly I'm
just like hey can you hold on one second
I have to do something now but I like
have my suitcase here but I have all my
clothes that I want on my bed but I
haven't
to yet because I'm like I need to see
everything out in front of me before I
do that it's just I feel like it's so
stressed I'm going to forget something
you can't tell me that when you travel
somewhere you don't get like you don't
get that feeling like I'm going to
forget sigh or I forgot something a lot
of the times I do forget something I'm
not packing much I mean it's for three
days but I have to like make sure I have
everything look if I took this out there
be everything would be black and like
graves up but i was like i should add
two colors so added two colors and like
even my bathing suit is gray except this
one my dad's like had just take it it's
kind of like mexico themed you're going
to mexico kinda it's not it's like a
poncho the thing whatever anyway but uh
so i'm going to take the two bathing
suits cuz i only own one so he gave me
another one just in case but you gotta
pack this stuff up and tired i want it i
want to go to bed and wake up and go on
a cruise that would be that would be
great it is going to be great okay guys
well i'm going to finish packing and do
everything i'm not gonna walk you
through every step of my packing
procedure because that's not interesting
at all but i hope you guys did enjoy
this vlog and i'm gonna have fun on this
trip so i hope you guys are excited to
see when the vlogs do come for you guys
because they will and yeah so get
excited still on friday or tomorrow for
you guys the drink video will go up
because that one already finished and
it's a scheduled upload so that i'll
upload well go and without me doing it
which is great I see you to you you are
awesome YouTube you know how to do cool
tool things anyway so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this and oh my god i
was gonna say i'll see you guys again
tomorrow but i will see you when I get
back from my trip and then we'll get
double vlogs for a few days yeah how
does that sound okay well
goodbye today stay behind your day
