hello I'm with Jake right now but also
meet Riley Kim and her friend Hannah's
from Seattle we're going to universal
studios today yeah um yeah we're gonna
we're gonna go on some rides and have
some fun but yeah we're just pulling
into parking right now parking cartridge
it's seventeen dollars just to park here
on a weekday hello be very ridiculous
slavery
it's like not packed here at all it's
perfect ending the look hopefully the
lines are too long in the park
today on your day only a ten-minute wait
only 10 minute wait and said
transformers write a zero way this is
like best time being
where's the hole
it's a great ride of a zero way holy
crap now Jurassic Park type of some
drastic parts when the river fall
through
and kites
your ass
you
that's definitely one of my favorite
rides rats a park I shows you guys as
much as I was I felt safe to show you
because in a lot of them the dinosaurs
squirt water not only the drop drops
right there and you get so but all
throughout the ride the dinosaurs like
squirt water you and I was like I'm not
going to risk getting water on this new
camera so I showed you but it's an
awesome guys
transformers transform ya this is also
inside yes this is an awesome rises site
about me like no life Kenny Parr some
price we refused about the fate of our
planet the common defeat of your own did
you simply complicated because they see
the leave all star I see the outside
source of pure animation power it's over
there make them stop they'll destroy
Earth
well transformice awesome and now we're
gonna we went around and I got a little
lower grabs at eight and our head out
time to leave universal goodbye
Universal Studios go to calm
yeah oh no I was recording she was like
I'm just gonna keep doing I'm not
getting a haircut today but I've decided
to join Jake and I grab a beer Lockheed
it's a haircut yeah yeah yeah I don't
have to but I was in his consciousness I
came along to hang out with church Jake
yeah i'm working on editing right now
cuz i'm putting up a drink video for
while you're seeing this the drink video
should already be up or if it's not up
it'll be up really soon but it should be
with brittany because it's wednesday and
so this drink is the classic Cosmo
that's like cosmopolitan everyone should
know how to make it school drink plus
you get to see Brittany so I'm set it
all up so don't go up and I gotta like
I'm trying to like it's 240 in the
morning right now and I want to get this
up and I gotta edit other drinks from
everything start to do a whole bunch
stuff because right now it's Wednesday
but for you guys well I guess for me too
because I was 240 the morning but on
Thursday morning if there's the early
afternoon I leave for my cruise the one
that I got Jake for his birthday present
on Christmas and guys remember that blog
yeah I got Jacob cruise so that starts
Thursday so uh you guys I will see me
tomorrow because I'm around to all
tomorrow still and then I go on the
groups but I I'll talk about that
tomorrow I'll explain how that'll work
because it will work i'll just let me
explain how it's going to work tomorrow
yeah but anyway i'm going to end this
here i had a fun day today universal and
hang it out and everything that I just
been trying to get everything sorted out
and done and this is
it's tough because I'm not gonna be able
to do this well God and I need this
drinks to club so anyway I'm gonna keep
working on this and I'm gonna end level
all right here and i hope you guys
enjoyed watching and i will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye so i am about to
shoot another drinks video with mr.
wasabi where we pulled out the same name
Alex Alex we're not even know who's who
or who's drinking what or who's making
water mixing of shaking or taking or
drinking or boring we're not gonna know
any of that it's just gonna be it's just
gonna be Alex's and then Brandon yeah
thanks for the intro man I appreciate
you and bread and you're gonna be there
with your hands and your beer about to
put your hands in your pockets
