hey guys so today I went to the gym in
the morning feel all good fresh showered
smell nice they smell nice and I
actually I just got to have a pitch
today for a TV show that I'm producing
and potentially hosting as well this is
one of my own projects that I've been
doing so today I'm pitching it to MTV
I've you know you pitched the different
networks and they're today and so I'm at
MTV's offices today gonna pitch it
hopefully it goes well we'll see fingers
crossed and yeah so always always good
time always trying to keep things moving
try to keep things working and yeah just
good time doing this so I'm going to
hopefully do this meeting I'll let you
guys know how I think it goes because I
haven't gone into the pitch yet so
afterward I'll let you guys know I'm on
my way back home now and the funny thing
is I realized I was talking about this
pitch to you guys and I just gave them
my my youtube channel so if you're
watching this you should buy this show
it's a good show I can't really say what
it is obviously because it's still in
the pitching process but yeah if you're
watching this
I think it what I think it went well
right did it go well if it went well you
should buy him but anyway I'm about to
head back now to meet up with my sister
and her friend I think she wanted to her
friends from out of town and she wanted
to go rent segways and go around like to
Venice so that's I think that'll be a
lot of fun and yeah so we're gonna go
probably do that I'm also pretty hungry
you want some food we'll see well we
were going to rent but it's a little too
late because they don't do our rentals
they do to our rentals and they closed
within the hour so it's kind of part of
a steak whatever I guess we'll go check
out the pier
and or the roller coaster yeah ticket
time I kept walking
pulling on me and everything
oh my god you can see the ocean you know
where else
you can also see it over there
so I'm about to shoot another drinks
video with mr. wasabi we pulled out the
same name Alex and Alex we're not even
know who's who or who's drinking what or
who's making water mixing or shaking or
taking and drinking or pouring we're not
gonna know any of that it's just gonna
be it's just gonna be Alex's and then
Brandon yeah thanks for the intro man I
appreciate you and Brandon you're gonna
be there with your hands and your beer
about to put your hands in your pockets
every time it goes to a wide shot of the
drinks and his hands fucking go good job
Brandon well it's not really hard for me
when we're gonna still shine yeah yeah a
little bit cool but my hands yeah
look I mean what he's really doing is he
made you make sure that the audio levels
are good nothing's cutting out or
anything like that because it would suck
to go later on to editing and check it
and it's all crap if you want to check
me out in a movement full action check
out the eggnog drink you made eggnog no
but I had all his filming skills but he
was in a drink video than what the one
called duck Clark yeah yeah exactly
we just finished making the drinks we
did a shot and a drink and the drink let
me just tell you I have a stomach ache
right now this is like in honor of Alex
wasabi this drink has wasabi paste you
could see the wasabi in there oh is how
do you feel
I don't know why we were like oh so
you'll see why in the video if you
actually want the drink don't worry it's
not as it's not that bad but it's okay
it's just don't chug it
exactly then he said don't chug it cuz
that don't ever check Vasavi that's
makes you feel gross
well mr. wasabi left the building mr.
Harvey's still here in full effect yes
and now we're hanging out on our phones
together
yeah well why did you bring your
streaker out here you asked me a
stranger you're right
I get this weird like you in the top
like middle part can you see it right
now I read that like thing no way
yeah the wave and so my Barbara is like
how do I get rid of that she's like well
you could try the hairdryer and I did
she's like oh you keep just like
straightening it'll go straight back now
we keep like trying to Train it so I
don't have a straight here but my sister
does she's gonna try it right yep yeah
so she's working on it now I have the
screen up so I could see I don't that's
not what I was what I was asking before
I tried what what is that people
actually gonna like this yeah this is
like okay boom like I was that still
have wax in it oh well she says she's
done now what do you guys think
good I asked her for help and my
sister's not known to be very helpful
person help her kappa hash damn it don't
show that on here Harvey's getting
jealous does yeah well I guess now gonna
go find myself a lady every night before
it's bedtime
Harvey disappears but he always goes to
the same place he's just a couch potato
look at this dog what you doing over
here boy oh you got your ball next to
you yeah well you ready to go to bed
yeah let's go God should we go
No
like I said freaking couch potato come
on buddy
oh I know I know I got the ball ah that
got you
oh yeah you ain't going anywhere without
this no we're not going down we're not
going down I'm going to bed
we're going to bed okay guys well it's
time for me to go to bed to tuck myself
in cuz I'm pretty tired had a good day
had some fun had lots of time shooting
drinks mr. Alex wasabi
except for that sabi drink it was a
little hard on my stomach but other than
that it was great and yeah so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I'll see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye
yeah you got that
