hey guys what's up waiting on your
answer Jake look at me like I'm an idiot
I hate like I've watched other vlogs to
people like what's up guys and I mean I
guess you could write your answer in the
comments but like I usually I don't even
starting a vlog is always like the most
awkward thing it's like hey guys it's a
new day of course it's a frickin new day
I've logged yesterday in today's a new
day how how should I start my vlogs what
are you what do you guys think it should
be like hey hello this size yes today's
is this is a really long really good
content yeah this is like primo content
right here so let me know what you how
should I start it I don't know maybe I
should like because I suck you guys in
at the end maybe I should just like and
then just say hey no anyway we're gonna
do stuff today it's time for us to go
get show 30 hello miss Angela ha ha ha
we're gonna go - we've never been to a
place called Santa Monica seafood it
supposed to be great seafood out here in
Santa Monica Cafe and seafood market
they sell fish there so we're gonna go
there and get something to eat hopefully
it's good
they sell sea shells fish sells all the
time yeah seashells she sells seashells
by the seashore there we go we're gonna
go to Santa Monica seafood
I put heart still in his room and we're
good to go
you ready to eat o angels time I'm
feeling some girl up so anyway we're
going to say what you see not sure what
that conversation was let's eat whoa
this is like it is a big place
do you hear everything I was just no I
didn't maybe they did well anyway this
all looks really good
I just gotta they got grab this
clam chowder
you got yourself a voice
somehow that is really good
yeah you got that these are Chipotle
swordfish sliders a Hawaiian sweet roll
yours is what you get
which is like a like a seafood stew
how's that
ridiculous
you can get a salted chocolate salted
caramel chocolate sandwich it like
molten chocolate lava cake stuff I can't
say all that stuff anyway they got a
amazing-looking carrot cake check this
out yeah it's always so interesting to
pass by like fire trucks and ambulances
and wonder what's happening but you
really don't want to get in their way
and that's why it's so much better when
things are going on you're like I'm so
curious but you can just stay in your
own apartment and check out all the
stuff that's going on down there
I don't know what's going on yet but I
see an ambulance and a fire truck they
brought out a stretcher I don't know
maybe someone has probably injured
something I also just realized that my
hat is not on so this is my my hat hair
pushing everything to one side cuz it's
my email loving self right now
now I got oh yeah oh oh
Riley's being hostile right now did you
enjoy your dinner we have better one
instead of my seafood amazingness oh but
how amazing was Santa Monica seafood
yeah you should you should look what's
going on outside
oh there's fish down it was just there
when I went to go oh there's no one else
outside there now and it's uh I don't
know I'm just sitting here with my
sister now and it's getting late so
things are winding down here we just
played a little bit of cards against
humanity and or recalled night suit and
I hope you guys are enjoying this so far
I know I am
okay before I go to bed I figured I
would get everything set for while
you're watching this now it's one day so
it's a time for a drink again and I did
the drink with Brian from whatever
channel so we did a very simple one
called the screwdriver Brian from
whatever that's on my drinks channel and
I know a lot of you are gonna be like
why would you do a screwdriver it's so
simple well a lot of you have been
asking you've been saying like you know
I love the drinks you're making but some
things are expensive or hard to find in
other countries or I wanted to show you
they're like what's just something
simple and cheap and easy go-to easy
go-to is oh it's just like a screwdriver
which is super simple and so if you go
drink cider you can check it out very
easy and barely cost anything and you'll
see exactly why I'm sure most you know
screwdriver anyway so go give it to love
check it out cuz that channel is a lot
of fun for me to do the drinks channel
that's like I know that some of your
like he just does it because easy no I
don't have to do that channel I don't
care to do it I would like I could do my
vlogs and really do that what I mean is
I do care to do it that's the only
reason I do it because I could do my
vlogs and do all the stuff but the bar
check think it's just so much fun for me
it's been like a fun hobby and and
everything so that's it that's something
that I've done on my vlog in the past
and now it's like cool and now I can do
it on a specific Channel so it's awesome
for me and hopefully you guys enjoy it
too so we can keep it going but I'm I'm
going off on tangents so we're gonna try
to say is I'm uploading this now
time to close it up everything's closing
well as I close up my place and I am
exhausted
and I need to sleep and I have to go to
the gym in the morning where's where's
mr. Harvey he's supposed to come to bed
too but I think he's hot Oh
Oh you come buddy you ain't go to bed
let's go let's go let's go buddy come on
it's time for bed it's time for bed it's
time for bed
oh you got goopy stuff dead goopy stuff
on his chin anyway we're gonna go to
sleep I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching and yeah that's all I got for
you so I'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
you guys know cuz she's responsible for
this that's my hair
just like Jake
