hey guys so today I woke up sick I am
sick and it doesn't feel good I've been
taking stuff to try to make sure I try
to catch early and not get really sick
but it's kind of Jake's fault because
jake has been sick and then my fault for
I was like well we could still hang out
while you're sick i just won't touch any
stuff you touch but it didn't work so
I'm sick he's sick we're both sick yeah
so now we're both sick he's gonna come
over and I don't know we'll just kind of
take it easy I apologized already ahead
of time if this vlog I don't know if
it's going to be full length or a little
bit shorter but if it is a little
shorter it's because I'm not trying to
go out today or do anything crazy
because I would like to get better
faster so I'm just going to take it easy
whatever I do today I do but uh I didn't
want to not give you a blog I don't want
to say I'm sick today I'm going to take
it easy no vlogging I'm gonna try to
give you as much as I can but uh not
feeling the greatest just a heads up
when I'm feeling under the weather I
liked
good so we get your getting french toast
but when you're sick yeah
water so that you can feel better yeah
it's like wild turkey that's a bit in
your pocket for actually yeah
it's so good yeah of course just chunky
okay yeah okay buddy you got french
toast we're gonna feel so good we're
gonna feel like champs what do you guys
do one day is that you're sick my days
consist of the video games turned on
your shirts ready Oh Jacob blood on his
shirt from a shaving accident this is
watching his shirt I am playing games
and Harvey's having a relaxing day on
the on the couch yeah yeah a new package
came in yeah and this time it's for
Harvey if you guys noticed Harvey has a
really chapped nosey like dries out here
let me show you I'm gonna focus there
you go see it's all like chapped right
here and stuff so I ordered him some
natural dog company smell sooo there
hopefully it says it shouldn't take long
at all you just apply once a day
sometimes I put on his nose and we'll
see how it looks hopefully this fixes
your dry nose problem buddy I don't know
I think it dries out because he licks
his nose so much but we'll see he's
excited you left side of this you know
it's okay i gotta like keep him steady
all right oh yeah probably
oh love it okay okay okay rum daddy oh
yeah you like that sir of little wart
it's like really it's like chapstick for
dogs yeah he actually likes this there
you go now don't look it up ah he's
gonna try and lick it off every time
it's just distracting willing okay
please login you got to put a guard up
in front of his face okay Harvey Harvey
all right stop doing that divot luckily
it's not bad for a four dogs when they
feel like it's made with all natural
substances it says it's not bad at all
but I just want to cook this on your
nose there we go there we go what no no
I licky no really let's see how it works
I'll just apply it a lot oh it's like
chapstick for her noses for dogs it says
it's good for humans to I don't know I
don't put this on my nose look better
than some soup well
so go out here sod tail with a bunch of
robbing places we're gonna get the wrong
man yeah
there's a lot there's a lot of people
out here and it's a good side though but
it was rated really well at Yelp so can
we check it out a lot of people waiting
oh yeah it's cash only so we should go
look for ATM while we're waiting and get
some cash but the ramen here is so
amazing you guys end up come down to
this area definitely check it out and so
good Alex forgot to vlog he had a
special way to eat it we have a separate
side of noodles I wasn't going to say
anything that hey I forgot again to go
my food before I ate it I just get so
excited about booze bring on the hate
comments yeah like I don't southern
forget about you is she said I love food
so like normally there would be noodles
that come with this and you actually dip
them in there's three stages you dip
them in this broth and after you finish
like a third of it or a half bit put
lime on it you finish it up and then you
put like this hot stuff in the broth and
you finish up the broadhead it's so good
yeah
how about that I'm still eating it but
this place is open til two a.m. every
night so if you guys want to get some
way back Robin this is the place to get
it it's over thee Harvey does those are
my feet probably those are my feet what
you do is your jack ryan shadow recruit
i'm in a onesie is it good it's it's got
four stores of it we're gonna watch a
movie on netflix this is a better one
Shelby's going to town I know she'll
them that the best part whoo 18 onesie
it's my 18 onesie hey Harvey I'm coming
to town it's cultural type harmony he
just wants to bite my toes right now
Harvey don't do that please look up look
up I'm coming you look over here look
over here okay okay guys well I ended up
just going to bed after the movie last
night slept in pretty late today and
still I feel a little bit better
actually than yesterday but we'll see
we'll see I'm just trying to get over
this as quick as possible so I feel
better and I can gotten do some fun
things but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
ha
trying to pick the perfect spot to go
shoot the video we do it and just kind
of looking around right now
