hey guys it's a new day today and Brian
need shoes but he doesn't carry shoes
with him where he goes he only stores
them in his car yes but we're about to
head to lunch we're gonna go get
Benihana
we want to go last night there was like
an hour wait so we're gonna go to
bedding on right now and then we're
shooting a prank for whatever so that
would be fun so that's what we're doing
today
Oh
you're not singing
yeah
apparently it's my birthday
because Brian made it to my birthday
yeah thank you but we got free ice cream
she was like you're asking for the table
because it's your birthday I'm like
thank you
and the guy gives a holiday 20-25
apparently I just turned 25
trying to pick the perfect spot to go
shoot the video ever do it and just kind
of looking around right now
we're back at my place now and I'm just
setting up everything cuz I'm gonna do a
drink Oh is he yes how come he did yeah
you know why me
oh let's do now he over from behind was
it doing well he's easy on camera really
catch you anyway yeah so we're gonna do
a drink and in the fashion of the
whatever channel we're using orange
orange juice now orange juice is
somewhat yellow but orange he is just
going nuts he really wants to hop Brian
okay well we just finished that drink
and it was good I'm not gonna give you
too much cuz you're gonna see it very
soon but he's leaving now see you guys a
heartbeat
are you done humping is back my back
here yeah he's just trying to tacky it
can you explain why you're here and over
here Scott's here but he just likes me
well now all the studies on camera look
at who he goes to you just got dissed by
Harvey now the Harvey has been loving
Brian he just follows him everywhere no
I think it's my smell yeah dogs like a
certain scent
yeah they know who they have like the
most chance with right yeah yeah okay
well it's it's been fun yeah well we'll
do this again sometime sanctuary should
we hug it out or is just with your entry
no no no none of that that was okay okay
well okay well now it's time to get a
haircut I need to cut off the sides and
fix it up some bath go see mr. cherished
love going into the barbershop oh
there's a car coming at me live died
yeah and I think maybe Luke might be
here Jake's brother
and we'll see he's supposedly getting
his haircut - oh you guys is just
hanging out now yeah I'm a little bit
late it's a game and I couldn't watch
this out before I can't work like I'm
back home now and I'm loving this this
do you
I love how short it is on the side now I
get it extra short on the sides like she
cuts it and then I'm usually like let's
go a little shorter
I go super short because my hair grows
super fast in like a week it'll be
almost back to what it was week and a
half and then that's why I got to get a
cut like almost every two weeks but I
love this like undercut where it's like
you know so much longer on top pretty
cool sorry if you notice my eyes are
going up it's because so that I could
see this I have my my screen flipped up
on my camera so I'd keep like looking up
now look at you now locate myself or you
myself
but yeah so that you guys could see what
I'm talking about there's you we got
this screen flip double okay
let's put it down so that I don't get
distracted by myself but anyway thank
you cherish love always love my haircut
she does good she gives me exactly what
I want so I'm very happy now but you
usually like to like clean up my neck
area and stuff and I use this like
handy-dandy little tool because it's
super quick I don't need to actually
like shave it be
that's he what if I totally take them
off I use a regular razor and do my
craziness but this little thing just a
little like a vibrator a razor thing he
does like take up everything makes it to
clean like wine here super easy but
cleans are damn clean like in here and
all
these lines again I just gotta maintain
stay groomed be be as sexy as possible
because that's art that's so we need to
do guys all of us just need to be as
sexy as we can it's tough it's really
tough sometimes at night sometimes
Harvey gets openness hey Harvey yeah
whoa you're gonna make them dizzy man ah
yeah buddy
those spurts of energy don't last long
though hi Harvey he he is like quick
spurts of energy and then he that he's
done he said that he's happy dog happy
dog you happy dog you happy you happy
little man
okay guys what oh my god for you for
today I'm pretty exhausted time for bed
so I'm gonna go to bed now I hope you
guys enjoyed watching today I had a lot
of fun shooting drink videos I did
another video for whatever channel make
sure you check that out and yeah well
you can't really check that out right
now cuz that drink is not up I'll let
I'll let you know when it's up trust me
I will let you know what I gotta trim
these those moustache hairs and I can't
write lift that's what I forgot to do
I'm gonna go do that now and then I'm
going to bed yeah yeah yeah true my
moustache hairs for bed what do you do
okay
well that's it I am I'm spent so I will
see you guys good tomorrow good bye
