hey guys new day today and there's
someone very special already here
Oh such a good throw at me doctor to me
you guys
yeah do you think and guess who it is
little boy I mean that's pretty easy for
me I think it's easy
oh you know I think they have to know
who is it you guys be honest and be who
do you think it is comment below what if
your name is in the title I don't even
know what I'm titling okay we'll do the
dumbbell mystery mystery man
my new mystery really question like I
guess introducing my mystery man I'm
gonna do a face reveal right here of my
mystery man you would you got me a tree
dino country that is marijuana trees no
one night nope it's autumn it's a money
tree that's actually what it's called
yeah everybody wants the money tree I
know okay tell you what
oh I have seeds looking in battery packs
that could only be one thing that we're
getting ready for why lot through so
just the most interesting livestreams
ever because we're going to grep watch
but if you guys don't know Dennis does
twitch as well to guys could check him
out it's just Dennis Roady on their
twitch.tv slash Dennis Roady but we're
doing some code streams together so
we're gonna go hang out some of the time
will be on my stream sometimes on his if
you guys are watching this now you
already missed it but it's still other
they get safe to the twitch channel you
guys can watch it and I brought it for
you
what is it it's the stuff ready
discussed whoa
I got him dude don't let the Secret
Service know without my hair and big old
chin what is that Trump wanna make
America great again I'll tell you what
it's about her back what are you doing
I'm following believer what are you
doing hey nice I was just like that boy
studies over oh you get it someone yeah
don't want to stand out yeah yeah
everyone black zone for the silver one I
like my black one yeah I like they say
what's the whatever that I don't yeah I
say this yes I got the tweeted silver
some lunch date good I know G but with
life look at this a team cheers to that
whoa since the restaurant may be open
like we can have two weeks ago I'm
already but try some of it real good
yeah burger don't uh this egg on yours
this is happy I don't know I know you
guys surprising it you got a burger an
Italian place he says he said I was look
at the menu and I was absent
recommendations because I'm telling you
what sounds for you to get a burger
Italian place but it's done with an
Italian style
he was like you gotta try it at least
once so I love a good burger quiet
classy and here's my what yo what's on
this table loses crispy potato
that good I am currently watching Dennis
stream some games on Twitch he's
dreaming a play right now battlegrounds
check this out
there is I'm on his twitch channel wait
a second we have to follow this
Mandela's work Tommy
no I need help
I need a lovely backpack I'm over here
in the kitchen I could just sit over
there and watch him but I'm just in the
kitchen watching on my laptop I like the
experience of watching it on Twitch and
that he'll
shut up kill it man and there should be
eight people alive right now in the game
I also just realized that I stood right
in front of his face and I popped it
which is somewhat of a fail but
obviously I can't just like retake that
but we got it it's hard to get it he's
always getting me so I feel good about
that one actually we did have a second
camera rolling because he is streaming
right now so here's the footage from his
dream I got you good young more anything
down here we just made a stop in puzzles
ooo puzzles do actually they fell
mouthguard challenge over that but I've
been so cool with the guys who own it
and work there and everything that was
going there they asked if I own a fidget
spinner sugandha finished it I don't own
any I've never owned one I haven't sold
one I you know
just never got into by one they were
like well then you should take one of
these so I have my first alright I'm
gonna go and pick this one because I
love you can tell and make these crazy
reflections with the lights around
really sick cool I'm excited about this
with the type of people that ordered
Lourdes at a bar
oh yeah Appa who often orders booze at a
bar you tell me where else you get a
smaller bar I would like to know in the
comments below
a system early before this spot but some
says it's and blows my fellow what wait
will you do it you're gonna wrote the
whole thing have you never made a s'more
you only wrote the marshmallow no here
we go need to stock early the hot
marshmallow goes on it has this day is
gonna melt
I shouldn't let you do that I like my
burn
Jesus oh my god it's gonna fly off the
thing we don't all know that you told
her that
yeah
let's let the drug people admire a
marshmallow you're just burning six now
Eddie give me fire this is the only bar
that has fired at the butter a pair of
ideals alike yes I do
let's drum people tires do you want a
spark
do you want more like getting like like
toasted like that but that's okay
and all communication
this is the life a Christmas the best
way to make more chocolate yeah okay
let's see if this actually works well
ask you to watch I've never put the
chocolate on the stick we want the
tropiclean open I'll use you wait for
the marshmallow melt it melt it melted
no it's up to the chocolate yeah more
hat we are into the next day now I got
to show you guys my place is currently
I'm Stevie stepping over stuff because
there's bags all over here there's cases
everywhere that's because I have a
visitor here this is my cousin Ethan
hello he's in a band he's a bad guy
that's him what's your band's name
please please where could they find you
he can find us on YouTube and iTunes and
Spotify where you may know him from is
they actually did a parody video of
alt-j and he was eating rice cakes that
is me yeah so if you look up at all J
parody and he's just eating rice cakes
the whole time that's their video got
millions of views so probably a lot of
you have seen it but anyway that's an
ending here because they're touring
around all of us and parts of Canada so
one of their stops they're staying here
which is cool when the skateboard comes
out Harvey loves to stand on it let's
give him a little push oh how are you
going to crash don't crash in that
you're going backwards what I want you
to crash though Harvey what if we both
try to skateboard on it you want to try
that we've never done that yeah second I
got
control oh honey that's good good day
the speaker okay oh nice country life
yeah your boy Oh
Hardwick oh good oh good mix it up Tama
high five back Thanks that is all I got
for you guys today so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon
goodbye there we go
circle dad
