hey guys it's a new day mr. Jake is here
Wow and he just helped me out i had to
film an audition to send in a taped
audition for a TV show role i would show
you guys that but obviously the lines
that they have me do are confidential on
their end so i can't show anything i
have to do for that but i just finished
that so now Jake and I are hungry and
we're gonna go get something to eat yeah
buddy
hello so we're at a place called in
fusion cafe I've never been here it's
like kind of like bits and wilshire out
here that would Jake about it so we're
getting food from here and we're sitting
outside and I have Sun in my face good
thing jake has sunglasses so that I
could face the Sun and I got us so
coconut water yeah coconut waters my
shit that I'm really hungry and the food
is taking a little bit and then we're
inside so that I don't have my eyes
that's pretty funny it was except I
think like my face is a red I feel like
I was getting burned i'm just
complaining
they have an ice-skating rink in here
instead of Monica right there it's
outdoor it's not endure my guys at
tiryns awesome what it was like Tiger
interior in his car anyway they have an
outdoor ice skating rink here in Santa
Monica it's 75 degrees and it's like
really warm when it's like hot on my
face and people are ice skating at the
bill to keep that cold crazy
I'm putting up a drink video right now
because it's Wednesday and it's time for
a drink video with Brittany so I'm
putting it up right now and a lot of you
guys have been you know I have my
brother-in-law song in the intro and I
was like well maybe I should have a
different song like playing throughout
the video and his song the intro so I
changed up a lot of you even given notes
about that and giving your thoughts so
it kind of gave it like this cool upbeat
kind of loungy sort of funky feel a
little bit porn music you know what it
is so go to the drinks channel let me
know what you think I'll give you a
little preview right here because I'm
cutting it together so let me just it's
halfway through this intra let's see
check this out hey my friend Brittany hi
I was really make it a really good drink
I'm sure you guys have heard up it is
called them up kido it's called a mojito
but yeah hold on oh you know there are
many variations of what you can do with
a mojito but we're gonna give me the
simple basic just foundation that funky
self fresh music so yeah I think that
that's like upbeat and makes it more it
makes move along faster and I like it so
you guys let me know what you think of
that go check out the drinks channel to
give that some love as well and I'm when
I'm gonna start exporting this and
putting it up right now what's wrong
your bathroom
what's all this foamy stuff in it
oh it's not going down it's not going
down
toilet bracket
there's nothing in it but took us I
don't good if it's all this I don't know
how to fix your toilet maybe we need to
get some like we tried plunging it by
the way that's not working either Jake
just left and I gotta head out I'm gonna
go to the gym I actually had to make my
gym a lil later today so that I can go
to that I could go to do my I mean so I
could do my auditions I could tape it
now before I leave I'm kind of a little
bit rushed but like a backpack before i
go i'm going to take this tripod and i'm
going to bring it up on the roof and i'm
going to put this camera on it and i'm
going to while i'm gone set it to the
time-lapse feature and i want to check
out and see what cool time lapse time
lapse we can get of the sunset so i
think you'll be pretty awesome hopefully
would be pretty cool and I won't know
until I get back from the gym so fingers
crossed ok let's bring this up it's
hooked onto the tripod right now so it's
pretty hard to maneuver god oh let me in
everything take this over here maybe no
not up here I hear me
this I think with the tree there there
we go it won't be that great because
won't be that great because why because
the clouds are blocking the Sun so it's
not going to be that epic but I think it
should be so cool hopefully this turns
out awesome
I just got back from the gym looks like
Brian's right here do ya are you back
here yeah yeah he is a lot to say but
that turned out awesome that time lapse
the only thing that that kills me about
it is tonight in santa monica is kind of
cloudy sonos thought it would have been
cool to see the transition of ya see
this transition of the sunset into the
stars coming out so we'll try not
different night as well then I know be
cleared you can see the stars but I
still think I was so awesome that cool
like red color that comes through that
was no say so but that's a cool feature
that I have on this camera that we can
do now so i'll try that different places
maybe even try to get city shots of like
cool cars moving stuff like that we can
play around with that but that was just
some of you commented try the time lapse
pictures so i did it because you guys
want to see that and it was it turned
out awesome so i'll be doing that again
and it actually didn't take up that much
battery so it's perfect but i think
we're gonna head to dinner he's really
hungry i'm really hungry i'm soaked
because i just got back from the gym so
I gotta take a shower and then we're
gonna head out grab signing eat yeah
buddy burger time
yeah chew it so good let me see yourself
grandpa's bounced out burger Kim said
Hanukkah
time to get burgers
now it's starting to clear up start to
see the stars why couldn't it clear up a
little bit before I mean it still kind
of cloudy but still well we'll try the
time lapse another night okay guys well
everyone's going to bed and I'm actually
exhausted I need to go to sleep right
now so I'm gonna head to bed J quit home
Brian Scout are in Narnia and yeah i'm
just i'm going to call a night I am I am
pooped I am pooping and toilet I'm poop
out of a but toilet you just flushed so
I'm ready to go down but anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed watching today I
thought that that time lapse was frickin
awesome let me know what you think about
that but uh yeah that's what I Saul I
got for you so I guess I'll just go to
bed wake up and see you guys again
tomorrow right yeah what's it called
again through the Place de what you want
no indeed yeah
what dollar tacos you running late you
can we need a force of bucks cuts are ya
