hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
heading over to jake's place right now i
just got done at the gym we're gonna go
grab sign eat and he showed me this
really cool restaurant I'm not really
cool but really good restaurant called
flake in Venice we have the sandwich
called the super crow Joe which is like
egg croissant sandwich is so good but
anyway I'm gonna head over there and do
that I saw some of your comments you
guys a loving the quality of this new
camera I saw that some of you said and I
didn't know this till the editing
actually that the audio cut out a few
times not cut out but like went low and
you guys were saying I was covering the
mic I don't hold the camera on top I
hold it on the side so there's no one's
coming the mic I realized some nicer
cameras have wind cut filters and what
that does is if it starts to like get
really windy or something if I'm filming
it'll automatically a like cut the audio
down so that you're not just going to
hear shhh the whole time and that's
great for most people because most
people don't talk to their cameras every
day like I do and every other longer so
I just turned off that feature and
hopefully that solves that problem and
it won't go low audio again but other
than that I'm I'm in love with this
camera I mean I still haven't even with
that feature that features awesome if I
want to go film like you know cool beach
things or any night that then it's good
to have that on but overall it's great
just no sorry sorry wait i know i'm just
trying to get around you try to get
ready
looks so good yeah if you guys are ever
out here in Venice definitely try that
that's the super crow Joe that sandwich
place called flake just stop so good and
we also had they make banana bread there
and you can get it toasted and buttered
I sound like a fat ass right now but
it's okay i just did like a really
hardcore workouts I kind of just what
are you looking at just found this kind
of Buddha I think it used to have a
light but it's broken up oh ok I'll look
him right there but yeah it's a sucker
so walking back to you a Jake's place
now that I gotta go make sure I put up a
drink video cuz it's Monday and that
drink video teen squad Jake what do you
do I'm watching Oh walk you watching my
vlog watch yeah he keeps up with the
vlogs as well he always watches them and
his favorite thing is reading your
comments because he's like oh my God
look at this one and he sends me that
too which is why even though I read them
anyway and then I just put up a focus
yourself there we go I just put up the
refresher with Roman Atwood yeah a lot
of you probably already seen it now
because this is going up tomorrow and I
just put that up now here but it's a
funny one because Roman likes to make
cucumber penises if you watch you'll see
what I mean where are we Jake
what would it would like Japanese market
no is it Venice is it's in wanaka zit
where they can clean mar vista los
angeles well anyway it's a japanese
market in a mall is like cool stuff
nothing in english but that's what makes
it more fun is the mystery and you never
know what you're going to buy except i
chew
I i was looking at a bunch of other
stuff and there I don't know if you guys
have ever had like dim sum but I love
shumai and they have some frozen through
my butt but I like to see all this like
crazy candies and things I've never seen
and then in the ice cream section that
ho Chi which is a shit but we're just
looking around in gonna look for some
interesting stuff look fish almond all
your honor condos are they good fish in
almonds about these little time they get
richer aki sauce yeah Richard had that
is all like different
interesting
oreo what it's a lot more e 0 to 0 so
weird I kind of want to get like one of
the little fish things and try the pitch
that's also interesting yeah they're
really though they're good a little fish
yet really feel like we should get
enough new fish ovens just smell just
smell it now here comes not just smell
come smell it not right go well it's
fish let's go to look at that
additional ins
things like
fessional
was it it's really not it's not good
watermelon can you oh my god that smells
horrible you smell the fish though yeah
dude now you got traveling oh my god I
can smell it from here I know if I've
had some of these little fishy guys with
yeah I've had been warned there okay
just pour some into him let me see you
oh yeah throw that all in your mouth
it's not the best though it's not
terrible it's not terrible or else I
wouldn't just swallowed it but all right
it's I'm not gonna buy it no what you
looking at what are you looking at buddy
hey
what you're looking at
what you looking at
Oh game face on one thing I realized I
don't use enough is my Twitter and
recently the last few days actually
since I was went the night that I got
locked out of my apartment the blog
that's called worst night I started
using my Twitter get really interact I
was like you know what school is like
this isn't just a platform for me to
have numbers and try to grow it for no
reason throughout the day I could
actually not interact and it's so much
more fun so like I've been sitting here
just trying to talk with as many of you
as possible and responding to all your
questions and every day that so if you
guys want to talk to me throughout the
day I think Twitter is a great place for
you guys just to to go on and message me
throughout the day and I will keep you
know every time I free second I'll go on
it and i'll try to answer as many of you
as possible because i think that that's
a great great platform for us to to
interact because this i post i vlog all
day and then you don't see till next day
that way on twitter we can we could talk
about things all day as long as well as
snapchat snapchats the same thing but I
don't know we snap and I don't always
tweet but sometimes I tweet sometimes I
snap sometimes I snap and don't tweet
and sometimes they don't snap so how
about we just use everything it's just
out at Alex Mandel for everything easy
as that
someone's dreamy
hey
where you go Betty Renan it's time to go
it's time to leave yeah it's time to go
to bed I need a dr first band yeah don't
go to bed in the car no you come to
signify waking up you waking up mmm
ideal salty dog oh no doc mr. Harvey mr.
Harvey come on come on good boy good why
I'll see you eat is just gonna fit on
this goodbye ok guys and we'll that's
all I got for you for today that's it
i'm gonna take Harvey up so you can poop
and pee and get business done before we
go to bed because I'm getting tired I
gotta wake up in the morning
for the gym to get my workout on yeah
that's all I got for you for today hope
you guys enjoyed it and yeah I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye
right right
hey I'm down here Jane I'm right here
now what is the strike I think I
redeemed myself in that one
