hey guys it's a new day and it's the
first vlog used with the canon g7x yeah
buddy so I'm excited for this the
quality as you saw my last vlog is
amazing and as you see right now mr.
Harvey mr. Harvey hey buddy hey buddy
I'm taking him out here go pee Oh am I
almost stepping into me know good good
thing cuz I I don't like poop on my shoe
hello hi Wow the lighting in here used
to suck to vlog that's great okay drain
we bring in the ice chest down and gone
lift what's your legs not with your back
there we go what it is cold yeah it's
still ice water five days later and we
still got ice
the best thing about living on the third
floor is I was going to dump all that I
so he has a whore but in this one water
left no no that it yes it wasn't that
much just me it's like great horse cafe
now these shots of you are so much
clearer now
Phil you like that my sister and I just
went shopping unboxing stuff I don't
know about you guys but I love cucumbers
like they would just take a cucumber it
was a snack a lot of cucumber just
that's how I like to eat my cucumbers
I've got a few of them for snacks come
on come here come here come on oh oh oh
push push push day go come on come on
lay up all the way up all the way ah
good boy now sit good boy
my favorite places to go check it out
eat shabu santa monica bowling alley so
we're about to hit up a couple games go
bowling before we end the night let's do
it pulling out here in Santa Monica
Oh
it's okay the ball at the bowling ball
is one
Oh
I like Leslie shit which was a permit
you almost ate shit for that
hold it down
better when I'm done anyway whoo that's
like I won last night you guys you just
try yeah I'm not used to being on camera
enough
right right
hey I'm down here Jane I'm right here
that was a strike I think I redeemed
myself in that one okay guys that's all
I got for you for today I'm done with
the new blog with this new camera let me
know what you think about it I'm excited
I've been like re watching clips just on
the camera being like wow looks so much
better if you saw when I was even
talking outside of the bowling alley at
night when my old camera won't even show
that really this is great so I'm excited
about this and I'm just that's all i
have for you guys for today so I'm gonna
end it here back at home it's kind of
late so I'm gonna get to sleep like at
the gym in the morning so i will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye after some
thoughts and thinking and some thinking
about thought and thoughts about
thinking i'm home with the new powershot
g7x boom buddy yes son so excited
