hey guys it's a new day today and I
don't really know what to do I think
Brandon might come over we'll figure
stuff out but I was also going to hang
out Jake except Jake is bartending
tonight and tomorrow night down on Main
Street and he likes subs in for
bartending at one of the bars down there
and yeah so he's not hanging out I think
Brandon might come later right now it's
just me and my buddy and he's not he's
not really doing anything
am i bothering you buddy yeah so he's
he's just a whole bundle of fun tonight
I gotta figure out what to do I'm gonna
figure out some fun stuff and then we're
gonna have myself a good time because we
always do right heel I mentioned in
yesterday's vlog that i was think about
getting new vlog camera the g7x and I
was like I think that it's really what I
want after some research some of you one
of you commented saying that that's the
camera that fun for Lily uses sounds
like oh I didn't even know that when you
check it out see what he says anything
about it he is a blog called insane new
vlog quality and it's because he was
using the new g7x and I was watching and
I was like oh my god this is almost like
DSLR quality from his point and shoot
canon g7x so I'm pretty sold on that I
think I'm actually gonna order that
tonight so that we can make these this
quality so much better and I know a lot
you will I mean sorry you all know that
a lot of times I spend my nights out
like on Main Street and maybe even down
a bungalow different bars and stuff it's
low lighting there and if I'm having my
nights predominantly in low lighting
which is a lot of times why you guys
like you know you didn't film too much
you didn't vlog too much because it
looks black and in the just the picture
so you guys only hear audio and it's
kind of like unmotivating for me because
you don't get to see it I want you to
see what I'm doing so I think it's a
it's a big move for me to get that
camera it'll be a lot better and up to
quality and we can just do better things
from there so I'm gonna go ahead and
take that step forward and just do it
order it I'm here with mr. Brandon hola
grabbing like a little later
dinner he got egg whites quinoa mmm
yummy mr. healthy I got turkey meat
loaves and spinach
yum yum in my tum tum it's like what are
you doing clearly he would walk five
thousand miles to get away from you ya
don't up here every dancer tries to do
that go for the nut i just bought
flammable metal look up Everclear it
makes everything more fun
alcohol is so dangerous guys don't ever
do that brandon has never done a drink
video he only films it so today guess
what yes you're starting today he's
doing it today we're making pretty shut
and when you're watching this it'll be
up so we're gonna be making uh I'm going
to be putting this on up tomorrow just
sets up right away what are we making
school was good was gonna shoot the
video who's gonna shoot oh wait I think
we may just leave it well if you guys
watch the drink videos his hands are
usually in his pockets anyway yeah I
want to talk with you today to you and
tell you what we're making what are we
making a duck fart yep that's right it's
actually called a duck fart and it's a
really good shot and you should go check
out the video cuz it'll be up but yeah
we're about we're about to make it so I
I can't really tell you like oh it's it
was such a cool video but I'm gonna say
who it's such a cool video go check it
out we haven't even shot yet what what
are you looking at Harvey oh you want to
vlog 2 oh he's like wishes but Luke is
gonna stand behind the camera just so
that it looks like we've camera cuz
clearly you guys know that most of the
videos I catch Brandon with his hands in
his pocket in my pants in your pants
hands my pants without filming yeah cuz
my drinks make him wet we're gonna make
a shot now we're gonna make a duck fart
mm-hmm now that we've officially
finished our duck fart video I could say
it's great it's literally exporting now
I edited it and everything see how long
is it gonna take 40 minutes 41 minutes
42 minutes 43 minutes well the time is
going up for how long it's going to take
you do you think it's good who's really
Brendan had its own little addition to
it I he wanted his input put into it so
when you guys watch it listen for the
sound effects because that's that's
Brandon's input on what we should do
with the video so I went ahead with that
are you doing suck me I felt when like
there was hand I'm duck farm on you okay
well go listen for those sound effects
because I think they're I think it's
pretty funny so check it out let me know
also what you think of those those
noises is it great for those of you that
don't know I don't know why you wouldn't
but you can go check it out it's just on
Alex mattel drinks it's my other youtube
channel the shermanator is leaving sure
me sure what's that you oka Sherman's my
last name yeah the shermanator
I wipe my duck butter no it's a duck
fart like this what no it's like this
rainy quack oh wow ow not before you
leave Oh where's Harvey Harvey attack
army attack he's coming out okay you
should go now bye guys come on see you
tomorrow not you there are you guys ah
ok you hi I'll just see you for a little
bit ok guys what's all I got for you i'm
heading over to jake's house now and i'm
gonna start a new day a new blog you
time I already started reading some of
the comments the the duck fart shot is
already up and what's funny is the sound
effect thing I was talking about that
Brandon added in I think it's hilarious
it's kind of our way of just like
messing with all of you and a lot of be
since a lot of you don't know it yet
that we did this like as a thing for fun
getting somebody dislikes on it and
we're just laughing I was like oh my god
these people must be hating us we just
put it so many of them but you guys
seeing you guys will now be in on the
joke it's also supposed to be for fun it
was just like we wanted to go overkill
with it so make sure you check that out
and yeah so now we're now we're all in
on the joke but I will see you guys see
you guys again tomorrow
goodbye they think I went down the
elevator yeah you try to scare me in the
elevator boom downstairs died like I
here ah London elevator
