today she's like what is that yeah you
mad this is the first time she's been
away I'm in love with the coco baking
soda baking soda Oh this'll a be my
niece she's happy she's just you know
she's probably hung over from yesterday
from last night's Year's Eve party she
went crazy on that building when
Harvey's tired he literally will just
collapse legs out and everything was
free to spend time just to difficulty he
does had a lounge card till I lay down
Bob legs out and everything he don't
give a damn just dog it's not hungry I
think it's food time I think we're gonna
go do shabu because i love shava shava
we gonna eat shabu and then yeah that's
i'm hungry you guys hungry you're
starving are you starving Luke yeah are
you starving the bacon kind
no time to go eat hey are you hungry to
run come on come buddy just angry oh I
thought you'd hit the windows shatter
yeah shatter my window haha you almost
hit me in the Wiener man time to Jenni
no nope nope clever dinner time for
dinner TV traffic TVs her off TV yeah I
went to grab my sweatshirt and they're
already going down guys wait for my
friends always leave without me
I'm hungry too oh I'll leave me they
could go and down the elevator yeah you
should scare me in the elevator boom
dumb stairs died Lightfoot oh I here ah
that's not an elevator she going on
video because he went out and he went oh
and then I jumped out of my pie nobody
was there yeah and I was going upstairs
yeah I'm a smudge you shabu is closed
because it's the new year it's the first
judge PF changs get some Chinese food
cuz you can always rely on Chinese would
be open up these holidays and I love it
excited I'm stoked ha ha we ordered so
much food go around
still drinking too
why not the new year right hi hi hi well
back in my place now we're just hanging
out watching some TV i want it i was
reading through some of your comments on
my new year's video and yeah i noticed
the same thing to my camera this vlog
camera sucks in low light if you watch
Romans vlogs you know he complained
about like the same thing the camera
never focuses it's out of focus all time
isn't even in focus now not really focus
this cameras like kinda it's not crappy
it's great but it's it doesn't behave
very well it's very stubborn in low
light it's grainy or dark even though it
wasn't that dark last night it wasn't
showing at all so you guys are saying
you need a better flow camera you need
one its fire quality you need one that
could see low light I agree and so I've
been doing some research and some
cameras and before I get I think I i'm
pretty set i've been looking at a bunch
of different comparisons what does well
a little light what has this feature is
everything i think i'm going to order
myself maybe a canon g7x which is
they're pretty new like point shoot
camera I know some of you recommend
certain cameras you got to remember this
needs to fit in my pocket all the time
and so it can't be big and bulky because
I get a great camera but it's huge so it
needs to be smaller the g7x seems to be
like really good with low light and it
has in the screen like a flip-up thing
in the back so I could see myself
obviously I still have to look at the
lens and up or else it'll look like I'm
doing videos like this and not even
looking at you guys so but it is a cool
feature for me to have that be able to
make sure it's in focus and stuff like
that so I think I'm gonna I think when
you get that camera answer your request
in mean getting a better camera because
I do want to give you guys the best
quality can and it sucks when I have a
video like a New Year's party and you
can't really see much because of that
which is why you notice when Jake was
pouring champagne house like I knee turn
lights on they need to be able to see
some of this like it's kind of I hate
not be able to show you the best stuff
but i think i'm going to get that camera
I'm gonna check it out do a little bit
more reading and then i'll probably
order it or go to camera store and check
it out before i pick it up and then able
to give you guys better quality that's
what you want and that's what i want to
deliver I don't think I've ever
introduced you guys to my twin you want
to see my twin right we make a leg he
looks like dread buddy what oh he's not
why you owe me Brian I really inviting
my hat a lot I am blogging
you at licking my ear this is my buddy
doll
ok guys what's all I got for you for
today fish out here with mr. buddy mr.
bloody mr. Harvey how are you buddy how
are you come and check it out yeah
oh that's the spot that's the spot right
there oh yeah well I'm gonna end this
here start off a new day new vlog I knew
everything but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching I I I had fun I had a lot of
fun but i will see you guys get more
goodbye 632
Oh
