hey guys to new day and so I like slept
all day as you can see from yesterday's
vlog you'll know exactly why so I'm
starting today off late it's okay if
it's a little shorter that's why it's
pretty late now but I just needed sleep
but I had a key made today so that now
that won't happen again saima key to get
in I just got a new package from UPS and
this time they delivered it into my
building because now they have the code
and everything so Thank You UPS you are
redeeming yourself I have champagne
flutes and everything that I ordered
because we're having a new years eve
party tomorrow which i'm looking forward
to and yeah now i'm gonna head out i'm
just going to go grab some dinner right
mr. Harvey you okay if I go grab some
dinner yeah your face is what I think
you've been drinking you've been
drinking I actually didn't have much to
vlog last night or anything but I told
you guys I'm going to be daily so today
I'm going to make sure to vlog the first
part of my day today and do as much
stuff as I can and then I'm going to
stop it upload it today then I mean
you're already watching this and then
I'm going to start doing another vlog
for the second half of today so that I
can put that up tomorrow so I'm not
missing a day i'm going to try really
hard not to miss any more days for you
guys it's going really tough but i'll
try heading to lunch now with Abby daddy
can't even see her face
maybe on this side here yet hi hi we're
gonna go to one of my favorite places to
eat out here not simply salad it's like
a almost like a subway type of place but
for all different things salad so you
just go through the line and pick
everything and that sounds really weird
but I'm telling you if you're out here
try it it's like you can get everything
from buffalo chicken and shrimp and
everything
see when you get it they like chocolate
i love to use everything is like mixed
in together perfect
she's a she started blogging now
that's so good if you guys are down here
check it out i just bought a be a little
gift she's got her mustache the fire
that way mustache fire yeah and stick a
cork in it especially definitely needs
it right now because she she doesn't cry
very often but I wanted to have matching
mustaches with her because later on in
her life she's not going to want to have
a mustache it didn't look like a sched
you did you jump know damn well we got
all the liquor liquor in the quicker for
the potty for the party so we got to
take it up right now and then we'll get
ready to go now I got to set up the cups
for the wine and champagne I have all
the beer over there and everything but
got the champagne and then the wine
these are like plastic glasses so you
take these take one of these he'll twist
it there you go boom now I have a lot
more to go it'll pay off it'll pay off
when the party's going I know I know
okay all the snacks and stuff or are
getting ready everything's kind of put
together over here no you are making
yourself dinner we have to set up
ourselves oh yeah yeah she likes to
pretend she does something when she does
nothing I'm just kidding they set the
whole thing up but anyway so they set
that up and then we're about to go hi
Jake hi I'm havin party night you won't
come no I got other plans well anyway
I'm gonna end the vlog here so that I
can continue blogging today and make
sure I have one for tomorrow that way I
give you one today one tomorrow make a
chef not missing today so I'm gonna end
up here and guys I will see you guys
again tomorrow and you will see party
goodbye open open nope
really this I'm done I'm just done
