hey guys it's a new day and I'm starting
it off pretty bad at the moment because
I ordered this thing from Amazon awhile
ago whatever apparently came and then I
didn't see it for two days and then I
went outside and I found the box with my
name on it
Nana's unbox and it was torn open and
nothing in it and I'm like UPS is the
only delivery service that doesn't put
it inside my door believe it right out
front and homeless people come steal it
and then now Amazon was like don't worry
we'll send you a new one
so I was like I'm gonna make sure wait
for this UPS truck I stood at my front
door and saw UPS truck coming up and
then watched him drive past my building
once he drove past the building I got
notification that my package has been
delivered and left at my front door no I
was standing at the front door and
watched the UPS guy Drive back UPS you
can suck my left testicle
you do it's the only delivery service
that ruins everything
FedEx perfect the girl in Phoenix
actually calls me it's just like hey
just wanna let you know your package is
here just so you don't leave it here
chill out great
USPS they do a perfect job UPS you could
suck it Oh
I found him now I need to go ask him
where my package I've been walking on
the streets looking for the CPS truck
and I finally got it I'm gonna poop you
better have it he's leaving he's turning
I catch him I definitely well it's a
mission I gotta catch the UPS truck they
saw my package
I couldn't let down viewers and not go
up and say hi but now I don't know where
the truck is dear oh I see I see it I
see it I'm coming up on it yeah this UPS
truck doesn't do my boat the other UPS
truck then there was two by the way when
they drove past my place he goes oh yeah
no no you got to follow the other one
he's all the way on the other side
I ran six blocks to get to this one and
now he's like no no it's six blocks that
way for the other truck and I said can
you can you call him or something he
goes no I can't do that I'm busy man
you just got to go run and try to find
him and I said why would it say that it
was left at my door if I was standing at
my door he goes you know it happens so
just go find him and ask him
this is making me so angry I found this
truck here and they said oh actually
there's a third truck somewhere north of
me or something I don't know
trying to figure it out cuz just want my
package and they're like yeah man we
can't help you that's not us and I was
like well I just talked to other guy who
said that you were over here he's like
yeah but there's it and there's another
one I'm done I'm just gonna go call ups
I don't want to keep running I'm now ran
probably 15 to 20 blocks hall around
here just to find trucks it's a good
workout but nothing else no success yes
on my way back I see this third one here
I'm gonna talk to him and I just gotta
follow him I probably have to run the
other way
do Just My Luck well hopefully he knows
you're good good running ready ready
always pull your got him I really hope
it's here yes look guys brainy oh my god
he was like yes sir
PRV hey Harvey risky what's in the box
aha it's a tactical to rifle case so
that I can I want to be able to bring
both my ar-15 and my shotgun to the
range in the same bag as well as hold
extra magazines and possibly extra ammo
or different equipment or gonna you know
do whatever so I want to see what fits
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and throw in
both my rifles and check it out and see
what it looks like let me show you why
this is like an amazing range bag for me
to take my stuff to the to the firing
range it's just it's got everything I
need so if I open up this just caulk it
here I have two magazines for my air 15
over here and you keep two for my Glock
19 then in here I keep my Glock 19 then
unzip this whole apartment here pull
these down unclip that and zip this and
then here is my Smith & Wesson 460 then
unzip the whole bag and and on this side
drop my blog camera on this side I have
my Colt Le 69 20 and 15 and then on the
other padded side I have my Remington
870 tactical and all of these fit in the
bag all my spare mags everything I need
so this is like perfect one bag take it
to the range go a fun day and no worries
about exposed firearm or anything like
that just keep this thrown in the trunk
on the way to the range and this is why
I was like
waiting on this first one got stolen so
there's some homeless guy out in Santa
Monica now rolling around with a condor
- rifle tactical gun case as his goodie
bag
well yeah so I'm pretty pretty stoked
about this I love it I take back one
part of it I would not keep my Glock 19
in here because I'm realizing this is
way too thin so when I open this it's
brand new bags I didn't even see but in
here you can actually keep these are
fully padded so this doesn't fit all the
way and obviously cuz it's got like a
10-inch barrel pretty much this side
thing which is padded can now hold the
Glock 19 like on there close this I
could seal on either side of it so at
least it's pad to here and then this
kind of has a pattern here it's not
closed that no no you can you try to
hide it I'm coming out I can't you oh
that's so cool man that's just that's
Harvey so cool cool that's awesome thank
you BAM boom BAM Oh whew time to go to
bed mo
restock some of my liquor that is now
gone as well as buy some stuff for new
year's year buddy do it
you tour the world over the cover I went
back to my apartment after I left Jake's
or after I left hanging out with Jake
and dropped him off and everything and I
went walked up to the building and I was
like oh all the lights are off so I
guess the power's out well I don't I
don't keep a physical key on me to get
in I just use like the code and then I
have my key for like my elevator and
stuff but not to get in the building and
I can't go in the garage or anything
because the power's out so I figured I
call my sister well she won't wake up to
her phone I think she put it on silent
and I waited like two hours finally I'm
talking to these guys who are working on
the power lines and I'm like do you know
what's wrong they go oh nothing's wrong
Isha's a scheduled maintenance the
powers not supposed to be back on until
6:00 a.m.
uh 6:00 a.m. he's like yeah but we could
be done as early as 4:00 okay
well
I don't have anywhere to go sleep I
don't want to pay money just to sleep
for a few hours in a hotel it's
ridiculous and said I want to get super
expensive so I'm like I'm gonna look for
like maybe in one of the parking
structures decided that just a place to
park and then sleep in my car tonight
this is this is fantastic first the ups
a and down now I gotta go sleep in my
car tonight
well it is what it is I want to thank a
lot of you because I've tried sleeping
and it just isn't working out of my car
and it sounds like I'm gonna go on
Twitter and just talk to everyone I went
on Twitter and I was like hey let's just
have fun just ask questions and I've
been getting question after quit I mean
it's 3:30 in the morning now and they're
like ding ding ding and I'm like damn
you guys are awake I'm sure a lot of you
it's because a different time zone but
it's really cool I I'm enjoying this is
like my late-night Twitter sesh I hope
the power goes on soon though because I
really want to go in and go to sleep
the guy told me he'd be done life they
should be done by like four and now it's
5:00 a.m. and I haven't slept yet
I tried I'm really tired
it's 5:00 a.m. just turn the power back
on so I can go inside thank go to sleep
please
finally finally going in the power went
on at 602 a am have I slept yet
no I am going to bed right now this is
this is just just ridiculous
I'd really need to sleep I'm going
straight to sleep right now
as if that was like the last of it you
know what else sucks I'm stuck in the
freakin elevator open open
nope
really this I'm done I'm just done what
do I do now what do I do now can't even
open it doesn't have like a middle thing
to like try to even pull I can't reach
in the hole and I'm in the garage level
so there's no phone service ah this
sucks
do you know how happy I am to be in bed
right now especially with my boy hey hey
well you sitting up here you go back to
sleep you know right to sleep okay guys
well that's all I got for you I'm gonna
catch up on some day sleep now cuz I I
need it so ah yeah I'm just gonna end it
here so I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
let's write this right first let's write
deal
