hey guys it's a new day night thing and
gotten well everyone just went quiet
this came on but no we're standing in a
circle and drinking this is our drinking
circle you got like bottles going down
blanding I'm sundae with like good ice
cubes and square eyes Qi good ice good
eyes good people Harvey's underwear yeah
Harvey's just hanging out we're just
picking out different liquors and
drinking it's like we have these
friendly drinking circles every once in
a while you guys should try it I have an
amazing gift basket here with filled
with lots and lots of goodies Jake yeah
there's like all these like creme brulee
truffles and chocolate what is this
English toffee syrup roasted garlic knot
is it right straight oh yeah we should
have all this stuff I'm excited let's
start snacking we're snacking drinking
this is it's the holidays I think Jake
and I are gonna go bowling right I'm so
down I'm so down and go bowling I've
been bowling in a while we used to go so
much it's like one of my favorite things
to do we're gonna stop off at loews
hotel first one of my friends bar tents
there so a girl I know
and so we're gonna go over there and get
a drink before we head over what oh
nothing just this yeah okay anyway so
we're going to do that you guys are
probably wondering like really they're
drinking on a Sunday don't they work
tomorrow neither of us have worked
tomorrow and I'm excited because
normally i'm like working on editing my
drink videos are starting to get it up
because well he is kind of but not not
not in the morning anyway yeah i've been
working on my drink videos and I gotta
already set like way ahead of time to go
up so when you're watching this it's
probably already up and it's a drink
video with Dennis Roady yeah and how to
make perfect jello shots and those are
so much fun so definitely go check that
out but uh yeah then we're going to head
out and have a good night have a good
sunday sunday fun day I was so expected
to scare my sister it was amazing oh hey
guys what do you like hi hi wait did you
eat the box yeah you did yeah yeah I
didn't have to go shop me at the box was
amazing get some more drinks around
doing well this isn't round two this is
like long round
here round to hear ya it looks like
around here ah a lowes hotel is just
like Sunday right yeah not really any
normal drunk at Sunday any drunken
sunday we're gonna go bowling yeah wait
what time is it 1 i'll hopefully be the
only if we can still make it it's
closing me see if I am right at 10 2008
don't make it because so much day for
like two games yeah okay and I'm doing
somewhere tomorrow yeah yeah I don't
have to go wake up until like 930 I
don't have to wake up not going to I
have the gym in the morning which is
gonna suck remember the hangover unless
you glad about your circuit again I
doubt oh I don't have a circuit city
tomorrow I have tomorrow's leg day
it's all Oh getting the finger jail just
suck with the ladies I'll good stop
working out okay I'm done I'm done we're
gonna go we're gonna go pulling since oh
yeah sure it's all glowing
no more bad
that's right there strike first what's
right deal you know best way to finish
tonight is with a suit and you had your
pancake I have two pancakes and bacon
don't judge and you dip your beer making
it sir I do feel really really good yeah
our side of bacon to be loved if
swingers are still open and we're drunk
you might as well come here and get some
bacon I got chicken soup before I had
help perfect yeah okay guys well that's
all I got for you for today I feel good
today got back to the gym not too long
ago and I'm just making sure that this
new video can get out cuz check this not
it's been exporting but it's got it's an
hour and 51 minutes of exporting time
almost two hours just to export it then
I have to upload it it's like it's a lot
but it's a good it's a good video and
it'll make make sure that you have fun
time New Year's if you make some awesome
jello shots so just got to make sure
this gets out working it out I'm gonna
get this editing up right away and then
yeah start a new day of logging and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
going to go to bed I could put you in my
room really who booty alright let's go
come on come on now gotta take them out
to pee and then he go he likes to sleep
in my room like right next to me
