hey guys it's a new day today I'm with
mr. Harvey mr. Harvey hell you doing bud
how you doing oh you like that oh yeah
scratch by the ears oh yeah ah yeah he
uh he just ate but I realized that I'm
running really low on food I gotta go
run and get him some more dog food
because he goes through it like no else
like no other now now I'm not over
feeding him I'm giving him exactly
what's recommended and he still growing
he's a beast he's my little Harpe Zilla
but uh yeah I'll get us a new food just
picked up a good amount of food of his
live free diet census puppy diet he he
goes through so much food and it
Bulldogs naturally English bulldogs have
a really bad digestive system so I've
tried other foods before this one and
it's a mess I'm not time out of mess on
the wall I mean on the floor it's a mess
on the walls to a worse so this is the
only food he could eat it's kind of
expensive which sucks but he's my buddy
he's got to eat huh what keeps him happy
and healthy so only gets the best I know
i told you in yesterday's vlog that
brittany was gonna be coming over we're
gonna be finishing up a video
unfortunately she has car problems and
her batteries like dead so triple-a just
fixed it but she's like not gonna drive
tonight because if she comes out here
and it gets stuck then is not good so I
was like let's just finish it maybe
tomorrow and next day or whatever
whatever whatever fun monday or tuesday
but anyway Jake's gonna come over and
we're gonna go out and have a good night
anyway so I think he's gonna come over a
few drinks and maybe head out to a bar
or a friend's place or we'll figure it
out because we always do we always do
mr. Jake is here hello
we are feels like the worst in people
anyway what do we do you want to go to
main street tonight hey I'm looking for
some chicas what uh that's never enough
no it's never good enough tonight off
tonight tonight is gonna be the night
that i'm going to say hello to one of
them i'm a very shy person when I'm out
in public like very shy yes yeah yeah
alex is the guy sitting in the corner
hey hey hey I'm not like you lovely
creeper I'm just shy just in the corner
with friends from some friends some
froms sub Trump's I read some flops in
the corner and then it's like oh there's
a good-looking girl that I go go say hi
to like oh like I'm really shy yeah well
pizza should probably you know do
something to that yes get some liquid
courage in this body and then we'll be
good to go you tired buddy he do it over
here he was sleeping
I got your tongue out everything uh
gonna go to bed I could put you in my
room really who booty all right let's go
come on come on now you gotta take them
out to pee and then he go he likes sleep
my room like right next to me got up and
take them in there let's go you can do
it try Chris now he's stretching come on
laziest dog area come on he's like oh do
it come on come on
holy shit yeah he's like I was 60 pounds
like that come on come on buddy let's go
pee let's go pee he's almost 60 pounds
yeah he's almost 60 pounds and he's
about to be nine months still puffy and
his dad was about 80 pounds so you might
have another like 20 pounds to go yeah
when he tackles you about 80 pounds it's
gonna suck and then we're gonna go to
jakes house jake has his car here so we
can't start drinking here so we're gonna
bring a bottle to jakes and then we'll
drive there and then I could uber back
so that no one's driving don't don't
drink a drop she is that's kind of
blurry cool a bullet bullet bullet
bullet bullet your team hasn't been
inside my house in a while yeah all the
mess yeah it's ours ice cream being made
so I shouldn't be made there's my palace
there's my house yes we're going out to
Main Street soon I just got back to my
place now I over back from Jake's I
wasn't really worth blogging on main
street because the bar beer in was way
too dark and it what you just would have
heard us so nothing special but you guys
have seen Main Street plenty of times on
my vlogs nothing new to see just us
going around no luck tonight
but hoping to meet some chicas but
apparently I'm too shy for that so no I
was actually I've made up with some
friends and that not planning on it I
mean I bumped into them when i was there
so it's cool just hanging out and then
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna head to bed
right now because I'm pretty tired and
yeah I'm gonna wake up go to the gym
tomorrow morning that's what I gotta do
so I'm gonna head to bed right now mr.
armies he's coming to LA she's like
tangling rally excited hi Harvey you are
he's like waiting at the corner wanna go
out I wanna go on a long walk so we're
gonna go get site ate for lunch i
decided i would have sausages in and
around my mouth so I got sausages and
hot sauce with some salad on the side
yeah you like sausages in your mouth
excuse me uh yeah dude spicy ones spicy
sausage in my mouth good okay guys
what's all I got for you for today I got
to start vlogging this day now so that I
have one for you for tomorrow as well as
today's and tomorrow's is gonna be a new
one and today is the one you're watching
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye what yeah yeah we're going on a
cruise to Mexico
