hey guys what's up so it's a new day it
is and I just went shopping with Riley
and cam went aid sugar anyway I got to
wrap these gifts for them i want to give
it to them and then i got like this cool
ninja turtle christmas wrapping paper
yeah for Luke I got a banana hip flask
it's a flask but it's a banana for Jake
he loves candy I got him Sal worms it's
1.5 pounds of sour worms just fun gift
but yes I'm going to wrap these up and
then I have something extra special for
Jake for his birthday I'm going to tie
it into this one and you guys will see
what I give him as a birthday present
because I think he'll enjoy it boom yeah
i'll wrap too ready to go now I just got
to see if they even want to hang out I
don't know if they will you get your
buddy their army
fix it here now I wanted Jake to open it
whose birthday gift when Lucas here so
this yeah is adorable it's it's sparkly
that sparkly but this is your Christmas
gift so you could open that I didn't
even wrap gifts for people that I got
Christmas gifts for but you could always
leave it to the Jew I like to yeah
apparently the Jews well I mean it's not
like super amazing but it's just
something that's something well now we
have to give you you don't that you can
deter it won't I've gotten in a turtle
yeah did you a good flip it over one
half pounds of shower worms I'm gonna
get diabetes yeah he is like an
addiction again d one of his favorites
our room sounds like he's got now you
can eat it for breakfast I know so bad
thanks you're welcome this pregnancy
most important meal today exactly full
sovereigns yeah I just got to eat
something dude mmm no problem you get
your second gift a little bit later yeah
yeah it does have a heart it's got a
hard-on hardocre only just said Oh what
are you getting birthday cake Oreos
who's buying them for you you are sugar
daddy yeah I'll be sugar daddy yeah you
always have sex and i'm getting my
american crew fiber you wash them sponge
bra washes grove yeah see if you notice
I'm wearing a hat for the last few days
because I ran out of my hair stuff and
so my hair won't do book she could break
everything in the world well Jacob
breaks everything I'm getting hair stuff
and then I could not wear a hat
I'm just getting even at you okay hey
whats up guys hi but mr. Luke is here
Luke hi that's your Christmas present
half-open awesome thank you oh you do
like Jake what like a man baby know you
well he didn't tear it he just kind of
like he did that to shut you want me to
share it I don't know it's a few they're
making fun of me for not tearing it I'm
sorry I have manners I felt like it was
just kind of your thing yeah um banana
hip flask did you tape it I tasted good
life leaving yeah ah yeah that is
awesome take it out actually haven't
seen it yeah that's a yeah I'm so happy
thank you Alex yeah I think banana
flower awesome oh well now I'm k more
like are you happy like no I just
haven't a flask in my hand or you could
say it's just a banana yeah she's the
banana exactly there's now we got to do
an early birthday present for Jake open
up I just rewrapped eat saw the car but
I don't tear it because now it's a car
show oh those are hard well read it the
hearts in the heart is the message say
wishing of a magical and fun filled day
happy birthday day piracy
that's not the back looks okay that is
you take out your new tiara you're gonna
have to wear that hold on before you
open up your thing get up that's Yara
all right there you go you're taking me
on like a bachelor party or kinda I know
okay now go ahead lock up your gift this
is this is for his birthday what yeah
yeah we're going on a cruise to Mexico
that's fucking deer I got your ticket
and it's gonna be you Luke me and
Brandon it's gonna be four of us going
on a cruise looks like it's it that's so
yeah we go january fifteenth so pretty
soon that's awesome yeah I'll wear this
he's never been on a cruise right you
never been a cover yeah and then it's
gonna be fun which will be fun blogs too
but uh yeah excited for it well it's
okay we can we could check in online
Thanks no problem that's awesome now
Brittany's here and uh you got all day
gift I know it the ninja turtle oh good
god
I that's so cute that's for Harvey later
for Harvey and those are for me those
are half pound Reese's peanut butter
cups look at this erases are my favorite
thing in life i don't really like candy
oh you like Cinnabon but i love cinnamon
but can't you I don't need it I love you
oh my god this is you having trouble
there it's really cold outside but you
are not in los angeles area it's really
cold and my hands are a little frozen
from walking it i actually haven't seen
these oh ha ha think it's my face oh you
don't drop it you take a bite of it i
kind of want to but I almost feel like I
should know you take a bite and then
just like put it back in getting a big
bite ya oh fuck the best thing I've ever
had in my life well I'm happy I'm happy
you enjoyed it yeah very welcome you
gonna try something trying it on no not
try it on but I'm getting out oh damn
nothing for Jake oh sweet i gotta eat it
wait you gotta hook know that way miss
it yeah i know you were holding it
correctly there's yep and then the candy
goes into that don't eat the candy right
here when you're wearing it because that
wouldn't taste very good hey okay would
you eat the candy right here on oh my
god
individual yeah but I'm the one who
should be eating the candy not Alex you
should I should he could get it are you
to try piece i watch you do first oh
good and if it tastes good then maybe
all right I don't know Luke what a
two-piece can be I'd rather run powder
let's do the sauce sexual it's candy I'm
sorry no songs I'd rather have pretty
eat it up okay good what no okay hip
wrap what Brandon believe I get the
front you know you get the Edit no alex
is a butt guy oh he's really actually
kidding yes that's apples and you can't
have that well there I'm on a diet he's
on a diet from thong ah oh dusty it
broke it's dusty yeah he's got dust dick
ok guys that's all I got for you for
this long yeah everyone left last night
kind of just we actually started
shooting a video last night and
Brittany's gonna come over again today
we're going to try to finish it up so I
can get it out to you guys it's kind of
more of a social experiment kind of
thing rather than full-on prank but I'm
enjoying it it was so much fun and we
were laughing about it so I can't wait
to share that with you guys hopefully I
can show more in tomorrow's vlog that
you'll see which is later today for me
and yeah but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will sit now look
definitely see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye to the egg yolk and then you
lift up and then when you turn it you
got the egg yolk in here and the egg
whites still in there I did do it
