hey guys it's a new day today and I'm
currently on my way over to my dad's
office my sister Jackie will be there
she does a weekly livestream and she
want me to come by and hang out today
her special guest Lexy Panterra if you
haven't heard of her she probably seen
her bunch in many places because I guess
you could call her a professional
sparker she did she she then after
twerker
take you to get there you go
don't worry I'm not gonna hurt you hmm
I take a little back hey hey hello hi
are you a princess today
the princess everyday yeah they called
you in to twerk are you gonna try you
wanna go you know that's work come on
let's go see non at work I was so much
about you I want to film her twerk what
I heard you're very talented with me
okay this is what we're going to do
right now if everyone is okay with it
you can totally say no and then putting
you on the spot I feel like you're
really good and I'm not only twerking
but teaching you oh yeah glad you so if
we turn on me right now
will you twerk and then hopefully teach
my mom how to twerk I love you too okay
okay so let's do right now you get a
Twix I don't know how to
that's good teacher my dad can't work to
the faulty smoke it'll be a beautiful
thing in what we're doing it's worth
paying its life isn't ability is always
read yours already just work it out
right now
alright are you just standing in the
background right now
my mom kind of looks like a like a kid
no dad
can you do that yes I can do that show
me something I can't do like I do that
my dad is what are we just standing out
watching so much except I can do that
okay I know I'm good so arch your back
are really good in our game what yeah
I've learned a lot more subtle than you
are about yes you can do it down there
always there's something on your way
down
dad you're not even trying I'm trying
you know what's happening yeah my dad is
yeah Wow
no I'm it oh my god can you tell what
I'm doing right now
yeah it's relying on the fact that this
is a podcast tell that you've not no I
am doing it you can't see she moves in
much bigger move I do it subtly because
I'm older and I'm coming this close to
making it rain yeah I don't not even
making it rain I'm like a Sun shower my
god oh my god there you go circle dad
there's a go I gotta say it's living
here you being a twin here he is about
to roll come on yeah we're exactly let's
be showing there we go
all right quick good so look first yeah
well you got to go to the life to that
guys are well you're done is just watch
it from your father
Wow
I'm back at home now and I am super
super angry and I wish I could stay
positive about this but it's just so
annoying and I just don't understand
this Richard just asked me an
interesting question that I wanted to
try and I was about to try it off the
vlog but I figured you guys might want
to see this too
if you don't know Richard has brought
back two different times two different
lasers both of these are very very
powerful blue lasers that he got from a
little marketplace in China okay when he
was there living there and I let me show
you guys how powerful this laser is
first I really should be doing this with
special glasses but it's okay I'll show
you guys so if I turn this on here
aiming at the bag if you look through it
has now burned through the bag on that
side burning through this side and there
it goes there is some smoke in there I
should turn it off if you see it burns
these little holes in the bag Richard
asked if the blue laser could ignite the
Gunpowder there's only one way to find
out we'll put a little bit of gunpowder
here
that's a lot of it but that's okay let's
give this a try
whoa right a fuckin way Wow g-man yeah I
was right as hell that worked way better
and way faster than both of us thought
it would
okay well that was that was quick I was
like how long when I have to hold it
there pretty much as soon as I end it so
I'm gonna keep the blue lasers away from
the Gunpowder for sure in the past I
tried to do some cool things with those
lasers like I tried to pop a popcorn
kernel but that actually failed and I'm
not sure why I even happen to look it up
and someone else did it but I'm happy I
think I have to get like the kernel
spinning evenly or use both lasers I
don't really know how to get it to work
properly but it didn't work for us but
that did that worked really well Richard
you just get to try everything now yeah
he's been looking at this they're
skating like I want to try it just let's
just try it out
you excited yeah we should put some like
wax why
my shoes are soaking what your shoes are
not slipping i heerd the grip like
they're not slipping on flipping alley
the only reason you would ever put wax
because your feet are wet and they're
gonna slide off you're not in the water
here you got grip on your shoes I know I
think they're just a little worn out
there's no way you're going to slip off
that I promise but you take a little
scary well it's just hard to get used to
yeah one page it took me like if you had
to be used to it now it's pretty normal
I think yeah I think it gets a lot of
looks down by the beach I think really
gay actually it will be easier yeah but
it's pretty fun I love that thanks peace
man anyway guys that is all I got for
you for today I hope you guys enjoyed
watching if there's anything specific
you want to see with those blue lasers
or with the Gunpowder or with that
skateboard or anything you want to see
I'm taking requests here because you
guys love just to let me know what you
want to see and those are a lot of the
ideas I'd like to take because they're
requested so with that being said I'm
done for today and I will see you guys
again soon
good like who's the birthday boy
no it's not working so deserve it broken
okay now drop this okay
