hey guys new day today I'm out with my
family today and who is heavy hello
sleeping every blog she's sleeping but
we're walking on the pier today we're
going to go grab some lunch at the
restaurant right at the end and
overlooks the ocean it's called what
Marty soul I think yeah I could I think
that's what it says but yeah we're gonna
go grab some lunch and Marty I'm hungry
did you get it all out what change
Abby Abby hi
ok hey gorgeous
she's funny but uh yeah just like fishy
have lunch I got carne asada just a
steak but you want to see what it looks
like a forgot two people here my sister
left some to look like we both got
steaks and kiss god they're eating
still hungry though
I'm hungry
it was like a really small piece this is
crazy hello I don't wanna get done super
nice out here tonight amazing yeah you
don't want to every time I go somewhere
with like my parents especially my dad
we just went to the loews hotel to have
a coffee and the girl who works there is
server she's a good-looking girl every
time I'm like dad please don't say
anything this time he's like don't say
are you on tinder don't say any of this
but he's the dad you know so we go and
we sit down he goes I'm not allowed to
ask you are you on tinder and it ain't
that and this is my son but I'm not
allowed to say anything to you I'm like
that that just defeated the whole
purpose and he does that all the time
with all different kinds of stuff he
ultimately convinced her to I think
follow me on instagram because he wants
me to talk so
dad's will be dad's right do your do
your dad's embarrass you or your parents
I feel like that's what he feels like
this job is I realized I wanted to shoot
a drink video that's supposed to go up
tomorrow i have set what hi no no no no
you only broke this camera a little bit
no I joined the ping pong show me I just
I just had to manually open up the lens
cover show me anyway Oh watch out behind
you you hit this out of my hand I've
been I've been good um okay I'm trying
to explain anyway we're gonna make a
drink a Jake and I are just gonna teach
you guys how to make homemade eggnog for
Christmas that's gonna go up but time
you see this it's it's probably up oh
yeah well I'm explaining their guys stop
beating each other off chiweenie I'm
gonna get it right now ah so difficult
we're getting ready to shoot this look
how festive i am i'm such a festive jus
right it's been such a good deal yeah
i'm such a good Jew well you try to vlog
with mic over one set up the GoPro up on
camera ah it's my it's my camera blog
camera it's my camera we're gonna make
eggnog we're making eggnog we got all
this stuff out I'm not gonna show you
guys exactly to make it here cuz you
guys could always go I'll ok you like
eggnog yes we're making our suburban
which you guys can make eggnog with
bourbon or rum or brandy or anything
we're making either Bulleit Bourbon nest
boobies oh yeah sucking tits and then i
gotta stay up late and edit it so much
fun Harvey you smell like you just shit
yourself play the piano berber berber
your boo boo we're literally in the
middle of an episode shooting right now
I had a we had to cut the cameras
because I have to put we have to make
the egg whites form soft or stiff peaks
but they're not really stiffening up and
it turns out that may be one of the
glasses i use or signing to hold the egg
whites may have had a little bit of
water or something
in it and if you mix it with anyone
water or any egg yolk I mean sorry egg
white with water or anything like that
they won't stiff it so what you won't
see in the drink video is I have to
completely change out and restart with
that egg you learn something new every
day yeah whatever I'm gonna we go
mistakes happen a cool way to separate
egg yolk and egg white i'm going to show
you is if you have like a water bottle
don't worry the extra little water in
here you know I said don't get water in
it is it's going to touch the yolk it's
not going to touch the egg so what you
do is you squeeze this just a little bit
and you touch it to the egg yolk and
then you lift up and then when you turn
it you got the egg yolk in here and the
egg whites still in there I did do it I
just we did screw it up but this one
worked perfectly that's how you do it
was really quick yeah I'm just just used
her former for the camera yeah when the
cameras off I suck at life just finished
recording episode Thank You Brandon
Brandon help clean it up i got it's like
it's getting late and i already have to
put in the flood oh well I don't know he
was clique you claim to thank you j
square yeah i just had to I had to run
over there to start importing footage
because it's getting late and with all
the cameras footage combined rubout 30
gigs footage so that's a lot a lot of
footage put in and I gotta edit it
tonight and then I go for you guys what
you getting away oh so we're chillin
some some eggnog e here and there and I
already drank like half my glass that
I'm trying to chill but it's really good
I'm like super excited I actually like
won't eat eggs I've never had eggnog and
I they maybe try a new section so you
did they actually force me to try it may
actually he wanted to hate it so much he
was he like already made a face when he
was trying and he's like okay it's
actually pretty good so if you guys
don't think you like eggnog you're like
oh I don't know about that definitely
try it it's really good little girl I'm
cheese boom this is how it should look
yeah yeah that looks so good how's it
yeah that's it's very good oh that's
good you make me sleep under the baby
though it makes me sleep like a baby
editing
yeah it's getting so late it's already
like past 230 morning and the footage is
not its 333 30 and the footage isn't
even imported into the editing software
yet so I can't even start that early ah
well I hope you guys enjoy it okay guys
what's it pues was hell putting up
trying to get this video ready because
not only oh my god it was probably just
the import process was like eight hours
because it was all in the wrong format
need to be changed everything was ours
but it's it's actually exporting now the
video to go up on YouTube for the drinks
channel so i'm going to be editing this
right now as quick as i can't get this
out plugging to go up a little bit
before the drink video and then get that
up see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
we decided since the green screen is up
who might as well just have fun with
this app that's on my pad so i brought
out some of the guns and we take it
putting like American flag backgrounds
check these out
