hey guys it's a new day today I'm with
mr. Harvey right buddy yeah yo yo yo
maybe car engine may be good the maple
clean and miss Jake and up today is
fried for me probably saturday for you
but I think today is a swell day we got
the green screen all set up and so Brian
he's got his towel and your wig your
blond wig that you're gonna wear and
then where's the rubber fist oh yeah can
you pass that to me doing green screen
so this right here we're just but this
can't go on YouTube right because it'll
get flagged in two seconds they don't
allow like like although this x pretty
accepting yeah fisting visiting yeah
okay so maybe you guys will see exactly
what we're shooting we haven't titled it
yet something about like you know double
the fun double the penetration something
that double penetration double the fun
double double double double entendre
fisting hurts bloody shit dick okay
anyway we're going to go grab something
to eat well I mean they let Alex
Mandela's channel on youtube so i think
oh right there I hate it right on my
blog I'm just joking i love Alex man oh
do you well you're gonna love me hard in
a second so brian is heading out wait
where you going are you leaving that's
not the way where you going dear bags
I'm good Oh your costume
yeah I was preparing this today oh
you're using me either don't eat it re
don't eat it oh don't film that is you
could see that you didn't under you I am
doing my my your head on my pants cuz we
ate so much it a burger place anyway uh
for you at the camera kiss goodbye no
because I I put my mouth on this you
don't want good this one he was fine
this fun okay goodbye Oh expand l blogs
there's my he's leaving he's out you're
welcome back whatever thank you we
decided since the green screen is up who
might as well just have fun with this
app that's on my pets I brought out some
of the guns and we take it putting like
American flag backgrounds check these
out that's Brian you did his till
America does it just the backgrounds he
wanted to fist a lion I don't know why
that's my cousin Ethan is the lion
there's his picture and there's the
background we chose uh just fine with a
green screen right it's so much fun to
have a great script if you guys have
never played cards against humanity this
is a game for you guys to try it's
awesome pausing so let's listen on the
best friend okay well okay they're doing
like a sudden death match is not how you
play but anyways so what's a girl's best
friend I could look through like cards i
would have natural male enhancement or
better adderall panda sex bitches goes
he goes Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth
Batman and sweet sweet vengeance feels a
good car but they have like what's the
pac-man won pacman guzzling a gallon of
cum perfect this game is for all ages
and everyone can enjoy it and we'll just
keep passing the fist you know why I do
that because you're a pacifist hey love
that he loves playing where's my sister
did a market run to pick up some snacks
for everyone you got yourself to beg to
rio's salsa verde chocolate chocolate
and I got Apple oh oh and a redbull to
help put you to sleep cuz red bull gives
you wings yeah you can see your nipples
Adam they're hard and it's not even cold
in here you want the rat you with the
red you want the rat yeah yeah here here
here take it now 30 Oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah come on how do you
do this and she's take it here take this
then it's swing it swing it oh I don't
know if you're trying to kick the dog
okay and Harvey ready Oh out of this I
thought you wanted to play okay my
sister would like to see you guys
Christmas care huh come on Christmas
sale from the gym come on everyone see
however you want to sing yeah hey Riley
come on you also get shy that's Rebecca
are you not gonna sing apparently she's
getting shy on camera she was so loud
before I try on this Cameron so
anyway the only dance cake yes give a
little bit oh my god or so no setup at
this stand up and rubs ducks yes a
little machine no just stand up again to
a little shimmy shake oh yes yes yes oh
yeah okay good well all I did there guys
that's all I got for you for today and I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
we decided to go uh we decided to go out
on Third Street Brian and Scout decided
to go to sleep because they've been
filming all day send out with my don't
you chose me pick up throws a day Harvey
is chick magnets but not always the ones
you want sometimes you pick up girls
that look like Harvey
