hey guys read today it's my sisters
birthday happy birthday okay oh I was
gonna say can I say how old's your 30
it's the big 30 what do you do it 30 you
go to Disneyland yes and you have your
daughter sleeping again on the vaca yeah
but uh we're just waiting then we're
gonna go into the park we're going into
the park exit only
I mean I'm happy we're not waiting in
line
Disney it's the happiest place on earth
my sister has loved this her whole life
you saw her 30th birthday of course
we're gonna go get one of my favorite
things at Disneyland giant turkey leg oh
yeah let's go there we go there's space
here wet water we had water and their
pickles I love the giant pickles going
on space mountain now you excited Lily
I'm excited Jackie Jackie excited
chuckling yeah did you did you do the
turkey I'm fit into your old pants oh
pretty good after a baby not maybe not
after next turkey no its pitch black in
there how much does like that but I
fought going in and coming out Oh come
up come up lap bar
we're still win
else but
this is the Indiana Jones ride it's
another fun one this one you're like a
cheap run away from like snakes and dry
things and
cool tans not really
there we go
hey baby jersey
you
dad
look at my knees Abby mom it's right
here sorry
morning mrs. people crews got a few I
anyway yes beautiful is no Chinese diner
have you guys booked up behind the
Tigers family picnic out of their
husband an arrest fuck it up either
Western of trouble we strongly after
doing a ride and everyone can use the
Advocate enjoy right it's a small world
it's funny to see all these people
taking pictures others people team which
isn't liked everyone has their phone or
camera I think that my dad is the
attraction for that
I think she's enjoying
does she
but that's is she loving it
all the lights are on now it's getting
pretty dark though
what are they call her back the movement
underneath that sheet is her
breastfeeding while she's getting her
cake was I not supposed to say that cuz
she was hoping the cake would come after
she said resident happy once up to
I'm actually still really hungry after
dinner and everyone went for ice cream
and they had some of her cake I'm doing
this thing with my trainer right now
where I'm trying not to have like any
sugar or starchy carbs and adapt not
full I really want ice cream and no
because I'm not having any sugar reading
the label is really dairy pero estoy i
gotta i bought some sort of food i'm so
hungry like i ordered a steak and the
steak the game he was like three inches
by three inches like a little skirt
steak and normally comes with like rice
stuff but i can't i'm not having the
rice right now so not i'm not full
he just a good happy I believe the
happiest place on earth we're going back
back home now gotta get the butt
oh it's nice and warm in here no but I
like it when it's nice and warm after
it's a little cold you're cold yeah
you're cold okay guys what's all I got
for you I didn't do much last night just
kind of went to bed and this morning got
up went to the gym now I'm back here and
I gotta start blogging again I did
notice a lot of you comment did like
what the hell was wrong with your
editing yesterday because it was um well
actually you're gonna see it today no
tomorrow you're gonna see it to me
anyway went to Disneyland and we were to
bus on the way there and so I was like
oh I have to edit this vlog and edited
before so I was doing it on my iPad on a
nap and you like put the end in the outs
of the clip and then you just push one
button and it drops into the timeline
well every time I guess the bus would
bump or something I may have pushed it
twice and dropped the clip in like
multiple times so that happened a couple
times anyway and I wasn't wearing
headphones and I finished right before
we got there so I didn't even watch a
final cut for uploading I was like I
just need to get this out to them so I
apologize for that but hey I'm just
trying to get stuff out to you as much
as possible so that's what happens but
I'm gonna edit here and I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye what you
gotta catch up
oh one right next to it also okay well
this is for the prize
