hey guys today were filming some more
drink videos if you notice look it's
Jake behind the camera because Brandon
has to work all day in Santa Barbara
today so Jake has taken over camera
position Man 1 and then Britney's here
what man 1 I had nothing to say just
Jake Jake I said if Jake ever had a
channel on YouTube it would be just Jake
something will always says it's just a
and Brittany's here it's just a team we
need a gang sign we need a team like
this like this yeah hey wait that's like
Delta Jake yeah this is like a cuz open
bottom yeah people are just gonna think
I'm doing like peace to this street yeah
pvp's huh
anyway so we just made our first drink
I'm not gonna tell you guys what it is
but it's really good yeah you guys will
see that soon it's it's it's a really
good one best part of doing this drinks
channel is just having all these drinks
around
they all taste so good right have we
made a drink that doesn't taste good no
no every every single one that we make
is great and I would love to drink it
all but I'm not gonna get wasted early
out of the day I leave that to Brittany
she's like doubting drinks and
everything yeah just double-fisting
drinks guys drinks bar v really really
ah look at this Brittany I just come
look he made something for you
no no it's not poop go look at this he's
excited and the toilet paper was like
out of his reach he had like climb on
something together it wasn't on the roll
so I don't know I know I'm gonna do it
this big man Brittany and I are about to
head down to Santa Monica Pier to go
play some games yeah that's a play games
and do like this and I go all the way
down CLO like again now I feel like I'm
doing one of those like MySpace pictures
are you doing it all the way up here I
just need to be in a bathroom you do
yeah just like standing up from the
toilet not even wiping yet like Oh
perfect selfie moment let's take it
ready to go and my office I work here
and hashtag hashbrown because I like
apparently Brittany has
with seven know we've ten oh we only
have seven before
oh no quick warmup
oh there you go there you go okay fine
you take this
one-for-one go for it
Oh
one right next to it also okay well this
is for the prize
right
okay let's see you win a prize
remember it angels in the outfield and
they hit some
go boy
you wonder fries so you get a large one
and I get a small one she she got three
down I got to okay push me saying like I
know you better than me oh I'm a way
better square than you
super-nice
we're going up to check out the
penthouse if you're in Santa Monica it's
a restaurant you got to take the
elevator up
look at that it's ready we're getting
there
okay oh my god it's like oh yeah I'm
like getting my camera and everything
there we go that's gonna go up above all
the stuff come on it's so bright in here
that's like a seed that's baby enough
it's so much better with the Sun
actually setting it's kind of dark
it's cool they have this though if you
guys you should come check out the glass
elevator here look up the penthouse
restaurant this restaurant has like feet
it's all glass all the way around and
it's like looks over everything that's
downtown down there and the whole way
around I'm like I'm like getting stuck
here so you could see I'll show you
like everything is windows all the way
around not about to go film other people
but super cool we decided for dinner
rather than like going out and get
inside to eat we would go out and pick
out some stuff to cook here so we're
gonna make something healthy and we're
gonna make zucchini lasagna right is
that what it is like with with ground
turkey like that and then to make
instead of the noodles we're gonna use
sliced zucchini and I hope it turns out
good because if not gonna be really
hungry still she left her monkey wallet
her monkey can hang out with my turtle
there they could be friends monkey and
turtle this restaurant has like view
it's all glass all the way around and
it's like it looks over
that's downtown down there and the whole
way around I'm like I'm like getting
stuck here so you could see I'll show
you it's like everything is windows all
the way around not about to go film
other people but super cool this is my
home I live here and my office I work
here
film videos here and hashtag hashbrown
because I like those to check out the
final result yep we're done right oh
yeah but you did excellent on your
chopping job I get actually trust her at
a knife
you gonna touch it up Pro here
I mean I kind of just want to stand back
and watch but I'm definitely gonna help
now we got the sauce cooking yeah I made
a little bit of a mess she was cleaner
and and much better than me but when we
dried out the zucchini in the in the
oven for a little bit so now we're just
waiting for the sauce to thicken up then
I got the cheese going over here which
is like ricotta and Parmesan and we got
mozzarella being added after I don't
know that's over here but yeah it's
coming along we just put it in the oven
we wrapped it up with some tinfoil put
it in there but we have lots of cheese
she has literally like been sitting here
and falling asleep I feel bad because
she has that she lives bought like she
lives by like Disneyland right kinda
there it took her like almost two hours
to get here today and she's like falling
asleep I was like I don't want you on
the road falling asleep and she has to
wake up at 6:00 in the morning so I feel
bad because the food is taking a while
maybe you should I mean you don't have
to stay for the food maybe I don't know
if you tired save you beef I will you'll
come back and then I'll have a piece
ready don't drive too tired and it's
this dangerous as driving drunk guys
look at this I think it's time for you
to go I will I'll save you a piece I
promise I will I promise
and I'll send you a picture and I'll say
like you should have stayed and your job
first I know I know she's got a long
drive I don't want her to drive tired so
I'm also telling her she should leave
now so get the hell out of my house
now I'll see you see you soon okay
Harvey Harvey you really you're gonna go
with her really really now that's been
there for 30 minutes I put it in for 15
more uncovered so now that's just who
the good cheese I think it's so that it
browns so 15 minutes on the clock let's
get this stuff going I'm super excited
to buy Britain doesn't get to enjoy it
okay
timers up let's see what this looks like
oh honey come on take this out come on
oh that looks like magic sauce mmm
let's slice this up and dice this up and
have myself a dinner it's literally like
look under the under side looks like
lasagna you got to meet the layers oh
yeah
Oh Marni on my second slice yeah like a
mess honestly though it tastes like it
was on yeah it's really good maybe we'll
put a link to this recipe I want to put
a link to this recipe in the description
just because you guys want to make it it
tastes like legitimately odd yeah it's
really good
okay guys what's all I got for you for
today I'm gonna head to bed I'm really
tired
it's a Saturday but I do my money'd
parting night yesterday I don't need to
go out so everyone's kind of keeping it
low-key
yeah time for bed for me because I'm
gonna get up and it's my sister's
birthday tomorrow
my older sister Jackie the one with that
has my niece so I got to get up and I'm
gonna go meet up with my family tomorrow
and start a new day so it is done for
today I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and I had definitely had a fun day with
Brittany and yeah that's all I got for
you so I'll see you guys again tomorrow
good bye
we're playing some awesome super smash
boom the new super smash bros wiiu is
sick
