hey guys new dead hanging out with mr.
Jake yeah mr. Harvey you'd enjoy it
we're playing some awesome super smash
boom the new super smash bros for you is
sick we play it we were playing so late
last night just it's awesome and new
mario kart I love it I was just uh I
just put up a the vlog from yesterday
you guys have already seen it so that's
why Jake's playing by himself now it's
time for me to get in the game and get
some action going yeah unfortunately
Nintendo doesn't allow me to monetize
the video if you show their content for
whatever so can't we show you too much
of the game unfortunately I wish I could
I was like asking though I was like how
do I still like you know allowed my
videos to to go through and not get
flattened but you can't right now so
that's unfortunate but it is a fun game
and
I've been having fun of it last night we
had such a bad storm like inventory am
is literally shaking the apartment like
an earthquake and then the phones went
off because we got the alert saying
flash flood warning it's cool now he's
got blue skies there's clouds over there
I'm sure they're gonna come this way
later that I think is like the giant
storm clouds and went over there but uh
it's nice today it's not raining right
now I think it's supposed to rain again
tonight I kind of wanted to go out
whenever Harvey here's the elevator
he'll just sit and stare to see it comes
out if someone comes up now it's someone
else in the building no one's coming out
but he'll just sit there you look like a
murder serial killer yeah with the fat
but no one's there Harvey nobody's there
no one's there buddy no one's there
is it would who rainbow la can't end it
right now Harvey not ready to end it
just ready to play some super smash
we're gonna go out tonight ah to
bungalow in Santa Monica mr. max mr.
Jake mrs. Daniel and mr. mr. Richard his
middle name is Houston tui uh so we are
going oh he doesn't want anyone to know
and I'm dead serious anyway let's Cheers
yes Padre to your face why I'll true see
max and to Jane oh I touched your body
enjoy here's to a good night Dewey his
first name is Richard middle name
Houston tui last name one I think it
fits Richard houston till we want Duke
using to me Walt we just come to e4
short in case you want to go back to
Teen you you will see Ashley Bell yeah I
don't think the red buttons on Rosie
Daniels taking one of my jello shots
last don't worry fuck you just roll
around it you know one chick oh yeah oh
yeah where's Wallace and he swallows few
shots
Wow it is it's loud here like
you again drink up again what better
than after bar to go to a diner Richard
got two shakes look at in two shakes he
got a peanut butter banana shake and a
strawberry shake damn four from both to
you you should but put both straws in
your mouth to dry it how does that taste
just like shockwave banana with peanut
butter but that's exactly Shauna's I got
steak and eggs steak and eggs for after
drinking what about you no cheese and
pancakes mac and cheese bacon yeah
french toast and the ship's Robin got
one in a short stack is steak and eggs
I'm not doing carbs right now so that's
why that's my game but I didn't change
me he didn't say we are feasting Daniel
got french toast and pancakes Jacob
maggot cheese and pancakes all I wanted
all-american Tyga that's all you wanted
I got steak and eggs and side of fruit a
really lot of pancakes but not doing the
carpeting right now I feel excited for
this just so exciting I'm not eating
your banking you're just no I'm good I'm
good I'm just steak and eggs great
things great well they all just left I
can see them going down in the elevator
and this fun night added cool night out
with friends and everything tomorrow I
got to shoot some more episodes for the
drink channel so I can catch up get
ahead of the game so I could really get
on my my my stuff for blogging and
pranking and drinking and I me for the
drink channel not actually drinking but
uh I mean I do drink in the drink anyway
guys I hope that you guys enjoyed
watching and yeah that's that's all I
got for you so I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye busy with Harvey
you
