hey guys it's a new day today I'm here
with mr. Jake you eating came to games
and yeah that's not a candy cane that's
your belly yeah and Brittany's here
hello food hanging I was up I'm zooming
in zooming in to say keeping it humor
they're cute with it oh you think I'm
Zoop okay oh it's still zooming wait
they put mayonnaise on your sandwich oh
yeah he's right high maintenance this is
what your voucher guys go fish cheddar
goldfish that would be cool just ate a
cheddar goldfish if you want to sponsor
me send me a ton of cheddar goldfish you
update them too yeah if you like cheddar
goldfish oh it's what you smell like
cheese ok we are prepping we're gonna be
shooting a right now we're doing a
Christmas episode for the drinks channel
and I got a crush this candy cane but
I'm trying to figure out what to
question with so we got to do that
you've been hitting
yeah oh just oh yeah I should just put
it right in between my bicep and just
yeah try it try it no cuz I'm going to
get like bicep juice on my candy cane
why are you sweating that much I'm not
sweating it's bicep juice yeah you would
understand it let's see your the gym
then you get bicep chance you don't cuz
I just bumped into an a2 what's your
name Matthew Matthew but you watch you
watch my blog stuff get much Roman
everywhere here
Robitaille I have a question though do
you know groupies who these people are
yes no that's Brandon yes don't know
that is oh she's jeez brain she's on my
drinks channel if you check out my new
trace Jeffy yeah he got it Brian no he
hasn't been around a little bit it's
Jake Jake that was really close that was
really good though and the fact that you
got pretty bc c well hey man it was
great to meet you thanks for your
support keep watching all right I good
meeting you yeah we just finished our
Christmas drink that will go up on the
twenty-fourth the one that I shot with
Brittany and it went well let's drink
that I made so I mean we both made it
but I made it up in my head but yeah it
tasted good and now she's busy with
Harvey
we just pleased in her face amazing yeah
boy high five yeah just
stop
it's gonna the longest clip of like no
talking or anything except for stuff
Brandon's trying to sleep right now
because he thinks he needs like regain
mental clarity to went to beat us how
this chick dude he just ripped oh my god
we were just playing the new Mario Kart
which is awesome almost as hard as his
women yeah one thing you guys don't know
about is that Brandon is completely
disgusted by girls farting or poopy I
don't mean like watching it I mean if he
just hears about it so yeah even talking
about it like even my mom loves to poke
fun my moms like you know blah blah oh
maybe his girlfriend Hannah maybe hannah
has an upset stomach and she has to poop
or something my mom will always say that
and he just so make sure you send
Brandon as much girl pooping stuff as
you can everybody uh he's just gonna
love it Jake just got his car service i
gotta pick him up by while you're
waiting we'll go to build copy i love
tell stopping this is like
if you watch you know I love it whenever
I bring Harvey up to the roof he runs
straight away and goes and peas he's
good about that as soon as he's kind of
poop he has like his ritual it takes
like 15 20 minutes it's so long like it
why can't you just poop why can't you
just poop boy huh huh why can't you just
poop he's like already okay well Jake
and I are gonna start the day and so I'm
gonna end this vlog here and start a new
ones that we could block a new day I'll
know we're doing today but they'll see
that in the next look cuz I got a vlog
again today I'm ending this is the end
of yesterday's yeah so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye alright close it
Harvey close it close it here close it
now you got a fully closet oh my god
there you go check this out Mario Kart
deluxe set it's a Wii U from Nintendo
yeah buddy oh I'm excited
