hey guys it's a new day I hope you guys
enjoyed yesterday's prank that I put up
of the dog food sandwich prank I didn't
Richard which was disgusting I could
literally taste it when he slammed in my
face but anyway I'm gonna go if you
notice my hair is all fluffy fluffy w
right now I'm going to go to chairs
loves new barbershop that she works at
and I'm gonna pay her a visit and get
myself a haircut because everything's
starting to grow out and it's time for a
haircut so I'm going to do that and just
feed little Harvey here you still got
some food left buddy to get some food
he's a little tired right now I'm gonna
just feed him and then head out I'm Jets
getting to the barbershop now it's
called a house of clippers if you guys
want to get a haircut by a cherish love
it's in canoga park and just look up
house of clippers this is our new place
you guys can schedule an appointment to
and if you want you can request any
haircut you want because she's pretty
amazing hello I help i'm aiming it at
you and if you get a haircut here you
can get a free drink drinking a beer
while i'm getting a haircut can't get
better all done all good in the
neighborhood i am happy with this
haircut and I'm enjoying it and thank
you again it's cherished loved and if
you guys do want to get a haircut you
can just go here yeah i think i may i
don't know i might be heading home now
I'm gonna see what my moms too I see she
wants to get lunch but she may have
already eaten so we'll see I just got
back to the apartment and I have package
I love it when i get a package
especially when I didn't order anything
so let's see what it is
come on ok open got to cut this to all
this tape better be good ok Oh check
this out Mario Kart deluxe set it's a
Wii U from Nintendo yeah buddy oh I'm
excited I'm really excited because I
know you guys I went to that Nintendo
event not too not too long ago and you
guys know that one of my best friends is
Macy who lives in New York she works for
Nintendo too and she got me hooked up
with like the you know the nintendo
youtube influence or program and
everything and i told him i said they
asked me what i play so why I don't have
the new wii u they said oh well then we
should get it to you and they did they
sent me a wii u the mario kart 8 deluxe
it i'm so excited mario kart is like one
of my favorite games I cannot wait to
play this look at this 60 new toy oh
yeah
nice as we you oh oh mario kart 8 and
the steering wheel and everything yeah
and check this out whoo I could see
myself in it yeah I always want to set
this up right now look how sick this
mario kart edition wii remote is while
we well hell yeah and that can go right
into the steering wheel yes son you want
to see how much Harvey loves the we
check this out look Artie
Harvey
I don't know how good that is for the TV
and but it's a good workout for Harvey
what are you doing up there buddy will
you do another counter Harvey what are
you doing on the kitchen counter what
are you doing what are you doing great
come down think he wants to come down ok
guys what's all I got for you for this
vlog I didn't go out or do much last
night just kind of play around a system
and had like a nice relaxing saturday
night yeah don't know what I'm going to
do today but I'm gonna end it here so I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
this is the beef one right here and this
is dog food mush
I think he's gonna enjoy
