hey guys it's a new day and right now
i'm waiting for brandon to come over and
I think what our plan is for today at
least we're trying to I can't even get a
hold of richard since Richards back in
town we really want to prank him so
we're trying to get him good with
something and when Brandon gets here
we'll figure it out because I think we
have something good planned for him
we're out to eat right now and i got
myself a chicken vegetable soup would
you get ready I got a cell phone
you can just taste the Wi-Fi ok so to
prank what freshman fresh pit no no look
at let's get the dog the canned stuff we
need a dog food for what we want to do
to Richard so where's the weird cat
fancy feast where's dog food don't see
dog food gotta find oh right behind me
ok we need something that's kind of like
beef or anything beefy let's look beast
dude no that's got rice and stuff like
just feel you don't think rich are like
the roast three-dollar he might have we
gotta find something this is good this
is good rand rile is it Oh pedigrees
fine that's chicken and rice dinner we
need a live like right stuff are you
right okay I think that's a might be
good we're gonna pick something now we
need some manwich thick and chunky
sloppy joe sauce get two of these
hold that what okay I'll hold that well
now we need to get funds I'm back at the
apartment now and we have the hamburger
buns that we need to manwich thick and
chunky sauces for sloppy joes and one
pound of beef to make real ones and then
we only got one can of dog food because
it calls for we want it to be you know
look legit so this sauce needs one pound
of meat so figured one pound of dog food
will look good so we're gonna make two
batches of that and then when he gets
super angry cuz Richard could have a bit
of a temper so I'm hoping that the thing
that will fix his temper is four boxes
of gushers because he loves gushers
that's like gushers are like his
favorite thing the world so hopefully
four boxes of gushers will ease him down
from eating dog food I hope I realized
that what I'm making these drink videos
it's a it adds so much extra time to try
to put in an extra clip of my previous
blog just for the drink videos and
rather than and I'm only linking to the
channel I'm not linking to the videos so
I figured i'll put like a picture of me
to make it look like a flogging type of
thing rather than doing videos because I
don't need to show a video I'm live
launch and I'm not playing any audio so
it doesn't make sense I'm only playing
the audio the previous drink so we got
the lighting setup and everything for
the green screen in here I don't need to
throw out thing Brandon's going to shoot
some pictures and we're just going to
use some pictures that we can use for
the end car yeah put them right here
wait is there side that says gushers
okay oh this one's upside down there we
go aren't you put it right side like
that I did we want easy access for in
case you gets angry it's just like whoa
we can do this like ah Richard's angry
shoot that up look gushers boo gushers
so I hope that we're going to start
cooking we should you know what let's
make the actual beef one first because I
don't want to eat it after we've cooked
the dog food in the pan let's click that
so we're gonna make beef one first we're
adding the real beef this one's for us
go ahead and add it yeah
thick and chunky sloppy joe sauce this
is to this is the beef oh yeah
for him we have this pedigree chopped
beef dog food and I hope that this is
going to look like the beef okay let's
cook this bad boy oh it looks identical
to the girl baby
Oh Mike yeah oh my god is that smell
cooking dog food is disgusting
the smell of this dog food is putrid
while cooking but now we're going to add
some of this sloppy joe sauce oh yeah
num-nums right there mix this up Oh
goober sauce let's hope that we can get
this to look like that we'll try this is
the beef one right here and this is dog
food mush I think he's gonna enjoy it
Brandon and I just served ourselves from
beef one and we're putting the beef away
in here now we have the doctor one
Richard's literally parking outside so
we're just gonna serve Him and this is
all he's gonna see here I think I think
it looks good so we just heated it up
again oh I hope this works he's about to
come up he's coming up in the elevator
hello oh it's blurry there we go use it
up come here Harvey go see you hi go say
hi go say hi are you guys hungry yeah
let's eat we just cleaned up and
finished up Frankie Richard what did you
think of it roche good right no no you
enjoyed the gushers though if you can
come up here join the guy see I knew the
guy should be good this is who wants eat
that but look we killed that that ended
up being really good go check out the
prank on the main channel just
youtube.com slash Alex Mandel I'll put a
link to the actual prank down in the
description but I'm pretty proud of it
and I think it turned out pretty well oh
you're gonna have another box he already
finished two boxes he's on his third box
a new for box was a good decision now
that we got richer good
the demon buster sly play some games he
plays the game some great play some
games yeah you ready is awkward yeah you
already did that silly well you're a
lucky boy play some games oh shit for ya
yeah I got like 400 whatever tickets if
it's in
first time trying this machine is boom
and I win yeah who's the winner tonight
again yeah son second time yeah I got
292 stuff I got happy hands that's what
shit tier can get it on the first try
yeah yeah yeah yeah who gets two of
these on this machine I'm just wow then
what
holy yours is lighting up
yes
call it crazy but the tickets are coming
out you got it will it take it I don't
know take it right there yeah yeah he
got out again and that's the night so
i'll see you guys goodbye goodbye yeah
basketball you'll enjoy your dog food
yes good did you enjoy yours I see you
come on okay I'll let you guys out and
that's that's all we got for today my
friends that's it so I hope you guys
enjoyed watching please go check out
that prank if you haven't already we had
a lot of fun with it I was really hoping
it was going to work I feel like it's
super loud right now we're really hoping
it's going to work and I'm happy it did
so yeah let me know what you think and
that's all I got for you for today so i
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Daniel looking up me oh I'm gonna fall
get out no
