hey guys it's a new day and i'm bout to
head out right now i just got back from
the gym about to head out to LAX to the
airport to go pick up mr. Richard Wong
you guys throws you that are new that
that have never seen him he's like one
of my best friends that moved away to
China yeah every so often he he comes
back just he moved away to China about a
year year and a half ago and his family
still lives here he's with their self so
that's cool but I'm gonna go pick him up
from the airport and I don't know what
we're going to do it just haven't seen
him in months he was here like over the
summer but not recently so I'm excited
to go pick him up well it looks like we
got ourselves another rainy day folks
it's okay i love right it's good it's a
good change over here to get some colder
weather it's still not cold compared to
a lot of you other guy a lot of you
other people in different locations it's
really not that cold but anyway in case
you didn't see yesterday i launched my
drinks channel finally i know i slacked
hard didn't I but I just wanted to make
sure everything was set everything was
perfect I launched it first episode
lemon drop martini with Brittany and I
you guys love Brittany so she's on it
and
I'm just excited and just so you guys
know what the schedule is like I did
make a playlist on there so there's a
schedule it's gonna be a monday
wednesday friday schedule so three
drinks a week is what i'm going to give
you guys and it's going to be
miscellaneous monday so that's anything
from you know regular cocktail or
original cocktail all the way to like
you know maybe something fun maybe
incorporating alcohol with food or
something like that so it's just
anything goes for monday wednesday is
girly drink wednesday now guys don't be
turned off by that because girly drinks
are very important for both girls and
guys because when you have girls over
guys or if you want to impress someone
or anything or if you just want a good
tasting drink you're gonna need to know
how to make early drinks now i could
have made a manly day as well but manly
drinks are kind of boring and there's
not too many variations i mean you can
get into the really manly like
manhattan's or rusty nails and stuff
like that but guys you need to know
girly drinks the only time you're not
going to use them is if you're out on
like a date or something and you don't
want to order a manly drink it be like
hey ok gonna sex on the beach although
it sounds like unless you're actually
asking for sex on the beach then it's
pretty cool but other than that you do
want to know these girly drinks because
when you have people over and they like
can you just make me something good
tasting even if you have guy friends
over while you're at home and everything
like that or out of the party it's
really good to know how to make
good-tasting drinks and unfortunately
they're referred to as girly drinks so
I'm sorry guys I know that's a big
turn-off for a lot of people but I love
girly drinks too you gotta be manly
enough to enjoy a girly drink that's
what that's what how you got to see it
um but anyway and then on Fridays will
be shot Friday because start off the
weekend you're going hard with some
shots and they'll be cool shots
interesting style good tasting shots
just straight up really tough ones to
take it'll be all different variations
so I hope that you guys enjoy this it's
going to be fun I had so much fun
already shooting these videos and based
on the reaction I'm already getting from
uploading
the first one that you guys are enjoying
it so it's really exciting and I hope
that you guys are you know enjoying it
and I'm glad and happy and excited to
bring you guys along on the ride let's
do this still trying to find rich oh I
see Richard right as I turn this on I
see Richard walking oh yes yeah it was
like look at it like can you name a few
of these up there so I can see where you
are I found you oh you're we're under
china airlines over there over there
okay well that's actually good because I
parked across the street from where you
were over there okay well we're gonna
head out the airport now since I hate
the airport of course when Richard comes
back in town from China he doesn't want
Chinese food right yeah i want korean
buddy again so we get korean food I you
know they I just I never show them that
I come here they see me come here all
the time well I'm here all the time and
you don't show them no idea a lot I work
I work like a few streets away so that's
where my office is so let's hug korean
BBQ
well a dead will join us mr. Daniel
watching sumo push it out nah I you know
yeah that's bad
and then and then push it like pop it
back with your hand yeah that's what a
pic of people I just watching like what
that whole school Jenna really has to
pee in richard has not let him pee for
like the last 10 minutes Richard yeah
don't hit him
evidence each other in solana they just
decided they want to cuddle with your
job thank you you guys are not gonna go
back before we should sing guys move
ahead what do you any employer whatever
okay don't use any way well we were
enjoyed dinner okay well they just got
picked up roughhousing here and now I'm
alone so I'm gonna finish off food and
meet them outside they can't root my
Korean barbecue experience well since we
were just down the street we decided
come here and have a ping-pong paddle
come on oh no don't be an asshole he's
running me oh yes we do whoa just for
two Richard I'll rub you go rub your
muscle son on Daniel
fuck me oh I'm gonna fall get out no no
ah there's the woman hi yeah yeah yeah
time to gooo already leave Richard all
three of you all three of you yeah so
can we go oh yeah we're gonna leave
right now still we're heading out of
here what your fans checkers thing ya
know I'm talking about their day he is
like a pussy bump in between in his
thigh i think it's just like uncleaned
pubic area no it's not it's lower it's
down here yeah because you have you
hammer yeah you have a puss bump why
don't you let your people be the judge
of it no no no no no no ok guys what's
all I got for you for today I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching and please go
check out that drinks channel because
I'm very excited about it and I hope
that you guys are too it's finally here
so it's just youtube.com slash Alex
Mandel drinks i'll put a link in the
description below so you guys cuz i can
make it easier but that's all i got for
you so i will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye that take it out I'm
fine
