hey guys it's new day and I'm heading
out to my parents house right now and
we're gonna go to the Laker game for my
dad's birthday yeah so that's what
that's what he wanted to do and so I'm
excited I love going Laker games for
those of you that don't know I'm not the
biggest sports fan like at all but I
enjoy going to games like just the
energy in the room and everyone's having
such a good time it's just so much fun
like I love going Laker games now you're
not going to see me sitting at home
watching any sort of sports from my
couch but being at the games I love it
and so I'm always excited to go I got to
stop off first though to pick out a
birthday card for my dad because I'm the
king of last minute so on the way to
their house I'm going to go pick out
something and it's kind of like you
can't just pick out sign oh that's sweet
happy birthday blah blah no it's always
like it's got to be somewhat funny so I
got to figure out some sort of funny
card when I get there and we'll see
we'll see what they have how often do
you see this in LA we do need a good
rain but I mean
this is a lot of rain this came out of
nowhere yesterday was like 80 degrees
and now it is just just a mess we need
it though it's really good for us
because we have been in such a bad
drought I just picked out a card I was
looking around for a little bit I like
it when it's just like just simple so
it's it's uh my butt itches and then
just thought you'd like to know anyway
happy birthday then I got myself a pen
and I'm going to sign it love Alex and
Harvey and then I'm gonna have a card
for it but I have another idea I have
another idea that I think will make it
even better
I decided that I would pick bigger
packaging for my for my birthday card
and actually I didn't know why but he
came up with it with a good reason which
is big things come in small packages
although this is small things come in
big packages it's the other way around
so we're filling up this gigantic box
just for I guess I'll put the card in
now so just uh right that looks good hit
and then we'll fill up the rest
that card is the only thing going in the
box by the way when you can't find
something big to get someone you just
use what you got he was just saying he
made a really good point he said there
was a survey what did they say the
survey said what's the most important
thing people remember after they
unwrapping the gift yes so later on the
only thing they remember is the
packaging yeah like a little kid right
yeah the gift from the kid will you know
like on Christmas everything wants to
see a gigantic present you know what's
in it that's that's secondary but the
packaging you want to have something big
so I think I think he'll remember this
check this out of my trunk it is a
gigantic I don't know that's this is
gonna be it's gonna be crazy I don't
know I I think it'll I think he'll get a
laugh from him I hope so
that guy was very nice and he thought it
was funny but I was doing too and the
cool thing is is that's a lot of like
foam peanuts to be just like using for
one little gag and then throwing out
it's kind of a waste so when I'm done
doing this it's just down the street I
could take the packing the peanuts back
and
you can use them for people that
actually need them for packages but just
for the gag I'm going to use it so it's
good because I kind of felt a little I
was like this is such a waste filling it
with this but I'm happy he'll take it
back and good to go so now I just got to
deliver him his gift hello hello hey hi
hi hi hi hi what oh okay we're gonna
look at this picture my sister got uh my
dad Abbi
it looks like an advertisement it's a
bucket of a B it's a it's a hit tonight
it's an Abby it's another ghastly think
I know all the time sleepy sleepy
what yeah
this is my birthday yeah I'm like
yes your sign you can say from that Oh
cuz there's two outs
yeah no going so I'm good and I I don't
need nice tiny night I'll just pull it
up with these I'm scared what what is it
just by holding it off is our card the
cards with the gift
don't shake it don't shake what don't
kick it why you're kicking left oh why
are you picking a fight I'm trying to
scare oh hi oh my god exactly what I
wanted nice it's an entire box of
packing chips I'm always giving dad
particularly good you know fashioned
chips and the shape of an S yeah there's
nothing in there there's nothing in here
this what you snake in there oh hey I'm
sorry card open it
I'm opening the card shuffle in there
can you pass me a glass to second remark
my butt itches yeah that's nice just
thought you'd like to know anyway happy
birthday Alex and Harvey I did think
well thank you did you enjoy your gift
is that it it is a box of packing chips
and I wanted to make it seem like it's
better than it actually is
there's nothing in them no I will put a
card in there listen thank you look nice
so where do I put this yeah is there
nothing else in there no that go take
the gift out okay I thought that was
it is their swear on the bottom how do
you know there's some I'm not trying to
be dead take it out I'm trying
this is jism open up the things I'll get
it okay
can I open the rest tomorrow
why did you just take out the gift I
can't get again it's in the corner what
corner this corner no it's in this
corner every corner looks the same I
just want an equity I don't know I can't
get any you're not gonna take out my
gift I will take out your gift
why did you pack it like this I can't
tell me nothing there there's something
here
no this side this corner this side
oh this side that back Alex okay pick up
that thing it's a gay dad
what there's nothing here there's
something there's nothing are you
serious yeah so why'd you make me do
that the guy at the UPS store said that
there was a survey that said that kids
like when they get gifts the only thing
that they remember from the childhood is
the packaging so I wanted to make it
extravagant anyone should go take you
back to Yahoo here's my garage house
when did anybody just give me a box of
styrofoam you don't like what do you see
you're an expert
surprise well you didn't like it no I
liked it so thought that counts it is
and
you put a lot of thought into this it
did not a lot of dollars sometimes it's
just more about the thought yeah and
some things you make yourself the kid
that the children make themselves that
means so much more this is for me and
the guy deep you're gonna throw this
outlet in the garbage no the guy from
the UPS store is gonna take back the
peanuts yeah god no I it won't pop out
of you I promise
that was she's heard that is why no no
one wants to learn Staples Center here
at the that's going to lick game live
you guys should saw this in my last vlog
or whatever when I went out here for the
Auto Show and now we're here for the
game Oh
here we are
oh and all the chips it's every day yeah
you don't like Legos I I just smile is
not how much I'm a success see this see
this I wear it on my heart yeah I really
took my netbook but when I lose ten more
pounds of you there's hydrogen nipples
just with a towel
and years
misery the whole team
she's loving her first Laker game ever
Oh
ah
look at this
welcome
Oh
we are ready
I want the Apple with the nuts nuts yeah
you don't want the peanut butter
chocolate brownies that cake
Oh
alcohol
Brenda what he's day oh my mama go crazy
it's so close 30 seconds left what a
night
we got over time over that over time
Lakers take the win thank you buddy okay
guys well that's all I got for you for
today I was great game and I hope you
guys enjoyed watching the book mr.
Harvey Rhys Darby
hello I hope you guys enjoyed watching
this and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye if I'm gonna go
electric I might as well start with the
eye
BMW's super sexy electric car
