hey guys it's a new day today and right
now I'm heading over my parents house
because it is my nephew Axl's first
birthdays turning one that means he's
something because when you're zero
you're nothing that's not sure he was
always something when I was gonna be one
so I'm heading over there I'm a little
bit late because I was getting up yes it
was good so that's where I'm heading
right now and oh I you guys want to see
a very familiar sight of how you know
summer is coming in LA I'll show you
guys this is a very common occurrence
and someone's coming you see that yep
that whole like mountain area is on fire
that is a very common occurrence as
summer is coming it I feel like in most
parts the world is like oh my god
there's a huge fire but now lays my god
there's another fire there's going to be
traffic now I do hope that there are no
there's no damage to homes or even worse
but I hope that no one's injured but
regardless of that firefighters are
using very on top of it because no
expected but that looks like a big one
being a giant fire like that just looks
like it's coming from hell like it is a
big just like I mean it turns the sky
bottoms out I've seen it where the whole
guy turns at every color we're now
driving through the neighborhood I grew
up in
and there's no streetlights is not even
sidewalks dirt because this is also an
equestrian community so there's horses
everywhere you can watch horses there's
trails that go like all through the
hills through here everything seen walk
around it's very very quiet very dark at
night
there's no streetlights there's no
street lamps there's nothing as just as
I really enjoyed it I think it would
have been a very different upbringing if
I grew up like in some crazy City or in
Hollywood or something that as you drive
through there's like some stables and
horses everywhere this is a very normal
sight you just kind of go slow you don't
spook the horses
I remember when I was young my parents
used to take me for walks around the
community and we'd have a little bag of
carrots big carrot we can go and seen
all the horses I love doing that
says on the sign it's through the side
gate is over here here band play all
this horsey
the birthday boy no it's our Kings over
here it's broken I just broke now it's
okay I'll give you this clip oh he's so
happy on his person we already broke
horrible your work okay another birthday
fail I am The Queen of birthday filled
go look at every other you do like every
time between a pinata
the smash cake besides the kids panic
right now
was opinion and now it's missing cars oh
no it's really service ah now he's
smiling now he's happy
Castle ackle where you going he doesn't
stop for anyway let's go legal issues oh
look look this is here I can't come back
to my parents house and not go for a
little ride on the mini bike this is fun
I'm back home now now you guys didn't
see any like real riding on that because
one I've already showed you the blog and
two I do like to show you but I kind of
have to have like my like GoPro chest
mount and stuff like that because I need
one half to throttle in one hand for
brake so I can't show you too much that
many bike but we'll do future stuff with
that I'll be more fun stuff but we're
back home now I'm about to go walk out
with Richard to go for a walk to do some
live streaming but something very
annoying has just occurred I have my
cool twit sweatshirt everything that I
like to wear but if you notice this is
very long on one side and it hadn't gone
through on this side so I have to
restring this back through the hood like
little by little ah here it is
oh my gosh dropped it again yeah I don't
know oh great Richard what might get the
head I don't know
come on
how you trying to get I mean
yeah but if it's a plot there's not even
anything there
oh now you have him last night was good
because today is a holiday but tonight
could well be
okay
we are two normal gay guys just looking
for a female friend to hang out with
please be our friend ladies we are two
normal gay guys just looking for a
female friend to hang out with please be
our friend ladies ladies please be our
friend reminder for 30th of May 2017
remember to pack giant jelly dildos for
trip to Brazil reminder for 30th of May
2017 remember to pack giant horse dildos
for trip to Brazil reminder for 30 years
of May 2017 remember to pack giant
rubber dildos are you recording this
shit hello realize oh man we out here
man Africa tone man all in motherfucking
Santa Monica fucking with what's your
name Alex fucking with Alex just a me
Alex
hello they say big cities big lights
fast cars fast business fat bitches in
Los Angeles baby yeah but I always tell
them it is if you ain't got time I got
time you married I'm married all I need
is two Wiggles in a jiggle
yeah wait what is the difference between
a wiggle and a jiggle maybe the students
to get it up with you give me two we're
gonna do that's all I need so I give
them two Wiggles
there's the wiggle and then I did a
jiggle wiggle little jiggle we're gonna
do it we are back now those were some
clips directly from the stream while we
were just out I love it it's so much fun
to go out there and just like meet
really interesting people and come
across really interesting things like
having a camera already out and
streaming just makes it such a
difference than people come up to be
like what you doing
what's going on everyone's like very
curious what it is so it gives a whole
different experience because when
there's something going on and I'm vlog
you have to pull this camera out and
then vlog it so I kind of capture it
like a little after the initial moment
with streaming you like cap
right away whether there's fights going
on whether there's anything a few
streams ago there was a guy who was
sitting next to me in a bar and then
pulled out a knife this is just weird
things that go on that I wouldn't be
able to caption here because I don't
have this rolling rolling all the time
but it's a fun time thank you guys so
much for all your continued support I
love you I want to keep doing this with
you guys I hope that you feel the same
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye
check this out with these three evenly
spaced plywood panels it could be like a
separated ak-47 we tried different
things to find good spacing and what we
realized was a good marker for spacing
is 50 AE rounds so that seems to be good
space and then we have tin foil on the
gaps make sure I'm not going to markup
this top counter top
