hey guys it's new day and Brandon just
caught me he's outside so I don't want
to keep him waiting but he wants to go
to and I do too we're gonna head over to
the auto show check out some cool cars
it's only open til it's gonna be closing
up on sunday so we got to get it in now
and go check it out so that's what we're
gonna go do right now and then I don't
know what we're doing for tonight I
think Jake's gonna meet up this later
we're gonna have a good time yeah buddy
dude I can't get any privacy with unity
rennes is trying to play with itself
here now that we're at the Auto Show I'm
going to be the language myself a whole
lot once we get over certain cars yeah
we just walked in right now so we're
gonna head over and check out some cool
cars let's go let's go let's go to the
Pinto section
Bentley over here
what are you looking for
volkswagen ok I found a car for a
Brandon friends good for you good good
gives me some shoulder rounded money in
it too yeah
go potty in the car if I'm going to go
electric I might as well start with the
eye
BMW super sex the electric car you can't
deny that I like my glad you like gas I
like gas yeah comes from the man who
drives a big honking truck I like gas
yes like parts yeah yeah yeah
his apart man i'm a diesel part man yeah
we're walking into like probably the
best one here at the aftermarket room
check this stuff out
and I see one over there that i really
want to check out because you guys know
I love to bartend so I'm going to look
at a few but look at these legs
likereply seats and stuff in the year
these are awesome hey let's go I want to
show them the one that I walk Ferrari
yeah I'll take the Ferrari to check this
out ready
it's got his own bar and I should try to
find a way to put that in my car
deathly in it has a white Oh down there
yeah the wine cooler and everything get
me carrot stick they can't equip it with
an applicator talk about drinking and
driving Lakers are playing tonight here
at staples center i'll be going to laker
game on Sunday actually from a dad's
birthday his birthday is tomorrow or
while you guys watching this is
birthdays today but we'll be going there
on Sunday first birthday and now we're
going to go to the ESPN Center to grab
some dinner we're hungry yet how we're
going to clock
okay go to cut via because i know you
love fish I love sushi I was using my
favorite food he doesn't even eat fish
look at this it's beginning to look a
lot like
really live right now
every two seconds people walk about
tickets tickets tickets tickets Laker
game I'm gonna go there sunday
let's go ice skating no okay okay guys
well it's all I got for you for today
right Harvey it's all we got it's all we
got for today and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching I had fun at the Auto
Show and just came back and I kicked it
with a Brandon and now Harvey and I are
gonna go to sleep right buddy time for
bed so I'm gonna leave it out here and i
will see you guys again tomorrow you
want to close it out buddy close it
close it often take it out I don't want
to see me play food looks like would you
be turkey and so da potatoes this
village stuffing care so good this is
what the rink yeah when they found out
and there's still more coming out cert
everything no I love Thanksgiving
