hey guys it's Thanksgiving today hello
mr. death he's watching the game and
then I know no she was awake the whole
time except for when I want a vlog her
what there's no soap in there we should
get soap will get soap no one in my
family really knows how to cook so I
cook I like to but because of that we
use your caterer everything so like we
have this career chip area and then
check out this super nice everything
over here looks good really good
yeah we have to get everything catered
or else we're gonna end up at a
restaurant but it's really good because
then we get good food there's no chance
of burning anything it's just fun time
with family and everyone Abi's up Oh
at least she's awake think we're ready
to eat I'm gonna set you know you ready
well usually what we do is we wait for
my dad to finish eating dinner and then
we all fit in the be like see you first
it's like a cleanliness thing I want to
see my food Turkey and soda and all
potatoes and there's still more coming
out sir everything what are you getting
yeah they with chocolate brownie bread
pudding let me help you cut that that's
the chocolaty brownie bread pudding
if you make did you get the chocolate
brownie bread pudding get ice cream and
as quick as it's all here it's all God
yep now all we have is lunch for the
rest of the week yeah this is like super
stocked with stuff everything over here
from like a whole thing of creamed
spinach and these are like cookies and
stuff although my sister and I we're
trying to avoid any like pies or cookies
or anything today we did cuz
Thanksgiving but so we might just go out
tomorrow and give out the cookies and
everything to Hollis people Rock Santa
Monica because we're not going to eat
them or at least it'll make it so that
we can't eat them because we won't have
them so it'd be good to do that it'll be
good some people will appreciate your
leftovers more than you although I enjoy
having lunch in the refrigerator after
all that food last night is of course
I'm just gonna go to sleep so I didn't
do anything I texted Jake and Jake was
like yeah maybe we'll go out but when he
got back even he texted me he's like
dude food coma not gonna happen so I
went to bed now my parents are out here
again we're meeting them down the street
at swingers grab some breakfast so
after Thanksgiving breakfast you put
breakfast time dad yes
look up
Oh what my novel
Oh should I wait a couple minutes I'm
gonna cover that stuff delicious
delicious look at all your food and I
got oatmeal because it's what she in it
and it's mushy it's good if you guys
have seen my dog eat before mr. Harvey
he eats so fast that I got this special
bowl that has this big thing in the
middle and it makes it so it's a little
harder for him to get it and he eat
slower he doesn't choke every time right
Harvey you still you're still hungry yes
like towards the top he could still you
pretty quickly but then as it gets lower
he's like trying to push the food around
the bowl it's a little bit sad but it's
better than him choking on his food
every time but anyway you guys I'm done
vlogging for this vlog my thanksgiving
vlog I'm done I hope you guys enjoyed it
hope you guys enjoyed it again and yeah
so I got for you so I'll see you guys
again tomorrow
good bye we just finished shooting and
Brian he cried right but yeah it's just
it was good times good time every why
you can you can use the wig and get fat
it'll be very sweet
