hey guys i'm on my way right now to
YouTube space la went to the YouTube
space because a long time ago you guys
probably saw that I went and did the
unlock the space which means that you
know you are able to film and rent any
equipment you want at YouTube space and
it's a really cool program but the
requirement is that you have to book the
space within the first two months to
show them that you know what you're
doing and then you're good to go well I
got busy that was when i was doing deal
with it and I didn't book the space so
what they had said was I have to come
back and do the orientation again which
is another three hour thing about
learning how to use it even though I
know how to because I've done it before
but i'm heading to youtube space right
now and I gotta do I'm going to do
because I want to be able to use it and
this time I have more time to actually
booked the space when I need to so I was
supposed to be going here branded but he
got work today he got a job so I'm just
heading there myself and I'm gonna go
through the orientation all over again
you too here we are I have arrived at my
destination outlook they put a play
button on the building but why is it
silver it's supposed to be red
I guess they try to be sleek silver is
sleek it is just getting here now I
don't know how much i'll be logged cuz
i'm actually doing the orientation but
i'll try to figure it out whoo time to
go inside i just finished the
orientation actually orientations still
go on from down another hour but I was
like hey so how long do I need to stay
if I've this is the second time around
that's like I just didn't both they're
like oh well then he could just leave
early and then they had free subway
sandwiches and cooking some chips so I
got free food and good the space is
unlocked again for me now I just need to
really book within 60 days or I'm coming
back again for another orientation this
time I'll do it definitely while I was
in there I walked through the hallway
and past mystery guitar man he's
shooting here right now shooting a short
film and then in post-production I saw
maxnosleeves at an edit babe one of the
other base and if you don't know
maxnosleeves is he's jenna Marbles his
ex boyfriend but I actually I recognized
him because of his big beard that he has
no but uh yeah it's now I'm gonna head
home and figure out something to do me
made it with Jacob Brandon that
something it would just figure it out I
don't know we'll see mr. Harvey mr.
Harvey I gym this morning at seven
thirty in the morning so now I'm back
and I'm waiting for my sister then we're
gonna go to Starbucks stop I need a copy
what do you want to talk to what do you
want to say oh you're kind of close it
I'm not trying to end it right now sorry
buddy oh no he really wants to end it
but brought yet not sure I'm you and
would switch with friends and look it
look it they are just Harvey is loving
this uh yeah he's so ridiculous
he's like a lot look you can do it ah so
much fat dog to flip around oh don't
ball yeah he's big now he's like 50
pounds and he still got a lot more to
grow yes no I already of course you have
two minutes there's more people here now
we're watching deal with it it's the
episode I'm co-hosted we just watching
king batches a segment he was coasting
as well now we're all watching hi and
hello and hi Harvey you're not facing
the TV Harvey never faces the TV he
looks at me because he's like why do I
need to watch my TV's right in front of
me he's the only smart one here but
we're we're watching it and if you are
if you already saw it cuz it was on
yesterday for you guys I hope you
enjoyed it let me know what you think or
thought think about that i think in
finish your whiskey second bag your
super bowl upper Alex and now it's do it
maybe I don't do on your blogging
challenge our condition overall her a
dozen subscribers it did thank you for
subscribing best today I over a thousand
subscribers apparently right there yeah
I already in your pieces per here let's
go i can't show all of it but when it
goes on youtube i'll show you guys the
clips from italy we decided to go to
shabu today to each other that's what
it's called eat shabu and we got
strawberry lemonade sake or soju
actually so every lemonade so do
give us two pitches yeah shots Cheers
bye yeah oh did I not get you I'm gonna
give him oh you getting against picture
oh that's okay now we drink we drink yes
we do
subscribe listen it's really really
sweet
it's panty dropper yeah and I my panties
are on the floor I'm not gonna wear any
panties today just just my boxer briefs
before we have a night on the town we
gotta our alcohol shotgun I think first
up is mr. Keysha you know it's a little
blurry there we go there we go high
production value right here he's on the
phone we're gonna shoot him in the mouth
and we're done when he's trying to
gather he's on the fuck ya get fault
yeah thank you what's up dude II wish I
would move the phone ready Freddy okay
close your eyes because I don't wanna
get you nice and oh it kind of got it
kind of got it was a little bit weak
soon my bear it's in your beard oh it's
still spring ah did it give you enough
no give me more I gotta give him another
one to round to squirt okay honey this
one should work this one should okay
ready oh that one hahaha oh yeah that
one squirted that was the squirter we
got a squirter people order she's a
squirter that was that was a good one I
was really good Harvey has a really
weird way of finding things that he was
to play with that I don't know how he
gets to it somehow he found a roll of
toilet paper I don't keep any rolls to a
baby where he can get it but we walked
over to the couch and he found a roll of
toilet paper everywhere Thank You Harvey
he must have done this and then walked
to my room and went to sleep he goes and
puts himself to bed at night and then
we're gonna go out so he's sleeping and
we're pregaming I'm about to finish this
drink and then we got our uber waiting
outside so I'm gonna hop in that over
and head out to Main Street yeah buddy I
fell
after a while I drinking get have
burritos Oh ubers here we're going back
up on going back home you know goodbye
Luke Wait Wait or fine i'll talk to you
guys right we're heading back to
apartments y by x hahaha whoo we got
lewbert's you oh fuck we're going back
we're all well we went to sleep we woke
up we got starbucks it's a new day yes
watch your show more thankful thing it's
just starting you didn't miss anything
nobody likes minutes logs anyways I'm
gonna end this one and start up a new
one Harvey you want to come end this one
huh you watching the show too he's
watching the show too anyway I'm gonna
when I just ended here I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye 5,000
yeah yeah yeah Mike it's all fun
