hey guys it's a new day and I actually
just I put up yesterday's blog right now
but you guys saw that and I also i was
watching it and i have so much fun with
those pranks on friends and i read that
that i actually I'm gonna tell you i
want to start getting to do like one
prank a week you know on my Alex mod√®le
chat not in this blog job and that's my
goal is to start doing a prank on there
but you know what's been holding me back
because I was like I gotta think of
these epic like viral video pranks but
then I started talking about with
Brandon I was like you know we really
don't I mean obviously will do big
pranks and would be fun here and there
and every day that will try to do those
but what's also a lot of fun is just to
prank your friends almost like a like a
prankvsprank style how they do a
boyfriend a girlfriend but this is to
friends and family and everything I
think that these classic fun sort of
pranks are just fun to watch and
everyone could laugh in there you know
they're harmless and enjoyable I think
that if you guys agree with that please
let me know in the comments because it
always I'm always like I don't want to
give them something they're not going to
like so if you guys do enjoy just like
fun pranking on friends I will
definitely do that try to get like at
least one out a week because that it was
so much fun last night doing that so let
me know if that's something you guys
would enjoy or if you're like nah screw
the the classic pranks on friends we
really want to see these big epic ones
which I could try to work on those but
you know I I think it would definitely
be a lot of fun to do friends pranking
friends Jake just got here hello mr.
Jake and hi Riley we're gonna head to
bodega wine bar which is down the street
its wine wednesday so i think like every
bottle they have is 12 so that's good
and i don't know how much we're gonna
drink but we're going to go there to eat
to they have some good food i started
this new thing I feel like really full
right actually started this new thing
apparently i'm not hydrated enough so
i'm trying this whole i looked it up
online drinking making sure a drink a
gallon of water day so i bought this and
as a gallon
and I fill that in the morning by the
end of the day I gotta have it finished
so I keep filling up this thing super
mario bros and i have like a little bit
left and then I finished my gallon for
the day and apparently I looked up there
was like this study this girl did it and
not only does she's like not fatigued
she feels good it cleans out your whole
system and apparently you like lose
weight doing it so I'm not replacing
food or and I'm just making sure I drank
a lot of water but it's really tough and
I feel really heavy we didn't end up
going to bodega y bar because we went
there and it was super PAC that we
couldn't get a table that seat yourself
so there's no way to get table just so
we have going to miss fit which is like
one of my favorite place down here in
Santa Monica and amazing foods but
chicken sandwich crispy chicken sandwich
yeah has like spicy mayo and apple slaw
really good but now we're just walking
back but look at how dead third street
is you've seen a performance like that
it's empty and the apple store closed
everything's closed to dead everyone's
got away what are we gonna do will you
to take what would be good too we're
just gonna walk back to the place good
plan let's do that well guys clearly
again I didn't there wasn't much going
on last night we just kind of went back
Jake fell asleep on the couch and then
we watch TV and then i went to bed
because i had to go to the gym this
morning my trainer was at seven thirty
so i didn't want to stay up to too late
but because i don't want to end it short
for you guys I have something I have a
special treat so I before I lived here
in santa monica i lived in malibu it in
my old place we still liked him without
I wasn't vlogging her doing YouTube
stuff like that but we were still prank
each other and for fun it was Jake's
birthday and Brandon's like hey for your
birthday I figured I'd get you like five
scratchers well four of them were real
one of them was not so check this out
this is this some funny stuff
don't you do it we went three bucks oh
my god no fuckin way no fuckin way no
it's not hungry yeah yeah oh my god
that's three it's why does it rate if it
that's the jackpot you as they said you
would have to find us noise check one
person to the mini area once you've read
it let's say 25 wonderful at least five
and fifty baby thing wherever like to
get there slowly takes a hundred more
must be sent
money fair what did she / address may
Cleveland of your dreams she gotta say
it was because we got all I know well
that's the worst thing ever see me you
still got one more to strappy no that's
a good one that's what I was like no way
it's always so much fun to prank friends
and that's why I was saying that I
really wanted to just like you know keep
doing that and actually to this day jake
hasn't gotten branded back and you
really wants to so maybe I can help him
do that and film that now this is like
more of a simple classic you know
lottery scratcher prank did you buy
something that we were trying to make
them a little bit more elaborate but
this is great for you know I still love
it it's still fun it's it's it's a it's
a good time but yeah let me know what
you guys think about that also if you
want see some more pranking tonight on
TBS I the show that you deal with it
i'll be hosting tonight's episode at 9pm
8 p.m. central this is for you guys in
the US so I'm sorry if you live
somewhere else they probably will upload
clips to youtube and I could show you
guys that later but for those who live
in the US tonight on TBS watch deal with
it 98 central i'll be hosting and let me
know what you think like on Twitter or
whatever or take pictures of it and
Instagram it tag it tag me yeah cuz
it'll be cool but anyways guys uh that's
all I got for you so i will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye this is not
nearly
so what I did to you then they have
flour all over my fucking car now
content is gonna try to fuck a cake
