hello my friends and fellow a tamers hey
Harvey what do you want to say we won't
say who you mr. Brennan's here what a
bullet what up what up homie g slice
don't you didn't vlog ascent we were
just had a huge meal at McDonald's like
10 minutes ago we like 30 murders peace
oh yeah dollar menu of course we
actually went to Pato burger he's never
tried that pastrami burger I showed you
in a couple months ago and what you
think of the pastrami burger if you
would think what pastrami and an amazing
burger and sauerkraut and mustard tastes
like together that's what it is oh okay
so you could just said good that would
be it wasn't that what it suffice was
not good it wasn't good whose cream oh
great that's great
oh yeah boom boom yes sir that's it
gotta fly for me he's hit me in the nuts
with a mustache as I posted just a
snapchat he's like it's okay because
it's on camera see ya for you it needs
to benefit me too but you look so scared
writer not watching go bite his nuts
Harvey this love love this bad boy
Brandon wants to try it with pure vodka
just kidding it's just water I'm just
trying it out wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait close your eyes what because
Jake gets shot right in his eyes Kevin
its water all right are you doing thing
to me no go closer go closer you just
fill it great i got my phone charger all
wet did you yes oh don't hit me with it
no no no oh just got what oh and the
reason why I hit him in the nuts
whatever you love you is if you look at
his snapchat which is just Brandon
Sherman he hit me in the nuts through my
heavy rubber mustache at my wiener and
now he's got it goofs around comes
around man clearly now it's a new day um
I just I held off on blogging for a
little bit I like was scared I was
getting it cold and I was like I don't
want to like I just want to do nothing
just to make sure I don't wear myself
out everything's cleared up now I'm all
good to go look at this and spruced up
my stash for you hey anyway so yeah look
I'm all dressed up now what I'm what I'm
doing tonight is I'm going to
you guys remember Macy from New York and
I told you she works for Nintendo and
tonight is a Nintendo event for
youtubers here in LA and she's here so
I'm excited for the event but I'd be
more excited to see amazing but I'm I'm
gonna head down there and it's I don't
get a plus one tonight so I'm alone
which already scares me because blogging
is weirding out the vlogging in a room
full of people who don't know you is
even weirder but I guess they're all
youtubers so they understand right and I
hear about certain people that are going
so hopefully we go meet some cool people
play some cool games because it's a
Nintendo event and I get to see base
again so let's do this the last time I
parents came here they actually
surprised me with a gift they bought me
shoes check out these shoes so these
clear cool nice shoes but the special
thing about them is that they are
moustaches and they are specific than
made by Tom's but there they are the
moat I don't know if you could read it
it's the movember edition let's see
there we go movember edition shoes so I
got shoes to match my stash and I'm
ready to go mark I think you're winning
you what's right hey
well your selected solo you can do green
screen videos here we just seem good i'm
here just Pikachu I was Mario it's very
fitting of the message here check out
the picture
you
we're snacking what's the word way there
on the table wikis bread it's some pass
my teeth you make sure I don't everybody
be quiet shake right here what's in your
head until she let you draw the news
don't fucking try to take it if you try
anything I Mickey's motion where you do
I want like these two yeah yes cookies
if you try anything funny imma drop it
not for me no it's on the way German
under your pants don't do anything crazy
Zach doing anything crazy ok not do that
again ya know somebody has my keys hey I
really does genders hard metal come on
sir handel haha are you serious I didn't
leave when they're exactly I don't have
to be women I don't know my keys how
about to get aimbot you mad guys really
is apparent in the table so messy we
should fuck up what do you win swept in
this is this various fam ah stop feeling
me up what's in here
anyone driving by is just watching him
reach into everyone's pants my friend
Zach he really wants to slap my other
friend esman and so he's gonna hide out
front of his house and wait for us to
drop him off and he's gonna go Oh Rick
do something now he wants to get him
back so we're trying to figure out what
we could get we're at a 7-eleven and he
wants to go over to zachs place and like
cover his car it's something but he
doesn't I mean they're friends in the
end so he doesn't want to put something
on his car that's gonna ruin the paint
so no eggs no nothing like that so we're
trying to figure out something that's
funny but still you know he just wash it
off that's the point it's all supposed
to be fun and games nothing supposed to
be destructive except you just got
slapped in the face we looked up a bunch
of different things that wouldn't ruin
the paint and we found that the best
option is to cover the car and
all-purpose flour because if you try to
wash it off with water it then turns
into pretty website glue and don't worry
I checked a few websites and they said
it's a terrible prank because they have
to literally like rub scrub it to get it
off but it does not affect the finish of
the car so I don't care if he has to
work for but it'll be funny at least
it's not not destructive but we'll see
how it goes get the whole windshield
hello I just saw your truck drive by
what was that not you know I'm taking my
dell back to his car right now what what
were you my car I don't know who's
taking power he's next to me is that
flower sherman i phi i saw your truck no
bro that wasn't my truck Sherman I saw
your fucking truck it wasn't my truck
what what did he do that flower I have
no idea
do you relax it's just a prank Jack Jack
you just Zach you just met me in my
house to slap me relax it's a joke how
do you want me to clean it dude wait bro
you're just smearing it look at the
front right now
yeah me like a paper towel to pay for it
this is not nearly close to what I did
to you then they have flour all over my
fucking car now tim is gonna turn to
fuck her cake but I was living in my
room about the fucking jack off and go
to sleep and I got fucking flower on my
car coming off just put your thumb in it
well that was fun i'm back at my place
now um i always enjoy good night of okay
well that was fun I'm back in my place
now clearly i always enjoy a good night
of just messing around and having a good
time and I'm really excited that I got
to see Maisie of course I miss her she
lives in New York so I barely ever get
to see her since that beat I'm happy I
got to see her and I got a little
parting gift from there the little
goodie bag at the end has a cool hat
old-school Nintendo hat is a young she
just cool because I'm always oh she went
but I quiet card and stuff and check out
this water bottle that I'm totally using
at the gym Super Mario Brothers water
bottle yeah that's awesome so the things
that they gave us that was great I had a
good time you know I obviously didn't
vlog much at the party which is kind of
like you go there play the games that
can't believe Ottawa playing games and
then niche hung out so it was it was fun
then after went in
had a good time messing around I hope
you guys enjoyed watching and I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye okay
hold Harvey got him okay
