hey guys so you guys saw my alcohol
shotgun I put it down to do this this
ridiculously so I just noticed water
because I think Harvey was take a shot
of water come here buddy
where you going you want to take a shot
I'm gonna take a shot come here buddy do
anybody yeah yeah you ready you ready
you ready here we go here we go
and if you like that yeah it was
ridiculous oh yeah you loved it buddy
you want more shots of water now I gotta
clean that too it it cut everywhere ah
after seeing the John wick movie he
drinks this like cool-looking bourbon in
in the movie called Blanton's and we did
some research I actually have never
heard it apparently it's a popular one
but we're like let's go to bed mo and
buy a bottle at my collection friend yet
let's go we'll drive there and we're
going to we're gonna buy a bottle hope
it tastes great has like a ninety one
wine rating which is pretty high looking
forward to tasting hmm
damn well the best place to shop ever
remain faces behind me wait I want
whiskey wait it's over here if we got to
find this found it oh yeah really really
though then I'm straight now I'm scared
yeah wait he's right here we could just
we could just ask other than just liquor
they also have like really interesting
sodas anything from like peanut butter
and jelly
sweet corn pie al kicking everything
orange passion guava sounds good I like
this Bulldog root beer
they tell your fans to watch they live
they live they live the famous line I'm
not gonna say it cuz you got to see the
movie okay well there's a famous line
but you'll get the reference and that's
why it says a lot of bubblegum yeah and
they have bacon soda which got
ridiculous cuts I've tried the peanut
butter and jelly one and let me tell you
it's disgusting we got some interesting
choices just got back to my place and
when we brought the Blanton's to the
counter at BevMo the guy looks at it
he's like okay Clanton's we had it it's
like yeah he said you got it in
yesterday and the other guy told us he
got it yesterday and he was like oh
every time we get a shipment
it's like gone he's like if we got it
yesterday all of them are gonna be gone
by the end of this weekend apparently
it's on super high demand and they only
ship out like barely any bottles to
select stores we happen to be super
lucky to just like go there and assume
they had it and they did on the bottle
it's actually like let me see each other
so this stuff and everyday that is
actually like what I'm pointing to and
everything is handwritten the handwrite
the batch numbers and everything on each
bottle and it's supposed to be like
amazing he's like it's always on super
high demand and he's like you might as
well buy two if you want it he goes I'm
not telling you to buy two I can't
really tell you to do that but he's like
but let me just tell you I don't know
when we're getting it next and when we
get it we have it for like a few days
and then it's gone for a while so I got
to yep and they come in this cool bag
Blanton's bag and one of them did yet
the other bottle when he grabbed the
second bottle he just handed us this and
I was like okay well I guess he doesn't
have the box let me realize
it comes with the bag normally so kind
of got gypped on the bag the sale on
whatever it I'm really excited to try it
neat little hands
there you go my god the stuff like blows
up on the little bloom in my face
yeah I did Oh Harvey get out of here
oh this and wax take it lover be all
right what a chick don't you suck oh
cool right house was easy
please eat up yeah look laughs we want
this one
yeah if you remember Jake got me those
glasses I afford those and then to drink
like my scotch or bourbon or anything I
with giant cubes they're humongous so
these boobs
huge
cool I'm ready for this builders waxing
me later what I'm going to say that
well good it smells really good Cheers
let's taste this
ah
it's really good yeah it's gonna be my
new favorite your favor it's it's like
super super smooth rip therefore it's a
good ones vermin done right yeah if you
guys were lucky enough to go out find
him try it oh darling dig in it although
he's gonna break that now that I know
now now it oh hey Jake Jake Jake said
you started quick slide that flyby alarm
buddy
yeah huge gun soup hey guys ooh yeah I
got the spinach Mediterranean salad it's
really good here
wet tender greens in Santa Monica what
I'm about to do do not try this at home
please
so Jake your safe area you got Harvey
over there got the alcohol shotgun here
and I realized I could fit a knife
perfectly into here really put this tied
to this one-handed there you go
get my hand on the trick Oh Oh ready
there we go do not try this at home okay
hold Harvey got him okay
hahahaha I was pretty epic don't try
that at home please because your parents
will kill me okay let's see this
yeah what up it's just turns to alcohol
shocking into so much more fun but you
cannot do that or I cannot do that if I
was drinking I'm completely sober I'm
not playing with knives well I'm
drinking and please can't stress it
enough do not try this at home or dad
do not try that at home at all at all
please we're gonna be heading out
tonight on Main Street looking for some
boots that's not like it's on like dope
fresh nation I said peeps some boots -
peeps you know Jesse Gina don't fresh
nation son yeah well we got our
Blanton's here let's drink
what boom doing what what what
PvP Sun Wow a PvP are you there so
confused if yo Frank Chris break you got
it yeah got it yeah learning this year
to do learning Jake parties learn are
he's got it let the Victorian now on
Main Street
Cheers it's just starting this like just
people coming in so we're getting our
drink on early on that way there's no
lines the bar even though there was a
line at the bar it was pretty shitty
line yeah Cheers
okay guys well I am a bit intoxicated
and had a fun night fund a fun time
vlogging I hope that you guys enjoyed
this one and I I really don't know what
else to say I think I might be hungover
tomorrow not sure but I have pretty good
educated guess I should drink some water
right now if I go to bed that's a good
idea
I'm going to do that but anyway guys I
hope that you guys enjoyed watching and
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
Ismene how you get to a place and you go
I don't know this just feels like a
place I should be yeah this is what it
is I mean this is this is me huh I think
I'm gonna get some of those for the
apartment of me not a few
