hey I'm at the office today with mr.
Brandon and his party go you're working
while you're watching dumb and dumber
the new dumb and dumber see is that
don't don't do Harvey you stay here I'm
gonna go explore I'll be right back
Brandon ok back top to do but that's my
mom she's working it there my mother
works in there too and then father
father works over here yeah I work what
wow that's my area where I work over
here I work here I don't know what it is
about this area that makes me feel
comfortable but I feel comfortable I
feel like this area is me now you get to
a place and you go I don't know this
just feels like a place i should be yeah
this is what it is I mean this is this
is me oh I think I'm gonna get some of
those for the apartment of me not a few
yeah they're great good to some of what
what some of what what are you talking
about cutouts cutouts oh my god I didn't
even notice I didn't even notice
okay cool guess we're going dinner whoo
fresh cream barbecue you stopping my boo
grab your arms down the fellow don't
walk on the phone variants such as well
uh yea korean BBQ of course become like
a tradition to come here when we're
working at the office makes them makes a
break I don't like when you bought me
while I'm eating God Church closer I'm
just really angry today for blog I don't
know what because i called you but you
get today hey rigo eat bud I got my
dog's butt and I was just talking my dog
and then I refer to him as but it
happens but hey bud ready you hungry
buddy yeah yeah oh you heard the noise
Brendan's making a coffee yeah you
hungry well I packed him at dinner to
thank you come here buddy give me
everybody someone left food yeah why
would I put it I'm gonna pull up me come
in come in come oh enjoy yeah someone's
hungry didn't end up doing much last
night but now that it's a new day I
could be starting new vlog but I'm going
to do that but the thing is the vlog
would be pretty short I just entered it
here so might as well just continue on
to the new day and then I'll even do the
second vlog today to all but try to do
both i'll finish this one the next one
waiting on my sister riley and then Jake
is already waiting downstairs we're
going to go to kona burger they have a
new burger there and it's a pastrami
burger frickin amazing i love this
pastrami burger and I just really want
it really want it it's we go get it
my sister didn't end up joining us but
I'm Jake Jake check out this burger up
like half way through it
with the most robbing starcraft it is a
master purrs I love it if you're down
the air you come get it's one of their
like temporary looks right now it's so
good
try well I guess now that we finished
lunch and Harvey's Harvey wants to play
right and we're just trying to figure
out stuff to do I might as well just get
this this blog dawn and then start
vlogging a new day and you know today's
Friday so mo things happen i'ma friday i
hope but i hope you guys enjoyed
watching this vlog and i will see you
guys again tomorrow blue by ms that's
good dog otherwise you got it all in
there
