hey guys so I what's the gyms they did
all that stuff I need do what and then
now just just hang it out I actually
have to go back to the gym and a little
bit they have like a spa spa treatment
stuff there and I don't know if you guys
know this I don't know if I've told you
but on my 22nd birthday at my birthday
party I broke my back I was drinking yes
it was my 22nd birthday I'm allowed to
and I decided after I was drinking I was
going to go run and dive into my pool
now I wasn't an idiot drunky who dove
into the shallow end I dove into the
deepest part of the pool it's like I
think it's like 10-feet besides it's
it's a deep deep end and i just i was on
a Ledge it happened to dive so perfectly
straight down that if you guys have ever
done like a pencil dive into the water
where you jump straight like make it so
your feet hit the ground that's that's
what happened but it hit my head and I
gashed my head I gashed my nose I broke
my nose and because it had hit and gone
like this and it made my head go back it
went back and I had a compression
fracture in my spine between my shoulder
blades that sucked I'd physical therapy
for like three months I could still feel
it now so like when I work out my
trainer he makes sure everything's like
perfect form and getting everything is
good you know three years later I still
feel that pinpoint doesn't hurt me but I
can feel but the thing that does hurt is
every so often because I'm working out
if I lift heavy stuff I do stuff I start
to get painted again and the muscles
around it tense up so all of that I
thought just sharing an experience with
you I'm going back to the gym because
I'm getting a massage and at this point
I have to get them about once a week or
else my back
because it's not the bone but the muscle
around it that tries to make sure it
does that that's protecting it doesn't
get hurt locks up and tightens so
eventually they said maybe I could get
it like every other week or signing that
but for now to make sure what's but with
five days a week working out it's
probably not super great on my back at
the moment unless i get these massage so
i have to go get a massage sounds oh so
terrible i have to go get a massage but
it's super rough I literally feel like I
have bruises after they do like the
deepest deep tissue is honestly whatever
feels great in the next night but I'm
doing that and then I think Jake's
coming over so i think i'm getting a
haircut so they cherish is coming over
and I'm gonna cut off this do make this
dude doll to do what do do not pull on
my head like do I'm gonna go guys I'm
gonna go get a massage you guys always
see Harvey in his lazy mood none of you
guys have ever seen him in his very
super rare hyper mood he's been running
up and down the stairs all around look
at this let me take your mustache his
mustache toy ok ready Harvey ready they
runs back come on good boy come on can I
have it gonna have it thank you buddy
thank you thank you you want to go again
wanna go get us can I have it ready ah
come bring back now you get lazy now
he's starting to just stroll back so
he's losing it losing it guys I love a
good massage I feel so good at nance and
then I just took shower and wipe off all
bros massage oils oh lucky and then my
barber miss cherish love is finding
parking down here cuz it's a little
crowd site so she's looking for parking
and then it's haircut time yeah buddy
Jake is luke in raleigh hi church this
am i aiming it at you i am aiming at you
this is pretty good i would say our good
time look at this I'm getting the sides
taken down take it down where's Harvey
yeah Harvey's gonna eat this hair yeah
yeah she is now I know ok let's get this
haircut gear well guys it's all finished
to done with this haircut now which you
guys noticed is I you're no longer going
to see my side part that I normally do
now we got a we got this slicked back
yeah if you guys have seen the movie
fury this is the same haircut that a
brad Pitt has now I'm no Brad Pitt but
we could sell the same haircut yes this
is like shaved on the sides and then
slid back but the thing is to do this
because I've been parting my hair to the
side I actually have to train it to go
back so every day I'm gonna have to
start to she was telling me I got to
start blow drying it which I don't
normally do to my hair in order to teach
it to normally fall back I don't blow
job I think it well thank you looks
great care yeah I don't have a look I
have to buy one do you ever you don't
have one but your girl haha
no she just got what your OCD so you're
gonna change it I'm gonna trade my hair
yeah my hair will be trained and I also
acted like it actually would be longer
but one side was longer than the other
because when you have to put it over to
the side like it was before you don't
want to sit really high so the side has
to be shorter so the long part can sit
on top now I just look at it back you
have him in a trance I do he was so
hyper and then I just flipped him over
rub his belly of his belly yeah he's
done I got to make a machine that's just
like when he goes crazy a big turned on
like with a remote and it flips him over
and pets his belly so he just goes limp
third haircut of the night miss Luke
cherish you just on a roll here you're
done after this then she's going to
dinner and then she's having the sons of
anarchy night is that right yeah yeah
she's going to dinner with her man
yeah we just realized that if you put a
vacuum like just the two part and stick
it to your pants it's not on his things
it's on his pants the lower part there
as it sucks all the air from inside your
pants it makes it nice and cool around
you package another junk yeah it's great
everyone left now and i'm left with sexy
hair cut and I asked them to go get
dinner but they already had dinner
before so I went and picked up a BBQ
chicken salad from swingers down the
street and I'm looking forward to it it
looks it looks great hey Barbie chicken
salad every Tuesday so on Tuesdays I try
to get it they should have it every day
it's really good okay guys well that's
all I got for you for today I hope that
you guys enjoyed today was pretty chill
lacks today i am i'm enjoying trying out
the new do I'm excited I'm always like I
like to change up looks actually that's
how I discovered the mustache was I was
just trying to be funny and I curled up
my mustache like not this past summer
but the star before in July for fourth
of July shaved off everything except to
curl mustache and decided to keep it if
it weren't for you guys I probably
already would have changed that look I
probably wouldn't even have that
mustache but it's kind of just become
our thing I guess so I'm keeping it that
is until something makes me shave it off
I don't know what would but for now i'm
happy i do like change my looks i hope
you guys enjoyed watching today and i
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
hopefully this works
whoa engines oh yeah oh so happy
