hey guys so I was just going in my car I
worked out did everything and I was like
okay well I'm gonna go to Roman's place
and then I got my car it was like oh
yeah my content battery's dead and I
realized the valet had left like the
headlights rather than on auto which I
don't know why they always change them
who changes the headlights every time I
go to valet they set it to like they put
the headlights different so I didn't
notice and that's what killed my battery
so I have to go get jumper cables right
now so I can't find mine and then I'll
jump it from my sister's car hopefully
doesn't take me too long
my sister's helped me now and we're
gonna jump it but the thing is is my
battery is not on this side it's all the
way on that side and hers is all the way
on that side so it's not gonna reach she
can't move her car to that side of my
car so I'm gonna have to push this
gigantic Beast so that's it he can't
walk so you should get in it while I
push it like oh yeah he's your 150
pounds
she's 250 pounds it turns out when my
car is out of battery it puts itself in
Auto parking brake the the parking brake
goes on and you can't disengage it so
there's no way to push it back I can try
but it the parking brake is on
so the only way is we went to CVS again
to buy another set of cables and I'm
just gonna link these together I'll make
sure that they don't touch your negative
positive
we got a Lincoln try to make him twice
as long I think that's the only way to
do it or else escape we got it hooked up
I wrap towel like a thick thick towel
around the connector around one of them
so they can't go near there they're
definitely separated and she's just got
to start her car and hopefully I charged
my battery we'll see start your car
rally well so far we didn't get
electrocuted and nothing blow up so I'm
happy about that seems to be connected
by all that there's left to do is to try
my car
well it's a good sign that the lights
are back on see let's try this
uh-uh don't need to charge a little bit
but clearly it's working because at
least it started so I'm gonna let it
charge for probably like at least get a
little good amount of time before I try
to start it unless I'm cut again okay
let's try this okay
hopefully this works whoa engines ah ah
so happy what it sucked if my car did
that start
yeah bunny we could do it if we put our
mind to it not only did they change my
headlight setting which is what killed
the battery listen to what the radio
stations on right now
it's nice but I don't I don't listen to
music in Spanish I typically listen
music in English so the weirdest thing
though is the parking lot they were
valet parking my car is like super small
and they shoulda just parked right there
I'm wondering if did they take my car
around
why do they need to change the radio
station for their you know 30-second
drive all day park it's just this
ridiculous sometimes people tagged me in
pictures on Instagram that involved like
my dad obviously cuz we're all in the
same family so this guy Chris is basic
happened to tag me in this picture and
he's giving I believe his friend one of
my dad's things and so because she I
guess is obsessed with my dad
she wrote how he meant out married me so
then I wrote she said I love you so much
Howie so I happened to comment just for
fonts I said I love him too hahahaha and
that the guy whose Instagram is
commented back and said she's literally
crying
and I watched his next thing
I said don't cry but you know what I
kind of want to do is I kind of want to
like message this guy secretly and ask
him for his number and just be like hey
can I just call and then just hand it to
her don't tell her who it is or anything
and I want to see as she asked cuz he
says that she's in love with the whole
like man down legacy which is cool so I
just like to surprise people it's just
fun it's a lot of fun let's do it I'm
gonna see if I can get his number and
try to call she's just I just sent her a
message I said hey I just followed you
on Twitter send me a DM so that I could
try to get it let's see he's post these
pictures it's funny it's I just like to
have fun sometimes when I'm hanging out
in my apartment waiting on Brandon
actually I think Brandon's gonna come
out here but but this this holds me over
okay I got his number he he messaged me
and I told him I said hey look I'm just
gonna give you a call and you play it
off you know be like oh you know it's
for you and just give her the phone I
just want to want to hear it's like I
love hear these things look loud let's
let's call here I'm gonna haze this
Chris hey Chris it's Alex I was calling
for Sam
hello hey Sam it's Alex Mandel what what
hi how are you I'm very good I'm just
sorry my dogs barking what what I saw
the video I saw the picture so you if
you're a fan of my dad I saw I wish he
was standing here with me because then
I'd put him on the phone but he's not
what what uh is he gonna say what why
did Chris get you that what was that
that he gave you was it just a picture
his album I haven't even seen that I
should I should check and see if we have
that how old are you Sam you're 14 well
I don't know I don't know if you know
that I also I have a vlog channel on
YouTube and I've ly was that you're
subscribed to me oh well this whole
thing is on my vlog I'm vlogging right
yet I even vlog the videos that Chris
took of you on the Instagram well I was
I saw that and I was like oh that's so
great I just had to I want I was like I
have to call so I made sure that I
deemed Chris and got his number so that
I could say hi to you over the phone of
course well it was great talking to you
check out the vlog tomorrow and you'll
be on it I will I will tell my dad
you're in love with him I will he will
he watches this too so whatever you say
to him he's gonna hear it he watches
everyone
you loved him for five years oh I
started loving him 25 years ago what
this is gonna be on tomorrow and he's
gonna watch so he heard you say that so
that's cool too but hey check it out
tomorrow was really good talking-to I
just wanted the opportunity to call you
and say hi over the phone okay good
talking to you Sam okay bye well that
was cool I should do more things like
that I'd love it it just makes me smile
when I get to talk to people who like
you know we both love my dad no but
that's funny that she's already
subscribed to my didn't know she was she
watch my stuff too so Sam thanks for
watching and supporting Brandon did end
up coming over last night but I didn't
really vlog because we just kind of like
he was an area visiting his cousin stuff
they came over and sat on the couch and
we hung out much TV for like an hour
that he left so there wasn't anything
super eventful right Harvey
it was just lazy sometimes yeah that's
his mouth is dripping he's just drinking
water but yeah I mean I went to the gym
got back not too long ago so I got a
shower get ready and if I don't end this
blog now then I won't have a vlog for
tomorrow to shoot today that I could
edit put up tomorrow yeah well anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed what I did blog
and I I did have fun yesterday and I
enjoyed talking to sama fun that was fun
so yeah that's what I got for you for
today and that's what I got for you for
yesterday ending today and I'll see you
guys again tomorrow okay bye
and we're back 18 mustache full force
Movember happy Movember guys I want to
see your mustaches show me your stache
yeah let's do this
look I'm back I'm back in black always
