hey guys it's a new day today and I am
driving over to get my haircut and go
and barber shop because I need it now it
is time and I think this is the first
time I'm actually going to be kind of
late for it but it's okay because I
think she likes me so it's okay
not like it any weird way just like it's
like we're cool anyway that's we're
headed right now I am bringing my second
foam because I'm actually live-streaming
the hair guys if you're watching this
already you missed it so you should
probably follow me on Twitch so that you
don't miss these live streams there's a
shameless plug
my barbershop is in a hotel because I'm
fancy Shia Nam Phan
that's a really cool place so you guys
inside here we are
Hey oh look you're finally on the vlog I
like to team keep me looking fresh I'm
making this difficult cut - excuse me
I'll let you guys away and then we're
going to the lobby to get finished up
there got all my clean lines and my
weird new here new hairdo hair - got my
hair did and now we're heading back to
go scoop up miss Andre by the way
Richards here he's just been sitting
here he isn't really talked to you say
hi Richard
all right good boy okay so we're heading
to scoop up Richard not scoop of Richard
cubic Andre and then we are going to
head out not to our local Korean spot
but to another Korean spot cause Brandon
wants to grab lunch so we get to go hang
Brandon we're heading we're heading over
to to fresh soon or you are oh I gotta
um yeah you I'm leaving Santa Monica
right now okay um that works even if a
Korean I'm sorry I mean in a while we
have arrived and you know how you could
tell that this place is really fresh
crack super fresh because it's called
fresh Korean barbecue that's right there
yeah well it could be like it could say
like two day old yeah let's make them
like not so fresh yeah you have two
penises
how's it gone princess haja giving video
yeah let's keep do this he want what'd
he want what brother primitive Oh
Richard prove it right now shells you
little dumpling Richard when you put
your career barbecue are dope Richard
how slow are you going no don't Richard
yes no no keep going go can you put the
whole plate on don't wait Oh Richard
sang to my mantras are me pissing me off
the ticket is enough no that's on the
Richard any place probably the whole day
oh yeah no Richard
someone need to take this away from him
sir
okay okay but read it out man II have no
oh my god you do it on the ivory god
giving dr. Richard cheese Richard John
you wanna help my best friend come on go
ahead
Richard Astana Medlin I watch a lot of
YouTube videos from like all ends of the
spectrum and one of the videos that came
across recently actually a bunch of them
not one in particular was a really cool
way to do some like like a like a cool
art project type of thing I guess it is
which is painting with gunpowder where
you literally like you don't actually
paint anything but you move the
gunpowder round on like a piece of wood
and you can once it's in the design you
want you just light on fire and it burns
it into the wood and it's super cool
unfortunately I couldn't take you guys
in there with me because they do not
allow any filming in the gun shop but I
got the Gunpowder we're good to go but I
need to make one more stop and that is
to get something we're going to burn it
on I don't just want to like burn some
like random piece of wood I think it
should look pretty cool they didn't have
too many options for gunpowder but I got
the 231 ball powder this is a smokeless
powder so to show you when it's on the
wood it'll probably smoke is burning the
wood but just by itself I could light it
in here because there's not any smoke or
anything like that these are all the
supplies I have for it I decided rather
than like free handing it because I'm
just not really that great of an artist
I got stencils these stencils pretty
cool if I could fill it these are all
different kinds they're just a a medley
of stencil stencil alphabet stuff
smaller letters bigger letters there's
regular just like plywood stuff under
here which would be cool just kind of
blank slate and then these really cool
like wood circle things I don't know I'm
already starting to get so many ideas
for what I could do with this painting
with gunpowder stuff I have
this wooden circle and I think it would
be cool to burn the owl on it so that's
what what I think I'm going to do first
you guys are watching this right now but
some of you I know have already seen
this because I am currently
live-streaming this whole process on my
twitch account so that is that's like
the behind-the-scenes stuff for for
those people I'm going to give them a
little love hello future me - ah hello
hi hi hi hello Pope let us get this
started I just guess I'm just going to
do this and then
okay let's hope that when I pulled it
off is totally fine I don't know how
well it's even going to work
I don't think that's going to work so we
just try it it definitely didn't come
out as detailed as I want that's a
little bit of a problem which means I'm
probably going to have to do outlines
and stuff until then but regardless
we're going to try this right now inside
my kitchen oh dear
got that off whoa that looks pretty cool
doesn't look half bad I kind of like
that now I need to figure out what else
I want to try here the Owls a little too
detailed so I'm thinking something less
detailed like the frogs or something
like that
do the frog I'm not going to be super
careful that at this time I realize a
lot is actually a good thing so make the
body pretty dark like that
but in the leaf of the Frog first row
we're in the Frog
Natalie
but pretty cool brush it off this idea
was actually a shared collaborative idea
on twitch and something I was already
thinking of but we all kind of figured
it out and I think it would be super
sick because I have three like little
plywood panels check this out with these
three evenly spaced plywood panels it
could be like a separated ak-47 we tried
different things to find good spacing
and what we realized was a good marker
for spacing is 50 AE rounds so that
seems to be good space and then we have
tin foil on the gaps make sure I'm not
going to mark up this top counter top
there we go
got this bad boy lined up here we are
going to attempt to trace this then it
gets to be easier to do that and go from
there
we got this all traced out perfectly so
I'm going to go ahead and lift this off
we'll see what the trace looks like
so I think that I look pretty cool now I
just have to put the Gunpowder into that
tracing
this took me a while but it is now
complete
just kidding not complete because
there's one thing left to do you know
what that thing is written all right
light it on fire but good far let's do
it light this ak-47 on fire here we go
whoa very hot but really livable
you see
just brush off the excess here look at
that it perfectly burned into the wood
that is so sick I think that turned out
super cool I think I'm done with it
the only thing I would add is probably I
have like alphabet pencils so I mean I
might do like a team under it or
something make it extra cool but I also
have to get rid of since I traced it
some of the pencil lines that's fine but
I apparently don't own the racer for
themselves because I don't make mistakes
which is far super far from the truth I
just don't own a racer because I have
pens and the rest is all done on
computer but regardless of that I'm
happy with the way everything turned out
and I hope you guys enjoyed watching
that I'd like to try these like cool
experiment flash art projects flash
cooking stuff is just like it's fun for
me and so I hope it's fun for you guys
to watch but not note that is all I got
for you I'm going to wrap it up today
and I will see you guys again soon
goodbye yeah
