hey guys hello good morning mr. buddy
you stood Harvey hard master flex yeah
well I'm gonna head over to the gym now
jube done yeah and get my get my muscles
pumping get my day started I'm a head
over to the gym do that and then we go
start a self a fun day I think I hope I
wish I plan I just ran into a problem
trying to go to the gym and let me show
you my problem ready hello come on damn
someone I have to like walk I know it
sounds terrible i gotta walk to the gym
which is even more exercise that should
be good I just I just bummed because now
I well the hell am I supposed to do my
car it's like down in the garage do I
have to pull it out so someone could
jump in i don't know this sucks okay
guys well i'm back from the gym and i
had walked their workout do my thing now
I gotta take a shower shower time shower
time for me cuz I gotta get clean but I
also realized oh my God look at all this
hair right so with all the hair I
realized but what time of year it is
it's movember which means now more than
ever I need to cherish the stache you
know I need to really work this thing so
bring on the stash ladies and gentlemen
let's do this so there you go cleaned up
I took everything off to their took
shower cleanness cleaners goose if if
the goose just took a bath then he's
really clean goose and that's what I
have the cleaners um yeah so now I got
to make this mustache a regular mustache
creepy child us to look at mustache to
the 81 which something used to say is
the same things that but I'm gonna turn
in today Jean mustache right now ah yeah
buddy I'm Twitter back 18 mustache full
force movember happy movember guys I
want to see your moustaches show me your
stashes uh yeah let's do this I'm look
I'm back I'm back in black always about
american apparel now with my family
levels riley and mother buying our be a
present my grandson my mom wants to get
Harvey presents so he's getting the
american apparel pockets on the back
american apparel sweatshirt I might get
the same so that I'm matching my my
hairy fat son mr. Harvey mr. Hoff master
flex so I have the same sweatshirt now
as my boy Harvey's will put it on him
but I also a matching with my with my
dad he's got the same one so they night
it's sunday night 30 night midnight and
we got one for our yeah well I showed I
show them the Harvey's well but we'll
see what it's on so now it's my dad me
and Harvey will all wear the same
sweatshirts will be matching don't you
guys buy the same clothes as your
i'm back at my place my my cool
sweatshirt and yeah he's got his
matching 128 hey hey hey hey let's show
him your hood show me a hood now look at
me yea year son hog master flex yeah
you're really like it too yeah he likes
the rest of sweat sure he loves to be
worn like sometimes during the day when
he finds like a hot spot like a sunny
spot in the apartment he'll go and lay
on it for a long time so now he gets a
warm sweatshirt you right you like that
young so what do you think buddy like it
you like your new sweatshirt I do put up
a little your fat keeps pushing
everything down there we go there we go
what twins yeah we're already twins
right yeah hey what's up he does he's
loving that Jake and look just got here
and we are gonna go down to third street
and see when John wick the movie what
he's he's just going loving it look at
his back legs Oh check out the ass oh
yeah oh let's rub that but Jake's but
it's pretty mama sama it's a free very
well yeah we're gonna go see John wick
down third Street and hopefully I mean
the reviews are good so they are you
yeah I'm hoping it's a it's good but
yeah looking forward to seeing it
thirsty buddy I'm gonna think there's
like water left in there
oh it's blurry fix yourself camera
thanks yourself it's really blurry like
you can't see you can't see you waving
it wave it it come on camera come on
fail sometimes I really hate this camera
because it just fails hard with being
blurry and it sucks cuz you dont know
cuz i'm facing the camera so how do I
know what it looks like doesn't look
blurry can you see the back it's clear
that right okay it looks good now well
anyway we finishing John wick and the
kills we were like talking about the
whole walk back to my place the kills in
that movie are super epic and very
realistic it was like Jonah Reeves isn't
true Sasson yeah but the thing is that
if you want to see a movie that's just
all action and crazy kills like left and
right that's the movie to go see it was
we left it like that was pretty cool it
was yeah definitely cool fighting scenes
I've always felt disappointed then yeah
I wasn't disappointed i'll go check out
the movie it's it's definitely worth
your watch okay guys well that's all i
got for you for today again happy
movember and i hope you enjoyed this
vlog because i had a good day so yeah
tomorrow I'm gonna have a beer deacon
that's not even good job stupid anyway
clearly i'm tired i gotta go to bed so i
will see you guys get morrow goodbye i
got one of my favorite restaurants right
down Malibu October here with Brittany
yeah it's dumb pretty because she's
doing my drinks channel at me I know
those videos will be able to that
promise and
we're just getting ready for some sushi
