hey guys new today and I feel great I
feel fine I know that my sister has a
couple of friends over and they got
their margaritas stuff out I think
they're drinking margaritas like here
they got the music on margaritas on the
roof and I'm just hanging out downstairs
well myself but I'm gonna go up there
cuz I think they got Harvey I want to
see my RV boy where's my Harvey boy gum
would say I
where's mr. Harvey flex mr. Marvin Steen
oh it's nice huh it's really nice
power margaritas good margaritas you
made them Hey hi master flex Hey
Harvey's drunk he's Bonita rocks yeah
oh come on I want it it looks so nice
over there
look at this super nice right Harvey
five master flex it's a tiger lily tiger
stripes look at your tiger stripes you
got stretch there bud
as a disclaimer they're not actually
giving Harvey alcohol he's not drinking
in case cuz I know I'm gonna get comment
saying why are you giving that dog
alcohol they're not that was a joke with
the new iPhone 6 plus you could record
in 240 frames a second which means
awesome slow-mo and I have a blender so
check this I'm gonna try to put some ice
in it without a top see what it looks
like
boom everything is awesome in slow-mo
right I should do a lot more things with
my iPhone 6 plus that was cool
did you guys like that how about one of
my favorite restaurants right now in
Malibu October yeah with Brittany
there's no Britney because she's doing
my drinks Channel at me I know those
videos we'll be able to do I promise and
we're just getting ready for some sushi
cuz
yellowtail jalapeno
now before crispy onion your favorite
she would say she could eat this all day
every day in her life it's really good I
love all the food is spicy Tudor place
to the crystallites whatever way you
want to say it either way it's good I'm
gonna fuck her while you stop in your
mouth just trying to get her while she's
chewing her uncomfortable position you
always she's always chewing well
sometimes you need to swallow oh I
really did beat it like that at all
rock shrimp tempura I was it's a hot
it's good though right
good it's really hot we decided to come
back to my place for drinks
right are you having that's right more
wine
I know I've poured her why she said one
glass I found the biggest glass I had so
that she would stay for a little bit I'm
drinking a White Russian yeah no you can
have my place whenever you guys you know
play board games and everything like you
used to yeah yeah yeah and the room is
stuff harvey actually lent out some wind
and it cleared us all walked away he can
part up a storm yeah hey Robin you know
that after you guys left that were
flooded after you left that room flooded
really bad okay well you guys had my
alcohol hey it was good of course of
course
oh you guys he was gonna take Harvey
right oh this looks did he just do it
again he's been flirting all night and
then he farted on Brittany and then ran
and hey hey Harvey get out there to be
bombed
oh my god oh my god Harvey get over here
he's not even ashamed
what did you do important everywhere
buddy
I think gotta push the button yeah what
yeah he literally farted like loud
upstairs down here and then Britney was
sitting next to me she's like oh look
he's gonna go to sleep and then he farts
again and then he runs and poops and
then now it farts again this is a
farting dog dog dog fart dog dog dog
yeah very good bit you really good bit
yeah yeah hey you can't end it yet oh
well anybody guys I had a really fun day
I hope that you guys enjoy watching a
lot of fun with Brittany I know that you
guys saw her before she's gonna be doing
the girly drinks for my dreams channel
that comes so you guys please go show
her some love follow her on Instagram
it's just at Britney BG easy as that
yep so I'll put in the description so
you can see what it is whatever but
anyway I had a lot of fun good seeing
Roman and the guys and chase and I met
furious P for the first time today he
was really cool so it's just I had a fun
day a great dinner great friends great
time it's it's just everything's great
well that's all I have for you so I hope
you enjoyed and I will see you guys
again tomorrow good bye
really yeah
