hey guys I know it's been a long time
since I've logged and why because I
sometimes I just don't feel like
flogging for a little while giving
myself a little break what's wrong with
that nothing I'm the boss of my youtube
channel but I'm with mr. Brandon but uh
yeah what up yo and we went to the
office but we're about to head over to
korean BBQ because well it's like
Brandon's like fifth time this week and
I like second i love korean BBQ no
because you want to go I wanted to go
get a healthy salad alex wants to go get
korean BBQ bull crap that is just that's
phooey what are you saying that you're
following up to the Holy Land yeah we're
pulling up to all glad we're getting
great barbecue now we're getting creamed
barbecue right now I am stooped cuz i
love this stuff fresh korean BBQ yeah
buddy
well like burning my cameras we're
almost done with my lunch this is minus
is all Alex's Oh a dead phooey
okay put the meat on the barbie
breathing I am top chef Brandon that's
right amber smooth hurt so bad tactics
park tomorrow I want to come arm
overhead e the toad again we're gonna go
brisket
brisket oh hey Davina hello hello hello
she just a pita food in her dad's room
right hey stinky people properly
bouncing ball and I can spin my paddle
right Holly you're mean so good don't
stop do i bend it no look look dude no
let's change okay out site hit the
camera geez uh oh I'm so hairy it's a
wart it's a welt no at the war it's a
wart not talking about the wealth I'm
talking about what's the left of the
wealth that's it this more penis it's
just small yeah okay oh that hurt
really yeah really because you're sore
loser ah I don't like mustard on my
wiener right ketchup wow you hit me the
face I wish I'd feel my face I've done
I've done I'm done mayonnaise please I'm
back in my place now and I'm kind of
like I just wanted I go down to third
Street get myself a little snack so it's
not too late so I'm gonna head down
there and get myself a quick snacky poo
yeah nothing nothing interesting
can be right in there
did you see that girl she is crazy that
little white girl Colin that had nice
man bad names uh yeah that was like oh
exciting thing that happened while I was
down there nothing much and now I'm just
I'm back and I'm ready to go to bed it's
just late so um again I hope you guys
enjoy wall not again I hope you guys
enjoyed this blog that I made after not
long for a long time I just you know
like i said in the beginning the vlog i
just had to take a few days off you know
dis and before i go strong again and
it's just I feel like some people do it
and they start to run dry of material
and you guys were like uh they're
getting weird they whatever they are you
know it and it's obviously it's my thing
but I just want to be able to to like go
strong and with anything with any job
you have or anything it usually has a
couple days break maybe here there or at
least a day break something but logging
when you've luck in seven days a week
you don't and it's not as easy as looks
so sometimes a break is just good for me
mentally and keeps me loving this it's
not like oh he's not liking it anymore
he doesn't love doing this I absolutely
love it and the thing is is especially
when I take a little break i'm like i
should really pull out my camera right
now okay take a break just like relax
Alex don't worry about anything don't
worry about editing you go to sleep now
you do whatever you want and now I'm
back guys so don't worry about that I
just sometimes need to take a little
hiatus I probably should've given you
guys notice but whatever right I know
you guys still love me I still love you
guys and I hope you guys enjoyed this
and there will be belong tomorrow so i
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
ah
