hey guys it's the day of the Halloween
party and we Russian we got the eggs
pretty much done and I want to open the
refrigerator because they're balanced
that we need to reverse rate it the
jello shots that we made are jell-o
jell-o jiggly Oh
good thing the jello yeah yep and we're
getting out everything prepped these are
all out so we just need to put the
frostings on we're gonna go and get
serving trays and I still gotta get a
costume this is nuts so last-minute prep
and then we're good to go best costume
hands down
let's take a picture it's so funny the
best costume in all about
everything's yeah yeah playing with your
friend Harvey your friend Huxley whoa
Harvey's just happy he has a buddy here
he's got a buddy here today - its party
for you man yeah yeah get everything set
up man
we don't have frosting we make more
frostings
removing the jello shots and now Jake
and I are making the signature drink so
if you guys had watched that music video
I did a while ago with my brother-in-law
we did electric lemonade which like a
blue lemonade this time we're doing kind
of the same thing with like lemonade
it's a really good drink except we're
going to make it
virgins blood so we got two gallons of
water you mix one of these containers of
like country time lemonade like the
powder stuff easy boom
and then give that a good mix in now in
each one of these you add a 1.75 liter
bottle of vodka so you're gonna add two
of them into your mixture whether
disturb it out it's okay yeah you should
also be stirring while you're doing this
but it's okay I'm just gonna stir right
after there goes one I'm going to add
one more of these bottles of vodka now
this step is the one that changes it
from electric lemonade into virgins
blood is um I mean it's important if you
can do versus blood then you have one
more inning over
virgin blood yeah would end does it come
out anyway so this is if you're making
electric lemon is where you add blue
curacao it will turn the whole thing
blue but blue curacao is just blue
triple sec and triple sec is clear so we
don't want to turn it blue so we're
going to add the 1 750 milliliter bottle
of triple sec to each one come on pull
it out
there and if that was blue curacao you'd
be done after you mix it but because it
is virgins blood you take a small 12 12
ounce bottle of grenadine and you make
it red it's also gonna add like a cherry
flavor to it see they're good oh it's
turning into plaid virgins blood is so
tasty yeah
yours looks like a sunrise I know
looks like it does look like it's not
like a big giant sunrise that's really
cool well anyway so that's how you make
it and you mix it up and you got
yourself virgins blood which is really
cool it's just cherry lemonade with
latkes pretty much what it is
virgins blood now that drink is super
strong so I mean don't be making this
unless you're trying to have that kind
of party virgins are getting white-girl
wasted yeah will do we could just we'll
figure out where the food goes
yeah we got that and they got four
gallons and urgent slip
or for the four guys these two gods of
water to two liters every to 1.75 liters
750 liter and the 12 ounce bottle good
it's a lot it's a lot of drink it's a
lot of trying now would set the tables
and we're gonna put the food around it's
going to be it's gonna be pretty awesome
some bean dip but with you know salsa
cheese and buck moulinet a spiderweb
sour cream finally yeah I think it looks
good
ah
I think I see Mr Attwood an elevator
yeah pretty sure I do
I think mr. mr. out would see you wait
is he looking he's still looking ah yes
oh yeah Oh your cane hello well you guys
these are all the guests that are here
this is my alcohol section you can get
virgins blood makes you drunk have you
ever tasted virgins it's just starting
there's people showing up now some
brownie truffles and all the stuff in
department
yeah what jello shots
oh yeah we have jello shots Brandon just
got here you got to see what he is
probably before I say anything I'll give
you guys like ten seconds again hey guys
so today I'm gonna play with Harvey and
then I'm gonna vlog and then I meet and
then I'm gonna drink and call Brandon
hang out that's it that's all I did
that's it
yeah he's me he's got a mustache and the
worst part about the whole thing
he put blush on his cheeks so he could
have red she phone so he could have red
cheeks like me let's see if you could oh
you can't yeah you can see those red
because I always I run red so Brendan's
me well that was interesting
Buie yucky yucky yuck I think I think
there's a lot of cleaning to do it's not
like 3:30 in the morning
most people are gone there's probably
like there like 20 people here think at
one point that was like
maybe 60 something or more it's my third
costume I'm wearing it's naughty with
the costume I don't even know what some
of this stuff is on the floor that's
just stuck and sticky we did find one
guy he was drunk with a trash bag and he
cleaned this whole table top so thank
you we just watched him and he was just
sitting there he's like hey I just
decided I would do my part so that was
cool but yeah it was a good time I did a
lot of dancing yeah the food was great
alcohol tasted nice look at this like
this alcohol is just done you remember
how nice that looked well
stepped it's gonna be a long night and
morning
lately camera playing with yourself play
with my camera
morning after morning after all do you
film the inside the house I'll shut up
yeah it's bad it's not a bad bit work
yeah it's not like super terrible it's
just a pain to have to clean it up like
I just want to like sit out today do
nothing yeah everything's clean now
we're all good in the neighborhood yeah
mom I know you watch these so look
everything is spotless and clean this is
not dirty it's just all set aside but
everything's washed clean perfect back
to the way it was so we're ready to have
round two right I have another party oh
the floor is not sticky anymore which is
great okay guys well that's all I got
for you I know I probably should have
logged way more like during the party
but the thing was it's my Teletubby
costume didn't have any pockets and I
was like I'm just going to leave my
camera here in the drawer then I'll come
back and get it and everyone back and
got it but I think Roman got a lot at
the party on his vlog so I hate be like
hey if you actually want to go see the
interesting stuff good is no but we had
a lot of fun it was a lot of prep work
and everything and I'm happy
everything's clean this guy still spent
you are done dog you are done dog yeah
you wore buddy but well I'm happy with
the way things turned out we had a lot
of people so everyone seems to be
texting and saying they had a great time
so I'm happy there was a lot of girls
dressed in pretty much nothing which was
great
because isn't out Halloween's about I
want addressed as slowly as possible
that's the definition of Halloween even
I dress slutty I was a slutty Teletubby
but anyway I totally lagged on this vlog
bitch because I was hungover and things
were I was like I just want to sit and
do nothing so I did had nothing do with
you guys was like oh I don't want to
give anything it's just I just need to
sit down and do nothing so I did but now
I'm feeling good got back from the gym a
little bit ago so I'm just gonna put
this up and start a new vlog yeah buddy
you guys enjoyed watching hey I'll see
you guys tomorrow
good bye check this out guys Oh
and what time is it it's 11:15 can you
say last minute because I always do
