hey guys today is well for you guys it's
Halloween but for me it's the day before
Halloween and I just still don't know
what I'm gonna be I'm having a little
bit of a freak out right now Harvey is
wondering too right you don't know what
you're gonna be no Harvey just doesn't
care I'm gonna go with my sister she's
finishing up the lunch and then we're
gonna go I'm actually having a Halloween
party tomorrow yeah and there's supposed
to be constant contest which I clearly
won't win I'm excited I'm costume but
we're going to go to costco not only for
the free samples but I gotta get all the
liquor and all the fun stuff and napkins
because i have very messy group of
friends they need napkins wipe their
dirty faces
so we're going to go over there in a few
minutes we're just leaving costco right
now I had some fuckit samples stuff
check this out so we got a bunch of like
the liquor and everything and toilet
paper so that my sister said it looks
like we're having a party where we're
getting enough alcohol for I'm going to
shit themselves and dori we have enough
toilet paper so and if not you gonna
wipe with your hands yeah yeah she could
always just wash your hands so that's
what we're gonna do I'm gonna take this
back and then I'm gonna go I got a call
I've been waiting on the new iphone 6
plus to be available at the store for me
to pick up and they just called me and
told me that I could go pick up my new
phone someone go do that
yep well I'm on my way to the mall come
on zoom out all the way I'm on my way to
the ball right now bout to my dad's
already there he's excited cuz he's
getting his too so he just called me and
he was like you almost here i'm probably
like four or five minutes away and then
and then I get my new iphone 6 plus i'm
excited I've been waiting for this phone
I've been like checking in and see if
they have it and one of the guys I know
at the apple store has been just waiting
for one to come in he finally is like
you got so let's do this finally you got
yours I mean yeah I remember do I yours
in the old one here
I didn t you want me to know I mean that
our new iphone 6 plus I just got to get
it started so now i am with JJ and
angela and riley and we are preparing
for tomorrow's Halloween party so we're
getting all like the food stuff that i
went earlier to get alcohol but now
getting like caramel apples we were
going to make caramel apples but they
have like a huge selection of them right
here I'm just gonna pick out like a
bunch of cool different kinds they got
like or you were me would get cord one
sprinkles so we're gonna get those and
like sliced them up and put them out
really cool I got some flatter and we're
probably gonna bake some cookies and
cupcakes make much cool stuff you want
to make my cookies Jake do you bake my
cooking's all takes so damn quick i was
shot before we came to Vaughn so I was
like how many bags do we need like so
maybe reusable bags and yeah Jake
decided three and i don't know how three
is going to hold all this it's filled
whatever we had just said riley that go
get the car bring it here because we
decided we probably can't walk all this
stuff back check this out guys oh yeah
and what time is it it's 1115 can you
say last minute because I always do yeah
procrastination this is the
procrastination nation in here slicing
of jalapenos making some jalapeno
poppers yep whoa and then Jake and I we
decided to get some jello and make some
jello shots in these awesome little mini
red conference yeah jolly rancher jello
shots and the I'm going to tell you guys
a really cool trick to if you're gonna
make jello shots and let's say you have
like where's watermelon so if you have
watermelon jello a lot of people make
jello shots and they put vodka in it and
that's great but they'll be pretty
strong and people if you're going to
have a jello shot chain starts because
you want it to taste sweet and good so
if you get watermelon jello like jello
mix then you want to use corresponding
watermelon vodka now if you're making
jello shots it doesn't have to be the
best vodka use whatever you want so you
just want to try to find like the
corresponding flavor so that when you
have the jello shot it just tastes sweet
and you don't realize how much alcohol
is in it pour it in some of the
watermelons see they look like little
drink and then now we got green apple
going we got to do some of the other
flavors so now putting these into the
people are here they set turned to jello
and then we got eggs going over there
for deviled eggs and then we got all
these over here get everything set whoo
yeah buddy you excited Harvey you just
keep farting buddy he just all he does
is sit here in fart while we do
everything brownies are done yeah kind
of cut all that stuff and everything
please what is this for what's the
pumpkin for cupcakes pumpkin cupcakes
1230 it's 1230 now we're still going you
have to wake up a fight well better get
to it just peeled all the eggs yep
Jigglypuff jiggly jiggly and then the
pumpkin cupcakes pumpkin cupcakes are
coming out of the oven this is like
ridiculous
it smells like pumpkin pie yeah if I
think ants and all that no but we can
tell them it smells really good and then
Angela made a homemade frosting that
we're going to we're going to frost
these bad boys up drop them we're going
to frost them
what time's it right now it's look to in
the morning yeah it's five after 2 a.m.
and we still like the jalapeno has got
to be wrapped with stuff so we could
bake them it's it's a mess why always
that do things last minute okay guys
well Angela and Jake just left I gotta
wait till that about but I Harvey hurry
you ain't go to bed a bed baby face what
time is it it is now it's five after
three after three a.m. this is some prep
man this is some pretty boy this is some
prep boy okay i want to go to bed cuz I
had tired
I have a party tomorrow so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and dad will see
you guys get more goodbye
