hey guys I'm gonna have a pretty cool
day today you think maybe hopefully I
got some friends come by early they're
not in the elevator but I let them in I
think they got lost or something I'll uh
I'll figure it out they found their way
I could see them in their standing yes
they fell I was wondering in case you
got you got lost or something that's
Harvey mr. Harvey yeah he's big now good
do you guys get lots from the door to
the elevator
yeah yeah not just elevator yeah Santa
Monica we've been waiting for Steak and
Shake to them I know some of you have
already had it you don't live over here
but this is our first once they'd like a
big opening today and some of the
youtubers came actually wanted to come
here and meet iJustine but we're a
little late but we still came here for
milkshakes we're getting milkshakes it
and you guys gonna get a water he's so
excited that it's open if they got a
water yeah I definitely want to taste a
milkshake
we were trying to figure out some stuff
to do we decided we're gonna take out
some segways I live here and I'm never
done and then it was alright I fell off
a few times
oh you fell off yeah bro I've really
hurt my leg did you yeah seriously
I love to do some happy to hurt myself
I'm never in the same way but there's a
first for everything we have to watch
the safety video most of all those
slippery surfaces that could result in a
loss of balance or traction
yeah
a silikal told me fellas
they figure it along fellas don't Hill
do you not reserve the best I just
passed
all right
you ready
we all rented them to go around the
store and here we're not actually that
size yeah we're gonna go explore the
beach
hmm actually fun but the thing is that
this speed limiter said besides went too
fast like this it like throws the
handlebars back to make you slow down
then fine now we're gonna take it down
to Venice and then hang out there come
back alex has found a hitchhiker on the
way
these are so interesting the way they
work
we decided to segue onto the Santa
Monica
oh no no on to the Venice pier I'm sorry
we're good so slow it's just walk your
bike but it doesn't say anything about
it's a gray and they're actually fine
yeah so far so good yeah exactly it's
bumpy but its handling okay making the
climb back up to Ocean Avenue so we got
to return these
and we're back really I heard that yeah
if you try to go really fast they like
do this really fast shake thing okay
it's right there yeah there's the Segway
store
I want to do this again now we're gonna
do something extra fun we're gonna go
take all these guns you look like your
babies - yeah and we got the big one in
here my Glock here's some extra
magazines and you're gonna go shoot yeah
who said we we come from England yeah we
don't have guns Ellie expiring hey
Brandon would you get you you aren't
invited
no man lax firing range yeah we gonna
shoot Brandon let's go you said you Alex
fire range if you are we're gonna shoot
inside you yeah yeah you let's see how
many great comments can be made on that
one
ooh
the only thing is they didn't have 460
mo and I didn't bring any because they
sent that out we have to buy it here so
it's unfortunately staying in the case
this time but we should now the other
stuff
alright so we just made it back a team
sheriff yeah
hooked up some a team shirt yeah yes
look see we share we share merch reshef
has a property exactly you take mine I
take yours
yeah so I'm gonna say put it here wishes
oh we keep fighting each other
nah I like this oh yeah yeah come back
to me I'm gonna go where do you guys now
I'm gonna go back up to to my my place
how do I do this hear me up
now go back up but yeah we had a lot of
fun I it's such a cool day Brandon still
showing up like Ashley we're just gonna
watch TV and chill out I gotta take
Harvey out to me be peace and boobies
but overall I hope you guys enjoyed
watching I have a lot of fun and as
always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
go I got you getting kid out
Hey
