hey guys so I don't know what it is but
fire alarms going off it started going
off and I was like Oh user it's like a
wake up alarm and I went and took a
shower I haven't checked if there's
actually like a fire or anything yet I
should go check I don't really know I
mean I know this is just super annoying
I don't know what's going on with the
alarm but I don't see any fire coming
out of any other windows below me or
anything this ridiculous it's so
annoying I just got a call it apparently
it's the flood alarm there's a flood and
then I talked to the people in the
apartment right below me and their
apartment is water is pouring into it
because they called me that like is
something running in your apartment
there's nothing there's no laundry or
dishwasher nothing's running so I don't
know what it is I'm about to go check
the garage because they said it's going
all the way down through the apartments
to the garage they want to make sure my
car's okay so we go check that out
oh there is one
I think it bursts in here yeah
the piping underneath the sink burst
it's like a like a sauna in here
everything is steamed up Lucy who oh
what the charger I'm not gonna plug that
well my sister's not even in town so
she's getting a surprise there's only
one individual here it just doesn't even
care
here's watch the food right buddy right
now they took a shot back with big
vacuum and they're trying to suck up as
much like the water as possible so they
can bring in a fan to try it
thing is if you don't clean up water
like a flood right away you can get mold
really fast so they're probably gonna
have to tear up the carpet and have to
redo it just to make sure they get all
the moisture everywhere so my sister
just so happens to be in San Francisco
for the weekend so this is a surprise to
her when she gets back so new carpet I'm
about to go over and meet up with Jake
and Angela you got to drive out pretty
far going out to Redondo Beach because
I'm going to the restaurant the French
restaurant that Angela works at cuz I
want to get me my cell I don't get
myself some escargot escargot is like
one of my favorite foods yeah it is
I love me some escargot I'm gonna head
out now I'm so excited right now
takes like I'm just
- check this Angela said that there
they have really good buses here so I
got a pasta carbonara listen to the
block yeah I'll take that
perfect timing of the time camera yeah
that's good
yeah Jacob like it spicy
angeleka vegetarian
okay guys that's all I got for you for
today
clearly I went to bed what to sleep now
I got to go to the gym and start off a
new today so I'm gonna finish it right
here or get this out to you guys as soon
as possible and guess what I'm not
wearing pants dude now we're in pants
yeah so anyways guys as always well
Jenna I say as always because lately I
haven't really given you too much but
I'll try to give you guys blog good
morrow all right let's see it yeah here
it is woo congratulations were
surpassing 100,000 subscribers awesome
possum I'm excited take this out you
come out yet come out come out of here
oh don't drop it
look we're like twins right
