hey guys it's me because you know I just
took a shower got back from the gym not
too long ago I think Brandon's get a
head over and we're gonna move just a
foot stuff think he's going to bring a
nikita his German Shepherd because his
sister who's getting married had her
bridal shower so she's got to open gifts
and he's taking the dog waste so the dog
doesn't attack all her gifts but I don't
know what we're gonna do vivid ruin
drooling you ever receive a package and
you didn't order anything and it makes
you kind of weird out why you have a
package well I opened up this flap so
that there's no address shown but I have
not opened it yet so I don't know what's
in here it was addressed to me a sister
brought it up I have definitely not
ordered anything so let's see what's
inside
double that boiling the whole thing
fight like a book or something come on
okay there's nothing on it ok says
100,000 subscribers that's more than
double the size of a packed Roman
Colosseum and more than 10 times the
number of people who set the human
Domino world record we understand the
dedication talent it takes to reach
100,000 YouTube viewers we want you to
know that we don't take your achievement
for granted you delivered the audience
now we deliver the rewards to
commemorate your milestone of 100,000
YouTube subscribers please accept our
congratulations with this silver play
button we know you'll continue to create
amazing content bringing more fan so
we'll keep looking for new ways to
reward you thanks for being so awesome
sincerely Tom Poquette vice president
global head of content operations at
YouTube let's see it yeah here is whoo
congratulations were surpassing 100,000
subscribers awesome possum I'm excited
take this out you come out yet come out
come out of here oh don't drop it whoo
look we're like twins right yeah this is
excited guys my first like reward from
you too but you guys reward me every day
this is actually really awesome thank
you guys so much for making this happen
I couldn't obviously can't do it without
you because you guys watch it so thank
you to everyone who made this possible
I'm gonna Instagram this yeah I'm going
to Instagram this and then Wow let's
let's shoot for a million yeah I think
we could do
spread and just texted me and he's like
yeah I'm just going to go home and eat
real good before I come over well I've
been waiting on him to eat simply
brandon i'm going to go over to jake's
then and we're going to grab dinner and
then I'm going to come back to my place
and then I'm being a Brandon or
something like that I will figure it out
we decided to go to whole foods to eat
oh they move things around I bring out
this is long I do wrong log your morning
i'll blog about this is the chinese
section so this used to be over there
yeah this is best whole foods not only
because there's a good-looking girls
they have so many different food option
to like chinese and everything around
here I wasn't Sonnen facing my camera I
want to turn something down here
Brandon's on his way up with Miss Nikita
where are you come on hey did girl Wow
be p gu come here sit down for the
camera hey suggestion where you going
she's does Harvey hey hey hey hey oh she
just wants to play with you guys she's
big now i don't i know you guys seen her
when shoot puppy good girl her and
Nikita and Harvey don't get along too
well so Harvey's played in another room
right now while she's here and then we
switch them off man but hopefully they
can learn to play it's actually Harvey's
fault because Harvey loves to crawl
under every dog to sniff private parts
and they don't like how invasive he is
right and I can get better i can recall
one hour our dads used to have to put
them separate venture yeah
we didn't get along I used to sniff
private parts all time but I generally
enjoyed it he enjoys other things
private eyes Jim yeah they know that I
don't know if this is a good idea or not
but we decided I would hold this I'm
gonna sit on the skateboard and he's
gonna throw Nikita's favorite toy let's
see okay Oh weren't you just took a
little bit good idea but by makita and
Brandon you're going to thanks Nikita
why she won't sleep so bad I hear some
letters are you lonely boy anymore no
boy get me in trouble she was running
around and my she's a bigger dog than RV
she would run around play with this ball
it's a little bit late right now and my
neighbor who lives below me could never
normally hear anything but with Nikita
jumping around she the neighbor below
like I have these beams they go all the
way through the building so she we hear
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing true I got the
polis what is that and then the key to
jumps again and we hear it I'm like oh
that's them telling me to be quiet so
makita like let's go to that side of the
apartment because that way she won't be
disturbing them but
I didn't mean to be loud are you going
where you going so you don't buddy
retired yeah riverbed hmm ok guys what's
all I got for you for today I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching kind of just a
laid back easy relaxing day um yeah if
you guys have noticed I haven't blogged
a couple days I've been just swamped
we're trying to work all day on editing
to get the drink stuff out because I've
been slacking on that so I just kind of
didn't really have much to vlog but now
I I did most of the works and I could
ease off and and and focus i'm vlogging
you but i hope you guys enjoyed what
this and as always i will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye we're gonna
figure out the beautiful they hold it
hold it hold it like your work on both
sides how many guys of the pull it tight
pull it as tight as llego that's hot
chocolate you can check me
