hey guys i'm driving right now to
YouTube space la go in there too I don't
really know what I'm shooting a friend
of mine who's also a youtuber he was
like hey do you want to do like a fine
little like collaboration at YouTube
space for the 18th sounds like yeah what
am i doing he goes you'll see it's fun
it's for legendary pictures with the
Guillermo del Toro and I will see I have
no idea what I'm doing but I'm driving
to the YouTube space la and I'm sure
it'll be a lot of fun whew right youtube
let's figure out what we're shooting I'm
just pulling up oh let's see I love
YouTube space so if you guys haven't
checked out YouTube space there are
certain days that you can go and just
like check it out so it's always so cool
with all these like cool films likes
different studios and sound stages it's
so cool okay we're here at YouTube and
I'm shooting right now for I ate a
thumbtack that's my friends channel so
you guys should check that out there's
the spelling I ate a thumbtack he does
like funny parody music videos and every
night that today we're shooting
something I can't really tell you what
we're shooting we're shooting in here in
the green screen studio this is your
channel that was shooting my channel
hello Mandel's fan mr. man bells fan
they called himself a team all right
yeah haiti the a-team yeah so we're
shooting in here I can't really tell you
guys what's going on but it's really
cool so i will show you guys will have a
teaser for them soon right yeah that's
really soon so next couple weeks yeah
with the next couple weeks I'll be able
to show you teaser but we're gonna get
started I actually didn't know what I
was shooting till I got here but it
sounds really cool I'm gonna figure out
the whole they hold it hold it hold it
like you are on both sides how many guys
pull it tight pull it as tight as yeah
that's hot chocolate you can check me
have a minute a commission said no but
if I senator and I'll meet me up on you
mmm talking to do a shirt good call mr.
but it's going still gonna have Rob
really so that's actually okay it's okay
well look we only see I know how to tuck
a cake or somebody want to hold it look
done Ricky Western now what we should
really do is also highlights gonna come
the whole ensemble because he's got some
lovely shoes as you can see some very
lovely shoes please I think they'll be
okay actually I think we just wrapped on
everything that I'm shooting here today
and it was fun thank you yeah so this
will be up in a couple weeks right and
are we probably within the month and
within the week at half up it'll be up
soon if i buy halloween problem yeah and
it's not like me when i tell you
something's gonna be up soon it's never
up
oh this will actually be out soon yes
okay thanks for having me here yeah I'm
excited for you guys to see it I'm so
excited I just got to the vet where
they're watching Harvey and I'm gonna
pick him up and I'm excited to see my
little boy yeah buddy oh oh my god will
you do hey I love this boy hey hey Eddie
sweetheart what are you doing should I
just on everything you want my water
water don't spill man you're spilling it
there you go all done we finished it all
you spilled a little bit here man you
spilled it next time you better use a
straw seriously I got myself a late
birthday present I want to show you guys
what it is pretty cool pretty crazy
stuff check this out huge box smith &
wesson call me one thing yeah it's a
pretty hefty firearm check this out come
on open all the way whoa this is
gigantic okay if you follow me on
instagram you have already seen this but
this is my new one it's cut it's the
Smith & Wesson 460 so it shoots for 60
and also chambers in 454 casull and 45
long cold which is great in a few days
it's going to be off the California
roster so it'll be no longer legal to
sell no longer for any any stores to
sell this they can still do private
sound everything so the value is
actually probably going to go up in a
few days for private sale which is cool
because I have one now and I have shot
this before not this particular one this
is mine but I have shot them before and
they are nuts there's a reason they call
this a hand cannon because it literally
feels like you are shooting a cannon in
your hand this gigantic piece of work it
is huge look at it next to my head okay
this is do some damage what you're
looking at
oh i see that i see a wiener there he
was watching the louise earlier mr. Jake
just got here and he's holding stuff but
I haven't seen it yet so I made sure to
vlog because he hasn't given me a
birthday present when she's not wrong at
all but he said he's bringing me one so
you guys can see it's so nice some
Woodford Reserve bidders oh awesome
spice cherry bitters woodford reserve as
you guys know it's like my favorite
bourbon and bitters is using a lot of
drinks and Woodford Reserve makes their
own bitters awesome thank you for that
and some scotch glasses cuz oh you had
12 side--ooh that's something to put I
don't have scotch glasses guys I have
rocks glass I have like all different
kinds but these ones are specifically
for scotch I knew you didn't have scotch
I don't thank you these are awesome I
take you went to bevmo maybe yeah cuz
that's the best so every but they have
everything thanks man that's awesome we
both we both guide to the glassware for
birthdays yeah I want to see what
they're not out we're not alcoholics ooh
that's super nice I'm gonna have to
drink some Scotch out of it okay guys
well I was actually gonna go to jakes
house because his it's his roommates
birthday and sound of little parties in
there but ended up just getting so tired
and spent the rest of the night sitting
on the couch watching TV is Harvey kind
of fell asleep a few times Harvey
sleeping now and I should be sleeping
now so I'm gonna go to bed and end it
here but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and as always I will see you
guys a kid tomorrow goodbye
Oh
