hey guys I'm with Brandon and Hannah
right now hey guys yeah with Alex and
Hannah right now you are you is you love
you and we are today we're going to be
heading out to Catalina but first we're
making a pit stop right here that feels
copy yeah right here boom you're lying
to you hannah has never been here so we
gotta we gotta open her eyes to a mint
mojito copy the church might have it
from you in a while Noah how are you
doing good well we're out we're just
getting to the Catalina Express it's the
boat that takes out to Catalina takes
about an hour and 15 minutes and then
we'll be on our way we're in Long Beach
lbc waiting in line now to go I want to
go here we go whoo are you excited going
on the chick can express yeah we go in
the Commodore lounge so we get a free
cocktail excited for that check out this
lab to get them got the bar right here
I'm starting blogging this is cooking
yourself what stop talking to yourself
everyone just hates me right now
big bone
haha
pulling into the dock just getting here
to Catalina Wow
Oh
I'm excited that's good so nice here
with the homes up on the hills god it's
like a island getaway in LA because it's
still LA County which is crazy we're
like can't even see getting the PLA out
there can't see any land we're pretty
far seriously like that link it away
getting ready to zipline I just put the
wristband like hook on side if I drop it
I'm not gonna lose this you're ready
excited you guys look you go pro ready
chhabra yeah getting ready to do this I
brought my GoPro just in case but then
letting me take the vlog cam assumption
is this that we walk shakes on the
Bedouin fuck oh yeah
thank you oh you want to go in hi look
at you chef life that's a hefty zip line
Oh buddy well you got to go down the
we're 550 feet wet ground ever and we
only have one way to get down yeah first
the starter you good we little nervous
Jake salon yep it's blinking red momma
got a job all right where's it ready up
here down here in the way oh no zipping
here we go all right come on down nice
and slow for me wait right there let me
get the wedgie tether off you you're all
set young man all right boom there it is
out of the way peace dmm not the shoe it
just like downtown come on you know how
is that you're fun you're fun so 1055
your cross yeah good 25 30 seconds
please don't stare 30 for 30 seconds
that's right i drive a sausage make sure
when you dip across once you pass this
hillside to the rising give me a
beautiful view that you'll enjoy wow
this one time all right guys just
squeezed by your hair test this long fun
mommy slaw Oh guys this is long nuts man
you're a curator kid like 45
all right all the girls coming up here
said like the girls come and go here
till they flew this one's fast oh oh you
got a picture thought I wasn't gonna do
it at first the picture goes off if you
aren't fat and we're pulling out live
too much I didn't get a picture no
picture yeah good try it was a good try
putting yeah this is the last line that
we're at so we're back down the camera
for you so he should have I know I've
none of me cumming it so nice now the
Sun is going down he's really romantic
early I think we should sex
no deal no deal how games welcome to be
like stink no I do not I love seafood so
we're at dinner right now everybody knew
you yeah Oh lobster and steak you guys
you know cheese really
nice i bet note i had the same wish and
will fight her someday so the reason we
actually came out here and did this
whole thing is i know my birthday was
like two weeks ago whatever it was it's
September 30th and I can never find a
day to get my friends see how they come
out go ziplining hang out so we finally
found a day and this is like overdue
trip for my birthday so that's why we
did that and then it's Noah's 10th
birthday tomorrow yeah excited so when
you guys are watching this are you know
its birthday it is most birthday yeah
it's nosed birthday but yes it's been an
awesome day here the famous for the
saltwater taffy here in the island look
at this the colon tapi right here oil
pumpkins that's like a little squirter
of coconut juice you really we're right
there is not too much no on the flavor
today amazing and they got all the
flavors over here look at this don't
exist
squirrel they got a ton of different
flavors we're gonna try a bunch them
Riley and cam are picking out some
degree of each of three of us to taste a
few the ones we really wanted to try
look at what my sister just got this is
my hand that is gigantic most of me it's
communal like a movie we didn't listen
even if you dig yourself school yeah
that's that's a huge ice cream the boats
back time to pick a side time to go home
this time we got a whole food is bottle
service yeah i'll show you miss you you
so cool
wish you a smooth let's go back down
this is like there's like barely any
people
I'm going back to the lounge 20 damn it
Oh to it nothing she's always great when
scary yeah
people fancy watch this vessel oh yeah
crazy wakes up oh yeah oh it just well
so it's tired we're back on the Badlands
time to go back to the apartment in
Santa Monica okay dude awesome day bro
yeah thanks from us happy birthday dude
you got it yeah listen okay guys that's
all i have for you for today I'm
exhausted a great day everyone's gone do
another thing probably sleeping which is
exactly what I want to do right now so
I'm ahead of here and as always guys I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
hahaha wow she stuck right what hello
high five you know thank you Jeannie
what's rjp haha DJ ajay thank you
how
