hey guys it's a new day today what are
you doing making your nails so pretty my
nails yeah they were really long and I
thought that I might kill someone so I
figured I'd take care of it we have one
of my friends coming over today to do
something that I and and her her and I
are very excited for I she and I are
doing something with a friend of ours
and I've seen a lot of videos of what he
is bringing us and I have been dying to
try it but I have not had access to it
and now we do you guys will see exactly
what I'm talking about very soon because
he's almost here he has arrived nick is
here what whoa you bring up is that like
a bomb it's actually just it's out even
ago fuck yeah yeah you just like hey so
I wanted to present to you this uh holy
ready-to-go mortar shell he'll accept it
says non-flammable that's so fun Wow I
want fire well here we go that's you
know flammable there we go
sulfur hexafluoride sf6 this gas is
super interesting and it's very pretty
for all things time quickly this gas is
six times more it's are five times more
dense than air we're about to get into
the specifics about what this is going
to do specifically to your voice we all
know what helium does helium is six
times lighter than air this gas is five
times more dense than air so I think I
know where this is going and this is
finally going to make my balls drop
exactly we were going to do some
cryotherapy on your ball oh nice you
down for that on your balls not mine on
your ball yes you got hers that actually
already dropped I'm still waiting
yeah question Oh put it down on the
floor on the couch or on that is it
really heavy I wonder I want to pick
this up I want to pick this up okay this
this is song whatever you look up enough
so he's going to hear the cue time
actually I've emptied one of them okay
you used all of the salt Harrison floor
ever live in New York we got full a
pulsing anger before the news it's gonna
come dude and as it's going to shift
back it's how to empty the whole thing
but empty so empty versus full there
have been whatever is a huge difference
I mean like you can't really tell us I
was living that the down dress gasps you
really have it's a liquid inside of
there so like they compress it and
you're into a liquid okay and then
inside that container bunch of salt
crackers Lauren showed up this yeah this
if you let me go back on the news Gary
justice is more distraught to Catalina
the effects poorest people like why
would you even have this thing like
what's the point of sulfur hexafluoride
silver explore totally manufacturing
doesn't it financially at all it's
technically a greenhouse gas means like
it's not really good for the environment
which is why wait probably don't hear a
lot yeah because what we're doing today
is gonna ruin the environment and kill
the future of the work but we're keeping
it all in this apart yeah because it's
heavier than air it will sink like Eric
so the air is noticeably in nitrogen
right yeah like 79 points close to like
80% nitrogen the rest is oxygen to some
other stuff like argon so for that
reason affect your ultimate life sorry
sport is so heavy that it actually will
sink down so like even though it's again
there's lots of things so what they do
is they still like ditches or rubies to
filter Explorer because it doesn't allow
electricity to flow through it so
electricians use it when you're doing
the high voltage solder only insiders
can we drill this in the container I'll
try to phase it you you should I think
it's really good for Marilyn let's do it
I have a sick this looks super hefty yes
now here's here's licenses the craziest
weirdest part about all this this is the
most expensive thing and of the whole
set up how much is it how much do you
think that is because she gets 500 500
yes closest gets to use it
alright with her yet okay yeah you know
what ah just because she said 500 I'm
going to say 501 oh thank you right well
he would have gone for sure it's $800
what is that insane or what I went I bet
I wouldn't put that on my shopping list
but that's because I have nothing to use
it for but I'm sure if you do like can
you rent these you can't no but she had
to use for it because he is a science
channel this is what you do on your
YouTube channel strip yeah that's going
from home you only should do actually
what to figure out like how like how
much we X been and we make a little like
them
aluminum foil buzz down yeah yeah we
would be like a little like a whole are
there like a little like land hammocks
her to me yeah that's we're gonna make
little bit what is this going to make a
land hammock a land head by making a
little canoe I don't think I did a very
good job good no that's not what you're
like completely redoes the entire
mission is I'm good but he was really
nice about it wow you did a great job
but it's not even the same boat us some
like kayak and he went to like Life of
Pi
okay yeah feel a little less than that
yeah forget it there you looked at me
like so noisy smelling anything oh so
that's nothing it's odorless flavorless
and colorless there's actually like no
cage so you can be breathing at night
and lmueller die it's not toxic
so that doesn't it's completely inert
which is actually why it doesn't react
with anything while if you want go
through it it won't carry electrons
through it through the extra light sets
of molecules yeah if we got in you're
not oh my god what if we just like put a
little piece of tinfoil yes see I could
get regular regulator is coming off we
realize it might just not be letting out
enough we're just taking all the
regulations on and scrap the bowl by
bowl we're going straight for the think
yeah I'm gonna be a real flow though
it's all out you're good you guys I
don't know it doesn't it boom
can I try to float this yeah your exact
does is it drafted here yeah I think so
too
and that balloon should float this is
supposedly it's probably about half for
you half of the crew left I got my taser
wait for me no I'm not going to shock
you I gotta test it okay you want to be
able plug your ears okay but okay take
that out by the way guys for you on
camera or watching this it kind of cuts
out the audio because it's just a weird
sound I don't know that's it there I'm
going to set it down really low actually
I'm going to set down wall shocking okay
so it works up here that's crazy
no electricity Oh past but if I come up
here there we go won't work so I put it
down we're good guys hear anything about
it so I really can't say I do
anyone have explains what happening
outdoors bill is going to test hurt just
get set work but it's also hexafluoride
all day here we go oh my god oh my good
god that is awesome
make sure record what you 10 seconds to
comply now I don't win I broke up ah
whatever we original okay is the big
thing that goes in so just to supplies
now I know it's not it better with
things over explore a little girl is
go for it I know I think I think I need
to go to the store like that oh my god
beautiful gonna sound like the fucking
shit no ever coming out of it you sound
like a different way hey this is just
overdose Oh God hey you gotta try to oh
my god okay as you laugh like that
you're gonna clear your luggage oh my
god here drive take it again it's a
super serious oh my god Jesus I actually
want to say something what it's not
healing
it's called sulfur hexafluoride oh my
god you're going to terrify the child
fucking shit do you really think he's
walking away he's already over it
hey you try it you'll be like the vin
diesel evasion always oh let's go groans
this doesn't shit the common theory is
this is that because it's more dense
then it comes out of your lungs slower
that's actually totally inaccurate
what's happening is is that in gases
sound travels the opposite that it does
and in solid so in a solid does
something that is really dense in a
solid sound travels very quickly like on
a railroad like like an actual like like
a piece of steel that is the actual rail
routes up you can tap with the rock you
can hear for mile and it gas is the
total opposite the more dense the gases
the slower that sound travel so your
voice residence actually flows down as
your vocal cords are vibrating in your
voice your Accra boys come down a lot
lower this gap can put up fire really
well by just pouring it out of a
container so I'm going to go ahead and
make a fire he's going to put it out
okay get ready to put this out you can
open that
nice Wow and is that word it was it
totally works now the big you stop
he's not exactly when they work I'm like
yeah I'm never done that why why this
was really hot that was really good I
was pretty cool always be said so as you
close this back up where could they find
you and more stuff like this you can
find a bunch of awesome exciting
experiments on my youtube channel
nikka pedia so it's just a regular URL
youtube.com slash nikka pedia with an i
so ni ck i PD dia I'll put that in the
description you guys could find that in
the description below so you just click
on it and check that out word yeah but
thank you so much for coming to do this
this has been so awesome Andrea and I
have been talking about it get on in
here late night
get on anyway thank you so much for
coming and he let us he gave us some
party favors and some balloons to to
keep at home once you leave parking yet
parting gifts I'm saying we take those
out for a little run yeah are you
looking for love are you looking for
love with wieners out is your wiener out
are you hanging out with dad with your
wiener out I know I know
yeah she I too gave you food you kid
he's like well well I didn't get food
from you he's gonna give you the but
yeah he comes over and he turns around
because he just wants buttscratcher
what I'm not oh so there we go
yeah okay guys well I am officially
tired ready to go to bed
need to go to bed gotta start a new day
tomorrow new blog tomorrow new
everything so hope you guys enjoyed
watching today thank you get Nick for
coming over showing us that awesome
thing so make sure you guys go check out
his channel again it's in the
description below and I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again soon good bye if you won
