hey guys today I'm just waiting for
brandon and he's coming up right now
then we're gonna go get something to eat
you're probably just gonna get some
lunch nope so Brandon's here now and we
want to go grab lunch but we're going to
benihana's but it's like a 25-minute
wait so we're gonna go to phil's grab
mint mojito iced coffee before we go
over grab our lunch yeah right yeah he's
excited Bill's copy
funny my favorite coffee place in Santa
Monica gotta have that Phil copy it's
your first one how is it Alex okay and
now it's like copy to get it's a mojito
a stoppie I've said it before Mike it's
just really good look at this look how
much I have left Iowa what's a full
thing left and Brandon who loved it like
crazy finished his you can see all them
into the bottom what it's usually how it
goes when we drink alcoholic beverages
as well you always because I liked I
don't babysit I just I enjoy it contact
Alex Mandel for your all your
babysitting knees oh shut up
indesign
like a choo-choo train cameras out
Brandon snapchatting Brandon got himself
an iphone 6 plus and if you guys don't
know it could shoot video in 240 frames
a second so that you could do ultimate
slow-mo so we're going to put that to
the test and i'm going to try to throw
kisses into a metal champagne bucket ice
bucket ice bucket yes check this out Oh
would you be mad if I told you it wasn't
recording yeah I made it I did it wasn't
first try though definitely wasn't first
try but it's a cool phone ah you know
what you can cool it what the background
your dog oh he's obsessed with his top
another place that's almost like English
if you guys follow him once on snapchat
that's like a lot of his snapchat sir of
his dog and if you if you want to it's
just Brandon Sherman right just
friendship just Brandon Sherman you guys
could follow him on snapchat and you'll
see a lot of dog pictures be our a and
do a s.h.e omim Oh bitch get out the way
you leaving now right yeah okay it touch
myself at that hand uh-huh okay see it
boo boo huge
oh you look at me about to go pick up
Jake we're thinking about getting
burgers and we think we're gonna get in
and out because in and out is great and
for me it still fits into any sort of
healthy not healthy but car cut like a
low-carb diet because you can get a
protein style which means that instead
of buns they put lettuce so that's what
I get it's not as good because you want
that but I bun is pretty matching but
still good like still get him out so I'm
gonna pick up jake and we're gonna head
out to interrupt don't get some food you
hungry yeah leave
get some food well we were driving away
and we happen to see a dog welcome to
the sidewalk hello I think his name
Solomon I'm samba and we are we called
the number they didn't answer so now
we're driving to the address that's on
the collar and that's on the tag and
hopefully take the maximum time
hopefully they'll be home and we can
return him back we'll see I hope so well
I get you home buddy she find any dogs
make sure you take him home well that
was cool it's a it's a little bit later
right now so the woman who came out she
was like hello you mean with two guys
waiting at her door so yes we have your
dog but she was like oh my god thank you
so much she actually didn't even realize
was gone and he was out without like on
the street running by traffic and
everything that so she was very thankful
but it's always a if you guys see a dog
walking alone or in a hey bat you know
the dogs could run out in the street and
get hit it's always a good idea just to
check the tag call in number or anything
if you can't get hold them you can't do
any like that at least bring them to a
shelter because if you lose a dog most
the time you're going to call a shelter
to see if they have heard anything too
so do your part guys Jake and I decided
to go see another movie tonight so we're
going to see the equalizer Denzel
Washington see kick some ass right now
so bad that this escalator is now stairs
who would stop an escalator
oh it doesn't idiot I don't want to walk
up an escalator yeah buddy I didn't do
this clearly because I'm not walking up
it where we going there six equalizer
picture the woods Jupiter yeah goodness
oh yeah jake has his crush on Chan
tative it's really weird he really
doesn't he has got a sexy yeah anyway so
we're gonna see the movie I'm actually
excited to see this one okay guys well
that's all i have for you today that
movie is actually pretty sick and that
pretty intense Denzel Washington did a
great job with that some awesome kills
if you guys want to check that out go
check out the equalizer it's definitely
worth a watch but anyway that's all i
have for you today i hope you guys
enjoyed watching and as always i will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye a
lot of foam I got it on my blog he says
you want this on your blog it's really
whoa
