hey guys just went down the street you
met up with a mr. Roman ass would and
this is how this is how he met me yeah
you do you wanna film yeah I never
really have a choice he's like hey come
and hang out down the street so I was
like cool I'll come hang out and he
hands me the camera freshly single hey
cameraman yes Hey look you guys are the
best I need you right now that's a very
good point thank you er thank you know
it'll be the quickest 12 hour shoot
you've ever been oh dear looking forward
to now it's actually a lot of fun I
think this one's gonna be a fun one he
just told me what it was I didn't even
know when I was coming down here but i
think this one you guys will enjoy as
well ok we did a little bit of a few
reactions here and i actually got a
bounce right now I got plans see you
guys gonna go out I'm sorry oh you're
too cool you gotta go do your other
stuff hang out with the other friends no
can I give you my real friend really can
you keep what the headphones headphones
yeah course you keep my headphones but
um I do charge anyway I didn't tell you
guys what the prank was in Roman just
gave me permission to tell you guys so
if you guys saw his like super sneeze
prank where he sneezed and the trash
cans fly over it's kind of like that
except these girls are both wearing
dresses that when he sneezes they could
be yanked off and their dresses plow so
I know you guys are gonna enjoy that
everyone's gonna like that ya go awesome
and if you don't like it well I don't
want to tell you they're not even care
about the prank they're just gonna watch
this wait this was a prank we should
have brought my phantom slo-moes oh
that's what you need hmm really rude do
it my friend Brittany just came over i
miss brittany i'm vlogging and we're
heading right now with a few of us are
going over to Marina del Rey to rent a
boat to go out for a little bit so
hopefully the lettuce renta because it's
getting a little bit later and I don't
know about this
traffic cuz 35 and they only let you
take it out till six so we'll see how
this works a lot of foam I got it on my
blog he says you want this on your blog
we just went out have everything went
out in the ocean I could even take my
blog camera out of my pocket because it
was the guy before he left said watch
out stern the vibe to it there we go
there we go yeah the guy said the guy
yeah the guy said it was gonna be a
little choppy we went out there it was
pretty freakin jumpy I couldn't pull my
like every second I had to like turn the
wheel in turn the wheel at way make sure
we're not Luke dip into the water so but
it was it was fun if we had more time on
actually do it again a blog I can't
believe I did when there will be more
days that we do this I smoke what fun
it's it's okay well um that was was that
was fun right now riley reid a little
scared yeah she's available she's going
I don't like that I don't like oh you
haven't footage on your phone did you do
in sideways i didn't whatever you guys
I'm gonna give you up and I'm gonna give
you whatever what is called portrait
portrait some video check yourself
covering college oh nice assistance with
student loans they're all added benefits
in joining the armed preserve and with
flexible services yeah yeah on the Left
good left you're not supposed to go into
the rocks go two left okay so try to
kill me you know now we decided to get
some food at El Torito check out the
view even here at the restaurant
so nice get some mexican food you have
him for food yeah oh okay yeah we're
just there getting drinks at the bar
rest of them well you Harvey's had a
long two days with him and his friend
Huxley so he's like just been laying
around he is so dead right buddy how big
is now my head he used to be like it
could hold him like all my arm in my
hand and now he's gigantic he's
exhausted as soon as I came home he took
like a few steps looked at me and then
collapsed again so I think we're just
gonna chill out taking relaxed night
tonight watch some TV or watch a movie
and then I might just call back after
that we'll see i'm just chillin with my
buddy right now I was about to call it a
night I'm pretty tired but now I'm
meeting up with Jake and it's brother
Luke and we're gonna go see dracula
untold the movie so looks like I gotta
try to stay awake for another like two
hours that's okay it's Saturday night I
shouldn't be going to bed early anybody
do get 3d glasses
but I still like to wear 3d glasses it's
just three just Peter 330 does it you
see what but they saved the world yeah
it's movie time just finish watching the
movie gonna head back to my place it was
was that she pretty good you guys should
definitely check it out if you have a
chance the if you like action movies a
lot of cool kills that's a good movie
for that yeah yeah but uh pretty crazy
but yeah I'm gonna head back i'm really
tired time to probably get okay guys
that's all I got for you for today I am
really tired and I need to get to sleep
so yeah I had a fun day today I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and as always I'll
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye she
turn it to a party in my place
everyone's drinking drinking for
everyone
I feel like I'm all alone no one's
paying attention to me
