hey guys i am trying right now i'm
already 15 minutes late for to get to
the gym my my trainers waiting on me i'm
supposed to be there 1030 and it's 1045
and he texted me saying that he said
it's all good but i hate being late it
to anything and this there just happens
to be stupid traffic on the freeway I'm
trying I'm trying this is tough I just
gotta I just got to get to the gym I
just made it I'm only about half hour
late that's not too bad right it's okay
he's cool about that he said you didn't
have anyone after me so it doesn't even
matter Tom get my pom pom just got back
to the apartment I got my buddy waiting
for me you were we huh sweet boy think
he wants to go for a walk you want to
make pees and poos pee pees and poos
that what you want to make boy yeah yeah
OBP be a Buddhist someone's excited
dammit take him out real quick so that
he can release his bodily fluids I'm
driving now I have a doctor's
appointment that I gotta get to because
I have a birthmark for those who don't
know I'm not that any of you would know
I have a birthmark on my ankle which
isn't bad but
because of the way it is and everything
that I always have to get it checked
because if it ever changes shape or
color does anything or at least once a
year I get a check just to make sure you
know things can go wrong with with any
sort of birthmark or anything like that
you just got to get a check because you
want to make sure you don't have
anything like like melanoma which is
like skin cancer and like that so
there's nothing to worry about right now
but I just going to the skin doctor get
it checked just a routine thing and I'm
sure he's going to say it's a okay but
yeah it's just something I gotta do as I
expected all is good in the neighborhood
nothing's wrong with it but he didn't
give me a bag of told me that I should
be using sunscreen so I have a bunch of
different samples of sunscreen okay I'll
wear sunscreen cheese I'm back at ya
parents house to see what new parents
I I was in such a rush but anyway Abuk
oh wait the diapers she's growing around
right hi Abby how are you sleeping look
she's not crying and I'm here I I want
to eat lunch I picked up food come here
to place called health not count in
Woodland Hills actually and it's so good
there tuna salad buddy they make like
they make their own homemade dressings
too so they're Italian dressing is
really good and spicy Asian dressing
damn I'm excited it's their tuna avocado
salad I'm waiting on Jake now I think
we're gonna go grab something to eat for
dinner so right now I'm just hanging out
with my buddy yeah yeah buddy oh you
bite my face oh good I love this boy
good boy you're squishing 130 you stinky
breath it's time to go eat hungry Jase
always hungry there's a really good
place here in Santa Monica called sea
salt it's like a little seafood place
and it's so good Jake just got fish
tacos
ya see that one looks good I got myself
some cajun shrimp like occasions from
plate thing so
it's really good though I we come to
this place pretty often it's time for
some monkey ball yes oh you just died we
really just need to beat this game hey
Harvey Harvey right you want to smell
them have the 18th smell fishy the 18
smell better than you some of them 10 9
8 soon 6 5 4 3 2 2 let's see this he
shows game let's see this I just beat
the last level of the game Laser charge
at ledos just skip that part now loading
yeah buddy we just be super monkey ball
2 Oh what is this oh it's the credits so
now that we beat it what is it like
midnight now yo yeah and you got work
early the morning I do that sucks I
actually might need to go for the
station morning yeah Jake's getting
arrested why do you need to go now my
registration oh yeah he didn't have a
registration on his car for a while and
he was like I never got it never made
that finally after months he was looking
for something in his bag and found the
registration stickers so he's already
gotten like two tickets for great three
it's good find it now he just found it
so he's gonna go face checked off yo you
don't know that well odd to you Harvey's
just going on the couch last repeated
guys Lauren yeah he don't look for that
boy okay I'll see you oh yeah well yeah
Harvey and we like just took him out he
decided to walk in and we came in my
room and like while he's standing there
he decided just to like finish off a
little tinkle freaking Harvey okay guys
let's all I have for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching I know
you guys have seen us play monkey ball
before we finally beat the game so don't
know what we're gonna do from now on but
anyway I almost forgot to well I did
forget to thank you guys in yesterday's
vlog so I want to thank you guys again
today I told you guys to go check out
Brittany you know the girl who's going
to be doing some videos of me to go
check out her Instagram and like it
welcome her to the to a team and you
guys went nuts on that it was so cool to
watch that and plus I know she was
excited she was texting me like oh my
god oh my god is so exciting so that was
really cool see look at it here so in
case you don't know you guys can go
check out little focus her Instagram is
just Brittany BG right there she gained
like a little bit more than
thousand followers in a day okay I've
told you guys to go check out other
instagrams and you guys have gone over
and it's like wow you gained three four
hundred followers like that's nuts
ticking over a thousand in a day holy
bejesus you guys went nuts and then the
picture I told you guys to like and
comment was this one with Harvey and
that one she normally gets like you know
anywhere from 50 to 70 likes and this
one's 960 ice 327 coats welcome to the
a-team hey you guys get your shot over
there but um yeah and then she put up
this picture which I thought was cool
she was excited so here's a picture with
me and her and this one says it's
official Alex Mandel and the a-team are
the best this is going to be fun he's
one of our own pictures 303 likes you
guys really showed her some love and and
thanks for that because I wanted to you
know help her out get her excited she's
going to be doing a lot of work with us
with 18 and so I think she's going to be
great addition and clearly you guys do
too because you guys showing so much
love so thanks for checking that out if
you haven't go check out her Instagram
but anyway um so yeah that's all I got
for you guys today just wanted to thank
you and I totally forgot to yesterday
I'm sorry about that but as always I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
check this out take this
boom yes son
