hey guys i'm headed to my office right
now and I just picked up a toy I can't
wait to show you guys my toy right now
so I'm pulling up two if it's really
soon and then we'll show you just got
into my office with my with my best
friend with my boy how are you little
boy and I want to show you my new toy
come on you gotta lock here Oh what does
it say it says cold that can only mean
one thing I got myself a fan toy hmm
let's take this out of the wrapping this
is hard to do with one hand there we go
there we go brand new in the box a new
AR and in that little package where'd it
go we'll just put it did you guys see
where I put it oh I put it under here
okay in California we're only allowed to
have 10-round magazines but this is a 30
and it has a stopper in it to make it
stop at 10 but I like the look of having
the 30 and then just keeping it legal
check this out take this
boom yes son uh and not only that it's
got collapse of stock it's all magpul
furniture magpul for grip magpul clip
magpul let's talk collapsible stock
actually and it's got flip up sights
that's hard to do everything one hand
anyway I'm super excited for those of
you that are wondering it's a cult le
6920 magpul edition so if you want if
you want one we kind of matching guns
and I might have another new toy very
soon so you guys may see Setsu may see
that soon but anyway I'm excited about
this Brandon's gonna head over to the
office and we're gonna get some work
done and then maybe might even take this
over range I don't know I don't know
what we're gonna do but we are gonna get
some work done look who just got here
mr. brings up guys Brandon I'm just
kidding Brendan didn't get here no he
did right now I just walked in thanks
for inviting me how are you look idea
friend here just re check that out it's
like candy good pick it up I can't wait
till you get a real one yeah this one's
just made of plastic you know you can
extend the stock to 4 12 and it's got
check this out come on I don't know why
it won't go up little button yeah so
that's it look let's show them down
there we go well yeah we could we could
shoot things with that yeah we can let's
go let's go shoot some things it wrapped
up is what do you think we're gonna eat
for scream barbecue
yeah buddy
boom
I'm gonna do it right we really wanted
to go shooting but we called the indoor
range that I have memberships here and
there do the places but the one that's
right down the street like not too far
is indoor and we asked and they don't
allow any ar-15s so looks like I won't
be shooting it tonight we're trying to
figure out maybe shooting it tomorrow or
trying to figure out just plans for this
because i am already dying to shoot it
it's such a tease to have it and not be
able to shoot it like it's not one of
those things you could buy and just like
ooh take it out the box at home and try
it so I'll figure out what I could do it
but I'm kind of bummed out it sucks just
got back home decided I would take out
check out admirer dad boys I got my
remington 870 tactical they are 15 stock
pistol grip got my new ar-15 the cold le
6920 magpul edition in my Glock 19 and I
think it's the start to a good
collection right yeah yep what do you do
it yep we've had to puke on my bed he
just ate some food so I feel like he
really did a good poop good he got it I
thought I was about to blog my dog puke
he just finished drinking and eating so
sometimes he eats a little quickly in
peace bag of its disgusting yeah we want
to go for a walk boy I'm taking for a
little walk okay guys well I ended up
just going to bed last night and clearly
i'm still a bit so i don't really get up
i'm going to start my day and get this
out to you as soon as I can I got to go
to the gym and everything so let's start
a new day of logging and start fresh and
of course this one was kind of just like
this is a man and his guns you would
hope you guys enjoyed watching I think
I'm like I think I was like slowly
turning it away but anyways I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching and I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye and so
you guys should also she's gonna be
posting stuff on Instagram everything
what's your Instagram steak at Folly at
Brittany BG Bri CTA and why there's a
hundred million ways to spell baby at
Britney B isn't brittany G is in the
sauce
