hey guys today I'm gonna be shooting a
little bit more for the drinks channel I
got Brandon here shooting and someone
you've never met but she's actually
gonna be hosting all of the girly day
with me this is Brittany yeah I have I
have a day specifically like set aside
for girly drinks I know you guys are
like what but don't worry I have dates
for you guys too but for you girls I
want to give you something special so
she's always gonna be helping you yeah
and so you guys should also she's gonna
be posting stuff on Instagram everything
what's your instagrams they could follow
you so make sure you go follow her cuz
she's gonna be on that channel a lot so
we're gonna be doing we'd be making some
drinks today we're doing some girly
drinks and I'm excited well Harvey are
you saying goodbye because your closet
he doesn't stay in a closet I
accidentally said closet now we're just
getting make me sound so terrible come
on let's go viewers are gonna make a
comment about that closet comments I'm
not in the closet
I didn't I come out of the closet either
I did great are you insane the closet is
a holly exactly come on homie come on I
got to put them away cuz I'm gonna head
to my parents house now back in my
parents house
no she's not gonna cry this is gonna
save her the rocky there we go don't cry
don't cry top there we go
she's just pooping that's awesome oh I
cry sometimes but I poop oh yeah she
actually barely ever cries it just
happens to me when I hear no she just
always poops when she sees when she sees
me she doesn't want to feed her she
feeds her once a week or so Oh skunk
oh it's gunk in my parents yard skunky
skunky
where you going mr. skunk
that skunk skunk to my dog like a while
ago it comes to my yard almost every
night and literally while I was walking
my parents dogs earlier it was like
standing across on the other side of
pool just staring at me like shh shh
like she's a skunk now was it doing it
was just like exploring right here check
this out
to me my dog smell for like the longest
time it's underneath here it is actually
kind of cute I like it I just don't like
it when it sprays my dog and I'm going
to bed pretty early but I'm heading
right now to do to breakfast with Jake
and I think Luke and Lucas's brother if
you guys don't know that but yeah about
to go meet them right now and hungry
it's breakfast time would you get
Angeles California omelet the shortstack
breakfast burrito of Champions
and I got some oatmeal with a side of
bacon and some fruit I think we're doing
it right here I'm excited and I need
another coffee I wanna have wired on
copy today time to feed my little boy
yeah you hungry
you hurry yeah you are yeah you're
together okay I'll bring you some water
buddy bring you some water buddy did
okay well hey guys I just need to feed
him through myself take a shower get
ready get sexy and it's a new day so I
think going to end it here I hope you
guys enjoyed watching also be sure that
you go over and check out Britney's
Instagram follow her and then her most
recent picture of her with Harvey I was
thinking it'd be cool to show her you
guys should just say cuz here's the
thing I didn't tell you guys yet but
well you guys already know I've been
working on it but obviously I'm doing
the drinks Channel I'm doing this
channel but I think on my Alex Mandel
Channel I'm gonna start trying to do a
weekly prank too because my goal is to
try to get like 13 videos up a week 7
vlogs 5 drinks a week and hopefully one
prank a week 13 videos I think that we
could do it just trying to go all out
for you guys and I think that she would
make a great addition to even putting
her in the pranks and she's already
gonna host the special day dedicated to
girly drinks on my drinks channel and
she's great she's a I wanted to find
someone who wasn't like a slutty ho you
know just like you know is gonna get
wasted you want somebody that if you go
look at her Instagram you'll see that
she's very like well she's very smart
very like she's not a ho and she's
definitely not a gold-digger not
anything this is like she's she's a
really good I think addition for the
a-team so I think you guys should go to
her chant her Instagram which is just
Brittany BG Brittany is Bri TTA and why
Brittany BG and then I think it'd be
cool go to that picture where it's heard
Harvey cuz right now she you know she
gets likes everything just killed just
like it like crazy so that she's like I
want to see if we get a text saying like
whoa what the hell and then comment
saying like welcome to the a-team or
something like that or good to have you
with the a-team or something
go to Instagram do that I want to try to
blow it up to shock her I think it'd be
really cool she doesn't know I'm doing
this she didn't ask me to do this I just
think it'd be funny to kind of like hey
welcome but yes if she's gonna do that
and I wanna try to get into more stuff I
hope you guys will will like future
stuff to come and are excited as excited
as I am except super excited so I'm
gonna go ahead get this up and we'll get
moving because I think wouldn't be
shooting more stuff today
maybe with Dennis or something so I will
see you guys again tomorrow good bye
haircut no ain't no Jake's up next
Jake's needs a haircut too
I'm gonna be sexy
