hey guys guess what Harvey Bowman Hardy
tell them tell them RG oh you know I
don't want to give you the camera tell
them okay I'll tell them it's my
birthday yeah I'm 25 it's my birthday
right now yeah 25 years old I'm a
quarter freaking century mr. Harvey
right you want to come downstairs come
out here come out here buddy come check
it out yeah okay
well he's just trying to eat you guys
clearly he's excited I'm gonna go ahead
out to where my parents live and I'm
gonna have a meal I'm gonna meet up with
everyone over there with my family and
with some friends and we're having a
good time I'm excited it's birthday just
got to the Yamato which is kind of like
a restaurant that's almost like Benihana
which I've shown you before where they
cook in front of you like on the tables
you know oh my phone's ringing I should
pick it up here you take this hi hi hi
I'm so hungry and I'm waiting on
everyone else to come look I'm not in
black thank you
I'm trying we don't get to tables to fit
the whole group got all the way around
everyone here for me oh I thought you're
talking the blood no I thought she
wanted to talk to you but she didn't I'm
really hungry when they gonna take our
get the fire
wait the lights are on now
it was me yeah he did all I was doing
was sitting on a couch but he looked
like a douchebag right he just thought
but he just gives this first impression
of like hey I'm Brandon I'm a douche bag
I didn't say anything he did say yeah
it's okay the water is really good
there you go
stopping off to see my niece one eye
open
yep no I'm okay it's your birthday it's
my birthday do that one day okay
chocolate cake yeah maybe not right now
look even Abby sings happy birthday
all right ready
I won't make a wish I did it in one try
but cake yeah I was looking up the trade
how good is that this is my birthday I
could flog whatever I want if you guys
don't like it too bad okay guys well I'm
back at my place now I gotta take mr.
Hardy got you ended off for a walk buddy
yeah okay we're getting out for a walk
and then I'm going to go to bed I'm
really tired and I got to wake up so the
gym in the morning so yeah I think
that's it I hope you guys enjoyed I
definitely a good day I loved having
cake cuz it's my birthday so screw diets
on your birthday right
it's one day and which up tomorrow but
yeah anyway as always I'll see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
we're gonna go over to a bar right I
think we're gonna do bungalow and get a
drink at midnight for my 25th oh yeah
