hey guys hanging out with brandon right
now you hungry uh yeah you know I got
here like six hours ago to go get lunch
and I'm still sitting here and hungry he
did not get here six hours ago but
anyway we're gonna go assignee cuz I'm
really hungry hey mr. Harvey you hanging
out right now you know right now Oh your
mouth is wet you've been drinking yes
we're gonna go grab sunny so what to eat
shabu which is a place that you guys are
pretty familiar with don't hit me with
that box man it's a box boxes are meant
for packing that's just what they'll do
yeah it'll take the heat out of there
cuz yet what that's for my tripod yeah
bring the yeah now we're trying to
figure out some fun stuff to do because
it's a sunday night what is there to do
that's fun on sunday i started vlogging
a little bit later today had to kind of
clean up everything from yesterday but
now we're just gonna figure out some
stuff to do what there's nothing really
to do what a Sunday night you can always
relied on going to a certain place that
never gets old as you get older you know
you would think like know our kids are
just for kids but they're not because
you can go to Dave & Buster's we're
going to dave busters yeah I'm never
going to talk to cheese ah you're right
to try to cheat well we want we're going
to go to chucky cheese because brandon
was looking for a new girlfriend but we
decided to go to dave busters yeah how I
sottero anyway well go ahead and shave
your face and then we'll go yeah I will
okay we're gonna head over to david
busters now yeah Brendon
tengo chuck e cheese now no but we don't
have to just read the machine oh yeah
music it makes you want to dance like
its place of games honestly the best
game here is Mario Kart yeah buddy let's
do it
I gotta be Yoshi Yoshi no she's my shit
come on
mana
there we go and then now we raced here
we go when our curt number three tote
and kurt number for Yoshi oh because of
fun here we go
Oh
winner ah wait at the last second gee I
was literally on you not on Dennis
whatever it's probably some skee ball oh
here we go catchy ball yeah let's see
what the score is after 180 I'm 120 I
lost again I'm just losing how many
tickets yet to bargain for the exact I
need to win it something what should I
go for the pink fluffy thing no shake
over the glove no are what book that I'm
going to get it i want it I'm gonna get
it okay you're not gonna get it suck at
these games
fail
yeah you gotta have that right nope no
I'm trying again why are you crusher no
it's my turn
but this is so rigged
you were not close to me my picked it up
I wouldn't do it whatever screw this
this is not going to work you a slower
than 16 tickets
damn real fortune
12 out of 51 40 I went 1216 guess who's
the winner now yeah
I'm like rich or something Brandon
Knight never actually had dinner we just
kinda had a late lunch so now we're
having dinner a little bit you got your
food something that I got a salad too
eating at the arcade yeah
anyway I just got jackpot jackpot on the
21 machine I was like how do you plate
and put a coin in and he falls on like a
card here and you got to get blackjack
and I did right away at first try yeah
buddy I'm just doing well do it well I
just got jackpot where you guys been
jackpot you just have to get 21 you got
to get blackjack a hundred to go I got
106 tickets yeah everyone went
no I feel good about myself check out
this game I've been like a pod
it's like a huge gulf stream it sounds
weird in here monthly just got back to
my place brandon has headed out I'll see
you later me and the Beast red know you
were the Beast you need to get a front
plate man I do with it that yeah I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna look for my house
not you guys him oh I don't care yeah oh
when I look for it anyway I'll see you
I'll talk to you tomorrow goodbye okey
guys well I just got back from the gym
and it's done I'm finishing up this vlog
cuz it's a new day and I should be
blogging today so Harvey wonderful
goodbye then why you try to play are you
trying to play right now this boy won't
play anyway guys hope you guys enjoyed
watching and as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye my giant
announcement that I've been saying I'm
gonna make I'm gonna make a good to make
and I never made the announcement I'm
gonna make the announcement right now
huge announcement is I have a new
channel that is going to launch on
YouTube very soon and right now this
channel is called Alex Mandel vlog that
channel is going to be called Alex
Mandel drinks yes youtube.com slash Alex
Mandel drinks
