hey guys new day today I'm with mr. Jake
and we're going into weight was oh
here's the entrance to her we're gonna
go oh you got it in to bevmo that well
is like one gigantic store of alcohol
boom need some new glassware and some
new bottles yeah yeah buddy let's go
shopping just got back to my place
Brendan Hannah here hello this is your
fancy tripod that you bought no yeah I
got all these boxes of stuff are you
guys everything right here all of them
have different liquors except lose some
absinthe yeah buddy we're gonna drink at
some tonight are you gonna take that I'd
say you guys are get the rest sweet and
sour and some peach puree you need to
another ball let's let's move all the
stuff upstairs I'll just wait right here
we're cleaning up the corners so we
taped the corners like this
I think that's pretty cool hey it's a
really good idea haven't we did it we
went to a fabric store and we ended up
getting more fabric so that we can do
completely black background of the bar
and now there we go all the way down to
the bottom both sides and the back super
light colors it's a little bit like
crazy right now because of all day like
I'm afraid to show you guys in case
you're epileptic but right now I could
change the colors it looks so good like
that we took off like that black curtain
yeah you guys probably you guys don't
remember him because I was in a bar and
you could barely see him but one of my
best friends that I grew up with his
name's well he goes by now Lawrence I
still calm Larry because when we were
young that's what i call it but this is
Lawrence Lawrence that for ya he
actually is the fourth but um yeah he's
he's a bartender as well and you guys
know i bartend at Jake bartends and and
mr. Lawrence bartends he actually
bartends at a bar down here called bar
Copa you guys should go say hi but yeah
so we're getting ready right now to get
all this set because my giant
announcement that I've been saying I'm
going to make them going to make them
good to make and I never made the
announcement I'm going to make the
announcement right now huge announcement
is I have a new channel that is going to
launch on YouTube very soon and right
now this channel is called Alex Mandel
vlog that channel is going to be called
Alex Mandel drinks yes youtube.com slash
al
mandel drinks I thought we were all
still okay anyway but that's why I've
been prepping everything that's why I
have all the cameras set up everything
here we're shooting this this is
something I've been working on for a
while I think it's just going to be a
lot of fun and the reason why I'm doing
it is because I see in the comments all
the time you barely make drinks anymore
you don't make drinks in well now I'm
going to have a channel to make drinks
you guys so make sure you go check out
that you can go subscribe early if you
want i'm going to cause an intro and
explain the channel over there and I'm
just so excited so today is the first
day of shooting and we're shooting again
tomorrow so ladies and gentlemen Alex
Mandel drinks he drinks a lot check out
this awesome logo that one of the 80
MERS actually made for me this is the
Alex Mandel drinks official logo you
could see it on the channel and i'm
going to show you right now so check out
this local i know you you're checking
out that little martini glass down there
he's so easy to work with so good
whoever that was like can you do this
can you add that and he it was awesome
so that's such a cool logo thank you so
much to Jameson for doing that I'm gonna
you know what you guys you I told him
that I would tell you guys if you check
out C&C racing designs that's his
Facebook page I'm gonna put the link
down below if you guys go on there he
makes tons of designs and its really
awesome you guys could message him just
tell him you remember the a-team and he
can make you guys logos do any graphic
work and he'll give you guys an awesome
deal because you're a dreamers so I'm
gonna put his link down below again that
page is just cnc racing designs and
you'll see his facebook page link below
and make sure you like it to like it and
then you can send a message even if you
just want to tell them that this logo is
awesome because I want to show them some
love he really helped me out here and so
thank you to you Jamison and yeah I'm
just so excited for all of us well we're
done shooting for tonight I am tired
they're going back home yeah yeah and
I was using my blog camera also to help
shoot some of the videos so it is dying
it's running out of battery I know it's
what goodbye goodbye mr. max hey my mr.
Mertz yeah he really does he hate oh man
he just liked the a to you yeah that
shot literally cut out as a battery died
last night I probably shouldn't be using
my blog can I only have one battery
right now I need to get a second battery
squeeze my blog camera for the other
channel as well but hey guys I have so
much fun shooting it last night I know I
had to finish it today because this vlog
today because it just died less I had to
charge it make sure you go check out
that channel make sure you go to the
logo cnc designs on his facebook page
like its have a message and i'm gonna
have fun with this it's gonna be it's
gonna be a lot of fun but as always i
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
hair is here two-for-one special
