hey guys
driving right now to go meet up with
Brandon and we are gonna grab some lunch
I want to get some Korean barbeque again
not the same place because I'm not
driving all the way out to Torrance but
there's another place that I love and
that's we're gonna go some meeting up
with them now and I'm gonna get my grub
on at this Korean barbecue place
everything is fresh do you know how I
know because it's called French Korean
barbecue yep it's called fresh Korean
barbecue it's on the corner of white oak
and Sherman Way if you guys want to
check it out if you live out here in LA
it's really good where's Brandon
I saw him walk inside I don't even see
him anymore we eat here this one looks
different other one place that you guys
saw was like like a hot plate type of
thing this look like a grill
got a lot of meat coming yeah buddy it's
time we got brisket marinated beef short
rib and spicy pork spicy pork man they
be shorter the brisket time get cooking
I want this to cook like instantly I'm
super hungry we just got here the office
right that was good it was good food it
was pretty good yeah so here at the
office I'd add and you guys definitely
know very famous video on YouTube this
is this is Randall hi and of course with
the shirt the crazy badass honey badger
oh it's so nasty they really don't give
a shit they walk backwards you just pass
out it's crazy
those honey badgers they don't give a
dick there's the Cobra like it's one two
three noodles it doesn't have really
nothing scares them I hope you guys see
that video because that's one of my
favorite videos and it's so funny well
it's very nice to me I just met him
right now but it's nice to meet you but
I really comment below if you guys know
exactly what I'm talking about
there to shoot with him in here today so
they're shooting getting all this stuff
Wow so you guys saw the other day when I
showed you when I was with Dennis and
and Kevin and now they're using it for a
legit production yeah it's always cool
to no one else is here the office is
actually past 10:00 p.m. we were working
here I'm doing some shooting tomorrow I
got a big announcement for you guys
tomorrow that I'm gonna make while I
work on some stuff so while we're
shooting to tell you guys what we're
shooting so we've been working late here
to get everything prepped and ready to
shoot for tomorrow not shooting here I'm
gonna be shooting in my apartment so
I'll show you guys what that is you'll
see that tomorrow just got back to my
place and there's nothing I like to see
more than boxes waiting to be opened and
of course mr. Harvey
mr. Harvey things how are you doing
buddy
gotta open up these boxes I'm excited
I'll show you guys what's inside yep I
got myself a new set of golf clubs no
I'm just kidding I did not get a golf
clubs it's a brand spankin new tripod
cuz I won I need a new tripod and I've
been looking and I finally found one
that I like so I got a new tripod flips
in the case I'm gonna take it out don't
worry I'll show you guys you probably
like I don't even care about that but
I'm excited to be excited for me dude
tripod and then I got decided to try
this like you know like a dolly for
filming is like when it's on wheels and
you can do a moving shot dollies costs
like anywhere from a few hundred to a
few to sometimes into thousands but I
found a universal tripod dolly for like
40 bucks so I got this and we'll see I
am so so I am so excited about this so I
got the 546 B Manfrotto tripod so it's
the right now it's extended but that's
really awesome and then that's the
Ravelli tripod dolly now it didn't
really work with these these are like
the rubber pads down for the feet of the
tripod so if you remove them then you
get the point tip that's for like carpet
or any rug that you need the tripod to
dig into but for now just made it thin
enough
I have the this is the 504 HD fluid head
on here so it's just so you know you got
one finger on it you can go push it up
you know everything's very fluid motions
but with this whole thing now if I want
to I can go like this and get a pan a
wall I'm panning the camera or tilting
the camera I'm also getting a moving
dolly shot this way see so I can move
this and get a shot like this that is
awesome
and I'm so excited for fun I just put
the camera on it and let's see see if I
can get this it's not super clear
through my vlog camera but look like if
I move it here
well I'm panning watch this
it's too hard to show how smooth it is
on here I should just get you footage
and put it into here right out you'll
see when I actually use it for something
I want to use it now okay I have you
guys on the tripod check this out
ready
that's cool right I well I thought it's
super cool
again I'm over doing this but anyway
guys I got that I'm gonna put it away or
do something because it's getting late
and I should be going to bed soon okay
guys what's it all I got for you today
I'm tired I got a kind of a long day
tomorrow so I should be getting to bed
Harvey's already got the right idea
everybody it's not usually where he
sleeps but what's comfortable anyway so
I hope you guys enjoyed watching today
and it was weird having the vlog camera
on this tripod because it just looks
super tiny but anyway as always I will
see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye uncomfortable I'm not waking up
