hey guys i am going absolutely nuts
right now because i don't know if you
guys you guys will if you watch
yesterday's vlog it was all good until
about like eight minutes and 11 seconds
or something and all of a sudden it was
no audio for one of the clips and i was
like what the hell like i don't even
touch the audio i don't do anything it's
not like i add an audio later that was
just some sort of glitch on the icon the
exponent on the render or something I
don't know anyway I tried to fix it and
I was like cool YouTube has like an
editor rather than everyone only
commenting about no sound rather than
anything else on the vlog so I'll just
cut that clip out so use the YouTube
editor and I just snipped that clip and
I'm checking it now I mean I checked it
right before i was i got in the car but
i'm checking it and i cut the clip and
i'm watching and the clip is still there
but the audio from the clip cut out and
moved the audio later so now it's just
all out of sync it's supposed to cut the
video too thin that clip hi this is
driving me nuts I don't know what's
going on that's just it seems to be the
vlog from Hell right now that it's not
working ah well hopefully it doesn't
happen again okay guys I just parked and
I looked at it again and it fixed itself
it corrected so good job YouTube you
fixed yourself I mean a lot of people
still saw it with a with a mess up but
whatever i'm happy because everything's
good on it now and i just got to decided
to go to Turner's outdoorsman to check
out some new guns I love guns
yeah no I just wanted to check him out
and look around and um yeah that's what
I'm doing right now hello person where's
the savvy Abby's watching football oh I
want to just ahead Abby yeah she's busy
done right she's sleeping I don't want
to wake her up I just want to go say hi
I'm the heir to wake up fuse oh I'm
gonna go say hi she's going crazy right
now I know she thought she's gone actors
about she's like insane yeah thanks for
introducing us hanging for friend
structure hey we good we good should
find 39 row nine but now do you want to
see my vision make sure you buy a ticket
from the only place Washington epitope
she's uncomfortable i'm not waking up
okay well i'm gonna leave my parents
house and head back to Santa Monica now
are you where you going
are you run okay I'm gonna go goodbye
okay I'll talk to you tomorrow office
yeah i'm gonna go office okay goodbye my
dad he actually he's nuts when it comes
to working out my dad runs on average
like six to ten miles a day no joke
crazy oh yeah you want the food yeah you
want the food don't you want temperature
he is doing excited Louie don't run into
walls now okay okay here you go and boom
go to town hungry boy Rambo one such a
manly movie yeah it's a whole marathon
of Rambo right now so about Jake's yep
ya rabba three is next rebel to is just
ending yeah oh yeah I fell asleep here
yeah and I was on Alex's tinder account
yeah he was he was like going through
yes no yes no yes no it's more like no
no
maybe no no no no no that and then yes
well maybe I'll get him you're not gonna
match how about eight I guess yeah well
let's see see I'm tired i need to go
back home cosine get out of my house
okay guys well that's it it's a new day
and just got back from the gym I gotta
take a shower I am standing here
completely naked so I need to go scrub
my my areas I want said areolas but I do
need to scrub those too but anyway hope
you guys enjoyed watching this vlog and
as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye Harvey fucking dog oh
my god
