hey guys i am just pulling up to my
office um with mr. Harvey cuz he's my co
worker yeah he's my coworker while I
were but I'm coming here because I gotta
bring something over to the office and I
think dennis and Kevin are going to meet
me here and we're going to shoot some of
Dennis's how to prank it up prank videos
first channel so if you haven't checked
out his channel check that out but yeah
I think we're going to shoot a few of
those videos here and then just hang out
so guys you guys have seen this before
you've been in my office but now my part
is done I got this cool cabin i'll show
you here tvs on the wall across from the
couch and coffee table and I got my
whiteboard there too right so I mean
it's not gigantic that's for like drinks
or whatever but it's a gigantic but it's
great and it's mine and I'm excited
because this is where i'll be writing a
lot of my stuff for youtube stuff i'm
going to do i have more stuff coming
that i'm excited to tell you guys about
but i'll tell you guys another time so
Dennis and Kevin just got here hello
what's going now and we're going we're
gonna learn how to prank it up in here
yeah yeah we're doing some wake up
pranks wake up prank duck that you guys
can do it's so easy when does this go up
I'm gonna put up tomorrow yeah yeah so
this is so what while you're watching
this vlog it's it's either up now or
gonna be up at least today yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah and it's perfect
because perfect ones you can do to your
friends your brother's your sisters your
personal do that with you know exactly
what partners Oh your girlfriend long
yeah he was just playing with the one of
the real deal or no deal cases or if I
should open it what's the value in SAS I
want to go with wait wait wait open the
case yeah they would interchange the
values and what are you barking at
Harvey barking at the wall see their
chick would change it up stuff in here
so like this wall that's all used to be
that one there and
there's like a new garage piece and
there's like this these sets are being
moved around so there's a bunch of new
stuff in here I'm excited and what ah
metallic should use this kind of a
suitcase for what when his Russian
hitman oh yeah 422 Batali the Russian
hitman model yeah anyway we're gonna get
to filming are you in my house dude
movie magic cool will be weird if my
house had a dart board though I got the
outside on the outside well this is
suppose this was like set up like a
basement and all this side pictures and
a couch there and everything it looked
like a basement before but now that that
door is just floating there so if we
want to turn into something else we can
what you should load up the Alex Mandel
talk show a team do you want to see the
Alex Mandel talk show and then and then
Dennis decided this wasn't cool enough
by itself he wanted to go swimming so
he's so he's adding a pool Alex but i'll
talk to ya and look I only had like the
back curtain here that actually looks
really cool i like that curtain your
guests have to have a drink you have to
always be drinking on the show maybe
have a bar behind your desk I don't know
that'd be awesome ah now that's what you
guys gonna wat let me know yeah we want
the hell expand Delta hey I get to be
executive producer yeah so listen I
wanna do an air show gonna be on a show
you want to show will make a show in the
big chef universe that would be one of
the pranksters ya know see one day
you'll learn how to prank I'm just yeah
that was just a prank check this out
this is a cape that Ellen gave my dad
Ellen's MVP most visited person he he's
the guest that's been on Ellen the most
time wasn't have any other guests she
say which is cool was I almost just lost
I mean I did lose to Kevin but I almost
lost 10 like 11 20 but instead I got
three it's kevin kind of rules of those
you mount it a little bit of a cowboy
yeah yeah Oh real all cuz now I gotta
play you you're about to get smoked dude
smoke I guys Christmas ham I here we go
10-5 Kevin so this is game point oh he's
bit boy yes really just benefit you
thought of the ball it's 10 5 okay
whatever mark yeah you got its all
slobbery literally like Harvey's the
ball boy you won and then and then you
want to get oh wait get it from Harvey I
just won 11 to eight with Dennis but I
actually he hit so hard one time I was
like well I'm a matrix ping-pong player
here I was you to hear the ball yeah
good because it's electric I can hear
the motor are you saying you the chosen
one I am Jewish oh my god dog is the
devil glad you find it so amusing this
case did you were you the one that
closed the door in him no yes miss
Walters like to take your flip-flops off
when he purrs when he gets it when he
gets pissed he pisses on shoes well I
didn't know that why don't you tell
that oh it does just niggas limb on
their sandals they're waterproof oh I'm
like God you're buying me some new
sandals like me said we couldn't figure
out how to open up the or how to fill up
the pool sorry I couldn't figure out how
to fill up the pool but Dennis took a
piece of pipe and put up on this thing
fly past yeah we do an episode I thought
what was crazy Russian have to do so I
got Alex and Kevin on the wake up pranks
now they guys do one on me work it's
your turret I know still what's gonna
happen yes hey are you even regulating
the temperature you want yeah this is
beautiful oh yeah i just gotta be cold
oh god just like the longest p.m. ever
since on my wife on a wide drink all
that beer is all there you Harvey
shining it in here hey Harvey dunk mat
dau Harvey is thirsty oh my god he's
drinking it so fast that his tongue is
splashing it like on the wall damn boy
he loved him some water oh look Jake's
here we're gonna go eat I gotta let him
up or else there's no way he's getting
up here there's always something new
going on like on the streets around my
place isn't there it's the only this
corner he has a fourth fourth weird
thing that's happened they're right here
they just krotz like they blocked off
that whole corner and apparently someone
got stabbed or something that's what
they said
well that's because Santa Monica's super
ghetto some chick said she doesn't it
yeah I don't know she's saying something
that's that I don't know if she talked
to the cop or she's guessing all I know
is they like crossed off they blocked
off the whole corner and the whole
street is closed so no one except this
person just went around the clothes 30
they're letting people through now
anyway I don't know what's going on so
Jake and I just ate at a Chipotle and
there's no use blog in there because you
guys have seen what you call it looks
like but both of us has I know we should
have logged because both of us had
really weird experiences like Jake they
were making my burrito and the Jake's at
the front line after the big mine by the
way I totally had a moreno tonight I
don't even out even care i'm going to
the gym tomorrow I couldn't have why am
i explaining myself I had a burrito and
i freaking loved it anyway so then make
my burrito and then Jake is in the front
of the line and they make him stay there
for 10 minutes they put his tortilla
into like the thing to heat that and
then some other employee just comes over
looks at the tortilla takes it out it
looks up the end does it ask me what I
want proceeds to make her own fucking
burrito right in front of my
like a way she made her own burrito with
his tortilla after she looked up at him
didn't say a word and then just stuck
proceeded to make our own burrito which
was ridiculous and then as I was getting
to like the register to pay there was
this was super ridiculous the guy in
front of me goes he looks at things and
the employee he goes hey so did you want
the sativa and the guys like shit not
right here man we'll go up to the side
and I'll get it's like okay you selling
the employee weed right next to me in
front and employees like yeah like he
and just ridiculous okay anyway that was
our experience I love watching TV with
my boy mr. Harvey you enjoy it he also
makes a really good pillow okay guys
well it's time I go to bed I am
exhausted I was like falling asleep on
the couch with Harvey so I'm gonna call
tonight but as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow I hope you guys
enjoyed today's fuck so hard to get that
out I hope you guys enjoyed watching
today's vlog but like i said i'll see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye
you could have it later
so excited for this
