hey guys I just pulled up to samy's
camera which is like a gigantic camera
equipment lighting audio everything in
place and I'm just waiting on Roman I'm
gonna meet Roman here we're going to
look at some new equipment I think he
may be potentially get new camera I'm
looking at some tripods and stuff so
yeah this is like toys r us for us
because I love checking out new
equipment and this store is awesome
I'll just lighting good look at cameras
I actually kind of feel stupid dogging
in here because of all the pro camera
gear and everything so I'm holding my
little vlog camera and there's like most
high-end cameras you could possibly get
okay it's just you and us yeah I mean
you and me not you and us I like to
think of myself as two people awesome
the a-team yeah yeah yeah you got a new
camera I had to yeah shopping spree room
yeah and I'm sitting here on my iPad the
whole time and I it's my vlog is not
processing I can't put thumbnails on it
so if you guys are wondering why
yesterday's vlog was up so late I've
been trying like six times and it's just
killing sorry stuck did we never push it
I thought we were hanging out no we're
stuck oh now somebody else just so much
just wish that we there offensively yeah
I just wanted to hang out in here it's
getting hot yesterday when i was working
on the bar we had to tie down to clean
up the wires sweet the wires are tied
down like on the inside here with the
electrical tape electrical tape doesn't
stick very well to this type of metal as
you can see it just peels up and a lot
of them are already coming off so i
didn't want to use just a great duct
tape i have so i went out i just bought
black duct tape so that i can clean up
the wires well so they can be hidden cuz
no one wants to see a whole mess of
wires just finish that everything's
working perfectly I actually rewired the
red because I made it so worked
yesterday but it was kind of a so i
undid the wiring a little and fixed it
now that everything's good so you'll see
you watch it'll become red the bright
red all around works perfectly cleaned
up the wiring it's still exposed
obviously because it's a like a skeleton
shelf there's no hiding it but at least
if like from the front you can't see
anything and then inside these things
is if you notice this is just a wiring
on the inside and that runs all the way
down and then off to the side and then
under so that it can come up there this
hidden is I'm going to get it and I
think looks great you can't tell
anything can't see lights can't do
anything it's just lit up it's awesome
so I'm very proud of myself oh I'm gonna
wrestle you bye babyface I babyface what
are you doing just hanging out are you
going are you going I'm getting butt
shot thank you four kisses I'm about to
go ahead over to pick up jake and we're
meeting Angela in torrance at our
favorite korean BBQ place than love so
excited I'm hungry so let's go time to
go bringing you guys along with me when
you Alex get here but I remember to vlog
night remember to start marking I know
these are eating I'm getting better at
this I'm really trying yeah we got they
bring you like all these different like
appetizers here black cream barbecue
this way cause all the food but you
check out all of this now I can actually
show and all the look
oh yeah forgot every time I know I got
it this time and and we didn't even take
our shot of soju yet so we can still
cheers I'm getting good at this this was
some more finally gonna hang us an
awesome none of you could you shoot it
uh
yeah buddy let's go I know if it's
headed by the new stuff
you could have it later
so excited for this it's Lutz first time
here you're excited I'm really excited
for this cuz it's really good oh that
was good we cleared that buddy buddy
buddy yeah but now we could toast again
but she's get to end to the food yeah is
that right wait we got to choose we just
like yeah whatever what is it come back
come back what does that mean it's like
you so you guys now you learned
something new korea time wait do we
cheers we did it yeah where did it
yup la de ok guys one back at home now
and I'm really tired I've like a one of
my computer for a little and I was
literally dozing off so go to bed I I
had fun day today and i love korean BBQ
if you haven't tried korean BBQ should
go get it and the reason why it's great
to at the moment is because it's mainly
like meat vegetables there's not a lot
of starches and it was he good rice but
I actually didn't have right so did on
that I know I'm going to get a lot of
comments but you drank a little bit I
had literally those two shots of soju
which is kind of like sake sake that's
that's all that so I'm allowed to treat
myself even if I wanted rice I'm gonna
have it you know that I'm not super Nazi
about it but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I will see you guys
again tomorrow Dubai we're in the
courtyard area of UCLA this is like
prime area cuz it's so open for shooting
so I got small more camera ready to go
he's putting the first time I'll say
that someone's putting shit on their
shoe
