hey guys it's a new day today just got
back from the gym showered up got ready
and now I am hungry time to eat I went
to the store to go buy some stuff and I
showed you guys yesterday that I had
actually this that I had the chicken
roasted red bug cream sauce and it's
only eight net grams of carbs sounds
like I got excited I was like you know
what I'm just gonna stock up on like all
these low carb things so I literally got
all different kinds and you got to see
this like wait okay I love pasta I want
to eat pasta but the thing is when
you're doing low carbs you're not gonna
have pasta so I went they actually had
Italian style pasta bake and it's the
only seven grams of carbs now the cool
thing is is you can have these for all
your meals this is why it's why it's
exciting for me because in the morning I
could have like meal bars or do whatever
grab the heart ball I do whatever I'm
going to do with protein shakes but for
lunch and dinner I could have each one
of these and they only cost like four
bucks four or five at the most so you
end up like all of this and like protein
bars and these like protein treat bars
and everything that I all got was like
40 bucks this is gonna last me a while
so it's a good way to save money and I
have to see which one I want to pick
because I have crustless chicken potpie
chicken roasted red peppers Linden good
time style+ a shredded pork with
vegetables for lettuce wraps and the
cool thing for this I'll show you this
there's a company called la tortilla
factory that makes low-carb tortillas so
rather than even having a lettuce wrap
you don't wanna have that you'd have
tortillas and check this out
it's only got three grams net carbs
that's nothing that's absolutely nothing
and that company does make low-carb
flour ones too and those ones are only
about like six cards so really you can
go healthy and still
eat all this amazing stuff my sister's
trying the crust list chicken pot pie
right I think it is it good is it well
then there you go see and it's not even
bad to eat I'm making of course because
I've been craving this the pasta only
seven net gram of cards net SEP get pot
pasta pasta
oh yeah mix up that cheesy goodness oh
friend with one hand without without
knocking off the oh I'm steaming up the
camera whatever let me do this with two
hands please okay let's taste this
things like pasta that's what it is it's
really good I'm really happy to eat it
now I'm like excited to try all of them
but I think it defeats the purpose if
you eat them all in a row so I'm just
gonna have to wait just got to UCLA now
not for college I'm still still not
going to college
I did go I'm just anyway I'm here we're
gonna shoot some more stuff for Roman
ass woods Frank yeah yeah yeah we're
doing it we're doing big boy business
Roman ass wood anyway see how we're
gonna go in and see if we can get some
of the students here UCLA I think I
think it'll be good I have a good
feeling about this we're in the
courtyard area of UCLA this is like
prime area cuz it's so open for shooting
so I got small more camera ready to go
he's putting it's the first time I'll
say that someone's putting shit on their
shoe and then we'll get started I'm just
gonna hang out here hang back and I'll
be able to film him wherever he goes
we got a few fun reactions here they
were good but I think it's time we drop
out of college
leave belong here man yeah schools for
fools
oh yeah way to just tell all these
viewers don't listen to me and the
homeless hippie am I trying to pull
pranks for a living
it's stupid youtuber anyway we're gonna
head out and try to get some more
reactions at the beach if we could beat
the Sun from going down and then yeah
hopefully we'll finish it out over there
oh it doesn't feel like we're supposed
to be on the pier I know I always feel
like I'm breaking the law but you
actually can park on the pier this is
Pete and it's all like rickety and
monocot events - wait don't you want to
put the camera back in we just we just
wrapped up I think we I think we got a
video for you I think so too I mean I
was close to anyway I really don't need
you at all but since you wish
now you saved me bro you saved me don't
cut that part out where say you saved me
he's done nothing no I'm not gonna yeah
he just it's like saying I hate you and
then you say I'm just kidding I'm just
gonna cut the gist getting out now
actually it was a good day of shooting
and lights going down so unfortunately
when you're shooting outside like this
and you're shooting pranks you kind of
have to rely on Mother Nature when it
comes to sunlight cuz once it's done and
lights off if you're done once you pop
you can't stop
except we just stopped well we never
popped you're right you're right
okay we're still Pringles
I'll just lays it down you are the best
mean you Bissell look at this can you
make that it's a gating climate
hey guys Brandon mr. Brandon join me for
dinner
hello hey you haven't seen them in a
while right you guys haven't seen Brenda
no like three weeks
yeah I've been God and everything we are
at one of my favorite Italian places
here it's called miss Torre del piccolo
in Santa Monica and I got myself a pork
tenderloin look at this yeah chili oil
oh yeah it's like hot spicy
I'm just ready to dig in I'm hungry
bread and I have to we're going we're
home depot I've got to buy special
lights I want to light up the bottles of
my bar like in the shelving I want to
have them lit because they're so dark
and it's underneath the stairs so I
gotta see if they have special lighting
for that but I was noticing how did they
know that recording is in progress
look corny
they must know I'm recording okay we're
back at my place now as you can see it's
not really lit and I want a light each
thing like under here and so I got the
eight-foot RGB LED tape light these are
LEDs it's literally like tape but with
LEDs on it and it's eight foot and you
can cut it in half so I'm gonna do four
feet four feet and then I bought two of
them I said you do the four shelves and
I have to wire them all together it
doesn't come with extra wire
it's weighted by a bunch of wire and
then I got a solder that all together
started together the connections and
then put it through the light controller
once I put through the light controller
then I take the controller and I put it
through the power supply and then I
could plug it in so every open area of
wiring I made sure I got electrical tape
because I'm not gonna plug anything in
the wall with exposed wire or every
person that reaches into the bar to grab
alcohol is gonna get electrocuted that
wouldn't be good we should totally screw
up Romans giveaway look duh just gonna
dump it I'm just kidding he still got
picked it up he's just afraid to dump me
in the car maybe I'll just like dump all
the M&Ms in a bag then he could take it
then pour it back in there for the past
few hours we've been working a lot check
this out this mess of everything of
soldering all this stuff the lights are
like
they're going in up here and on these
parts and then we're trying to get all
the wiring to go and putting everything
in because we got a wire all four
shelves he's sticking on the fourth one
a bottom one that we got a wired in yeah
neither of us know what we're doing so
I'm gonna make sure to vlog when we
first try to turn it on because I don't
even know if it's getting turned on we
finally just finished all the wiring
everything's done now it looks like a
mess like the wirings are all exposed
and everything I'm leaving it exposed
until we try this and then at that point
we'll see if it works and if it doesn't
I'll have to see what to do but if it
does then I'll go ahead and clean up the
wire okay you see the plug it's under
there no no I left it there on purpose
it's in the middle okay and go for it
what oh you're oh that is so freakin
awesome
I got it sewn up I got it turn off these
lights and show you guys the dog I'm
gonna see this lights
let's do Oh Oh darkness
that is awesome oh my god I can't
believe we did it
did you think it was gonna work no I
thought we were gonna yeah I seriously
thought that we just screwed that up but
that it's so cool and then here let's
see mode odd mode exact what no I know
I'm pushing it here what if I turn it
off oh okay off works turn it on mode
it's not green Oh what just happened
Oh
crazy I am so excited about this guy's I
just got to clean up the wires and I'm
done
with the lights on the way they are
actually to tweak something a little bit
because the red wasn't working but now
we got it ready take this out
yeah we got red green and it goes white
and now it now because the Reds are at
it it's got like orange and light
colored blues and dark blues and it's
really cool I love it see ya thanks for
helping me be an electrician today
okay well I'm actually really proud of
myself for being it will do that and
Thank You Brandon for your help with
that I have no idea how to do any of
that wiring I just kind of guessed it it
worked and it looks great so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I'm gonna end
it here so as always guys I don't see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye
