hey guys I'm actually going out to shoot
sign today and I get a prep for some
shooting tomorrow but someone's coming
over right now who I haven't seen in a
while
Oh ding ding there's the elevator Oh
rody look how big you got yeah he's big
big boy now what's up eighty pate oh I
give you a high five I stole different
that was your hand but don't do anything
else with my hand yeah that's for Dennis
later yeah I was talking to you on the
camera I was hoping I saw you waving but
I wasn't picking my nose yeah then I
don't touch you we're gonna shoot
something fun today I kind of show you
guys a little bit later what we're doing
cuz I don't want to give away too much
he's got a pull up right I'm gonna pull
it up tomorrow I think okay well this is
it depends so either way you'll see it
on his channel what's up guys
fried wings and everything but you know
I gotta we gotta stay on that on that
game right yeah both of us I'm not
getting this shit right what
so why to the 80 mile island did we get
fried chicken Alex had like three pieces
of fried chicken oh yeah here's why I
don't even drink Budweiser both of us
he's on his workout game and so I said
we're just doing easy stuff just salads
and everything and then they have
chicken here that you can get like naked
chick this is not breaded or fried but
they have options
I'd rather get from an ass wood that's a
good name yes that's a bitchy yeah you
should make sure it's Melvin ASCO what
yeah under West Hollywood's that name he
might be the highlight again there's a
lot of ass right there yeah this is
we're gonna finish shooting I can't
really say what it is I don't know if
he's gonna upload it tomorrow or not so
I'm kind of leaving you guys in the dark
and I apologize for that this is weird
here I know it's well they're doing all
the construction stuff here I lived here
so I went out for school I did we didn't
have indoor hallways you have do you
have you had indoor hallways like for
lockers and stuff yeah yeah cuz it's
know right yeah I don't we just haven't
sleep already
yeah actually this funny yeah yeah I did
what
don't eat me dude look at this pork chop
and he's big now ya know it's going
blurry
there we go it's almost 40 pounds now
apparently he's doing a giveaway to I
don't know what Romans given away but
he's having you guys count mini M&Ms I
gotta figure out what do you guys have
any idea what I should do to give away
the bottle or a method you guys help me
pick cuz I can't think of what to do
we're at a place called Kona burger you
guys seen here before it's so good here
in Santa Monica I hung out in your face
while we're sitting in a smaller table I
can't really like I can hold it here
yeah you look tired
do i yeah
five notes no no I say he looks better
my life he tells metal
I'm just saying like for someone who -
doesn't work it out I don't even hang
out with you well Romans doing the whole
healthy thing - so props to him although
he doesn't need to lose weight at all
peaches yeah it's a salad with some
protein so I got some burger on it yeah
and then avocado yeah it's super good
you got to put dressing you have the
vinaigrette on the side yeah it looks
good I'm excited
okay so Jake I fell asleep last night
and didn't have rangin with you with you
people
yeah but tonight I want to go out and
you're saying maybe we can go out you
just told me maybe you're just trying to
please don't and go out are you going to
maybe no dawn yeah just go back and get
dressed
all right and then we'll go over I do
want you want to go out right
no he'll be your wingman la I don't use
go pick up chicks you just need to go
out and have fun that's what girls say
you're trying to get chicks the show
that first time the girls night out
girls are trying to have fun and then
guys go and ruin their time yeah by
going out and hitting on every table is
I mean let's go run some bitches tons
yeah yeah yeah what that's what that's
what we do let's go they're laughing
because they yes okay girls when you go
out you're hoping to find a wiener right
no you're just hoping to go out and have
fun guys man and ruin that not me I know
I'm the only ones in here
well anyway we should go out and have a
good time yeah
I'm casting a shadow
I've been so good I didn't even have one
treat tonight because I really don't
want to you know get fat for no reason I
never used to get drunk wasn't like
crazy night or anything and everyone is
at this place got holy guacamole getting
burritos are you putting your shell in
the car that's not mine at all that's no
it's actually not my eye and I didn't
eat a burrito or anything everyone's
eating burritos look how good I am
look how good I am I'm proud of myself
because normally I would have a fat
burrito and a lot of drinks okay guys
well I'm back home now and after seeing
them eat the burrito and everything I
got really hungry but you know what you
do if you get really hungry I'm gonna
show you so I'm really hungry now take a
bottle of water and you fill up your
stomach so that you don't want it you
just take this that's cool that's cool
it's really cold but just finish a
bottle of water and you'll be you fill
up your stomach in that way all of a
sudden give it like five minutes and you
won't want any more food
I'm not this bad at chugging it's just
it's ice-cold and it's like freezing me
yeah so that's what you do and that's
all I have for you today I hope you guys
enjoyed watching have a brain freeze
right now so I'm just gonna end it here
but as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow
goodbye wasty papi hmm
I should put the focusing on is how does
wanker in junk that's where you guys
start well I feel like I should put a
blur on it
