hey guys what's up back at my apartment
now which I ended really Harvey really
squeak your toy right now I ended vs is
vlogging my apartment so I was here but
now state i'm hanging out haven't seen
Jake in a while so Jake's gonna come up
we're gonna grab some lunch hanging out
Harvey's back in his in his rightful
place with his squeaky ball ah such a
mistake getting him a squeaky toy that's
all I here now right you enjoy that you
enjoy your squeaky toy hey Harvey come
say hi oh don't eat the camera ok well
that's his way to say hi he wants to eat
you guys or he's just trying to end the
vlog there cuz that's what I do but I'm
gonna wait for Jake and then we're gonna
go out grab Sonny i'm here with jake you
guys haven't seen him in a while either
5 i'm eating a cannoli yeah you're
eating a little weird bay cities if you
guys ever go to santa monica-based it is
like super famous sandwich place and
it's the home of the godmother so if you
ever come try the godmother which is
like their famous sandwich Greg I got
meatballs
meatballs in like a little salad thing
the cycle was empty because of course I
eat me eat and then remember I should be
logged on it like a little bit of a late
vlogger late bloomer blade flogger late
blogger bloomer I'm gonna finish eating
and then and then i'll see you guys in a
second cuz i'm hungry now i'm heading
over to jake's house we're going to go
over there and hang out for the night
and i'm bringing my buddy to you coming
to hang out at Jakes hey hey look up
this way when I'm talking to you gonna
hang out Jake's yeah yes we're going out
of Jake's down and then I don't know
we're gonna do probably have some drinks
we've just been hanging out watching TV
in the house now we're gonna go get
something to eat for dinner which just
been time has been passed and we've just
been chillin nothing blog worthy which
is actually good just to be hanging a
hot dog in here so stop talking myself
talk talking to 18
anyway we're going to go grab some
dinner at the end of the street and yeah
I'm literally sitting here with Jake and
we finish I'm like okay let's get the
check we got the check and then I was
like damn it I'm freaking forgot to free
blogger how bad am I at this is a
retirement every time I've like scraps
like I just put the rest of my rice into
my yellow curry that looks like I just
to Mecca but it tastes really good I
promise next time I'll remember wasted
puppy hmm I should put a longer focusing
on his how does wanker and junk before
you guys start I feel like I should put
a blur on it where's jack yeah yeah
buddy right oh you want to go you want
to go she's like I didn't say just so
much John exactly him I don't want that
to end up on the Internet back at home
now hanging out just just tuned because
if we decide to go out tonight I didn't
want to have my car at jakes because
then I wouldn't be able to drive home if
I was drinking so if i go back there or
wherever i go i could just uber now and
then Ali will have a ride so that I
don't need to so that I won't drink a
drive cuz that's not a good thing it's
not oh my god jumping on my wiener man
how do i get if i hate your wiener crazy
dog totally fell asleep last night
didn't even go out i was waiting to hear
back i was going to go out with jake in
them and they ended up doing what they
were doing and I fell asleep apparently
i'm still a new york time but i'm not
going to end the vlog right here because
clearly it might be a little too short I
don't want to give you I want to try to
give you guys like good blogs you know I
don't want a half-ass so right now I'm
just waiting for my little buddy to
finish eating and then I'm gonna go with
my sister and her boyfriend over
you my favorite coffee place I really
want to show you guys I know this sounds
lame but i'll show you it's really cool
i don't know if you guys remember but I
was showing you this I was calling this
a team champagne you know has the like
the gold bottle inside yeah it's it's
not actually 18 but I'm calling it the
a-team champagne but check out this i
got a new one so you see that case check
this out another one I just love
different champagnes I have like two
bottles of Cristal and Dom panyo
everything that so check this how cool
is that you got the rosy the brute and
the white brute actually or yeah it's
exactly what it is but I think those are
sick it's a cool case that it comes in
and I just love because you guys know I
have like all my liquor stuff and
everything I have like over 150
different brands but I also love my
champagnes I don't drink as much
champagne I just like to have nice
bottles and if there's celebrations I'd
love to be able to pull one out just
like i did when i hit 100,000
subscribers i drank this dumb which I
just remembered because I left New York
and I had deal with it also yeah so I
just remembered I told you guys I would
do a giveaway with the bottle and the
box that it came in that ID sign it
because that was the bottle that I
celebrated my hundred thousand
subscribers with so you guys still want
me to do that give away let me know in
the comments below and then I'll figure
something out for it so this place it
just recently opened up in Santa Monica
it's called bills ph IL c it's good
right actually you showed it to me yeah
and every cup of coffee that you were
they making each cup when you order so
they literally have a whole row of
coffees just that they literally pour
the hot water through each cup
they make cool bumping into people make
each one like as you order you order
they have like a whole line of them so
that we're making each cup individually
it's really awesome it spills coffee
this is actually it's called the mojito
coffee and it has no alcohol it's just
they make it with mint and they make it
the house way it's awesome here philz
coffee if you guys are in Santa Monica
what is it it's Santa Monica and six is
where it is and definitely check it out
because I'm obsessed with the coffee
ever since they showed it to me and this
is a nice coffee but if you get like
mojito coffee that's a nice coffee
definitely try it's like my favorite
when you're all done with the coffee
look at this the bottom it's all meant
there's so much meant to the bottom you
don't need to add sugar anything that
really good come here and get the hell
away all right guys well i'm back at my
place now and it is a new day so I'm
going to end this vlog and start a new
one and still gotta edit this put it up
do whatever it I gotta take out mr.
Harvey for a walk you gotta go for a
walk oh it lost your balance there buddy
yeah okay so I'm gonna a man and it
right here but as always I'll see you
guys again tomorrow Dubai how are you
it's my first time holding my niece Abby
