hey guys so it is my second day of
wearing colors yesterday was the blue so
I have to actually go look at your
comments for that because I just put up
the vlog like a few minutes ago but
anyway today is the life the more
burgundy color
tell me see this is it's a dark color
anyway so it goes with my black jeans
and stuff like that but what do you what
do you guys think cuz this is it's
almost braucht but it is it has like a
red hue hue hue it's like a ya know so
you guys again like one touch you think
I don't know tell me if I should add
some more colors to my wardrobe feel
free to pick colors too and I'll buy
them um yeah I don't know I just think
that it's something new to try and if
you guys like it and I must look good
because you guys know everything I
noticed this little before and I was
hoping that it would get a little bit
clearer outside to show you I mean it's
clear right here you see oh let the
light focus anyway there you go so it is
clear here but all the way down that way
it's not super clear but I wanted to
show you because I thought this was cool
because from here let me see if I can
zoom all the way in which I can come on
you can go farther you can go farther
there you guys know what that is that's
the Statue of Liberty yeah buddy
you can see the Statue of Liberty from
here it's a little foggy over there so
it's not super clear but you guys could
probably make that out right but you can
see it is pretty far away come on today
get all the way back yeah it's pretty
far away but when it's not so foggy over
there you can kind of see it better I
just wanted to show you because I don't
know if I'll have a time where it's more
clear or anything so now that you guys
can kind of see it figured I'd show you
that's really cool and it's always cool
to see things for those who have never
been to New York or only seen
going to say if you only seen statue of
liberty and pictures and videos this is
still video but at least it's not like
in a movie it's not a vlog right this
has got to make a little bit better
well I hope you guys enjoy seeing cool
things I'd like to show you as many cool
things as I possibly can dancing and
then you hear this ringtone which it's
actually really funny cuz like when he's
an elevator with full strangers or ever
he's just getting there and there's
ringtones that's going off like wine
from his pants so he said quick quick
and and wherever you want usually causes
people to smile and laugh which is
always love that that's the best kind of
ringtone
thank you so much for my dad's day at
work it's so guys my cousins came to
this show
you've already met Lori cuz she has
little lily baby who came to breakfast
the other day so you met rory and then
my other cousins sisters
Stephanie so yes those sisters and then
they came to watch the finals and then
it's a good show it's gonna be a really
good show and tough vote vote yes but
you know it'll be a little bit oh wait
they could but you guys can vote because
by the time you're watching this which
is tonight is the results so you should
watch some clear this whole set just to
make a new one
one more time to quit atheist why it's
already out tell me now I can't take my
camera
no it's been out yet now I'm allowed to
it's a live show I mean we're not what
everyone that's posting their pictures
of the taking the cameras you guys have
seen it at the same time line is
actually coming up a later
okay so many thing I should go with he
might not the whole time because I'm old
news I'm a deal is I think it's done
you're done
he's innocent Ally oh yeah yeah okay my
only log you are at the finale
how did you get in these temperatures
right I have a have a batch I bought it
on eBay we can look at Alex Quinzel out
of the building medium altitude jumps up
by the stage good enough
what's over so I'm going to leave anyway
all day you're ready to go I am ready to
go well she'll be shirt guys will now do
you agree instant foam I'm a nice
bathroom
my dad pools like it
everyone's all gone we have water
other people are taking pictures edges
thing it's not as spectacular as you see
in TV with all the lights and everything
going it's just now it's just theater
job on the sets coming through
there's Kentavious and then those blue
glowing things from Emily West
performance and they have the rigging
from them all the music acts back there
it's actually it's not okay it's a
cluster of everything around but this
from all the different acts it's really
cool to see everything with the lights
on and not hidden by the magic TV
yeah
hello
I'm just waiting my dad's trying to get
any is waiting for me like way too far I
can't come out now because I'm not
wearing pants thank you good bye see you
another night thanks for all your help
and attending the finals you know what
Alex I'll be honest with you the posted
in list it I'll never know what the most
important thing is the hill
here it's time to go to Tel go to bed
but I have so much energy I don't know
what to do oh there you are
who's wondering where I left you guys
you guys we're in the refrigerator but
it was cold in there another stupid joke
from Alex okay guys well I had to do
that last one I don't know I when you
have a refrigerator you just got to put
your camera in it right
everyone does anyway so I'm actually
gonna call it a night and call the end
of this vlog because not that I'm super
tired but I should try to get to bed
because Maci is going to come to the
hotel at 7:00 a.m. so that we can work
out together before she goes off to work
cuz I know if she's going to be able to
make it to the show tomorrow and it'll
be the last time I see her before I fly
home after the show after America's Got
Talent tomorrow I go straight from the
show back in the plane back home to LA
and we start our la vlogs but yes I want
to wake up early to make sure I'm awake
enough to be able to work out and hang
out with her so I'm going to do that but
anyway guys thanks for watching I hope
you guys enjoyed and as always I will
see you guys again tomorrow good bye
it's a team
I see a tree yep
