hey guys I felt super necessary to make
this video this is going to be short and
right off the bat I'm telling this is it
monetized because it's just a message I
wanted to get across to you guys
so if you notice before I've been
working really hard and getting you
content pretty much every day and I've
been very proud of that but then I am
currently working on a branded video and
when you work on a branded video it's
really up to them to give you the
approval to post it so as I've gotten a
few days to post it they wanted to push
another day to any other company I would
say screw off but this is a company that
I love working with they were the ones
that made the mouthguard challenge with
and every day that so please this is
just me saying I'm sorry I do want to
get contact to you and there will be the
video tomorrow which you guys to watch
and then regular vlogs after that so I
don't want to be putting you guys into
radio silence I thought it was only fair
that I gave you guys this announcement
so please don't hate on me the videos
are coming and you will definitely see
it tomorrow
