hey guys Oh what what are you wait to
buy stuff okay well this will be my
first time not my first time in a subway
be my first time blogging in a subway
we're gonna go do my show you're ballin
every yeah yeah I'll pay you back how
much is it two dollars you got it
we're going to go ahead down to her part
of town when she said is the cutest part
of they are yes it's the West Village so
we're gonna go down there I'll show you
guys in some way
goodbye
here we go yeah
look I'm bringing everyone on I just
don't in touch and I'm like holding with
my wrist yeah you're grabbing it
now our AC village is that what this
village that we live here
yeah we're going to release
New York University
Macy was just telling me I don't know if
you any of you as a friends fans but
this building out here is the outset of
Ross's apartment for friends it's cool
right super call yeah Macy is taking me
to do something I've never done either
they have this in LA but I've never done
it his soul cycle so what does it do it
makes you cry yeah it makes you cry it's
like a spinning class like like biking
but she says that last time she tried to
take a picture in there and they said no
so I got to put this away and then
unfortunately and I'll just what yeah
after after shot after shot yeah look at
the crime of me yeah she said don't
worry its pitch black in there so if you
cried know we'll see it perfect okay we
just finished yeah dying well I think
you paid to get murdered there's there's
not an inch of my shirt that's not
soaked I feel like I just fell into a
pool not my clothes on
it's it's hard it's really hard time if
you guys have a chance to try SoulCycle
anywhere cuz they're all around check it
out its death I said I get behind
ex-virgin sit in west village and sit
along the sidewalk and your face out see
all the way down everyone just sits in
phases out I think I think we should
also probably do mimosa brunch what no
yeah will do will do wonder orange boy
we'll see ya number one of 10
it's good no so many after SoulCycle
yeah oh cool so proud of her got me
there I don't know it's just mutton
willing that one try not to laugh and
make big dicks ha oh just doing like a
video yeah yeah yeah if you want you oh
thank you oh it's okay it's okay yeah
I'm just doing like a like a video thing
yeah and it really tickles that's what
English we ended up getting pedicures
manicures I got a massage my bag yeah
male done well we didn't do our hair so
I can't finish that song but I'm cool
we're close it's actually it rained
while we're in there and now it's pretty
much done I know a lot of you always
comment like really you got a manicure
and pedicure well guys you should be
taking care of your nails too cuz
nothing tell them but also one guy's of
disgusting nails no they don't at all
you respect a guy that gets me respect
him with so much more if he takes care
of it takes a man to go get his mails
his nails done right no yes yes I got
scared for a second no really you should
be keeping your nails clean cuz girls
think it's disgusting
he's got a good one of her friends
birthdays tonight so she's leaving me
well actually I'm leave me her she's
gotta go get ready walking down towards
her place but and then I'm gonna head
back to the hotel and figure out
something to do relying on her from my
fun right now we can't be wrapped about
yourself you can but it's then people
think you're crazy the car coming
there's a car coming towards us okay
well I'm gonna I'm gonna head back to
head to the hotel okay I'm back at the
hotel now I decided you know what I just
want to see what it what progress I'm
actually making with fitness because I'm
been working out and dieting and I want
it's only been three weeks since I
started but I wanted to see what's I
compared it to an old picture I took at
like a before picture and I figured I'd
wait a while but why not check it it's
actually pretty decent difference let me
see i'm going to show you guys what it
looks like here let me let it focused
right that that's a pretty good
difference right there I mean I am fat
as hell on that left side so that is and
it's both relaxed I'm not flexing
obviously and either but it's a big
difference so I'm trying make it not so
bright on the left side but yeah so
sorry I showed you guys for a long time
whilst I handed me two but anyway so
it's a big difference and it's working I
know that I'm not like super in shape
for super thin or super anything but
it's it's very motivating and you guys
have been so cool that like keep going
you're doing great and I mean that do
you know how great it is like I try to
stay completely positive for you because
it's it's you know it's motivating to
everyone positivity is always great to
hear it come from you guys or to read it
from you guys cuz I read all the
comments and I was like I'll bring on
the comments of your still fat you're so
fat no you guys are like congratulations
keep it up keep it up you're doing well
so thank you guys for that it means a
lot and I am working hard it's it's
tough it's not an easy thing and we'll
see where it goes I'm this is a journey
that I'm takin and I love bringing you
guys alone now it's time to relax
somebody
so that I can be fresh and good and
because I I want to take back come on
take a bite and what better view take a
bathroom okay by the way I know you see
my reflection and just so you're not
like USC we I'm wearing shorts not not
gonna wear shorts in the back I'm just
saying what I'm showing you the city and
you can see my reflection you're just
looking at shorts that's a cool of you
to take a bath in yeah your buddy
they're gonna be relaxin you can't have
a bath without all the essentials now
I'm on a diet but I can still watch the
food network as who network on right now
yeah and in case I need to do any
research on anything or watch videos on
YouTube I'm like a puter here with a
phone in my mouth it's the best way to
debate ourselves all freshened up ready
ready to do nothing I'm on me though I
haven't even eaten dinner so I might
just order room service or something
this was probably what I'm gonna do
hungry food has read I got some miso
soup a little bit of salad some
asparagus and mushrooms and a steak and
got my sirloin steak salad veggies enemy
so soon I think I'm doing pretty well
right now i'm really excited it's like
that's like a it's like a good spread
right now sit in the bed even give the
gig it was bitter anyway guys I'm gonna
finish this up and then I'm probably
going to edit this and call it a night
or do whatever you know catch up on some
stuff online doesn't do so I'll finish
it here but anyways guys I will see you
again tomorrow goodbye
