hey guys it's a new day to be and I just
grabbed some I just went down to the
lobby to get something to eat
cuz I was hungry but my dad actually
just handed out he's got to go do work
somewhere else I don't know he's flying
out somewhere he - yes if I wanted to go
but I was like no I'll just hang out in
New York myself for the next two days
but I'm actually waiting for Macy to get
off work and then she's gonna come over
and I think we're gonna go to the gym
work out do little Fitness get a little
fit yeah make our bodies sexy that's
what we're gonna do so yeah there's
women to hear from her when she's gonna
get off and we're gonna meet up and
we're gonna have a good time and go to
gym yeah buddy
well Maci I didn't how was work
wonderful wonderful as always right and
so now she's just got to change then
we're gonna go to the gym I think we're
just gonna stay in the gym in the hotel
this time so I'll bring you with me cuz
I just didn't want to bring the camera
where there's like a ton of people
working out let's I don't film random
booties oh you found out every time
you're on the vlog you were looking for
your wallet last night you're looking
for your headphones okay because like
travel in this suitcase it's Vegas
it's my New York it's Mary Poppins
though here yeah yeah I can give you my
husband's there you go it kind of looked
like a fit okay well let's get our gym
on let's get our fit we're gonna work
our booties I'm not a girl I promise
okay we're in the gym now yeah see isn't
that cool on these leave the treadmills
swipe through you got YouTube and Skype
and Facebook if you click outdoors
let's go to San Francisco and then
whatever we'll start here there so now
as you walk it's walking too
you can walk in like different parts all
over and it's actually like a real Biddy
like that's the real people walking by
and streets and if you're going up a
hill on the video you are actually one
who didn't clients the machine it's
really cool watching YouTube
kids me understand
I just finished but Macy wants to work
out that booty a little she's doing her
her squats you get that booty on
if you're gonna do laps on a swimming
pool you might as well do it on the 36th
floor with a skyline view damp I should
get one of these in my house like but in
LA you'd have to build out 36 stories
yeah yeah as well especially yeah I'll
build it on the cliff over and over the
ocean that works do what I want I got to
come to you lapse in here I'm going to
pretend I'm gonna come and do laps in
here you're not gonna happen
Macy and I just trying to get our
shopping on yeah and every time
literally they just did it there do
every store I'm walking past
they're like closing the door and lock
it but as soon as that we're like
walking up to realities oh that one's
open we're walking up like 20 feet away
and the guy like will look over shut the
door and lock it
we're not gonna find anything it open
shop yeah
that girl's got a shot oh yeah check out
this Maisie
we can't say ass yeah I just I don't
want you I don't want your grandma to be
mad at me I definitely don't want to
clean my mouth out with soap again we
decided now we went and we got some
dinner and we're gonna we're gonna go
for a walk I don't know where we're
walking she knows it she lives here I
don't I don't know we have a specific
place are we just walking we're just
walking up town walking up town and then
when you come back to you walk downtown
no make sense
okay well I guess we're just gonna go
exploring I'm gonna explore what what is
that the Lincoln Center Lincoln such an
amazing - guys are you paying we're
walking through the Lincoln Center now
Macy's kind of showing walked all the
way up a few blocks and then we probably
came back and walking through it cool I
told her I wanted to walk through the
fountain
she says I'll get in big trouble and the
security guard same exit just find that
a good idea but wouldn't that be cool
just to walk through the Lincoln Center
fountain right mercedes-benz Fashion
Week
yeah we're a little bit late
but yeah there's this different fashion
I think Fashion Week is just ending or
is just over now right yeah yeah but
literally the city turned into like tall
women City where I didn't see like any
all the girls that were going to like
nice places tell me that were like six
five and up it was net
made me feel tiny what does that make
you is that a velociraptor I don't think
it's even like a chicken I'm more like a
chicken you're like a blossom I look so
good
yeah how good does that look guys you
should oh you should all try blogs
around your Friday night yeah yeah okay
we're back at the hotel
no more wrapping around okay yeah we'll
visit her tomorrow okay guys that's all
I have for you I had a great day today
I had fun I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I probably got a visit
while yeah I'm gonna go over to meet up
with Macy in the morning again and we're
gonna we're gonna also work out tomorrow
but because they're watching and I will
see you guys again more boo bye
Bono's bloomers shirt it's really bad
how much do I have to what
