hey guys so I decided I'm actually gonna
stay one more week in New York so I'm
gonna be here till next Thursday Sox yes
it's good yeah that's that's seven half
tonight no that's all us seven half
tonight I gotta buy I'm gonna I'm
running out of underwear and socks and
everything because I only pack to leave
til today so now I gotta go shopping and
buy all this stuff so that I can stay
for a week so I go with my dad to go
underwear socks shopping you find it
that will find him like I'd like News
Network you should go hard late news
here just going
that
so legitimate that one yeah say gel
where so headlight goes you should go it
just tuck say I'm here
ooping that you want to just go it just
good seven here
they're just interviewing where the
people
yeah
just go to here
his buddy
we gotta ask you about that
your opinion see that's the thing well
is if my dad interrupts the news station
they're like oh how I okay well let's
just interview him so now he's just
kidding
see if I was doing that they did a exert
and you please walk away
but I wouldn't walk away I just got a
text from Macey saying hi Macey thanks
for sharing the photo and Alex's vlogs I
didn't I didn't get through all of the
vlogs
quit when mr. Alex potty mouth started
using his potty mouth
someone needs to wash his mouth out with
soap that came from Macy's grandmother
because she wanted to share one of the
vlogs with her and she ended up seeing
more and unfortunately I am a little bit
inappropriate and I have a potty mouth
so for you she is absolutely right
that's why I'm gonna wash my mouth out
with soap that's right I have I have a
potty mouth that night it needs to be
cleaned I'm gonna wash it right now
Bob's blew my shirt it's really bad how
much do I have to what oh I'm sorry that
was actually really bad and then I
noticed this I moved the soap and it
says perfumed facial soap that's why I
was like wow this tastes fragrant like
and it's it's perfumed so at least now I
have a clean mouth and it smells pretty
right now just so you guys know it's 911
here in New York which is obviously a
big name for everyone but you could see
that like the light from the memorial
it's really bright right now take this
out
goes all the way up that that light is
where the twin towers were so that's the
memorial and it's super bright here you
can't even register too much on the
camera but it's crazy and at like 8:30
this morning or 843 or whatever it was
this morning woken up by every like
church bell and everything in the whole
city went off and in memorial so that
was cool guys can you tell me what this
walks I meet
yeah
I've never seen that
okay that was interesting so it's a new
day
I'm not wearing a shirt because I have
to find a shirt I don't know if I've
used them all or not I gotta go buy some
so that's that's it but I'm not waiting
shit I'm gonna go grab something to eat
with my dad do start up the new day
obviously guys this is the end of this
vlog but I slept tonight and I did it
today this morning and then we'll start
a new one but I did want to show you
guys I don't know I was like ah you know
what I wait to the end till it's like a
bigger thing but I notice cuz I'm gonna
wear a shirt I want to show you guys so
look well first of all I still got the
mustache on my chest now I'm not skinny
I'm not thin but like if you look from
the side that's a lot better than I was
right you guys have seen the videos you
guys have seen the videos where I'm
doing it see that's you can see now
that's not suck it and I still got a
little bit but I'm doing much better
with the dieting and working out it's
really and I feel healthier I'm not as
windy into when I'm walking around and
everything like that so I think it's
working out and hopefully I know I'm
gonna get a lot of you like you're still
fat well I'm trying I'm working at it so
I hope that you guys keep hanging around
on my journey to to get fit but yeah I'm
gonna start up the new day I'm gonna go
meet with my dad and then I'll see you
guys again tomorrow good bye
I figured you guys would think it's
awesome to see what it's like to walk
out as a judge on America's Got
I'm gonna follow Howard Stern
