hey guys well it's a new day today and
yeah guess what I got my key from my
room so my room is not as spectacular as
his but I still love the view views
really cool check this out - view of the
Hudson River that's the city that's all
River whatever but yeah still super nice
view still love it all in the thing
about the bathroom is that you could the
bathroom keeps good look I'm I'm
actually still in the bathroom guys just
walking still in the bathroom see that's
how big the bathroom is it's twice over
I have a bathroom twice over in this
room yeah what anyway I gotta go take a
shower
I'm like put on some clothes so I can
run cuz I actually left my iPad with
Macy last night so I walked over to her
office and picked up the iPad not gonna
take my shower because I probably
smelled like rotten feces not that I've
been rolling around and I'm gonna take a
shower guys we're in a Time Warner
Center I think it is in Time Warner mall
it's like a shopping area and so I'm
here with my dad we're just looking for
stuff to do and we just grab some lunch
and just hanging out I'm just getting
ready to go to America's Got Talent
and I decided I'm wearing like a black
shirt my dad's like you should just wear
the Blazer get over a black shirt when
this blazer just makes me look classy
frigging hell play this man I look like
I could either be like a super classy
man or like a security guard design man
all like right but I think it looks
pretty suave I don't know you guys are
gonna be like nah man you look like crap
you'll love me why you I'm gonna go to
America's Got Talent now we don't have a
that a good time okay
getting ready for the show
yeah Elmo's ready well I'm trying to
change my past turn that off
okay dad's gonna change pants what okay
only closes maybe okay hey dad look
Amir you know we look like swallow fish
in a basket one swallow fish in a basket
never heard that term I don't know what
that is never heard that no like two
peas on a plate
so please do the peas in a pod it's like
10 rocks and one bird we look like two
rocks and one bird I have to go do a
television show
I just I'm not gonna wait here can I go
with I don't want you coming to see it
because it'll ruin it from when for you
when it's on TV because you did your DVR
it well just gonna watch it here yeah
just watch it on TV he'll be really
exciting I'll be ready good bye dad okay
I figured you guys would think it's
awesome to see what it's like to walk
out as a judge on America's Got Talent
by I'm going to follow how it's turned
out
dad yeah hey hello hello
sign up word I'm gonna perform right
yeah this is your band you see the band
yep and this is the full audience yeah
and that's why I sing something like
something nice okay gentlemen Alex
Mandel yes I'm gonna go find my seat now
I'm gonna show one
so just ago I saw that yes you guys go
yesterday because you're watching this
now pictures for my god my dad makes me
gotta know it makes me cheer for him too
but anyway we're probably going to go I
don't know hopefully maybe two out of me
something here's the final
except our finals are next week they're
taking their photo with with the judges
see I bring you guys on stage you guys
when you watch TV you don't get to go on
stage right
Hey so it's yes sure
Oh if walking I'm blogging yeah I've
logged it
yeah blogging you're right yes over here
Alex hey I could do the song for that
yeah that was nervous well my dad just
pulled me into I was like I'm just gonna
belong over here you gonna come in here
some pictures of my sons
take all the pictures together now he's
talking to extra thinking excited a few
other people at school dislike the press
line after the show
we all go through here and then they
shoot their stuff hanging out the show
it's done a lot of other judges
typically go home I don't know where
they go but I know that all the crew
goes out for drinks and my dad loves to
go grab a drink and all the crew after
the show so around here and these are
all the stage managers and everyone that
helps out the show and everything so
these are these are the people that
really work hard and not that nothing a
big job saying like he's the hard work
because they come out for a drink my dad
looks for joy so we're going to have a
drink to close out
nights work for them so we ended up
getting a couple beers here
no more drinks
enjoy
okay guys well I had a fun day / night
and I am tired we just got back to hotel
I got my room tonight so I'll need to
share but anyway um yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed watching that I showed you some
cool stuff that a lot of people don't
get to see and I thought it might be
cool for you guys to check it out and I
was like hey if I have the opportunity
to show people you know these things
it's I love to share that so I hope that
you guys enjoyed that in obviously you
guys again tomorrow good bye say hello
yeah so we're uh we're gonna watch and
enjoy and we just had a drink so I'm
feeling good
