hey guys you having some breakfast /
lunch with my dad I guess you call it
brunch and this is my country should
have it this is my cousin Lori and you
say in Little Lily make a chair up and
push this up keeper so we're gonna get
tiny now my dad's got it what are you
feeling right now this is behind the
scenes of America's Got Talent so this
is where we do our interviews and we
talk about the what do we talk about
here the different contestants this is
the crew say hello he does my hair oh I
want to i'm gonna go yeah yeah steris
got to see what oh why would I go to the
let's trip this is just like a hotel
room to be honest in a different hotel
they literally moved like seating and
stuff around in a regular room and
turned it into a set that's painful to
get the background they hit the bathroom
we got a ticket the bathroom's over
there in case you guys need to know the
bathroom yeah he's just gonna film this
pre-interview think he's doing this but
how it's dry and I think we're waiting
on but he's gonna do that and then yeah
he's gonna get ready for the show
tonight okay we're Bloomingdale's and
we're picking out a new outfit for me
guys you know I always wear like gray or
black and dark colors oh my dear picking
out i'll try to fit a whole outfit guy
we got personal shoppers go around yeah
good everyone everyone's on the hunt
let's try to figure out how to ping Alex
from a boy doing my i will see you see
the bottle outfit we did it we found
something
this actually is like purple on the
shirt I know I'm a purple and a flea
yeah
oh bugger that
I'm good oh we already removed all the
time
oh yeah looking at it sideways right now
oh are you can do an angle like a
diagonal and then they can see better i
get that net works for you Chris fuzzy
fuzzy how is it are there it's better
okay we did it we did it successfully
Tori amazing rat America's Got Talent
we're about to lunch there's my dad
that's working he's sitting at the
judge's table with Heidi Mel B and
Howard Stern yeah there's the set say
hello yeah so we're uh we're gonna watch
and enjoy and we just had a drink so I'm
feeling good and then we're doing our
thing I'm crazy thing here is is in
between like in the commercial breaks
what you guys don't get to see is the
craze is a crew changing everything to
the next act look at it they're changing
everything this is in the commercial
breaks they're like they have so many
crew that just pull off a gigantic set
and then put on a new one it's nuts they
have to do such a great job that you
couldn't even tell on TV you watch
commercials you sit through and you're
like commercials and then you come back
like okay what's the next act but you'll
realize the work that these people put
in just to change these sets those of
your nuts the show just finished
it was good yeah we show I did enjoy it
did you enjoy it I thought I was
actually shocked to see me yes you were
an excellent judges thank you
oh no everyone's get lost where we going
we're gonna go we're going to go to the
back with you okay we're going to go
we're going right now huge in here we
got try to go thank you i'll show you
guys what it looks like if you're
performing on america's got talent i'm
gonna put you on the stage we're trying
to get there but Evans taking pictures
stop everyone loves to citizen judges
yeah you need a selfie with Heidi I need
to tell people let's let's try to get it
when we go to the back we're heading
there back down no tell me something now
said the best was that the best so if
you're on stage this is what you see
there's never been like like everything
power oh they're being interviewed and
I'm standing right behind them yeah
whoops welcome to Delft rasskaz is that
the rascals and
tomato tomahto tomato tomahto I think we
just had a wonderful dinner we're about
to have dessert here's Macy ah here's
Alex I'm overcome already shirt right
that she could that you picked out for
me wonderful All Saints outfit so we
have yeah look guys okay we're gonna
chicken out a great night that we had we
read enough that we had no no we're just
keeping we're gonna continue this
because we're getting I actually I
didn't show you guys the food we got I
know I'm terrible food blogging well
we're getting dessert right now getting
creme brulee and chocolate souffle cake
chocolate souffle cake and so we're
about to get our fat on and I think
we're just gonna call a night they're
both drinking wine at the same time they
picked it up and took a sip at the same
time I thought that was pretty amazing i
know you don't you're like Alex wanna
tell you telling us cheers to a good
night cheers Cheers by the way you guys
you've already met Macy but I never even
mentioned her name this is Tori or
Victoria you could choose what you want
to go yeah I think rather than the video
you just let in the video i just what
hey
somebody's hungry for some creme brulee
okay well we're gonna dig into this and
then I'm gonna get my fat on yep hit
buddy okay guys well i'm back in the
room my dad's sleeping i'm gonna stay in
his room tonight because i forgot to get
the keys from my room which is okay
doesn't matter i'll just move into my
room tomorrow and then yeah i had a fun
night with Tori Macy and then I'm going
to figure out new adventure for tomorrow
but it'll be guys enjoyed watching this
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye there's no one else here working
at Nintendo right now come on does it
work oh yes I mean
it's quiet as when Nintendo offices
