hey guys I'm gonna I'm gonna go outside
I'm gonna go explore a little bit I
don't know I'm gonna walk around cuz I
don't I don't have much to do today
except I'm gonna meet up with Macy again
when she's off work and then we're gonna
hang out but I figured now that it's day
time you guys could see this view better
of all the the city that way city over
there it's harder to see at night so I
figured out I'll show you guys in the
morning
but yes I'm gonna go out I'm gonna I'm
gonna get my New York on because I I'm
alone I'm actually hungry too I wanna go
get food I figured I'd go water to Times
Square so that's a good thing to see and
I mean that's not like I've never been
here I've been here a lot but I don't
really know my way around so I think and
close as I can see all the screens up
there don't know if you can see
but if I'm wrong then I'll just be
exploring new parts of New York I've
never seen nothing else to do and I made
it to Times Square
yeah now that I'm here trying to figure
out what to actually do I'm really
hungry I'm gonna look for a place to eat
that City that's the first thing and
then I gotta buy a few things that I
need
running out a deodorant I don't want to
smell like crap got to find that but I'm
looking for some food so I decided to go
to a place called the counter which is
like a burger place you can customize
your own although I'm not eating buns
right now trying to avoid too many carbs
I got like a burger salad type of thing
yeah hopefully it's good but usually
insensibly be hungry supply in NW for my
Mary looks good I just walked out from
grab at lunch and what's your name Nora
Shanor yeah that's a cool name
thank you yeah he's the one who fox and
campers ii watch the road bugs yeah you
watch my bless that's good well I'm in a
lot of relevant blogs and Romans in mine
so same thing yeah yeah we just got a
picture of med school you're gonna be in
the blog tomorrow this is gonna so uh
yeah so make sure you check it out of
course I'm gonna go continue exploring
so I went to go visit Maisie she has to
finish up work but I took her past cuz I
want I'm wanting to go explore there's
no one else here working at Nintendo
right now come on does it work oh yes I
mean
it's quietest women tend to offices
Oh
the Cooper Cup
Oh get it scared because I'm hearing
people and I'm not walking around with
her it just took a pass I can go
explodes like I'm gonna go explore the
offices I can see where she is
so cool everything
she looks angry
just busy
right
I'm shut this off down I was looking out
the views here Macy was just showing me
that they've cooled you see right into
the cities right around there is Times
Square they're like pretty much on it
that you could see okay where it says
rad right there that's actually Radio
City Music Hall and that is where they
America's Got Talent
so that's where I'll be going tomorrow
so if you guys are going to America's
Got Talent
today cuz you're watching the vlog I'm
to say make sure you look for me because
I'll be there so say :
but that's Robbie tomorrow that's cool
they've closed view from here
walking back now cuz we gotta get our
work out yeah yeah yeah we're gonna go
to the gym but she gave me a parting
gift from
it's toothbrush and yeah you can push
the button in it and it moves it's
electric
I got an electric Mario toothbrush what
Alan yeah I just came up to the room
she's down in the gym we're just gonna
work out for a little bit but I got to
leave some stuff you're gonna leave my
camera cuz I don't want anything to get
taken and I don't want a bunch of stuff
my pockets so you guys aren't coming
with me to the gym but I will see you
guys out of the gym
so yeah until then we'll be in second
see that was quick guys night we're all
done all time I really did work out a
promise I didn't just like turn off the
camera turn it back on and change like
lighting duh no we're done then we're
gonna go get dinner you already took a
shower at the gym I'm gonna go take a
shower and then we're gonna go we have a
new guest joint what what I can't block
look who's back yes because you're back
wallet yeah she's been looking for a
while for the last I think it's 45
minutes
I'm not sure where we're going yet we'll
figure it out
check out this restaurant here it's like
it's kinda hard to see it's all dark
it's really cool it's called Budokan
like like a buddha convention oh well
now we gotta order drink I was so into
eating I forgot to show you guys what we
were actually eating
we got like duck and meats a black cod
and monkfish and rice and everything
look at all this everything I mean it
doesn't look that great right now
because it's gone I'm so bad at this
whole like food vlogging thing cuz I
don't think about anything except food
while I'm hungry so you guys look look
at how good it was it's gone that's how
good it was we just finished eating and
we're probably just gonna head back I
don't know I don't know how much more
I'm gonna do tonight Macy's got to get
back because she's gotta wake up for
work in the morning and then I'm gonna
go do whatever tomorrow so we're gonna
we're about to leave here and then we're
just gonna head back now that my dad's
back he's got that room yep but I get my
room tomorrow right because leave a
second room but it wasn't available till
tomorrow yeah you may enjoy staying here
and staying in the same room as him well
I got a slumber party right yeah I mean
you'll have to go to your honor uh it's
the UH place we can tell scary stories I
don't think so thank you yeah now I'm
gonna have I'm gonna see but hey guys so
that's all I have to tell you right now
we just walk back a long walk from where
it were and then yeah so I'm ready to
edit and just go to bed and then now
start a new one tomorrow so that's it
I'll see you guys get amaro good bye
walking out to the plane right now
and then off to New York
