hey guys guess what yesterday was the
last day of deal with it and I am done
it was so much fun it's always a
bittersweet ending because I enjoy doing
that everyone on set enjoys doing it and
then but now that the great thing is
that I have time for YouTube because I'm
gonna dedicate all my time to try and
anything about right now I didn't tell
you guys I'm actually in a little bit
gonna be heading to New York so if any
of you guys I'm gonna be visiting I'm
gonna go with my dad because he taped
America's Got Talent
over there so if any of you guys are in
New York City I'll be snapchatting while
I'm there to kind of tell people where I
am what I'm doing so if you guys happen
to see me walking around remember don't
be shy come up and say hello because I
enjoy meeting you guys so I'm gonna do
that soon right now I'm at my parents
house with mr. Harvey Harvey I show em
what you found here show what you got
you found this he found one of one
another's eyes do you wanna show them
how you can fetch yeah yeah here here
really
he doesn't have a yard like this to play
in at the apartment now he has a full
yard to plan right buddy you could go
over there if you want to oh so he's
he's super slow coming back though yeah
you are Speed Racer look at this look at
how fast you're going Wow
tired okay anyway we're gonna be heading
out soon and my mom's gonna be taking
care of Hari for a little bit well we're
going yep just got to the airport Oh
thank you walking out to the plane right
now
and then off to New York
we're throwing fun right now but I'm not
getting out because we're not landing in
New York right now no that's where
you're dropping me off it's wrong
yes hello yeah we're in that we're
actually in Toronto right now right now
from here well you can see it oh yeah
just dropping him off and then we're
going to you the artist and then he's
gonna come meet the attacker New York
tomorrow evening he's gonna be in
Toronto I'm gonna be in news about time
you're seeing this he's coming New York
tonight
like play dead
I will tell you he's leaving and I gotta
go back
it's so different in Canada because all
over here in Toronto I mean because
there's no mountains or Hills or
anything so it's just super flat
everywhere we're so different from LA
where there's so many hills and
everything but I actually love it in
Toronto and I kind of wish I was staying
here for a little bit then go in New
York but it's okay I'm gonna head off to
New York and my dad will meet me
tomorrow
yeah it got said room over there
Wow check out this view guys like the
whole city up there try and make it so
you can see better me if I hope there we
go
see all of that see so cool all the way
around
yeah I'm kickin breaking shit breaking
everything and then oh look it's like
the perfect room for peeping toms well I
guess I don't have to order any adult
movies tonight just kidding woah
actually a really good friend of mine is
coming right now I haven't seen her in a
long time
probably it's time to eat or get drinks
or something so I'm really excited for
you guys to meet her she's like one of
my best friends so she's coming now and
then I will introduce you so I'm with my
my best friend's Maci I'm gonna say hi
she said this is I'm just gonna keep it
on you turn around we're getting sushi
we'll wait another plate nothing in
Africa know where it is I think I just
saw it I saw a whole bunch of sushi on a
platter and they asked me what we wanted
and I said whatever is good so I think
they're just gonna bring us everything
yeah we've already had like or other
things don't worry guys like sushi is
gonna make us mad is it negative
I think just south of celery's negative
cost
yeah okay well we're gonna get this food
I'm gonna
yeah what is what is all this
- Toro scallion miserable Germany Tito
so you have the horses
I don't know I just feel like hit me
like I'm not gonna ruin it I was gonna I
was gonna fit myself in Fishtown
it's like abandoning myself in the
fishtails like a girl waving her legs
with no underwear smells the same
Barbara we've been naming this bitch
Barbara
literally was this dipping sauce
she's thirsty remember that time Barbara
and I made out
Oh
I just ate Barbara's friggin face come
on
she's leaving right now she's going back
to where she lived she lives over here
she actually does she this is really
cool
she works for Nintendo in their
marketing department she's there she
works in she's like their corporate
affairs coordinator whatever I don't
want to get her position wrong but she
does all speak stuff she works all the
biggest events at like comic-con e3 and
everything that for Nintendo so I told
her I was like we should hook me up with
some of the technical stuff so hopefully
she will but it's so good seeing I'm
probably the senior tomorrow and the
next day
everything's I don't get to see her a
lot she used to live in LA and now she's
moved out here Smoot to play for me so
we'll see what happens but I'm gonna
head back to my hotel and figure out
what to do because I'm not really tired
because of the time change so let's see
what I can entertain myself with alone I
know you guys probably don't care about
me blocking this but I just finished
pooping I did and normally I wouldn't
tell you that but I I want to check this
out I want you guys to also look at this
yeah they have toilet paper and stuff
but why use toilet paper when you can
just read cleansing what does it gonna
be waiting for oh dear it is sprayed
like bottle with water what is this oh
my god tell it oscillating oh it's
literally just so you guys know it's
like going this on the buckle what is
okay you know what I think I think my
clean let's stop that
yeah this is like a like a hairdryer of
a bottle yeah it's not even like hotter
actually it's like cold air it's like
someone just quite a lot online vise
Bowl
okay guys what I think that's all I'm
going to show you that okay guys well
that's all I have for you for today I'm
just gonna kind of edit this and relax
and try to get an early sleep I didn't
really get bed early I didn't really see
too much last night so yeah I'm going to
do that and we're back on daily vlogging
how cool is that I'm you guys thumbs up
for that
I never asked you guys to like ending
the vlog but I think I think this
deserves it just go ahead and push that
like if you like daily vlogs closely
because that means that this time when I
say I'll see you guys again tomorrow
I'm actually gonna see you guys again
tomorrow so I will see you guys again
tomorrow
goo'bye how're you waiting for someone
are you waiting for who are you waiting
for oh we almost kissed
