hey guys it's a day off today today is a
day off although I went to an audition
this morning for something so still a
little bit of work but I'm done I'm free
I'm open and guess what that means long
time so I'm vlogging today and hopefully
we do some cool things so that I could
please you I enjoy doing this as well
something came in the mail for me a big
box ooh what can it be nothing that's
because it's actually shelving that i
put together last night check this in
yep put right here right there and
that's because i want to take if you
guys don't know i'm going to show you in
my broom go good good there's like it
goes all the way hey bud how's it go I
this is a lot of alcohol here so as you
notice the top shop started moving
because I bottles down here and I'm
moving all of my liquor down to my
kitchen so that it's easier to access
but it's a lot of work to move all these
bottles I have like 150 different brands
there was some hard work for every
wasn't it
you she's calling her husband Alex her
my brother-in-law's Alex as well for
those who don't know but look at this
guy's too douchey Joe schenken now it
actually seems like a lot less I hear
these are big shelves these are these go
like some of these rows hey you can't
beat what are you doing get out get out
hey hey mr. boy I know I know you like
alcohol too come on up come on out nah
good thing I could fit so much more I
really couldn't in my room in my room I
started putting like things out of place
on top and these are at least I can I
can put them in order of like you know
tequilas and vodkas and then flavored
vodkas and the cores and runs and
whiskey's and bourbon I like liquor
liquors fun and yep see ya that's what I
didn't right now how're you waiting for
someone are you waiting for who are you
waiting for what's up classical oh we
almost kissed a lot of beers oh you do
Harvey oh I rather what are you going
that's my sister by the way oh hi sister
I wouldn't yeah okay come on Harvey
let's go bro here look at this I just
built this I showed I showed the viewers
I just built this coming
the coming out of the club oh well i
brought you know what that's great
that's great fun yes for those of you
that don't know what he is referring to
my liquor collection also used to be in
my closet so yes my liquor is coming out
of closet oh we're down at third street
now this your first time down here right
this is my first time here yeah yeah oh
look your new car I got I got him this
name I don't care what you say if it's
pink I'll rock I think I could you drive
are you kidding me you would yeah it's
the it's actually is like a Barbie day
here or something so that that's
supposed to be Barbies car come on let's
go party
plastic person people are I'm surprised
no one just things that were completely
it's the life of bloggers man it if
you're not comfortable with your camera
out in a crowd of people then you
shouldn't be vlogging might as well be
naked yeah look she's happy crawling she
Oh crawl everywhere low hello that's
gonna be me in like eight months and my
niece in like two or three weeks what
what I'm sorry Oh a boat museum you
gotta check it out our apple start here
is giganto anything about Gilroy it's
that I love I love everything happened I
did you actually if you have an Android
you can go suck a big fat deep this is
gigantic this whole thing so everyone
loves to come check this tour out you
know whoever thought when you came to
the pier that you would also be a
Disneyland
Alex time for some food like any pasta
you can get hot sauce right a mexican
place check this out oh yeah this is a
crab meat n gelatos and clam chowder
gigantic lip chatter is it good news to
all you said rice taste it
not good then I'm gonna try pretty spicy
I wanna just tried it is it spicy like
not really I really
and I ate spicy believe in the P&L and
so he said that the enchilada was okay I
took a bite of it after turned off the
camera I wanted to actually puke because
it was disgusting I love crab but it
tasted like you did crabs asshole I've
been my dream to my mouth like five
times you guys should actually check out
his vlog and you could see me actually
tasting because he made me taste it
again the vlogs he thought it was so
hilarious it was like making me puke so
go check that out is this it I could
feel now even school no it's one of
those things are you keeping your mouth
you don't wanna spit it out and be rude
but you also you're like I'm throwing up
in my mouth right now but here's the
thing Alex said he loved crap I love
crab too it wasn't that I've often it
was the fact that I know they're
starving children on other parts of all
don't even give me that and I had to eat
as much as I did because I wanted Josh
trying to be a humanitarian I'm sorry I
didn't finish my crab enchilada I wish I
can send it to the kids in Ethiopia
how's that we can pick that up I'm
sending you guys a oh yeah I'm like you
guys like I have starving children
Ethiopia watching my blog anyway wait we
walk it somewhere else now I was just
walking past to santa monica place
and there's security guard there but I'm
like they have these like metal poles
that mark their property and I stood
behind it and I'm just looking security
looks at me recognized me and then
starts radioing but I like plus me get
so like I'm just walking away I'm not
even on their property and they're still
trying to bust me for complexity for
trespass we're just walking past really
in a bus I didn't go on the property
yeah I'll tight security all right
Harvey that's not for you buddy wyd Alex
you helped us here I'm out of here all
oh you he's taking lift I'm an uber guy
we won't work on my phone I never
support if you're watching this help fix
that crap because yeah he tries to
verify his fall in an uber and it won't
send him the verification text hey you
can't do that Harvey no army no let him
go you gotta let him go man get together
sunday sounds good being honest with you
yeah because i have work thursday
through saturday so sunday were human
Harvey you can't go with him come here
no he can he go are you taking Harvey
come on let's go harder you can't go i
want we're coming buddy come on listen
to me oh okay adios I'll see you you
gotta push a button i will i'll forget
it yeah guys just so you know so you can
get excited because i'm excited i have
work tomorrow so that won't be long but
Saturday is the last shooting day for
deal with it and then I am done and it's
just on to YouTube for you guys will be
back on a fully daily schedule and we'll
be good to go again so like a head day
off today so we had a good time and then
we'll we'll start up full time on sunday
which you'll see the video monday
because i got a vlog sunday okay well I
gotta head to work soon I'm gonna take
this little guy out and put them away
and then my sister's going to come watch
him while I network and yeah i mean i
would love to have a good breakfast
right now but like i told you guys
before I've been working out with a new
trainer going hard like as much as I
possibly can usually three times a week
if I can five times a week so like I
told you guys before my last day of
shooting is saturday so after that it'll
be five times a week so this morning for
breakfast because i don't have time to
go and get something i had just a
protein shake with it and yeah look at
these pancakes now just making hard
boiled eggs because I'm just gonna
taking with me but I'm trying guys
trying so let's do this hopefully we can
start seeing some results yeah buddy
that pretty cool but I'm going to go to
work and then I'll be off Saturday's my
last day so I'll start blogging again
Sunday which means you'll start getting
daily vlogs you'll see them monday so
I'm excited for that but until then I
will see you guys Monday goodbye
