hey guys I finally have a day off so
look what I'm doing I'm blogging for you
but I waiting on right now I'm we know
Roman because for those who don't know
newport beach which is not an hour away
the hurricane that hit wherever is
sending this big-ass swell over here so
there's about 20 to 30 foot waves Romans
like we gotta check that out so he's on
his way here we can drive out there and
check out those waves I want to show you
guys those ways I think would be nuts
this morning all I did was go to the gym
yeah that's right I actually went to the
gym because I'm starting to work out the
new trainer so that'll hopefully work
and then unfortunately I won't be fat
Alex anymore but it's okay we'll fix
that so why not Roman and we're gonna
head out so I just got picked up by the
at one mobile oh you bloody laughs in
the back yeah well he came stole my car
seat what's his best with here for doing
not helicopter already said that okay
hold on let me also finally got out to
Newport how long was that drive three
hours yeah it's like this three hours
supposed to be like 40 minutes and no
traffic but literally the last like 10
unless two miles was a half hour no joke
so how's just hanging weekend the whole
time we were hitting each other actually
he was just smacking me we're coming up
on this oh you're logging too there's a
huge crowd of people here just watching
these gigantic waves I can't wait to the
other I live here oh man down man down
you're good you're good oh no
these are gigantic and there's so many
people out here it's so crowded
looks like everyone in this city is out
here those bikes for gays everywhere the
news huh we're just looking for a bath
that's all I just need to pee oh I just
need to pee I just need a bathroom
somewhere
Oh
board is gone
behind
thank you wonder if I
Oh
hey King not fair pushing children
that's our next video she's gonna push
children on the ground guys it was
definitely worth that drive it was
awesome I know when you watch it's still
going to look cool or it still looked
cool he is just thought but it
definitely didn't look as big as it does
in person it is gigantic it's nuts but
wait they said it's the biggest ways in
how long since 1997 yeah well we're
gonna head back now hopefully it's not
another three hours to get home I think
it would be like an hour or less I hope
I'm back home now my buddy hey you ready
go for use your head you had your food
we go for a walk do you for what I'm
kinda I'll kill I want to hook him ah
gotcha okay he's wearing a harness now
because his collar started to irritate
his neck you've got yourself a harness
boy yeah you'll take him out for a walk
we're back on a new day of work here in
that Marina del Rey so I have to start
working a few minutes got here early so
that I can finish it up for you guys for
those of you that don't know figured be
a cool time that a cool time just that
you see I should know my escalator video
that you guys have seen where I stop the
escalator in santa monica place well i
was walking around there the other day
security surrounded me that like that's
the guy for they are you making faces
yummy so security surrounding me the
other day and recognized me from the
escalator video and at first I was
flattered I was like cool they
recognized me but then I realized that I
was probably getting in trouble so they
called the cops and everything and I
ended up getting what they told me a
lifetime ban but then when they actually
they sent me a notice that I'm only
banned for a year from all of their
properties and to be honest the police
the Santa Monica Police Department was
so cool about they were laughing they
even said to the security like come on
you really going to ban him for that so
probs the police they were super
professional very cool about it just the
security at santa monica place which is
the shopping center at the end of third
street promenade they were not the
coolest band me for a year because i
actually in the video I only stopped one
of their escalators and they put like
stopping escalators with malicious
intent I don't know anyway I have a
little bit of footage from talking to
the police that my friend Kimmy shots so
I'll show you that right now
what she's a Santa Monica Police are now
banning Alex and Brandon from third
street promenade because of their
escalator video so now they're called
surroundings am not letting them on
State Street this is what's going on
Oh
under mainland
today
so that was that was what happened just
a little shot there police talking so
I'm banned from there for a year stupid
as that and I gotta go to in to work now
so I'm gonna end it here and I got work
for another few days but i will see you
guys the next time i have a day off
which should come very soon i will see
you guys again next time goodbye you're
not even giving us a blogs lately well
i'm gonna give you my reason / excuse /
apology / everything to be completely
honest i would love to film at deal with
it which we're here at work right now
but
