hey guys so I have something it's very
important that you guys know this okay I
haven't you know that I've been kind of
slacking on these vlogs and you guys
been saying you're so lazy you know you
hear you are hitting a hundred thousand
you're not even giving us a blogs lately
well i'm gonna give you my reason /
excuse / apology / everything to be
completely honest i would love to film
at deal with it which we're here at work
right now but this season of shooting
shooting these episodes TBS has decided
that they want the guests that are on
the show to be a surprise so if i want
to vlog with them I can but I really
need to upload them like the day before
the episode airs like I don't do that on
my blog like every time I blog something
it's it's a it needs to go off right
away because it's my actual day so now
that kind of made it so that i could
vlog the same thing i show you guys
every time just the screen and me
getting makeup and do that it's not
interesting and i work all day and then
on my time off now i do a i do digital
video for TBS and film their stuff which
they're gonna release later so i really
have no time to do this and it sucks but
i'm definitely going I just I thought
you guys deserve to know or at least
have this reasoning why so on my days
off I'm definitely going to vlog and by
the way I only have this we're only
shooting for the next week and a half
like two weeks so after that i'm off of
this and guys I'm not working a break
anymore so I'm going to dedicate all my
time 24-7 just to YouTube just to you
guys the you guys give videos every
single day and I hope that you guys
understand that so there's a lot to come
in the future because as soon as we're
done we can have two weeks something
like that that that's all we have to put
up with and I still have days off that
on vlog but until then that's what's
been going on so look forward to the
future look forward to my days off i'm
going to give you guys the best stuff i
possibly can and as soon as this is done
it's all you and all this so 18 for life
and thank you
for understanding if you just like this
video I get it because I dislike the
situation but if you understand you can
go and like it so sorry guys I just
figured you deserve to know because I
don't want to keep you guys in the dark
so i will see you guys as soon as I
possibly can goodbye yes pulled out
yeah hey
