hey guys on a new day of deal with it
today we're at we're at pool area you
can you swim Thea you get swimmer fuck
off dude he is such fucking diva I'm
gonna go swimming I'm gonna be doing
this uh this one topless so I have my
mustache on my chest and we're darkening
it so that shows up better on camera
yellow if they started yeah yeah let's
make this mess around and all I think
that looks can you see it in look in the
screen you can see it right oh you when
you turn towards a life right there yeah
perfect that's perfect perfect for TV
right right over TV hello I think it's
good yeah how filled out my mustache
today we did rob that one yeah that way
I did okay well is a great day on set it
was mustache crazy to him and yeah a lot
of fun but now i'm on my way back home
and i just picked up my friend mr.
Harvin steen the funny thing is when
he's just so tired he drops his head and
then look he's still standing I don't
know if you could tell he stands with
his hind legs and just sleeps with his
face down blaze dog what are you doing
really
standing
so weird yes pulled out
yeah hey brothers are gonna be you never
call me buddy yeah tell this bill guy
buddy it's his first time Harvey's first
time on the boat what is this music
that's all I don't know he's pitching I
don't know I'm gonna change this music
is right now makes me want to slit my
wrists and black my eyes hey buddy you
have a good time yeah dropped off
Kristen then we went for another round
but look at this we're running out of
power we literally move it like crawling
back to the two are my slot my slut oh
dear and it's it's all the way I well
we're close so we'll probably make it
back just happens if not we'll get towed
in dinner time Hannah say hello
hey
we should do this at my house yeah we
should do this in ocean in front of your
house yeah
the only heat yes haha
burning calories the Cleveland steamer
okay well that's all i have for you guys
today that was actually kind of a
two-day split type of vlog thing
whatever I didn't get to editing last
night so now I'm gonna edit tonight and
yeah so yeah it's gonna get two for one
special but anyway I will see you guys
again tomorrow Dubai very less equal
shock room Mary your big dog oh my gosh
ready hold on tight once he's actually
up there he just stays yeah sometimes
you can even pick up the board with him
on it and just turn it around easels
even care
