hey guys it's a new day at deal with it
I'm here with Wendy she does my makeup
so she works really hard to make me look
somewhat decent right new you're
gorgeous
oh thank you so I'm gonna get my makeup
on I enjoyed it
oh oh look see this is this is who I
said is new look at this look he's all
official you got ice Brandon actually
works on deal in bed - he works in
production is called good yeah and we
get makeup I look pretty oh wait I'm not
just production because I set up the
makeup artist light for Oh tilted turned
it on and model and he sat in your chair
oh yeah eyes look pretty when I bring
down a little bit yeah okay my eyes yes
do I have bedroom eyes you have bedroom
eyes mr. sternman
so that's our salon that joins we're
just making them pop now I don't want my
eyes to pop we don't just like I get
like a sexy pop a sexy you know popping
out just a little sexy pop mm-hmm yeah
you've always had those eyes ever since
you were young we're so young but I mean
child like I'm still childlike back year
that's it after that who knows
I just want to do another 11 seasons to
deal with it that's really the goal
yeah branded as funny as this is Brandon
has never tried coffee in his life
really has it and today he was making a
pot of coffee in the side hey if I make
it God might as well try it so this is
like yeah no but but legitimately
thrilling legitimately I don't know if
they could see the trigger like six cups
of coffee no he's I was like it's like I
have coffee for the first time today and
I was like how many did you have he's
like I've been drinking it for the last
hour it's like six copies it's like oh
my god that was earlier I come back in
right now and he's drinking more coffee
he's drinking it flat yeah well me
that's how my first yeah yeah well I
like it before I have the big one he
likes big big black black coffees here a
little stir a little it's there you want
to dip and dip your your white stick
into your black coffee yeah okay okay we
just wrapped on another day of deal with
it went really well
I was co-host all day today so that was
fun and now we go from each location we
have big trucks that come and we got to
move everything that it's a lot of
production stuff we got to move
everything to a whole new location to
shoot in a completely different location
tomorrow so that's a lot of work oh and
you are moving it it's roached fuck did
you pick up that one yeah Brandon just
went and picked up that truck yes and
now you get it you got to wrap
everything out yeah my wrap-up will be
better than your wrap up with Robyn oh
yeah yeah my wrap up Roman yeah nothing
beats my rappers surprise Romans here
too
oh hey hello I must drop my camera
rolling by the moon all those big dude
he talked about Harvey all day he kept
saying he wants army shoes new shoes
Harvey has been sleep vegan Erica yeah
standing on your shoes
yeah Harvey's like 30 pounds now dude he
is grown so he was a was you actually up
there he just stays yes sometimes you
can even pick up the board with him on
it and just turn around either didn't
care
Brett redwood girl in my grill from that
girl good girl grill girl instead a lot
of good and we're doing the rib game
everyone's got yeah except for you came
but your food looks good yeah yeah let's
get it's that's there yeah
yeah these are really good ribs
you absolutely kill it I never sold my
god the ribs are really good I've never
seen you put that much meeting around I
totally fell asleep on the couch last
night and I had plans I didn't do that
didn't do anything now I gotta edit this
vlog while I'm at work
hello and set the new one right so I'm
slacking and you know but I wasn't late
today no you were late you're always on
time yeah that time but now I just gotta
edit while I'm here at work right yeah
so you guys are gonna get this today
don't worry well you're already watching
so I'll see you guys again tomorrow
are you are you vlogging right now I am
vlogging right now okay I'm here with
YouTube sensation vlogger Alex Mandel
yeah yeah you do pretend you made it boy
yes I'm ready to play and get ready to
play I'll deal with it I'll put this
down
