hey guys new day on deal with it boom
boom camera time hey I'm in the hot seat
let's get naked yeah so in order to talk
to will be able to see like the person
we're cranking we call or the person
that's that's unsuspecting is the mark
and the person that's in on it with an
ear in there yes we can tell me what to
do is the accomplice but we have talent
and accomplice and whatever so yeah so
on this we can talk to them with a
handy-dandy microphone and you can
either push then a focus talent
accomplice or if you run out of ideas
turtle power but we've never used that
they've never had these dark but we know
what it's for turtle power the reaction
yeah okay small teaches them using her
commit are you are you vlogging right
now I am vlogging right now okay i'm
here with youtube sensation vlogger Alex
Mandel yep yeah you do bruh trying to
prove you ready yes I'm ready to play
okay ready to play I'll deal with it
I'll put this down we just finished up
that one it was awesome and I was
actually legitimately vlogging while we
were rolling while cameras rolling that
was it that thing that's making it on TV
it's pretty cool I think it will man it
was yes and where are we r vlogs and
tell'em vlogs Todd television television
television but television and vlogs are
combined into one into one into one so
you'll see me like logon that was cool
just got back home with my buddy Harvey
you buddy
you want to vote too I just picked him
up at the dog sitter you had your day
good time yeah so now I just got to
figure out what's do for the rest of the
day and night then we gonna do shit you
know what I feel like right now I feel
like oreos like I could get some milk
like already else in fact the milk
that's my fafsa milk just you could you
could swirl it Oh swirl that shit I'm
all still it anyway I will show you how
I eat an Oreo the defense and I'm not
just talking about not just talking
about eating oreo like this with my
pinky up that's fancy Butler but you can
get your fingers all milky and stuff
check this shit check this shit Freddie
I don't have no chopsticks right now so
I have skewers luckily a sushi master
and I could use skewers its mother
fucking chopsticks so I take the
motherfuckin chopsticks with the
motherfucking oreo and I put it in the
motherfucking milk with a few squirrels
you get oh yeah fancy fancy shit fancy
shit now you take the motherfucking Oreo
out of the motherfucking milk with the
mother fucking sticks then you put it in
your motherfucking mouth
boom ha mm-hmm
I'm so fucking fat Harvey is officially
the laziest dog ever look at this
still asleep lil dawg whatever least
he's not being miss genius its genius he
never has them he's a lazy dog lazy R me
so I just had to get Harvey already
dropped him off the dogs that are
heading into work today and so what I do
unset is I co-host but if there's a
special guest then I don't co-host and I
become a creative consultant like I help
produce the what'll be funny to do and
what we find to tell these people to do
everything if you've seen the show you
know what I'm talking about but uh yes
like today we don't have a special guest
so I'm co-hosting old day which is
always fun I love it and yeah and then
someone else just started working on the
show today too i'll show you in
tomorrow's vlog because i'm gonna wrap
this one out and then Hannah get my ass
over the work that's why I've got do
today so i will see you guys again
tomorrow dubai oh dear what's this I see
a bedroom I see a bedroom who's in the
bedroom
