hey guys it's me and I'm seeing you with
mr. Harvey I'm in the story how are you
how are you doing today my mother's
coming over right now and we're gonna go
get something to eat yep no yes you
bastard Connors mother thank you for
dinner I'll get to the bathroom no I
dance when I'm excited that I had good
food to make a pee-pee no we just
finished dinner and I had what was what
was we had coffee crusted pork and the
left side of the menu there was a me
yeah the whole left side of the video
exactly we're at a place called upper
west santa monica really good it was a
beautiful
well I think that's all open behind my
Chon anyway thanks mother ya know in the
deserts having carrot cake ice cream
sandwiches and Ellis my god what long
you can have her for dessert my mom's
trying to get me laid Brandon just came
over mr. Randy hello what up and we
decided since I didn't give you guys a
vlog for a couple of days I'm gonna be
more attached more more interactive with
you guys and I'm going to do a little
omegle session so it's like we're gonna
get will chat with some of the some of
the viewers some of the fans over the
18th nobody ever to be able to be there
were to have an 80-minute 18
motherfucker and yeah so if you guys
don't I always put it out on Twitter
when I'm gonna do this so if you guys
want a chance to talk to me go ahead and
follow me on twitter at Alex Mandel and
you'll get the notifications of what I'm
gonna go on omegle let's do it yeah I
want to hear your voice ya hear you say
all my weight what's your name Connor
Carter's nice to meet you got away your
phone oh never ok Tasmanian Pennsylvania
oh I don't just need some you don't you
do you know his name why Harvey Harvey
see you got people know you are oh dear
what's this I see a bedroom I see a
bedroom who's in the bedroom my god oh
my god you're making me left wing oh my
god it on me it's hard to get Harvey it
is
not you Romans I I'm gonna be on the
gonna be so cute hey see here that
Harvey my gosh give me my stomach no
yeah definitely we have two computers
open justice that's so lots of it what's
your name oh god do it is on 100 k by
the way oh thank you you want to say
really cool oh yeah good you guys gonna
be on the vlog tomorrow are you serious
you're bugging right now I'm vlogging
right now the cameras on what's up guys
what are you from Dallas Texas Dallas
tech is that your bed behind you my
sister's got my brothers on the free
stuff oh my god
it's good meeting it
okay um well it's been nice talking to
you man you want to say i would take a
picture okay she said to my friend this
is fucking crazy I heard that I heard
that the picture take snapchat d
snapchat yeah like freaking out this is
like crazy you sound super excited it
was really excited you are a little bit
which saw your snapchat night instantly
just got my laptop should we won on
omegle should we go out and stop an
escalator oh yeah I want to try that
shit we're gonna start a stopping
escalator epidemic cascade hopping
escalators everywhere okay I'm so
freaking done you're done we just said
why you done I just meant i was about to
leave and i met this dude that met you
it sounds like I'm going Brandon yeah
we're gonna have I have like like six no
not sex I mean I it's three martyrs of
Mo may go up right now really yet you
survived a different things oh it's a
lecture yeah it's just on the blog it's
on the vlog like right now right now Hey
oh wait hold on it's totally cutting you
off let me fix that there we go I'm
trying to get this on the vlog 2 I look
like a psycho here I'll get gift you let
your photo shoot okay now should we
should try this together dude like go
pose for me like oh I'm say maybe model
and then
go go go okay i'm afraid i'm gonna hit
Harvey I he said you got your toes is
yeah what are your puzzle I don't have
any yeah come on go oh it's a female how
are you doing female hey I could barely
hear you what do you say what's going on
I meet you it's nice to meet you it
finally found you no no no no i've been
i've been on here trying to find you and
I finally found here what like here
that's what you like to hear well that's
great cuz that's what I just said what's
your name what is that let's cut erica
erica i got ok first try got it right on
the first time someone's want me to tell
you to get off for some reason oh hey I
remember eating with Brandon yeah love
you what
you found me or Z yeah I can't
understand you with oh oh you don't have
it's a human it's a humor you're a human
oh it was just a mask here I was
thinking I was talking to a horse of
course how where do you have what you
amen breathe Lily swayed from Louise yes
I window beneath every donor hey what's
up I I want to scream my hands and I
wake up my mom I'm their stinky yeah
don't wait can I wake up your mom Alex
yeah what's going on man what's going on
dawg yeah are you sorry buddy escape man
no I didn't skip anyone it just came in
because i had this on my oh my computer
I is that is that it is an appearance
wait I really is Brandon going on that
big door something big yeah get back up
your bears you're not that shit yeah man
home of the biz you know what I'm saying
yeah mmm hear some texts what uh I'm
home next I'm in Kherson your houston I
from you in calexico which I know you've
been there yes I should be a thought
time yeah I love you say what i said i
love cancun of course beautiful place
mad fucking blue water yeah party old
tough like a blue water fuckin alcohol
fucking vaginas in the in my hand it's
for break this memory yeah fast time too
man yeah man how you doing I'm doing
good how you do it not your back just
finish drinking my beer oh I want a beer
wish your beers beers for the Bears yes
zactly yeah by the way I love that
fucking trigger guys did on a stuffing
of that fucking go on the fucking
escalated yes top of the fuckin ass yeah
I should've habitat fuck yet you were
tired over there hey what is that you
were tired you didn't even you would to
sleep throughout most of it you were
just oh look at that time boy look at
that time all you can go to sleep now
well fun oh you're Johnny to Harvey your
hands of them random yes okay guys that
was a lot of fun I'm sorry it wasn't
like a full like daily vlog I'm gonna
get back into that starting tomorrow
definitely gonna have regular vlogs
going back but I felt like because I
missed it i owned I owed it to you guys
to actually go on omegle and talk to the
fans and talk to you guys and and
interact once in a while it's important
to actually talk to you guys rather just
have you watched me so I hope that you
guys enjoyed that back to normal
tomorrow and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye yeah I'm used to having
it rough not during sex like just a
masturbation to pull my hair out
