hey guys a lot of you are new so you
don't realize you don't know what I do
love house for living I work on TV so
I'm kind of a I am a co-host on a show
called deal with it on TBS
and we're back we're shooting another
season this is Wendy she's my makeup
artist ooh right now Theo the host on
Grindr no that was Vic yeah didn't see
me yeah this it's like anyone can relate
yeah yeah plenty of good filter fish yes
and so if you look here look this is
where host and co-host sit we get to see
all these different camera angles inside
the restaurant and we tell people what
to do and they have a little earpiece in
their ear and it's a hidden camera like
gameshow type of thing if they do what
we tell them to do they can earn more
money
it's pretty awesome I'm excited that
we're back shooting another season of it
first day back I'm excited you're gonna
have to put a lot on there to make him
look good my dads taking me see he's
he's posting out Joey did you take a
dance break
I'll probably gonna have another mark
everyone's walking out you have to take
notes
besides kill me you could take dance
break you dance you danced in the stall
oh now I look pretty that really scared
me I thought it was a bug of risk and
it's a rat first day back I'll deal with
it
shutting off the lights closing it down
when you go home you go in New York I'm
going home to do vlogs for you guys and
then we shoot again later on this week
shooting back to another season ok I'm
back at home I got my brother Alex in
the house so what are we doing Kimmy
will be doing first of all I hope you
guys are Jimmy Neutron fan cuz I'm Jimmy
Neutron it out I'm motherfucking Jimmy
Neutron yeah yeah motherfucker Jimmy
Neutron
that's a realign of what doesn't yeah
Jimmy Neutron ok so we have this blue
stuff that totally failed on the
mustache on my chest because it was too
short a hair so it's getting on my skin
but I'm going to turn this Jimmy Neutron
into a blue Jimmy Neutron
we'll see how that comes out are you the
dire are you dying I feel like you're
about to stick your fingers in my
butthole
and I'm not okay with that
okay dye this thing blue don't spill it
you ready for this
so you lower all my knees yeah okay
does it look blue yeah it's not - no no
yet you know you need a lot more do you
I do the come first
well I think you're part funded you're
shedding oh you're pulling my hair yeah
I'm used to having it rough not during
sex like just masturbation to pull my
hair out
is it nothing there's nothing your hair
is dark yeah you've been supposed to be
cool on dark here that's what it says in
the box
it kind of looks cool it does but
imagine when you put a ton of it in
there okay let's put a ton of it you're
gonna look like getting Aguilera nice
yeah yeah
sometimes though is Christina Aguilera
with a jean jacket America yeah I should
put that you're the genie in the bottle
okay there you go yeah all right now
right now we're talking is it blue blue
is getting there blue I'm holy stand up
yeah he's all about I want my hair to
match my balls
but they don't make small hair color
Oh was a bad like small balls okay it's
not even not even small penis joke just
balls which is even more pathetic
yeah so that's why I nicknamed my wiener
the little BB shooter then it holds two
little bb's in case you need to ring
them wait for the 18 / Glock 18 and over
I said I meant 18 but yeah 18 min / 81
oh yeah to watch this vlog you must be
18 and over
well we don't actually put the whole
bottle I do we were just okay put the
whole bottle when this part is actually
like it look good
really actually I had character to me
yeah now if you could am I gonna am I
gonna pick up ladies that's on you you
can I think this might help me it up to
me it hasn't worked
it's actually cool it actually looks
really good really I can't see it can
you reveal where does okay I just don't
let them out okay let's see this turtle
oh let's see
that actually looks pretty sick yeah I
could I could do that let's get it more
blue how is it does it need more I think
you're good yeah I think it's good that
you should coming through
should I comb it through yeah okay let's
take this I'll use dogs in there yes
okay I know I know I know I know I know
I know
uh-oh I think it's just taking it out
oh no it's not oh no aah
why am i brushing dat of dyeing sides of
my head
damn such an idiot
Oh and now I'm wiping it on my fingers
right here
yeah yeah
oh okay guys well I actually managed to
wash out the blue stuff this morning but
it did look kind of cool I don't know if
I would ever do that I'm not a color
person in my hair person person anyway
guys so I'm gonna start a new vlog today
and I'm gonna edit this throw this up
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye y'all probably watching while
you take you to poop but hey look
surprise
