hey guys I'm starting off today on a bad
start right now because YouTube is
apparently having problems because I'm
trying to upload the vlog that you guys
are probably already seen because this
is going up tomorrow but so the vlog
yesterday I'm having so much problems a
kiss keeps processing and processing
it's it's really like I keep tweeting
out if you guys don't follow me on
Twitter it's just at Alex made out
because that's where I give you updates
on like sorry to be up later blah blah
but it seems that Romans having a
problem I'm having a problem and then I
noticing that everyone is because I
tweeted that I couldn't get it up and
Jesse from prank versus prank tweeted me
and said that I had to upload it as
scheduled and then once it's up then
changed it to public I don't know so I'm
trying that right now it's still
processing this is killing me so if you
guys didn't see what's going on in
Twitter people talking that's why
yesterday's vlog for you guys now went
up so late cuz it's I don't I don't
understand Roman said has been doing it
like two hours mine went processing and
then just had failed I had to made me
delete it just to try again so I've been
trying this now for a few hours this
sucks hopefully Jesse's fixed Jesse
solution works and then it's up because
this has really slowed me down I'm
trying to go into my office today and
this sucks and yeah i used to i showed
you on my ipad dish because i'm just
trying to keep it looking to see when
it'll be up so i can just change it on
my iPad not on my computer but anyway
hopefully will be up soon and i can go
into the office i just got to the office
and my dads taking up space in the back
shooting something what do you can't
really say what you're shooting right
now oh not even look at it
yeah how I can't say much but you saw
yesterday my lunch but check it out now
so they built a whole set back here and
everything's taken up no ping pong but
yeah I mean they have a whole set this
is cool you turned into the cool studio
it is a studio in turning those you
didn't turn into anything just working
in it yes yeah my actual office is
around the corner think Brendan's in it
but this is like the main area where
there's the white wall and you can build
sets so that's what they use it for it's
actually being in use now walking into
my I think he's in my office are you in
here yeah right now it looks a little
plain it is kind of playing but that
couch you saw on the set they just took
it from my office that normally goes
here not only have a couch and the desk
and everything to do work and can't
really show you I'll show you like a
side view of the whiteboards because we
have idea stuff on it so I'll show too
much but anyway this is where I work and
it's a fun space cuz there's my dad's
working here and there what what why
don't you tell me you're going to try to
resign things me today I was wearing the
same thing ah we always do that oh
that's so we're we always wear that's a
dick hey by the way if subway sandwiches
out that he won't match your nipples
imagine oh yeah my nipples are fronted
us Elvis how much can't your own food
let's get food take that are you not
gonna take me no one has salamat I can't
Jewish
steak sandwich I'm going nuts because
I'm still trying to put up this video
and look at this focus processing zeros
it's one minute remaining this is
driving me absolutely nuts Brandon
you're working hard hardly were hardly
working we have something we're working
on right now that I think you guys will
love and I'm just so pissed that one's
not going up but I would make it happen
it'll it'll be up soon I'm thinking we
may need a bigger box very Harvey you
enjoyed being in that box here right 33
he doesn't try to get out he enjoys
being there I'm just gonna ship him to
one of you guys so which one if he wants
him oh well now he heard that he's like
I'm out fuck that stay with you it's
okay Harvey you could say check out this
car right here we just we just finished
dinner your car just that cause one that
one where that one you don't see a car
there Oh what color is it it's cuz
camouflaged there's a car there yep
can't see it because of the kit because
it's camouflaged I see that I see the
silver one that's because that's not it
was a space and then another car by out
yeah its skin it's like a chameleon
this iCarly why are you intelligent
something we'll see it some people don't
that's what camouflage does I'm just
gonna Jake but I brought some the
dresses oh yeah I got don't be yo
champagne for the celebration we should
get about that we're gonna we're gonna
drink it that's a really yeah yeah we're
gonna mix a Dom Perignon and sriracha
I'm just kidding we're not we're just
gonna drink it we're gonna pour it we're
gonna pop it let's pop this bottle now I
get to go on the wall of heights that
don't change cuz we're all feel girl cuz
Raleigh we're all whole Grove yeah there
you go stand up straight i'm gonna push
your hair down by the way okay just oh
you're right Oh under Devin there you
are that's here right there oh you're
right under devin right under speaking
and Emily shade that blow up right now
Devon you and I are like together over
it high okay it's time for some dumb
yeah here dude what do you want to hold
this while I flop this there
yeah this is a moment
thousand one hundred thousand mother
mario has pour some glasses oh yeah i
know i came in responsible for action
what was it boom baby how much drink
some dong drink that down every breath
yeah it's really good let's take some
stuff we we finished the bottle amongst
all of us in each get one glass which is
perfect and that dalam is expired maybe
i should do like a giveaway of my
hundred thousand subscriber DOM and I'll
sign it that in just a bottle yeah I the
bottle that I celebrated my hundred
thousand yeah yeah yeah yeah that'd be
good you guys want it i'll give you that
dumb and I'll sign it I'll be really
cool yeah anyone can have it yeah she
giveaway giveaway yeah yeah it's an
empty bottle so does it matter you don't
have to be of age you can just have a
bottle I'll do you hang out the main
street santa monica foolish up some
celebrations with a hat bars i can
later and the people of a girlfriend
have a good time we are now yeah wow
yeah my buddy larry lawrence
off to the next bar we just left bar
Copa remember go there and ask for
Lawrence or they call him naked he's the
bartender do it buddy one boy down
congratulations on a hundred thousand
yeah yeah
that's really full drink it strong it's
good
okay guys well i'm home now i finished
up my night and i'm ready to go to bed
right now but I'm still like so excited
so pumped that this is happening this
happened on a thousand scrappers and
we're still growing but took an uber
home and even the uber driver he was
like oh Dom what do you celebrating what
do you celebrate I was like well i do
youtube stuff and hit a hundred thousand
subscribers oh that's awesome so yeah
you watching YouTube stuff he's like not
that much like I watch like prank stuff
like all I know is like Roman and Vitaly
I like watch them every day and I'm like
oh those are buddies alive he's like
yeah he's like you know like the
flashing prank the new one I was like
he's like yeah with Roman and the other
classic I'm the other guy so i was like
i'm staying school so it was really cool
just to right away just to cap off that
night just to finish it off with someone
just showing that they love they love
this material and stuff like that and so
cool tomorrow I'm gonna try to spend a
day make you know freaking rap video for
a hundred thousand motherfucking
subscribers dog yes son we're gonna try
to do that so that I can give that to
you guys because now I hit a hundred
thousand way faster than I thought I
would so I have like no time to prep so
I'm really gonna write it shoot it get
it up tomorrow try to do all that yeah
so I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
this thank you for making this all
happen I am just again so humbled and so
grateful for all of this so surprising
thank you once again and I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye you're
leaving
goodbye what happens in the office when
I live that in front the dance party
