hey guys i am actually at my office
space where work hello and i also have
someone else here working with me mr.
Harvey you enjoy being here yeah he's
tired I just took him for a walk to make
some pupusa pay paste right Harvey yeah
well he's happy with his new baseball
tee so it's coming down buddy it's
coming down buddy yeah he's tired but
I'm yeah coming you're gonna write up
some new videos Brandon's gonna meet me
here so we're gonna come up with some
content for some new pranks and stuff
and also i'm debating because i'm
getting close to 100,000 subscribers
thinking about doing another rap for
100,000 scrubs I'm not sure let me know
in the comments if you guys want me to
do that hey buddy hello hi how can you
even get me a baseball jersey baseball
tee baseball tee okay Harvey my parents
parents got in that from the only get
one for me I'll ask my mom she always
buy stuff won't be at 2x oh yeah maybe
share yeah now now we're gonna come up
with some great ideas and by that I mean
let's play ping pong why I'm house
arrest my house arrest that's his bark
collar so when ya when you barf goes to
know it doesn't shock no shocking i
don't want to shock my dog this bar
color that I got is from a company
called pet safe and it gives when he
barks it spritzes a little bit of citrus
spray which they don't like so and he
doesn't bark normally but if I put him
in a room five to go somewhere and I
close the door for a little bit he get
some separation anxiety and he'll barks
and now that just stops him from doing
that but I'm getting him used to that
and he doesn't where he only wears it
for like maybe four hours a day sign
back just when I know he's gonna be
potentially barking he leaving
goodbye what happens in the office when
I leave that in front of the dance party
who let you Captain America Lee what
about you cops dead I'm not even
comfortable uh we're working really hard
viewer node you yeah yeah yeah and then
the music ended okay back to work go for
it put your finger under it Oh to get it
yeah this is gonna be hard to hold it
damn it one ah it's really hard to hold
this and do that okay I can't how I
serve with one hand yes yeah buddy what
is it uh whatever I'm we're playing
paintball just go back home now how is
getting a nice drink yeah there's tea
man yeah and then I'm gonna go meet Jake
and Angela for some dinner I know it
looked like it looks like we play a lot
of work but we did get a lot of stuff
done and of course I'm not going to show
you the work part of it just fun part so
looks easy looks fun it you know what I
enjoy all of it we did get a lot done
going back into work tomorrow even
though it's a Saturday just to get some
more done I've just been motivated
recently with this with the flashing
prank and escalator doing so well and
it's new rise and subscribers everything
it just has me pumped just keep trying
to get a lot more content and actually
cool prank videos and everything out
there so working on that right now I'm
gonna probably shoot some more next week
and get them out to you but
I'm really hungry what Jacob Angela now
boom she's chewing voice mullet I get
you I ears are chewing we're at a place
that I love here you guys have seen it
before eat shabu take yours oh yeah
Oh
put it in there for like literally like
no time at all 20 seconds maybe in
watchos Angus
we're doing great say hello oh it's
actually video yeah yeah and then now I
0k and then it's done that's it dip it
in the sauce
take it with some rice yeah but
what do you think I'm just getting at
the worst moments that's really good you
guys drive around santa monica try you
shopping okay we're back at my place we
got some monkey ball action going on but
Angela uh-huh is helping me out with
something right now social drinker yeah
what I don't I do not drink regularly
okay I really don't you they all think I
I drink I know I should not drink
moderately the social drinker I don't
drink I alone ready anyway what she's
doing is it's about time I find a woman
in my life so she's creating a match.com
account for me I'm gonna be and I'm
gonna be an internet date ER and i told
her i said i would be really mad if I
don't get you any matches no one does it
but everyone doesn't no no I'm not
saying there's anything wrong with it
that's why I'm all for I'm saying I'm
gonna be mad if I don't get matches I
want matches you know that your mom will
be no that's that's nothing ok your mom
will be my mom will be very happy if I
find a lady in my life that we're doing
this for you oh yeah she'll be happy
yeah mom aren't you happy that they're
helping me out yeah you got a hundred
views dude I've hundred views on my cal
already yay you take you you're leaving
it's freezing my bones are trying it's
not that cold right Harvey you're
comfortable yeah okay look at her
matches yeah I'm try see you yeah see we
we couldn't really think of a profile to
put yet so we have a temporary one in
what I will yeah i'll let you out so it
says in my my my profile right now is I
like to think of myself as a majestic
sea horse prancing through the salty
waters of the cold Pacific traveling is
my name and adventures on my game just
kidding my name is actually alex not
traveling but i do like to travel if
you're still reading at this point it's
a really good sign that we should
probably meet but i'll continue must
love dogs that's all I have so far i
don't think i don't know if i'm going to
keep that enough i don't really comment
saying you're never gonna meet anyone
well hey I'm trying anyway guys this is
just we'll see what happens I'll keep
you updated this hopefully I could
actually like if I do get a date vlog on
it that would that be weird that would
totally kill it it was just like vlog
and tell you how it's going like in the
bathroom or something totally be like a
girl like that I don't know anyway it'll
be fun well fun with this I'll see where
it goes this is just a new thing but
yeah okay guys well i'm gonna start
vlogging a new day today so i'm going to
end this one edited get it out make you
guys happy sorry didn't have one
yesterday just didn't happen so here's a
new one for you guys hope you guys enjoy
and i will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye bring the middle wow the right
when you pull it showed this camera this
line hold two three
