hey guys it's a new day today hey Harvey
hey Harvey yeah buddy boy I'll go for a
walk go for a walk yeah yeah I'm take
him for a walk around Santa Monica yeah
you excited excited he's lazy so let's
see how long he lasts I don't know I can
take it to buck Harvey did you meet a
friend
it's not every day you see a little
little piggy playing with Harvey on the
street it's a friendly Pig I just
finished eating with my sister Jackie
turn your head yeah and Alex my row and
we're trying to think of cool things to
do right now cuz it's kind of a dead
night not much going on but my sister
had the brilliant idea of don't tell
them well it's probably gonna be my
thumbnail so they watch anyway okay so
those of you that are new don't know
that I usually have a mustache on my
face so I'm gonna go do my mustache and
then I have a surprise for you what
we're gonna do but you probably already
know it because it might be in the title
and it might be a thumbnail if it's not
then I sound stupid but I'm not gonna
tell them I'm just telling them that I
usually have a mustache and they'll see
what we'll do when we got it you should
also get a razor ready to use wax strips
perfect this morning we should get a
razor 40 strips no it's 40 full-sized
strip flirty full size I'm pretty hairy
man yeah I think we ought maybe we
should get a razor to you are you sure
you don't want purple mania blonde
streaks purple oh Sh I get purple mania
absolutely I think we're gonna add that
yeah let's yeah let's get purple this
purple mania good
there's also pink well maybe blue blue
might be cool that might be the option
let's do blue okay yeah cool blue cool
blue yeah
wait you guys need this Harvey you just
want to stay there yeah
wasting time what oh yeah uh-huh yep
yeah I agree
the boy good boy for those of you that
are new you can also follow him on
instagram at Harvey Bulldog mm-hmm see
I'm giving you a shout out hey man
that's my son man no no no okay guys
she's got the that eyeliner pen yeah
yeah we got my mustache there on my
store okay let's do this yeah you want
to take this let's shave a mustache into
Harvey this is so weird
a lot of these didn't jump amuse me
okay now his distracted
can you even see it
Harvey's dominating you wait Jackie
stuff stuff let me take care of her real
quick
that's cool okay okay I think one side
is like done right yeah okay other side
yeah okay stand up better for hurry
we need to make sure that that demon and
they're not in read my boobs
know both sides like this and one way
down
Wow look at those nips it's gorgeous
hardly reeking with that shit bro what
does this look like a mustache mustache
it's a bikini top bikini tops the cover
is new trailer tops
how many front teeth do you have RV
no like you could do it now I know but
should we not stand here do you want to
plug it back you it s here brothers a
nipple no it'd be disgusting one second
my sister example it's disgusting both
way
so what are we gonna put on your bike
how do we do it five steps to
beautifully terribly smooth legs I'm not
doing legs it grabbed the wax strips
between your hands for about five
seconds to warm the last warm it and
then holding the beach easy-grip have it
would be easy slowly peel the strip of
fur make it really hot make it more make
it more I can feel you Alex you know I
could feel it stop and you're pulling it
off right now should it be easy
it's hot okay if not that's a really mad
so you're gonna put it the hair's going
down so wait no you have to you can't
just put it on you have to put it like
with the grain and then pull it against
it okay okay who made you the master
they know there's no what it says just
do a quick no Alex not that side why'd
it go sticky gives a shit idea if this
is bad I need to put this you hold this
yeah let's do it baby come on mine did
oh my God look at those trips let's all
skin on it oh I know I have that's
disgusting
no no we started we started now we've
got to finish what we started we have to
do that to me tell me before you pull it
I'm going to snapchat say like one two
oh my god dude just stomach looks like a
murder scene is it bleeding cuz I wiped
off the blood on some of it
voila here it is I'm just gonna clean
out the specks of blood look at this
doesn't look good when she's putting on
look just you go close oh geez
the black line even realize he's black
was yeah that looks like I'm about to
like get tattoo or something but really
what I'm doing is that I'm dyeing the
mustache blue I'm gonna dye it believe
these from pulling out can you see that
I'm holding yeah all over your chest
wait so that how do we do Shay clean off
I should clean off this marker first
because I won't be able to wash it just
leave it leave okay makes it more
accentuated yeah very very nice good
I don't think it's supposed to be under
your skin this is opposed to go on your
hair it's not supposed to be on my skin
at all yeah that's what you should be
doing it was all over my skin no is he
gonna no but I mean it's not gonna come
off in your skin let me say that oops
wash it out right now don't watch it out
yeah because he's supposed to like be
putting into things yeah I can't take
out the marker stuff that eyeliner
pencil pen pencil pencil pencil now
eighteen moustache I've just got all
these blood spots here I know from the
black song and everything bumps and
blood and a mustache
I hope you're looking good yeah now what
are we gonna do we're gonna make a
mustache in your hair okay
this reminds me of when I
dress you as a girl when I know isn't
that sweet me that explains a lot
dresses you liked it that's gonna
sparkle on the comments I had two
sisters guys okay that's what happens
now I'm gonna be like I had two sisters
and now you got a brother and nothing's
changed
I have a mustache on my chest I'm not
wearing a dress
there's tomorrow's vlog I'm just kidding
actually I have logged me in a dress at
a nail salon with Bret this is Romans
hairspray that he left here nice getting
good use out of it yep he only is a
little bit it's awesome t well well cuz
sometimes I if I'm gonna be doing it for
when to be doing strenuous activities i
hardened my hair with some hairspray
that sounds naughty
no my hair looks like I haven't looked
in a mirror yet see you guys are seeing
it before I am actually you're not
because I gotta edit this so I'm gonna
see before you but uh anyway so this is
totally a team doubt does it still do
the the bikini thing when I do this sure
it does let's take a bikini
yeah forearms flexing yeah really yeah
I hope that you guys enjoyed this my
pain is your entertainment I will
tomorrow I'm going to be going to Santa
Barbara to do a prank with Brian from
the whatever channel so I'm excited
about that but I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
