hey guys so I came out here and I was
looking at the cookies we left for my
brother-in-law Alex and I know he got to
them because there's like half-eaten
cookies and a bunch of them are missing
over here he's gone now but I know he
got to them and he loves cookies so
hopefully he had joined them I'll ask
him later because I think we're going to
a birthday dinner for him tonight so
I'll be able to ask him there I was just
looking outside my window and there's
like fire trucks all over my street and
stuff look at this let's do this let me
zoom in he's in that apartment I don't
know if you guys could see it's hard to
see there's like smoke coming out of it
the building across remind the building
across from mine caught on fire and I
think they're just like finishing it up
now because I see them in the apartment
that was smoking but all this smoking
all the smoke was like billowing out of
the windows and they're opening the
balcony and everything looks fine now
but I wonder what the inside looks like
check this all the fire cracks they're
all tending to that building looks like
they got it under control going out so
nothing exciting anymore for you guys
alex is back I gotta ask what do you
think of the cookies oh it's an Oreo
chip Oreo cookie I'm actually
instagramming a picture that's how much
I love well what's your Instagram so
they could not Halloween music doc
Hollywood music see it's as easy to that
go follow him for for his birthday
no a good birthday present getting a
bunch of yeah get a bunch of followers
that we cool go do that make sure you
say have birthday to him I'm happy he
liked the cookies because it took us a
long time
we have fun that we thought it was worth
it my sister Riley is making hard-boiled
eggs yeah and when they're done which is
in like 40 seconds I just showed her
she's never seen that like and a lot of
you probably not seeing it that like
ninja part build egg peeling trick
I don't why it's a ninja but that's
what's it like the videos but anyway you
peel the top of the egg and you peel the
bottom of the egg and then you hold it
and you can blow the hard-boiled egg out
of the shell I don't know if it's gonna
work and we're gonna try it if it
doesn't then whatever but we'll see okay
so we've made a little hole at the top
and a bigger hole on the bottom so take
a deep breath and then hold the egg like
around the shell I guess so yeah
and then make sure you could put your
lips completely around that okay wait
you gotta like put your lips you gotta
seal it on the on the egg you can move
your fingers down see yeah yeah false
doesn't work did you seal it around the
egg yeah how come I get your egg no no
Riley I see it on your fingers don't put
on your fingers on the edge yeah like a
blank go for it on the egg yeah yeah
there you go there you go push it hard
push it it's going it's going
now I know it's good that's supposed to
cracks on the bottom go hard no harder
it's literally gonna fall into pieces
it's like broken really yeah I think she
bad okay okay this is t2 yeah yeah very
good
Oh No is this one not ready no that's
fine it's just kind of hard
we'll probably we're not that's cuz
those got that skin stuff on it that's
fine now let's just cut open their I
have to get those out because I'm not
just break that skin stuff no no not
like like that on the bottom of this
yeah that's like a film to break that
just before yeah there you go okay there
we go
and I like push from the top you go you
just have to make like a good seal I'm
here about the end of it long enough
yeah when I just pull that little skin
stuff off again on the top you like know
what's up well I'm clearly I don't cuz
it didn't work last look it soaked up
your hand around it just so you could
just hold the shell so that you but but
you got to hold like the whole thing
just like grab it to the shell so it
comes out of the show because you have
to put your lips like around the yes
yeah perfect take a deep breath and then
is it going I feel like but I also feel
extra oh no oh well you guys go ahead
try I found a video that said it works
and it clearly doesn't I'm making one
just so I could try it and hopefully
it'll work I don't know it might just be
you or it might just be a faulty trick
on the side see it
pretty hard
easy huh oh that kind of worked kinda
just I don't know it did work do you
have eggshells on your mouth yeah well
it worked just the last little bit
didn't go off but that's just good thing
is a small balloon blew the hole like
this is still egg look still in the
shell horrible yeah the kind of work
no worked yeah now you guys can actually
try it because it's kind of possible
you guys should Instagram yourself
trying it and then tag me in it so I
could see if you guys could do it try it
as a challenge
Riley and I just went to go get Alex his
gift for today for his birthday we're on
our way to dinner and it is a what is it
SodaStream
so he can make sodas and stuff at home I
don't know if he's gonna like it but we
think it's a good idea so we got it we
split it yeah so it's from both of us
Alex we got you a gift
yeah it's secret here it's for both of
us
we couldn't wrap it so you'll see what
it is as soon as you look down you know
this soda maker you know hurting the
SodaStream the Box got a little bit but
it's a game yeah yeah that way I don't
know no I actually thought he would like
it we thought yeah a soda or baking soda
comes with three flavors three huh
I think he likes it and you got me this
show Alex what you got me
what's that girl doing what where do you
knotted stuff
and start to repeat
you know how to smell what that that's
right that's that's how you spell good
now I know Wow now we both go
then we think happy birthday
try the monster when do the mondo
monster cookie it has everything in it
oh there you go yeah just take it by the
middle right there oh my god
it has Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Oreo
and marshmallow cream in it yep we're
gonna we're gonna make some soda to it
to do so Street Wow yeah that's that one
I was excited about that one oh don't
worry he feels like he succeeded hi
Harvey Harvey Hey
okay here push this while you and then
screw that on in there sure right Wow
yeah okay now you release it now what
you can do is is you're gonna hold that
down until it buzzes then let go and
then you'll do that three times hold
Ollie down push it okay okay lift up
push down again two more this and then
now open up this and unscrew it
jackie sparkling water
here's your sparkling water you wanted
and so with these flavors you just
squirt a mini these are the travel and
so you got root beer yeah take out take
the got it
now just under the top and put that in
that's how big is this bottle as a
leader yeah I think of this yeah so
you'll just put that whole thing and I
guess
and says there's no high fructose corn
syrup underneath that so it's really bad
- cool cool now let's put the cap on and
it was turned upside down her back up or
whatever we'll see if this tastes like
root beer yeah all right let's go some
glasses in surprise oh here look at that
it's clearly carving yeah super cuz this
is pretty amazing
okay cute oh oh we're not choosing
I'm just smile Oh perceive it right
through taste it it does a root beer
tastes like really good
yeah just tastes like root beer that's
awesome so first time right thank you
yeah now you can make whatever you want
with it or even just Jackie like
sparkling water
yeah where's this release market hey
just make sparkling water but that's
cool what kind of alcohol drink can you
make the possibilities are endless I'll
probably be using this to make some
cocktail stuff too so that'll come soon
but this is really cool see you enjoy it
love damn get it cool well we're not
we're not promoting any product right
now I just got it first his birthday and
weed above but yeah you should get it
because it's really cool yeah okay guys
what's all I have for you today I hope
that you guys enjoyed the vlog and let
me know if you guys try any of that egg
stuff sort it but anyway I'm gonna spend
the rest and I probably chilling with
Harvey watching some TV right right
buddy buddy watch TV on the couch yeah
so we're probably gonna do that but
anyway guys I will see you guys again
tomorrow
goodbye yeah good idea
hope I can get this around it
they're like
