hey guys I am home got Jake here yeah
he's on the phone and then my prego
sister Jackie she's coming down we just
got some flu we got some Thai food just
picked it up and we're gonna get our
food game oh I'm hungry and then I don't
know we're gonna do and of course we got
to work in a little bit of monkey ball
now we're hooked cuz we've been trying
and oh yeah you failed and mr. Braden is
here miss marina these are so social
right now with your phones I'm just
kidding I just happen to catch them
right with their chicken teriyaki news
blog camera you will did talk to them
cuz talk to the talk to the camera do
you want me to tell you what I was
looking up guys will be looking at if
breast milk is good for adults we really
yes I was know you would I really was
don't touch my breasts because my sister
was telling us that in in some places in
Europe they actually have like breast
milk ice cream from humans I mean I
would I would suck a log some breast
milk yeah it's help is really hard so at
midnight it is my brother-in-law Alex's
birthday your husband so we're gonna go
to bonds and make we're making crazy
cookies oh no what
we're making an ice cream cake that's
exactly what is it I don't know we're do
we're gonna figure out say to make we
just got back from the store and we got
a few cookie making options just regular
sugar cookie
the Toll House chokolate chip in case we
fail with our custom ones then we did
get a custom summer sensation but to
fill in the middle of the cookie dough
wouldn't bake it we're gonna try
different things Reese's peanut butter
cups Hershey's Kisses I did tell him
before he left I said it was his
remember then he got in the elevator
yeah I hate all the wet floor and then
got Oreos where you can crumble up some
maple bacon potato chips for some sweet
and salty flavor and then just like the
s'mores one except it would be our own
we're putting the jet puff marshmallow
cream in the middle
hopefully these turned out okay we're
gonna try a little bit of each no ha JQ
I'll hold this for a second what this no
let's see together Jake don't what I'm
cheap sorry you don't need to like go
back oh how do I make it focus again
a massage that Lake kale always a Sascha
Keil chocolate
I don't know what I'm doing that's a
really big cookie I think it has to be
wait don't you need to wear a tie it's
like each of them and incorporate the
yeah let's toss that that up close
action
this this I think this one just has the
reason is yeah and then some will have
that feeling and someone had a it's a
mystery it's not mistreated just did it
how many birdies I don't know I think
that's probably good that looks good
though it's ridiculous
yeah there's a recent bit but cover
let's add this to bacon
okay
holy those are really big I know but
that's why you shouldn't stack to them
so that's good
I think it's almost the same as the
Reese's yeah oh yeah what's that I
thought I'm in debt
yeah I saw that on Pinterest - hmm those
ones are perfect
you know why cuz you're blogging yeah
you're the rustic crap or the ones that
are logging are perfect that's really
good
thank you look yeah oh by the way she
was I'm not doing this myself we just
did for the recent ones we're gonna do
for for us or two or four is okay let's
do it okay Chet puff Marshmallow cream a
little stickier than you expected way
stickier
it's literally like the inside of
marshmallow
wait LM edge
can you use your finger use your finger
this okay just put off this
okay
get into a shape
I don't know
did that just work tied up I think well
maybe not someone we put the meatball
bathing on top
yeah this is like a s'mores one unable
vacance marce
oh that works this one's gonna be our
bomb what I only miss only got the end
of it I only got cookie you know just
get me say this now I did oh but this is
the very first time I only yeah
cookie you're tired of escape I'm really
bad at this
you're not getting anything you missed
see this messing in Hershey's Kisses you
try to pick it up upside down and dumped
off so they're just kids there and they
don't look pissed your pants I got one
from sanitary
okay this is all the dough we have left
for this kind of cookies
this is gonna be his birthday cookie
well all these are but this one's only
this one
even my finger to be investigated
you should put the the filling in
between the Oreo and Reese's just flip
the or around yeah
yeah it's a good idea I hope I can get
this around it
you're like a sushi master of cookies
that's a super cut you might have to
wait have to do a few you might have to
designate that one as the bomb though in
goes what's that one Reese's Reese's an
Oreo we just don't know where for them
are Reese's and two of them are are you
so exactly we don't know what we start
setting 13 in this I guess good two
minutes boom oh well I just have to eat
it that's how we know
oh no it's open that's the monster one
really is it opening now a little bit I
think it's fine these were meant to be
messy let's see
supposed to be done oh yeah that's done
that is done let's take this because it
looks like it oh yeah that's bad
this is the Oreo cookie one and Reese's
and those came out looking amazing wow
that's heavy
look at those now let's check these oh
that's the alarm for them shut that off
yeah that's done damn come on look at
this yeah that is the marshmallow cream
it's like toasted marshmallow that's a
business and then this the mobster one
kind of broken as the Oreo slipped off
I'm a marshmallow
that looks that looks awesome and then
those yeah now you just gotta put those
sugar cookies in and we're good I took
one to try let's see what it is I don't
know we put in this one yeah
yeah no it's already maybe they suck we
should do it yeah we should use it
Shay cut it in the force
oh boy
we'll try the whole part
oh that's how you make a factor than
happy Wow Oriol with a hot cream in the
middle Oreos yeah hot cream my mouth
that's gonna get quoted you leave in
yeah I'm just getting work stuff okay
yeah mmm hey buddy Jake no more cookies
for you man all the cookies have rest
now Here I am eating the cookies I mean
they are the art for us they're for
Alex's birthday not me Alex
her husband Alex my brother lives so
when he comes home hopefully they will
leave like a cookie or two for ya yeah
by the time you guys have seen this it's
already his birthday so you can you can
say have clearly you've worked that
actually works perfectly sticking these
in there
sure cookies yeah I get the Hershey's
kiss I think we're like a cookie factory
tonight yeah I'll let you do this this
is like your arts and crafts I'm really
good at this you're really good at
sticking the chocolate well this is the
ones that I came up with and they look
WAY prettier than yours yeah but these
look good they're just a little messy
and whatever it's about the way they
taste
I'm not trying to sell these you guys
would eat all of them right and then the
final ones get maple bacon potato chip
stuck on to them while they're still
soft yeah yeah for this store but
s'mores ones I mean these are all straw
by that I mean these already came
s'mores so do you like sweets like
toaster strudel style
yep
that's good right yeah is that end for
Alex see we're making cookies those are
what up my neighbor cookies
check this yeah this is what he's
getting his cookie flat you know who
else would like this cookie monster - I
was gonna say Jesse but yeah yeah same
thing Cookie Monster yeah don't worry
Jessie when it's your birthday I'll send
you one too everything is finally done
have a sweet birthday unfortunately he's
not here at the moment cuz he he's a
music producer and he's working on
something right now
and so he's not gonna be back and my
sister is gonna go to bed before he
comes back so he'll just see that right
yeah yes coz for those who don't know my
sister is a school teacher for a young
children so she's got to be up at 5:00
tomorrow yeah 5:00 but we stayed up till
like it's like 12 20 almost 12:30 and
then she's got to be up so yeah but
anyway it's her husband's birthday so of
course she's gonna stay up and bake
cookies for him but anyway hopefully
he'll enjoy that and I will talk to him
tomorrow when he gets again event really
late I'll talk to him and see what he
thinks of the cookies what he thought of
the cookies and then that'll be it but I
hope you guys enjoyed watching us make
them and that's all I got for you
tonight I'm gonna go to bed and I'm
gonna try to head into the office
tomorrow get some work done I gotta take
Harvey out to make a poopy and then I'm
gonna go to bed
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
good bye
there's a lot of new people that came
because of the pranks
romans 7 but we're here
gigantic arcade first game he wants to
place
