hey guys it's a new day today I pretty
much just got up and today one of my
friends that I grew up with is getting
married and I just realized that I
brought all of my like dress clothes and
stuff over to my parents house and got
them dry clean there because they got
delivered back there and I never picked
them up I have a few things here but
they are just not ready to go out the
wrinkle they're just thrown in the back
I'm not driving my parents house go get
them I'm just gonna have to work with
what I got
these pants are wrinkled to hell I have
a black skinny tie here but even this is
like it's it's okay it's like decent but
it's still kind of regularly I have a
steamer I could probably just steam the
wrinkles out of it I think this steamer
was actually made in Cleveland if I'm
not mistaken yep
this is definitely a Cleveland steamer I
don't know who used this lust and it was
definitely not me but I don't think they
realize you've got to dump the water out
of it after you're done using it doesn't
just like stay good I definitely need to
clean it out first look at this water
oh yeah steam my clothes with that moldy
water that'll be just amazing okay
and I get the other
is literally take the wrinkles like
right out like that
there is like no wrinkles right there
this I love you I got most of my stuff
ready now I'm not wearing my jacket or
anything but I'm just waiting on just
shirt right now and I got the pants all
ironed out not ironed out steamed out
but I got to show you something so it
looks very good right now yeah I feel
like I feel like this is this is for for
the viewers that want to see you all
done up and I never get all that and I
know your boyfriend's watching - so this
is for him - and you can see exactly
when I wear the laughing what do you
think it is definitely wear that look if
I don't put any shirt on and I just put
this jacket on I look like the biggest
like Club douche a little city is it
that different from this wearing of you
I think
yeah oh my god you look just like you
look like an asshole like that my table
oh yeah I want to find you already yeah
see you near it right that's so funny it
doesn't like super okay now it comes off
on camera turn like turn this way a
little bit
Lucy yeah got your bottle the Gregory's
coming yeah this is from Majuli oh and
now we were just not gonna like
good amount of traffic but channel
channel we are moving now
I hope we're not too late we left like
the 20th time I think it is now going to
be like a two-hour drive gonna get on
how did you know I did let me drive away
at least we drive along the coats you've
got the beautiful ocean next to us happy
you can have a good time and we looking
so nice by the beach yes yeah I can see
it here in a second
I can't see the surfers from cific we
are just pulling into the venue right
now are those who I got those horses
were mounting each other possession each
other right and I think we're still
going crazy happening oh there's like
pretty much at em cafe
this is not like Brittany and Michael
I don't think there's anything see what
happens when we come a little late I
don't think there's any more steam this
is such a definition that is like who we
are we show up like a little bit
everyone is right
we're like over here like nobody over
here there's the rest of everybody else
is having all these people boy Travis
encourage and give praise you can you're
always Britney in my soul on your
continued journey as husband and wife
Apple's time and I give you this ring as
a symbol of my love and faithfulness as
the first time aside to the life here
unlike Beluga
I already never
right
like slightly bigger than life women
friends and neighbors like all the
allergies
go viral system ringing surprised if
they are here
Oh
oh I just hit the face with you oh yeah
you hit my baby I love you bird friend
he has ready to go we're ready okay we
stole everything
you guys got flowers everything all now
thanks for watching Harvey dude no
problem he have fun with the Chinaman
Harvey yeah yeah you had fun with you
buddy even though it's late even though
I've been drinking Richard and I are now
going to go for a walk around Santa
Monica do some IRL streaming on Twitch
got my new selfie stick tripod so makes
it easier for me to stream it this
actually is really cool tripod thing I
got the cool thing is the base opens up
so that if I set it down here I could
set it wherever I want it can actually
extend much farther than this that's the
way it is and then when I want to grab
it I can fold those up grab the grip and
be streaming down at 3rd Street
Promenade I reckon we've got my IRL
going my other phone here to read the
chat we're going to go look for some
like I don't maybe a bar that's still
open or
I don't know we're just exploring with
drunk exploring Richard yeah if you
offer being with me when I stream no no
even though we got like a tripod set up
here then we got the chat here you pick
the kitchen a lot of people and Shanghai
really ah okay guys we're back now it is
super late I really need to get to bed I
am just so tired if you're wondering
where Andrea went because you stopping
with her before and now you don't see
with her she actually the lead from the
wedding to go directly to she's doing
like a trip with her friend San Diego
she's dead Diego right now and she had
leave early so I went home with Jake and
Linda yeah they came and dropped me out
here he doesn't even know that anyway
that is all I got for today I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and I hope to see
you guys on the IRL streams linked to my
twitch it down below and I will see you
guys again soon goodbye from Nintendo
I'm going to take a peek first because I
want to see although I did
what what a Nintendo threats
