hey everyone so to magically stop an
escalator is way easier than you would
think and the best part about it is no
one on the escalator knows why it
happened or that you made it happen to
do it all you have to do is prop up both
your heels on the step behind you then
place both of your hands on the railing
so that when you push apart you can
create leverage to push extra hard on
your heels as you get to the final curve
of the escalator you're going to push
really hard with your hands and the
backs of your heels to try to keep the
step from going all the way down and
then it will stop it's as easy as that
now let's go have some fun
this prank was shooting at like parks
around I would say la yeah everywhere
any park we can fix can show me shirt
don't do drugs and I don't know if you
can see this but it says stay in school
I can see it yeah they can see that cool
cool
