hey guys I am out with mr. Roman what's
up 18:18 yeah we're actually gonna shoot
a prank today that I came up with a long
time ago and we tried to shoot it we
didn't have much time but now we are
going to knock it out today and I think
if Roman is responsible he'll put it up
Sunday right Sunday mornings my goal if
not feel free to blame him but this
one's gonna be an awesome one I'm
excited to do it and I'm a little bit
nervous you guys to see why I was scared
the first time we tried it and I'm still
terrified now so um we'll see how it
goes but I'll definitely let you guys
know when it's going up or just check
Sunday on Romans Channel this prank was
shooting at like parks around I would
say la yeah everywhere any park we can
finish um you shirt don't do drugs and I
don't know if you can see this but it
says stay in school
I could see it yeah they can see that
cool cool well flashing people is one
thing but what would you do if I went up
and I flashed your child you would
expect me to do that but I wouldn't
actually do that but the one that we're
shooting today is awesome I'll kind of
I'll show you how we're doing the reveal
a little bit later on and then the prank
is epic we already did we already tried
it a few times and people are really
reacting to this one it's awesome we
just had a cop come up and say that they
saw on the like the cameras the main
cameras for the park that they got a
call about a guy going around in a robe
potentially exposing himself Roman
you have to say for yourself we actually
we told him what we were doing and he's
like look you need a permit for this
how long do you need to be like five
more minutes he's like take it but I'll
tell you why it's because he's a park
ranger Park Rangers are awesome they're
cooled anything he thought it was a
funny idea so he let us roll with it and
we got some good reactions this one
Roman roamin was at this park we got
some good stuff and then we're going to
go on to we're gonna try one more Park
and then I think we're done for the day
yeah it's trying to be done now are you
getting killer reactions yeah yeah we
already have we need we're just gonna
try to get some more double look yep
let's do it hey buddy
oh you are tired out you are tired out
you ready for me to take him theywill
nice enough for my arm they watch the
Harvey while we were shooting the video
was he good it was okay
we've been at the park for like the last
almost hour oh and he's good yeah he
looks tired I'm tired out we had an
amazing sheet day they went really well
you guys sure oh yeah good messages I
think he's gonna see you soon meet your
mom
looks like Harvey's always welcome here
yeah they hate Harvey here I got us to
film so there are we here yeah
here young you want to keep him I'll
bring him back okay yeah I'll bring him
back I'm just sitting here with my
sister
Riley hi if you guys don't know already
you can actually go add me on snapchat
my name is just Alex Mandel no spaces on
there because I just snapchatted
something funny of her so it might
already be gone by the time you're
watching this I don't know but I'll just
you redo it I'm just I'll have her do it
now go for it
yep you snapped out of it
no you got to do this out go oh okay
fine here
give give her one second to put her hair
in a side tail okay she's ready now go
hook to the round so if you didn't catch
that snapchat your face is turning
bright red head and Harvey's so active
today yeah I think Harvey's dead right
we Jeff oh my god harder you did now you
just lays his hell when he runs around
for a while he just collapses and sleeps
for a long time he's really easy I'm out
walking Harvey right now and I'm bumping
into some achievers how's it going good
good what do you guys names I'm also a
Roman soldier you're also Roman soldier
well I just shot a prank with Roman
today so this one you'll see me on the
roman atwood channel on sunday you
should check it out okay
yeah that's what that's what this shirt
is about stay in school but you should
stay in school it's important well it's
nice to meet you guys
see you it's India of course always cool
to meet people okay guys I hope that you
guys enjoy that blog and right now it's
a new day I am waiting on Brendan to
come over he'll be here in a little bit
and then him and I are gonna go finally
shoot a video that you've all been
asking for since I mentioned it called
how to stop any escalator so guys be
excited for tomorrow's video because I'm
going to put it up we're going to shoot
it today how to stop any escalator and
then we're going to go stop some
escalators so make sure you check that
out when it's out and also tomorrow
Sunday the prank that Roman I did will
be up so make sure you check that out
and yeah yeah
do what you do what you do guys yeah
I'll see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
