hey guys I'm here with mr. Sam pepper
thank you back your head what do you
what do you do go for it oh that sucks
well actually guys what we're doing is
just it's not illegal I'm gonna show you
we have bills there on paper it's for
prank we're only doing one sided and
they're they're fake but you guys will
see that later on check this out
Oh for Moore's printing but leave this
yeah that's a hundred dollars except
those be placed in crazy places and then
when people go to find them yeah you
thirsty you motherfuckers
I'm not talking bout you I'm talk about
the people who are trying so hard to get
these just I get that I don't know if we
are we are we making fun of people
needing money no really thought these
things to be charged I would do a lot of
things to get on our bill
yeah I'm just messing around no this is
just to poke fun we're doing it in like
a nice area we just want to show like
these people have a lot of money we'll
do a little you know we're gonna put
them in ridiculous places and see what
people will do just to try to get this
hundred dollar bill then they're gonna
realize how desperate they were we'll
see how it goes
have you talked to you Harvey I need to
talk to you someone is hungry I know he
goes nuts with it all the frankers prank
and hang out on the same turf look at
who he randomly bumped into oh we bumped
into Noah yeah and while you're also
vlogging now so he's always he has a
good third third person shot I doubt she
forgets to vlog you I have to hold
myself now what I'm saying she holds
your blog camera I have to do that now
yeah I got a higher self higher than my
assistant yeah yeah all right follow me
son we're gonna go take over the squirt
gun machine
that way if all of us take it over we
can definitely win well I'm gonna I'm
gonna take this
wait
you don't think I got it
like that you come
it's not happening we take it over all
of them we have here we go and then
we're taking over the side
who in this monkey right this end of the
belly your guns at the circuit first
player to the finish
I never worked
hey you know what though mine didn't
even go up at all at all mine was broken
oh you like you tally oh you've gotta
try the same size same size yeah if you
guys saw the blog two blogs ago he has
his monkey but he's playing with Harvey
now it's super size you know the guy
that one wasn't even with us and he just
gave the monkey the ten bucks you get a
hundred and twenty rings real one first
Ross gets two buckets and like a free
fries but the catch is it's impossible
it's not gonna happen
please to get a free prize your diva
right now I am okay guys well that's all
I have for you again I was tired so I
went to sleep but you guys are getting
this vlog and I hope that you guys
enjoyed it I had a fun day shooting with
Sam I might be shooting with him again
today so you guys might see that
tomorrow I don't know I got a head into
the office and he's got meetings so
we'll see maybe but I'll still figure
out something something to do so this is
the end of this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys again
tomorrow little bite
that's Romans ride for the day and just
just rode in it it's pretty sick took
the top down I want one
