hey guys today I'm gonna help out Roman
to shoot a video that he's doing and I'm
just showing up right now to where the
collective is blue we cannot film in
this area Bobby places oh okay I hate I
hate it when front desk people are
assholes we're like I don't even know
where to go all right go sir first of
all there's no blogging are you looking
for somebody romanatwood I don't know
who that is but nobody knows who that is
oh okay I'm gonna go I will write today
we're shooting a break with Rome in
Romans beating us up there check out my
ride you want you to c times me I am but
I'm showing this is this my ride for the
day yeah and this that's your ride right
good right you got the part yet I got a
check this out that's my ride for the
day so hey you ready to take them up
what's that you ready take them up I'm
ready to take them off it's gonna be
awesome do you have the key yeah i got i
got my face I don't have it I gotta go
get my keys I gotta get it batali really
wants to drive this car yeah can you
turn it off this rally there you go yeah
so I think I'm gonna take the Tesla he
has go by taking on dude yes reverse
wait what doesnt even the thing it
doesn't even move to tell you if you're
in Reverse you're not well you'll know
if we hit the carvery interest oh no go
oh this will be fun Kevin give it a read
all right again you guys want to hear
with some american muscle sounds like
oh my god i have a boner and so on it's
not even from the car a little girl just
walked by oh my god now this dude 1964
pontiac gto for those you they know your
muscle car history yeah yeah you know we
gotta wait on the other two cars that we
were already in the Tesla how much does
this go for well I mean is 64 gto and
mint condition out like two thousand
five hundred dollars like office is now
I tell the people the fossil glasses
they got so you know you can I cannot
grant Robert yeah like a mint condition
64 gto numbers-matching engine it's hard
bro there goes Roman in the Ferrari
thank your truck
don't crash your bro
Roman you she drives a moped oh we're
trying to do our intro we need all four
Kevin watch the corner
one
that's Romans ride for the day and just
just rode in it it's pretty sick take
the top down I want one look at the size
of the screen here in the Tesla this is
my car for the day it's like the torque
on this damn ready like a little kid
it's so fast actually cars we've got
flashers on we've been waiting we've
been waiting forever like where are they
they're sitting up here with flashers
the vitally said he saw a bunch of smoke
in the street oh no
ah fuck you likee hanim people with my
car with me laugh
all I saw was just this is
let's see
no shit let's see what happened
what happened
oh and overheated
he didn't hit a bit overheated that
sucks I see the fluid on the floor
on the ground which looks like just the
car overheated you can see the the puke
right there the car threw up on the
street well it's hot day out we're
driving muscle cars that's why it's hard
to film with old cars oh it's smoke it's
like so it's like someone with Tom made
right now oh now he's feels too tired
yeah when he's stopping
he slid
smell that burnt rubber okay guys well I
was pretty tired after shooting all that
stuff yesterday psychiatrist took it
easy didn't vlog anything but I hope you
guys enjoyed watching it and today which
you'll be watching this tomorrow Steph
pepper is coming by and we're going to
be shooting a prank so him and I'm so
that'll be cool but right now i'm at
starbucks with my sister and Alex so and
I'm gonna end it here and then you guys
will just have to check it out tomorrow
so i will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye Harvey jumps off to get the
shoes errs
