hey guys we're out here on our final day
of shooting pranks here at comic-con and
today we tweet we spent we might we
stayed up late constructing a fake a
shirt for Kevin sir I don't think you're
allowed to be filming in this general
area look turn around show hell yeah
this get this dad oh yeah I'm a gin got
my War we got my handcuffs around a cop
baby yeah and people are totally buying
it and we already been shooting that
it's so funny but I think we're gonna
get busted if other security see you
maybe I i can sell it i'll just all you
gotta do is keep people attitude then
like they just back off you're right
okay you know what these days get the
fucking camera out of my face right now
copy that the first time we're actually
walking into the convention center now
I'm just talking to myself again Austin
don't worry
he look at me as if I'm touched oh yeah
yeah that looks you guys go in first
time inside comic-con and I don't need
sunglasses
this is nuts its core you see I've never
been on the comic-con floor before it's
the big time all right so I guess this
is way different than VidCon one day
VidCon will be as big is this a little
bit different than VidCon it's really
cool though what should we walk out of
it this is like really bad if you're
claustrophobic I can't have my having a
hard time right now I wish I was like a
foot and a half taller or something take
me above because I'm like this is way
too many people we're not even in the
crowded section
it's too much for me yeah that's my
lightsaber touch it touch it by the way
just you know everyone's gonna be coming
to spilled lightsaber wrong that's
breaks legal department saying you can't
call it a lightsaber because then we
could get sued you have to misspell it
come on seriously trademarks I'm just
gonna yeah I doubt George Lucas and you
know whatever is like scouring breaks
website take down Kevin through it
scopia it's not a role as he burns
hundred-dollar bills lighting Cuban
cigars like yeah c'mon and wiping is
asked them and wiping is that if you
call it over right now it might be a
Gotham to leave Gotham police is using
over right now so if you call one in San
Diego that's what you get hey Kevin we
should call it uber and get it Gotham
police car that would be pretty cool it
would be how do you see that yeah mover
or that I didn't block it I got like the
end of it I didn't get the front of it
but it's still cool you guys and here's
the thing what would be really cool is
if we could ober the Batmobile I do that
in a fucking party that would be pretty
sick that would be allowed be like one
of us in it yeah well yeah I'm sitting
shotgun you can sit on batman slap yeah
we just get the tum Batman's infamous
for having random boners really yeah
but I might be dangerous yeah keep you
like getting the tumbler on you sit on
my lap we'll talk about what pops up and
it's stick shift so I get confused yeah
he just has audience that's Kevin it's
crazy about at night in gaslamp which is
like downtown San Diego it's packed
everyone everyone that all the streets
are back
it's like a party in every place but you
know it promised it's going to take like
10 minutes at least to get a drink right
right ten minutes so this hey
that was such an amazing hood just put
him on the spot but yeah we're looking
for somewhere without like a 20-minute
line to get a drink and then hopefully
we can drink more good job thank you Oh
No thank you thank you thank everyone
did everyone killed it today including
everyone
ok guys one back at the house and I've
drunk and people are going to bed so I
might go to bed and tomorrow I'm super
excited to go home to pick up Harvey and
having a little bulldog puppy back
doesn't miss him on that note I don't
know if you guys remember in a few vlogs
back but kevin was like I rithi hope
Harvey doesn't pass me on instagram and
i just noticed that Harvey's like 200
away from passing you so please guys I
don't want to just push this because
he's not even in it but I just think
it'd be really funny I kind of just want
to just say it to Kevin to see how he
reacts but if you don't already follow
Harvey my Bulldog on Instagram it's just
at Harvey bulldog let's pass Kevin and
just see what his reaction is I think
it'd be really funny but anyway I'm you
asleep i'm going to edit this right now
and then go to sleep and then i'll see
you guys getting tomorrow when i'm back
in LA yep goodbye carpet
No
