hey guys today we're gonna go shoot some
pranks hey Kevin you dressed yet you
good okay yeah I'm ready for action oh
yeah so get in guys it's been a real
woman's body looks like yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah I know or uh look I'm going to
shoot a prank right now we're at
comic-con if I mean I really shouldn't
have to spell it out for you guys comic
con Slave Leia come on so yeah can't
tell you what we're doing but it's gonna
be really good yeah this is actually
Kevin dressed like that to him and I
could shoot something in my bedroom that
we have here and then he's gonna change
back in regular clothes we're gonna go
pranking yeah it's gonna be awesome
let's do this it's so crazy down here
but check this out
so awesome
get the
you can try to get a selfie with you in
it I couldn't that's all right i hope
you guys are dumb and dumber fans okay
let's get a little more you want to go a
little bit more pit yeah other hair yeah
oh my god maybe look the back of the
hair thing we say buddy won't worry
so you got to find people who are skimpy
and I can feel your yeah for sure I'm
okay but I glasses no stop it are you 18
bands at home Alex literally just
facialed me please don't flag the video
for inappropriate content we don't your
glasses but what a guy who dresses yeah
now we're gonna make Kevin disgusting
which is it very hard to do we just use
some some pomade right for your hair oh
that look now I look like a gas station
right bitch Gracie and then if you guys
have never heard of liquid ass you
should totally look it up because liquid
ass is like the worst smelling the other
planet hurt yeah we've gotten so we have
the role of him getting changed we are
going to cover Kevin in it and it's
absolutely disgusted are you excited for
liquid I'm super excited for liquid ass
I'm already hitting the fact that he's
going to be in the band with us on the
hook back to place sorry guys all right
well you know if you're just not going
to come with us to dinner that's yeah
yeah if you guys ever wanna pull pranks
just googled other the name of it
just Google liquid ass because this
stuff it's like dead body and a can go
ahead it's like rotten shit not even
like shit watch carpet
this whole area is terrible how does
that taste on my fingers it's the most
disgusting shit ever Kevin you get in
there what I said you good yeah I'm good
I haven't fucking soap twice again is
fucking liquid a snow on me and you're
using the handicapped bathroom what
you're using the handicapped bathroom to
do that this is the weirdest she'll
write everything in my life so I gotta
show you guys the shower live is like
there's no shower head up above and
there's a seat in case you are um
handicapped yep smell test
smell see right you pass yes no more
liquid ass smell for me you guys should
have seen me in the van now just alcohol
breath now I'm just gonna have alcohol
breath which is way better than liquid a
spin so but you know what's worse than
that but you left the freezer robot
thing as whole hey cheers cheers Cheers
yeah hey hello where's yours it's gonna
do sure than show up hahaha you were any
were gonna cheers real my mate doesn't
with his knuckle if he's ashamed of his
way watch because he's a sound guy
please very good at what he does
whatever my ass and maybe seven
he keeps trying to get me to cover his
ass and shit about not rubbing anything
on it I didn't ask you to
instead I'm not fine I will okay I will
all right okay fine we can't worry oh oh
well okay and we're going to pick I'm
going to bed weirdo I use me okay
goodnight everyone everyone went to the
rules everyone went to sleep like
everyone's out there now I went in the
bathroom took a shit came out there's no
one here I guess I'm gonna go to bed
well I gotta edit this anyway so it's
probably good and I got to be up early
yeah it's a good idea I'm just going to
edit this and I go to bed and then be
done and see you guys get more goodbye
we just got to san diego also known as a
whale's vagina wise man wise man once
said that yeah yeah what he was right he
was oh you already pull it out oh I
brought I brought the essentials with us
too common yes we're here for work by
the way
