hey guys so first off let me just say
I'm sorry for not vlogging for a couple
days I know this is gonna sound like an
excuse but to be honest I wasn't even
gonna vlog today I just feel like I
should at least make a vlog to tell you
what's going on so it's nothing bad
don't worry it's not terrible but Harvey
my little puppy puppies get sick
sometimes and so he's been kind of sick
the last few days and he's not feeling
very good so yesterday I took care of
him and kind of SAT with him all day on
the couch and everything he's got he's
got diarrhea but he's doing okay and you
just kind of laying around everything so
today I took him into the vet and
they're gonna watch him I'm actually
going to go to San Diego tomorrow till
Saturday just to shoot with break so
they're going to take care of him watch
him make sure he's good to Saturday and
he'll be hopefully up on his feet ready
to go and then we could play again when
i'm back and he's good to go but um oh
there's lights anyway I'm gonna go to
dinner right now with Jake and Angela
we're going to korean BBQ but yeah I
just wanted to I feel like you guys
deserve a block or at least an
explanation on why I haven't been so I
will be of course right now and in San
Diego i'll be vlogging cuz that'll be
fun too so hopefully he gets better
really quick they're keeping me updated
on his on his health and then everything
should be good to go from here
yep wat it do you want pool noodle yeah
you got a small small choose one because
we're not carving hours hi big time
anonymous Milo how did you do hey what
did you do while 0 you know he knows he
was with me wrong has been a bad dog Oh
buddy he don't like that pissed on a bed
what did you do yeah you know you didn't
Oh as soon as we saw it with my love
here and there was like oh shit
not either well he's just pissed that we
didn't take the korean BBQ yeah we just
got to san diego also known as a whale's
vagina wise man wise man once said that
yeah yeah what he was right he was are
you all ready pull it out oh I brought I
brought the essentials with us too
common yes we're here for work by the
way yeah we're shooting pranks at
comic-con so if you're here watch out
but yeah we actually we went to the
house and there's everyone taken there's
like eight of us decide that oh no right
in the middle like downtown this is
gonna be pretty awesome but Kevin and I
realize we don't have to shoot today so
we're gonna start drinking should start
drinking yeah cocktail me just have a
long ride that traffic is crazy
especially everyone going to comic-con
like fills up the roads and it's nuts
but now we settled with the trunk cuz
right here in son yah boo mr. Kevin
rolling the last people left it Cheers
hey we got a long exhausting drive in a
van today I think you just told them
that yeah did I but we should try then
we should drink as we we deserve it it
should treat ourselves yeah what's up
you're being called Kevin mm-hmm time
this drink you guys we got barbecue and
we got fireworks that ain't America I
don't know what is I finally that I
haven't gotten my kit I stopped my
buzzer oh look it's just get in here you
got to show the people look at this
pulled pork oh I want to see what about
the ribs
oh my god battle myself I see everyone's
getting their food we're the pork
reporting the forks of the last one I
feel really bad okay so fan came up
ready found you inside although if
you're watching normally every time
there cuz I'm I'd put them in the block
and I just wasn't even thinking I'm so
stuffed from eating a whole you both had
a lot on our plates no pun intended yeah
but this is because I'm like oh my god
as soon as walk away I'm like I didn't
even get him on the block and I wanted
to and I normally do this is my shout
out to you although thank you for
watching and supporting and everything
yeah yeah Alda you're a cool guy thanks
for out i'm doing say right now yeah so
i hope this makes up for it I did it
okay guys well everybody is sleeping and
that's a d end of the blog sorry there's
like so it's maybe through that wall on
through that wall I don't want to pee
loud and wake everyone up because it's
late and we gotta be up early to shoot
tomorrow so this is the end I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching today again
i'm so sorry i haven't blogged in a
while have a lot on my plate and now
we're doing this i'm gonna try to vlog
as much as I camera over here at
comic-con in san diego i think it'll be
a lot of fun so they get as for
understanding because i know you do and
i'll see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
here in this picture
