hey guys today is Jackie Tara Tara Tara
it's your baby shower and your baby
shower and your there comes drop here
comes trouble
but we got everything being set up here
and then here
look at all this goodies and the cute
says smell the poo their poo brownies
yeah
finally it's normally a poo look at this
we should keep this we should keep this
in our living room yeah yeah but well I
don't think we should actually keep
something this size yeah big giant
cappuccino machine that's cool people
are signing to show up now
well I found you guys hey hello hi hi I
wanna get an omelette I know this
ordered why did you
I'm so excited they didn't really care I
was like guys I'm gonna order knowledge
okay what kind
um here we can go check out he's making
it right now yeah see this is my friend
Nicki Marron oh we're better I gotta get
an omelet I'm gonna get an omelet yeah
some bacon in it
yeah no no no that's good it's good yeah
but was that nice yeah regular eggs
perfect
I don't know what's going on
hey Riley I'm down the blog and Hannah
davon tell your baby I put on the up
whatever side here I want a cappuccino I
did I know looks like she pooped we
should take a brownie and just bump into
her better knowing on the back
how many except you
did you like your country I did whatever
in diapers why is your face white why
you don't have a girlfriend you give
white stuff on your face all the time
man he's trying to practice for
girlfriends Oh everyone hates me
yeah yeah hey this way means that she
doesn't have to go to that wait wait oh
hey ladies look at me oh so embarrassed
no I don't think so
I need more abundantly wait which way is
I have a diaper cake is like a month
what are you doing
this is look like
depends
people hold it now you have to cry like
a baby
here in this picture
I think your baby has a oh let's put it
work me pull up here up here so pizza
just showed up to our place and guess
what we didn't order it but there was a
phone number on the receipt and I typed
in their phone number in my phone and it
says Roman Atwood Thank You Roman now I
got to pay 80 bucks for pizza
what time what's the works it's
everything
Thank You Roman for ordering pizza as
well but I have to pay here you go
so do you hear $20 deert wait oh excuse
me miss could you didn't have the money
I know I had to borrow money for my
grandmother thank you Roman
thank you thank you I'll get I'll pay
you back round thank you yeah look at
what you did that you turn you into a
pizza party Harry worth it happen
everyone's enjoying the pizza now thanks
Roman
thank you thank you thank you Raj yeah
no you should take Mike here's here's
the change back okay I'll give you the
money don't worry I know Roman will give
you the money
Roman thank you for giving us a pizza
party
we really appreciate oh yeah oh yeah you
got that girl you got that you got that
camera Shanna you got some competition
here okay is she's switching legs is
what good check out the other one okay
I'm good no she wants this one will she
do it to me no your girl Hannah just
want some lovin too
okay guys well it's getting late and
everything's done now I have to tell you
one thing so I know some of you don't
watch it all the way through and so you
got a bad so you're not gonna know what
really happened but for those of you
that are listening now you can correct
those in the comments that say all that
was fucked up Roman well I called Roman
and it was not Roman okay it was not
Roman at all that did the pizza thing
someone had stole his information or
something like someone that knows his
information did that and had it sent to
me and the only reason like it would be
funny normally but the thing that pisses
me off about it is like I don't even
care that they did that's his name
that's fine but like I could normally
turn away the pizza guy but that means
they're out they just made food and
they're out 60 to 80 bucks so like if
you want to make a joke like I was even
talking to Rome and he's like dude if it
was me that sent it like the joke would
be that surprised pizza party on you
like you didn't know but it would have
already been paid for not like Oh
surprise pizza pay for that shit so
that's I don't like is don't mess with
someone's business those people with the
pizza like I don't care it came but I
don't care that that if I did turn him
away because I didn't order pizza they
would have lost out of business lost
some good money and the guy in his time
to deliver so that's not cool to do just
saying but anyway guys I did have fun
today and everyone had a good time
all my friends did that came and I hope
you guys enjoyed watching it and being
part of this day they let my family with
my family and our friends and got to
share this experience so I guess is it
I'm gonna go to bed I'm really tired so
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye I need to figure out how to use
the TV here so I called the repairman
I'm almost dead you almost done oh yeah
I got it it's kind of a mess
looks like I got there it is
