hey guys it's a new day today
and we're starting off to a little bit
of an annoying problem but it's not a
problem we can't fix and what that issue
is is that I get an email whenever
something is going to be sent to me from
UPS and it said it was delivered but I
went to the door and there was a tag a
door tatak tag the Jimmy would try to
call me they always do that it is like I
don't even try but I think that the
really cool thing was in the email I get
it tells me who sent it and I'm not
expecting anything but it said that it
was from Nintendo of America what I want
to know whether you sent me so we're
gonna go pick it up I think it's attic
cleaners yeah but it does mean a
hallmark cleaners yes so just like
there's like leave your package that's a
cleaner that's like we need to get that
dry-cleaned yeah and it says on the door
slip that they left it at Hallmark
cleaners not even not like the UPS Store
everybody s door knowing to be there for
seven calendar days real clean I'm
getting really green all Markley that's
how I clean it here it is okay wait
other entrances in the back right this
is interesting to get the package
yes yes you have to take this path to
get to the back here we go yeah wait
we're still coming to cleaners to pick
up a box from Nintendo yeah okay for you
I have a record yeah okay I'm right
there okay is my ID we are you gonna
take it okay bye bye thank you
you got me a lollipop thank you ah when
I pick the wrapper
that was weird how are you going back
through the weird alleyway yeah we would
put the boxer down uh-huh
I can't see below the box this thing's
here I got it I got it but first of all
that's a lot of almost straight down my
throat
Andrea's got to go home and feed her
rabbit so she needs food time to go to
the pet store this is the new style
right
so think about a rocking that on the
runway yeah look nothing there's nothing
else around me this was like just pure
fun while we're here and there's we'll
get a drink
primal raw goat milk
mmm specifically and I think I think if
I drink Parliament I remember yeah you
might like that I don't know here does
not pursue me and I'm sure like
metabolize benefit we will open that
package from Nintendo when we get home
although we are just not home yet we're
running a few errands and stuff done day
we're getting things done and there's
something that I've been wanting to get
and we are going oh there's a car coming
but I'm waiting for this parking so out
of your parking spot I've been getting
in their car for like 10 minutes don't
you hate that when you when they go they
know that someone's waiting and they're
just not even trying yeah anyway I'm
excited for this next purchase and you
guys will see why you guys have seen and
a lot of recent stuff that I've been
pushing my twitch really hard and as a
reason for that I think a lot of you and
a lot of other people kind of associate
twitch with being only gaming and they
have these other categories now that are
like IRL which stands for in real life
which is like livestream vlogging and
I've been trying to do more that I want
to start walking the street the problem
is you need a phone to do the streaming
and a phone to hold to read the chat so
I'm actually on my way to get a second
phone so I could do that with you guys
and start doing live blogging as well as
this blog but I think it's worth it you
guys will be able to see like a lot of
behind the scenes stuff sometimes I feel
like we missed good content because we
don't pull out the camera but if we're
constantly live-streaming
we don't miss anything Verizon this
would be my first like Verizon product
yeah no my current iPhone is AT&T and
there's some areas HTTP works better in
some areas Verizon works out here
actually like specially on the code
Verizon is a better dish have more
coverage there so I figured having my
AT&T one and adding a Verizon one will
make it so I can get covered anywhere
and stream from anywhere so rather than
just getting another iPhone I figured I
was dip into that new sa plug damn
that's just so pretty that screen
everything is a plus and I say hmm you
want the chips you want a lollipop
do you our water okay
good catch and really you should check
out the that's a flat man I like the
wallpaper on this as they we are all
done now it's time to head back and open
presents because we have this we have
the box from Nintendo which I'm not sure
what that is and I thought packets just
came from twitch here it is like it to
peel this off get down oh look at that
that camera is sick fit it into the case
super slick Breda livestream so make
sure you follow me on twitch is
twitch.tv slash Alex Mandel or you get
the Twitter because if you have the
twitch up you could just look up Alex
right now before we get to the Nintendo
box
let us open this which this is from
twitch and there's a girl that I used to
go to college with and I haven't talked
to her since then and she recently like
a few days ago reached out to me was
like hey I actually I've been seeing you
streaming I work at twitch right what
she's like yeah we want to send you like
a some some some cool stuff swag I was
like yeah sure
scare my address and this box shut up I
don't know what they said
but this is from twitch first things
first
a twitch keychain ooh
twitch stickers sticker me that I gave
them my son so I know they had to send
me some clothes too nice
I got a twitch t-shirt yes
another twitch t-shirt see like I like
that they sent both because I like this
but I would like wear this like live
streaming some like this but I would
just wear this all the time because I
worked our colours and every night that
this is just genuinely fixture both of
these are I know twitch is all about the
purple that's cool here's wet shirt Oh
sick this is sick this is awesome I
really like this one shit this note came
along with it from my friend Charlotte
she's an Alec enjoy the swag if you're
ever in San Francisco and would like a
tour of twitch headquarters let me know
Charlotte yes I will say right now yes
and thank you so much Charlotte
everything I would love to do that
hey Andrea I'm going to go to San
Francisco I don't know I'm going to San
Francisco soon and now we have this boss
from Nintendo I need a knife one second
I didn't cut anything like that nice
there we go
that's the way to do it
listen what is this
from Nintendo I'm gonna take a peek
first because I want to see although I
did what what a Nintendo switch
what oh my god I've been going to stores
and trying to get it and I can't get my
hands on them what these men these are
in yet in Tendo Powerman
Mario Kart eggs a lot what
Zelda breath of the wild what that is
amazing it is worth going to home or
cleaners or for mark wieners where you
get your Nintendo switch
we could play Mario Kart on my TV
because I can plug in the switch into
the TV but instead we're just going to
play right on the device itself
yes I'm in first right now no I'm in
second I'm in fourth
bullying back in first the best she
landed right in front of me as a shot
like reading show you twice I mean
Monica I don't get that screw that we
here we go very first this thing is so
awesome
I mean imagine just playing it like at a
restaurant or on an airplane or anything
we probably we have so many TVs here we
probably should plug it in yes I just I
like to play like kind of fun okay guys
I'm about to actually go for a walk with
Richard we're going to livestream that
my inspiration for doing that lies to
stuff kind of came from one a lot of
people if you guys have been onto which
have been asking me to do it but - I
think they've been asked me to do it
also because I've been a fan of ice
Poseidon whose was recently banned on
Twitch and now is on YouTube and Andy
Milonakis and I think it's just super
cool what they're doing and I'm like oh
that just looks like so much fun to be
able to walk around and bring all you
guys with me so we're about to go do
that and that's where I'm going to wrap
this up so hope you guys enjoyed
watching and please go check me out over
there so we could all hang out more and
on that note I will see you guys again
soon goodbye
good well I'm stuck I am pushing buttons
on here it does absolutely not I have
like no service
