hey guys so I'm working out with break
right now and we got a new video we're
working on today and it's pretty awesome
to say what you think you're doing sir
you can't film here whoa hey I'm allowed
to film you they're not allowed to film
here and you cannot feel me an officer
of the law so to cut it off I swear to
God if you keep filming no blogging area
yeah we got the cop car backup car and
got me dressed like this now what could
we possibly you are officer Calhoun I'm
officer Calhoun here's the deal you
Punk's better step skateboard else I'll
pull this bad boy out and start plugging
holes and people we should actually just
have you like when we're done with the
video you just keep the uniform will
just go mess with people yeah exactly
just once and Quahog PD this is gonna be
a lot of fun you guys definitely see
this just come right here to the red
line yeah he's just gonna make a wide
turn
shooting out here by the beach that's
right
I'm a police department officer sir I'm
gonna have to ask you to use a
metropolitan protected rezoned
oh is that why we have to change the
decals on the car so the car is real we
just have to fix it in the morning
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome
there's a lot of fun today get to play a
cop yeah what for let's be cops director
Alex Mandel yeah yeah
producer post challenge Kimberly sorry
what was a great day of shooting I'm at
dinner now with Forrester brain as if
wrister brain dead instead of
brinster Britisher Mandan Europe Europe
blister yeah you got busted you not
Plessy you know wet pussy table yeah
this young shy young kid was walking by
this is like a it's a glass barrier and
he's walking by because he could see
makeups from back there walking over
here he's happy caramel apple pop and
tries to run by it throw it at us right
over this completely misses us by the
way if it was you it through it you
missed us yeah yeah you didn't hit us
try harder next time
actually don't try it off if you do try
get him
no no don't hit me with call out the box
make sure that you really get it moist
and wet and disgusting before you throw
it
you're gonna make people throw gross
shit at me it's not balls to don't doubt
it like that work I need to figure out
how to use the TV here so I called the
repairman again you almost done mom yeah
I got it it's kind of a mess of it looks
like I got crack oh no or some fans
writers you just you just ruin the fans
dude I didn't do it well I have to like
me if I tweak this here there we go oh
yeah it's all like just balanced there
we go oh there we go now this is Alex's
equipment my brother loves but your age
your rap video no I made my rap video on
GarageBand yeah I didn't record it and
shot it in two hours if you guys haven't
seen it check out the 50,000 subscribers
why aren't you doing more of those I
wanted to like just do them you should
be one I'll do one with you yeah we
should we should have music videos oh my
whole family
Jake just gave mr. rom√°n brand-new
fullest
shark wheel board yeah yeah and the
wheels and everything full deck and then
apparently you guys not for me from him
he's giving these away maybe maybe we
could do a joint game yeah yeah we're
gonna do it together so you guys are
going to go to Roman's Channel and I'm
gonna give them away
actually he can't even figure out how to
give those away so you guys can send me
ideas and I'll tell him cuz I I got
Romans phone number maybe we uh maybe we
do a local boy I like just four people
right here and drive it to them now they
meet you at your office
Oh meet me at my house yeah it's okay I
know a lot of you guys already meet me
at my house yeah actually Jake run over
shark mail gave Harvey his own shark
wheel chew toy see and Harvey is
obsessed with it
he bites the thing but now he doesn't
know what's it what's a regular schedule
what's his two toys the he right away it
goes for Robins board who wants to chew
it here you go here you go buddy see how
much he loves it
we are yeah he chased the skateboards
it's funny what you got in your mouth
boy oh now you got the shark wheel yeah
see I wasn't lying he does play with the
shark girl he just didn't want to at the
time everything I tell him to do he kind
of does the opposite
he's a puppy he loved oh my god he was
gonna hit me so you have to just yeah
but in space can't get any flatter you
licking the board you licking the
Sharpie logo oh hey stop freaking stop
okay Jake Angela and I are out of here
and Romans going to hang out here and
then oh don't forget your board
no no because that light over there I
don't want to I don't know
it was so scared of you I mean okay guys
well I slept on the couch all night I
didn't sleep in my room I slipped on the
couch all night with Harvey because I
woke up at like 4:00 in the morning I'm
like oh what am i doing he was just
sleeping on my stomach so yeah we had a
sleepover
yeah he's hungry now anyway I'm gonna
edit this I'm gonna get this up I'm
gonna start a new vlog and I'll see you
guys tomorrow goodbye you got all your
soap on you yeah
