hey guys do you know what time it is
here that echo because of in the
bathroom and I'm about to take a knock I
take a shit I'm actually going to give
mr. Harvey a bath I haven't given it
back yet he smells like urine yay so get
ready for about I never gonna bounce I
don't know what he's gonna do work I was
gonna react but you don't even know
what's coming buddy he's bugging you
clean up good buddy in you go okay oh
you know what makes you got oh oh you
want to like let it come out you're
going to be cleaning in during a clean
man did you smell it
and first time oh you look like you like
it you like it yeah man yeah man you're
gonna be clean there's no way I'm gonna
put his puppy shampoo I'm all i'm
blogging as well so let me let me set
you up baby cleaning you got all your
soap on you
I thought he'd be much worse taken aback
but he's actually kind of enjoying it
right but not to play these nine trying
to jump out right now he likes it he
likes this massage I wish someone with
leather me with shampoo yay you're all
clean bud you're clean nice clean help
with your tiger stripes yeah my little
tiger party revive our tiger yeah first
bath down and he wasn't difficult and
all mr. re thank you so much for making
that easy for me wish I could've showed
you the whole thing but I can't wash and
block at the same time down here at
third street promenade and I came down
here to meet up with a buddy of mine you
guys may know him you may know his
channel overboard humor under pressure
not the under pressure nothing really
well he blogged me and just kept it on
me and didn't say anything but do you
have anything you want to say
yeah and see that's why I like hanging
out of him because he always has the
best advice on everything
gender
all those price Mel good now take one
thanks man thank you sir I just wanna
fry
you know if you're hungry you just gotta
you gotta work for you just got to take
people's food I actually want to eat
food that's been eating my son else but
if you want a fry one did you're asking
where he is taken i just took it i gave
me the worst look every tricare oh the
kid that I just stole the fry from is
literally got the Santa Monica like
control and it's following us and wants
to get them travel literally as we
walked past she's like what do you want
me to do I can't do anything to them
while we want passing but he took a
fried he filmed me I'm sorry well okay
okay if I I know I'm gonna get hate from
you guys if I was walking with a box of
fries and so to go to me I'd be really
pissed but the same time there's it's
funny right and he only had a few left
so I mean I left him at least one he's
probably saving that really long one for
the end and you ate it yeah oh I feel
like such an asshole I was like hiding
yeah stay really end yeah i just wanted
to do like stealing people's food you
know I've seen that hardik before on
YouTube and I was like hey I want to try
it right well now you're heading back to
back home yeah yeah since our cave to
the Batcave well i'm going to Harvey's
house Harvey service my bulldog so
Harvey's taken over now I'm gonna go
back home we're gonna mow mow I'm honest
can you get exactly yeah no I didn't
forget everyone should follow by my
Bulldogs just at Harvey bulldog see look
at me plugging it right there but hey
they should also well what do you want
them to check out your blog to know you
can check out both I guess what how
would I put both blinks in my
description just put this video just put
this video in my video okay yeah yeah i
will use video little lick these well
are you gonna get yours up like tomorrow
yeah yeah okay cool then we will link
that this gift for you or the board
Charles I will I'm gonna wear these next
time I see you you better have those on
well this is this is what I'm getting
comments about red shades I'm not I'm
gonna wear these especially excited meet
up oh well now you're filling my hands
peace out bro yeah I'll see us we're
taking off oh yeah I'm heading up this
way I guess tell the list I say bye they
all just kept blocking I gotta head up
this late but I'll talk to you later
let's see you time to head back home
every just sits here and watches yay
watches the food network on her iPad
chef at buddy yeah when they hit show
the food on the iPad I wish I got it he
like lunges at it to try to bite the
ipad to eat the food you little fatty
fatty so funny right when he shows up
late a foot Harvey so fun I me Oh such a
funny die what are you trying to go
Harvey you fighting on me close no you
travel doc yeah yeah he's taking me your
luggage geez is that ok guys lots all I
have for you today and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and tomorrow I got work but I
will still try to get you guys the
middle booted yo yeah so I hope you guys
you guys enjoyed it home he has enjoyed
it how many times am I gonna say that I
might I say it again that was the last
time ok so
I guess I'll just see you guys tomorrow
hopefully goodbye thanks buddy awesome
dude where'd you get off I didn't me to
do there's a big part
