hey guys I'm about to go meet up with
Dennis Rudy and we're gonna go shoot one
of his how to prank videos I mean open
them now and we're gonna go down to
probably third Streeters in like that
just I guess just wrestling to do so I'm
gonna meet up with him now just got to
third street with ramen ah yes and way
so much so much you got so why got the
old itsy bitsy spider the classic today
actually got taken down really yeah why
because we Frank this guy's so hard
against so pissed happened to be a
teacher his reaction was incredibly I'm
sure his students were like oh look at
like mr. so it's even poured his face
really until to recognize his voice went
viral ah he goes deleted delete that
video right now he's like yelling at
Roman across the oh the mall the mall Oh
slow with school I'm ever seeing that
video yeah that was funny
yeah well here on come on yeah we're
almost done here almost done right now
we go creator also we ain't done till 11
in the morning that's him saying yeah
we're almost done it's actually we're
switching off right now I'm dropping oh
really Alex already got great reactions
to it I'm excited about it I'm gonna I'm
gonna make sure they watch your video
cuz you shan't Elmo's like don't watch
any of Dennis's video haha but today
this time I'll be like not Dennis just
met Harvey for the first time dude
stuffs oh dude also telling everybody
the best way to stop a dog from
attacking you is a scratch from around
with abundant he's good but he's doing
circles he can't handle did they don't
know their brain just turns up oh I got
him a new toy like it tells you guys
every time to go to the store get a new
toys and he has like teething bones but
he eats them all so I got him a rubber
thing with these two for his guns dogs
awesome he is awesome what your toys not
right now bro Harvey's the man's these
spots are beautiful here
your heart is awesome dog bro look out
he place fish yeah ah come on nope pick
it up pick it up this dog is so good
dropping it already it's a little bit
big but he'll grow into that because
he's gonna he's a little bit his paws
are huge oh yeah I can't wait to see him
try to get back stay you buddy thank you
buddy here watch this Harvey Harvey
we're here Harvey look at me oh no he's
gonna take your camera hey Harvey Harvey
look sit Harvey you gotta look at me
Harvey look at this sit good boy good
boy good boy he doesn't know how to
shake you I'm about to teach him he's
only three months but he's potty-trained
he's awesome watch it gets the scar
healing or something small year by three
months man I'm see a toy okay bring it
back to tennis can't figure that pan he
won't grab the middle which is the
smallest party grabs the ends hey thanks
buddy awesome dude would you get off I
didn't there's a big fire he loves to
play with everybody when Harvey has to
pee or shit he walks straight to the
elevator and knows that season winter is
like iron block we gotta go out
he knows exactly where to go how else do
I need a beer I got you a beer these
pussies are poppers it's a poppy don't
it's poppy it's paki that bottle oh I do
I want to show you guys a really cool
bottle opener that I have others like
goals yeah I know it's really about
let's sit down the beer ready see this
on top whoa that's great success yeah
they're awesome each other's guys for
those who don't know I used to be or I
still am a bartender but I used to work
in restaurants I like that and everyone
had regular bottle openers but the cool
thing about this I brought it just for
fun one time so I got it as a gift and
when you have like a bunch of it was
really cool people loved it because when
they would order like 10 beers and I'd
open them I go like this oh I would just
go and open up all the beers and it's go
there you go that's a cool glass I know
yeah but the thing is if someone just
happens to touch the glass then it
spills everything out yeah but at least
it glasses right it dropped on the floor
it does you see no I yeah I just figured
I'd show you that cool bottle you ask
you how much gonna be really about my
buddy David just got here hello and then
we finished the how-to part of the prank
reassuring so bye no yeah dennis is
heading back right now to go eat with
trace face which was Tracy excellent
entry can't wait yeah yeah we all wanted
to join the test like know you guys
aren't avoided I can't say I what's
going on I have no teeth
play our CD box see delcia he sounds
good obviously Carmen he's finally
leaving now it's time for some beers
I'll not have any pretty much it let's
just know that you'll have to do that
only but I have anything on there it's
getting ready this what is that right
but I don't want to knock it into it
wait where'd it go oh sorry take it out
first you don't need it normally you
could do it really fast but I'm afraid
of it flying off like it did because I
don't want Harvey to eat them he eats
everything right now I'd try not to
include his shoelaces that he's teething
and just a fun fact english bulldogs
typically teeth for like a full first
year rather than just like a few months
so try to teach him now that that's not
okay there's no okay buddy you can't
teeth okay okay
what you try to can't walk through the
don't fit no oh and now you're cheating
on that don't do that don't eat on that
at all that's why i buy him a new toy
all time because he's like Oh new toy
new to a new Toyota camp board and I get
him a new toy spoiling I ended up not
really editing last night I wanted to
but I had some beers and went to sleep
but i'm up now he's eating his breakfast
mr. Harvey he can eat EG cycloid but
yeah so i'm gonna edit it now i want you
guys to check out the video that i
helped Dennis with the how to prank for
the spider is now up while I'm doing
this so I'm going to put the link to
that video in the description yes in the
description below so make sure you check
that out and I'm in it doing some of the
pranks with him so yeah make sure you
check that out and then I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye and today
we're doing a break oh yeah I thought
you're gonna do me in the buzzer yeah
way too much energy fits really well
we've been drinking the coffee that
that's coming out in the man I wanted
one I'm coffee guy Oh
