hey guys I'm about to go out and shoot
some stuff a break when is your day oh
you say that leaving you spell it's
leaving someone's gonna take care of you
while I'm gone so I'm gonna take care of
you man I'm gonna figure you I know I
know anyway I'll see him as soon as I
come back I'll pick him up and you can
have a good time all the way yeah I hate
leaving him well not maybe here but I
hate yeah I hate being away from him
right man who just used look in my legs
anyway have to work what could we be
filming can't wait to show you guys this
one this one will be fun now mr. Kevin
yes excited that's all I'm very excited
about this prank this is gonna be a very
good Frank it's a lot of Chunin for
everyone tell them exactly what we're
doing weeks well we can't do that i mean
we can tell you that this prank is gonna
be amazing and there's stuff that's
happening right now just off camera yeah
show you I know I'm like looking but i
can't i can't turn the camera right but
I should be more we artwork we're
underneath the Yellow Sea a street
bridge in beautiful downtown Los Angeles
neither one of them I Alex or myself
have not been stabbed yet by homeless
people so that's nice
I waited inside three times there's
don't like they just don't like you oh
man oh wait wouldn't that mean they
don't like you they like me describing
is a sign of love oh it is yeah shit now
I feel left out yeah nobody loves you
324 for speed right I want you guys to
see this apparatus on what it's called
check this out
cool guys
literally the a-team audience is going
what the hell kind of prank are they
doing with a man handler and the funny
thing is that's not part of the prank
that's just what it's called yeah which
I found very strange yeah if you ever
going to go down into a sewer you get
lower with a man handler hey buddy I how
are you how are you buddy where you God
Oh Harvey Harvey Harvey come after yeah
Oh to residue oh my god you're attacking
me you're attacking me he's attacking me
you're attacking me mm I'm gonna fight
you at kisses this is my love this is my
love puppy I love being here what do you
mean I'm out for a walk with her Harvey
in the neighborhood and I'm bumping into
a ticket and smile more yeah they just
hanging out and in the area thank you it
was nice to meet you see it come on
Harvey let's go back let's go back I
always enjoyed meeting people that are
fans though come on let's head back when
I go to the supermarket to get stuff i
have to now check out the dog i'll and
get him some some toys different time
try to spoil him I got here my new ball
it says special shapes that help his
teeth while he's teething I guess he's
teething good
your teeth hurt your gums hurt yeah
let's show them your new ball let's show
them your new ball there's a cool ball
right Arnie that's a cool ball and about
this ready gosh go get it go get it yeah
go get bring back come on mr. RV bulldog
hey you are good boy you're good boy
good boy he loves getting new toys don't
cha feel mr. Hornstein hey Harvey Harvey
mr. Harvard Oh someone's tired you bit
my knee yeah he's beast is he doing
going after my knee he's teething right
now so Jake's knee is really good to
chew on right Oh sometimes he's so lazy
he does he want to put his tongue back
in his mouth I if I see him doing it
I'll show you guys it's really funny
just it's really funny I'll show you
wait here's a tug here's the tongue why
you guys you talk about giving you
kisses all right sir oh look this fat
belly so much cuter in person you think
you I know you guys got to see him in
person yeah and cat on camera but you
are so the gigantic no heartbeat you
should just pause a huge he's got real
big boy and baby boy no baby boy yeah
I'm excited to announce that Harvey has
gained his balance right you look you
hanging out by yourself you even got
your bounce rolling back and forth
you're okay and now he can he can
properly try to ride a skateboard while
it's moving that's just to hear you hop
up okay good Jake you take it
let's show them your skills show me your
skills ready army weekend
okay and on your uh your honor up all by
yourself all by yourself he's killing it
oh shit you doing good like three months
old and he's learning all these tricks
he's already potty trained he's just a
happy dog clearly I didn't feel like
editing last night so I didn't so I'm
just gonna be kind of my second day
going on and today we're doing a break
oh yeah I thought you're gonna do me in
the bus yeah way too much energy fits
really well we've been drinking the
coffee that it's coming out of the man I
want one I'm a coffee guy o.o about to
film this yeah this is a fight fighting
what they do is they bring crack books
drinking yeah crack bugs black fox
starbucks oh crap bucks crack those tech
bugs of that or a grasshopper poking
some crap rocks ya going you shouldn't
show drugs on my I should yeah don't
show drugs okay all i'll edit that out
man canon by the way 18 this is not
crack okay it's actually just mess we're
gonna have a fun day shooting out here
in Santa Monica dude just got this
really gay com
would you buy was it a solstice morning
actually it's a saturn sky Scott uh yeah
that's pretty awesome skies like sky
literally let me tell you something some
people say the vet get some wet uh-huh
not true I drive this thing down women
are literally just like throwing their
phone and while he's talking about dudes
Vitali caught me that Vitaly taught me
that trick yet you know what you don't
even need to say anything italia taught
me that yeah Batali just gonna pull yeah
yeah get it I do that to my pants too i
just point in my pants and it never
works though we're in the middle of
shooting right now Kevin's out here on
the corner where where you are you
behind the trip there you are yes and
we're shooting out of the van right here
to tell him what happened to Austin Oh
awesome lean back in the middle of
shooting lean back to sit on the cooler
except somehow the cooler got moved and
he just SAT back that's right back the
middle shooting and then not only that
but in the middle of a prank a car pulls
up like hey Kevin and it was mystery
guitar man yes which was awesome and so
I just tweeted him I was like yeah you
totally just spoiled our breath but it's
always awesome to have that kind of
stuff happen it's fun but yeah oh I
think we're about to get another
reaction so Kevin's about to screw with
some more people let's do this I'll tell
you guys what practice is little later
check it out yesterday you did seem
yesterday often the thing is though is I
haven't I haven't edited as well get so
you're gonna be in the same one twice
right now here are you the sauce out
you're pregnant no no we were just came
from alex's house oh you came from my
place won't be way that but isn't it
great when completely random strangers
know exactly where you live
oh my god wait you that's hilarious yeah
hilari I know wait how did you know we
were gonna be out here are you sorry cuz
your Instagram the game would take your
elf Dennis yeah you know the path noise
that I make I was just doing on some
chicken suit show up by the way i think
i think i read someone's like the story
it's like big do it
I hang up on me I'm gonna go get lunch
we should all get a picture yeah yeah
sure do it Kevin made a stop over here
and target look see and you can see
other people I on your desk I think of
shit oh my god why we're looking we're
looking for a doll right now oh here we
go Kevin lost his doll and he's like
yeah I need a new one okay Kevin have a
baby now we have raging actually this
one's pretty good that's a good-size
baby k lost his blow-up doll creepiest
baby toy every alias watch what happens
if you squeeze it up focus
stalking squeeze and mothers please
which is the biggest bullshit like what
about dads they're expecting a kid
well
so creepy we just wrapped on today with
Dennis that was great I last person that
we pray Jesus yelling you scumbag I can
hear around the court and some guy
shoving you oh my god this is gonna be
great this one's a rough one so this
will be great this was more of a social
experiment than a prank but I'll tell
you is more balanced oh my god I'm
excited about that this is the same
Frank I did on my how to prank swear I
haven't put it up yet but I got
disorderly conduct for this time I don't
think we didn't we had to translate we
went to like three different locations
because cops got called at the other two
so far man we're done i'm back at my
place now and jake just got here he was
taking care of mr. Harvey is it four
steps come on down you could go up but
you can't go down arnie come on baby
come on try it try it try it I want them
to watch oh you doing it good come on
let me so cool trophy for summer I know
you're scared Harvey come on here Jake
come over here we'll both we'll both
call him for the sinzi Harvey one buddy
come on show me you could do it laughs
he's never done it he has never gone
down a stair you have to it he's scared
come on Harvey you need to learn how he
goes up them and then get stuck and I'm
like you have to learn how to have my
dad working you heard about help hurry
come here come on come on come on come
on me and supper go what come on
what
these aren't gonna help no no no come on
come on down yeah yeah you got it you
got it you got it you got you go come on
Twitter you could do it you could do it
Harvey we just try come here one hyster
look he has no problem coming up I mean
it none of them being a little bit fat
hey Harvey will you at least try to
follow me down here what if I oh yeah
you did it so easy that time you did it
so easy you to be man he went from so
scared to just cruise him down and like
to nothing sometimes he just needs to be
shown what to do he's a smart man Miss
Moore man did my mustache fixed
everything up put some jeans on and I'm
ready for Main Street drink to that
ding oh it's like that's what does a
cool color mix yeah we should layer that
at some point I'd be pretty sweet yeah
yeah my screwdriver I really strong the
screwdriver actually tastes delicious it
tastes good too but there's a lot like
watch this is actually really good well
let's tell them what it is where is it
okay and ba gua is from Bolivia and this
is gonna sound bad but this is badass I
need a minute maid light 15 color oh
you've you added the pink lemonade to it
yeah two parts that one part of this oh
really good yeah it's from Bolivia agua
and what is what's new to watch my
calorie count mache exact utilities
cocaine comes from the plant coca and
coca leaves are chewed like in Bolivia
they take off the leaves they chew them
and it sounds bad but it pretty much has
like the same effects as caffeine the
reason why cocaine is so bad is because
it's a very extracted purified form of
terrible drugs usually as cover the
disgusting stuff yes the leaves on the
other hand amazing I'm not are not even
if they're made into a liquid form I'm
not even banned so this is actually coca
leaf liqueur which is pretty cool as
liquor is made from the leaves of the
coca plant what is used to produce
cocaine fun fact interesting it actually
tastes good and
I like it tastes great yeah check it out
goodbye me what you like popped up late
oh that's right I'll see you Mike oh do
I feel like a mess right now I am
exhausted from the three days of
shooting all day each day and waking up
early make sure however is taken care of
and then not gonna lie kind of drunk
right now I'm definitely gonna sleep
right now still going to wake up early
in the morning to take Harvey out but
then after he goes out he usually comes
into bed with me and then we just sleep
for a little bit longer because he loves
to sleep and I love to sleep we're like
we're both like two fat English bulldogs
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and tomorrow I don't have work so i will
vlog and i will see you guys again
tomorrow dubai hey hey yeah
