hey guys and you Harvey how are you
what are you bud I got a head into
working a little bit buddy I'm not gonna
be gone that long does I'll be back and
my sisters that you to take you out
they're gonna take your own walk look at
how excited he looks right Harvey okay
guys well today's gonna be good day
right right Harry
right you fine sleep and there's my
father I don't know why he does this but
Harvey is obsessed with just hanging out
under chairs no matter what the chair is
you you enjoyed that Harvey yeah okay he
literally went from that chair to that
one and we just came from a restaurant
and he hung out under my chair the whole
time he just likes to to do that I don't
know I think it's a pretty it's a
shelter thing our legal department says
we want a record of what happened or
what you guys said so it's also worried
about a brownie
it's a good thing we didn't go with my
idea it's just part of doing pranks are
you are you enjoying it though you
enjoying it's official you have the
world's cutest dog
well Kevin just met Barbie you can't be
chewing on my shoe he's teething right
now hey come here Harvey Harvey Harvey
now he thinks it's a game Harvey Harvey
Harvey look at this look at this look at
this ready go go get it okay we're gonna
get your young okay come on Harvey let's
go he's gotta learn the teeth on his
toys not on shoes yeah of course I just
missed it he always brings that he does
bring his toys back look if you take a
toy out of his bed he's very OCD about
it you'll get it yeah Harvey bring it
back put it back in your bed there you
go
he's very good about that he doesn't
like any of his toys any to be anywhere
else but that bed you tired buddy
someone come say hi come say hi come on
say hello Harvey loves women everybody
Harvey's the new star of the show yeah
you start people like him way more than
me I got a few people there just waiting
stop fucking vlogging and you stick your
camera on the dog yeah can you put a
webcam in his in his room yeah are you
making a present for Romy
Oh UPT UPT I thought you were pooping
for them I was gonna bring it up in a
bag and give it to him as a gift you
sure you don't need a poop friend Roman
wants to get a picture of him skating
with mr. Harvey the perfect way so much
all right Kelly might need to give you
having me give me a little push nothing
I'll stay there stay there stay on there
he enjoys it
are we taking photos he was gonna take
it on his own he was yeah he was ready
he does enjoy it what are you doing this
boat bullshit
hey those are the wheels Harvey sorry
these vlogs I'm sorry
yes wait what's wrong I don't fucking
guys either come on mr. Harvey gives you
a sound no hard rubbish he's gonna jump
off yeah yeah but you gotta you got to
get out of the way Kevin because he'll
you'll be in the shot me some clips
Harvey connect photos what Harvey yeah I
could get him he's going after the
camera yeah he does enjoy being on the
board Roman and Brittany both gave
Harvey love on their instagrams and
check this up he has broken 1,000
forecast motherfucker he broken 1,000
followers
Oh 1010 follow Harvey bolejack hardy
bull done I'm gonna be really depressed
man hard
surpasses me on Instagram probably
follow wait how many follows you beat
Kevin brewing hurry Bulldogs destroy ya
Rahil stones santa monica okay guys well
it's all I have for you today
I just put Harvey to bed Isla he's
sleeping I know some of you guys saw me
saw his Instagram that he had posted a
picture of him in my bed but just so you
guys know he doesn't sleep in my bed at
night he just comes and cuddles in the
morning because if there's ever a night
I'm not with him or anything that I have
to be out I don't want him to have
separation anxiety it's not good for
dogs so he does have his own room
and he's in there I'm like hot and I got
burned today sorry anyway but hey guys
again go check it out so crazy go check
out his Instagram at Harvey bolt huh I
push him more than I try to push me yeah
anyway guys I hope that you enjoyed
watching today had fun shooting pranks
all day with break fun hanging out with
Roman and Brittany and Kevin and was
have a good time so yeah that's that's
it that's all so I will see you guys try
to see you guys again tomorrow goodbye I
want you all to meet Harvey Harvey
there's a good buddy
Oh
