hey guys i am just getting to Jake's
place at his parents place not the one
you guys know but uh yeah he's staying
here so i am just meeting up with him
and then I think we're gonna go on the
boat on my boat to grab dinner so that's
always fun you guys go swimming yeah I
think go swimming I want to shit I want
to show you guys the water's perfect
perfect I want to show you guys
something we're protecting this guy from
getting eaten by max max don't eat this
little guy check out this little guy hey
bud yes he's still alive he's just I
don't know if he's scared or he got into
some poison somewhere and he's just I
don't know it's it's kind of sad he is
alive i could see him breathing he's
here yeah he's a cute little mouth but i
don't know what to do we were thinking
of put him into the bush but I know
maybe we just leave him for now yes I
want to do something he's like moving
around a little bit moving his head I
just don't don't know what to do maybe
I'll look it up but what we should do I
don't know cuz if he ate poison what if
he ate poison and he's dying that slowly
they need to change our rat poison
because that's for a while i know i
don't know if he got into poison or
anything like that but to have a slow
death like that is i don't know if
that's what it is if he's dying or
fishes is if it is it's terrible yeah
but i will put her somewhere they'll put
him in maybe into the trail yeah so that
he can at least like you can get in by
rattlesnake well so something could
happen either that or he's just away
from the dogs attacking him I don't know
we'll figure something out we just got
out here the boat I just pulled up my
boat
to the restaurant you could order food
and then we're going to go out and set
sail there's no sale on my boat this is
slit electric one we're going to grab
food and we're going to go eat on the
other like dumplings oh I'm just turning
the boat I am vlogging we're on the open
sea yeah lunching hands and it's all
like white in the ocean I mean not ocean
flake it's not no shift there we go yeah
yeah we're on the ocean yes exactly it's
so nice out here we just finished dinner
and now I just gonna masturbate and
around the lake nothing better than that
I love it
whoo Suns going down we're back at the
docks back at the docks back dicks dicks
yeah and now that I don't have to drive
because angela is gonna drive my car
we're going to drink we wanted to try
these that well we're not going to out
of Joe the bow of line told us yes yes
Mike from love line told us to drink
does cerita that's enticing to the road
yeah doe Sarita which is like it's
actually really good it's good it
doesn't taste like like a fake margarita
type of thing it actually tastes more
like beer and I don't know if you guys
ever have seen like the margaritas and
they have the beer thing in it I don't
know that's what it tastes like it's
good anyway yeah it's good but uh we
still have a lot left and i'm i'm not
driving she's driving so now you could
take this i'm gonna drink it yes Jesus
yes yeah eyes eyes eyes
oh no one wants to have bad sex for
seven years Oh Joe me I swallowed my ice
cubes Sally's ball by the way guys I had
more in mind than theirs hey good yeah
did you didn't drink any of yours
earlier cuz i was still gave me a little
bit left over of your cam into mine so
okay i'm a little bitch yeah that's all
it takes a man all shit i just wanted
dad that's all you know what I'm gonna
drink this ready take the real man they
just blow it cool town wheels in hottest
fuck this that's fine
just wait on Alex yeah I did it no it
ain't got my finish Angela plus injuries
wait let it go try throwing your gun
will try throwing this Cup oh and I got
eliminate wait wait you still owe the
camber I just got this read all those I
need me to get out ah we haven't got a
really delicious it's really good you
guys should try it it's a taste it yeah
amazing even has a legit we got to go
home and I'm yeah we're going home now
go for it with your basketball you know
cuz it's basketball I'm gonna do a dunk
all the way from here from where Jake
you're not gonna take that doesn't work
don't try it's not gonna happen one
handed me a Georgia nowhere near do fine
just dunk it dunk it backwards dunk it
here you go boom in the house in the
house yeah I am vlogging pick that shit
for you though you pick up shit yeah
dude oh is that dogshit i'm walking on
i'm thinking shit all day ah that's
totally walking on dog shit damn it fast
i could show them what fifth verse does
richer it first oh i can't really see
here yeah oh yeah oh yeah push it out
push it out sugar in the light yeah
this way better Yeah right there be new
york Agatha six other way other way
other way what's Internet oh dear you
summon we really we actually I want to
see what fit first does what does fit
first dude we eat pumpkin pies and get
fat no I already saw I saw you push out
your belly now show how quick can you
transform somebody right how quick you
even went inside and work out chula oh
no I can't see you down there and I'm
filming your ass for challenger your
time filming you guys ok how this make
you funny you guys know you actually is
rip this shit is not help but you know
that's that doesn't work you know what
comments I'm gonna get Alex totally has
sex in Richards and so today Alex
respectively Oh Donnie's oh you gotta
see that the light way I could do the
way I can win oh my god you're doing the
wave of course I quit Richard I could
see go the way oh my god it's so weird
kind of salads it though sweetie dances
I do the way yeah that's really wow it
has got sick again I could do a titty
wave yeah I better be the first person
you text me if you had a girlfriend
season people have no faith in me I have
faith in you do you yeah yeah you and
Daniela Daniel oh and Daniel Daniel what
what about Daniel I thought you guys yes
well handled I should go Daniel yeah you
say I'm gay what you're Jewish he's
Jewish I'm Jewish something mama
gruesome yeah no one has faith in me to
find a girl ya that Alex Mandel will
have a wifey window yeah we'll have a
wifey
okay Richard well hey Richard I'm not
gonna see me I don't think I'll see
Richard tomorrow push it oh good okay
shoots going back to China your armpits
smell good my armpits smoke thank you I
know my armpits mccauley make sure that
I think this log is gonna have the most
alex is gay comments out of anyone that
you've ever had why cuz there's three
guys on a boat yeah please and do god
they're so high heat it up Jesus College
makes me anyway Richard's going back to
China tomorrow morning so he's not gonna
be back till New Year's is crazy idea
but you're going back to to China and
I'm back to China chiggity wait a second
not for you you're Chinese in Chinese
you are so I'm a lot about to everyone
yeah watching Alex yeah they use you in
about six months yep if I don't die oh
okay well on that note you'll see
bitching about six months okay guys well
I am back at my place right now and
nothing's really going on my sister's
taking the shower my other sisters sleep
in alex is on the roof I guess sitting
by the fire do whatever but I'm just
going to hang out the couch watch TV
take it easy then call it a night so
yeah I think that's the end of today
Richard won't be back for about six
months which is crazy he goes away to
China but he'll be back so hope you guys
enjoyed watching him in the vlog while
he's here he's a funny guy but yeah
that's all I got for you so I'll see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye you're
getting settled
keep so settled right now
