hello everybody I say hey guys so that
in uniform but the way I always do it
but today is the fourth of July its
independence day for the rest of you
Americans those you that are not in
America hello but today I'm waiting on
right now my sister Riley has a bunch of
friends upstairs in there barbecuing and
doing a drink getting a drink on doing
all that stuff Jackie is down here being
pregnant eating ice cream I just had
some of the the penis cookie cake tastes
great and jake a jake is on his way over
and jake and angela and they got max
with them little doggy so yeah I think
today's gonna be a good day and I
haven't been drinking yet keyword yet
you're not vlogging the best moments
right now this moment is still happening
now we already fed now is past what was
the moment I'm not gonna explain it
again I'm gonna kill it you can go
explain it by yourself no anyway look
it's still going on okay wait first of
all we got some more stuff we get we're
gonna have s'mores tonight no but look
at this it's still the moment I'm gonna
show them fucking I want all you fans
that say Alex doesn't blog enough you're
right Wow Wow way to cause a lot of hate
Angela anyway we noticed that if you buy
one of these soda things you buy two of
them and you get three full cases for
free for bike too it's America's
birthday yes
very good for thing so that was the
moment you're talking about wasn't that
a mystery you want to see something so
American where they just want to fuck
you over look at this so don't look at
this is this is a 12 pack and this is an
18 pack an 18 pack is about $24 the 12
pack is on Club price for about 13 bucks
which means for this about the same
price you're getting 24 you can pick the
18 pack so 46 less beers you pay the
same price that is so American I'm get
settled right now it ain't no wifey you
getting settled keep so settled right
now she is so subtle
so settled for you listen my sisters
does and then Jake's Jake's dog max hi
max hey what up what up what up what up
it's a doggy day out it's so cool you
could see like five different displays
from the roof you look everywhere the
spider firework displays all over all
different cities it's awesome this is
great
oh that wasn't what I was trying to blog
Oh turn on our camera Richard just lays
one no doing what are you doing good
seeing you Richard it was not good
smelling you yeah happy fourth of July
ya doing check out all right okay yeah
you leave it is your max you're not
leaving max come over here you're not
leaving
max is like oh fuck that uh I'm tired
goodnight Jacqueline time for bed I'd be
like 1220 I know I feel really lame
going to bed at midnight but I'm just
tired I'm went out I don't know i think
it's it was pretty hot today said maybe
it's the heat and drinking during the
day and stuff i don't have work all day
yeah well and and riley other sister
she's out still bars with her friends of
everything so she's doing her thing what
yeah i think i know where that mural is
yeah yeah if you guys see my Instagram
picture like the ones when I was bawling
with mustache wax or the one where I'm
holding a gun here that's in front of
this also if you guys watch Dennis's
deeds videos some maybe like two of his
videos he did the end he goes can I do
it in front of that see if I recognize
that background to which is funny it's
just a fun abstract no it looks like
drama Mad Men Billboard background yeah
it's cool i really like it I real of it
because when you like add a filter to on
Instagram makes the colors all crazy I
love it goodbye farewell well I'll give
you a call tomorrow tomorrow we call
tomorrow tell me what's going on that
puppy oh oh they don't know what's going
on with a puppy better from poky there's
no puppy but I'm gonna
yeah just give me a call later I'll give
you a call sushi yeah yeah you gotta
push a button oh you're not gonna go
anywhere yeah okay go I'll see ya
goodbye yeah anyway guys it is uh not
that late but I am gonna beat to shit
what someone's young my name anyway it's
my sister talking on the phone or
something but anyway so it's not that
late but I am actually pretty tired so I
am going to go to bed and do fun's fun
things tomorrow fun activities during
the day tomorrow so I'm gonna end this
here I'm gonna edit this and prepare
this all for you but I hope that you
guys enjoyed this vlog and I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye hey boy
just flies back through the window
