hey guys it's a new day actually today
here in Santa Monica it's like gloomy
and kind of gross
definitely not beach weather but look
you stopped by to say let's hang out
Alex actually I came by because we're
supposed to go to a show but it looks
like we're not we're just hanging out
today
someone's butthurt about it well we're
gonna go get something to eat
you guys wondering why I don't I haven't
defined but yes you're wondering why I
haven't been doing my mustache a lot
lately well cuz you guys saw that I got
the bulk order of mustache wax the thing
is those two colors that I that they
sent me were black and brown and I used
chestnut because I'm special so I went
on and I usually buy three tubes at a
time of wax so I went on Amazon in order
three three tubes of chestnut wax and it
came in and I opened it and then this
happened there's a lot of wax it turns
out that I ordered three three packs so
I have nine so you guys are gonna resume
yeah I'm the future blog yeah it's not
going anywhere
my sister just gave me gummies where is
it coming for I'm reading pregnancy
gummies are you eating your pregnancy
gonna be my pregnancy gummy
it actually tastes good how many can you
have how many pregnancy counters can
have another one tisha there's a
pregnant in there really hard no bite it
as chewy as gummy
it's actually terrible it's a little bit
grainy it's awful
near the bottle what is it for well at
least it's fiber and calcium which one
is a good really Oh another one I think
all right I like both I'm about to help
baby the biggest thing in the u.s. oh oh
you ought to vlog I'm sorry no it's okay
no I'm just saying the biggest thing
that all of America loves is a police
chase this is going on right now it's
funny Batali just lot that's him so yeah
they just that's like it's not too far
from us and they just went through
Burbank which is apart but everyone just
watches to see what's gonna happen at
the end cuz you never know what they're
gonna show on live TV rovings here right
now and Vitaly you guys decide oh I
could juggle too I'm sure
yeah because everyone knows they are
going out wait now you got to read read
those to the names on them so they know
who juggled or or who's got it juggle
David anyway yeah those are going out
but yeah they just came because Roman
was staying here he had to run out for a
little bit so here to come back after
work grab his stuff but you got
everything should be good good to go oh
that's that's nice that's nice that's my
that's my yeah you're allowed to skate
back and forth yeah I should we should
just put like obstacles inside the place
- or slalom inside here yeah it's it's
nice to skate in here right boy just
flies back through the window hey you
guys want to come to a barbecue on
Fridays there's very good Friday but
yeah baby
maybe you just said you just said if you
lie to cheat oh my cheat on you look
look at this you say I'm cheating okay
go back to your love goodbye you're
gonna get it yeah push yeah there you go
I'll see you guys later here career
animal about to go shopping with ash and
yes this is the weirdest elevator ever
rather
a button in the elevator hold the
elevator for a second you have to push
the floor first why would you push the
Fluke sometimes I get in an elevator I'm
like I don't know where I want to go yet
now that I'm in the elevator
look there's no buttons we had to pick
something did you pick something you
have to pick door closed wait did you
pick a floor out there okay well we're
going somewhere
okay well Richards here hey guys hello
and Riley and Jackie they're making
they're making a cookie cake in the
shape of Mickey Mouse right yeah yeah
it's patriotic it's it's patriotic yeah
right that's just me okay
red white and then down here will be
blue the penis where's the white
actually I think the white is up here
then the red and then the blue oh okay
well cuz I'm sure that cookie cake will
taste amazing oh my god guys I totally
screwed up cuz I meant Korean BBQ like
the amazing one Absolution us and we're
done we're done Alex I know well I'm so
really right hi she hates me because I
was I made us all late and I missed
vlogging the dinner cuz I was so into
eating cuz I badass
then Hugo is that crispy question I'm
not handling that out but anyway I'm not
ending that up you happy okay Ellen fed
up
Alex Chris Breen just rushed you there
but your spring touched you
please
so good you tend to yeah at least it was
it was so manly I don't know why I had
that duct tape it and someone
scholarship Hawkins on the side of the
other side one no no on the sidewalk so
it just stays loud exactly
I just got back to my apartment and with
Richard and Ashley I gonna take both of
them home but I see the the cookie and
because my sister's friend Riley's
friends Tess and her birthdays on 4th of
July so they were making cakes but it
says happy bday testis
the color scheme is a little different
than what she said it would be yeah but
it's okay well I think it's just cookie
cookie cake with frosting on it okay
yeah or it could be poo who knows
I just gave Richard and Ashley some
shirts to rock Richard all rib just rip
this shit
turn around Richard there's a mirror to
you yeah she's got hers anything she got
I gave her a small because she's small
Richard actually is a personal trainer
it does have a none company doing that
which is really cool so I'll show you
guys that are here is that your shirt
that you yeah that one's yours I got a
rep yours now fit first Richard sports
training chia dog yeah maybe I'll offer
those shirts for you guys as well but uh
yeah I gotta take me time okay guys
that's all I have for you I just dropped
off Richard and Ashley and I'm exhausted
with Tenzin right now it's five after
3:00 in the morning so
time to gotta go do I think everyone is
sleeping they are but it's okay because
how my girls like to I know
yeah so anyway guys I knew I've been
gone the last couple days I've been
working on crap just you know kind of
took it easy but tomorrow it's fourth of
July for me or for you guys right now
it's fourth of July while you watching
this so happy fourth of July for those
of you with the u.s. for those of you
not in the u.s. happy Monday
I mean Friday Friday who anyway yeah so
I'll be definitely vlogging tomorrow cuz
it's 4th of July for me so I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye playing
it turns out bangers okay before time
began there was one DJ holding it down
and I send this message
