how about some girls hey guys it's new
day it will get in breakfast yeah yeah
yeah yeah radda this place called blue
daisy I've never been here before but
my sister and Alex and that it's married
it's very nice and it tastes very good
they have good what do they have good
fresh creepy creepy yeah it's what he
calls crepes but except I'm not getting
that I think i'm just getting pancakes
that one's mine here thank you joined by
the other Alex thank you thank you yes
the older person that doesn't have his
food berry pancakes you you don't even
have your food no I don't come back no
eat it all yeah that's new diet just
don't eat at all after a breakfast like
that all of us scrambled back to head to
each individual bathroom to do our
business now I'm just waiting to go to
work but Roman hasn't finished his
business yet he's got plenty of business
to take care of that bathroom we just
feel it what double flush triple flush
yeah I went to work today at break and
nom de back home and I noticed that my
sister jackie has been drawing on my
whiteboard and but she it's a tribute I
think to me because it is a team and
that's her name Jacqueline so there's 18
puppy nice stash puppy nice stash now I
even have my sister Riley helping me out
we're packing up some a team shirts that
are going out and stuff you guys bought
them you're getting them really soon
because I'm going to go take these to
post office I've some more than I packed
up over there and I'm gonna go drop
these off it's closed today but I still
could drop it in the chute so I'm gonna
go drop it off and you guys can get you
a team shirts remember to send me
pictures you can either tweet them to me
tag me on instagram or send me an email
whatever you want but you're getting
your shirt suit yeah i just finished
dinner we got barbecue and I'm with mr.
John Bailey John Valley good already
okay everyone I want to tell you guys
something that I
highly appreciate but I think it's so
weird he came to join us and he paid for
Jake and eyes food but you didn't eat
anything well I had amazing food over in
boa but not with us but you were
supposed to be with us when we went out
to eat see how you treated I'm making a
peach on time well thank you so much
well guys I'm thinking him on the blog
that way all of you guys should say
thank you John Bailey for feeding alex
man down right right I'm not feeding any
of you there so oh forget that and he's
gonna cover all of your next meals so go
eat somewhere expense free water john is
a two-seater car but Jake look you nice
try I'm gonna drive I'm driving cuz I
know where to go some that's what she
said when read to my place I drove and I
didn't I couldn't see it with the seat
was really low and I like this parking
job is not good i'm not gonna not about
the shuttle ice but hell we wait we need
to let Jake out how do we do this
you guys stay girl don't hurt your claw
there you go yeah he's outside I thought
I parked like a dick check this out
I don't feel bad about parking anymore
how do you park like that really that's
ridiculous that's really bad
don't ever park like that alex is having
John record something well what is this
what is this for it's for my best
friends d Jake I thought how I want to
say they do it a draw that's going to go
on the radio okay so we got before time
again there was one DJ holding it down
and I said his message to those things
that see me seeking refuge from wack
news 'ok DJ felli fel playing that turnt
up fire in her OC that was his normal
voice oh I know I know alright so we're
gonna start this app it's awesome app
called twisted wave totally worth it so
I'm going to create a new document here
yeah paid a few thousand percent a year
down before children's what everybody
prefer would have over 20 for mono all
right here we got to see if my love only
am i good turn at the gate oh the Church
of bayer's that's it turned out bangers
i'd rather i'll try to remember the turd
tub you're looking for that with its to
double the t turn to up seeking refuge
from china bangers at all turned up
playing that turns out bangers okay
before time began there was one DJ
holding it down and I send this message
to those seeking refuge from wack music
DJ felli fel playing that turnt up fire
at power 106 I forgot another point yes
have they draw up to his brother Optimus
Prime it Robin it drop it like a chart
turn down for what turn to help for what
it is I d'aww Sunday hey hey happy
birthday max
there yeah he just he just turned older
he just turned older 3131 yeah if
someone came up to and he was I guess I
birthday and they said how old are you
he's I guess said 31 well he's actually
26 that he felt really bad about it oh
yeah next time you should just tell them
your age and you can avoid that problem
though he was keeping a secret yes
that's rebut the fluffy hey hey wait
wait don't judge me don't judge me of
you know spread legs allowed to drink
I'm actually completely sober I did my
drinking at VidCon and I haven't had one
drink they jack your flask well Jack
that shit bro hey anyway so we're gonna
head back to my personnel fucker Missy
oh let's go walk your own hand side oh I
like Richard of the background of all of
this
all right are you gonna receive look at
these two dogs they stick together you
enjoy sleeping together you enjoy sleep
with your sister yeah you don't look too
happy to be on camera you don't look too
happy to be on camera no babies trying
to hold this light let's camera hey baby
how are you oh you they get this whole
room to themselves this is this is true
and they still choose to sleep in the
bathroom that choice their choice okay
guys that's it that's the vlog for today
clearly it's the next day and look i
shaved i got a mustache something to
look forward to well hey guys yeah I
went to sleep I just didn't feel like
editing some meddling now it's kind of
late I don't care but I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye yeah you can put it on
here if you up yeah look good you know
it up burn surprisingly you would think
that since Brittany's doing it might be
birth right
