hey guys this is a great start to today
I'm just getting back from the gym I'm
in the elevator and the students it's
starting to go up to my level it went
boom
guess what I'm stuck I am pushing
buttons on here it does absolutely
nothing I have like no service I keep
trying to call my mom and it's just as
connecting because I'm too close to the
garage I don't know what to do I just
start pushing who's going to use the
date it feels like I found like I'm
gonna get prize at a carnival I'm doing
it oh there's a phone button I've never
used that really really that's good
faster are you Harvey to be here the
ding okay what should we do
I don't know what to do little bit in
here filling but at 35 minutes ceilings
a long time because it's just quiet I'm
just alone some people say it's really
cool to happen yeah still duck what
actually stuck between floors and
started going up from the garage and
then it jerked to itself is not even
highlighted okay thank you
yeah okay no it's fun oh yeah okay no
problem
yeah okay
I just feel the overcome okay hey you
got it
Cristobal we are not only okay jump out
of here no we're good
I just it started to go up I think it
went up or maybe I guess it went down or
something and then it just jerked to a
stop like it was like a sudden jerk no
no elevated to the toilet I'm pooping I
know you don't want to know this but I
thought I was going to have to in the
elevator so this is nice anyway I'm
still blogging for my phone I'm gonna go
grab the vlog camera after this it will
just continue on our day we're back on
the vlog camera probably I am back on
your back on the hook where were you
mother I don't know I was sleeping but
then he texted me and woke me up with an
accident I didn't know how to help she's
like I want to be able to help you no I
trust me you can't
would be I could like like speedy
supplies yeah she's like I mean I could
go out buy you food so that it's there
for you and it when you're out it's like
I was prison or something I was up here
trying to pry the door open and we could
sit down there like I was anyway we are
going to head out right now she's never
been to like Hermosa Beach Pier area we
just don't want to go like a nice place
hang out check out some new areas we
don't normally hang out and bring you
guys along with us maybe hang back and I
don't know she said you said he fix it
he said fix it
hello I'm scary you designate like also
and you were in there that didn't look
fall it just was like it's like it's
like a jerk right well this is all I got
at all this it was just like it like an
abrupt stop but here we are
hello friends are you
are we get out are you love it all right
you do it below and we'll be back to
okay we'll be back series we have made
it to the wall why does he have to go
die cause he could have wished this like
so much skateboarders is going closer
element you're here after most the Beach
Pier super super nice and funny so
pretty I know I had of him I was like
really hurting my head yeah it's just
such a nice area here it's gorgeous
I've never been so now I get to explore
yeah there's all these nice restaurants
the bars of everything
we haven't done it in a while like I
haven't like walked around good time I
like to explore we need to explore boy
do we definitely did for mine
aha he's looking so good results got
shot from the elevator for dancing I'm
treating of this boisterous those of our
days are spent planning out where we're
going to eat next what we're going to
eat generally should go to find good
food I mean we only had oysters we do
they only got like an appetizer from one
place an entree from another place and
dessert from three places yeah and you
know while they are you know of course
absolutely delicious they're not that
feeling
so we can eat something else I'm hungry
yeah yeah
we can never Rican never deny it like
that either
really a picture you're looking at
pictures of you
I said baby she's looking at pictures of
labia we can't just walk past a nail
salon and not go in I don't even know
how many I get a week it's so it's so
weird it's like when there's been a bar
like that so good you ready to go yeah
those are like flippity so under window
oh yeah well I mean love those but rug
loves it he was born he's a cute boy for
those of you that haven't already
checked it out I do stream a lot on
Twitch but the funny thing is she was
like yeah let me have a go at this
please play csgo and she is hooked up
seals Kelly we've actually playing a lot
she plays a lot of it not even on stream
or anything he just comes in and she
likes to shoot the chicken but if you do
wanna check out the streams you can with
just twitch TV slash Alex my mouth nice
nice you try nah
yeah all right
do you enjoy gaming hurry while she
continues to game I'm gonna go ahead and
wrap it up so that is all we got for you
for today if you guys are wondering how
I finally got in contact with the people
from the elevator I actually had to put
my phone on airplane mode and then take
it off so would search and find one bar
of service so that I could text my mom
because calls meant going through and
periodically have to do that over and
over again because it kept losing
service but I managed to get texted or
her to call the company and that's how
they knew to contact me in the elevator
and it was you know I hope that never
happens again because that was pretty
ridiculous and I told them to fix that
call button so it finally calls the
company because I think it's just broken
in there but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this and I will see you
guys again soon goodbye but it's been
sort of dark flowers in there actually
yeah totally out it is not like okay
smells like cherries and cream together
like you expect like I cherry ice cream
maybe it's kind of creamy too but you
know I look at that identify the valley
