hey you guys last day at VidCon hey
Brandon last day you excited so excited
not to have to drive down here every day
good I know we actually most people get
a hotel room here so they can drink and
then just stay in the hotel room we're
like you know what let's just drive each
new dogs idea I did it for the last two
years and it's not that bad i don't live
that far takes us like what 40 minutes
it takes us 40 minutes from your place
but it takes me like two hours to get to
his place even I don't count his time
because I don't care about his time I'm
just kidding that means no no but yeah
we drive here every day so now this is
lasting so sad to see everything closing
up now look
I was like leaving it's like the end of
it gone oh no hello yeah brought the
Jimmy Fallon boots you know how they do
lip-syncing on the show on Jimmy Fallon
show so Ashley and Vicki you guys
helping you to they're going to they're
gonna do lipstick in here
I don't know
not going to oh and look through all six
here come pick them back up yo are you
doing thank you hey okay I'll go check
that's good thank you oh yeah yeah I
don't think have we not remember and you
drive me of someone maybe we have yeah
we probably if I never came out on our
main guy never came out our visits yeah
kicking everyone out of the expo hall
everything is done what if you have any
interest but
you ever need some help with anything
call me it's your car it's my card oh
I'll call you Alex yeah mandel
stupid damn it I knew it I knew it okay
i'm gonna go i'm gonna go i'm leaving
you got an a team right here from israel
right yeah yeah so why did he said he
wants to borrow one of my vodka bottles
are you of age here in the US to drink
them know about the mitten Israel I am
okay well I'm gonna send it to Israel
that he'll be waiting for you all right
sound good yeah that's great okay cool
the shirt under the shirt was one of the
eight inches I will send you I'm gonna
send him a shirt and a bottle vodka that
works look at the brandon taught me how
to and i'll show you guys in another
video how to stop any escalator from
working without pushing a button watches
which is on it
here it goes
oh oh my God look what is that it just
stopped that's scary I'll kind of
trickery no I know you guys want to
learn how to do that I would make a
video to teach jet do that and what is
gluten free down it stops like abruptly
no you can't see me well I can't see you
i'm following you no it's not about that
no Pam oh I can see why did you stand
out of that light that's good I'm gonna
stand over here you just go on your that
light you want me anymore I want you
know you want me too much yeah me your
pony too hey my blog you logged me this
is um hey I'm Wesley hi Wesley got you
some shit now he shuts all the time at
least twice a day just like the rest of
the world wait I ship way more than 20 a
what you know well I just got one
hundred thousand dollars to fund my
application see what you have I can't
tell you we have lawyers I got I got you
kick I got you out of the cigarette I
got 200,000 this week worry that's less
than i am from your ax ya whoa what up
yeah one up yeah he is this new app with
it's like it's it's whatever somebody
else has times to Tom serum yeah
whatever app you have talked to yeah
that's true that's it yeah yeah exactly
okay look so lonely over here
are you taking your watch it I'm really
so happens i'm here with Sam yesterday I
pet you in my blog that's on it that's
all I'm doing what is Troy knows play on
your face and your hair and I saw used
to that kind i'll just use lie I know I
literally said I was like he's probably
used to this and then you just looked at
me and then you turned away and that was
it yeah yeah I'm sorry can you tell i'm
fucking gone listen to my voice i think
number one of the cows here it sounds
like that I told the couch to sound like
a banshee I said eyes get told i selling
a woman do I would you fuck moving the
terms like this I don't think so either
maybe when I was younger yeah when I
should I had a high voice for such a
long time
and now your man you become a man hey if
you guys want some if you guys want to
smile like a really big guys waiting
friend I want a really big smile all
right reddit really big yeah get ready
there we go there it is guys very
Freddie no I know I said him by this
money I met him actually instead of
monarchy came up when I was shooting a
video I was kind of true really you got
a troll machinist up Cody yeah what's up
how's it going Oh amazing natural is
Spanish for me entro via steps XM
Italian used to what have sex of italian
ice statue I used to touch your mustache
and used to crazy sex but it's not sexy
so is that wait French gained weight
than what is sex you will learn when you
grow up so I'm still a virgin yesterday
baby i'm still virgins but I was right
over here and you guys you probably all
know Stuart edge by big fan what he just
did was he actually just we kissed that
we shopped I don't that's what we just
did right it was so man screws like this
it's like making a king of dr can use
maids and shake it that's like and what
exactly is pretty happy for that was
pretty awesome it was like but i was
actually just referring to one of the
breaks that we does when
it's pretty awesome I would love to do
that because I don't have a lot of
people that kiss me so I with its dash
it's just on the scan of this do I came
up this time unless I give that away no
now you make sure you pull a better
trick for yeah let's do that cool shades
right yes you guys watch this game
Kenny see those in the wash I can't yes
okay look at this look at me i want you
guys at home and everyone here to focus
your energy on these glasses focus your
energy on ready lift them up
that's for you mr. him down well thank
you thank you so that's pretty awesome
it was awesome a shout out to uh
whatever you just say Alex Bernal
because I Shama Alex Mandel yeah oh and
look at this here as I glass in my
pocket yes very cool video that was so
much fun last night and now it's a new
day I seem to be uh finishing my blogs
the morning after but I'm actually Honda
oh did you think I was talking to you
Jackie just talking like this to you not
talking to them I'll talk to you after I
woke up hungover this morning so I feel
okay though I didn't drive Brandon drove
and he was sober so don't drink a trifle
but I'm actually it's such a sad feeling
when they start closing at VidCon and
everything's gone you you just that's
the whole community just goes away for a
year not that it's not there but now we
all go back to watching our computer
screens again so yeah I think Romans
heading over now cuz he's gonna stay for
tonight but I'm ending this vlog here
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye you get a blog I know you get
along everyone liking and everyone
around them oh no I'm standing I'm
standing in front of pictures try to be
taken because i'm not paying attention
at all i just stood in front of blog in
front of the eviction fuck yourself p
