hey guys
VidCon day two hey Brandon no that's me
that's no don't do that to me yeah
what's up you two get on my shirt camera
and hi Greg my oh you said well you
didn't give me a thumbs up he does he
got his thumbs cut off I wish you have
to do you what circumcised any sons
dumb-dumb circumcenter yeah yeah aren't
you so excited to be at VidCon oh yeah
no she she was just making a poop what I
tried yeah dirty girl dirty dirty I got
look oh you know what I was gonna do is
I was gonna sneak up behind you and I
was gonna start kissing the back here
and act ever so gently
photobomb up and then look at you're
gonna be in my video I would be well I'm
excited about that
look look at this let's just do but if
we just don't or anything and we just is
this is it a boring vlog let's see
Jerry
how's it going how are you very good
triple triple reproduce yeah this is
Ashley you do well we're in the
department to play room
why don't you shake my how's it going oh
yeah good how is how is everything I'm
filming you because you won your case
how does that he's a shy in front of
cameras
taking pictures it's fight to see all
the frankers in what in one place
everyone's here oh yeah yeah you
probably know how many yoga pants cuz
that's how that's what gives me about oh
my god
oh did you oh that was really nasty I
did enjoy it now I'm gonna put my finger
in your butt you get a vlog I'm setting
it for the pictures try to be vacant
because I'm not paying attention at all
I just sit in front of vlog in front of
the fiction fuck yourself ewwww oh hi
see we stand back I guess we just watch
oh yeah what I'm vlogging everyday come
here right now you guys all know I know
you know badly right I'm gonna show them
this some this that is that that's a
mean that you guys all know but this is
what he looks like no I feel like you
port you've worked out yeah I get on the
gym a lot down the aisle and and
I do have one of these blue that some
wedding ring yeah
and the thing is he was dating her when
she had that picture taken which shows
all of you guys like hey you can happen
you can find someone that true
true love is out there yeah good enough
to get yeah it's it good looks good
looks
well what day what I try to find out all
the girls
that's an awesome tip I'm gonna get
braces and Srinivas that's all you need
and Happiness will find you I'm about to
go find happiness where we going we're
going to the UTA Party and in Africa we
say well I wanna do the same but I want
to also bang on her breath that's more
oh my gosh what that's what you did
that's Mulkey we actually I got a bit TV
rugby there what Connor and All Blacks
the haka I'm a bad Africa
rat the ETA party down I'm taking a
little bit of a break from drinking
because I've been drinking some have it
just ginger ale I think ever
are you the least happy cocktail Oh
Greg's having a cocktail but Brandon's
is having dico just new driver Yami yeah
Diet Coke
idiot driver but I'm having ginger ale
don't do that you just poured on me bro
damn and that was the end of the
fireworks display you ended it with a
fart how beautiful is that oh there's
another firework I missed it well thank
you
PAH still farted I just found a new way
to advertise my channel here yeah yeah
but what are we gonna do with it are you
kidding in car windows and you know what
in case they throw that one away no
don't put too many we got to put them on
every car in the parking lot that's the
best way you need what you need to meet
BP's well well yeah yeah yeah sorry I
was talking about her butthole hey guys
that's what you say yeah I'm here to
show you guys so Ashley you see for this
one
let me jog recycle I just want everyone
to see real quick I can pull deck of
cards right here Ashley yeah tell them
stop that detail you saw yeah okay it's
not gonna look take your card now I want
you to tell me when to stop again okay
stop okay put your card on top a little
bit okay pick a number between one and
five two point three so like - I can't
do two point three okay
one - oh my god that's her card that is
her card that was a big waste of time
you
you're a played board games we're gonna
play four oh no I don't get any I know a
little about
yeah
what does she teach you how to play
sometimes they're fast sometimes they're
slow times they're big enough for small
mind small it's the game I'm just I have
no game Hey
it's a new day today
I unfortunately last night my batteries
died so that's why I didn't vlog anymore
last night and which is unfortunate
because I happen to bump into the
magical jenna Marbles and that would
have been pretty cool to get her on the
vlog but unfortunately the battery died
so I couldn't even end the vlog last
night but I'm ending it right now and
before I start the new day and head off
to the final dirty of bed god yes
but I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
and I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye now I've been trying to look for
any any big youtubers out here and I
can't find any around you really good
look look who I found
what what what are you guys heading
right now
