hello boys and girls hey guys it's me
alex is it everything and Greg oh we're
on our way to VidCon as you can see i
got my mustache all up it's a team power
yeah so we're gonna go to VidCon right
now we're driving we're passing are we
passing disneyland what I think we're
passing yeah we're passing busy wit look
to review our anything all that all that
on it's just this Disney way yeah but
we're not going to Disney we're going to
VidCon I hate my shirt up on your
mustache no it cuz it's not gonna stay
it's gonna ruin a mustache we got longer
there's no mustache available I did the
same thing as this with my pubes today
as well we just parked we're here we're
here are you gonna thumbs up again yeah
smiley in VidCon it look who decided to
show up right then
yeah I'm here he's too man that was
youtubing Pacific so but he's actually
getting out if we're trying to make it
to the front because people will not
stop taking pictures with him which is
why i'm just going to stand on suicide
watch it's okay we're graphs I need to
now I've been trying to look for any any
big youtubers out here and I can't find
any around you but I've a really good
look look who I found what what what are
you guys heading right now main stage
rehearsal yeah oh yeah they're doing
this big elaborate scene they're
actually reenacting what what scene is
in its the scene from I don't know how
to talk about it fixed rent oh yeah from
the sixth sense of course shut up well
good seeing you oh here comes Sam pepper
what's out what the hell's Emma night
Shambala yes he was on my flight out
here really was next to me I wanted to
block him so bad should him he seemed
like such a quiet like dude anyone you
could just do what I'm doing I just
talking to casually but I'm holding the
camera I mean that's here we're due to
someone like that they feel weird you
know the blocking like Brighton it's
like hey yeah six cent Russia movie
sucked exactly we're just back there
with the green room with Sam pepper and
he was telling us that he was like he
was freaking out because I guess while
he was walking through here and he was
literally getting its dig grabbed his
ass grabbed everything
he's freaking out but he's gonna think
he's gonna try in a few to try to come
out here without any security at all so
let's see how I'm going to try to meet
up with it later to catch that on the
blog right now we're just walking up to
exchange badges to a different kind for
the time that my mustaches on a break we
got his here's a little bit more epic to
mine thank you yeah I'll leave you had
your smart how long have I had my boards
going on almost a year okay this is like
two and a half years that's two and a
half years I'm gonna have to keep going
with it if i watch me more epic yes well
congratulations on yours thank you
radish than yours oh thank you i will
keep it up I'm pregnant too yes Mack
just tweeted me I'm vlogging you
blogging me it's funny to see people
tweeting me say I'm looking for you then
they fired me but I'm not saying that I
almost found you you almost found me out
cuz the mustache oh that's the guy from
pet collective right I can say yeah yeah
I just saw him we just blog together
because of our mustaches good meeting
you what's your name Alex nice to meet
you i'm alex too sorry dad oh cool how's
it going good oh you've watched read
romans yeah but you learn Andrew Andrew
nice to meet you Frank's is my channel
yeah well you are you now you're on my
blog I'd no idea for longest time that
you were
son and oh yeah he was here my dad was
here earlier guys walk by early yeah
should come by tonight hi much people
that I'm right now yeah see how they'll
help linguistically smooth i am on my
blog right so what's your name Reuben
it'll be my TV oh nice to meet you and I
know you from overboard yeah i watch his
videos and he came up and knew I was and
then Brian's from whatever but he's not
saying attention how's it going Brian
from whatever let's go on Alex man tell
it's going great it's going great it's
i'm happy i'm doing my thing your
mustache makes me just smile in this mr.
smile nobody know why i have that at you
because even if I'm angry my mustache is
still smiling you see it out of your
peripherals I can I would look down but
I look like an idiot actually had to
focus on not looking down at all times I
just got back to my place and Wow today
was fun I met so many cool people and I
was surprised I was like you know a lot
of lot of the people that go to VidCon
or younger girls I know that I have more
of a male audience but Wow was I
surprised at how many people are
actually coming up to take pictures and
everything while I was trying to talk to
Brian from whatever I had to stop like
at one point almost like every 5-10
seconds just to take pictures and I love
that you guys are so awesome and I see
them posted on Instagram and trying to
comment all them if you guys are at
VidCon make sure you come say hi I'm
just walking around hanging out it's
honestly such an awesome experience and
so inspiring to to do more while I'm
there I'm like we should collab and we
should collab we should collab try to do
more stuff and let me build up my up my
what I call my main channel even though
my vlog channel has way surpassed it but
I want to build up my other stuff and I
want to do my own bigger videos other
than you know vlogs which I love but
it's so cool it's such an experience if
you guys haven't been to VidCon you're
thinking about I know it's harder for
something around the world but it's it's
such a cool split the fuck place and
it's so inspiring I should definitely
check it out or do some sort of YouTube
event it's always so cool if you're
trying to get into this into
it's fun but I had a great time I'm so
excited for tomorrow I'm like I don't
even know what to do with myself right
now like I wish I kind of stayed there
just to like hang out and grab some
drinks with some of the guys but I'll
see him again tomorrow so yeah not i'll
see you guys i'm still probably in a
vlog a little but I'll see them again
tomorrow yeah it was fun I'm just
enjoying TV time with Alex and my sister
she's in such a good mood that's the
alex is how she feels about you right
now really hormones right I'm just
kidding no I yes what did it third
trimester it's it's midnight right now
and my sister and Alex are in their
third trimester alex is celebrating with
ice cream yeah you're not having ice
cream yeah I'm having cravings and my
nipples are really sore and tender it's
getting blurry and I'm and I'm bloated
why is it getting blurry I'm having a
phantom pregnancy oh no it's so blurry
fix yourself wait and i'll tell you how
big she is hold on what is it doing
please give it a second this is weird
ready and okay now you can tell me its
back to back to good yeah she's as big
as a head of cauliflower and she's two
and a half who compares anything to
cauliflower do you guys know how big
collar flowers ahead of colleagues ahead
of it we're on two and half pounds what
is going on with this it's going blurred
my phone's location inches 16 inches
well now how many weeks 12 12 weeks left
until I am an uncle jack and tell him
tell a team how we made our baby what
they want no Immaculate Conception we
made our baby with breakfast our
genitals oh okay anyway graduates but
I'm third trimester okay guys that's all
i have for you today that's it we need
to all done i am very excited to get up
tomorrow and go to VidCon again for day
number two and yeah really looking
forward to it so I'm gonna add just edit
this vlog right now good bad and do
round two tomorrow so i will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye
