hey guys i'm heading out right now to go
to my friends print shop because i
realize i'm gonna need some business
cards for VidCon I'm going to VidCon I
hope that a lot of you guys are there I
hope to see a lot of you guys there I'm
excited to greet you and I think we
should dance but anyway I'm gonna go
pick up some cards so I can pass out
there because last year I went there and
everyone's like oh do you have a card
and I was like crap like I never printed
any so I was like Jay like damn cars
like you know I actually I passed out
all of them so let me just write it on
like a little torn piece of paper but I
actually never even had business cards I
just didn't want to sound like the one
idiot that didn't have them so now I'm
actually it's last minute I mean I'm
going to VidCon tomorrow morning but at
least they're done so I'm going to go
pick them up right now and and be
prepared
dad guess we're doing I'm on the vlog
we're working you guys want to be on the
blog let's get it just get it no from
four people come around the corner
camera give me in the blog no no you're
saying no no no thank you well they said
no thank you okay it's okay what you're
on it no no no what ok I want to go
Haley one else video no okay it was a
lot nobody here wants to be at my video
I'm gonna go over here by myself okay I
can have a party all by myself check
this out guys the bobbies were machine
this is so old this used to be in like
all the arcades things like chucky
cheese everything what you do is you
take this hard to see take order
ok so the quarters right they're gonna
get in one of those slots well I lost
but you get it and then if you win you
get a dollar prize Bobby surprise pretty
cool okay she got it but it's it's
supposed to fall through you don't get
it here we gotta shake it a little I
don't know it's not supposed to fall
through yeah there you go that didn't
give you one it's a hole but she won
these are nothing fancy but I just
needed to I mean it they look good the
printing came out great i'm just saying
like I didn't do it's not super
elaborate and on home phone number
anything it's just stuff strictly for
VidCon but check these out so here's one
side I'll explain our vlog so people now
to check it out and then of course my
company I've digital just the email for
that and then my channel my name so that
makes it much easier to pass out to
people VidCon when I'm networking so
that they can check me out and I can
check them out when they give me there's
yeah I'm prepared Daniel even kind of
bad
all right yeah I just in there by
yourself yea Korean buck you watching
these two ladies cook this very
entertaining good cook lady that's good
just turn it so you burn hey you take my
knees escape turn then you know I'm
flipping the holding water it's got it's
gotten better with fucking tank is right
I have better with hey hey it is done
Richard you like the color yes here so
you could color nope Richard put it back
where did you find there good boy band
balls man 01 what do you got green one
wait oh wow that really hurt hold on can
I get one first yeah
I got a purple one how do I open on one
hand you off on it yeah just
that's been keep it on your finger
that doesn't work that well
oh good
people think we're idiots legit watching
I leave it there that's cuz we just we
just change the
oh my god look
Oh
just
you guys know that I have my business
cards now but I realized I don't have a
case for them but to keep them in I
don't want to keep them loosely in my
pocket because I'll get all bent and
stupid but it's too late to go out to a
place that has like credit like a
business card case so we've been looking
at stores just like CVS and everything
like pharmacy places that are open 24
hours hours to see if they have it and
we finally found something that'll do
and it's an Altoid case so we bought
black tape and we're just going to make
our own but don't worry I'm not wasting
the altoids we're keeping them in a
baggie I'm just gonna fill it up now
yeah this looks like i'm still prepared
with all the stuff that always happens
to just me i wouldn't be surprised if
now that I've taken the altoids out I
get pulled over and they think that this
is is something else does it just
doesn't look very good right but this is
my my proof that it is just altoids
because he's he's taping that up right
now
it's just altoids we're almost done
covering the altoids box but I decided I
was like you know what right before you
finish it let me just see if the
business card will fit so almost done I
see it right
we should yeah well John la guerra we
should have checked because my business
cards are too big to fit in and out
towards case so that was a waste of time
it's now 1220 am and that's not gonna
work Richard still taping of the box cuz
these don't think it's cool box it is
but it's it's not gonna work for the
business cards our last minute person
let's go back and see you the back into
CVS yeah we're all gonna find anything I
don't know I'll see what I I'll figure
out something okay guys what's all I
have for you today that's the vlog it's
done I never got the case for my
business cards it's okay i have pockets
that's what they're for I just didn't
want to bend them anyway I am parked now
in the garage at my place and I would do
the ending to this vlog upstairs in my
place but there's people sleeping cuz
it's after one it's like 130 so I'm just
gonna end of here but tomorrow is VidCon
so I hope to see many of you there many
of your pretty fucking faces yes so I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
check this out here's a small clip when
he pretended to sneeze on me but this is
this is absolutely real check this out
Oh
