hey guys so today i decided to you guys
know that it work at the break offices
but i actually have another office
because my dad has a studio where he
does a lot of filming here and
everything it's a pretty brand-new but
in the studio if you guys have seen my
computer screens you've seen it says amp
digital which is my digital media
production company stands for Alex
Mandel productions digital anyway so I
ox i also have an author TV productions
his and have digital so i have my office
space here and can shoot here whenever i
want which is pretty awesome and right
Kimmy yeah that you guys have a scene
kid before on the blog but she also
works here she works for a levy
productions my dad's production company
so we were candid and he does TV stuff
whatever I do digital media so yeah
pretty cool but i'll show you a little
bit around here so check this out over
here if i ever need like makeup room
type of thing whatever that's over there
but we're still going to like this whole
thing we're putting up light panels and
I'll stuff up there but we have a huge
wide screen to use it's like an infinity
space type of thing oh Bobby's world
machine oh yeah look at this deal or no
deal it's just a big spaces big studio
to do whatever shooting stuff we want
but it's fun I mean there's ping pong
table this over here I don't know if you
could tell but it's a gigantic screen
it's like yeah so that's reviewing
anything we need to do in the kitchen
over here and this it's just a cool
space just to shoot in so we have the
whole white wall which is actually
converts into a green screen as well any
sets can be driven in here and that
whole door over there opens in case we
need to pull anything in but just a cool
place to shoot and hang out and
everything that I have my office around
the corner for AB digital and if you get
hungry you can always make yourself
that's no cool
it's just a cool space I think it's
really cool here but anyway yeah so i'll
be doing some more shooting you guys
will see me what i'm actually shooting
stuff here and doing that that whole
deal stuff work yep i have a conference
in meeting right now in the conference
room i have a meeting in the conference
room of the conference time and has gone
conference remember all the way over
there that's like what's going wrong
what's going well how's the weather over
there partly cloudy yeah 569 chance of
rain is yeah he was saying chance of 69
a famous still huge asked me was
weather's like a mother I the checks
yeah we sit all the way across that way
if I if I coffee a little bit nothing
happens yeah actually one time Brandon
was coughing like while you're sitting
across each other on a couch and he like
cocked up and Mike out there like a ball
of web-like flew out of his mouth it
landed on my shirt I I don't know if you
guys know this but I do not like
anything that has to do it like snot or
spitter I can't anyone want to talk
about it so you're showing video on my
phone you had the video view from when I
was at the restaurant and I pretended to
sneeze on you yeah well you just said it
to me and I'll put it in here guys check
this out he he always fucks with me
because he knows he can mess with me
about that stuff so check this out
here's a small clip when he pretended to
sneeze on me but this is this is
absolutely real check this out
Oh wanted a better freaked out man well
I realize you were filling me just so
you know I didn't freak out just because
of I just because of hearing him sneeze
he dipped his fingers in his water and
when he sneezed he flung it out on me so
I felt it on my arm and that's what
really disgusted the shit out of me just
so you understand it wasn't just like a
dude I felt wet it was nasty Anna it's
such a slut that dirty whore Hannah
she's just sucks so much that dick that
dick sucking that horse slutty anna hey
anna you realize really I'm
inappropriate public all you have you
have something right there
sorry we're about to see a 22 jump
street right now we're just waiting on
bread in hand to meet us here cuz
they're like we had to go to another
mall for theatre now I'm afraid of him
hitting me don't do that don't know ah
ow okay okay okay Wow Richard enough al
I hit you once yeah give me one say
twice mr. bitch ass out twice it's a
hundred times out don't buy ticket go
buy tickets no the kiosk so slow 22 jump
street hey guys
ready
oh I did just go number two I did this
we watched 22 Jump Street which is great
and you guys should definitely go check
it out and I just took a fat fucking
shit that feels so much lighter which is
good because I've been farting in the
theater she talking about what you did
in the theater I just said oh no he
actually a midway through the movie he
walked up to me to let me know he needed
to fart so he was leaving but he came
back ten seconds later and everyone
laughed at him and stared at him because
well how long does it take for you to
fart I I just didn't want to do it in
the seat like right next time when I
walked like just around the corner and I
farted Richard rich really Richard all
right i watch right around the corner I
was being polite and I passed some gas
then I walked back to my seat the only
thing is that maybe I should have waited
a few minutes on everyone didn't realize
because I did get all the stairs my last
but but you can't laugh at me for being
polite well we wha wha I got home and I
fell asleep just happens like that
sometimes but it's ok because I feel
like like it was decent it's great I
enjoyed myself yesterday so i'm going to
edit this right now this morning and
about 930am edit this right now and then
i'm going to start my new day vlogging
vlogging longer allowed to Barbara yeah
so I will see you guys most likely again
tomorrow goodbye coming right at it
that's all ahead so stay with us later
tonight a new episode of agt but first
American Ninja Warrior start snack
visiting my dad come
for america's got talent on the
background of universal
