hey guys guess who it is it's me and
Richard all right and Riley we're going
to go to Benihana to go have magical
dinner time yeah I know I'm starting a
little late but I took a nap today it's
catch up on sleep and everything and I
feel good so we're gonna go grab signee
what right hungry hungry hungry hungry
yeah he is a lot to say Richard just
said that he was a lightweight at the
bar so they brought him a free shot
cheers you guys what the face is that
good oh pretty happy but it's good oh
yeah that looks shooters with oh yes I
our tables right we're going to just too
late
it's not a movie
you guys not think it's hilarious that
look at this
I'm using chopsticks and the Chinaman
here Richard
he prefers to use a fork there's
something off here
I want to give it to you
my sister you get a free toy if you get
two buckets were the shots of one of the
games and she didn't want to keep it for
herself so she gave it to a little girl
hey Hannah let's see it looks like
you're eating the microphone oh no it
just looks like you're eating it go look
so they go okay and see if I can get it
okay here we go okay go see if you could
eat it just go go Kim did look like she
was eating a microphone blue tequila
it's not a huge shot you're just you
just just take it we mean can't do the
rest of it using people Hey yeah thank
you cheers everyone I don't freeze
people Jeremy you have to look we know
no you have to look people in the eye
are you trying to get everything
blogging I'm looking at my blog camera
Cheers
it's sighs yeah it's rude it's rude
naturally so why should we lunch you're
looking them in the eyes while you take
it go Cheers he always look for me David
how many times we choosing can we just
drink this look at me in the eyes and
cheers me to frog enjoys
douwe gorgeous so Gargan or no kiss
Cheers
okay to take it before it gets warhead
let's go poop and scharton go poop in
Chardon Gentry's yours boys here's one
cheers me okay yeah buddy
one more hey Frank coming in my house if
you've ever seen that show I'm like
figure two if you get the name right you
win the name of the show the name of the
show it's uh from the theme song hey
it's Franklin so if you get the name of
the show right it's not Franklin and
Friends did you Cheers
it's still on the chit Oh even though
they got hot dogs what evidently
according to Hanna
if you Cheers it is point to look at
your friend in the eyes when you're
choosing them yeah a lot over this but
Richard informed me that in his culture
in the Chinese life it is very polite to
lip-lock with your person your friend
that you are choosing
so Richard measures with his mouth or
with Richard and I cheers tonight like
five times without even having a drink
in our hand so just say slipped lucky
yeah Oh fun night yeah yeah
I thought you guys were gonna cheers
right now please I need a break
they got one called the trailer-trash
yeah the Fritos on it
I ate burritos oh yeah you got the same
yeah
trailer trash yeah if you run means to
check out dog town dogs awesome hey this
is the bar cycle under surveillance yeah
I know don't get on it I just told you
anyway all these seats and that's where
the driver is right here but what they
do is you rent this out for like an
event and all you and all your friends
or whatever you help pedal and rather
than taking a car they take you from bar
to bar and you get trash and then the
guy in the middle who's steering it so
you not to worry about steering so it's
not drinking and driving and you just go
and hang out and bar hop on the bar
cycle yes it's really sick so we should
rent this yeah should we rent it let's
rent it well not not right now cuz it's
actually about 1:30 which is last call
out here california california drinking
ends at 2:00 a.m. so yeah but no because
we're gonna head back to my place in a
few I'm with Miss Ashley hi we are
shooting a prank today well don't tell
too much but it involves this okay
yogurt and I've got to put this lovely
playing 0% fat I don't know why I chose
zero sir but it's just cuz I didn't feel
like
nuts because it's because you're fat
Oh buddy mom that looks familiar
what I mean I like yogurt I always do
that with your foot in your mouth how is
it
that was it it is not good oh this will
be fun I tell you guys every time if you
happen to bump into me you're gonna wind
up on the vlog some vlog up what's your
name Junior the aw geez go home are nice
to meet you thank you guys for watching
it's always cool to bump into people
watch my step so guys if you see me make
sure to come say hello hope you guys
stay huh it's so funny that I shot with
transformers and now look what I see
driving path yeah
so weird to randomly see it again right
after I just shot with it I was in that
thing - yeah coming right at it that's
all ahead so stay with us later tonight
a new episode of a GT but first American
Ninja Warrior
start snack visiting my dad tell me
something for America's Got Talent on
the back lot of Universal I'm vlogging
nice hey lovely video man you'll be a
lot the music video yeah music video a
lot and I'm just a rapper now it goes
I'm ribbon ribbon I'm living the crap
I got go pee that's why I'm in here I've
hope there's none in here well hello
oh the doors open up here so I said that
okay well I'm gonna go pee heading out
here yeah when you jumped out and almost
broke your neck and your broker yeah I
did everything I didn't break my back
and my nose but I broke my nose plenty
of times I broke my back on my 22nd
birthday I'll explain it was diving yes
I was diving into a pool and hit my head
is come out of it I felt you actually
gave yourself of that with Grey Goose
vodka and - our Shep or Craig is on my
head the pool broke my back that was it
different me that was when I would
relate myself more to of a town like
that do it you have your whole life
ahead of you
yeah all right a video it is a video oh
you've seen this vlog camera every day
it looks like you have mocassin I was
focusing sense of urgency that you're
taking a photo
I got you to get up you're ready put
pose for the photo those four photos
hey ready had three days and it's not
video thanks honey Toshiba Kerala yeah
she just kind of cool I just off more
than cooker at night they're leaving me
I'm going home alone come to my bed
darling come on you have the best
mattress I know isn't it the most
comfortable mattress I've ever slept in
I mean one of those yeah
come try out my bed okay guys that's all
I have for you I am burnt from today and
worn out and I'm ready to just go to bed
yeah let's let's I'm done I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and I will try my
best to see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye so I hope you guys enjoy this
enjoy it this is for you
yeah he would go motherfucker 50,000
motherfucking Roz's dog yeah son let's
take you back
