Hey sorry it's me so Richards coming
over right now mr. Richard Wong Wong
long dong from China but you as a buddy
saw that he's back right now he's back
in town in LA place
town city and he's on his way over so I
made sure I got him something that he
would really want I got him a really
good gift do you see what it is it's a
it's a gift but and I even took time to
wrap it
I wrapped it with a sandwich bag and
tape looks it looks good from this side
though so I'm gonna give him a gift for
you know sticking through China
it could be crazy out there guys there's
lots of crazy things in China hi hi hi
all right
we're in and out you guys who are not in
California don't happen to think of this
check out this line and this make you
uncomfortable
yes yes yes Oh watch out bitches
sorry shoulder that's what he does no
don't do that don't do that we're
getting burgers before we go back to my
place they got you a gift I'll show you
what it is at my place
what yes that's your gift he gave it to
me yeah well it's
I got a lemonade well because I did hit
50,000 subscribers on my channel I hit
50,000 subscribers on my youtube channel
yeah that's cool right but I wanted to
you we won in a burger I got you a
double-double animal style you're
welcome you're welcome I'm just saying
I'm in a great mood I'm in a great mood
you enjoy that we just enjoyed ours have
a good night you two
yeah I'm a I'm a happy camper
because of that Richard I have a gift
for you yeah yeah it's not your birthday
but it's a gift
yeah catch it okay ready yeah sorry
I've missed hold on I'll get it I'll get
it I'll get it
is this fragile though so be careful oh
damn it no here oh oh are you okay yeah
did the quarter hit you yeah sorry to
get it's something you've always wanted
how do I open it like that is the
sandwich bag
it's a really good gift oh wait you guys
really camera what I got sorry
it's gushers yeah he always ones gushers
so I got him gushes because you know hey
he can't afford it sounds like I'll get
you guys
oh my god you got it it's how you you
all of them oh yeah he goes through like
a box in a sitting so Brandon and you
guys have been saying Oh Brandon's
girlfriend is gone she's gone she's out
well actually she was just out of the
country for a few weeks but she's back
hello Hannah you wouldn't believe what
we've been doing for the last what was
it two hours well it's only been two
hours at the sideline and I was like
what am I gonna do for my 50,000
subscribers vlog well I just we just I
just wrapped I'm a white Jewish boy
rapper now I feel like a rapper so I've
been working a little garage band you
know stuff because I don't do music I've
been doing garage band stuff on here and
we're rapping so I actually haven't even
shot it yet I'm about what you're about
to watch I'm about to shoot right now
little little music video to go along
with my rap I can't believe I'm showing
this to the world but I am so I hope you
guys enjoy this enjoy it this is for you
yeah
shame
the money is my name
thank you
fucking-a right
yeah you didn't even let us rip it yeah
yeah it'll be great for Alex's vlog
right here
you gotta get a bigger strand in math no
no no no no because you'll lose the
stickiness now I know I'm quite full
sticky on my chest boss if all sticky
across tonight go before it gets dry get
up
what are you gonna go we're not gonna do
a first take no because the Rebs I'm
just kidding I know I'm just getting you
a video wave we ready to shoot this we
just wrapped on the video that you just
saw literally like I'm vlogging this
after we just did it and my stomach is
well stomach slashed chest
we kind of did it lower for the shot
because it was easier anyway it actually
burns and she did pull out a lot of hair
so it kind of sucks but it's fun what
time is it right now is
oh my god I didn't before five oh and
I'm still gonna edit this tonight just
cuz I want to and I still have to match
up all the shots and everything that you
just saw I'm telling you what I have to
do and you've already watched it so I
hope you guys enjoyed that video because
we worked on it for an amount of time
just let me just tonight but yeah let me
know what you think of that video
Richard literally did his scenes that I
want him to do for the video and then
this is him for the rest of the time
actually that was him before he did it
and I woke him up and he's like ah dude
it's gonna take like two minutes so he
did his thing and I wound up back here
right Richard oh yeah
wow it's alright dear that was Richard
Richard said that so yeah he's a sleepy
time for him okay guys well that's all I
have for you thank you so much this is
such a huge achievement 50,000
subscribers you guys still are amazing
you guys shocked me every day I love
your comments every one of them even
that once they're great that they give
me some amusement but yeah thank you so
much and and I'm sorry if you didn't
enjoy my I rap video if you want to see
an actual legit rap video like a good
video or a video music video that's
actually well done then you should check
out my brother-in-law's that who has his
group doc Hollywood their video actually
just came out today but for you guys
yesterday because you're watching this
tomorrow but um yeah came out yesterday
and it is summertime beach house so here
is Hollywood and yeah boy summertime
beach house loser dude Bruce by Alex
Mandela Hollywood so you guys I'm gonna
put definitely check it out support my
brother-in-law yeah it would mean a lot
to me and let's show him how strong that
we could just kill it because you guys
are obviously you know doing it for me I
mean we hit 50,000 so I'm gonna put a
link to this to his music video and say
a real music video and put it down below
in the description so make sure you
check on that too so you can give him
some love and support
and then yeah I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
really and you're too doggone cute
please thank you I hope you enjoy it
