hey guys I'm out with my parents right
now and Louise Cathy hello why I'm here
it's wild yes well
so Lyle says what's crazy this is a
Santa Monica rain yeah it's a Santa
Monica ray this is how we party in Santa
Monica
if this what I heard I don't know where
they holded the electric comb the
electric big festival let your Daisy
Carnival is this it TDC yeah cuz I wish
would think on all the lights they got
like the lights in the trees people are
dancing and I dumped this guy's on the E
trains are going by me it's crazy on
yeah you guys are missing out huh it's
it's a video you go
I can
dad you're not dancing you're on it boy
I got sugar yeah nice Oh
let's search okay go ahead here we go
it was like in September oh yeah
I remember remember this is like a
typical night out of my family
I Got Talent
what is dad doing my dad just likes to
go up and talk to people
I am Pei interesting family so it's a
new day today and we're going over to a
restaurant for up for brunch for
Father's Day I got my dad this giant
tree thing now the story behind this is
last Father's Day I gave him a tree like
this and he ended up giving it back to
me afterwards so what I did was I took
care of it for a year and I'm giving it
back to him this is the exact same tree
I gave him last year for Father's Day
except it's way bigger and maybe this
time it'll be worthy of a gift so I'm
going to give the same gift I gave him
last year and I've been taking care of
it for a year so he better like it and
then Ashley just you know wanted to get
him so nice so she she's getting him too
doggone cute you know she wants to get
my dad a present that says he's cute
that's why you know it is what it is and
then you actually got him a legitimate
gift from the apple store wanted like
the scale things that they checks your
your blood red blood your blood your
body fat here it makes you feel good
about yourself
hello no but you want to know the best
part about it it's not again it's the
same one I've been taking care of it for
a year and this is this is from Ashley
no don't move it why are you moaning it
I don't know that's I want you to eat
with it there I can't see it's good to
see you mom hi
because that way it's like reading in
the jungle mom really
and you're too doggone cute to lose well
thank you Father space but I hope you
enjoy it I do and this is the same one
you gave me last year
yeah I've been taking care of it for a
year Wow but just what a great who knew
I had a green thumb no it's as fresh as
it was last year yeah wonderful it's
pretty big now
me are you doing right I wonder if he'll
give it back to me into the brush
like your father
you lost you know
my Chinese
Jason I a shiny puppy went up on them
okay let me let me
where you go yeah thank you
I lost my shiny blue puppy it's pink yep
yeah my dad is colorblind I'm really
excited to say that we're out grabbing a
glass of wine before we go shoot the
first video for Ashley yes
Ashley VDH yeah so we're going to shoot
the very first video it's kind of like a
this one's kind of like a woman on the
street videos and a man on the street
yeah I am a whoa man she is a well man
yep email jet yeah yeah I need to know
that like you have all all of it every
every set up and travesty right now yeah
anyway we're gonna and then we really
we're gonna do this I'm excited you
excited yeah no I think that it yeah
yeah we're both excited so let's get to
it
I hope it goes well then I'll show you
guys
so I just bumped into an 18 while we're
filming Ashley's video what's your name
again but blood love you very nice to
meet you thank you and you guys know if
you walk up I'm gonna put you in the
blog so you're gonna be in tomorrow of
course you're in the blog too hey man
thanks for coming thanks for supporting
definitely definitely good meeting you
good meeting you it's always so cool to
have people come up and I cannot be
excited and what no yeah so so it's cool
we just got a picture together and and
we're just doing that thing always great
get a lot of support out here in Santa
Monica actually I get most of my support
so if you guys bump into me or you see
me come say hello
cuz you'll be on the block whoo we just
finished we finished shooting her very
first video I think it actually went
really well
I was laughing while holding the camera
but it went well right you enjoyed it it
was a lot of fun and I actually I can't
wait to link you guys to check it out
we're gonna check out the footage and I
don't know when it's going to be up
exactly we're going to be shooting a few
videos we're actually shooting another
one later on today so but Brandon it was
Brandon yeah so Brandon's gonna head
over we're gonna shoot that and then
we'll do whatever but we're gonna go
that one are you nervous
the next one is a little hectic so we're
gonna we're gonna figure it out and
we'll shoot that but I'm so happy this
one went well I'm back at my place now I
just realized my dad left his gift like
last year looks like I'm gonna have to
take care of it for another year for the
next Father's Day it's just gonna be an
ongoing tradition until this plant dies
of course that it's just done hopefully
doesn't die so mr. Brandon is here and
then one more person is here right now
um you guys always ask me about my
fancy-schmancy blue laser and I always
tell you my my friend who lives in China
gave it to me when he came here well
today jr. anyway so my friend Richard
was lives in China it's actually right
here on the couch hello mr. China hello
you're blurry hold on hold on you're
blurry blurry you're blurry where is it
yours the camera
wait why you blurry why I know it's like
super blurry hold on hold on
oh there you go there's the Chinese face
yes this is Chinese face there's the
Chinese face yeah guys one a blue laser
yeah go to China or just call my guy I
don't really know where else to get it
okay yeah I'll have him I'll have him
set up a store while he's in China and
he could send you guys the blue lasers
right you could set that up yeah also
I'm pretty like a lot but I can then
yeah but you should just bring me a
bunch back I'll get them and then I'll
start selling them blue lasers okay yeah
that way we can we can put blue lasers
on the store right I'll be pretty
freaking awesome but yeah so Richards in
town for a few weeks which is Betty cool
Ashley went to sleep and so yeah and I
know the comments I'm about to get Oh
actually went to sleep and now alex is
with the guys of course blah blah very
original very frickin original anyway
weird
it's good to see Richard I haven't seen
him in months now he keeps coming back
only for like days at a time and now
he's back for a few weeks so we'll fuck
shit up real fuck shit up it's not me I
mean we're watching your question there
yes it's not touching man I don't touch
me you know I don't touch man
That's not me okay anyway guys we're
we're hanging out everybody left
Brandon's gone Richard's gone Ashley
sleeping everyone's doing their thing so
I am left with you guys so I'm just
gonna I'm gonna end this here I hope
that you guys enjoyed this one and yeah
I'm gonna go edit this right now so yeah
I'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
we are beyond okay hey guys
