hey guys I'm driving right now I'm
actually off work today I'm not going in
I am on my way though to pick up Ashley
cuz she's going to be staying at my
place for the weekend and we're gonna do
that to get her channel started yeah
buddy
so stay tuned for that but I'm on the
way to pick her up and then we'll head
back to my place we're actually going
Roman texted me he's like hey man I'm so
sorry I've been busy at meetings he does
the movies I come down and close to your
place let's meet up so where'd he go
over what his porno yeah it's porn so
he's working on that but we're just
coming up to them right now
very fast oh I said I'm gonna plug him
but he's trying to fight me he's like I
don't want to be Ike it's good to have
you back in this but you're leaving
tomorrow
I know I've been ridiculously I feel bad
I want to come out here now it's because
it's like a lot of time to do anything
but you're gonna be out here for three
months yeah yeah so then you'll have
time couple weeks yeah you'll have like
we'll hang out twice in that three
months and yeah two times two times yeah
oh good he put us both in the schedule
yeah yeah so I'm gonna skip this man and
yeah can we have it although it's
nothing crazy I just found out that my
sister can skateboard a little bit take
a try on my skateboard my little Z flex
turn this way I didn't even think she
can balance on it
yeah it's skateboarding in the house who
cares but it's just she could skateboard
she just had my longboard to my
longboards going in and out with the
shark wheels which is much faster
because their shark wheels but yeah
that's that's pretty cool
we actually just got oysters yeah are
you excited I am this is a horseradish
is just like my cocktail sauce type of
thing and this is yes pretty much yeah
sweet the lemon over I wanted to show
Ashley my two favorite tequila's my
number one favorite and some of you guys
already know this when I showed my
collection is my Don Julio 1942 I love
this one
not only is it a very nice bottle but
it's very nice to get out it's very good
and then the other one is my cluster
soon which is this nice yeah with a
metal little tough no you got to put
yeah there yeah if you flick it it dings
and then you get sex and tequila so I'm
gonna have her try them and I want to
see Tina come on baby mama take you
anyway well I'm gonna have her try them
and we're gonna see which one she like
you ready to try it first one ready the
1942 by the way atm yeah it is my juju
juice and I'm gonna give you a really
fun fat right now I'm gonna give her
juju juice no no you set me up for that
one I have juji's do you know that ah
juju juice no juju so two twos that one
it's difference between juju and juju
okay it's a difference we were to get
anti-semetic you oh yeah now all you
guys would be like you from South Africa
that's a scary place to be right okay
can we try this thank you know that yes
tequila and champagne are the only two
alcohols that are stimulants okay
everything else is a depressant that is
why when you've been drinking vodka the
whole
and a whole bunch of different things
and you put tequila in the mix you land
up wiping up okay if you just drink the
key to the whole night you will be the
happiest person on earth you won't be
sloppy until you start puking no I don't
okay so I drink tequila the whole night
I don't drink any other drink I stick to
tequila and I have the greatest night of
my life
and people ask me what drag someone and
I'm like oh yeah tequila tequila come by
the way she's completely sober this is
she was just having fun
so yeah so she's not wasted or anything
anyway no we're just having I'm having
her type no no you don't look wasted but
I don't want them to think that we're
like getting sloppy drunk and I'm just
having you taste my do we not getting
set did you not just listen to my whole
thing
no Kiki no sloppiness okay God is
missing the place I'm missing the point
can we try these mm-hmm okay let's
Cheers yes taste it I want to see it and
see what you think
si Charlotte you can yeah it's it's not
it was a pretty smoky shit this death I
liked it I liked it and it was badass in
a smoky I like it it is smoky it's not
easily much more easily than most
taquitos of a drag yeah no that's like
my favorite cuz it's so smooth you could
just ya know me I drink double tequila
on the rocks with good squeeze of fresh
lime that's my drink
well this actually should have lime I
just don't have lime juice on me but yes
anyway let's get to the Rasul classic I
sued just because it's just the glass
yeah Cheers
I want to see how you like that one you
get the sip a little cart do that that's
fine too
well I like this more than they've done
here I you know what I thought you might
say that it's it's actually smoother it
is smoother but I just like it's the
flavor issue and everything like
compiled all into one I kind of like the
1942 better but hey it's up to your own
taste buds right yeah I'm actually
surprised at how great these are going
down yes they do
Wow yeah that's the difference between a
good tequila and one what yes oh is it
quiver face and Omega this is done here
and glasses ooh China's ooh yeah she
thinks the bottle because the ceramic
looks like China like that like like
paper that paper site like place every
side I mean like like like plates like
China where it does I don't know it's
ungodly plants it's ridiculous I would
never think that this bottle came from
Mexico but it is a cool bottle ceramic
kind of yeah but anyway that bottle is
full ceramic and then a metal core
compact no you're gonna lick it there
you go
give it time I want her to try itself so
good night Shelly this case why why what
why did you want me to try it you said
that you like tequila and tell me I'm
the queen you hear the tequila queen
yeah I'm tequila Queen Queen you are the
tequila Queen Queen say that I am the
mistress of tequila you are the mistress
of tequila yeah you Dan right got to
break diptych pal America we're gonna go
to a bar now with Jake and all them just
to hang out and chill tonight
and we ready for the night yeah two very
modest muscle yeah I see non white trash
honestly you know you guys have seen me
drink before one thing that I do say is
if you're going to drink and you are of
age to drink and you are responsible
enough to drink and not drive taking you
don't like to nuber don't get to the
point where you are gonna be trashy and
regret what is being shown especially
since I keep myself on camera so just
don't get messy keep your stuff together
don't like just lets just wearing out a
camera about YouTube comments anyway
guys we're gonna go to a bar we're gonna
meet up with Jake and all them so we're
going there right now Jake and Angela
are you turning away forget oh you oh
you guys again I love you Debbie
you guys getting love at Debbie I want
to tell you guys it was really funny but
uh you just snackin are you snacking
right now he's neutralized
she's neutralizing are you neutralizing
neutralized she's neutralized no I
thought was funny was a she was talking
to this black guy and she goes he's like
where you from she goes South Africa he
goes holy shit you're blacker than I am
so she's like I I am African he's like I
am just full American that's it so I
thought that was really funny
that was definitely funny moment she
just said there's a there's like a hot
dog truck out here on Main Street called
dog town dogs and she's got a spicy
Angelina which is like fries jalapeno
like yeah she got the spicy Angelina so
she guys yeah but it's really spicy
well hey Jake we're gonna go goobers
we got overcoming taking us home because
I've been drinking and I didn't drive
uber don't drink and drive
okay guys well it's all I have for you
today I am done finito
we are through I'm going to bed
so yeah it was it's been fun really good
good daily - good night and now I'm back
home safe didn't drink and drive and
congratulations to the Kings for getting
that Stanley Cup yeah buddy
that's how la does it guys I'm sorry but
I know I'm gonna get shit but I don't
give a fuck cuz we own that shit just
have a cap but anyway I hope that you
guys enjoyed watching the vlog and I
will see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
that is a gentleman Optimus Prime
