hey guys it's a new day today oh damn
look at his hair hair and beard and
everything I am turning into a caveman I
have not gone in and got a haircut and I
need one before we start our day before
we do anything fun before we do anything
worth looking good for let's go get a
haircut
there we go looks good everything that
just pulling up to work will not pulling
up walking in hello
Jackie's doing her livestream say a
brand new she I'll show you when we're
what we're doing with that yeah I am
vlogging we got to get set up we ran
into a few technical difficulties but
good thing we're a little early and the
guests that jackie has are late because
we're able to work through them I have
the audio interface wired into here so
we're streaming through OBS and then we
were taking feed from this camera but
the problem was it was delayed so now
we're gonna stream using just an HD
webcam while this is recording so you
could put this on your channel as well
right where your guests 20 minutes late
they're actually more than 20 days
because if you say be somewhere to film
and at 3 o'clock I would think you show
about leaves 15 little early it is now
time to go they got to pack up I have
plans to go somewhere you guys will see
in a little bit I got ahead of home as
quick as I can
furious Pete hit me up and said that he
was able to get me an extra pass to shot
show in Las Vegas so I packed up super
quick I'm at the airport I made it
through security about to catch the
flight let's take a last-minute trip to
Vegas
Pete just messaged me and said that he's
gonna meet us here I think I don't know
where we are in the years seven years
ago yes by the way this is this Erin she
came with me to you guys you guys have
met her yet that's there but if you
follow me on Instagram which you should
go do they can check out a really cool
picture they they should 100% do that
because we're on a motorcycle we didn't
quite a motorcycle just go to my
birthday I turned 25 Alex Mandel of
Instagram follow me there and check it
out yeah we found Pete but that was last
night
we gambled everything totally just put
this camera away and had a great night
we'll continue on to today so that you
guys can get that we're gonna meet up
with Pete soon but right now we're just
shopping around Aaron really pretty much
has never been to Vegas kinda showing
around
now we found you you're gonna have to
stand over here because oh because I
like yeah there we go
I haven't seen you in like how long like
four days yes it's time did you even
think I was gonna come out here because
you're like you should come I mean you
like guns so I figured yes yeah we
haven't made you have yeah I haven't
gone there yet
it's pretty crazy like first outing at
first time shot Shore it's insane now
you're gonna have like 200 guns right
yes I'm like that I don't want to send
me guns now sound like a so I'm gonna do
it guns we are inside cha cha now and
it's seriously like a candy store there
are the most beautiful guns they are
beautiful I know every gorgeous
absolutely they are you guys appreciate
that hey hey I love this stuff good he's
getting emotional I'm not I'm not
that's the one I have you seen that one
we had so much fun at shot show and just
hanging around and I wish I got to show
you more stuff that can't really film
inside the casino so like when we worth
Matt and Pete all them that's been that
but regardless I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and I will see you guys again
soon your life
