hey guys it's a new day today and we are
super excited to be doing it a little
different and we but it involves alcohol
yeah so it's not that different it
really isn't that different you guys
know that the only sponsors that we ever
worked with are people that we endorse
or things that will be awesome videos
that you guys will enjoy this is this is
both because this is something that we
know that we will love and then
hopefully you will love and I'm pretty
sure yeah this video is sponsored by
weekly tasting which is a wine company
pretty much right a wine company made
basically hand selects these different
wines maybe you've never heard of or
anything like that and they thank you
for I know alcohol I've been a bartender
mixologist but I will tell you right now
when it comes to wine and being super
knowledgeable I'm dumb I'm just a dumb
novice who loves to drink wine which is
like a jinking we like to drink it but
we don't really know what we're drinking
or how good it is or anything like that
and so that's part of what this service
offers is you get to learn whether you
love wine you still get to learn new
things or if you're a complete novice
you get to learn anything the cool thing
about this video is not only did they
send us the wine but Elizabeth Schneider
who is I don't even know how to say this
correctly it's not a Somalia's right it
says that way that he says
Saamy a yeah I like the way you say it
better yeah oh yeah W she sounds fancy
yeah so my nerd fine
she's a wine nerd she's here to do the
private tasting with us with this week's
wine packages and different personalized
Leonard I came from the wine industry so
I was in marketing in the white history
and I started my podcast because I was
like everybody so mean they're so mean
so let's shout your plot guns on YouTube
wine for normal people and I'm going to
go ahead and put a link down to that
here as well
thanks no I should I think that why not
have to be like that so I loved it I
started doing wine stuff when I was in
Boston when I was like oh I need to be
taking courses and stuff like that and I
love to action one really good teacher
and I was like I want to be that teacher
I want to ask you to for everybody that
I can because I think like so cool if
history is like geology's all these
other things together but is a high
barrier to entry I'm going to be honest
it's scary it's like terrifying it's you
know wall just a wall of line and I
think that luck there's just a lot of
like judgment come I took these come
with and cards of if you're not here
yeah I noticed the car so just imagine
me say all of them and just because I
really do write it like I'm talking
because each one does like a picture of
the line and a whole like flavor profile
say that I have totally yeah we told you
what people touring tissue were
wondering what some of the terms that
people use to subscribe lines are
hopefully you'll find them in there it
may be something described unit or
smell it and that's a really pretty good
thing to know when a minute she's
actually telling us off-camera that
tunnel I just cake the wisest sounds
like a dream but it tastes too wide just
get set her and then she lights up and
spent a long time with each one it's
like it yes or no no that's not going
since these aren't like company picked
these are hand selection yes so I'll get
I'll get cases and like it do reject
about unit for some of the lines that
are sent to us what yes I'm not kidding
you have to be sure that whatever goes
in the pack is there for a reason
now I'm not saying that you guys are a
life or you guys are gonna like
everything that's in there but they're
all in there for purpose meaning you
might learn something out of it
what do you might never yeah what are
you not secretly I mean even if I don't
absolutely love it I think it's really
interesting to know what I'm tasting
rather than just to be explored by the
drinking well I think that's enough
again it's a hybrid country all right so
this is albari√±o it turns Spain it's
from a coastal area of Spain pretty cold
because the Atlantic breezes are coming
in and Suez honest monster-dog Mourinho
so for a really long time they made wine
out of this grave which actually is
helping a body which is the lines of the
Abbott because they thought that this
grave came from Burgundy but it actually
I don't know so this producers been
around for about 50 years what would
happen is like in 67 years everybody
left of reassess the area that was here
whose only farming of the super rule and
they all went into the city so the only
people keep in this gray pellagra like
these old farmers and harvesting
everything and so what happened is a
huge giant cocaine huge drug because
regiment really really remote and
there's this big gorgeous beautiful
you're looking a look up a picture of it
these endless cuz they would come in as
like it was the home of the cocaine
trade and then somebody came and like 30
scouting reassess and saying like what's
pretty cool native groups is same
they found this and they were like this
is awesome then all the young people
came back if you have an industry so
behave any coconut I'm saying what's
look the problem is okay
I don't like settled classes we're not
and and I also twice think about how
many times I put this back in the street
and the fridge right so I'm all about
the temperature so so I
98.6 degrees and hold it like a medieval
goblin
federal defense them otherwise you're
just warming it and that's not good so
you know you're going to swirl it
because that's what I know this part do
you know why aerated a little bath
totally got a girl
all right look at the Eman and that he's
a dog
I've got a job with here so does your
dog sniff wine with this I don't think
I've ever
I would I agree no I don't do I got my
video rocket no you want sniffling
little snippy w snips right because they
can't process a lot of information
that's a choice with your wine you want
to learn dogs have much better sense of
smell than we do so if you wanted to see
little snips see what you smell leave it
smelling this one never put these
outside your streams it has like a
waterfall do you want that yes
that's enormous animal - yeah I learn a
lot about for flavor here no no success
Emily receives us differently new world
if I told ya just did that that's okay
you're not always going to smell fruit
cursed it's not a we really fruit first
sometimes it'll be something else
perfect actually when it's from your
eyes oh my god are you still like this
mineral stream in it and then underneath
that there's some flowers like some
white flowers so let's taste it hold it
in your mouth for a second nice and
acidic right underneath your tongue
water it's a little bit not coating but
not too much and then it's got you have
three that what does it keep looking
this is good mattress unless you see I
for some reason the bugs are gone feel
like I taste an apple no they don't
yeah but that's
the combination of the fruit talkin EO
and the acidity because we associated in
our minds acidity with things like
citrus and grants in the battles we look
like that so that's the acidity and then
there is an apple node like floral stuff
going on here and that mineral thing is
still kind of there on the taste so
flavors like an awesome cheese wine so
this is a part of the warm weather
weight you can imagine sipping this
non-stop on a patio right I was up yes I
am one down I'm really I'm pretty happy
so far I'm super excited to try this one
because psyllium launched my favorite
white it is pretty awesome in the
clinton chili and it is so good so you
said you're not sure where you're coming
on blog comes from but it so matters i'm
telling you yeah i just i usually just
buy it like i never known enough to know
like how to pick my wine like i said i
literally just pick a pretty label
that's at my price point okay looks like
under my first point is important but
i'm too young right now like the place
is good especially with soluble it soaks
up the absence of the land so much that
it's going to change somewhere you have
get it so this one what is the name of
this alright this is the manitech eq
coastal sonia book and it term the
casablanca balance
and please tell that no all right I mean
I don't we have another lot but you know
it is crazy this is from Chile Chile
makes awesome wines a lot of them are
are influenced by French because what
happened is there's this horrible
disease that came over Bordeaux the
region of Bordeaux and all these French
winemakers were kind of added a job
because this little bug came in pop
colostrum and give it and destroyed it
kind of start yeah I thought a Charles
Manson is really a nasty things with the
water sort in that house chill it was
like any not a lot of money weary of
Requirement
so they brought over all the price price
and one of them was coming along if it
with your dog a jalapeno you smell that
but how would you oh my god like idea it
actually smells like raw right like when
you're slices just what we avoid the
fresh to it right so like when I smell
is my mouth water cuz I'm pretty full
why we need to judge that go crazy right
here see it art lifts a pit that was way
stronger well you could sink the hole
yes there's house hang is a grapefruit
acidity underneath your tongue virus
great food for sure that
yeah before we move on I just wanted to
give you guys a really cool opportunity
to actually are take it as absolutely
free and the way that you're going to do
that is a giveaway so you guys yeah you
guys watch this video or actually if you
just want to go ahead you could just
check out week the weekly tastings site
I'm going to put all the information on
the description below the link to weekly
tasting and everything is down there as
well as all the information for this
giveaway pretty much all you have to do
is pick one of the four that we try that
tickles your fancy the most the one that
you want to try the most and just
comment below the one that's most
interesting to you that's all you have
to do and the company's going to go
ahead and look through my comment
section and pick one of you guys you're
going to receive a free shipment of this
wine and you're going to get a personal
virtual wine tasting with either
Elizabeth or Laura Manning who is a
master Somali a sommelier somebody a oh
yeah but so both of them are the ones
that take the wine for this company so
it could be either one of them you'll
get to do a virtual wine tasting with
these wines we really cool and receive a
hundred and fifty dollar Amazon gift
card no bread you know right right right
so the reason that this isn't like the
warm weather wine package because you
guys kind of afraid you saw it right in
the fridge it take better a little bit
children you were saying is like your
red go little cold I like the whole show
there as you know innovating your the
swirl Pacific but there's like red fruit
or black shirt waving that's really the
categories that I like to like divide
the world into black berry
look there's more on the black side
sentence right okay let's keep it look
interesting as that happens that our
dimension which is like black pepper
okay so yeah don't like take that with
it yeah yeah sell as much like black
pepper will you taste is there some
black pepper so that's a function of
grapes which is an NPS grape it remains
excellent
yeah from fit DSO region bierzo in
supply way is for pressing wine from
Spain and really fresh and bright and
you know but still has some weight to it
not to you know man would be right do it
you guys like it off to the next one
really happen alright so a lot of our
last our last mine this is also a wine
that get the chill because it hates
better if you make it a little bit
colder yes and it is so nice flowery
though I'm not gonna try to do that
because I'm sorry my friend I can speak
Spanish inside yeah give the swirls
smell it
I definitely have a sweeter the
something sweeter in here okay so it's
sweet so I tell you the dry one what
you're smelling some sort of fruit or
casas individual cells yeah yeah I guess
it still does still smell dry right it's
just I'm going in it like this is so
frustrating like once the one said that
like I'm like yes closely but yes you
take it out it's distinctive though
isn't it yes yes totally
we have more flowers or fruit I'm
feeling more flower absolute look close
to whatever I said is flirty flatteries
okay I think we are getting more flowers
out of it it's kind of like dark flowers
I don't know what kind but it's some
sort of dark flowers I do actually yeah
totally else it does that like okay now
identify smells like cherries and cream
together like you expect like I cherry
ice cream maybe it's kind of creamy too
but you know it's lose that identify the
highlight really good that's all I can
smell you definite ate the cherry cream
flavor totally I'm still not paying to
carry the cream so I got what are you
getting I don't know that though you
don't you like cherries and we do we
might get arbitrary successes the signal
piercing right now is I grew up we
always had miasma like this 600 Reiter
we just have a Tupperware container
fills the church
you know what Harry I play so you don't
carry I guess no one knew it but they
take it different than anything like a
maraschino cherry or anything like that
no maraschino cherries are processed
area because it's pickled cherries right
like pickle cherries in sugar but this
is like fresh cherries life as we add a
cherry tree as we also yeah so but I
think that that's that such a great
point because you've allowed a certain
to cherries so when you notice it in a
wine know exactly but that seems like
you have a stew the thing that I tasted
really eating from right so what you're
going to do now is that now you're going
to bring some cherries over and you guys
are going to try cherries together then
you take this wine and yes we officially
taped it all for the wives of this pack
it was super super awesome they were
also guys like genuinely I'm glad a good
one yeah I sort of did you pick tonight
well obviously I take them and I don't
hit crap so well I think that that's why
they're so good it's not like a very
like corporate just gets picked for you
she actually said ya know I think
everybody picked them and trust me
there's plenty of it
I put all the links in the description
as well as the information for the
giveaway I'm showing you guys right here
here is the app the app will show you
all this stuff on here and yes it is
only sixty nine ninety-nine for a whole
pack and that includes free shipping so
that shows this week's pack different
things and selected by you yeah for one
every time stuff for me videos for me so
I can watch so there are videos on the
app of walking through people as walking
through a tasting absolutely I'm
striving for you to it it's like the
longest that you had times where you sit
there and go oh yeah I think it eats out
there it is so
I'm telling what to look for is it in
the wives of looks for $69.99 I think
it's a great deal yes awesome stuff and
I just love the press that I am like you
I also don't work with companies that I
don't think are totally awesome that I
think that this is fantastic I love the
fact that I have the opportunity to
share wines with people that I think are
really great examples of grapes and
introduce people to do stop so I know
you guys liked it now we have some new
great pipes that we got to try that I've
never even heard before is probably my
favorite thing I've ever done okay guys
well that is it I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and maybe you guys Wyatt I know
that if you're watching you learn
something because I definitely like to
again thank you so much anyways guys
that is all we got for you I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and we will see
you guys again soon goodbye
let's do this
oh no people running we gotta go
