hey guys it's no other day hey hey hey
how's gone we have a really cool video
we're gonna shoot today is it cool so
excited guys
yeah normally we shoot with don't say
what it is I'm not gonna sit like on my
blog I also said I was like I'm not
saying what it is
I'm not what it is shut your face back
there we usually shoot our pranks with
two cameras you have two cameras in the
race today we have eight cameras that
are gonna be capturing the action so
that should give you an idea well I'm
gonna I'm gonna show them what we're
shooting with but I'm gonna let I don't
want to just say it I'm gonna show you
so when we get there must be really cool
I mean it's probably gonna be the title
of this vlog and I already gave it away
so we're saying oh wait for this
surprise but you already know so you'll
see but this is gonna be awesome
wait till you see what we're working
with them I mean you probably know again
from the title stuff
check it out I'm about to show you we're
gonna walk over there right now be
awesome hey Kevin hey are you excited
yeah I'm super excited because yeah I'm
sure you told your viewers run the
paramount line yeah that's all I've told
that's how you told them but they
probably saw the title they probably saw
the title yeah of your thumbnail
yeah and they kind of know what's coming
next I did the exact same thing I know I
know whatever let's just go shoot this
here's what we're working with
ladies and gentlemen Optimus Prime
here I want to show you this is so weird
to see this
how long did you get to see this or look
in the rearview mirror and see that hey
guys
we're almost done we're on like our last
shot that we need to get and then we're
back yeah then we'll head back we'll
take off to miss home so that's it we're
done we're wrapped on today we're both
doing our like outros to this yeah okay
anyway yeah so we wrapped on on today
today was awesome was so crazy and we
got this guy Optimus Prime
so crazy to be directing a video with
Optimus Prime but hey this it's it's a
it's gonna be a good memory but this is
so awesome I'm still have to be a part
of it and it went so great I cannot wait
to send you guys post the link so you
guys can check it out
it'll be out soon trust me look who's
here I think leaving are you leaving oh
okay okay yeah I'm getting I'm getting a
haircut that was good I wasn't to tell
them you have an aversion tea I have an
aversion to anything to do with hair I
will not be in the same room as anything
that's going on with her oh yeah so guys
they just told you with him cherish is
here you know and she cuts my hair and
I'm gonna get my hair cut you gonna do
it I'm gonna look pretty tonight so
that's what we're gonna do Jake and
Angela here my sister was what does that
yours
Oh Oh God they always fist each other so
the sides pretty short and I'm liking
this but I've made a decision because I
can always grow it back I'm not gonna
bring a mustache don't worry but I think
we should I think we're gonna take off
the beard but you like the beard the
beard yeah but I'm saying I feel a
little bit dirty like when I eat I get a
little side of beard with all of my food
so I have to move it either way I don't
want to have to do let's just take it
off you want to just here ready yeah
don't make me okay
is it God and I said why am i oh you're
in a crab cakes camera I will this is
is it too late to go back yeah yes I
mean you could I could just even the
other side out can we just leave it like
this we just leave it like this yeah so
okay so I'm gonna leave it like this now
let's let's finish this I'm gonna put
this camera down so she can actually
access this side and there you have it
no well I mean it's still stumble
because I don't want to go baby-faced
naked naked
creeper stash because I feel like I need
to have a little bit of hair on my face
to not make this too creepy you know I'm
saying it was turning it this way that
works but uh yeah hairs looking sexy
face lookin even 60s this is I'm
enjoying this Thank You cherish and now
Jake is getting his dude done it his
dude done did he's going we're both
gonna look like sexy men she's a baby
you're going and you're taking the vodka
gummy bears Jake yeah we have some left
yeah she brought his drunken gummy bears
cuz he always bring me a surprise you
bought me Girl Scout cookies and you did
where is it it's over here oh here it is
yes she brought me that mug and someone
did try to steal it but I caught them
sir
yeah jerks but I thank you stop I see
you in two weeks and we'll we'll do this
again okay I won't go well maybe I will
just let you shave it off again okay
thank you so much
okay guys that's all I have for you
today I am tired and I feel good that
today went well so I'm gonna go to sleep
now in and to start a new day tomorrow
I'm enjoying the look I hope you guys
not too but as always I'll see you guys
again tomorrow good bye other side you
dropped us oh I wasn't she good no no no
no no don't do it
