hey guys actually it's a little bit
later right now it's about four o'clock
in the afternoon I didn't vlog earlier
because I was actually shooting another
three episodes of odd jobs and they went
really well today I was shooting
actually with some youtubers with Greg
Benson
Nikhil emo and Steve green all of which
did absolutely amazing and it really
today's shoot went so smooth to shoot
three episodes and be done actually done
by like three I mean I couldn't ask for
a better more smooth day so that was
awesome I'm so I'm in a happy mood right
now cuz I still feel like I have like a
full day ahead of me even though I had a
whole shootin day this is great yeah you
look like shit forgot my makeup bag in
my nail-polish won't fix that function
for five weeks just trying to keep them
pretty cuz it's been a pretty than I
wouldn't buy them that's why I don't buy
it my nails because I think they look
really pretty it's time to go he's
singing like my mother it's a family
thing I actually didn't realize that
until like I started singing that
whatever okay we're all is awkward I'm
shaking
well I cuz you doing Terry if you're
watching it sounds great when you
singing she does watch these so mom mom
she's dissing you know I've matured I
just told her that she owns it but I
don't know you actually
beautiful voice already in the quiet the
church choir has it you wow this is an O
God Kai I wasn't gonna have but it
should have been I sing a lot like in
the shower and what I'm taking this shit
yeah
just don't get carried away too many
songs oh well you know
fuckin Jesus yeah I can show you that
I'm just Jake you I just okay okay well
anyway I want to go so I look a team my
nails are done don't they look pretty
they care slow went yeah I'm just
kidding it should look pretty they do
it's very therapeutic
okay I know yeah you think you did them
all by yourself a chance lady uh let me
get my backpack okay goodbye oh yeah no
okay
hey guys I just got my car washed and it
is pretty clean I don't know if you guys
can see how clean this is um eleven
everything my car I normally keep my car
very clean the thing is when we're doing
a lot of production stuff everything I
throw things in here different papers
different everything I'm like okay now
that we finished like this round of
pranks for break I'm getting this I'm
getting this is cleaned so everything is
spotless here I'll show you filmed a
little bit of them cleaning the outside
just because I was like look it's so
shiny fresh so uh check this out
I love the way the looks
I just finished work now and guess what
I'm still in my clean car not still I
dumped back into it I'm gonna go meet up
with ash face Ashley and although we're
doing they were gonna grab a drink as I
need to do something or didn't do yep
yeah you know you know what it is I'm
gonna go I want to go meet up with her
right now
yeah I'm at a restaurant it's called the
Cuban hollywood west hollywood along
with Vicki and with Ashley and then look
makalah Napoleon of Aikido safar Madeira
is from a rocky rocky rocky Oh
I totally agree begin to assess all this
place and discuss the B key owners and I
mean what I can always speak English so
you enjoy that the cheese that you can
find in her name
very excited look no oh sorry I'm Bobby
I could see oh wait I don't want to film
down your shirt
other side you drop this oh I wasn't she
good no no no no no oh no yeah yeah
don't do it anymore I only did it one
time no no I'm done
goodbye it's my rubber fist
it's mazak peaches and cream ah well
anyway I was taking them home to go to
sleep I know I was taking them home
to go to sleep and then as I left they
called me because they put their keys in
their place so they're coming to have a
slumber party
it is really hard
it's the horns it's the wake-up call
what the hell was that what were you
doing were you yeah oh okay well you
could blow my horn okay guys well that's
all I have for you today I'm talking a
little bit quieter because people are
sleeping in here and I need to be
considerate yep
so anyway yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
it I'm sorry that I haven't been
vlogging the last day or so and that's
just because sometimes I do need a break
and I need some sleep and I need to
catch up homework that's that but I hope
that you guys enjoyed watching today and
as always or as sometimes I was who guys
again tomorrow good bye
