hey guys another day today yes it is you
know why because yesterday was yesterday
in today's today I'm gonna go meet my
parents right now on Third Street and
then we're gonna go and grab some eat at
tender greens you guys too soon either
before it's where they have really good
salads clearly i think i'm lou to fatten
either side but that's just my opinion
and many of yours anyway something to go
meet them right now and then i'm gonna
go have myself some dinner or some food
or lunch or i don't know what time it is
fuck it
hello I was doing for a little while but
it's a good I love this boot you like it
this is brandon no this is zach hi Riley
this is Riley my sister um what are we
doing I'm waiting to go to Hooters but
Zach's girlfriend won't let him go who
zach is a little bit whipped to shit
because he text his girl but here we're
going to hooters which is actually a
family restaurant hey it is and then she
said uh-huh texting like one word
responses defy like have fun at hooters
well zech you better loosen that leash
Hana if you're watching this I'm sorry
by this time you've already broken up
with me who's all bitch boom not only is
he gonna get dumped but he'd got his
fake ID taken away too yeah we don't
condone illegal activity he's gonna be
21 in a month and he tried to use a fake
ID and they got taken away we're just
outing you on this blog you're used to
it it's okay we're not you live with
your parents well it can't get any worse
for him so we're gonna go to Hooters is
my friend years boom
but uh
buddhist night
are you yeah what should I stop no I
know you're talking are you in the
entire that's gone
are you ready this is very draining now
is that consignment droopy it's not even
drinking asshole wait wait okay
so fast you got to take it off at
something ok I just not drinking oh it's
all cut it so it looks like you were
checking ok I'll do that I'll cut it so
it looks like he'll never know don't you
hate it when you just start chafing and
you just wish like you didn't have
anything rubbing up against that well we
just we walked back Brendan had a good
walk back it's a little difficult for
him because shake it yeah he is chafing
but you look a little free now he's it
nice he had a breeze on your ball sack I
don't know is it weird that there's a
guy in here with us with his pants down
I've been through a normal this isn't
normal met Brandon that sounds really he
has many things this is brandon's other
old roommate yeah actually before
Brandon was my roommate last but we all
do weird things together again go walk
out keep walking I should push you right
now wait
this gets out on youtube i'm gonna be
pissed hey bread and what I just do what
I just do man just parted over there and
hopefully stinks I did just fart over
there except that I was just talking
about kicking his ass in mario kart yeah
I hope you guys smell that because it's
disgusting anyway I mean it's no it's no
surprise that I just fucking kick ass at
that shit so surprising you sucking life
bro don't be mean give fifty thousand
thousand subscribers yes but the
division ton tried TZ for not having
50,000 yeah you came and say it right
fuck you man fuck you man hey fucking
man yeah what if my pants meeting down
and your vlog doesn't get you 50
thousand subscribers then then we're
gonna recirc incise him dear yeah yeah
yeah with a Zacks mouth teeth itch she's
being yelled at his girlfriend cuz he
went to hooters tonight he actually is
over there talk to his girlfriend come
on we should watch your girlfriend gets
back you just check out the understood
busy thank you boo please
is he in the little room
cuz gave me sick sorry I understand so
let that be an example of the type of
girlfriend you don't go for he I don't
mean it I don't know her so I could say
that I'm not saying it's bad I'm just
saying like you know you know if your
guys if you're if you if your girl and
your boyfriend wants to go out with his
guy friends just to grab a beer so what
hey here hold of your lives like he
doesn't realize they can purge it is
crowded by bentley show you a little bit
boo boo watching you Josh your parents
right now no these guys just walked
upstairs good to know burn those
hilarious did you do to do do you forget
a bad did do you to do this is to
elevator for bitches you motherfucker
okay bye I see you later can i dad this
a sling it's mine girl mental i love you
i hope you never see this vlog please
don't break up with me if you do I have
something I have something seriously
please don't he asked one of those go
Spurs her number oh my god he's gonna
like make sure there's no way that she's
gonna watch this blog cuz all we've been
doing is bashing I'm sorry I'm sorry um
anyway we're not mean people which is
just friends fucking with France right
you guys do the same thing don't tell me
you don't I'm just doing it in a blog
where thousands of people watch you know
I'm totally gonna forget to let them out
the garage so let me let them out real
quick okay guys that's all i have for
you today that is the vlog that's the
end so i gotta get and i gotta edit this
I gotta go to bed and then tomorrow is
another shoot day for break we do
another three episodes of odd jobs i
gotta be on set by like 750 in the
morning
and I will go through another day that's
what it is it is what it is and that's
all that it is okay okay anyway I'm
gonna go so as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye
