hey guys i am at work right now so i'm
gonna do that and then afterward i'm
gonna try to go uh meet up with Dennis
and all them because guys it's danishes
birthday first thing on the vlog happy
birthday Dennis happen to bat but
birthday to you man a back at home now
and I got some people coming over and I
think you may know a few of them so
they're gonna come up in a few minutes
and then we will hang out with our wangs
out happy birthday Kevin Brueck it's not
my birthday oh it's Dennis it is
Dennis's birthday we get it we get a
little beard off going here I know but
this is the second shade just like a
hairy vagina yeah yours is wave when I
turn when I turn my face to the side do
you want to thing in my mouth now you
just got to do this like you can't do it
because with all the hair you got around
your mouth it can be not safe for work
you just do this oh oh I shouldn't it's
all hairy all around I'm not like a deal
is like like a vagina I don't see you
guys I don't know what else do they
don't know what a vagina looks well
you'll eventually see one let's see do
it oh yeah yeah guys in the comments
does alex is Mount not look like a
vagina it looks like a mouth I thought
it look like a faux Jacqueline whatever
anyway my sister's here too who who's in
there I see Janice and Tracy and mr. Sam
pepper it looks like I could tell by his
hair I think he's vlogging looks like
he's logging ah I see you looking right
up in the camera like I owe you that did
you fuck me
well I tried to plug you and then you
move the camera down the pizza getting
the jacks oh I have a lot I'll go hello
am I giving you uh oh your weight
already it's okay i just feel like it
i'm confident asshole as well as your
thing that night yeah here we both have
about same mother ginger 80 you give a
little more but your birthday plano
wherever else can you employ the tonic
in there think it's not taste good I
don't know see guys on the wii u VI yeah
i'm back either i actually knew that I
didn't know that but I could pretend I
didn't that way die oh my god I'm gonna
try to give me guys no way happy
birthday thanks birthday 18 Debra I
means you just you only you already
drunk ok drink drink it drink it ah a
roofie that shit I'm when I have sex
with this ball that's dogged jet sorry
asses like a centimeter of time you just
had any time water dividing a simple
chin oh my god can I have some tonic
water please it's prom night and the
princess is coming down the stairs oh it
was one of them ugly too
make sure it's just ugly and night the
gal was due to make up on all the
popular girls yeah makeup again this is
the final product when are we going to
go to beautiful this right pants no it's
a good look right hey yeah Christian is
downstairs I'm looking down or yeah
we're gonna go we're gonna go we're
gonna head to dinner for Emma's birthday
I did get Dennis a gift for his birthday
Dennis you can you can do whatever you
want with it Oh how's it taste mr.
migraine with it that's your way what
good no no I got that for I got that for
Dennis for his birthday Oh trying to be
articles okay and that's the gift I got
you for your birthday that's the beating
you got birthday would abuse not popping
it was a whole song oh Vanessa I know
but God's so sad haha you jump I didn't
look at this here I want to show the
holes you Megan oh my god everyone loves
his blue laser italia taking pictures
with fans
I know I just look like a bitch look
like a video taping him exactly but you
know every watch everyone goes serious
love him there's way too many of us and
not enough chairs at all I know Kevin
attendants have like a genuine face
right there you're splitting up and now
we fish we fit you want to fit inside
this is
it
Brandon evidence even filled in his
phone everyone is it's so weird to sit
at a table with everyone having their
cameras out sad my fam say hi Tamra hi
you say hi say hi camera that's my might
she's my bitch is my only fan oh she's
the only one subscribe to my channel I
don't have any birthday hey it's
Tennyson
you enjoy yourself hi it's so weird yeah
look who's here say hello give me some
food say hello yeah sure alcoholic right
but Jack Foley nothing she's fucking
epic mom should fucking epic hashtag
blue net income funny actually oh yes
you give me like the YouTube comments
again I may be drunk by now in fact the
YouTube comments already have it so
wrong Sarah sure oh ok yeah I'm that
creepy guy that's just trying to film
from the corner with a camera while two
girls are going at it
you guys it actually cannot land up on
the vodka okay it is going on the vlog I
can't even say blog is another blog it's
on the block you know it's an odd but
shrug yes don't get to subscribe my
channel Oh Oh Harley do it video are you
leaving mr. Kevin yes I'm taking off Oh
a good bite right before he gets in his
car I can include your mind trick I got
a long drive ahead of me I gotta get
back to studio city no I'm not doing
that cuz I don't drink and drive wait
what no I can't what this kit is too
easy something i'll stop this and then
you could drink it dry but it's your
birthday and you just look so good I'm
so hot yeah oh yeah turn on with in
fines I feel like I'm in uh Antarctica
way more important oh ok ok i was born
in frankfurt germany go on a birthday
suit six thanks bro it is his birthday
yesterday but thanks belated appreciate
my an asshole what I mean the big day
today before the day we actually arguing
yeah
Oh so guys it was a great should happen
yeah hey you're not your birthday is
memorable it is memorable I cops were
involved South Africa's got rooked off
in Santa Michelle um Ãºnico we just
showed you knuckle she got down oh my
god she got down cops were involved
bitches got slapped teeth could knocked
out and hoes got fulfilled supported on
I death what ashley is having good night
too so Dennis Dennis of it it's really
it's no I'm keeping this in no hell yeah
so anyway we had a great night and
Dennis had a very memorable birthday yo
peace o Allah dude well I wallet I know
holiday ok man's peace out peace see you
Jim Calif Ashley let's go back for some
sex I'm just kidding guys I'm gonna go
but actually that's the end I hope you
guys enjoyed watching this vlog
a lot of us fuck off
okay guys well that's all i have to
offer for tonight i hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and as always yeah as
always i will see you guys again
tomorrow just do it you have no idea
just do it I think someone's tired yeah
do you want to just wake her up for me
please
