hey guys it's a new day and it's a good
day you know why because every day is a
good day I'm actually waiting on Dennis
to come over because we're going
somewhere cool i will tell you guys in a
few seconds he should be showing up any
minute now Dennis where art thou
I did yeah wait for the elevator i
thought when i get to the bottom floor
elevator door should be open a lot next
time i'll send it down for you these
guys must be big youtubers yeah put a
little youtube we're at the we're
arriving at YouTube Dennis and I are
going to unlock the space which means we
go in here and after a quick orientation
we're allowed to use any of their
studios or equipment for free whenever
we want so that's what we're doing here
and I am super excited to be at YouTube
and do this right we're get the master
key yeah hell yeah buna they r in
youtube yes are you a stripper pole yeah
once you unlock the space you are free
to use their cameras so I'm gonna miss
all these
you what's explain this to me I'm doing
my Instagram pictures in the same size
does matter oh well it does it does back
that's why I've been single for so long
I have to wait on oh look look who
decided to come back bathroom ah get
balladeer different juice oh did you
have to go the bathroom get validated
with the ticket I have no Dennis went
back there was this guy there that
Dennis was really into dude oh okay I
don't know you're gay no okay did you
get promise not gonna put that in my god
I'm just saying hello and the fine
excuse hi I'm Jenny chris is campaigning
like I can't actually say on their blog
f20 goes up high so is it in focus it
isn't focused okay hi guys so it's
pretty late at least for me on a school
night it's 27 minutes past ten and Alex
and I have been sitting up um what
should I say sure okay well I don't know
me don't touch don't touch alex has this
thing where he loves to touch technical
appliances d you can't hand and handle
it when you show me something on
yourself and then I take it I just want
one k will you touch my technical plants
I knew that was coming and it doesn't
happen all the time it just mainly
happens and the camera comes out so it's
on michalak sand I spend the whole day
together while he makes sexual innuendos
about different things anyway so him and
I have been sitting up yeah I'm as crazy
computers which are giving me a headache
my youtube channel
rude but we'll get the more information
later but Luca mental information later
about that yes it's not ready yet it's
not setting it up and yeah and we'll get
going we'll get moving you guys could
end up you know leaving me and going to
you know fondle her channel oh my gosh
have your channel ah in irrya and
they're gonna be some exciting
collaborations maybe and maybe I don't
know for some exciting ideas but yeah
watch the space y'all watch this space
it just looks like you're wasted it's
twelve o'clock and I to judge Lachlan
just be not tied it
and I'm hoping that this gonna make me
tighten up to me I don't addicts will be
up with like another flowers I don't get
a bit too like three or four
oh well you get which one you pick in
not really recognizing anything you can
switch the pages I don't know oh is that
it okay on this one Crocodile Rock hold
on let's get it on Marvin Gaye okay so
we're trying to do let's get it on one
goal one eh
Oh
you do it I think it's funny men nike
it's a gay we could get a lot anyway I
know it took it I saw it on there took
it ya know hey
hi do other things work they do I just
put my caught in and I put in the number
and it's not working
Oh playing like rim
everything little shit for yours yeah
I'm gonna play on the court if it
doesn't play I'm on fifty cents on my
burger to work out yeah feisty South
Africa geez I'm sorry I hate what I get
what if i pay if bitches paid money
honey Simmons gift with it how much do
you cost us the first sexual comment
alex is made or like whatever comment
that ever complains about the time when
two o'clock in the morning the first one
is made at least four hours we've had
actually a very nice night where I have
I haven't really pulled out the blog
camera it's been more we've been very
special time that's the time special
time that good that's been good I i I've
been very happy tonight that's good
let's get it up got your soup as my soup
smells Amos chicken soup
I don't know what to fit a lot either I
don't know what's open I was really
expecting this a little bit better than
this but it's great head up I'm still
good looked my big the cat hey laying on
your burger
berger she's really weird
I think someone's tired yeah do you want
to just wake her up for me please that's
funny though you got a scared her yeah
okay guys well i'm home now and took
Ashley back it's like I about four in
the morning it's really late and I got
work in the morning yeah that happened
so I'm gonna get to sleep and then I got
actually going to work kind of early but
I still have edit this so we go wake up
really early or edit this now I don't
know I don't know guys I'm gonna go to
bed but I'd find tonight and today was
great I'm excited about YouTube and the
stuff I could do with the future now
that I get to use their space in their
equipment whenever I want for free so
unlock the space is an awesome program
that tube has but anyway I hope that you
guys enjoyed watching and as always I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
a special friend of mine came to visit
and have lunch with me hello Oh
that was hellas lovely
