hey guys I'm at work right now well I'm
not at work I'm in the parking lot for
work but I'm gonna head into work right
now and then I'm gonna get started and
we're gonna do our day as we'd always do
do today today today nap yeah
every Wednesday outside where I work
they have a farmers market all these
tents and they make fresh food and it's
really good and then today a special
friend of mine came to visit that have
lunch with me hello oh that was Ella's
lovely yeah she came to have lunch today
and then I'm gonna show her the the
office and she'll check it out she's
actually staying like just down the
street from here so it makes it easier
she could walk over here
uh-huh I still take a cab she still
takes a cab and then stops okay I know
now she told me she's like I'm just
gonna take care I'm like okay so I'll
see you in a minute
she got here before I can get downstairs
in my building
I'm lazy today give me a break she did
fall asleep on her friend's floor I'm
Vicky's floor you guys have been big
news apparently I don't do big days I've
had some feedback on my Instagram so I
decide to do some exercises morning some
ABS some legs like in the apartment
better they were pathetic and I was
lying on the floor doing ads on my
friend
now she's eating she's the exercise was
nothing it was sleeping and taking a cab
one minute I've been stuffing her face
you're doing a great job we got to
change - Lee I showed up here after work
and she was just out by the pool but I
look at my pool attire I don't know if
you could see this is like one of those
awkward selfies that people do they are
like MySpace
not even face like yeah wait is it
creepy that I have a camera out and
you're gonna change yeah I should like
to get like my underwear it's gonna slip
okay well maybe I'll just keep the
camera this way okay I'll turn it off
sorry guys so I'm doing something that
I've never done before I'm going for a
manicure with a friend which I've done
before but never a guy greater what if
see me do this before
it's really new to me I've never even
had a manicure the guys so this is gonna
be interesting
we finished and our nails look so now
we're gonna get in my car
right actually it's my car engine oh
yeah is this yours oh yeah that's my
kitchen I made it actually uh I tried
really hard to remember engine but never
gotten like are you trying to kick me in
the nuts
that wasn't a sexual thing that wasn't a
sexual thing I just want to get your
motors turn your motor turning or I want
to I want to fuck you in the pussy what
no mom mom I'm really sorry okay
by the way know the reason why well
there's a reason I said it
hey I'm sorry miss panda hood I'm sorry
miss miss there's a reason I said it
though it has nothing to do with you
there's a there's a viral video on
YouTube of the newscaster yeah and the
guy steals the microphone it goes he
goes and I'm trying to pose so that's
it's I'm excused sorry for my language
but it had nothing to do with you mom I
have no I'm just a stupid American this
just gets more and more manly because
now we're at Tony's but hey she's gonna
are you going to try on underwear No
Oh customers the costume
costume
as they have weird names for everything
in other countries here yeah you can
take the the blog camera into the
dresser I won't go in there I won't even
look I'm back at home now and actually I
want to show you guys something
come with me
I have a new roommate yeah I'm vlogging
Riley my sister is actually she just
moved in the rooms very plain you don't
have anything in here yet yeah see
everything's kind of empty this she had
another one right here
and she didn't want it so I took it and
did something with it look rather than
having my closet filled with all this
crap buy crap I mean magic juice look at
this this is now every because that it's
hurt a lot I gotta like stand back it
goes down there that's there some space
and then all the way up and these are
all filled all the way back but yeah you
guys have seen my collection plenty of
times
oh no there's a straight bottle oh no I
will find a place for you there's a
there's always a place for someone I
just have to move everything around now
great but yeah I'm excited for my new
liquor rack until we get our Nix
earthquake did the next earthquake then
I'm fucked now when you walk into my
room you automatically know that the
person who lives there is an alcoholic
right
because you walk in it's like Oh Abed
who the TV's around the corner you might
not even have that that's my
entertainment guess why
yeah I mean it just appears to be
alcoholism it's not it's actually more
of a display piece than anything I love
to make drinks for people and sometimes
for myself but I don't drink too often
at least my own stuff yeah I'm so
excited for this I know I know I'm like
ranting about this it's just it's at
that I love it I love it it's one step
closer to having my bar back if you guys
haven't seen back when I lived in Malibu
like I don't even know if my first vlog
sat or whatever but I actually had a
full set up bar with like step ups and a
serving bar and everything in this this
is getting closer Jake just got here and
I showed him my thing already my my box
of magic on the wall wall of match wall
of magic is what it's called I've been
texting people checking my wallet magic
anyway so we're gonna play Mario Kart
yeah we're like Mario Kart but the best
way to play Mario Kart is drinking and
driving the karts in the game not in
real life don't drink and drive but
we're drinking Barbara that's like
Jake's favorite is it not yeah I'm like
one of your fit it's like your favorite
sipping it's one of my favorite sipping
silver ice on rocks Molly's and I like
whiskey yeah because I was just yeah
fireball on the rocks is what he drinks
and justice so we're gonna do that and
place a Mario Kart mom we just finished
playing 16 different tracks and Jake
kind of kicked my ass you kind of kicked
my ass yeah but not to use as an excuse
but I'm not a very good truck driver
actually Jake does seems to do better
when he's trying to at least at least at
least it's the illusion you are at least
in my car oh yeah no we're not talking
about I keep saying drunk driving like I
mean that's what we call playing Mario
Kart trunk call drunk driving so and
that's just a fun thing we I I don't
think I can I'm not very good when
been drinking so yeah but anyway it was
fun look baby's done it's like doing the
credits and yeah don't drink and drive
okay guys what's all I got for you today
I am tired as a motherfucker I really
need to go to bed I'm gonna head to bed
right now and then as always
yeah we'll see you guys getting tomorrow
good bye
oh you know the a-team baby a team on
the way right yeah
