hey guys I don't even start to vlog
tilted on its after work right now hi JD
hey hey hey Brandon tell side away from
red and then we're gonna meet up with
him right now where is he he's outside
and we're back in the garage a wild
Brandon had appeared hey you peered
where did you appear um this for the
Kings let's go Kings know in the garage
he appeared oh I think said where'd you
get your beard no I said where did you
appear yes oh oh I appeared in the phone
you're one to talk oh you think Jace to
I think Jake's Cuban you are bro we just
got dinner and I know Jake says I'm
whole of lager cuz i didn't i didn't
show a lot of horrible water i know i'm
just the worst I'm the worst all of you
hater colors are bright no so we went to
that place that you guys chip normally
see me have shabu which is the thing
where you put the meat in the water but
this time we tried a new one called
sukiyaki where you cook meat and then
instead of sauce you dip it into raw egg
that you beat yourself and that's that's
how you eat it oh whoa whoa Jake's like
trying to be battling you
Oh
oh my god they chasing me with the
helicopter
people walking fits I'm flying yeah I
haven't done omegle in a long time so
I'm let Brandon to omegle he he hasn't
done it yeah have you you haven't done
yet no bezel somewhat Jake and Brandon
and your hand hopefully you get my
zippers done well at least my dick won't
come out because it can't even reach the
zipper got such a tiny little dick
anyway so if you guys recognize Brandon
then you'll be able to you know talk to
me I'll come on but you got to find him
first I mean if you're watching this
blog you're a little late but we're
doing it I am blogging your wiener ok
let's go on this ready and I want to see
if people know who you are turn turn
fine i will feel so awful if you guys
don't recognize me on omegle i will feel
so neglected you fart no oh that is most
part you smell what The Rock is cooking
by we have a really hard time with that
someone I skipped you well this is all
oh this is fucked hi hi I I like your
glasses your Brandon right yes yay yeah
I love you guys you know who he is of
course hi Alex hi how are you
good how are you very good what's your
name come on I am uh do you know who
this is oh no sorry haha you have been
denied he's in a lot of my vlogs like
Who I am where I am oh it's a 12 am
where I am I the way it was you don't
know who Jake is Oh Jake I think sorry I
didn't recognize him right away yeah
he's like yeah I know his hey hey what's
up man nice shirt thanks man what's
going on that's it Alex yeah hey man i
can't believe man into you it's awesome
I can't believe you're wearing my shirt
that's awesome yeah I just got your
tweet and then I got really happen I
couldn't find a certain well map you
found it cuz you're now you're on the
vlog with my shirt you're rocking it
thanks for rocking it yeah it's like
how's it going I need I need mine
where's my I'll have mine right now it's
going great were you located oh no what
happened I don't know what happened oh
my no wait it looks live in our side
what I don't know what happened or who
no no you frozen hello hello she's magic
we can't see you here oh IC r three
clubs three of clubs hey check this up
yeah red deck of cards so I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna run down the chords like
this I want you to tell me when to stop
go for Brendan shut up well yes yes top
which one do you want the jack or the
eight the jack the jazz up the jack DJ
yes all rights watch this always I snap
and all the cards turn below step 4 well
I was card if that's aight a hard
someone card is your
whoa awesome asus I can't be doing magic
with a red jack o diamonds so undersized
rub it principal oh wow very impressive
hola Brian wait you think is it but guys
this is you guys know my brother-in-law
Alex these are his brothers what do you
guys do it on my own mega chat pod you
man you try to find me are you are you
an 80 word of course not one
congratulate you are doing my co
Godfather on what oh did you not go wait
what you're gonna be a godfather did you
just ruin a surprise for me I'm gonna be
godmother and congratulations all I'm
not she very excited but you definitely
just ruined it you know that Riley Reiff
they're gonna be the godmothers and Eric
that's okay well hey guys I'm gonna be a
godfather that's that's news to me i'm
happy they told you before they told me
yeah my bad it's a gay you just ate look
they were gonna tell me off the vlog and
you told me on the vlog so now it's they
get to see this week in real time I'm
gonna be a godfather awesome right yeah
I would told me that I was supposed to
be in new york that weekend you told me
that if I didn't fly back for the baby
shower that I was switching within up to
be a godmother so obviously i switch my
place well then I'll see you at the baby
shower hello
oh look hey hey there's Alex with you ah
who's Alex oh you know me day 18 baby a
team all the way right yeah got you
buddy hey t I don't have an a right here
but I i think i am i'm alex i'm a yeah i
know but you know daddy team so good
that I hat so a right on it ya know hey
we're your friends what's your name my
name is hamza from Saudi Arabia I wait
you're over there right now oh no I'm
Japan you're in Japan yeah I'm studying
here very cool I have a friend in China
it's not the same thing but I love the
things a little bit different a little
bit different hey hello oh hi what's up
do you know who we are yeah I love your
blog what are our names on Brandon one
ball inside the gate Jake oh you almost
called him Alex yeah yeah yeah everyone
when well I love you supporting my blogs
you make them happen just you you by
yourself
Oh sucker oh and uh oh how's it going
good seeing you too what's your name
okay what's your name my name is that
was the same ah where are you from oh
sure well I don't know my shirt says
black full of liking I'm branded that's
Jake and this is alex oh I know you
you're from Sri Lanka oh you live in
Sacramento yeah I knew that I knew that
oh I didn't know that I was just going
no you're no now I know that we should
have a slumber party what how do i
pronounce your name Jay I heard LeBron
James brought James so tractable oh yeah
type it on Jen Jen Jen almost almost
you're not all mostest
almost perfect good next hey hi hey how
are you good you're a very nice smile
what's your name axel where are you from
where are you from Oh California
California your neighbors we're in
California hey query side riverside not
too far do you know who i am and do you
know who he is Jake oh you're a
professional yeah you know who Alex
Mandela's course who the hell is that
hey how's it going hi oh my god 80 cash
o mine is ooh I think I think we were
meant to be soulmates oh wait look how
red my faces right now it's not even
okay take a picture you push you can
you're gonna be on the vlog anyway
tomorrow wait for you hey god i want you
too baby Jake squeeze your head in get
to get the whole gang look into this
guy's kid cool how's it going what are
you guys up date just just watching you
man megalyn hey Wiz Ellie's Oh Alex let
me call for him Alex yeah what's going
on we got what how's it going over there
all the way in Australia I love
Australia by the way I
way everything in the bimbo sorry why
would you come over here from Australia
I love Australia I want to go over there
you should do a blog of you I would love
to do a vlog over there let's let's go I
went to go to Australia and you actually
answered one of my questions it was to
that girl from South Africa yes Oh which
question did you ask Ashley was then it
was about a jerk apparently what the
jerk was but was it the elephant one
that's right that was yours hahaha
that's funny we were just I was just
talking about that with her you know
she's in town now yes being following
you blokes eh yeah oh yeah very cool
yeah no she's in town now so she could
help her uncle jack off an elephant see
I still remember that joke maybe to
kumas half an hour to find you guys took
a half hour damn damn well I'm happy you
found us you actually you're actually
the last one I'm gonna show tonight yeah
we're gonna we've been doing it for a
while now so we've been looking around
and talking a bunch of people so we're
we're ending on an Aussie way guys I
hope that you guys enjoy that did you
enjoy it yeah did you enjoy this yeah we
enjoyed it I do love a fight like it's
funny to talk to you guys and then you
guys like I was the one that wrote this
it puts faces to people who only see
texts from when you guys comments and
everything so Oh Jake don't hit me in
the penis I didn't you almost did I just
faked it oh he faked it mean Jake the
way we flinch on camera I just like it
I'm gonna walk over here anyway guys
it's always great to put a face to the
viewers into the a-team I love doing
that much I do it more i'm going to try
to an Omega with Ashley so that you guys
can try to get her naked because I
failed so let's do that soon and as
always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
wassup I don't know I'm just blogging
over on the blog again
