hey guys so it's new day today i am with
Vicki and Ashley again except they
decided to come here saying we'd go on a
bike ride and we rode like a block from
my place and then now they're like i'll
actually we have to go so we're taking
the bikes back and they're gonna leave
me well you can come to the bride what
do I actually don't want to steal my
parents doing stay here and see if I
might hang out with that but i'll let
you know and man will do something
lovely ok jonin oh okay love you bye
looks even more I love you guys more
than I love you guys ok thanks oh are
you later ok see you later chowda right
about to grab dinner with my family
whole family's here so we're all waiting
mother that's the noise she makes
instead of saying hello
the water
what is that I don't know I'm just
blogging yeah Shia doesn't like to be on
camera one day he'll get comfortable in
front of the camera
so per usual alex is not finishing his
beer on time I was savoring it I was
safer to the chug this video I'm telling
you don't do it don't do it look if you
make me laugh I wanna hear on your face
big black
turn it down I don't like that noise
don't do that you complain because he's
not even acting right I shouldn't even
be telling you guys this but i'm really
bad with bodily functions when it has
actually I Koufos okay are they you know
my lover that's the first one that
you're okay with no like I'm okay with
hearing about some pooping or something
I don't like only once a stop on paints
not and like lives phlegm and hocking
loogies and guys I got a challenge for
you send Alex your greatest snot rocket
don't have yes don't edit i will i will
run something of a semi stop picture
they're not subscribe did not subscribe
to me to watch this let me tell you just
finish it
Oh
yay
tink are you going yeah yeah dude well
what if I don't let you out dog show me
how the hell I will better I will
Brandon gonna cuddle with a cuddle broke
down yeah here's what they want yeah
yeah really sad i can join this could be
an epic cuddle session Jake is missing
out don't cry Dogg Oh cries you know
fine just leave this go I'll let you out
I'll let you out I'll let you out
goodbye by watching you give me boy me
go yeah that kind of session really got
me tired yeah he was just stroking his
beard now mine mine yeah okay okay how
about to hit oh hey life else win ok
guys i am actually exhausted i really am
so i need to go to bed i was planning on
actually editing right now but I'm ahead
in the morning so that's all I have for
you today I hope that you guys enjoyed
and as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye so we're doing
something very cool right now right ok
pharrell and Bruno Mars with my whole
family yes my sister's my money would
either and annexes doin brother oh my
