hey guys I wha I'm just starting my vlog
right now it's a little bit it's I think
it's like noon right now it's a good
time to start I am going to assist in
the I think this is the final final
shots for offering for the doc Holland
music video Lord willing
yes so yeah he's washing my car right
now cuz since I didn't know was gonna be
in the shot so do know yeah
actually you could just sit here and no
no you'll just sit here and you know
yeah yeah we'll take your shirts off and
you could just watch and you'll be like
my car you'll be really wet yeah no you
don't need to help you stay over there
we just finished filming the music video
you did great oh you're spilling soup
we're at sushi get out what a surprise
we can go into Japanese every time just
cuz I like her fish the fridge that I'm
staying with isn't that Japanese crazy
so I've been eating my lunch of like
foundation
get my jab off okay so we can get a job
what I didn't say it's all wrong anyway
yeah so just gonna go the same on your
blog of course everything's on my blog
actually makes normal comments and Alex
just inappropriately interprets them my
white eyes are for them they're the ones
I suck them up at the end of every blog
yeah so we're doing something very cool
right now right we're gonna see Pharrell
and Bruno Mars with my whole family
yes my sister is my mudda leader and
brother
financially
are you excited Ashley yeah plug it see
she's like that even when I'm not in
luggage it's good oh we got steaks look
at look at this I by the way I won't be
facing backwards the whole time just
while I eat this is how close we are
I'm gonna do you first joke
yes a singer comes to that
she's going hard on that so you burn my
mouth
I'm back at my parents house now that
was an awesome concert super fun
everyone he's actually making a pee-pee
right now so she's not available it was
fun right yeah great great amazing
amazing I had such a good time I hope
that you guys enjoy the clip strip what
it's time to go here we go and wait did
you wipe Ashley oh you wipe with this
okay we're heading but I'm heading back
to my place okay guys that's all I have
for you today
that's the vlog I had a good time I hope
that you guys enjoyed watching it was so
awesome to go to that concert and sit
right in front of Quentin Tarantino
infamous director and also sitting
behind us was Jessica Alba and Hilary
and Haylie Duff and it was like nuts and
that Scooter Braun came up to say hi to
my dad there was just so many people is
so weird to see like all these different
people even Gwen Stefani happened to be
a special guest that showed up on stage
and then she sat like a few behind us it
was crazy it was nuts and I had an
awesome time with Ashley as well so if
you're watching Ashley thank you for
coming cuz I had to give time to you
anyway she doesn't already told her but
yeah that's what I have for you guys so
as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
you wouldn't believe what these are you
get to pick the sausages and which ones
you want the ones that we picked our
main arm is called the rattlesnake
it's bait and a fastening and rabbits
