hey guys how's it going not that you can
answer me right now but that's okay I
just got to work right now I'm at the
offices of break and I'm just gonna go
in we got we got a film Kevin's outros
today to the videos like what you see at
those end cards at the end of the prank
break pranks videos things anyway since
we're filming today and then we're
developing some more ideas so we can get
back out shoot some more pranks yeah I'm
wanting to work now Kevin what do you
would you honestly think of me being
honest you're kind of you've kind of
been being a dick it lately uh-huh what
do you mean it's just your attitude
about everything you just I don't know
you seem like a different person I'm
sorry that you think of a dickhead I'm
just gonna go back door now only on your
friends you know I'm just giving you an
honest opinion okay I I respect that I'm
sorry and if your friends can't give you
an honest opinion I don't know I don't
know what to tell you so that's okay
that's okay I understand I'm with two
people you guys haven't seen in a while
mr. Jake and miss Angela where we're
actually we're about to eat sausages
they have like all these specialty
sausages wear skirts whatever I don't
know we're gonna get some interesting
ones
you wouldn't believe what these are you
get to pick the sausages and which ones
you want the ones that we picked our
main is called the rattlesnake it's made
out of fastening
and rabbits so pray and
yes it's real rattlesnake in real rabbit
and in sausage I'm really excited to try
it
yeah I did you see rattlesnake and
rabbit it was good we all had it you had
their to write you had the same thing
I've had it before ya know you've had
their the one that took me duck and
bacon was that one good but duck has a
very like distinct flavors oh yeah oh
yeah rattlesnake and rabbit that mix was
actually it didn't taste like I didn't
taste weird it tasted awesome just like
a sausage yes a sausage fest in your
mouth I want to show you guys something
funny I came in here and I was wondering
why they have clothes on the ceiling and
on the walls my ass is that why do you
have that why are they stapled a least a
part they said if someone leaves their
clothes here they've taken and they
staple it to the ceiling if you see your
clothes when you come in here you can
take it down you can have it but that
way it's easier to see it end it's your
punishment for leaving your goal
statement to the stable into the set
yeah the backdoor sluts 9
yeah yeah we filled backdoor sluts and
there was there was a lot of a lot of
poop and a lot of blood and semen and
we're gonna watch a movie now we're
gonna watch Don John you haven't seen it
right I haven't seen either we're
watching a movie let's do it watching on
netflix netflix this would what you make
it fun of me Angela oh you're singing
okay let's sing together at least
Scarlett Johansson movie yeah I'm gonna
watch strategy to it is awesome there's
Joseph quickly it's what just call him
Jason Jason I really liked Jason Gordon
level whoa grants of the McMahons I'm
such a big fan of Jason Heyward 11 it's
joseph okay we're gonna watch it this
has become like an ongoing trend with me
I don't even know why I think it's well
I dunno why it's cuz I need more sleep
but last night I told you guys well he
saw cuz it's the last clip that I was
watching a movie I slept through the
whole movie and then Jake and Angelo
were gone and then I woke up on the
couch at like four thirty in the morning
and just walked over here to my bed and
realize like great I didn't vlog
anything else but that's you know what
guys it doesn't matter cuz i had the
vlog and then i went to sleep and then
now i'm vlogging in the morning and now
I have a new day today so I'm going to
just go ahead and edit this and get you
this and then as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye I get to
work
with my dad right are we working
together we are working together I'm the
director you have to listen to me today
I'm sorry I didn't I wasn't listening
what
