hey good it's a new day and we still
move it yeah first of all we are now on
our way to pump rings yeah it's got a
clever car another convention if they
have to ring you back bye max glass box
with yes playlist yesterday well see
like left questions they got back like
late at night woke up this morning and
we're drying on wood and so we have like
40 30 we're good
like a good time now we're here I was
that's one you're claiming can you get
out now no I didn't want that one this
one the cellar nice things on it
yeah sorry that's for me yeah bitches
this one's way more comfortable anyway
yeah I didn't bounce very much it is
comfortable
like it's like it's like night super but
I thought it was like more like a sinker
and I didn't I didn't test it it still
it wasn't painful oh yeah it's not like
it's not fun alright yeah it's just it's
just like a firm yeah it's like like a
big strong mattress out yeah for a firm
doubts normally I'm pretty good about
like if I vlog I don't wait a few days
to put it up I just put it up the next
day because I could edit that night or
the next morning before I upload but
please just made it so hard to like get
everything done I mean I had to as soon
as we were done like recovering it was
time to go do the next day's festivities
so you guys are seeing this a little bit
later this resort actually has 16
buildings which is insane like you could
take a shuttle to all different
buildings so we have friends that all
over this place it's for itself
yeah what do they have like 8 pools or
something 8 pools they have like it's a
restaurant yeah but Jackie and Alex are
here with Abby and Axl so we're gonna go
meet up with them I don't know if
they're probably done eating but we are
hungry so we need to get some fucking
chicken
we'll get that after me I see little
ones over here hello
oh yeah oh and then the big one little
ones and then the big one the big one
he's good now you know you're mapping
statistician how are you decide to see
uncle Alex what are you going to do Nina
don't throw them on me I know what
you're gonna do no Christmas Andrea's
here but please don't throw boogies on
uncle he doesn't like oh no yeah that
looks great right there until your bees
started weekend off a little fancy yeah
does he have this fire festival
conditions with the food at this we were
so worried about coming here and like
inches higher they have like different
cool animals here on the property this
is a fat bearded dragon I had a visitor
you ad
Hey this property is wonderful okay and
they've all these animals around here
it's almost like a zoo like they made
their hotels poor little kid yeah I love
dude
what's over here this is the African
spurred tortoise bobbing bird is a bunny
well that's a big bunny giant rabbit
there's one behind him sue I think is
there yeah I know that is a big bunny
okay I want to cuddle there's anything
so nice
one thing they also do here that's super
cool is in like the main lobby they have
an enclosure where they have a rescue
dog that is come and play with and walk
and keep company but you could also
adopt her right now this is Lucy is up
for adoption you're cooking sweetheart
just licking me yes Lucy is up for
adoption and guess who Lucy is going
home with oh hi so nice sweetheart we
got someone logging our earlier like oh
my god it is oh hi all right oh you want
scratches property amazing they look
like Jackie Chan yeah I'm judging you
with my iced tea what better way to
explore the property then with a golf
Kyle
they don't actually rent these out like
we said we were we wanted to go we're
really avid golfers everybody need to
see the other one is Florida Forest
first before me
go off-roading go
Oh
I'm so sorry I told you hold on I can't
like oh my god so sorry are you okay
be sure yeah you live on your hip yeah
we should take the track now oh I'm so
sorry
oh I'm a mess Oh our Europe I don't
leave a mess of it I don't know a mess
I'm taking this back here we go back now
hope you hold on I want something
apparently if we yell Denis Denis dad I
don't know I don't know I see people
walk around it kind of looks like Dennis
it I don't know if it's not that isn't
no I don't think that was Dennis
actually said it is y'all gonna okay you
try yelling it is yeah Jackie Jackie was
like just yell Dennis and he'll come out
in the shower down yeah look at what he
set up in his hotel room
this is ridiculous the whole VR set up
something that your gaming rig and
everything oh that one was still running
check this out yeah sure you check out
I've never tried VR so how many times
I've never tried it I hope you fall I
don't say that oh I want to wait to go
twitches we try it okay okay we could
wait you're gonna wait look after the
graphics of this well I'm going to try
for the first time on his twitch so if
you guys want to follow him on Twitch so
you guys can see me try for a very first
time because we'll wait for that it's
strictly VR there yeah his all he does
is VR on his twitch so it's just that I
gotcha TV slash is it Dennis Roady
already lost a dancer Dennis Roady
okay I got on here is gonna be sniffing
out yeah I'm like so honestly the skin
thing for me with VR is not about what's
going on in the goggles it's about being
afraid of everyone gonna be screwed with
me outside oh no stop Alec got pooped on
so don't look it I'm trying not to swear
okay it was here just try to get the
bunnies he's coming to everyone to get
petting to get pets
hey buddy they are adorable
yeah they fuck like rabbits
everyone is barking instead of one
everyone is by being by peeing we
indentical feel like I have to be our
party everyone to drink in just a little
bit conference we have cockroaches in
the room Tonica cosmos from the house
polity context actually they're about to
get married and I about to know right
you know that you know what ordained
minister I could make this happen like
right now I was your hairdresser I'm
everything yeah yeah you can't do
anything on the Internet
except order there you go order it
everybody's all get a car you get a
drink
let's get in fine unison guys right
right now up and down nice very nice
five six five six seven and everyone and
down and up and what is happening right
now
put this all into your hands here toes
okay
no giant girl and my guess is you're
good oh my god
whoa haha three barely knows what is
going on it
oh my god was only oh man forever
Jesus Jesus
this looks really real
I show ya go welcome is it
yes so disgusting which is what you're
like mouth oh yeah it would your old man
Belvedere although my god
our Lily release the folks
oh dude we are so close to lobby and you
call the cops are like a solid two
minutes what that Lobby
yeah he's the homie though yes is out
thank you all you think you can walk no
good not have walked here we could have
walked Magnavox where are you getting it
are you getting over yeah great
walk this was where lucky did say like
that
can we wear where there one else going
on know where they are I need to pee
whoa
that was back Baxter of all of you Wow
God you guys are hitting me in the ears
can we go guys enough it is funny and
now we're into it again
oh we consider clothing our last night
or not another day idea yeah okay mom
more like this yeah
anyway we had such a fun day we're here
just today for like a little bit doing
some things and we're leaving tonight to
go back to LA so you guys will go back
to LA vlogs in a little bit but we hope
you guys enjoyed watching this one we
had kind of fun we love it here this is
so relaxing I'm work on is absolutely
crushing it
yeah it's great so thanks for inviting
us clever con if you're watching this
but on that note we will see you guys
again soon goodbye
let's do this no no people running we
got to go
