hey guys guess what I'm at work but I'm
also at my house again we're shooting oh
don't take me no - no taping beside he's
security today okay I'm gonna leave I'm
gonna leave oh now we're gonna shoot and
today I get to work with my dad right
are we working together we are working
together I'm the director you have to
listen to me today I'm sorry I didn't I
wasn't listening
we're gonna work
it'll be a fun day we just finished we
just wrapped on a shoot on the beach -
and everyone now see once you once my
dad appeals for the final thing and
everyone kind of knows who his cover's
blown so everyone's waiting to take
pictures but no we had a great day and I
wanna show you were gonna kick my dad's
ass so amazing today was really well I
can't wait to show you guys when it goes
up it'll be up around Father's Day so we
had a good day CJ everyone
and wrapped we're just gonna Raschi
going to Hooters for some wings and beer
to just you know wrap out the day that's
that's my work for the day let's let's
Cheers these are you in this CJ it was
good shoot was good
yeah playing bjurman
it's happy hour and only a few beers are
unhappy our pricing that won't take for
by the way you finally got one yeah
bitch do to you to do that did you do
the rest
dip dip did it do that I thought that it
ever did it to you baby
oh yeah let's play with the helicopters
what I want to come coffee in the
morning how am I gonna get my fucking
Splenda
well bitches now you're not bitches I'm
just saying that in general terminology
don't give me hate for that shit I bring
my Splenda copter
yeah
thank you take my split out
now that's me more spin now drink your
coffee I think the viewers want you to
drink your coffee copy me - splendid
that's a wrap drink your coffee Alec you
just want to you drink your coffee your
coffee
I just it's only a little bit of coffee
left
it's so good say ah
you guys can't even see it it's all for
your phone's Oh No
Brandon you made a mess clean it up
super helicopter yeah
yeah
damnit stole stays damn okay guys well
Brandon's gone and I don't really have
that much going on so I'm just going to
you know end it here and call it early
that way I can get some rest get some
sleep and going to work tomorrow before
the weekend so I hope that you guys
enjoyed this vlog and I want to say
thank you so much guys because in
yesterday's vlog I told you guys to go
over and follow Ashley on Instagram and
I said last time when I did that she
gained 700 well the 700 she gained took
like a few weeks you guys hit 600 in one
day which means that as it progresses
throughout the weeks it's gonna it's
gonna pass that 700 like crazy so you
got she was messing me all day like oh
my god what the hell is going on because
she didn't know that I had said go and
follow ups so like I thought it's just
blowing her mind and then on the
pictures you guys are 18 minutes do it
you guys have mentioned everything so
you guys proved yourselves to me and
definitely impressed her so thank you
guys for that and as always I will see
you guys again tomorrow good bye
so the vlogger no the vlog year has
become the vlogger
and here's Alex yes I'm Alex and we're
gonna
