hey guys I am NOT going into the office
today I'm doing some work just from
emails and stuff at home which is great
I'm waiting on Ashley to get here and
then we're gonna head out to lunch I
think I'm gonna take her to lunch out in
Malibu actually so we're gonna go do
that I'm just waiting on her to get you
very good
do you plan shopping I did that and yeah
it was so big I got like halfway through
the sternum like have all the clothes
like this and I was like oh my gosh
I'm actually gonna put this shit down
like I saw a whole nother navel and then
I committed I got like four items that's
that's what I do when I'm shopping at
forever 21 I shop there like at least
once a week yeah we just got to Nobu
Malibu for lunch look at this view out
here
yes we got a lot of sushi together
the worst thing yellow tell jalapeno
makes my nuts tingle
bloody some albacore crispy onion and
other stuff albacore crispy onion spring
onion these like little bits yes I using
my fingers these bits
and some saucy stuff some saucy oh
you're gonna need spicy tuna on a rice
cake with butter lettuce bangies butter
tomato
well what are we doing banging its
banging oh not we're bagging Oh cuz I
didn't feel anything like redoing my
food is making a party well funny you
say that I was about to say this is six
in a bowl oh my god what is everything
has it it's rock shrimp tempura with
creamy something so easy
bite the creamy sauce yeah it's like
coming your mouth
oh my gosh no it is not because that's
disgusting with creamy spicy sauce No
we'll try both orgasm in your mouth it's
like I'm in your mouth you was coming in
out of this
but would you say that this rock shrimp
finally found the g-spot oh my god I'm
not even the mythical g-spot yeah
baked crab hand rolls I'm really excited
fat but you're going nuts over this
right over this room shrimp stew getting
wet I'm nice you keep hitting me they're
gonna think I'm so disrespectful to you
she is actually way Roger than I am yeah
see I'm joking if Haddix was
disrespectful I wouldn't be friends and
say I don't want to make a whole bunch
of comments about you and I'm gonna hunt
everyone down and put a scarlet saying
well thank you for defending me but
she's actually Roger than I am and and
and we have a surprise in store we have
a surprise in store
I'm not gonna tell them exactly what
we're doing you and I how we do but I'm
not gonna tell you exactly what it is
but we may be developing some sort of
YouTube channel or Ashley so I'll let
you know more about that as it as it
comes
so the vlogger no the vlog E has become
the vlogger and here's Alex
yes I'm Alex and we're gonna go shopping
in Santa Monica we're going to 3rd
Street which actually goes all the way
to Beverly right are you aiming at me
yes I am 3rd Street enough there she
goes like a horizontal here it doesn't
go on whatever it's a long street and
we're gonna go shopping I may have again
let me just explain why I have a
shopping problem is because in South
Africa we have very high because this is
so boring
but we have very high import tariffs on
textiles to protect our local producers
against Chinese like super Chinese
good job and cheap Chinese merchandise
so all my clothes in South Africa super
expensive like double the price and
there's not nearly as much selection so
I get like really it's better when I
come to South Africa I mean America
probably gonna leave it maybe all of it
and all of it it's it's real it's wrong
that's what it is
this is so raw I mean talking about
shopping yeah angry and I think you
should take your clothes off they would
enjoy that sure you'd enjoy that
yeah we're going shopping hi guys are
you going shopping and where you from
okay okay stunning were you born here
and everything yeah okay nice and years
I get awesome
sack from South Africa which are the
fish shops that I should go to on day
three
where can I get some like really like
kinky sexy shirts
like I'm really like wanting to get like
my hen emissions like shit on here like
to get crazy
and about projects that is let's go
let's go get kinky
she wants kinky trashy stuff holy shit
guys I just realized that today it is
Romans birthday and I know for you while
you're watching this is actually
yesterday but for me it's today and I
just remembered so I'm gonna call him on
here I'm gonna want to wish him a happy
birthday I really hope he picks up where
this is just gonna be awkward
you picked up my call 1 I'm doing I'm
doing great I wanted to call and say
happy birthday well what am I gonna see
you next I I don't ever get to see you
anymore well you sit in the movie
exactly yeah
hey you know I'm really happy that
you're here but I'm just wondering when
are you going yeah you know you've been
here for a while you probably sick of it
you should just go home now everything's
going great I've just been I've been
working with Break recently so I've been
doing their stuff
keep shooting franksen them well you've
been killing it - I'm watching your
stuff oh yeah well here I'll tell you
what you if you're done with your prank
channel just hand it over to me I'll
become Roman Atwood I'll take over some
pranks and you could yeah you could vlog
as Alex Mandel that'll be that work yeah
it's I think it's a great future and I I
know how thankful you'll be to be Alex
Mandel yeah just just work on this - and
that's it I mean that's all there is to
me just ass - that's it just that this
like a dirty sanchez right under my nose
you miss he's what he still works there
so when you come back we can we'll still
go over there I'm sure you can give him
a great big hug
yeah he just wants he just wants someone
to love well hey man I wanted to call
and say happy birthday and hope that
everything is going well over there and
that I'll see you soon yeah I'll see you
very soon have a good rest of your
birthday okay I'll talk to you later
right so yeah if you guys if you haven't
yet make sure you go over and say happy
birthday to the man oh look who's here
oh thank you oh hey Brandon staying the
night tonight because tomorrow he is
going to be working with us on our shoot
as secure table that's what he's doing
so and for for those of you I've never
actually said what Brandon does for a
living you guys see him as this funny
guy on my vlog but really he's actually
a professional badass what he does for a
living is he trains police and military
how to fight how to kick ass that's what
he does
specifically in Krav Maga and he
literally at his stood he either goes on
to military bases or like the LAPD and
Sheriff's and everything will go into
his classes to learn how to kick ass and
he teaches that so that's pretty awesome
anyway he's doing security for us
tomorrow which is cool but I wanted to I
don't I don't have anything else for you
guys that's that's it that's my vlog for
today so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching the vlog I do want to say you
I'm happy that Ashley is in town she's
always fun on the vlog so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching her but you guys
should definitely I don't know if she's
gonna watch this but last time I did a
blog with her just on skype she gained
700 followers just from that on
Instagram I want to see if we can beat
that and just try to surprise her and
give her a lot more
so her Instagram is just Ashley VDH but
Ashley is a sh l e I G H and then V th
I'm gonna put it into the description so
you can see how to spell it but you guys
should go on Instagram and follow her
and surprise her and all of a sudden
she's gonna wake up and be like what the
hell but yeah its power 18 woman deal
with it
anyway guys I hope that you guys enjoy
today's vlog and I will see you guys
again tomorrow
good bye just because I don't know well
this is good I'm putting this on YouTube
