hey guys I am at work now I just got to
break so I'm gonna go in the office but
I started reading your comments already
from yesterday's vlog which was my mom's
birthday and I you know I I have to say
this I asked you guys to say happy
birthday to my mom and I've actually
shocked even the the people that I know
to be haters that hate all the time on
videos actually didn't write any hate
they just wrote happy birthday to Alex's
mom or whatever they wrote and for that
thank you guys so much clearly you have
your priorities straight and I am so
proud to still be doing this and you
guys always like you do always surprise
me because I was I was a little worried
I'd like do I want to you know do that
for my vlog and and you know put my my
mom on blast on target like that but you
guys you know I'm always worried about
the haters saying something like I don't
care if you hate on me but if you hate
on some of my family or another viewers
like that that's the only thing or like
some of my friends it bothers me a
little cuz I don't know if they could
take it as much as I do so but I am
proud that you guys put that aside what
you normally do and you guys just were
all all love last vlog so thank you guys
so much for that it does mean a lot to
me just because I don't know well this
is good I'm putting this on YouTube
right I mean this is one of our props
where I actually got it over here in the
offices for break it is a zombie dildo
yes it's absolutely disgusting but it
tastes really good I just got back to my
house and you guys are sending more
pictures that you
make it instant like I said I will show
it this is from Hannah standard thank
you for making me look like a puny
little man so that's what she made and
then there's another one these are all
amazing this is from Dominique Dominique
t61 9 has me pardoned on the Hollywood
sign hell yeah cuz that's what I do
i party in Hollywood yeah buddy
and then and then on Instagram there's
even oh no that was that was the one
that was on Instagram - that was doubled
up so yeah guys if you guys want to make
those pictures I will show them in the
vlog because I think that they're really
funny I actually do really enjoy them I
hope that you guys enjoy seeing them
because of the people who make them are
working hard on them clearly because
they they want to but they're really
funny and I like showing them on the
vlog so if you guys want to make it some
of them send up my way you could tweet
them or you can Instagram them and they
will make it in the vlog they're funny
sorry I did I didn't even realize that
there were more in my email so I'm gonna
show you this this is from Andre Aguilar
Andris Andres I don't know anyway here's
here's what he did there is no plan B
for the a team yes that's me and Chelsea
hell yeah that's an that's an epic
picture I like that there is this one
from Senor pop cocky says me I am
playing football hell yeah because I'm
in my football uniform there clearly and
then where is it where is it and then
Nick Cannon is saying oh go for it
saying WTF Alex which is funny because
that's from the WGN blog and then the
winner of the day there is a winner
because this one just looks perfect it's
spitting and it just made me laugh I had
I sent this one out
this is awesome but this one is from pee
Mitchell Pete Mitchell you officially
made me laugh really hard today when I
got this
check this out is that not perfect it
looks super legit like I am actually
that is just that's a winner
that is sexiest shit hell yeah that was
that's awesome
thank you for PETA thank you to all of
you who made them they do they're
awesome I love they keep me busy
throughout the day they keep me excited
I always like oh I got a new message and
then I start laughing randomly you look
like an idiot in the office but it's
okay cuz then I get to show them what
you guys made but yeah they're really
cool so thanks for sending them guys raw
Jen's on Facebook I hope I said your
name right just sent me this check this
out oh yeah that's at Sochi 2014 oh yeah
holy wowzers I've done it again guys I
fell asleep last night without even
having dinner I didn't even go get
anything to eat I was just like eh I'm
just gonna take it I'm just gonna rest a
little bit cuz I'm a little bit tired
after work and then Here I am in the
morning ah I hate what I do this because
then I'm like what am I supposed to do
vlogs I gotta start vlogging today this
is when it gets so hard because I'm
falling asleep and this is going on I
know that you guys understand because
you get it that I do it everyday but it
still pisses me off when I do that and
totally miss a night of locking so for
that I apologize
but anyway I guess I'll just start the
new day and you guys will watch it
tomorrow that way I don't lose out too
much I just met up with the producer who
does all the pranks for a break CJ how's
it going Monica because we're actually
scouting locations for a shoot tomorrow
for pranks so we are out here on the
beach and walking all around so this is
my morning is to check out different
areas that would be perfect to
Meza people very special French very
very special but yes this one will be a
very special episode I'll show you guys
why in two vlogs from now because
tomorrow's is just gonna be the actual
shooting and then it'll go up the next
night they have any you guys have
probably seen my eat my unicorn head
their horses get weirder and weirder
look as they go and then they start to
get purple and yellow and rainbow and
then four I've always wanted a quad corn
I just have to say one thing okay I went
to Starbucks right just like the
downstream for my place what would CJ
and I said to her she said what do you
want it's really hot out right now which
I shouldn't be wearing all black and
jeans and everything but I always do
anyway
so I wanted something cold so I liked
their iced chai latte so that's what I
was ordering I said hey can I get a I
said can I get a chai iced latte
okay clearly that's understandable she
laughs at me and goes and I said what
she is do you mean an iced chai not and
I was like isn't that what I said she
goes no no you said a chai iced latte
really really and then laughed at me
thinking like oh he's so funny got it
wrong he said in the wrong order and not
only that it's a then they're like oh
and you should have put the size in the
middle of the name it's iced grande chai
latte I'm like well that just sounds
stupid anyway I had to rant about that
because I don't if you knew what I was
ordering just put it through okay I
don't I don't need you to laugh in my
face because I said it in the wrong
order anyway my rant is done and so is
this vlog because I really need to start
actually vlogging today because it's a
new day and I'm not gonna have material
today if I do it all on today's well so
I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
and as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow
good bye
oh dear God bumping you I'm trying to
block
