hey guys so today my I'm waiting for my
mom my sisters are coming over right now
my dad had to go to a show so he left
them this morning but it is my mother's
birthday today so I hope all of you guys
will write happy birthday to her but I
have her card here and I'm going to take
her to get her a gift and pre-ordered it
so yeah a pre-order gift so we're gonna
pick it up she has no idea what it is
I'll show you guys when we're gonna do
that but I'm gonna meet up with him
right now
hello I'm vlogging happy birthday I like
to smile more
that's Rubens oh yeah
it's that's his brand all right okay
open it I will but I think I don't know
this one's not a mother face oh that's
what happened to the mother face nurses
yeah little eat tiny toes precious smile
crinkled nose all add up to a love that
grows congratulations on raising the
best son ever look at what you raised
what can I say you know what you did I
am gradually she blessed I really am
thanks for the written card logo it's
great look what you got you got me
that's true I just got a little bit of
Chinese food at the food court with
everyone and I opened up my fortune
cookie and this fortune it just means so
much to me look at that God it's my
fortune never trouble trouble till
trouble troubles you I feel like dr.
Seuss wrote these fortune cookies I'm
gonna keep this one because it's very
meaningful its words to live by
it is it is never trouble trouble till
trouble troubles you crack right never
trouble trouble trouble trouble of you
guys remember never trouble trouble
trouble trouble - you say that three
times mother yes
well I told you guys I would tell my mom
but I got her I know you don't like
going in here but I gotta get you your I
already ordered it your new iPhone I got
you the 5s
you needed a new phone I mean it's
turned off no that's enough I waited
until we get it my god is confusing
because you know I gotta take care of
everything don't worry okay she's scared
that it's gonna delete every day off her
phone I'll make sure it doesn't let's go
get it all right
here's the new one look at the gold ring
the golden one
so you did find weight is just good your
test tray bring it back you yeah exactly
see you turning it see now now no no
don't get up
try to come this way oh you saved it for
yes oh yeah is a flag this way push
forward rally oh there's a fan wait wait
wait you take it
yeah stand up and do it go try to land
on the square thing with your rather
you're flying it backwards turn it turn
it
no no smelly shoes wait it's actually ok
you could take off wait Oh take off okay
go down slowly not too bad now turn left
turn left Riley right this way
this way turn it now forward no no you
took I just completely restored her
iPhone so that it's on to do what's and
now you're happy her less what sister a
sister yeah you got a sister I don't
know anyway um yeah cuz the last time
the last she went to the Apple store
when she got her older phone they told
her yeah we'll just put move everything
and then up deleting everything not only
on the new phone but her old phone and
so now she has a fear of Apple store so
I took care of it this time I made sure
that everything is moved to now now
she's happy that's why she was a little
worried before if you saw but you're
happy yeah that's her being happy
another picture just came in from one of
you guys from Leroy J Butler on
Instagram from my WTF vlog as always and
this is top of the world is what he
titled it and this is on the top of a
pyramid that is awesome Thank You Leroy
J Butler for that I love all of these
pictures remember guys you could pick
any screenshot you want I just love that
gave you so much material to use with
that WTF but keep them coming guys
because the more you send I'll put more
of them on the vlog thank you for
sending that Leroy J Butler
I don't know if you guys remember my
friend Ashley from some vlogs back that
I did she was in South Africa and I was
skyping her if you haven't go look out I
forgot what it's called so I'm like
asking out it South African actress or
whatever it's called
I don't anyway she's in town she just
flew in right now and got it from South
Africa and oh my phone's ringing I'll
pick that up a second anyway so she's
flew in and her fret and my friend to
Vicki picked her up and Vicki said hey
you know what just tell her you can't do
anything tonight that way we'll all have
dinner and you you can surprise her well
I feel so bad because she already texted
me she said what she said she said hey
what are you up to tonight and I was
like actually I have to catch up on some
work
oh are you in town she said yeah I got
here literally a little earlier we might
go for drinks later so it's gonna ask
you unto joy and I said awesome I'm not
sure I'll be able to I didn't realize
that to finish so much stuff before
tomorrow let's uh let's plan something
for this week and then no response so I
do feel bad that I'm actually like
putting her off and I haven't seen her
in person in years and I'm just like I
got work to catch up on can't see you
well she doesn't know that we're
actually gonna surprise her so I'm
excited to see her okay she thinks her
friend is bringing her in here now she
thinks that she's at one of her like the
friend who's bringing my friend Vicki
who's bringing her told her she's just
going to a friend's house she doesn't
know it's fine so let's see what she
does when I
when she comes in she's coming
oh dear God laugh at you
I'm trying to be a boy and I felt so bad
because I was saying to you I was like
no I got work to do people have jobs and
some Bogata misunderstand
hi exactly and hello to you I haven't
seen you too long yes so like oh my god
four years for you thank you we're gonna
we're gonna cook something we're gonna
cook dinner what what do you what are
you making right now we have made a kale
spinach salad with watermelon and two
ring onions fresh from the farmers
market
mm-hmm I've been massaging the nation's
been massaging it yeah I've been
violating it let's have a look oh yeah I
later see that he's a hardcore violator
just massage work it working
that's just that's the whole thing I
have to I'm just gonna give you a look
that's it okay Cheers
oh you got great teeth already oh yeah
you've already been drinking
this is yummy this is good it's not
troublemaker though no and then you got
to see how good don't spill it oh my
good you got to see how many dips it
might not dips and details tale no tales
the tails and I shows you the alcohol
how many legs nothing is an actual name
for it I promise you it's not tails and
it's not dead my eyes killing me I
thought it might be like what I just
don't care good barbecue and shrimp
right now that's hard to see and some
swordfish summer finish you're making
beef what kind of beef you making that
is I don't know you don't know you know
it's um it's beef it's beef it's it's
beef fish the fish I've every fish beef
fish being fish it's the best beef to
see a stock oh it tastes like vagina
yeah yeah and then eaten by the fire
excuse me I'm careless watch out for
your vagina oh yeah he rebooted
hey nice and say hey I said hit it Oh
hit it okay got my this gate was it
poured on top of steak
a little bit more right there oh it's
all fire it's like going back Daniels
it's like cooking with Jack Daniels look
still on fire yeah did cuz I put
gasoline on it oh that's not actually a
soul neither no I'm just trying to
volume leaving but I'm tired it's been
20 no no 20 watts 24 times to 48 hours
really not that dumb every time is
camera cockeyed it's not this is this is
not real blonde
no I grew net it's actually died it's
just when I kind of I can just push -
push the button
forget UI team I'm all Vinodh up we had
a lovely fish fry Alex we love a really
well
Alan was that a real fish very well yeah
it was a lovely surprise yeah he knows
how to grill good oh yeah I know I got
it I got anything okay
you got to push one yes okay now now I
reopened it so now it's gonna be after
an absolute lips so okay goodbye I'd
echo
back so soon no she left her jacket
behind and she's rubbing off him yeah
well it's right over here
yeah I saw this and I was like whose
jacket is it she's getting closed up
okay well good-bye again you didn't
forget anything else right you're good
okay wait my hand should come with us I
should go with you stop inappropriate
you throw inappropriate piccata hymen
I'll go grab it for you you left in the
closet but I got it oh yeah get a broom
okay
okay no more wine for her no but you
guys got to push a button if you want to
go anywhere
no you push to push one we've been
drinking wine okay man you're going to
AH definitely not gonna get lucky yeah
I'm leaving there's a wall
yeah I'm drinking I'll see it yeah okay
guys well I have to let him out of the
garage or else he won't be very happy
with me
but that's the end of today's vlog I
hope that you guys enjoyed it again
it's my mother's birthday so if you
would be so kind as to say happy
birthday to my mother that would be
great do that because you should okay
guys well I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow good bye Lizzy what
are you doing what are you doing Maci
really really what am I going to I was
called your own
