hey guys i am about to head over to my
parents area i'm going to go meet them
for dinner with my family so i make sure
i have keys I got everything
everything's good we're ready to go cool
I'm gonna go ahead over there now we
just finished dinner right now at
sagebrush where you guys seem to see us
go every Sunday and into months and
lesbian what you see your mom's a
lesbian my mom's a lesbian and her
birthday is tomorrow she doesn't want me
to tell you but it's her birthday I
guess what my sister's even fatter how
far along are you know six months six
months she's six months eating into her
all cake diet then after she plans to
get pregnant where are my puppies oh
there's more there's more hello yeah dad
just said he left for a run hello I Oh
Jaime's this is a may c and d or those
are Jackie's daughters my sisters dogs
crazy ones now go for Chris dogs Oh
crazy mutt hey hey
Lizzy what are you doing what are you
doing amazing really really what do mean
am i going to i was calling your over on
my blog look thanks love oh wait there's
another one who wants a drink in Maisie
what are you doing really yes which legs
right she's she's not attracted to my
right leg though ok these girls just
can't stay away from me the mom says I
can't get any girl said no I don't do it
you did you just said oh my god I know
you can you're just picky so now you're
just picking it's a great excuse me it's
not that I don't have girls I'm just
picky you're picky like macy right yes
he's she likes me or doesn't like she
does i know'd yours like attack what you
want you attention career come here come
in it great i'll throw for you I'll
throw it up to it go get it oh nice
taking it from you I mean low listing d
whore nice to go ahead I love just
settle in your dogs Jackie O Macy's
breath too they are owned it smells like
old my parents have a popcorn machine
that has never been used ever look it's
like a movie style one well this is this
is the theater
so it has the projector and then behind
here this curtain thing is a giant
screen but it's all automated I'll show
you I control with the ipad over here I
love this room I want one my place let's
do apple TV yes can I do it
oh I don't know I'm gonna work it oh
here we go whoa all the curtains are
moving what's going on
just waiting
yeah I don't know oh it takes a while to
start up yeah i'm blogging what i'm
blogging what are you saying i'm not
seeing anything I'm in here this is
great this is the best this is the
favorite vlog I've been on you haven't
me yeah everyone just me everyone just
like seeing you right now family night
yeah night okay goodnight ready
nothing's wrong it's just going great
he's vlogging i'm blogging on right now
oh no it is working it just takes a long
time let's see what happens it's
supposed to be on on appletv can't see
oh there we go whoa there it is her oh
yeah well okay come on yeah well I'm
gonna set up there movie and head home
with us no I would you want to go home
okay are you work are you working
tomorrow oh fo said okay you don't want
to walk watch with us and we can all
discuss the movie after no I'm gonna I'm
gonna go home tired oh you don't want me
see to help you anymore huh okay well
how was it that was good right we never
saw the movie cuz I don't know it didn't
work out it worked we just couldn't get
itunes stuff to buy the movie what dad
no dad okay
ok hey
Jackie you know in the movies done what
they know we're done I know I was on the
phone why isn't it closing turn down for
what dude dude it's not closing and then
it's getting all blurry no oh my god so
uh clearly it's morning um I made the
mistake what last night them i texted
like four friends like hey let's go out
like today is Memorial Day for me so
it's oh well for you guys to in the u.s.
I just mean whatever anyway I texted it
when I was like hey let's go to a bar
let's do this let's do whatever I fell
asleep before I could get any responses
I just passed out so i'm i'm up now
clearly didn't edit this last night so
that's why you're probably watching this
a little bit later today and then this
is all a message took a shower but I
figured hey it's a good time because I
see a lot of comments like show is how
you do your hair which I don't know why
you want to see that but i will show to
you because you're asking and now's the
perfect time because i have to do my
hair so i will show you it's actually
really easy ok so to start the thing i
use in my hair i used to use pomade but
pomade actually didn't hold it as well
as I would have hoped so what I use is
this stuff called american crew fiber
yep and then pushed it up yeah it's not
more yeah yeah which just looks like
this so you go in here and take a little
bit of this yeah this is actually a lot
but I use a lot because I don't like my
hair roof so like like that you know
just take it into my hand and I move it
out there and then you do the Hokey
Pokey and you turn yourself around
because that's what itself italia when
your hand is all white than both of them
try to look at the screen and look on
there and make sure you guys are seen it
oh yeah then all you have to do is like
I put my fingers I try to make it some
spreads evenly everywhere everywhere
talk yes a
you got to get it everywhere or else
you'll get some dry patches and then
some that are held and it just looks
weird there once it's all in I take a
comb my trusty home and you do it all to
side now just look like an emo kid right
sorry about kids what I do yeah give
that poor on the side kind of rush it
forward I'll tell you why because it's
about two directions so I kind of get a
little bit forward then once it's
forward like this you just want the
front to go towards Mac just the front
and then fix that part the I don't know
if you guys can see but it kind of goes
like forward this and then this goes
back you want to take like two
directions right now it's flat so then
you take the comb put it up and just let
it drop side at you I'll show you this
put it up and then pull it sideways so
you get it to go over it's actually hard
to do facing down so I can show you yeah
once it's like this I faces my hand
because you don't want to be like super
perfect from your column
and now brush right behind so that they
go down try to get the perfect wave it's
always about the perfect wave and then
fix the rest fix it
and that stuff that America crew fiber
is water soluble so it's just like super
easy to if you want to wash it off your
hands you don't even have to use silver
anything it just comes off stay with
your hair when I go in the shower as
soon as I go into the water it's out
it's not like oh I have to you so much
shampoo to get it out it's just out I do
you should put me through my hair by the
way then um that's pretty good now i'm
just being ridiculous but yeah anyway
you get that's the hair it's done see
easy and what i meant about the two
directions is that if you notice my hair
goes forward and then goes back just in
the front and that's too I don't know to
feed to feed my knees yeah so that's how
i do my 18 haircut and for those of you
asking what it actually is and a half as
a haircut it's a i do a half going up
into a one going up into a one and a
half it all kind of fades we have 11 and
a half and on this side to make it so
that it causes it's called an undercut
so they actually cut underneath the long
part of the time here so it can sit on
top of your short hair and give us that
look in case you're wondering and for
those of you that don't care I'm sorry
but some people ask so I try to give
those people who want to know something
what they want to know so there you go
that's how i do my 18-8 okay guys well
that's all i have for you for this blog
because i am accidentally starting a new
day while i'm doing this vlog so i need
to start the vlog i'm supposed to be
doing today right now and yeah so i'm
going to end this and then literally
like in five minutes I'm going to do the
first clip for the new vlog so it's
weird for me but I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye I just really
love you guys
I love you out hi good thing we brought
a trash can in here
