hey guys guess what rod set but we're
also in my house again all right you
guys remember Chandra if you've seen odd
jobs few the episodes you've done by
family see me naked oh yeah yeah even
and then you guys should also check out
our job but Brandon's here to help out
today uh with the production as well
which is cool we're just setting up one
of the shots while we're also shooting
in Venice will simultaneously be
shooting here as well I'm filming her
fixed her shit okay so that's like not
an appropriate job for me to fill but
anyway we're gonna have a good day we
got our rig setup we're set up here to
do this side of it so I'm filming Sam
you just look very relaxed right now
yeah actually every time brandon comes
over he goes I'm just gonna send the
cops from it before we go out I always
told not to and then as soon as he's on
it for like three minutes he's sleeping
right yeah that's why I'm sitting on the
chair now yeah just rolling around I
just want like push that chair all the
way across I dipped except I'll probably
bring it yeah the house I mean the
barber yeah the house yeah yeah the
chair won't break though Oh all through
on the chair and that'll probably catch
my landing yeah don't worry the floor
always catches your landing I just
really love you guys hmm hi good thing
we brought a trash can in here yeah I
gotta go look at let's take the trash
piano I gotta get out of here okay let's
go yeah bye let's see yes you later no
I'm gonna come I'm going with you
careful though no blogging outside
people gonna know where you live ok I'm
done a great thing about doing these
videos for a living is this is my office
yes welcome
that's my office Santa Monica working on
the beach can't complain we just
finished shooting a mere with with Ricky
Ricky's a lot of our actors and we did a
little bit of a scare prank today
unfortunately for Ricky he just got
punched square in the face but not like
it wasn't like ah and then punched in
the face this guy just got embarrassed
that he got scared and came over just
punched him square in the face he's got
a little bit of blood over here you know
I'm it happens right it's all part of
the game but hey you know what that ends
up making a closer for the video right
so you guys make sure to check out it'll
be our tribute to the new Transformers
movies so it'll be surprised but i'll
make sure to keep you guys updated so
you know exactly what it is everyone
left my place and I I'm alone I'm all by
myself Brandon just left and everyone
and yeah but I did get some more
pictures tweet it to me that you guys
took for the dummy GF blog which I love
these pictures these pictures are
awesome both of these pictures are from
I don't know how to say his name i think
it's Joakim Ellis dad or waki waki I I
don't want to put your name i'm just
going to show it to give you credit so
that's how you that's his name yup and
let me show you the two pictures hehe
did I love this one this one is when I
walked on the moon there's me right
there yep he said that's from the Apollo
11 mission I remember that mission it
was great we had a great time I just
felt so weightless on the moon I didn't
feel like like a like a fat ass and then
this this next one just maybe laps lr
this one involves I believe that's
that's is that honey boo boo it might be
honey boo boo I don't know but either
way this is amazingness check this out
come on focus she's not that light in
the picture anyway that that's a little
girl running away from me
so yeah that's like the story of my life
is all women but yeah thank you for
making those pictures they made me laugh
and I love to like show them to everyone
that's around me because it makes them
laugh too so if you guys want to make
those pictures you could send them to me
because I love showing them in these
blogs and I just love looking at it
myself I do so thank you I was just
checking to see if everything is clean
and tidy in my my place now that now
that everyone's gone but I noticed
there's something left on my whiteboard
and I'm assuming Kevin wrote it because
it seems very Kevin but he wrote me my
to-do list which is to do list rent
sisterhood of the traveling pants yes I
have to do that pick up diarrhea
medication from pharmacy yes and one
more return costco size box of condoms
they expired thank you Kevin even you're
making jokes about me not having sex
well the diary of medication is for
Kevin and sisterhood of the traveling
pants I'm actually renting it from Kevin
and the expired condoms they're just
expired that's it I just happen to use
done that was so weird i just sat down
at my computer too I don't know do
whatever finish out a vlog and I was
just like falling asleep at my computer
I and literally fell asleep I am
exhausted because i finished my vlog
yesterday i finished editing at
three-thirty the morning and then woke
up this morning at seven fifteen yep not
complaining
I'm not a you know I'm so tired I'm
exhausted I'm gonna go to bed as I'm
just done right now but I will vlog
tomorrow so you guys would get sign
tomorrow and we can be jolly good
friends again okay but until then I will
see you guys again tomorrow bill by
katie's and my bathroom taking a shower
right now let's go see if she's if she
needs any help hey ke hell yeah yeah
should I not be blogging
