hey guys I just pulled up at the break
building and I am the brake offices so I
got to go into work we're in the office
today because we're finalizing some
finalizing the creative for odd jobs so
I know I don't know if any you guys
should be keeping up with odd jobs I
love it it's the show that uh I created
with break and I direct it so check that
out but I'm gonna go into work and take
care of that
cuz that's what I'm doing today and then
tomorrow we're back out shooting I just
got back home and with a good day at
break we're just setting up everything
to shoot tomorrow even another shoot day
tomorrow another two pranks like we did
yesterday yeah so we're gonna set all
that up
I got they sent me home with some of the
that's that's gear right there just like
one of the cameras and stuff which is
okay I'll take it home for you but look
at this guys I got some new champagne
but it's fitting for us all of us
although I can't really pour you a drink
through the camera but it's perfect for
the a-team am I right or am i right let
me just so I don't break anything in
this cool shiny case oh comes a golden
bottle with an A or not let's let's put
out right we can we could do this so yes
this is the a-team champagne now it's
not specifically made for the a-team but
we're going to claim it as ours because
sometimes we just take the good things
in life and claim it as our own that's a
team champagne I just picked up Katie at
the airport Thank You Katie for making
me drive to pick you up
she's going home tomorrow but I'm
picking her up picture up tonight and I
had to stay there took like 2 hours just
to wait to go around the terminal and I
was so pissed but I took her here to get
a burger in now and there's people
outside saying hello Alex so I always if
you guys call me out you're gonna end up
on the blog
let's blog I'm gonna I'm gonna vlog with
them wait which one which one knows Alex
knows you do you watch you're on the
blog right now I said if you called me
out that you're gonna end up on the vlog
what do you want what do you want to say
to them um Romans the reason why I start
watching you okay
and I totally like you like your blogs
are a little bit more fun oh but but I
love Roman at the same time I love Roma
- but thank you yeah thank you see guys
some people like mine
some people like oh don't don't let
Roman thing I don't like him because I
like I was originally Roman then he led
me on to you and like you guys are just
awesome as well
Robert leads a lot of people on I mean
he's coming down for three months in a
little bit yes cuz he shoot the movie
he's gonna stay with you I think well
Dennis just got department so they might
be staying there I'm not sure okay
but I don't know he might be he watches
these too so I'm like Roman I love you
and Dennis and Charlie and Alex and the
wolf I mean that's after the camera
turns on oh of course
everything happens after the camera
turns out I have found
the name
well you are the David when we're not
gonna vote in the women do you don't
want it I'll take it away girl like you
gotta like it you deal with it yeah
we're too far on Main Street Santa
Monica we're gonna we're gonna have a
beer here before I go home
Hey hi ash wednesday hi oh hi she looked
nice here you guys hey hey hey what are
we cheers you too I don't know
we had cheers to something cheers to
being friends with women that they
always think I've only friends and women
okay they never think I'm friends I
don't they never think he's friends
women and he finally has a woman for I
have a few and like two and a half three
elbows he's friends with their top half
and he fucks her bottom half let's
cheers to that
whoo and you don't even have a beer
one owner she just sat down and walks
into that we choose okay I'm a gentleman
I got a bad rap some it turned the
lights on it's time to go oh you done
I've been kicked in the last 12 hours
infinite this is the only bar been in
tonight night what that since Tuesday Oh
so yeah they kicked me out every time
and it's okay that means you had a good
time no no you didn't have an 8 if I'm
at a good time go or no yeah well it's
time I mean I get it I'm gonna be up for
I work tomorrow at 8 a.m. to shoot
another full day so I gotta go home I
have a job you do you go do your job and
I'm gonna do mine yeah oh and then
you're gonna give me a job right Katie's
in my bathroom taking a shower right now
let's go see if she's if she needs any
help
hey K help yeah yeah should I not be
blogging out here you naked said said
turn it okay I'm gonna leave I saw
vagina boobs in okay guys that's all I
have for you tonight
I gotta go edit this I'm really tired I
got to wake up early because we got work
in the morning and I want to get back to
bed so I could have a little bit that
okay I'm just saying
so let me edit to you right now and then
we'll be good and then I'll see you guys
again tomorrow does that work cool I see
you guys again tomorrow good bye we just
got basically kicked out of Santa Monica
because everyone's been calling 911
and we have cops here stopping us like
literally like we didn't get to vlog it
but literally a firetruck just went by
