hey guys about to head to work wait okay
i'm at work right now so today it's
about seven in the morning uh 730 and
today we're going to be shooting for
break in Santa Monica sounds like
instead of driving out to the office all
the production people should just we
should just meet here at my place as
like you know base camp and then get
everything set up here and then go out
and shoot because it's just down the
street so much better you just wake up
and do this look I'm vlogging while i'm
at work and it looks like my place it's
cuz it is I love shooting days this
would be fun I knew you hit it I thought
you gonna try well you know how I knew
you were blogging how do you cuz those
looking at the camera and you were just
talking yourself in the elevator I was
beyond him really this camera up another
you were watching yeah look I could see
her here see you right there I like that
you have the scar face you got the scar
face yeah I was like oh that because I
couldn't really see detail but I was
like it has to be Kevin because I could
see him long I've you guys give you the
first one here now I'm like I'm the last
person no well you're not the last
person here you're like big your last
person here I am feeling it I usually
I'm oh I'm very functional enough we are
call time was 9am look at my watch I've
been here since last night 847 yeah
you've been here since last night that's
director that's right I'd like to see
him my bad with a cool one that was
shooting today yeah do we can't say what
it is we can't see what it is what we
can do is this give you guys some free
well you turn up yes there's a little
preview and then yeah
so we loaded up this band with with our
cotton candy our candy and our puppies
and now we're gonna go look for children
I'm totally that's not what we're doing
at all that's not I was a joke I was a
really bad joke what were actually doing
wait what are we what are we doing here
what's that we're shooting a prank right
now oh yeah well you guys know that's
that's fine I just they'll figure
they'll find out what it looks like yeah
so we just got basically kicked out of
Santa Monica because everyone's been
calling 911 we have cops here stopping
us it's like literally like we didn't
get to vlog it but literally a fire
truck just went by he called on his
radio and said code for it's a film crew
so now to image well I guess we're done
our goose is cooked we ended up moving
the shoot over to Venice which worked
out perfectly right invent is amazing
and now I get to go clean up some blast
shards yeah but uh that worked out did
you you enjoy it yes I did yeah and you
you kind of you got stuck I'm not gonna
say what we did but um you have probably
happy it's done right yes it was fun but
I'm glad because I said yes she it was a
little bit of a stretch for her oh yeah
anyway so so we're just wrapping on this
and then we're going on to shoot another
prank today so this next one is with
Kevin Brueck one thing you guys didn't
know about cash is that what heaven
there's a little bit I got a salad and I
know but it's the size of my time my
palm I'm trying to draw I know it's not
a very big salad I'm trying to drop the
l bees but I got a salad with my steak
it actually did come with a steak so
that just put it that put his man I
believe anything Wayne
or man yonder he got his thing I was
just trying to hide the stake park oh
yeah I would never just a little salad
who does that don't hide your pain Kevin
Brueck you're busted hey you doing some
pranks we were just we were just talking
about we go if it's too much okay but no
when I get on the baseball cap this is
security on it like I don't turn around
just says security everywhere hey I dude
I love your big black when I make my
black flashlight yeah yeah yeah it's
about the same size of something else
his big black other flashlight
flashlight I keep another one of these
babies really bright above his ball sack
yeah that's that's a wrap on your prank
correct that's a wrap I'm wrapped we
just finished up here with Xavier yeah
he's ran his ass off Randall would I
think I can't wait here Xavier I can't
wait for you guys to see this prank
because Xavier is one of the fastest
gentleman's I've ever seen in my entire
life youjizz then yeah was you that was
an amazing end to fit to this prank to
gonna be guest it's gonna be great and I
was keeping up for about the first I was
like neck and all I Helen oh yeah you
literally just gave up you're like nah
well look you down in my defense he's a
freaking horse i can run events i drop
my Maglite this is a very expensive
flash well sorta makes me doubt it's the
LED one that trouble like you know
they're not that cheap yes so I didn't
want someone to just swiped it up and
take it so that's why I didn't catch him
otherwise I would have been over here
like white on rice you don't even know
probably not oh god no how about that
yeah you still would have beat the shit
out of me in a race I just realized
something not only did he run way faster
than most people have ever seen but then
we just noticed this he's wearing
sandals hike
I never spread hate you can down steel
with a straight face yeah Kevin take out
your flashlight first left till we die
there ain't no price jumps into the
stock has out the last living right foot
the second that open my eyes right is a
shake it up stay in flight just got back
to my place my street and I want to show
you guys how you turn like a regular
looking car into the coolest car you
just do this you take a regular car and
you turn it in two hrs park super
awesome I would drive it 100% one of you
guys just tweeted me a new picture at
amazing picture you guys are pulling
stuff from the WTF vlog I did just
because I guess that's amazing material
with my gel ski design picture why do I
need to win that they've seen the WTF
blog have you seen it you haven't trust
me they've seen it all only so they see
they've seen at all yes but you guys gel
ski design made this for me and he took
me and put a little blur there and
that's me and Miley me and Miley having
a good time that is an awesome picture
thank you so much gel series I'm show
her your Hannah Montana
no I showed her my dick you did okay
yeah I showed her my dick you should
really reside my penis penis did you
come in like a wrecking ball yes really
did certainly go really fast yeah really
fast 22 it's time for me to eat I'm
hungry right now I got mice would trust
a salad in my bushes oh blitzwing way
those weird anyway I don't me to get
shit about you guys saying hey you're a
fat fucking American well hey guys i am
a fat fucking American and I'm damn
proud be a fat fuckin American work yeah
anyway I mean because I would have salad
with ranch and you as a life full lunch
like healthier like Lila vinegar or
something well I'm not a fucking bitch
oh man elites ranch with his South but
not only ranch not only ranch no cuz
recently I've run through the fat veins
of lime Barnes or the tunnels to fat
dumb and I I realized well two amazing
things can come together to make one
amazing thing and that is
rich and basil pesto yes basil pesto for
the win I just mix both of those equal
parts in a salad and it makes it good
that's it I don't even use bowls I just
take the dressing straight into the bag
grab that bag like man okay that's the
only way i could feel manly ever sad
shake that i bet you if i did it off
camera it would look wrong i bet you
this looks wrong oh yeah but I'm just
shaking salad that's all I'm doing I'm
shaking salad dinner's ready you can
just set that bag right on your counter
and pull down the sides and you have a
easy disposable you don't need to do
your dishes you don't need to throw
you'll need to take an extra like paper
bowl if you don't if you're gonna throw
it out or something this way you just do
it right from the bag and it's no big
mess look at this see Fresh Express just
pull down the bag like this and BIM you
got a bowl of salad like that light pack
number four point 67 it can't just
before because salad wouldn't make it
that high list he'd be like
700 4.28 okay guys well I am and charmed
right now from being out all day
shooting and going everywhere to do that
so I'm tired and this is done it has
nothing to do with me even being tired I
just have nothing else to vlog I'm done
well hope you guys enjoyed watching
today's vlog because you're done
watching today's vlog congratulations
and as I can only say as always because
I'm gonna get some shit I'll see you
guys again tomorrow that works right
that's a good one I will see you guys
get tomorrow goodbye yes this is going
down ah and my victory someone
