hey guys feeling much better today even
way better than yesterday I was laughing
at some of your comments that you wrote
how a lot of you thought I was
bullshitting about being sick well let
me just tell you if I didn't want to
vlog I have I have no problem telling
you I just didn't feel like it but that
wasn't the case so yeah I mean I have
nothing to prove to you guys I have no
reason to live on that but anyway I just
got back home from break and it's a
little bit later I don't know what to do
but I'm going to vlog something so let's
let's lock together and then I know
there's those of you that go don't
mention vlogging while you're vlogging I
just did check out this new toy I got
good I'm so excited I love this thing so
okay let me let me bring it to you guys
whoo where's it going come back here
okay yeah
aim it you you guys there we go
cut it up kiss it okay fly over me hey
guys look the way you fly this thing is
actually really cool if I tilt it right
it turns right and if I tilt it forward
then it flies forward I'm trying to show
you back
fly back whoa too far back forward flies
forward and if I tilt it left it turns
left if I turn it right turns right it's
kind of like a Wii but in real life and
then you can attempt to like Lynn that
was a hard landing but anyway it's hard
to vlog it while I'm flying it but it's
actually very easy to fly just not when
I'm trying to look at the screen but I'm
really excited this is a fun toy of play
by myself see more fun with friends
maybe I'll show you guys later cuz
there's a little little thing I didn't
show you about it and it's really cool
it is actually I'll show you guys later
I just went to the store to buy some
food to make but my dad just sent me
this picture and I realized that one of
you actually tweeted it to me before he
sent it to me and I didn't give you
recognition even though it made me laugh
so for that I'm going to show you his
Twitter name is lassie underscore last
la SS e underscore la SS and he made
this which i think is pretty amazing
that's from my WTF vlog and that's a
Leaning Tower of Pisa so thank you for
that picture baby laughs and it made my
dad send it to me so my dad personally
texted that to me because he thought it
was funny too
so yeah I figured I would share that
with all of you because I just got over
being sick I still like to have soup and
stuff and kind of go easy on the system
and everything so I got myself I'm gonna
make egg drop soup cuz I love it and if
you don't like it you don't like it but
here so I got myself the organic
low-sodium chicken broth fresh green
onions
some egg grow Ganic ground ginger
cornstarch as a thickener and then yeah
it's as easy as that I'm going to show
you it has a has like a quarter teaspoon
of salt or something of that in it like
nothing bad but yeah check this out it's
really easy to make about two green
onions and you just want to take these
fresh ones and just chop them all the
way down to the end easy as that this is
actually going to make like four
servings of it so you'll have stuff left
over or if you have a family or someone
keeping you company like I don't try now
then you will have enough but to start
you want to reserve 3/4 of a cup in a
measuring cup until you're ready and
I'll show you why later but just put 3/4
of a cup of the chicken broth into here
hey that's good and then the rest could
go Indian come on come on you can do it
keep going
squirt I love it when it squirt go go if
it squirts you know you did a good job
yeah okay you want to put two eggs in
here there's one and two
then for the third one for a third one
you got to do something special I'll
show you right now you're only going to
want the yolk of the third egg Fred got
soup so for this you have an egg it's
still here and you use one of these
things I'll show you this is like an egg
separated so you take this pour it into
here
jiggle it around a little and it'll just
break part there you go now all you have
is the yolk oh don't break the yolk this
little thing is breaking it but not too
much so it's okay then just take the
yolk and put the yolk in there ah there
we go
it only lost like a drop we're still
good we're still we're still good we're
great fantastic now let's get moving now
you just want an eighth of a teaspoon of
ground ginger
so just half of this queer teaspoon that
should be fine into that now just a
quarter teaspoon of salt for all four
servings just a little bit that's it
and then just add a famous bowl add them
all now let's bring that up to a rolling
boil
baby hate that shit this is why you let
3/4 of a cup of the broth separate you
don't want to add cornstarch directly to
that pot you want to add it first to the
3/4 cup and then we'll add it once we're
ready at it but just take a tablespoon
whatever that's decent enough right now
one and a half uh 1/2 that's okay as bad
okay now stir that into into that
separate broth really well okay so it's
boiling boiling now so now you're going
to take your cornstarch and broth
mixture which is turned like a like a
milk color you take this and we're just
going to add it now we got to bring it
back up to heat but that's going to be
like the if you ever had egg drop soup
it's like a little bit thicker so that's
like a your thickening agent for it
while you're waiting whisk those eggs
the two eggs and one it one extra egg
yolk whisk it up because when that gets
to a boil again we're going to start egg
dropping okay so you just take the egg
and let it drop it's literally egg drop
okay look I'll show you
let it take this let it drop in
okay you'll start to see it just start
to cook inside that was that weird let
it drop let the beat drop once you
finished adding it all soups done go
ahead and turn off the heat remove it
from the heat and there you go
and then your phone rings that's it it
actually it tastes amazing and I'm about
to eat it but Brandon's calling me in
case you didn't look like it does in the
restaurant when you saw it in the pot
look at this check this out right
it's got the egg in it and everything
and I will definitely burn myself on
camera if I try to eat it but I'm gonna
taste it on camera cuz I always taste
things and drink things on camera and
then give you wide eyes cuz I always do
blow it it's hot
burr myself a little and amazing as
always
so there you go that's easy it's really
easy to make I always give you guys
these easy things yeah just try it if
you want to baby Bryn is here oh okay
Senor hair real quick yeah gotta fix
your hair real quick guess what I made
egg trucks egg drop soup yeah smells
like a bad bad bad deli here Brendon
doesn't like eggs I don't know how he
doesn't like eggs he doesn't like any
seafood
he doesn't like eggs and he doesn't like
anal yeah what I didn't show you before
with the helicopters is awesome
so Brandon I actually have to brandon
has this one are you Shane with it yeah
Brandon has this silver one I actually
got these both they're just fun to play
with and I have the black one this is my
small black one and so what you do is
you got this thing which like I
explained before forward is forward then
you can turn itself like that but the
cool thing is it's like laser tag in the
air because this fire button right here
if I push it it shoots and you actually
it fires forward so I chase his
helicopter while his helicopters chasing
mine and then they dogfight in the air
and if I hit his helicopter three times
it just falls out of the air and like
spins around there's all stuff so here's
a we're gonna play this is like a
dogfight laser tag with helicopters
awesome okay three two one flying
it's hard to vlog while I'm doing this
oh here don't fly 8k ready and yeah you
gotta pick yours up man here no I'll do
that I'm gonna fly it over here to the
18th don't shoot no uh he shot me got
easy shot I'm just trying to take this
okay you know what yeah I shot him
asshole
that's what you get come on come on yes
he only he only has one more life you
gotta lift yours up
No
come on
yes papers going down hahaha
and my victory so mine no don't touch it
don't touch it I'm going to show you
guys you can fly around here
oh oh you see gonna tip yeah so that's
how you play it I hit him three times
that he is out these are awesome
uh yeah I got these at Brookstone so I
know some of you gonna be like Oh
where'd you get that they might have it
online at like Brookstone comm or
something this like laser tag with
helicopters no awesome
ah if the camera you're just like hang
out on the door yeah
hey I love I love his maneuver whoa
that's what you learned in my proper god
class oh yeah good job
great wha we're keeping it classy right
now right
hikers yeah yeah exactly
where hundreds hey beat the for dollar
large party I'm gonna show ya pretty
good deal for a gigantic beer every
night it's four dollars for any beer on
tap besides it's gigantic for five bucks
Cheers you got a water so back off call
me responsive he is being responsible
he's the time getting on the cheeriest
Drive water you can't choose your water
broke
because that luck
yeah good shit
goodbye goodbye bye bye bye before you
leave you gotta smell better
no don't spray me don't spray me I smell
like Wang ah
bye I'm back at my place now and Jake
yeah now see you guys later peace on the
streets
oh whoa elevator what the fuck you
trying to do dog what the fuck you
trying to do dog you shouldn't let me
out I will let you out what the fuck's
elevator trying dude dog you know I'm
gonna eat me up but I punched you in the
face I let you out boom
I won't forget too long goodbye
come on come on
so come out sorry I'm just talking I'm
singing song right now anyway guys thank
you for watching thank you for sticking
around thank you for supporting thank
you for being you I hope you guys enjoy
the vlog yeah I mean that's all I got
for you today
so I gotta go remember to let him out so
I will I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye Lola are you pooping
oh yeah poop it out poop it out come on
push harder Oh
