hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys so I
guess you're wondering why you see me
put why you just saw all those hey guys
it's because even in the process of me
getting sick I still tried to vlog and
it got to the point each day where I was
like ah you know like maybe I can merge
together a few days or something so
those were playing attempts at starting
vlogs and I do have material from that
so I mean I'm gonna just show you this
random array of me trying to vlog the
last few days and you know you guys are
saying you just give up on it
I really do try even while being sick
but I I just didn't have the energy to
even today it's not only this vlog I'm
not doing I didn't even go to break
today for work I just stayed in bed I
just tired but I'm actually feeling a
little bit better right now and I'm
gonna go into work tomorrow which means
I'm gonna get back to vlogging so you
don't don't worry I'm not leaving you
but this happens especially when I don't
get a lot of sleep and I work hard so
yeah check out some of these clips that
are in that I did then yeah and then
maybe I'll go back to today or something
and now it's time for the weekend so I
just came back it's so nice on this roof
there's everything you guys have seen my
roof before but look you guys last night
you saw it wasn't during the day this is
just so nice oh the Sun is bright of it
well can't really tell on the camera but
you can actually see the ocean
you guys can't tell in here but anyway
it's really nice up here I love it
and yeah I want this I don't know why I
want to do this I think it'd be cool
here it's like it's like you guys are
gonna float down my little thing I don't
know
I may just okay start here
any comes damn it you just don't even
know what just happened I was gonna walk
you down the fountain and instead my
foot just came straight through the
floor I just went all the way through
that out up to like here wow I really
hurt I'm just gonna go I'm not gonna do
that again I'm just going back inside
check out what break gave me today now I
feel like I'm actually really one of
them it's a break shirt now I feel like
I feel like I should just go back to
break and hand them all a team shirts
I'm not gonna do that but thank you for
the break shirt break it's actually
really cool I am gonna wear it alright
with Jake so it's up we're gonna see
Godzilla
well we got an AMC but we're waiting on
David who's people been making a little
peepee and the girls Katie and Angela
are getting snacks
all I said I have it together well we
will try to do that or or or this we'll
find new mates hey oh hey what's going
pretty refreshing you know
we're leaving Sajid you guys missed it I
thought you gonna say Sagittarius
no I wasn't okay
what you think what do you think it's
pretty epic
it was very epic that's exact
you guys should check it out goodbye
you guys leave it to ya okay your
friends leaving
Oh everybody's leaving me oh you know
what oh that's seven I give cheap
blowjobs it's a new day for Amy oh god
this it's hard being here Lola are you
pooping oh yeah poop it out poop it out
come on push harder harder push it push
it
girl is it hard there you go
I'm gonna get so much hate for showing
that but it's okay cuz dogs poop that's
what they do anyway today I'm gonna show
you guys something I feel like some of
you are gonna think it's mean but it's
actually very necessary I'm at my
parents house right now and their house
is right next to you can't see past this
these trees and stuff is the fence and
then it's just a canyon it's like a huge
open canyon where there's coyotes some
mountain lions and rattlesnakes are the
biggest scare because they come into our
yard we've had tons of rattlesnakes
growing up as a kid you just know
growing up here that we would be on our
bikes and you would ride pass a
rattlesnake no big deal like that's what
they are the road but our dogs being
small have gotten attacked by
rattlesnakes so today I'm taking one of
my dogs who is not scared rattlesnakes
and they should be it's very important
to take them they have a class out here
to teach them to be scared of these
rattlesnakes and it saves their lives
it's very important to do it out here
because we have so many rattlesnakes so
I'm gonna take you guys to the class and
show you how that works we have to do
this I'm so mad that I couldn't show you
guys the rattlesnakes it made sense they
didn't want any photography or anything
shown because sometimes PETA doesn't
understand the importance of some of
these things so for PETA that made the
might think it looks mean but in the
long run you know the snakes aren't
getting harmed and the dog now could
have her life saved make sure she never
goes near a rattlesnake but she's still
happy right you're happy
she did fine she went through it only
like after the first time she wouldn't
go near any of the rattlesnakes or in
tonight that which was which was great
so I think it worked I have something I
want to tell you guys I used to be a
lesbian if you don't believe me here
look at my old school photo I was a
lesbian
look my lesbian haircut and everything
bleached blond tips yeah I was rocking
it that's one was in at the time I was
cool for him bleach blonde tips now and
be it I would be a cool lesbian so guys
that's where I am that's where I left
off couldn't really continue vlogging
all of that kind of formed one big vlog
so that's why you guys deserve to have
this what up so that's why I put this
one up but I still kind of feel crappy
I'm all stuffed up and I still have a
cough and I will try to vlog through
this because if not you guys can't seem
to let me have a break without
threatening to unsubscribe or Oh Alex
you're so unmotivated or is this I've
never had to take a day off and get so
much hate for it but I'm actually I'm
glad that you guys care so much and that
you guys love it so much that you will
give me the hate when you when I don't
deliver but just to reassure you even
right now I'm working a break almost
full-time now so it gives me less time
to vlog the fact that I'm still trying
to give you if I miss one here and there
I'm sorry but the fact that I'm still
doing it and trying my heart is still
with it I still want to deliver as much
as I can for you guys and I will I will
deliver and I will attempt every day but
don't don't hate on me if I miss a day
it's either because one I'm sick like I
am now
or two because we just had a lot of work
and there was nothing to vlog but
I will get I will get stuff up for you
so don't don't worry I'm not quitting
but I'll leave it I'll leave it at that
so as always I I will I hope to see you
again tomorrow I'll leave it at that
just so you guys don't get pissed at me
okay goodbye we're gonna heart there's a
wide someone's house no it's the
apartment building you supposedly blew
up something inside my mom's like maybe
it's a meth lab
