hey guys how's it going I am actually
i'm just leaving break right now because
i was at work today and then i have to
go to a meeting at NBC at nbcuniversal
and then i'll go back to break so i'm
heading over to NBC right now for that
meeting and then you know come back to
work holy hell it's hot outside look at
the temperature here oh come on there
you go 104 degrees 104 degrees
Fahrenheit it is toasty here and now
they how you doing on the East Coast
universal studios I'm here for my
meeting I love going to back a lot it
makes me feel like I'm more important
than i actually am and I'm really
important the meeting went really well
really excited about it I can't talk
about too much specifics because of this
business and you guys understand things
can't be talked about yet but anyway um
I gotta head back to break I gotta go
back to work now someone head back over
there finish out my day and then oh well
hang out afterward sound good cool
back at my place now about to uh about
the Brandon over Brandon's coming over
and Jason you guys have seen Jason but I
keep calling him Jonah Hill but where
they're coming up and that we're gonna
go get dinner do the identity in here
dinner hungry Brett eat shabu showed you
guys are like a previous walk hey
Brendon much weight hey hey oh oh what's
hot
you guys have met Jason before he is
he's a boy you know what I was gonna say
he's a boy boy boy boy no she's hard to
trial in Sequoia is it boy he's a boy he
is a boy you're a boy love a real man
where are we what some call me club
where the west side comedy clubs gym
night we go up an improv if you want to
are you gonna go up you know I thought
about it and I've decided that I'm going
to Jason you going up we're all going up
I wish I record it but they won't allow
anyone else we're going up you're going
down
hey by the way thanks for dinner tonight
you understand that the reason why I
hang out with you is only because every
time i go out i'm your dinner he reads
all your comments thats a friend and
only hangs out of you because of your
money I've never paid for anything for
him because he's actually you paid for
me oh hey I was branded because of his
money
we finished up watching the improv show
and it was awesome awesome and I wanted
to tell you guys right in front of us
there was this blondie girl I wish I
could blog it but there was a blondie
girl who I wanted to have sex with
really bad and and Brandon was like dude
you totally want to have sex with her
you should go talk to her I was like
yeah where you guys going this is this
is my street anyway so uh yeah so I
really want to have sex with her right
like she sits right in front of me I'm
like oh this is awesome and then you
know what exactly she grabs her the girl
next to her and started to make it out
which actually was very fucking sexy and
I would love to have a threesome with
them but I don't think that she goes
both ways but the thing is I'm like this
close to having a vagina and after
seeing her I was this close to having a
vagina wet yeah you totally have her if
she were always I would know yeah yeah I
would Brandon she would have sex with me
anyway and then for the improv troupe
they're like what's it tell what someone
say was something that means a lot that
means a lot to you and she goes my
girlfriend and that was the end of it
and i'm not sure what happened on stage
but i was watching her make out with her
girlfriend the whole time right in front
of my face friend i have like leaves and
twigs on my shirt now how did it stop it
we're going home we just got back to my
place but they reported that there was
an expert
branded their windows open right there
sorry anyway uh sorry his truck is heavy
and his triumphal out of my place but
he's not very good pulling out left they
reported an explosion go Brendan you're
in the dark right now okay so they
reported an explosion and we're gonna go
check it out cuz we're still here we are
doing work others ambulances everywhere
oh I can smell it yeah where is it it's
someone's car no it's not a car oh can
you make a right it's in there yeah
right no look we're gonna park where's
Ally so much house no it's the apartment
building is supposedly blew up something
inside my moms like maybe it's a meth
lab yeah we should park somewhere and
get this and park it somewhere
everyone's on the street outside we
should park somewhere campus yeah let's
do it Brandon all right will you bring
him what I'm like a head no no I'm just
saying Brandon you're stupid yeah you
know what we think we got evacuated I
know
well you're laughing is the evacuation
oh I'm laughing at the track will get
spots right here yeah let's get sponsors
they're planning on how to go in right
now they said they're waiting on hazmat
they don't know what caused the
explosion how they need our help I'm CPR
certified oh yeah what are you certified
in first aid and CPR I'm certified and
certified Love Machine I'm a certified
Love Machine exactly good call do
anything I think you remember has only
damsels in distress and said well yeah
if anyone's still in that building I
will personally tell the firemen to go
get go get her
I was gonna cross it
doesn't say do not cross it says do not
cross police line open
it's any belief I'm saying who is also
fun fun it was zoomed in there
so sumed in wait don't close it bye bye
bye bye this vlog has been brought to
you by aqua FINA walking with lime
leaders show it do you know you have
your hey you how else am I gonna get two
thousand dollars kids if you're ever
gonna drink and drive this is the way to
do it aquafina it's a lot good that's
good yeah yeah it is never hey let's say
hello in there I think that is that old
piece bottle wow did don't flip me off I
didn't that was the 18 flip me off for
throwing shit at them you know what I'm
just gonna have you buy me dinner
tomorrow night a team or me you oh so
where's why I hang out oh that dog and
it's on people's lawns and we both love
each other scissor me timbers fucking
tip touch tip Tut's head-to-head
Township to know the written old road
huh okay my guys all right let's go
start another fire okay why yeah ok guys
one home now I'm back nothing exciting
anymore except the end of the vlog
that's kind of exciting to for me
because that means I get to go to bed
soon and I'm tired did it did you do to
do time ok anyway so I just drag this
out I don't mean to drag it out cuz I'm
sorry anyway also also nothing I'm just
gonna let you guys go ok but as always I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
again no that's that it's a dejean vlog
because it's the same we just ate at the
same place i blogged yesterday and I
bumping into you again yeah i just want
shopping over here
the swingers
