hey guys wow it's so weird actually for
me to say hey guys so late I didn't blog
before work or during work or anything
and then I ended up working later
tonight so it is actually this is such a
late blog ha wah wah wah wah it's after
9pm how am I going to give you guys
full-on well Brandon's on his way right
now with Hannah and we're going to
figure out some stuff to do because one
I know it's not healthy to eat after
nine or was late but I was working late
and didn't even get dinner so I'm really
hungry so we're gonna figure out
something to do I'm gonna get something
to eat and I'm going to still make sure
I stay up as late as it takes to give
you guys a vlog well I hope you guys
appreciate that woo back at tender
greens for a second day hey friend and
Deanna hey
good sign of heat so the healthy what'd
you get Oh me I got the hearty invalid
of course she did you got mistakes Alan
I got that yesterday it's really good
sure like it take out the BBQ chicken I
love this place it's good I can't
believe I'm third wheeling time
ana and I are gonna have sex tonight no
okay okay every time I walking down my
street now this this is like a deja
flogged because it's tender greens and
then and then i bump into this guy again
no that's been at the deja blog because
it's the same we just ate at the same
place I have logged yesterday and then
I'm bumping into you again yeah i just
want shopping over here and ate it
swingers money I saw you guys walking
biased huh this guy yeah they pulled the
car route I came right out of lecture
and I go boom oh yeah brandi was right
Brandon went full it's like fighting
stances way to just kick at that
would've been funny getting bit by bugs
is that just girly hat in case you
forget to me and in case in case he
forgets he has it on his hat no Brandon
made up this little guy when he's been
playing with his girlfriend over here
Hannah and I want to show you the game
cuz we've been doing it now and I don't
know it's interesting the way you play
is you go on your iPhone or wherever
whenever your musical device is as long
as it has the option first shuffle and
what you do is you push shuffle so it'll
go to whatever song in your library and
you say the next song we're in three
songs whatever so the next song will
describe you Brandon or the next song
will describe you Alex that's me or next
next song will describe him as vagina
and so then you do that and you
hopefully the title the song or the
content of the song makes sense with it
so here let's do who's this next song
for
the fans this is for a teen fan 15 fans
okay all right so you can Shawn shuffle
this is for a team training and montage
you gotta do it again okay no okay the
next three songs to do it three songs
later and that'll be the 18 hold on
three songs screws out that one goes to
it's a song too yay team you go fly now
this next one describes Hannah's vagina
five songs from their five songs are
just an excellent for the next one the
next one will do the next one this is
architects I don't that means the
clearly architects work why is that I'm
here trying k my vagina let's do my
vagina next yeah it's cool thing my
vagina is cool as shit what about your
vagina Brandon I know you're gonna be
there in your vagina yeah all right good
next one beat about your right nipple
since it's always hard yeah all right
here they all right now yeah Darmok
better hey I think it is all ready to
tell you so I'm Frank Sinatra all the
way all the way yeah my nipple my right
nipple is really hard right now I'm
afraid like lady laying on table cuz
I'll cut glass this shit so good
is what my date no their date about
their day their day how your day is what
is it easy anything like anything like
me alright the next arm is going to
describe Alex's future wife go describe
future girl let's say cuz that's right
here comes living it up yeah okay the
next one will describe what my future
girl will look like wheels rolling she's
gonna roll right past me is that what is
this was telling me no okay the next one
is given describe out
what up 50 c hate the leaving good i
have not believed in kind well i'm 50
don't worry i won't walk out for 20 year
old hot tight puss lady what you're
trying to say is when you're 50 you're
still gonna be blogging daily also be
here guys you guys to be on with your
life youtube won't even exist but i'll
still be here vlogging my sex life i'm
scared of this behind those eyes behind
these eyes let my sex life try it again
if it doesn't come out like
that's stupid how we gonna use YouTube
describes your relationships your man
she's my man well that's how you play
anyway guys check that out by the game
it's just fun for some reason just it'll
make you laugh cuz sometimes you win on
something great like before we started
vlogging he goes this next one's gonna
describe your butthole to me and the
song that came up was danger zone which
is totally every accurate my butthole is
danger zone don't go near it don't pop
the pimple on my handy yeah that's nasty
it was a bug bite why not if I scratch
it off it'll start bleeding watch no no
no don't do it don't do it I'll kick you
I'll kick you I really will kick him
everything goodnight I'm trying to vlog
you leaving don't touch the button with
your tongue hand no no goodbye you know
you gotta push the button 1204 okay guys
well I hear them jumping in the elevator
anyway I know what you guys are going to
say today not a super eventful vlog not
not in my opinion not the best vlog but
I'm doing what you guys told me to do
and that is you said you know don't miss
a vlog even if it's a short vlog even if
you don't have much that you're doing
you want to see it so I'm going to give
you what you guys are asking and deliver
that and I know you haters are like why
don't you just not do it then if you
have nothing good to show will you same
haters that say that when I don't vlog
are there to hate again saying God he's
just quitting he's just getting lazy now
so haters will be haters because they
just have a negative
attitude about everything so I say we
stay positive about it and hey and I
like that rather than I went four days
is not giving you a vlog screw that i'm
gonna give you a vlog whether it's short
whether it's anything it's just real
it's just my day some days I don't have
a lot going on other days I have more so
you guys get to see what goes on so I
hope you guys enjoy that it's real I'm
not giving you fake shit okay so as
always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye I'm gonna sniff camera
Diaz is vagina right this is is that ok
she look hurt she's like ok he's like
sniff my butt hole
