hey guys so I I'm doing so a little
different this time just want to show
you guys something I thought that you
know so you guys understand a little bit
more about what I do when I vlog so you
saw the vlog that went up yesterday but
I'm actually uploading that right now as
I speak
I've been up editing it since I came
home and stuff so I'm going to show you
what I what I do so right now it is
processing it's almost done to mother's
day one which you guys already saw
yesterday but I want to show you
something very important that you guys
don't know and don't realize why I'm so
tired all the time why I sometimes I
just need to take a break I'm going to
show you one good reason why yep that my
friends for 21 am and guess what I have
work in the morning
so that this is what makes it difficult
I know but the thing is is I do a little
bit more stuff later on and everything
so usually or I don't get home till
later and then I have to vlog so I mean
then I have to edit sorry not vlog but
yeah so yeah I just figured I'd put that
into perspective for you guys I'm not
complaining I love doing this and it's
totally worth it you know it's not like
I'm making a living off doing vlogs not
like I'm getting rich off this so I'm
doing as a personal preference I enjoy
it I love your comments and everything
but I figured as a start to the vlog
I'll show you me finishing yesterday's
yeah I went to work all day today and I
I'm exhausted my eyes are like when I
get tired my eyes gonna burn they stay
squinty all day you're tired eyes I'm so
tired but and it's 7 o'clock p.m. and
now is when I could like this way I
tried to explain now is like when I have
time
to start doing my blog because at work
I'm in the office all day so Gregg's
coming up we're going to go grab dinner
now and then we're going to go out and
probably do stuff because I want to I
want to stop missing vlog days because
not only do I feel bad for not giving
them to you but I love reading all the
comments all day and sometimes I'm like
what do I do if I don't upload a vlog I
can't read any comments throughout the
day I really do read them
Oh many tender greens and trying to get
healthier right now I know I told you
guys I wanted to go healthy and I told
him backed out of that but I'm doing it
this time trying to get this salad and I
don't
I want other food too I'm excited I got
steak salad you got tuna salad he's a
bitch
here's what's this like whoa look at
this I mean I've seen it a few times
I've been Brookstone with Gregg look
don't you can see it just projects a
light keyboard hey go ahead write
something say the a-team is he's not
awesome all oh yeah you can put that
anywhere and just like project a full
keyboard onto like the table you're at
or never so you have a full keyboard
type on this just uses the lights push
it off bump it into neighbors down here
into SM into Santa Monica hello neighbor
summer battalion talking about his drift
he's going to live he drifted into the
spot
as far as ya know we walked up and I
hear a loud car room and then he's like
hey that was Batali
so we'll say hi to have to my boy I just
came up with the chills and watch like
that being right
yes is that your boy yes you're my boy
oh you're my boy you're my boy yeah
you're you're my boy yeah I just know
you had yet hello oh my god
Covey rise children hot smelly ass sir 1
SD cards whoo like my parents bedroom
okay I'm planning to get married in
Vegas and I'm married in five minutes as
I possible or not really yeah you could
you could get it annulled oh you can get
it an old once I know you did like you
just married I get it kids enough you're
marrying row row
oh geez okay on that note we're out
we're gonna go see neighbors Oh Angie
cheer hey Jake nice haircut yeah it's
all cherish I was gonna say it looks
like it looks like a cherished love
haircut yes it is oh you should push one
push one there's a thank you Greg I
think you always give hand motions and
you never say any words other than one
vlog a few vlogs back as soon as I said
hey he goes penis I saw would pick Metta
defendant yo my god the yeah I'm gonna
give you free either the mute friend
that says penis once in a while there's
one thing I really want to do right now
I'm gonna sniff camera Diaz is vagina
right this is is that okay
she look hurt she's like okay he's like
sniff my butthole
Jason seen over here yeah he's like heir
of it yeah you know what it smells a
little cardboard ewwww
not for me we just got back to my place
for after watching neighbors and I got
to tell you guys the weirdest thing
about it and I don't know if you guys
have seen it or not but it's so weird
because there's a lot of fraternity
movies that come out this one was very
unfortunately very close to my
fraternity that I was in and Greg was
also in my fraternity ah yeah and he was
like yeah that's pretty much it looked
like our black boy parties did all stuff
we had you know bottle rockets going
through the house literally and we
actually had neighbors just like the
movie and the neighbors were trying to
get us in trouble by telling the school
hey we found a bag of weed on our side
and really who's gonna throw a bag of
weed into your yard and then we would
they would do that we would do that then
they try to get the neighborhood
involved but we were on everyone's good
side because we clean their cars we took
out their trash if you watch the movie
what I'm giving away what we did if it
happens to be like the movie then fine
but I'm saying this is what we did and
you go watch neighbors after you know
what we did in our fraternity and tell
me that it's not safe
but anyway I'm ran to Lanting to you
guys let there be light ok anyway we're
gonna I'm gonna call it a night they're
probably heading out in a couple minutes
because they want to and yeah so I hope
you guys enjoyed this and as always I
will see you guys are good tomorrow good
bye
beyond store I look in anything like
Wonder Woman
a little bit Felicity cake is it is
thank you so it's lovely for me
absolutely lovely you have this in
yellow No
