hey guys it's a new day today you know
why because yesterday is an old day
today anyway
I'm just taking it easy right now
hanging out with my boy mr. Louie on the
couch hey Louie stay right there lady
really he's just been chilling all day
even when I was editing the vlog he's
went under my feet and just collapsed
and fell asleep because he's just a lazy
dog that's what he is he's just just
what oh you know like that I said that
where you on he's changing positions
okay did he do you make so many weird
noises my buddy Brian is turning 21
tonight so we came out and Brandon to
celebrate he's
water on the rocks over there dancing
over there
girl aah get off and maybe the
Winchesters I don't know what it is
we're at a party right now for snapchat
yep my buddy Brian 21st stored in a
warehouse a snapchat I don't know what's
going on beach balls are in my face
right now I don't know what's good okay
guys well that's it for today we had a
good night
happy 21st birthday to you mr. Brian
earlier I was actually working a job
with Brandon he's just doing some work
whatever but and the reason why I didn't
show that was I couldn't actually vlog
at that time because it wasn't my I
wouldn't be allowed to vlog in someone
else's event that I was helping to work
so anyway while I was there one of the
guards that works at the venue when one
of the security guards was like oh my
god I watch all the time why didn't you
put up vlogs this week and everything so
so cool to always meet people who
support and I was like oh god wish I
could put you in the vlog right now I
really wanted to I always like the thing
is if you guys come meet me and you're
like hey I want to be on the blog I'll
blog with you like don't be afraid to
walk up to me and say that but because
of that they had someone taking pictures
there so I was like you know just take a
picture with me and I will show the
picture on the vlog so this is the
picture I took with me in the security
guard look at all happy so there you go
I know that you are watching today
because I told you watch and because you
said you watch a lot so there's the
picture I took with him and yeah I wish
I could have actually blogged there but
do notice you ready to go to bed bud
yeah you already walk in there yeah
nodding his head yes he seems to always
know how to vlog he nods his head yes
when I ask him questions and everything
so we're gonna head to bed and that's it
so as always I will see you guys again
tomorrow
goodbye hey guys umm god I always I told
you guys I would start clearing my
throat before I started but clearly that
didn't really work anyway I am on my way
to my parents house because it's
Mother's Day so I'm gonna go hang out
with the family and my mother of course
and guess who's coming along hey there
mr. Louie wait where you going where you
going right now what are you trying to
do what is he trying to do he's gonna
hang out and yeah I want to show you
guys the gift that I actually I went
with my both my sisters to get a shared
gift this year for Mother's Day I think
you guys will enjoy it let me show you
what that is woman when I get home this
is from all three of us oh it can be
this it's a box
yes no you already have that's another
way oh my god hashtag awkward family
photo
if you'll have what do you have on your
shirts there just cuz there's cat cats
from space what did you do this we went
to a glamour photo place best Mother's
Day present ever
we're in Barney's right now for my
mother stay Riley look at these come
here gonna try this Jackie hold up 100
that's right all right I'm gonna break
don't because I think it that way yeah
no but I think that's the wheels like on
an office chair
oh no it is this really sturdy push her
Riley no she's fault yeah we're making
the the pregnant girl get on it she says
now she's getting the hang of it she's
got it some of the things in this store
though really expect look at this this
is this is a regular metal chain you can
get from like Home Depot or something
come on focus
but
$296 $300 for four pieces of metal
cheese be honest do I look any anything
like Wonder Woman a little bit
Felicity cake is it is it thank you so
it's lovely for me absolutely lovely you
have this in yellow no you guys want to
get is there a Burger King near here
does anybody know where the Burger King
is by the way that's meant for a baby
but you have the same haircut as a baby
are you talking about yeah yeah I'm
driving now I'm falling Brandon back to
Louise owners house
Louise leaving me Lily
go go he's he's a he's going home now I
love this dog this dog is so loving and
so funny and I really want to hold on
now
I really really do there he goes and you
guys remember Brandon is on Nikita look
how big she got from that little puppy
vaquita
Oh jumpers right over the camera
she got big
they tell us what you're doing okay
I miss you too I heard you had a great
day
what are you doing till you have the
hiccups
people are gonna wonder why I'm showing
you for almost a minute just wiggling
some green onions I'm only a nuke she's
changed things up a bit now now at 11:00
he was at 11:00 field
hello what's that in your ear
hello inspiration bra you see the better
flame-haired
yeah
I'm meeting Brandon right now go see you
movie where is it
see hey Brandon hey Brandon
oh no cameras kay camera
he's sleeping whoo
back at home now guys it's done this
blog is done I'm tired
I gotta edit this I got work in the
morning and we had to fund two days
again guys I'm sorry I didn't give you a
vlog yesterday but I kind of gave you
both of them today so I'm not missing of
long for you guys I just it was Mother's
Day and last night I got back late so I
was gonna edit this morning but I was
like hey you know what I'm not gonna be
late for my mom's brunch so you guys got
to two days in one so I hope you guys
enjoyed it and as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow good bye
