hey guys I know I know it's been a while
since I've logged it says this is the
longest time I've gone without vlogging
and I am sincerely sorry I just had so
much on my plate with work and
everything that I was like you know it's
just I'm not going to be able to give
these guys anything interesting i can
vlog for maybe like two or three hours
at night and then I just have so much
work throughout the day that's not vlog
worthy at all so now you know no matter
what I'm going to try to find stuff to
vlog I did the busy work is kind of done
we're kind of over the hill and
development stages and stuff and we'll
get back to fun fun stuff so I hope you
guys forgive me and you won't have me
gone that long I missed you guys I
missed everything about you as much as I
hate to say it I kind of even missed you
haters I did but I am at work now so I'm
gonna go into work and then hopefully
after we could just have a good time and
you know catch up a little bit it's been
a while I left work i'm heading over to
jake's house but i want you guys to see
something special this weekend i have a
friend staying with me and he's a little
bit gassy but i like him right Louie
right
yeah he's at uh-huh hmm that's Louie
Louie's gonna stay with me for the
weekend and actually lily is a full
bulldog his full name is Louis Vuitton
because the color of his coat is the
same code as same colors as louboutin
and and taking him in for the weekend
actually because I'm looking into
getting a dog and my favorite dog is a
bulldog cuz they're just so funny he's a
lot breather he's lazy fartsy burp
cheese just great he is 24 7 comedy but
he is a big massive lover so he's
hanging out with me he's gonna be in the
vlog for this weekend and you know this
is my first time taking care of a
bulldog so I want to see how it is
taking care of an adult and you know if
I love them then I'm and I grew up with
dogs guys just so you know but this is
my first time with it with a bulldog so
I want to make sure that this is the
right breed for me and what better than
to take care of a full-grown massive
farting mail so I hope you guys enjoy
Louie you enjoy them yeah good just flew
in the place come on come on come on
Lily and then when he's all tired he's
just kicking it
Oh
Oh
they
Oh
laughs
some come
work
time Oh Pelton
good
for the body to fasho
it's you coming
it's my show watch me take me away
savvy way
you're right
is
so you guys just saw that footage we
were shooting a little bit more getting
some like b-roll some cool shots with
Harley and battalion everything for that
video that you guys saw last time but
I'm here I'm hanging out with you boy
yeah and then what was what was this big
news you guys may not know but he's got
a pretty well-known brother as well and
for you 49er fans what would shout out
man Stevie Johnson niner game quest for
six we back home in the bay Tana he's
back home that's his hometown so
everyone there is like super excited I
know that you guys are so let me know in
the comments below if if your niners fan
is going down he's going down CJ Jake's
out okay guys well everyone went home I
really hope that you guys enjoy this
vlog and I again I'm sorry that it's
just been so long since you guys have
seen a vlog I will try my hardest not to
be gone for that long from you guys but
yeah and hey make sure you check out
your boys channel too because he has a
channel on YouTube as well I'm gonna put
his link in the description so you guys
can check out his stuff too because I'm
kind of doing all this stuff with him
and I barely even told you guys about
that so you check out his stuff too i'll
put his link and you guys can go ahead
and subscribe to him as well but uh i'm
gonna call it a night and i think Lily
Liu easier to write already on my bed
yep I will take I'll take that you on as
a yes so we're gonna we're gonna go to
bed I'm gonna see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye to women telephone we
don't eat out hi max design in letting
go to the beach we run the beach out she
had home with me
