hey guys today we're shooting a music
video for my brother-in-law
he goes by his group is doc Hollywood I
showed you their new single and you guys
may know their older older hit single we
run LA if you don't check it out that's
cool
but anyway so Jake is here we're trying
to prep the the cocktail we're making
electric lemonade for so that everyone
can just drink that so there's not a
mess and everyone pouring liquor plus we
can't show brands when we're doing a
video like this so we need to just have
everything pre-prep so that's what we're
doing now we're rushing because it's
already noon and we had to have this
done two hours ago we finish up the
cocktail we made electric lemonade and
the way we did it is like pretty much
two gallons of lemonade two full handles
of vodka and a full 750 milliliter
bottle of blue carousel right look at
this it's just that's one lemonade yeah
so these we have two 3.5 gallon
containers we have seven gallons of
cocktail we'll probably need to make
more later on because people will drink
boom Jake you push the nozzle push my
nozzle okay it's good let's try it
I like it told us your nozzle any day we
got to show you guys some things around
the party check this out this is a
two-story waterslide that just drops
dual back here to give you an idea how
big it is I'm gonna walk over here it
goes all up like good to have two
stories it's taller way taller y'all out
there and you can't even see it on here
I'll show you when I'm up there it's
like it's it's wrong it just doesn't
look like it right now but it drops the
whole way it's awesome
we're setting up a shot here my
brother's off for Alex right said not
he's DJing the new song when he got all
people out here more people still
showing up it's an awesome ratio just
saying this is this hats super fitting
for my dad
Oh see he likes to party too
I just came home to find out what's
going on in my backyard I had no idea
Alex you're at it again he really didn't
have it you really didn't know he knew a
little bit he knew we were gonna do some
sort of thing but he only found out the
buns I said I'm gonna have somebody over
in the backyard I didn't know that this
beach house no service and my ex trying
to reach out to women telling Flo we
don't eat our high backs this island let
it leak our couldn't go to the beach we
run the beach shower she had home with a
man she's trying to sneak out
you rub the freak out so don't make it
outside
I'm just getting shot what
we totally just ran out of alcohol and
that was this was look at how many
handles of vodka we went through all of
these and tons of stuff I just send like
a PA out to go pick up more handles of
vodka so I can make more drunk I can't
believe they're drinking as much is the
security still here we don't let him
walk in okay we're gonna wait up we're
gonna talk to him now
well security can't really shut us down
so more alcohol just arrived I'm gonna
show you how I make this drink so I have
two gallons of water let me see
and then you could just get country time
lemonade or any of these lemonade this
is for two gallons that's why we have
two gallons of water so putting the
lemonade one into each make a lemonade
and then yeah it makes a little more
than that now you add two 1.75 liter
bottles of vodka straight in you know
what we need to take these off
slow posers up pussies hey Jay help me
out yeah there we go
two bottles in that one Edgar whatever
just vodka
you might want to take this slow pour
out because slow pores are for pussies
Jake okay so I need another bottle here
too lazy oh this one is already ready
okay so let's get one now we had one 750
milliliter bottle of Blue Curacao people
oh do you only have one yeah that one
per person I know I know I thought you
were grabbing me one sorry do you have
your Springs stirring spoon yes while
you stir that when we drove there okay
stir that up that's how you make a lot
of electric lemonade for a party peepee
if you have gloopy's you do not it's all
climbing down
there we go guys
electric lemonade boom there we go we
got more come on drink more drank for
everybody let's get this out there
up the flamingo finally now like
everything's settling in so now it's
really start like get my drink on and
hanging out oh you loving boobies
boobies I need to catch up to everyone
else they're finishing all this liquor
look who showed up a little late
straighten the way I shall this girl
hump in the Shia one earlier no no I'm
not damn you guys need to get a drink
this is electric linen II know yeah
drink the kool-aid no but I am trying to
have sex with you Dennis Roady
yeah mrs. neighborhood because we could
just drive golf carts around come back
when you guys grab your food no they
order food at home but you guys come
back I'll see you I'll see you later on
yeah I used to have a golf cart too when
I lived over here because everyone just
drove around and it's so chill over here
I'm actually drunk right now so yeah
yeah I'm drunk he's drunk he's right
that's what we do we get good times yeah
a special guest just showed up to make a
cameo appearance in the music video in
this music video mr. Arley working the
grill wait do you know how to work this
grill do you cook
I actually don't I just keep touching
these things and then they end up
cooking oh yeah easy
that's cool I like the way you work your
wieners it was an easy one right sit you
up
he said you set me up it's my second
year you did yeah
okay guys that's it I'm tired drunk fell
asleep outside in the backyard my
parents came home and said hey wake up
so I'm just gonna sleep here and edit
this tomorrow when I go back to Santa
Monica or something but it was a fun day
a good time but as always I will see you
guys again tomorrow good bye hey guys
its new day today I am NOT hungover so I
feel fantastic I'm about to meet Jake
and Krista for lunch we're gonna go out
a little boat and have myself feast on
the water it's such a nice day out of 87
so it's not too hot not too cold
couldn't ask for better after that after
drinking day-day lunch eaten time sex
what damned English not one out on the
lake it's it's not a big boat but it's
vote and I love it and we're gonna eat
lunch on it right and we got champagne
and we got champagne oranges for Moses
because what better way to enjoy a day
on the water will either turn into these
rocks hold on
you enjoying that I was until I pulled
out the camera yep
I'm just gonna sit here alone then and I
enjoy my food okay you guys have fun
good good well if we grab some attorneys
we don't litter
I did have sushi and Caesar
check out this pirates house sorry
what
he stole the toy
yeah you can unclear
what well that was a long two days by
long I mean didn't feel very long but it
was long now I'm home back Santa Monica
hello Santa Monica how are you and I'm
tired I am guys surprise surprise
that's what happens after stuff
clearly my mind is running slow right
now so I'm just gonna wrap this up and
then out and then you know as always I
guess I'll just see you guys tomorrow
good bye but they come together in your
mouth your mouth wait you got to tell me
how that is yeah what it's like
