hey guys I am out shopping but not for
clothing and not for anything else
materialistic I'm actually out to get a
megaphone or a bullhorn because my
brother-in-law Alex his group Hollywood
has a new single you which you guys know
which I've showed you in previous vlogs
their music video shoot is on Saturday
and so while you're watching this little
tomorrow
I gotta get a megaphone so I could talk
to all the bitches on a megaphone and
tell them what they need to do I just
found one right here but it's only it's
only ten watts and it's $100 and they
have like 40 or 50 watt ones on Amazon
for like 25 $30 totally gonna go on
Amazon just do like one day shipping
this is don't rip me off
RadioShack I feel like it's almost every
other vlog now that I am filling up my
tank I'm getting better at this whole
filling up my guest
look at this guy's oh my god I don't
even care the light screen up there
I got a he's just chilling yeah well you
got you got a little penis coming out of
his belly button this is what Greg said
penis just to get it in my vlog well
you're happy you said penis in my blood
okay this is why Amazon just Trump's
like going to a physical store cuz there
was whenever we had to redo shag was a
hundred bucks for a 10 watt one from
this one which is 50 watts it's being
sold for thirty two ninety-eight and its
prime I'm gonna spend 30 to 33 bucks on
one that's 50 watts and not a hundred
dollars on one that's 10 watts I just
wish they had these kinds of deals in a
physical store I could drive to because
then Amazon would be that much better
I'm showing them the liquor closet that
I have I'm gonna you want me to meet are
you taking
why does everyone go for the fireball
literally that finishes so often that I
have to have like extras to fill it show
me on look at that what is this kid tell
my viewers what this is what show you
have alcohol and you have guns even know
how this bleep works
yeah there's a bunch of little balls in
there one of those what's up what about
you I'm gonna make I'm gonna make you
guys what was the time that's in my
Remington 870 and I'm gonna make one too
I'm just saying I'm gonna experience the
vlogger stuff paparazzo no so I'm making
I'm just a simple real good shot
and with Godiva in black and white we're
gonna call it the Donald sterling
because it's white and it's
uncomfortable mixing with the black part
of the drink no I'm not drinking that
shit because there's only so we're gonna
have them who's having the third you're
having it there with me you don't drink
so who's having a they come together in
your mouth wait you got to tell me how
that is yeah cool another one this one's
interesting
it's funfetti cake vodka and then is a
ruble China which is like cinnamon the
kind of thing and then Kahlua just
coffee so it's like a coffee cake I
guess take this one happier and
protected yeah so do something to it
just don't trust you let's drink
something for you no hot sauce there's
no hot sauce how you change it up yeah
you change that now I've never made that
so I don't know what it is not bad it's
probably a little bit weird
how's it going hey everyone hanging out
in the rooftop I don't want to fall here
here see the city in stuff that displays
the beach right down there everyone's
just hanging out just a chill night
that's that's my favorite kind of night
just chill I don't need to party and get
wasted and everything that just a couple
drinks and hanging out with friends
great yeah just go try one so put your
hand in there for a second
no not like it do it on the box here the
box yeah hold it one spot it's smoking
already but we've never slowed that's
crazy that there's that technology to
feature is this shoe long word job Gina
come here real quick real quick yep this
I got it
you ready to see this like laser thing
right here this is Alex's laser look up
into the sky watch did you see yes yeah
yeah
Oh God
look IV probably at that building can
ice yeah see that building the hallway
down there that way building yeah oh I
thought you were right here I'm gonna
zoom in Amen even that's not building it
okay I'm done the building I want one
don't worry it's not as dangerous they
can't like point it at someone up fuck
you love it's really hard
no I showed him I ain't aiming at a box
like a second and but you like this
close to it if you shoot it at a
building that far I wonder no no no you
could do it across my kitchen it will
burn yeah still yeah alright the telogen
I do it do it isn't perfect I'm doing
looking at cell phone cuz you're walking
and now I want to say goodbye
I almost almost killer about you
Batali's leaving by what I'm so scared
of you with my blog oh no you can't you
can't suck them that's my job I sucked
them
okay well everyone handed out these are
the last two that I finally give it's
the leave we had to clean up everything
actually they did help me clean up but I
thank you Gina
she did all of the cups and stuff that
we were drinking from all the all the
liquor she put everything in my
dishwasher rinsed everything out and
cleaned everything I didn't do any of
that so I kind of felt bad but thank you
so much it's so nice of her that was
awesome for debt so thank you you guys
I'll let you have the garage I won't
forget you talk to them for so long you
forget and then I got cell phone service
I won't i won't i won't forget try to go
home okay well that's all i have for you
guys today i'm gonna end it here or else
I'm totally gonna forget to open the
garage I already forgot to for two other
people so that's that's it I hope you
guys enjoyed watching and as always I
will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye yo yo what up a team we're
kickin the a-team vitaliy we're giving
mustache rides over here what's going on
are we doing blobs all flags everywhere
