hey guys I am so sorry that I didn't put
up a vlog yesterday
not that you guys like to hear my
excuses or anything but as you know I
work for break and I am just crunched
with work for them right now
we're working on some stuff so I was
literally at my computer from the
morning until I went and got dinner and
then came back and I was like I have no
blog I could vlog me talking at my
computer all day but then I'm just gonna
get hate from you guys so I don't want
to bore you and I just you know
sometimes when I have those I have
responsibilities that I got to take care
of so I realized for that as well as the
vlog and the last vlog I did those you
on your phones weren't able to see it
what I have no idea why that happened I
do maybe YouTube is going through some
changes or something I tried to fix it
wouldn't work
it just won't play on phones or
something for some reason and so a lot
of you didn't get to see the giveaway so
just so that you guys know the giveaway
is for Instagram so I'm just gonna show
you the picture on here so you guys know
what to do so go onto Instagram
you do have to be following me too in
order to win a team shirt by the way
follow me but the picture is this
picture right here so Brandon and I like
that yep got it cool
so that's the picture you guys just need
to go there and make a funny caption
write something funny about it you know
a caption it and the best one I'll pick
it on the vlog I'm extending the
giveaway because a lot of you didn't get
to see it so I apologize go ahead and do
that and let's let's do this guy's let's
do it come on third street and I'm about
to go into a restaurant to or sports bar
and I'm gonna watch a Philadelphia
Flyers game which could only mean
thing right what do you think that one
thing to be I'm gonna go in and you'll
see the surprise I mean I'm probably
gonna put it in the title what this is
and get away the whole surprise but
whatever yo y'all without a team we're
clicking the a-team vitaliy we're giving
mustache rides over here what's going on
are we doing blobs all flocks everywhere
so basically Alex and I were kind of no
no you in LA when this happens there's
like 16 years no fucking it's a close-up
no it's oh your water right here take it
I'm trying to figure out what I want to
do tonight for the rest of the night I'm
thinking about it I don't know you know
what maybe I should just ask my family
what should we do tonight the rest of
the night but yeah for the rest of the
night what should we do you want to go
to the club so you go party at a club we
should go to a club right you guys want
to go dancing right yeah yeah who's
first on the table yeah me okay I could
hear
just I don't want to break the table but
this is you wanna you want to rub me no
I'll pass
it says you know you don't want no one
you were caught up in you know I mean
I'm sorry okay sorry just lift them up
and we thank you guys I don't know so
let me tell you something getting my
eyes
they're thinking they're taking over the
claw machine I'm gonna go cheer for some
winners some real winners
right cheering your leg
walk out
Hey
go on City ball that is smelling shit
what the lowest score gets to their
knees and done I ended with 310,000
what'd you get what's your score
Jesse 170 120 you get two balls left
they're not coming out hey Batali be a
man and own up just one your knees and
yell at you a little bit yeah underneath
you a metaphor
yeah you ought to have a say she's
little bitch is that the kind of man you
are
I don't know just do it the rest of my
line I'm a little bitch
you gotta beat cichlid 6/15 Azov
battalion or 660
we said you back so it was you back yeah
you guys go for it
Oh everyone Batali yeah I just owned up
and beat everyone
it is love it's Ally God okay guys
that's all I got for you today I hope
that you guys enjoyed this one I had fun
today
to actually tell you guys how I met up
with Jesse and Jeana is funny because I
today's the first time I ever met Jesse
and Jeana Jesse tweeted today he's like
where is a good place to watch the
Flyers game in Santa Monica so he always
the same time annika so I hit him up on
Twitter and said we should meet up and
then game with suggestion and then went
over we met up and hung out for the rest
of the day that's what I love about
YouTube it's such a cool community where
you just kind of have something you
could relate with and then do it hang
out you know so that was awesome a lot
of fun meeting them hanging out with
them vitaliy came out we just had a good
we had a good day and I hope that you
guys enjoyed this vlog so as always I
will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye I have new neighbors moved in
and I want to show you you guys probably
don't know my neighbor at all but I yeah
this is my neighbor
