hey guys i have i want to tell you i
have new neighbors moved in and i want
to show you you guys probably don't know
my neighbor at all but I him this is my
neighbor hello hello neighbors I am now
like steps away from the Alex Mandel log
bathroom yes he actually is now my
neighbor I'm not lying to you I'm not
just saying it he's my neighbors so it's
pretty awesome we're going to have fun
and tear up said I wanna cook because
that's what we do and just so if you're
wondering everyone's going to say what
about Roman I'm actually flying back to
Ohio this week to film a video from and
our main print channel so yeah yeah
he'll go he'll go back and forth and I'm
just going to stay here and then sit on
his heart nor should wait for him just a
cookie and try to cookie haha look at
this food it looks so it looks so good
don't eat me don't eat me
all young news
top of the dead o-mai tastes really good
really good palomar dollars just know
the beach bike ride right in your
neighbor hey what's going off right it's
perfect y'all seeing snowfall that's it
he meets an angel or snow but what do
you know don't throw that at me don't
get this is the packing Sansa have you
ever packed fudge tell me what the
tallies oh we use to tell Nutella yeah
lootera this video a picture on
Instagram patience remakes to make sand
angels we're gonna do is we're gonna do
an Instagram picture right now so see
you guys if you are following me on
instagram you guys get to see what
happens throughout the day before my
vlog ever goes out whoo yeah smaller
Instagram and Alex Mandel
maybe there is we get ready we just
biked to Venice and over here they're
always trying to make everything look a
little nicer and right now today they're
painting this mural on the side of a
building check this out
they're painting it right now
how cool is that this guy mean a
motorized wagon look it's motorized I
want one so tell us where are we right
now we're on set in Venice oh yeah we on
set yeah this is a this is dennis and
i's movie that just us two doing yeah
it's actually a commercial for yogurt
yeah yeah go-gurt yogurt so when you're
on the go and Venice I love chugging
down some go-gurt
Oh
dennis and i just got back to my place
and one of the doors was moved a little
bit in a way that I never I never keep
I'd like very specific about the way i
keep my place and it was different and
there were lights on that i don't
normally keep on which is sometimes
happens just with this place because
everything is automated but just to be
sure we did a sweep we did a sweep
Dennis had this with him I was running a
bashment freaking he had that and I was
rolling around with my 12 gauge so I had
my 12 gauge and he was backing me up
with a wicked witch tool we sweep the
area we thought there was a breach
nothing false alarm yeah and then after
I put the gun away he was like I was
kind of hoping for some action yeah I
know we're walking through literally
cocking the shotgun and walking through
doors like kicking them open trying to
be it was fun it were a good time so I
took Dennis home and I drove him I
didn't need to drive him because he
lives so close but I was heading over to
jake's house because today's Monday and
as you guys know monday is the following
and today was season finale it was
really good so I figured I would drive
him home I also noticed that throughout
this whole vlog I have had something in
my teeth so thank you Dennis for not
alerting me to that and now I have a
full blog with something would do anyway
what I want to do today is I'm going to
do on a team shirt giveaway that's right
i'm doing an a-team sure giveaway right
now why cuz i feel like it you guys are
awesome
and I when you guys make me feel good
that means you guys are going to get
more free stuff because you guys rocked
this this last vlog that I put up I mean
I guess it's on me to put up a good vlog
or bad vlog but when I see a lot of
positive comments and people loving
stuff and everything that it just makes
me happy makes puts me in a better mood
and makes me want to give you guys stuff
so I'm going to do a giveaway I'm a team
shirt give our way and the way this
one's gonna work is it's not you guys
got mad last time because I did an
annotation type of giveaway so for those
you want a mobile phone you were a
little bit pissed that you couldn't
participate and I was pissed that I
didn't even realize you couldn't
participate so I'm sorry the way this
one is going to work is actually on
Instagram yes not on YouTube you guys
and yes this may just be a simple ploy
for me to try to get more instagram
followers or it may not be but you know
it might be I just enjoy i like seeing
you guys over there i'm trying to get
you guys to check out my other stuff
just so that i can be more interactive
with you guys is what I love I don't
care about the numbers or any day that
but I love all these comments coming and
everything so because of that you guys
make me laugh with your comments some of
you make the wittiest funniest comments
like especially on that WTF vlog I did I
was my parents were laughing my sisters
were laughing we were going through
comments and reading you guys are
awesome with that so I figured because
you guys are such good commenters and
you guys come up with these funny things
I'm going to put up an Instagram photo a
picture on Instagram and you'll know
because i'm going to say giveaway
caption contest or whatever it is i'm
going to put up a picture and I'm going
to ask you guys to put a caption to
caption it whatever you guys want it
doesn't have to be appropriate or
anything
and I'm going to announce I'm going to
give some of the runner ups and stuff on
my vlog but i am going to announce the
winner on my vlog i'm not sure i'm going
to do it sometimes this week but you
guys make sure you go you have to be
following me on instagram in order to
participate so you have to follow me on
instagram it's just at Alex Mandel or
out you type announcement out whatever
but you have to be following me in order
to win the giveaway win the shirt so you
guys can put as many captions as you
want as many as you'd like but it you
have to be following me and it's going
to be on Instagram I don't know what I'm
going to post the picture but it will
say on the picture caption contest so
most likely when you're watching this
today which you guys are watching it is
now tuesday for those of you here in the
US i don't know if it's already
wednesday for something but anyway i'm
going to be probably putting up the
picture today meaning for you guys today
so make sure you check that out make
sure you go on their right to your
wittiest funniest could be inappropriate
could be completely appropriate and i
will pick the winner and announce it on
the vlog so go ahead and do that and i
hope you guys enjoyed watching today's
vlog and as always I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye oh oh yes here
you go here you go get your ok ok I'm
just lifting up to the plant ok
