hey guys Jake is here hello Jake I gotta
grab something real quick go through the
portal ah my longboard i'm going to show
you why is Jake brought me something
special I'm gonna take this ah show me
what you got as you guys may know I work
for shark wheel yes for those of you
that don't know he works for a
skateboard real company called shark
wheel which pretty much as they claim as
well reinvented the wheel and a shark
wheels so we'll open them and I'll show
you I'll show you why they're so special
and awesome so if you notice let it
lighten up they look square and that's
because they are kind of square but I
know that sounds really weird and
ridiculous like that's stupid why would
you make square wheels that's what they
are but the technology in these is
amazing it's brand new so if you guys
know those snakes that go through the
desert like the Sidewinders they go like
this they like move in a zigzag foot
formation that's what these do that's
what are for now is called keep what if
that's what our formulas cold Oh
Sidewinder formula did eirias a
sidewinder the snake that is their exact
thing so these wheels they do that
rather than roll straight now you saw
there pretty much square but if you roll
them because of this because of these
see they actually role perfectly round
and it'll keep rolling
and then the real application for them
is any bumps in the road or any if you
go over stand I don't know how many of
you guys skateboard but if you do you
know that if you hit a little patches in
your board is going to pretty much
stopped or slowed down significantly
lose speed or traction these will cut
through it so when I'm skateboarding
next to him and he and I hit bumps to
the road and slow down his just goes
straight through them it just takes it
like nothing else we're going to put it
on my board and I'll and I'll show you
guys a cool example look good only got
one more to go Jake's changing out the
last one I'm actually excited to try
this on my board last one yeah those
does
nice since these wheels are clean right
now ooh pump it into everything
ooh my parents are gonna kill me they're
clean wheels I'm just trying them and
that was super smooth an awesome I had
to do that just once for those of you
that ride your skateboard if you hit
like a little rock or something and
you're not going that fast you're bored
just stops and I fallen on to flat on my
chest before from that but anyway so
look at these these are all like things
that fall off the tree they're not
squishy they're really hard to like big
pebbles and if you if you ride a normal
skateboard over these because I with my
old wheels I had to pick up my boards
across these so Jake right over these
pretty slow so they can see they just
like the design makes them like fly out
from under the wheel they were all here
you see the flight they literally fly
out the sides yeah he's going pretty
slow to show you but they literally
makes the design makes them kind of just
fly off the side and he doesn't lose any
speed at all which is awesome shark real
calm huh / cool about shark wheel calm
guys check it out I'm not advertising
here this is just you know support my
friends and I so I wouldn't have
switched my wheels out if I didn't think
they were awesome anyway I could've told
you oh hey check them out but they are
they work they're really cool go take a
look for yourself there's some videos on
there oh no poor little hummingbird is
stuck hey bud come down here come here I
can help you get out come on jumpin come
up out here Birds swooped down yes daddy
yeah try to get him
out come out closed down oh so close
yeah just like damn it you try it shirt
it you drained oh yeah I'm gonna come
down lower I know not there I don't know
what is a shirt okay okay
on the night bird all right ready
you're just you're just refers you might
need me to do all that hole okay you
just lost your shirt
there we go there you go damn put those
guns away uh yeah we're saving birds
people okay all right I'll hopeless
where you go I mean she's still the same
place just I'm just don't get to steer
you go up one more Wow see ya all right
you may have gone eyelids on him just
don't know sis just scoop it from both
sides oh you do have them right here to
open the door you open 900 there is they
put them love put them below on the
ground at first so we can check in right
here let's just set them down hopefully
he'll fly
there he is okay okay okay just tired
most people get to see these applause
okay
yeah he's okay oh oh yes here you go
here you go okay you're okay okay I'm
just lifting up to the plan okay when
you're when you're ready to fly back
never you ready a little camera shy huh
Elmo's ready
oh oh yeah Dubai oh really cool that was
really cool to the ladder but the bird
flew off and I'm happy and he's good
he's healthy there you go guys
I guess they can't do fire here Jake
nope laser green laser you enjoy your
food benihana / dinner Jake's handout
you gone good see you later dude thanks
for the shuck wheels again no problem
boom I'm excited for the hell yeah do
you check them out I'll see you later
look oh yeah I will let you out I've
actually would have forgot yeah sorry
well guys it's getting late and the
girls and I are just gonna go watch a
movie on my couch over there so I got to
change out of my shorts i'm just going
to throw on i don't know if you guys
have seen these my my special sweatpants
that we're made for me this might follow
me pants yep that goes right on my ass
so follow me at Alex Mandel and but yeah
I'm gonna throw those sockets are more
comfortable and then we're gonna watch a
movie which is totally not vlog worthy
so I figured I'll just end it here guys
this will be the end finito okay so as
always I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
you
