hey guys today is officially not
officially officially the first day of
playlist live here in Orlando and that
means we're going to have a weekend so
looks fun right now I am ready to go but
Andrea is a lady face so it takes her a
little bit longer you know lady faces
they take they take much longer than the
men faces but so she's put on her pretty
look right now actually you just need to
blow-dry your hair right yeah are you
doing okay good she put on it she put on
her pretty face and then we're gonna go
have myself a good time and start
herself off right this weekend probably
with some drinks like I said first stop
is the bar how do we get to the bar
thank you
yes
I hit earth rod try to get this out
I saw an old notification on my phone
that they're doing live America's Got
Talent auditions at the you now stage I
thought it'd be funny to go there
possibly bring my dad upon FaceTime and
have him live judge I don't know how
that's gonna work but we'll see hi I
noticed right now they're doing the live
AGG auditions from you now I thought
it'd be funny to pull you up on FaceTime
if you're free can you think that you
can see I want I want to like hop under
there you go see he's watching America
judges right now come on up go okay well
hop up hop up
hey blaming you mean auditions of
America's Got Talent taking place right
now YouTube channels help you I just
hung up on my dad you know I don't talk
about my dick among everyone else what
you bundling like I did I did I did
oh yeah thank you buddy what's your name
Morgan it's very nice to meet you what
are you play freaking out just hanging
out here it's me I'm trying to find the
file
now apparently isn't here robots on here
with his stories at Buell Avis
ah here's the smile boys oh cool Roman
when I got there they said that Roman
had Brittany said that if I walked up to
the booth that I could get anything I
want from the booth and I'm like they
have sent me everything I literally wear
slobber all the time but the one thing I
didn't have was their pop sockets so I
was like I want this they gave me a
black one and a white one super cool I
probably give the white ones Andrea
because everything is black for me but
so I told them I'll be back over there I
wish they were here but obviously you
know Britney's very pregnant he's got to
stay home take care of the family so
maybe next year Alex I just know if
that's what spring my beer chug it going
to have going to cut some kids out there
when you drop it
Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Whelan okay good
all round this was so funny we were just
talking here look at the pool and
there's so this time running she was
crying
we'll see just wait Alexandria perfectly
high and actually that's well they did
not fight its run oh but but Canadian
love to them this is really cool but hey
look watch all the time hand are you
know what she wants every day this is
really cool that's why I love it here
again to be people that that do supports
the stuff that we do and love to be do
so it's always really cool
look at this
it's like why it is like Hawaiian they
actually have back there you can kind of
see if that's a water slide that just
like drops out we got to the water sighs
how much do a Caleb and I go running I
feel like some other little like I think
I'm so not too keen yeah yeah but I
think you up there yeah yeah I know so
do people wait more Oh what happen your
phone well we just we drink I'll put
that down in there yeah
albums bill with you not anyone like for
a little yeah we're doing to drop up and
stuff that we got this is cool check out
this hat smiling because the Romans at
which is really cold Karl if you guys
watch Romans blog which I'm sure you do
Carl's dealer who just gave his toy
magic because everything course he has a
room here oh I'm sorry where'd you guys
I know the drinking and I want a lot at
last why I'm trying to I'm trying to
find the karne status Cinco two miles or
did you know Cory I thought I think
you're doing wine I think of my I know
our chives cute it needs to be kept us
are you heavy slurring her words okay
Rogers elevator
all right
right Happy Hanukkah tired
peer pressuring the guys now goes a lot
away like a buffalo chicken sandwich
yeah I am pretty much already white just
from drinking throughout the day and
stuff like that we had a lot of fun we
have more to do if we have a party still
to go to tonight so her and I are living
off coffees at the moment the Starbucks
line here is like insanely long of
people trying to get it so we just go to
give shopping it can stuff but we have
to go party still party it's like our IV
is going to be in the form of vodka
right yeah
okay let's time you're a lemur have a
good time yeah all of our friends are
here
all our friends take you the Gulf Coast
to the party how are you that we're
getting yeah I think we get it yeah no
no no it's kind of our rough
yeah oh yeah hold on I you could know if
it really got to you happy
yes as you know you that wasn't my legs
with my arms let me get that
no thank you this is awesome can you not
open it push the thing you can push the
freaked out you're not used to opening
doors to people are you
you used to having it open hello that's
right okay
and that here just one does have a
button so I am putting that indefinitely
yeah what I think we're going to right
way
and now it's morning allows the end of
the first day playlists get what and
your first day it was that good about
drinking we only got today and tomorrow
left so we'll just have to get to it get
ready get up start new day I have
another good good time or drinks Izu but
keep the chain rule I'm good
she sounds like a champ keep the train
rolling okay guys well that is all we
got for you so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and we will see you guys again
soon goodbye
just don't let this explode it is like
break away are you plugging you here no
whoa hey hey hey we're trying to be glad
to hear there go out here than an
overflowing champagne glass I know right
that's how you celebrate a party Oh
rappers do it
