hey guys i'm at hollywood highland
center gonna go to the last taping day
of america's got talent in the dolby
theatre hi mom hi Riley hello Jim yes
now you're on the video here on the blog
mom yes and you to both of you yes get
that behaving out I'm not having a baby
right now your niche Oh for you yes yes
yeah cuz did you watch your daughter to
have a mustache yes because of you i
want i will i'll get that I'll get that
for why your daughter than Matt yeah
I'll match your daughter yeah look I
found it I found a sweater that's
perfect for my mom
mom mom are you said leave her love
hauling your mom something here hold
this up look it fits right it's very
fitting my mom is such a bitch I'm 3 1
i'm gonna get so much hate for that you
took it whoa okay that's the end of this
clip Brandon came here to meet me was
that look what I said you can
yeah he's disappointed cuz both of us
for some reason I always wear black but
I decided to wear plaid today and so did
he so we just happen to both be twins
today and he's not happy about that but
they seem twinsies apt one ever sees me
hate germs it's are we
wait what does it say oh I didn't even
get that I didn't know it said oh that
makes sense that's good which and that's
the end of agt Hollywood that's right
love it at the end the end yeah it go go
go you to this all made out of six yeah
yeah and now we have to find that
commerce where's the car
and you're not going where I'm going
well I thought this is validation buddy
how much is it 13 mine for like three if
yours is three your money right it's um
gone Oh Charlie I'm sure it's right rye
whiskey Jake is good dibden Cheers okay
I don't remember the last time I drink
on my blog I haven't drinking a lot at
all that's very true yeah I don't I
don't hold Saturday night so ya feel
like it's so good last night I went to
bed early I was I told you guys I was
gonna go over to jake's I literally said
I was like I was supposed to go to
jake's but i'm just going to sleep I
went to sleep I didn't even edit I ended
this morning we didn't do much anyway oh
good i go to write you got a little too
rowdy yeah a little bit turn up hello I
got I got my bra bloody I got bloody
knuckles NASA mom's got bloody left well
I'm not even asking how that happened
I'm gonna let you guys assume he need
such an anti-climactic it was like they
found high shoes and they want candy
more than camera well okay then
everyone's gay anymore on camera I want
camera more than candy
goodbye tomorrow elevators not closing
you should push close ok now you going
goodbye that's that ok well it's been
fun we had a few drinks play a little
bit of mario kart nothing to vlog were
these so kept this in my pocket but um
yeah I had a fun day went to america's
got talent came back on with the friends
and drank some more not some more just
drank period I didn't drink earlier and
now I'm I feel like I've had a complete
Saturday I'm ready to go to bed I'm
ready so as always I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye she's gonna give
me show head while watching
it is better than popcorn
