hey guys it's me it's always me when
you're watching my vlogs but anyway hi
I'm gonna go to America's Got Talent
again except I'm not going with Brandon
today I'm going with and a lot of you
remember her Chelsea
so the vlog that you would know her from
I believe is called closed off guns out
I think I'm pretty sure so yeah if you
don't go check that out you'll see me
and her I'm don't have a shirt and
holding a shotgun she's holding my
handgun so yeah I'm gonna go pick her up
and then we're gonna go head over to
America's Got Talent
again today cuz it's actually a lot of
fun to go to the taping it is look guys
aren't you proud of me that I'm filling
up gas before I run out up before it run
out this is this is the new responsible
Alex get gas when you're only at a
quarter tank rather than trying to beat
out with ten miles to go oh that's the
dhobi meter again - uh
and this is really weird
anyway we're about to go into Marik's
guts out and now I'm bringing Chelsea
and she's gonna give me show head while
watching
it is better than popular
what do you want to do now I don't know
are you trying to hold it what it's not
oh it's not the next day it's like oh
that's the next day she's on crack or
something no parent would go anywhere
come down through the Remini to te I'm
like on one of my shortcut
she's a psycho bitch you also what also
apparently a slut yeah
a slut I'm gonna get so much hate from
you Pete's a hammer disrespectful this
is how we bond yes how we bond so
everybody has to get over it it's what
we do
there you go I'm not being disrespectful
if I was a completely normal she said
I'd be boring and she wouldn't hang out
so we have a good time that's the end of
today
dad tell them what tell them I'm gonna
tell him now here you go ready to be
told
tell them yes all right my son Alex
Mandel wants me to tell you I got not
right now I'm telling them I don't know
you know they do know my sister wants to
tell you as well smell like chicken
liver yeah they do well we're heading
over you turn down my music right now
just a little bit Jesse wait a friend a
we did
we're back at a place now cuz I'm gonna
go inside and I'm just kidding all I'm
doing is taking her I'm dropping her off
at York I said I play I'm gonna go play
listen to a sob story from a girlfriend
that just got dumped well if you don't
want to do that and you change your mind
later you can come over and don't wear
clothes yeah
yeah with no clothes on yeah it's good
idea she bargains I am drinking
marshmallow guns drinking and no clothes
deal
boom let's do this she's actually just
gonna go but you if you if you feel like
coming by later let me know okay okay Oh
punched me I'll try going on this sites
like it's there oh okay so I'm back at
home now and I am actually very tired
Jake called me and he is having a couple
people over chat grab drinks and
everything that I don't think I'm gonna
do that I'm just I really just want to
go to sleep I am so tired guys I could
go there and vlog some more and I hope
you understand why I'm not going to I
feel like the vlogs will just be better
if I have more sleep so I'm probably
just gonna end it here and go to bed I'm
not gonna edit it or anything I'm just
tomorrow Saturday for me while you're
watching this tomorrow Sunday but for me
tomorrow Saturday so it's my day to
sleep in a little bit get some sleep
catch up and be able to refresh myself
for vlogging so for now that's that's
what I have to give you so I hope you
guys enjoy today's and as always I will
see you guys again tomorrow
good bye
18:18 watching the block
