hey guys yeah hi I didn't vlog too early
what what's I don't know sometimes I
sometimes I just feel like doing that
it's my vlog Tourette's um I already
went to work today I didn't go in for
too long and then now Brandon's here do
that yeah pull that vlog Tourette's
today and we're gonna head down I'm
taking him he's never been to the taping
of America's Got Talent he really must
go so we're gonna go head down there and
hang out mean like anyway that's when
we're going let's do this
it's a today's the Armenian Genocide and
there's protests everywhere and
everything and I can't and I can't
today's not the Armenian Genocide it's
remembering their blessing today is
everything genocide totally didn't mean
that I mean it they're remembering the
Armenian Genocide and every car has like
I don't know if you guys can see flags
but here let me see if I can see but so
many cars and all everyone yeah I can
see the protest up in front I'll try to
get a shot so you guys can see but
they're everywhere and we have moved a
mile in about 25 minutes so I understand
it was it's you know a big thing but I
just want to get somewhere please let me
go
it ended up taking us two hours to get
here and it should take about 20 minutes
so yeah after a two-hour drive Brenda
and I are here Brandon's making a little
peepee in the bathroom in the little
girl's room so we're just waiting on our
passes we're going to come out and give
us our passes and then we're going to
head on in we're just a little bit late
18:18 watch the blocks are you enjoying
this Brandon yeah the first time you
need you Tia love it
this one's gonna fun when we start about
an hour to go we're just setting up the
next act
after the show it just ended and that
was you enjoyed it right he did he said
God will see again intervention blog my
performance he has to be able to see it
may 27 you didn't cryptography didn't
reform at all and if he did
it would have been a feeling I wish I
wish I did is the judge's table
let's go guys right
I know
pretty cool for those either don't get
to see up close
well you're still watching through a
screen but it's still cool because it's
not a produced version right now you
guys get this is behind the scenes
pretty much in front of the stage behind
the scenes in front of the stage even
I'm confused we're at the Hollywood
Highland Center which is connected to
the Dolby Theatre which is where they do
America's Got Talent
here's the pilot Highland oh that's
right apart it's got shot
it's a long way down during the day if
you turn this way you can see the
Hollywood side but it's up on that hill
you just can't see it because it doesn't
light up be cool if it did
yeah being a whole live here you guys
can't even see how big this elevators
ready we could run around circles to
begin your idiot a broom free trip oh
good okay let's go oh they probably
think we're idiots it's a game most of
the world does duh oh my god man what is
the e no okay what a back at home now we
are back at my place and I'm ready to
call it a night and Brandon's gonna hit
Austin so mu go get out tonight get out
all right go all right go go go yeah I
will be gal get to be me I won't forget
it
I won't I won't and well what was I
supposed to do okay guys let's all have
for you today let's hang out again
tomorrow sound good cool I'll give you
guys a call you give me eyes meet me
guys meet me isn't just me and we'll
meet up okay let's do it
I'll see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Jimmy Kimmel came to hang out so I'm
going to show you Jimmy Kim I'm going to
try to zoom in on him let's see how well
I can see
try and try
