hey guys i got my fresh new wax from
yesterday Thank You clubman again and
check it out that's what you did right
there you put my mustache back on my
face you put the mustache back on my
face rocking a team today gonna head to
work and then I'm going to try to dip
out of work a little early and head back
to America's Got Talent because I enjoy
it and this is the one week it's in LA
before it goes back to New York and then
my dad goes and does it there so this is
where I get to still hang out with dad
while he's at work mm-hmm because I
enjoy that I just left brake and left my
office there and i'm gonna i'm heading
over to the dolby theatre to go to
America's Got Talent again today and
today I have a lot more gas so I'm not
gonna run out of gas on the way there
which would be a big which would be a
good change from yesterday I didn't know
any words to say anyway it'll be better
than running out of gas yesterday
clearly damn it there I don't know why
I'm running out of words anyway I'm
gonna do that you guys are coming with
me whether you like it or not because
I'm the one filming this vlog so let's
go do it ok ok I'm gonna grab something
to eat before we go in to watch the show
with Alec crew Jackie hello
and my mom and friends yeah we're gonna
grab some eat at hard rock cafe and then
we're going to go in what do you want I
want a selfie but you can hold this and
take it to yourself it's recording but
you just just make faces she ended it
but she thought she was actually gonna
try to take a selfie
we're getting we're getting ready for
the next act I don't know you didn't
actually take a picture all you did was
ended her ass she is alive
my dad's coming because he's really
excited to see us we didn't come for him
he came for us Simon Cowell decided to
visit the set today he's here look I'll
show you the back of him let me see if I
can get it
I figured you guys like to see everyone
that shows up at these things to come
watch as guests so you guys know because
he's a big youtuber Jimmy Kimmel came to
hang out so i'm going to show you jimmy
kim i'm going to try to zoom in on him
let's see how well I can see
try and try
No
and I can
okay yeah that was him in the hat in
case you guys didn't recognize him but
yeah thought you guys thought that we
think that's pretty cool I did hey guys
well that's all i have for you today i
am actually exhausted right now I just
need to get to bed I'm not even gonna
edit this right now and in the morning
not that you care because it's already
up right now so I would have already
edited this by the time you see it would
have already have I'm tired just leave
me alone I'll see you guys again
tomorrow one hundred percent for sure I
need to get to bed I am a tired monkey
man with a mustache yeah goodbye on the
stage nice gonna say yeah for the vlog
yeah of course of course
