hey guys how's it going I'm gonna go
grab sign to eat because after I grab
honey I'm gonna head out and go meet up
with my dad but my dad is working today
a GT America's Got Talent
is shooting in LA today so I'm going to
go visit this set and hang out visit the
show and that's what I have planned for
today so let's go do it now I'm over
here
Dennis was down the street he came by
I'm having my lunch shit
barbeque chicken salad he's been losing
so much oh yeah I thought I was fat no
oh how come mustache but it's lazy
I need wax it's lazy what's today lazy
Tuesday
lazy Tuesday yep I can make you some
homemade wax
oh that would be disgusting but I also I
still as I just used the butter from
underneath my balls oh I call that duck
butter are you getting anything to eat
yeah but what do you suggest the pizzas
are good
but there's a menu up there deniz forgot
he parked in a 30 minute only spot and
no ticket I should say and then look at
where parking enforcement is that their
little buggy thing yeah
this is yeah it's done he got lucky
I got 29 miles till empty tank I have 29
miles till I run out of gas apparently
but last time if you guys watching a
pass blog I was driving with Roman and
we got it went down to set 23 left and
then we ran out of gas on the side of
the road normally I'd be like I'm gonna
get gas right now but I am late to
America's Got Talent not that I'm going
on or anything but I am supposed to be
there a certain time and I'm not gonna
be there at that time so I'm gonna risk
not getting gas because I'm not too far
I'm only like three miles but there's a
lot of traffic this is typical LA
traffic for you guys so you guys can see
this is like it's not going to move it
goes all the way down and I'm getting
stopped at a at a green light so that's
typical LA but we'll see what happens I
am completely stopped right now at a
green light and that's normal so I hope
I make it there soon and I hope I don't
run out of gas
cuz that would suck oh my god guys I'm
freaking ran out of gas I'm in front of
the Chinese Theatre in the middle of
nothing the cops are like we got a call
we can't help I'm sorry and so what am I
supposed to do
I like push my car or something I'm in
the middle of nothing I'm in the middle
of the road sorry sorry those people try
to get around me
damn it on the busiest part deal no and
but hey thank you guys for help me push
it over here thank you we had to push it
out I had a bunch of people help
um I just need to go get gas I don't
know where the closest gas station is
right you send the brand and I just walk
there it's closed is closed you can walk
here okay that's what I need to do I'll
go do that I'm in the red though so
hopefully I won't get towed yeah yeah
yeah I'll rush okay well thank you so
much thank you
where are you from I'm from Santa Monica
it's not too far okay if the Gaffney's
you knew yes it's my only your cat scan
yeah I'll take one of these cats
probably and go grab some thank you
though
thank you you too I'm in the red my
car's crooked but the thing is I ran out
of gas and everyone decided to help what
now you see you in the ring you've gotta
hurry yeah yeah I know I'm going to
right now I just gotta shut everything
off let me close up these windows yeah
yeah I will yeah you won't owe kids okay
I will
yeah go won't get scared I'm gonna
probably walk
I'll get stuck at traffic yeah yeah I'm
just gonna close this up and turn
everything off what
it's Alex and Queen on
nice to meet you Quinn thanks so much
for helping nice guy a lot of people
jumped in to help and I'm stuck in the
middle the cops actually pulled up and
the cops were like what's wrong you had
a gas said yeah can you help they go no
we got a call and they left they said
find people to push it luckily everyone
came from the sidewalk and helped me
push this beast so thank you to all of
you guys who helped push if you've
watched these which I know you do but
I'm stuck guys this sucks
he brought me some gas so thank you to
him
ah finally at a gas station and I only
have to go right there so I'm good see
what happens in life when you try to
take shortcuts and avoid things that you
should probably should do things don't
go over very well
so I could have easily stopped at any
gas station along the way and then not
even worried and instead I was like I
want to try to be there on time and even
though I probably wasn't going to be and
now I am 45 minutes late
so guys take my mistakes is a lesson to
you don't be responsible don't be an
idiot and sometimes all the time you
don't have to try to take shortcuts in
life
do what you need to do they're filming
in the Dolby Theatre which is where they
have the Oscars and study that's if you
watch the Oscars that's where they're
filming this so now I got a head back
there
Oh Oh
I guess yeah hey hey I love it oh yeah
so they don't you're absolutely rolling
right now yeah you get thrown out
everywhere I do I didn't get thrown out
of there I just knew that they don't
want me filming you did a pre-emptive
throw out you threw yourself out I threw
myself out yeah it's smart yeah that's
good you know basically about you know
where the food is yeah I do actually
can you show me right here oh good shot
of the food yeah that's two bananas
macaroni and cheese and and everything
else I could grab on the fly oh yeah
here it's back here love it
got a right and Eagan Evo guys I am you
guys don't get to normally see behind
the students behind the stage they build
all the accident this is behind the
scenes of break calm bits that Alex oh
yeah it is a wall opera what's up buddy
look at all these people Alex ox
anything I can get you just food there's
that's the stage to the curtain so you
guys if you want to go on the show
you'll walk through that curtain on the
stage on the stage for the vlog yeah of
course of course always belonging baby
and I already got kicked off it isn't
really
hey Alex you know you are on tomorrow
right yes I'm on well for you guys
watching now I'm I'm dealing with it
tonight if you guys watching this during
the day so watch tonight deal with it 9
10 9:30
no 10:30 no is 8 it's 10:00 10:30 9:30
10:30 9:30 sense I was gonna say with
Arsenio Hall with her City Hall and me
most importantly how did you see what
they send you where she got you yeah I
saw yeah look at this guy's all the
other mustache strap from the company
yet on the company no I'm definitely
going to I'm gonna go do my mustache and
everything I have so much to see I
always tell you guys I'm out of wax so
that she sent my vlog of me making my
mustache to to Clubman to the people who
make this and they sent me a whole bag
of mustache wax so thank you flub men
Wow don't make me a clog because if that
you said you were out of my stature
action club and sent you mustache wax
I'm out of Ferraris see let's see how
strong this vlog is I'm gonna send my
money I'm on the a-team and I'm out of
Ahri's okay okay let's see take it and
we're going to need to I left AGG
America's Got Talent now I'm fretted
hello now I'm gonna eat a little bit
something gonna have myself a Dindin
dinner get in get in there dinner dinner
and then probably nothing I'm ready to
go home I'm tired I'm just hungry yeah
okay guys well that's all I have for you
today I hope that you guys enjoyed it
my day was off and great getting stuck
in the middle of the worst place you
could possibly get stuck if someone
asked me if you could run out of gas
anywhere in LA what would be that where
would be the worst spot and I would say
the middle of Hollywood Boulevard and I
couldn't have been closer to the middle
I was in the middle in the middle lane
stuck and I tried to vlog the people
helping push my car and as soon as I
tried to position my camera they were
like dude get in your car and turn the
wheel we're helping you I was okay I
just put the camera down like I'm not
gonna have him set up and say wait guys
wait to push my car so that was whatever
I got it I hope you guys enjoyed seeing
behind the scenes kind of what America's
Got Talent is I'm gonna try to go there
tomorrow and stuff and then I guy I had
a great idea well I think it's a great
idea and I was hoping that it'd be
something cool for you guys as well when
you go there they give you a necklace
that you wear and it's this it's the VIP
America's Got Talent necklace which gets
you anywhere backstage this is just for
today
it's the VIP one but I have a lot of
these I'm going to try to go every day
today every day every day today every
day this week while they while they're
shooting that and I'm going to try to
get a new one of these every day and I'm
going to do if you guys are interested
let me know in the comments if you're
interested I'm going to do giveaways
with the VIP America's Got Talent thing
because you can't mind as you can't get
these anywhere and if you want my dad
and I will sign each one so I figured
it'd be cool to do
do you know potentially four or five
giveaways at that so maybe I'll grab
some of those and every day I go I'll do
another giveaway so if you guys want
that let me know in the comments below
and also let me know if you do want my
dad and I to sign them because we will
and then it'll make more fun but anyway
I'm on ranch right now I'm talking so
I'm going to edit this and get to bed
because I got work in the morning so I
will see you guys again tomorrow
good bye this is David say hi hello
everybody he he just moved to Santa
Monica so we decided we're going to
break Santa Monica
