hey guys i am back at work today back at
break last week I had the the week off
and I went to Toronto and I did all that
but this week i'm back and signed a new
contract with them yeah so it's exciting
and I gotta get to work i gotta go up I
gotta go do my thing doing a business
not not do my business do the business
yeah back in my place now actually went
to just grab dinner with Jake and Angela
at this brand new place it was really
good is this brand new place called sebo
TECA it's at like sixth and broadway and
it's a brand new italian panini place
and I had like this pork one with hello
really good onions and all it's just
they have a bunch of stuff it's really
good okay just eat there fuck that's
what I'm trying to say anyway right now
we're just playing a little bit of mario
kart or jake is because he started it
without me because he's not a nice
friend no Angela needed to scan
something so I was helping her scan
something for work but I'm gonna play
this and then as you guys know it's
Monday which means we're gonna watch the
following so as soon as it gets closer
to nine we'll watch the following
another great episode l is the following
yeah I'm following that's good next week
is this season
fitna lai lai finn'll a wise next yeah
next week is a seasoned fish fillet ah
are you guys heading out yeah yeah fine
well I gotta get to I gotta take care of
I'm gonna hang out here I decided to go
to a bar and you guys have never met my
friend David but if you have if you have
heard of the movie I did the horror
films I'll killer holiday he was one of
the co-stars in it this is david say hi
hello everybody he he just moved to
Santa Monica so we decided we're going
to break Santa Monica but right now
we're just having beers because
this is the first time I think it out
since he moved into Santa Monica so
cheers that I guess to working tomorrow
we both have work tomorrow okay hang all
my hair before your what cutting all my
hair off tomorrow why I'm gonna be a
soldier in a new Bradley Cooper movie
really yeah that's the first I've heard
yeh just told me what are these rumors I
heard but you having sex with Bradley
Cooper twice ok you have foot fetish me
a little bit and as the funny thing is
you guys I know you're gonna comment and
totally believe that cuz it's true don't
worry it's true so don't believe it well
you want to stay mysterious no that was
real believe the hair anyway I always
wanted to heat this was the first time
we hung guy just told you guys since he
moved in so now we'll hang out more you
know yeah hang out next memo next month
maybe thank you that's enough that's
enough it's I've had enough ok cool well
he's had enough so I I'll go this way
you go that way sound good okay okay
well okay okay hi when I'm shooting for
break or pretty much for any hidden
camera thing that I do on TV or even
with stuff I've done on YouTube which
you guys haven't seen much of but anyway
all this stuff I do pretty nowadays
incorporates GoPros gopros are very
important just because they're so easy
to hide and just let it roll you let it
roll for hours and you can get these
shots that other cameras just couldn't
get the thing is is I have so the normal
housing for my GoPro looks like this see
you guys know so the GoPro sits inside
of here and it's kind of it's it's
bulkier and it's these screws on the
front are shiny you don't when you're
hiding a camera like
this is meant for an action sports
camera so they're shiny and it looks you
know how it looks and the camera goes
inside of this is just the house is the
case but it's cool it's just harder for
a hidden camera but now that the
applications are becoming so useful for
production and they don't want something
as light colored and and with anything
that's reflective on it because thing is
like when I shoot for break we have to
make these hides these boxes that have
like black tinted windows or like
one-way mirror and so or to a mere
whatever and so you put them right there
but you can kind of see through because
those shiny screws or something so we
just hope they don't look but GoPro has
just released their new housing which is
there just called them I think they're
black housing but check this out this is
I'm in love with it if you guys follow
me on instagram which is just at Alex
Mandel not trying to promote that just
letting you know but if you guys follow
me on instagram you would have I already
took a picture of it but I'm so excited
that I have this in now check this out
how sexy is this thing it's on my
suction cup mount so it's actually I'm
putting all my body weight leaving the
suction cup is sucking out of the
counter but this camera is so hidden
it's so it like you could put this it
even comes with it comes with stickers
comes with these black stickers even so
you can hide the little LCD screen not
that that's going to show anything but
that's how hidden there now allowing it
to be so now like you always see those
videos of people in an elevator like
Jack Vale this farting in the elevator
or you know all of them do different
things but usually they'll use a GoPro
up there as soon as people look up
they're like oh it's a GoPro this is
much easier to hide when it's black in
the corner of something or kind of
obscured you wouldn't know because you
recognize this thing this is so much
better maybe not on this mouth
this mount is like we take this out up
counter get up there you go but anyway
by itself it's also look at this just
take it off
sorry it's I'm trying to do this
one-handed anyway yeah for those of you
don't have a GoPro that's that screw is
just comes out so you could change the
mounts I have head mounts I have chest
mounts I have suction cup mount which
you just saw which you could stick any
part of a car like even on the hood
while you're driving it's rated up to
200 miles an hour but you could even see
the size difference of these are
different it's a lot it's smaller this
is just built a lot bigger than that one
so now they made this low-profile one so
cool I'm not trying to don't worry
GoPros not telling me to say this or
sending me any free stuff for it I just
I'll of camera equipment and camera gear
and and new production equipment and
stuff that helps make things better i
love when they advanced equipment into
making things a little easier and so I'm
excited that I got this because GoPro is
now selling this new housing for like 50
bucks on their website and that was like
its new it's awesome it's something
necessary so I was like I'm getting so
I'm excited that I have that I just
realized it's 1am right now and I want
it to have everything done and edited by
before 1am because I actually wanted to
try to get some sleep tonight I'm it may
not look like it right now but I am
exhausted and I just I need to catch up
on sleep and you know I not gonna take a
break from blogging don't worry but I
would love to like you know maybe
tonight I'm just going to I'm not going
to edit this I mean by the time you guys
are watching it obviously it's edited
but i'm not going to edit this tonight
i'm going to edit it in the morning
either before i go to break or even at
break and I'll just edit it there or
something and then throw it up and you
know early afternoon that way I can try
to get some sleep tonight it's still
going to get up and go to work and it's
what I am so yeah but anyway that's all
i have for you today not about to just
sit here and hang out like we're sitting
together and boring you to death
sorry but anyway I i will see you guys
again tomorrow okay I will I will so for
now goodbye here's Brendan sent me a
picture of him rocking a team and I
believe it's with your sister as well
that's really cool Brennan thank you for
sending that and that's awesome you just
you you guys are making my David
