hey guys i am about to go drive out to
where my parents live and grab sign eat
with them so that's what i'm doing right
now and then probably meet up a brandon
after or something i don't know yet
we'll see you guys know right at this
point why we watching this you guys know
as well as I do what I'm going to do
because I have no idea so whatever
happens next I'm doing clearly you're
excited you're excited why we sit down
oh hey hey I'll get to see you a lot I
didn't see you good how are you I'll be
your noises hey okay okay we get so
excited every time I come back look at
who i'm here with the way oh and it's a
woman there's a girl there's a cool yeah
i don't know where she came from but you
shouldn't be
just give me anyway we are meta bar call
is at the rabbit hole rabbit hole the
rabbit hole trying to based off Alice in
Wonderland and everything is kind of
weird like look everything's crooked and
the whole room over there is the
upside-down room everything the TV
yeah so that's the TV's upside down I
don't know why you do that but all those
signs up so don't ring it now because we
don't want to drink we just said no what
is it travel Belgium hail so good lies
triple apparently it's triple the
alcohol content but don't forget us and
I'm not drinking because I have acid
reflux for being fat okay I wasn't
planning on drinking but they just came
around it says happy was it happy easter
happy 420 it's the same thing right
today it is yeah I was gonna say
something else but
but let me realize you forgot well
anyway they gave us free harness not
live there we go and what do you know
guys you guys know I always love to do
this they're layered shots I don't
really know what it is but I guess it's
a pretty happy easter shot oh yeah
that's the blue there's a vodka shot yet
something expect go some flavor with
Blue Curacao and Grandy I don't know the
time yes well you have to because we're
going to take advantage you tonight with
darts yes Oh drop it let's take it we
just cheers go for it wait but we have
to cheers to something like good feeling
yeah we just did to Eastern 420 I happy
easter that's what they're for that's
over today is shot yeah but today is 420
or Easter Show fine go for it tell me
what's good
you took a little sip you gotta take the
whole thing it's a layup shot oh my god
so good tastes like ass blue
like boob juice I'm so good do you can't
taste the vodka at all i bet you there's
no vodka tonight it was learning from
7-eleven these are goofy shots where you
give someone like its juice and then
you'll end up having sex with that i'm
back at home now and i had a chance to
go to my mailbox today the only thing is
is they hold bigger packages until
they're open and they were closed so I
was only able to get what was actually
like the mail inside my mailbox but for
those who that sent something thank you
so much I'm actually going to take a
look through a few of the male action I
went through them already I I literally
read everything you guys send me some of
you one of you even just sent me two
full pages and I read through it all
actually with my parents I read that but
i'm going to show you guys something
this is awesome so check this out here
are the ones i picked up today it's it's
not a lot but you know I I mean there's
a lot from last time I got one so thank
you guys I love getting these letters so
check I'm going to show you some of
these this one is from Nicholas this one
came all the way from I don't want to
show address but it came from Germany
look at look at what Nicholas rope so he
wrote a lot and the funny thing is
Nicholas I'm not going to go over the
whole thing on the blog I did read
everything and my dad and I will
actually laughing not because of the way
it's written or anything that but
because he's like this this guy's
totally like you cuz the way I write you
were just writing your thoughts and it
was like you know I'm doing this and
even when it's like yeah I probably
didn't make sense you wrote that out and
that's the way I love to write too and
it was making me laugh so thank you so
much when you guys are making me happy
with these it's great and he actually
decided he told me that he loves the US
and that he actually stayed in Maryland
for two weeks last year
like a student exchange type of thing
but he sent me his last dollar that he
had saved from the US you didn't have to
do that but thank you so much for
sending me that dollar and he sent me a
coin from Germany which is awesome so
I'm definitely going to keep that I
actually do love coins from all
different places I usually bring it back
whenever I go on vacation so that's
actually really cool I love that thank
you so much and then I have one here
from Brendan Brendan you what you sent
made me laugh too and I also i just love
it i was showing my my parents this
picture look here's Brendan sent me a
picture of him rocking a team and I
believe it's with your sister as well
that's really cool Brennan thank you for
sending that and that's awesome you just
you guys are making my day with this and
I love this you guys gotta check this
out he also sent me this bag this bag
maybe it's for me I don't know it's the
genuine ugly bag heavy duty for extra
ugliness it's actually useful to put on
the ladies if they're not up to par and
you have this face to look at on the
back which is awesome I really wanted to
put it on my dad but he had any chance
do that but um I will so that's really
funny thank you so much for setting that
that is that's great Brennan thank you I
was we were all laughing I was with I
have my parents house we're laughing at
that I got one over here this is from I
believe this is ryan's emphasis on the
city yes Ryan who's in fifth grade sent
me this letter and it has me and has my
dad has the whole a team I read through
this so thank you so much for sending
that that was cool i always love when
you guys get creative with this kind of
stuff it's just it's awesome regardless
of what the letter is or what you send i
don't care you guys don't have to send
me cool things or funny things i just
love to hear from you i read all of
these that's why i'm just looking at
them when i know the names i remember
because i was reading through all them
this one made me laugh i love this and
this is from Australia and this is from
Simon Simon sent me something awesome
check this out guys
this is a mustache kit yes you open up
the mustache and it has my trimming
scissors which I use every day and a
mustache comb which I also use every day
so you get this cool like leather
mustache and that's the kit that is
definitely see I keep a kit here and the
problem is i take a little plastic bag
to bring stuff with me like in my car
now i have science so thank you so much
Simon that's awesome that is great and
then I have this this one right here
from nature Nathan Nate you sent me this
the only question I have Nate and will
you were asking how Kevin is kevin is
totally fine so thank you for asking on
the paper you sent you send me this what
are these stains can you please comment
and tell me what these yellow stains are
cuz I was touching them and then I was
like I don't know what the yellow stain
is like I hope you didn't pee on it or
something just saying but he'd also sent
me saying cool he sent me a pokemon card
awesome yes it's an it'll king so thank
you for that I'm gonna keep that and
cherish that I have one here from I
think this is Nick let me let me check
when we open it I believe it's from Nick
Nick I was correct he actually has a he
was saying the number one rated high
school radio station in the US and you
could actually I'm going to tell you
guys right now you can go to it says W
ltl dotnet and you can look up 88.1 and
I think it says Lagrange's what it is I
or do you pronounce it Legrand from the
garage whatever you want so he sent me
the stickers from the radio stations
88.1 so you guys could check that out
too that's him so Nick thank you so much
i'll check it out and maybe I'll even
call in and that'll be fun so expect
that that'll be cool
then I got this one here from let me see
I looks i love getting these letters
from other countries this is uh i think
you pronounce it Florian Florian Florian
I think I don't hate saying your names
wrong but I think it's Florian and it's
from Munich and I don't want to show it
let me see cuz I'll just cut off the top
or something because it has a number on
it I don't want to show that but he
typed up one for me and you had best
wishes from Munich which is also and
which is awesome and you said you should
kind of oktoberfest which i really want
to do and you asked if i'm in two beers
as well i am and i do agree with you
that German Germany has better beers and
we do so you're right about that I just
I like cocktails here because I like
mixing all them and all that stuff and
then I got one more here from unknown no
name you didn't even put a return I mean
return name and you claim that you are
from the hacking group Anonymous which I
don't know if I believe and the the
letter was great i love it still gave me
yeah i was smiling while i was reading
it and then i'll just read you guys that
the PS part this is PS next time you
walk down my streets do not bring idiots
with you this attracts low lives that
would have robbed you the night i tried
to approach you i ended up stopping the
idiots who are getting ready to mug you
and Brandon well I believe this letter
came from Illinois if i'm not mistaken
will check it did yes came from Illinois
so I don't know when we were ever
walking down the streets in Illinois
maybe we were I don't but if we were and
you stop them thank you thank you for
doing that but you guys thank you so
much for setting this I love all of this
stuff I keep everything you guys send me
I really do and so and don't worry it's
not going into some bin or anything that
I actually like to file these like you
then go right in my desk and I keep
reading them and I love when people come
over
to show them so if you guys if any of
you want to send something just a letter
of postcard or anything I love receiving
them and I will try to show as much as I
can on the vlog but if you guys want to
send them you could check the
description below and I do have my
mailing address in there which these
people have found so thank you guys so
much for sending that means a lot and I
love reading all this and receiving your
amazing gifts and and everything it's
just this blows my mind every day so
thank you so much guys go 80 okay guys
well that's all i have for you today i
hope that you guys enjoyed it it is just
a you know a Sunday Easter Sunday for 20
whatever you want to call it kind of
just a laid back day I hope you guys
enjoyed that I always love reading your
fan mail like I had just said in the
last clip but so I want to dedicate this
vlog to you by doing that and giving you
guys the proper shout out that you
deserve for from taking your time and
effort to send me these things and to
show your support so thank you guys i
always appreciate appreciate your
support i love you guys for that and
that's that's all i got for you today so
i will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
I
I tell you the selfie right now let's
fucking revolution
