hello everybody here well today is a new
day and someone's going over right now I
think they're gonna be a beer in a
second are they here oh look who it is
oh oh a team I still look look into the
ring rusev what areas are you gonna
shave here no I'm gonna charge it here
because I lost my charger okay he's good
I have the same razors him so he comes
over here to charge it so he could shave
we shaved together Brandon and I are
need a place called eat shabu eat shop
yeah girl as you don't know what is this
water boils and you put like garlic and
onions and green onions whatever you
want chili oil chili powder and then
they give you this
you take the raw meat
that cooks it in like 30 seconds or
something okay super very good thank you
see ya so then look at this
and it's already done then you just dip
it
that's really good
I love this place this is the best thing
about having glass windows you get to
see this let's do it Oh No so here you
go yellows really up in the winning hey
that's my car hey did she drive on she
give me more people to use that's my car
does she see you Oh is she gonna take it
off I'm smelling that would be awesome
let's see josh has my car yeah let's see
what I want to see if she's gonna be no
we trade your blue laser I do him with
Louise I'm not going to shine my blue
laser the traffic cop mitchelton chases
down in her little parking enforcement
trike oh no are they getting a ticket
it's a girl sure yeah
boom boom boom
Oh slip it in I guys just watering the
plants my people oh really is he
freaking parking enforcement you got
this first trap monkey ball bitches yeah
buddy oh you're gonna eat shit really
really you're actually doing okay go go
go go go go no you sucked out he's
nostrils your first try on camera guys
monkey ball 2 is what we're playing
taking it back old school and I got my
clothes on so don't worry I didn't say
I'm taking it in the back taking it in
the back halter you you died again no
it's still from the last note is it may
be still for the last time retrying okay
we try it but you're still gonna suck
ass Kimmy just joined us i don't know if
you guys have ever met Kimmy Kimmy say
hi ru system dim no it's not Oh Brendan
you got a menu you get a menu I'm not
allowed to be here right now why cuz cuz
what you guys to try to make sure pot no
it's mine you can be here like a beer
brendan is a Jew
sitting how much you too I'm so skinny
virgin yeah I felt this place is good so
we're gonna eat here we're on a date
radio free don't miss gonna have you sit
back schoolers oh there's another chat
with you what you don't want to sit next
to me I mean I kind of like Kimmy see oh
and then yours to be all alone it's
because Kimmy smells bad if we have a
fellow a teammate just walk up hun fit
man here big bad yeah well you're going
to be on tomorrow's 16 India is that go
he just bumped it we walked in and he
was like oh hey yeah well it's going to
have you on the pocket ago so thanks for
supporting what's your name Brendan
Brendan Rowe Brandon Brendan Brendan
yeah it's brendan for you guys so you
guys can say hi to in the comments you
don't be so mean how's it going see it
nice to meet you
that's always cool i always love that
always fun to meet people who support
the blog you guys if you ever see me out
public please come up and say hello
because i love to meet all of you yes
vas / house / guys oh yeah you found it
you found out together
watch this I'm going to turn off all the
lights goodbye all lights here I can
light the room with this blue laser now
with this blue laser that I'm holding in
my hand ready on the on her shimmery bag
yeah it's so awesome but this light can
seriously light like the whole place
Oh what is it I can I don't want to let
aiming at it too much there we go that
is an awesome laser I love it we're
gonna head out Hey oh yeah I'm scared
that you're gonna break my camera please
up like you know you know you don't have
over 1200 see I'm keep my handy nobody
say mommy do you like really Roman
you're just going to bed right I love
when you mix that you're just going to
bed last night after what I even looks
nice hey hey I know I'm gonna say bye to
Rome and I'll open my wake up everybody
just wants to hurt me come on oh I gotta
give early man fly home barley you go
see your kids I keep seeing shadows the
city bro I love this city we're going to
have a full hour to finish
now we can finish champagne it's this
hot we're going to break we're gonna
have a party oh you just got a table at
bungalow it we only have an hour left we
have to catch up with two bottles it'll
happen not our 53 minutes 53 minutes
this is so dark to blog but I'm excited
so refreshing taking the selfie right
now looks fucking resolution you save
yourself I pretty much feel like I'm
taking a selfie honestly shut up
everybody drink and enjoy drink and
enjoy yourself of my band my drinking
any white rum Batali is the first time
this is the first time I'm Alex's House
actually know what I'm doing I'm doing
I'm vibing a table because I was bobbing
my table he's just having a good time
drunk I'm like honestly bro like like
she wants to take a selfie all that
yourself take a selfie take your scope
I was coming so ok later bloggers coming
to self you too ok the desserts are in
the selfie wait
you guys were now in the selfie they're
not yet they're not yet goodnight okay
she honestly face for all her super far
why are you doing it not ready if you
gotta use me to clean up shop what are
we shutting input
oh wait what are you doing where you're
bad that's how you take a selfie okay
guys well that's all i have for you
today that's it that's the vlog
everyone's sleeping yeah so I guess I'll
just see you again tomorrow mmm goodbye
