hey guys how's it going look who it is
it's me Alex I'm here i am about to head
over to the post office because i got to
take the shirts that you guys have
purchased for me and let me just tell
you guys you are amazing because i
remember when i started selling shirts
at around ten thousand subscribers and i
was so excited to go to the post office
with about six shirts and be like yeah
six more people six people are going to
be wearing a team shirts and i was so
excited I don't care about the money
coming in from shirts rented that I just
love that you guys work that's what I
care and that you guys I just love
seeing you in them and supporting and
it's amazing and then now a couple
months later I went from taking shirts
to the post office to be like I can't do
these orders at the post office I have
to do them here so with only a couple
months and now up to over 40,000
subscribers those six orders have turned
to a lot more i'm going to show you this
ready let me just set you right here and
I'm gonna dump what orders I have to
take now to the post office
there's more falling they're falling all
over the floor look at this this is uh
what I take now back to the post office
when I go so thank you guys so much this
is crazy you guys are amazing
okay so I didn't really have much to do
today or much to give you guys so I
figured I can make you guys a drink
because that's usually what I do what I
can't think of something to do because
there's nothing like wait wait wait wait
Alex okay I know exactly what we can do
I have a little better idea and I've
been going to be a little bit more
interesting than making some tricks
because personally that's just not what
I feel like doing right now boom I I
think that wat Sal it a little bit more
a little bit different ok and we're
going to give it to them so guys here's
what I'm really wanted and now
what
okay guys well that's all i have for you
today so i hope you guys enjoyed it and
it really do much today so hopefully i
do a little bit more tomorrow and then
i'll see you guys then so yeah it's how
it works yeah so i will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye come try to get
out
Wow we're taking off
