hello everybody that was a change from
guys I don't know why I happened because
I had no time to think anyway where it's
pretty early here it's like 6am for me
but we're gonna head back to LA now I'm
back home and would a surprise has been
totally you know dry here and it's not
raining I'm ready and I know you people
on the East Coast or like I don't care
but for me the west coast from LA this
is amazing it's series it's snowing I
don't know if you could actually see it
falling it's all falling right now but
it it's all falling the roofs in the
trees look at the trees those trees it's
it's currently snowing right now I don't
know if you were able to see it all
falling but everything's covered the
benches and everything we can see look
at the bit to 'the
oh oh no this is so cool to me yeah at
least I got to snow at least once walls
here it's a wonder what time to keep
your eyes off it it's all going in your
face I know
you just left me in the back seat i
would say guys please there's no way to
get out okay my family always forgets me
is it regarding yes we're going okay
look we put out
come try to get out
Wow we're taking off now
ok I'll sit down mom
we good we're going through some
turbulence to go back into Empire my mom
my mom and sister a terrifying to play
waiting for
but now
a little bit
went from snow to like 85 degrees and
sunny it's so crazy to have that change
had breakfast in the snow and I'm going
to go up lunch in the Sun
when birds whistle what was way I can't
even see it won't focus focus cuz it's
it's it's focusing don't you give me
your camera at me show them the duck
dance ducted ok I'll do it so then you
can think to him ok ok Freddy before no
no dealing I gotta feed every day 805
give me a go
cat what are
kileos do we are how stupidly awesome we
are chanel is bathroom you're now
blogging fun I'm modifying your vlog
ified forever because that's going on my
channel yeah I'm back at my place now
and i would love to edit this although
one thing I haven't told you yet is last
night I was trying to plug in my laptop
when my charger fried they literally it
even melted part of the outside of the
wire off of oh my god I can't believe I
just did this don't even worry about
these hand motions but it fried the wire
off the charger and then my laptop died
which wouldn't be an issue because i use
my big compute my big desktop to edit
these vlogs except i edit with avid
media composer which you can have on
multiple computers you can have as many
computers you want but if i want to use
it on my laptop i deactivate the one on
my desktop and then activate it on my
laptop it can only be active on one
thing at a time because it's actually
activated through the internet so i
can't even fake it my laptop is dead and
that's what i used in toronto so i can't
deactivate that in order to edit it on
my desktop which is why you guys are
still seeing this it just went up a
little bit later today because by the
time you're seeing this it means i
already went to the apple store tomorrow
for me picked up a new charger apple
stores only down the street i could just
walk there but picked up a new charger
and access my laptop to do that so if
you guys wondering why this is up so
late that's why i thought i would just
keep you guys in the loop so you guys
understand everything going on but
that's all i have for you today so
that's it that's all it's done
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye
