hey guys new date today and currently we
are live-streaming unlikely that he does
that every Wednesday but we also have
said past together people here who are
her guests today hello hello so what she
normally cooks on your attempts to cook
but isn't very good myself oh you just
like without me not cooking with jasmine
is good because cooking with Jackie I
should cut it but they're trying to say
live right now is that I should pull a
max no sleeves and go no sleeves and
right now they're all learning how to do
how to cut their sleeves the max way max
knows please look it looks okay but I
Jackie said it we're all going to be
included but only bought three shirts
for them and I want to be included too
so they said I should just get one of my
own personal shirts and kind of yes and
then even ask you if you have other
shirts I don't wear the same shirt every
day I just happen to have a drawer black
shirt I'm going to go grab a shirt and
they're going to macular show me how to
cut it the max know things way good to
get you going get it going get it going
get it okay
my black shirt drawer all different
black shirts see these ones are really
faded it's almost like blue which means
that's going to get scrapped I'm going
to have to get new dark ones but for
right now this is perfect to cut
laughter I know it's all like stuck like
this is this is yeah and there's like
holes in this why this is bad but that's
why I having no sleeves on this so it'll
just make it look like it's like a like
my rugged vintage no sleeves yes
so he was saying that a lot of people
find this and cut like a diagonal line
but that doesn't work you have to go
straight down and then a perfect
90-degree angle and that's how you get
it to like go around your body like that
rather just like sticking outside of
your head to the way
like here because then everyone can't
have perfect oh no oops Network
disconnected so it turns out it was my
fault it's starting again though happy
to do it what I got when I got the
ironing board everything fell over and
it knocked the modem out and everything
and all the internet in this whole place
went down and that means her life she
went down we're back down okay so I'm
going to cut my shit really fast because
I got to jump on to another live stream
in a few minutes I know you're doing No
okay perfect way to do it
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom yeah what
you're going to be showing some nipple
it's a trend with the Mandel's we want
to show some belly belly button can you
please put it on it's really good it's
really good Reena it's so deep
majesty fun
previous owner get lower yeah but that
you know because let me get a well it's
because I'm going to leave like this is
actually hurry that is imposed on
another family like fantastic it's so
cream this is why we all had to step
back for him you know that is going
straight to the but Andrea is here now
hi
you bet you rabbit I am so late because
I told chase Gilroy I would go live with
him play some rocket League on twitch
some Co streams I'm just saying yes
everyone to do implants they I didn't
know what his is actually supposed to be
it to that was that three and three
right now we even have time to set
things up oh my god I got to do this
okay
we're here at my station getting ready
to stream I just got to go connect to
him now
I just finished the stream I know you
guys didn't really get to see any of it
that's because it's not on here that is
on my twitch I'll be doing some more Co
streams with other people I think I just
messaged Dennis to try to get something
set up with Dennis but that was super
fun for those of you that did check it
out and watched it I hope you enjoyed it
yesterday because this you know what
happened yesterday for you guys but
continue watch on there sometimes I'll
just be chatting on there in IRL and
other times when we gave it so if you
haven't make sure to go give me a follow
or some sub love on Twitch just
twitch.tv slash Alex my dollars look up
Alec meadow on the twitch a shameless
plug while you are watching this Andrea
and I are also most likely on our way
flying to playlist live we are going to
play this live in Orlando but you know
what that means that means you my boy
you get to go have some sexy time with
some of the some of the bitches
now say it he absolutely loves to go and
I was thinking I would take him in the
morning but I don't know if I have the
time to go in the morning and make the
flight over here to the airport's not
far from where I am right now but it is
far from where he goes I could take it
to a places closer but I like to take to
a place that he loves to go so we're
going to try to get there before they
close we dropped off Harvey and we
decided to get some eat now I could
really show what we were eating because
it is the biggest mess ever until you
wash your hair but rip the boiling crab
look at it they serve you a bag of
shrimp you got to peel it in all stuff
oh so good
we should corn and potatoes hi-yah we
end up just like getting ready last
night and packing and everything so
we're just going to move it into today
rather than finishing up yesterday we
just didn't have that traveling is the
travel day which travel days can get
kind of boring anyway so it's good that
we're tying it into yesterday yeah you
know on the plan elevator chair figure
out we could but either way we are on
our way to playlist live in Georgia
it is Andrea's first playlist live and
she is excited I never met only venta
like me a concept I've never been to
this is apparently the busiest travel
day this is superfood ever time
this is pack really harder than a nice
cool for five minutes a charity line
there's really only one way you can do a
flight rate
the elephants
fuck off there's a baby behind us who
has already taken one
here in Orlando now and everything looks
a little bit happier because this is
where did you work because everything's
almost like you like look at this
Congrats it looked like we're like
riving through the back entrance oh yeah
of course
maybe we'll get my hands one Santa your
hair's going crazy
whoo yeah I playlist you never know what
kind of room you're going to get or
anything they just kind of like set you
up with whatever you're going to get so
we didn't know if it was going to be one
bad two beds was going to look like the
room but this is super nice and finally
we get our own space Oh dope huh look at
this look at this don't throw your shoe
at me so now you guys really can't say
anything look at what is in the room
this is to Andrea and Alex have fun this
weekend Cheers Brian we got champagne we
gonna pop that go pop that pee that's
just a pee session just don't let this
explosion is like frankly are you
plugging here no hey hey hey we're
trying to be glad to hear you out here
then overflowing champagne glass I know
right that's how you celebrate a party
no rappers do it to play let's do it
turns out that the champagne is actually
not from playlist it said Brian and
we're like oh it's like we know who
Brian is well I'll tell you who Brian is
Brian is her boyfriend oh that's a Brian
Santa really I'm so mad you guys like
didn't get really didn't send the card
or something I thought that Brian
someone like some place that's Eliza to
play with you will still provide us with
drinks and still like cheers to you for
all this but then the champagne is
actually preferred boyfriend
I'll have this meeting throughout the
weekend Here I am actually going to be
live streaming I'm not going to be doing
my gaming stuff because I don't have my
gaming rig here but for those you don't
know twitch has a category called IRL
which is in real life which is like live
Bloods live streaming live blogging type
of things so I'll keep my phone on me
right now I'm actually live on Twitch so
if you get twitch the app is just alec
Medel or on your computer's twitch.tv
slash Alex Mandel I'll put a link below
but you guys will be able to follow
along and while we have like people here
while drinks and stuff like that you
guys will be able to watch us live
throughout the weekend so you can check
it out there it's all just going to be
like not really gaming but just like
streaming hanging out stuff like that
so let me let me give a little shout out
to the people who are live right now and
I'll give them some love there we go
so people are talking here so this is
the way our setup goes is I'll be able
to take my phone around here and I'll be
able to walk around anywhere playlist
and see what you guys are saying show
you guys all around here and we just
have a good time we have a long week
ahead of us Andrea's already pretty much
sleeping over there
Oh anyway she's my but she's awake well
so I'm just like pretty much young in
here like an inconsiderate douchebag but
this is a gigs I want to wrap this up
we're going to have such an awesome fun
weekend and we're going to fill the
vlogs and live streams on Twitch and
everything like that so hopefully you
guys just get a lot of cool stuff out
this weekend my face is pretty rid of it
drinking some champagne but that just
means I'm gonna sleep better so on that
note we will see you guys again soon
good bye to take a look
