hey guys don't laugh at me and with my
cousin a look is when did you start
driving yesterday yesterday ok well this
may be my last vlog today you would I'm
just making sure he could drive but
we're gonna go eat and we just went to
go see my dad's mom's new place which
was really nice awesome building but
we're gonna go grab signing eat now let
me see are you gonna are you gonna cut
my parents off right now you try to
there they are they're driving in that
car oh you missed it Zack yeah you
missed it again what you guys don't know
and here's a big announcement hey Jackie
hey fat ass turn look I could finally
show it on the vlog I'm gonna be uncle
Alex and you're gonna be a grandpa that
you're gonna be a grandma mom the reason
why I waited to say anything yes their
turn here the reason why we're hiding
over here is because my relatives don't
know so she's gonna go show them for the
first time I'm gonna get it on the blog
so that uh I'm thinking my grandparents
might cry or something but my grandma
we'll see we'll see what they say this
would be this would be interesting it'll
be cool
you guys get to share this moment
it's a little bit rainy today mom I like
your umbrella shocked mom be possible
softball
do you want an STD know they have STDs
here this is herpes what are each one of
these this is syphilis chlamydia herpes
okay I hope you don't get any STDs you
don't need them no they're for sale
they're always for sale which one do you
like if you're gonna pick one which one
you pick by the way we do have the small
smaller versions and they're in Petri
dishes a 7-3 which one which one do you
think is the cutest that's herpes i like
herpes herpes is my friend okay so you
got to buy that and keep giving it that
way you can have the gift that keeps on
giving the cool thing about this city is
that it's raining outside but you could
go underground and commute anywhere
completely underground we're down in the
underground walkway I don't know
this is below the streets we're in a
bookstore right now because my dad and I
love reading books he's he's been
reading books to me since before I can
remember so that's what we're gonna do
right there's a section over there oh
okay let's go meet some books story
all right this is potty time of her
chickens fighting time chickies
fun funfun up on the potty and get the
job done goodbye Pig shut the door we
know what the bodies for splash see all
the chickens are in the toilet
oh no chickies pat pat pat potty time is
nothing to that committee were making a
mess
see look and this
that's one epic chocolate found Laurie
do this
we're having our Passover Seder log in
this works for holiday time for dessert
what look at this guy's
gigantic mom I want one of these that's
nothing yet what is that gigantic yeah
that's gigantic it's three litres I mean
it's not that heavy but I want to drop
it I don't know if you guys know what a
Kahlua bottle looks like if you don't
look it up but he has a bottle that he
bought 35 years ago my uncle my uncle
bought one 35 years ago here's like the
original Kahlua bottle with the old
writing and everything old labels with
this
supercool you guys should look up Kahlua
so you see what the bottles bottles
playing now it's just regular bottle
this this is the way it used to be check
it out
goodbye leaving time to go home it's
time for family TV time know what bond
with your family go to sleep okay
mommy you have family TV time yes okay
Jackie you'll have family TV time
dad you're not part of the family there
are many families that would love to
have me if you would love to have him
you can have him he won't have family TV
time what'd you say yeah what so my off
the a-team no well I still need as much
support as I could catch Fisher he gave
you shake okay well good night tonight
loser
yeah she said okay guys well that's all
I have for you today that's it finito Oh
we'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye here's a better view
Hey
they can't even see outside
yeah sit down and put your seatbelt on
where land
