hey guys its morning time except guess
what I'm not at work I am driving to the
airplane so I can go to Toronto I'm
heading out right now I'm just I'm
pulling into the airport so time fly if
gift character put up where is it
where's the one we're taking oh here it
is ah that's cool
Rudy
we're landing Oh Rana it doesn't look
too nice that look here I'll show a
better view here's a better view
hey
they can't even see outside
yeah sit down and put the she felt our
landing oh okay
no put my seatbelt on cuz blazing we
just got to our place here in Toronto we
have it i wish we could cut i wish i
could come here more often this is ours
it's it's nice i want to show you
something come here wow i'm looking at
the pictures it's so weak picture you
like of yourself does that have a break
Jackie look you want to see me when I
was skinny so funny yeah somewhere
downtown oh how do we video
yeah I should go outside i will go
outside right now our kitchen let's see
this is a change for like downtown city
living I stayed here I would live here
actually sighs a month at a time if you
guys know the show scare tactics i was a
regular on a few seasons of scare
tactics and we shot it down here in
Toronto so I would live here alone for a
few months at times so fun but I love it
here it's awesome I don't come here as
much as I would like to but I'm happy
when I do death what is this restaurant
call I think it's an Rama okay yeah i
think it's called this is on the 51st
55th floor I think it's actually on the
51st floor but they like to say to the
55th floor because of the Canadian
exchange rate okay check this up guys
why am i blocking we're gonna go into
movie see Captain America Oasis vlog
worthy I don't know I'm not gonna vlog
during the movie its water toy because
there's a 3d glasses so it looks like
they're coming right at the people who
are what kinda blah ready ready yeah
wait you want stoop this low whoa okay
well that's all i have for you today
it's dark when i have more tomorrow
we're doing stuff so so i have maybe
i'll show you one more thing it's cool
look fireplace for this school watches
I don't know if it works takes a little
bit
right
oh and you could see through to the
living room on the other side it's dark
in there but you could see through uh
yeah that's too dark for you guys
because the lights are off over there
cuz everyones going to bed so i'm just
going to take this switch shut up well
that's like our heating source other
than tryna heater but i thought that was
pretty cool so yeah i will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye I'm afraid of
like vlogging I keep my camera like away
fro
