hey guys I'm trying not to be too
repetitive and show you I mean you
always see me starting the car and all
stuff like that but I was at work all
day today again and I figured rather
than being like oh it was another great
day and I'm in the same exact place I
started yesterday i figured i would just
skip that part so right now i'm already
done with that day and now i'm gonna go
meet up with Roman Roman just went to
pick up Brittany from the airport we're
gonna go get some food at Ruth's Chris
Steakhouse I gotta go meet him because
he just made some reservations so I
gotta get out of my car go meet him and
make sure I've there on time so we can
get some grub that's what I well let's
do it no don't touch the play 500 you
know what's up man Oh see you there
water co at ruth's chris 500-degree
plates what's it touch it cillian know
you're gonna hit it would shit no city
and hit my face a hopper the goal thank
you thank you charlie don't break this
one did you tell him I paid I paid you
did he did he pay me this this camera is
pain he's good for it yeah I thought you
said you gonna sit this and you take
this off and a wash vitaly had a lady
friend over last night what'd she do you
know get too close what'd she do Italian
what'd you make her do y-yeah what what
does she do in your bed looks like you
what would you say cheap what are you
thinking well you had a clean good she
pissed in his bed and actually if you
watch Romans blog he's telling his mom
but she is not out hey that one for your
sink off that's good water something I
like scared to have my camera just just
a watchin swatches
I know and then it was like stuck like
this close to my face you will he jumped
out in bed like a fish out of water
you're jumping oh we were talking about
he punched my camera and broke it so I
was afraid to like vlogging I keep my
camera like oh hey bro you guys I
haven't told you guys yet um I'm
actually leaving tomorrow morning I'm
not gonna be here I will take care of
everything for you oh you're good we
would take care of everything like a
glove okay he's gonna take care of you
like a glove ya know tomorrow I'm
actually going to Toronto to visit all
my relatives I don't know if you guys
know but I'm half canadian and all of my
relatives not my immediate that are not
my immediate family still live there so
we're the only ones here so we're going
to toronto i'm only there till like
tuesday and then I come back and you got
to keep this house nice this apartment
nights ago from yeah yeah please ban by
Tuesday but you have them for the
weekend in here so you guys enjoy be
safe oh yeah you actually have the best
bed for more game system it's the way
the air works in this house it doesn't
blow the cards and subprime oh legit
yeah I try to us on your job yeah well I
wish it was three player but it's not
yeah I know now I'm not gonna sleep I'm
gonna try to figure how to lock the door
from the outside before i leave tomorrow
yeah they're going to they're going to
bed I want to take them out and
everything it's actually it floats your
second time in LA but it's the first
time you're going to experience it
that's what I'm saying but it's the
first time you're gonna experience it
and I don't get to help i'll do i'll
take care okay I'm
oh yeah cuz you're sol La mr. a setting
up a guy over baby yeah they hear me
they hear me say uber like every time
and I always make sure i was like guys
I'm drinking so I'm takin over i'm not
driving uber is my travel agent man uber
I'd like my five hundred dollars in
credit for that please I'm just kidding
they don't give it to me but I wish they
did yeah I should uber if you find this
i watch your credit free ya see ya 18 I
need to buy my 18 years yeah I
overcharge you guys like it ok good
night ok guys well I don't want to be
too loud because they're sleeping and
it's almost like it's like two in the
morning because I had to do laundry and
packing and everything for tomorrow
because I'm last minute Alex I am so
just I'm still not even done I still
kind of have to pack for tomorrow and
then i have to be at the airport by nine
forty-five so let me edit this and do
all that stuff and then i'll be on my
merry way but i hope you guys enjoyed
watching today and again i will see you
guys well grin tomorrow goodbye ok go
for it gave it up
the bus
