hey guys so a lot of you guys saw my
prank that I directed before for odd
jobs with the you know that you did -
yeah I love that yeah so much fun we're
filming a beautiful breasts hello thank
you yeah thank you put you in the next
oh yes
you're gonna do J my T's and you're
gonna wait this is this is uncomfortable
Vic I think we're at the same location
we were last time and actually here no
whoa whoa so these we have all the
cameras this glass right here is
actually on the other side just looks
like a mirror it's not we could we're
filming through here
then we have this whole room and
everyone's lined up and all the stuff
but they can't see us so we're able to
just watch them and kind of get them to
do whatever we want them to do with Phil
in five episodes we filmed three amazing
ones today and we're filming two
tomorrow which sound great so I'm
excited we got like all this equipment
we have a few rooms here so we're trying
to get everything done in these rooms
everyone's doing their work hi Phil oh
they know he sits next to me yes so this
went really great today and I'm excited
for tomorrow one thing you guys may have
not known is that Roman is a lego
fanatic had a long life he was super
excited that the stores opened because
since we were here last night he found
Back to the Future Legos nobody has us
in Ohio you can't get this in Ohio dude
all dinner he was just like I wanna I if
they're open I'm getting dude you're not
recording Oh am I not yeah let me fix it
one thing I know about rehear is I'm a
onesie fanatic yeah it is my tail
he looks phenomenal it's like oh my god
I bought Legos ready but an inflatable
dildo just let it go let it go up point
it up no you can't because in this yeah
that's like it oh it's kind of did it
okay go for it gave it up
you good dude it's it's you're at the
rent that was a dud goodbye the bacon
coin well yeah I'll let you out I'll let
you out
geez everyone's always thinking I'm not
gonna let them out that's because every
time I say oh I'll let you out they get
to the bottom I like my a dee dee just
goes I'm gonna go to the computer or
something and then when they're down
there they have no service or to say
that so they're just like it's stuck
but I'm sorry anyway that's all I have
for you today
um Roman has this tendency to just go to
sleep without saying anything like we
walked over to the computer to do
something and then Brendan's like all go
say I'll go say bye to bro to Robin he's
because he's tired as hell after all
this meetings all day anyway god damn
you guys are blowing me up on Facebook
holy hell like I almost so I'm almost
afraid to say you are blowing me up on
Facebook because in the past three days
two or three now three days I've gotten
close to like
a little over 800 Facebook requests not
on my Facebook fan page which you guys
are supposed to be going to you guys are
picking a go to my personal profile and
um and had to be there
so I don't care you guys could have it
anywhere I'm do you hear this a frickin
phone is like going up I don't know if
you guys can see my phone these are like
look look at this coming in okay oh and
these are all texts okay but these are
Facebook so that's coming in anyway and
you guys are calling me on it I can't do
all this guys I can't handle it anyway I
will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye and if it's not perfect which it
never is that's great you don't want you
moustache to be super perfect but what
you do want is after you kind of shape
it once it dries
