hey guys who there's a hair of my camera
get that ah that's weird okay well I
just got back from a tech scout so to
see how we're going to shoot everything
because for the next two days I'm
reshooting five episodes of the show
idea for break so we're getting ready
for that I'm gonna be directing that and
then I would have got some shots this
morning with Roman but he had a little
tummy ache so he wasn't feeling too hot
before he went to his meeting so I was
like I'm just not gonna fill him because
he's green but um we got back late
tonight and then we'll see what we're
gonna do so I'm gonna go into work now
at least for a little bit cuz that's my
duty that's a duty I'm back at home now
and I'm waiting on my parents are coming
because my great uncle is in town my
dad's mom's brother uncle al I column
well his name is al and I call monk
allow this is my great uncle but they're
coming right now and then we're gonna go
get sign to eat and I don't know what
I'm doing I'm so tired and Roman and
them are inviting me to go to a comedy
show tonight but I just don't think I
could do that I gotta be on set tomorrow
to shoot and I've been on set at 7am I
really don't want to go out tonight but
I'll find something to do one for you
guys but for now I'm gonna go eat with
them we just ate dinner we just ate
dinner yep yep this is uncle al my uncle
al chill out mom hi yeah no we already
finished dinner I didn't want to vlog
too much during dinner but what should
they well they're your watches tomorrow
so but next week hopefully last night
you wash deal with it and if you missed
it next Wednesday 1030 on TBS and I got
to buy more a team t-shirts for my
friends they love them I started buying
them yeah they love them well I'd be
happy to sell them to death a bunch of
you have asked me for this and I haven't
done it and I'm finally gonna do it and
that is as you it kind of sounds a
little echo in here it's cuz i'm in my
bath but don't worry i'm not about to
take a shit until after I finished doing
this what I am going to do I'm going to
show you how I do the a-team mustache
many of you've asked it doesn't look
like i haven't right now but i do it's
very long so yeah what i use clubman I'm
sorry I'm looking at the mirror because
I need to see what I'm doing and I'm
trying to look at you guys so this is a
little bit hard but I'm going to make it
happen see look how little I have left
that's why I haven't been doing my
mustache a lot because I always run on
these tubes and I literally have to
order them I can't find my color in the
store because you could buy neutral show
you you can buy neutral in any like CVS
or a pharmacy store but neutral is white
and it's it looks like i have semen in
my mustache and then i tried another
color I tried to get brown which I have
right here Brown makes me look like I've
been eating out an asshole so I don't do
that neutral I'm sorry chestnut is the
color I use chestnut chestnut seems to
match my color where you can't really
tell I have anything if you guys look at
old pictures I used to think my color
was brown so if you look it's really
dark on the tips and not so dark here
because I can put it in too much here
chestnut yay pitch at night yeah when
you're putting this stuff on and you're
doing this I wipe it on my cheek
something my face sometimes here and
then it looks like you have poop smear
on your cheeks so you got to take a
q-tip and you wet it like under the
water and then I
just like take off the extra off my
cheek so I don't have coups me anymore
so you take this little lulu this so
it's calling me let me see it is rippin
i won't take that right now so i'll show
you how much i take some people do more
some people do less that right there
will handle my whole must absolutely do
more yeah there we go now that it's
right here this little poopy shithole
stuff i take half of it and break it in
half so looks like little turds and i
work it into these fingers we're getting
we're getting then I mix up fingers so
that it's all evenly distributed on all
of them because i don't want chunky
somewhere and not chunky other places so
now look there's my mustache fingers and
what i do first is I take these and i
drove put it into my actual mustache
because that needs to be blended too
once I've done that it's in there you
can see it's been rubbed off my fingers
a little I take the remaining grab the
ends and I kind of twist but if you
twist too much they oh I may have
already see look at this poop smear so
if you twist too much then it actually
could twist down so you don't want to
twist you want to do more working it in
and pulling it straight out the only
reason I do a tiny tiny maybe like half
twist is to get it to group together
because if it doesn't group together
then you get a shitty mustache so this
look I'm working it into the roots all
the way down the bottom because if you
only put it in the ends it'll fall the
roots need to be solid and don't pull
too hard because if you notice one side
like this side gets a little thin
because I'm pulled too hard then pulls
my hairs out yeah it sucks so now look
Oh set mustache but at least it's solid
now I can start working it into a
mustache so I'm trying to look at
work the ends if you need to if your
hands get a little dry you can put some
more wax on but I try to work it into a
turn and i'll show you what i do to make
it look thicker to cheat it because it's
not that thick let's work these curves
this one's looking good let's do a
little bit there there we go and now
work this one and two a curve now here's
where the cheating comes because if you
notice these aren't that thick you
squeeze them I squeeze squeeze squeeze
because it's actually flat people that
do it round it gets too thin if you
squeeze it flat while you're doing it
you're looking at like a flat view of
there so it's actually like twice as
thick as it should be that's how I make
it so prominent you see that so that
works out sorry I got to look in the
mirror I don't have a can't see anything
online camera so that's that side let me
squeeze this one and if it's not perfect
which it never is that's great you don't
want you mustache to be super perfect
but what you do want is after you kind
of shape it once it dries a little it
gets so solid that but you could still
move it because it's just wax that
you're putting in it mustache wax so
once it's in the shape so this is kinda
in the shape of talking so I'm making it
come out a little but once it's kinda in
the shape then you can let it dry and
then you can mold it and it becomes like
solid clay so there we go so this is
that's all it took to make a molestache
now let me just check the distance from
my face perfect you take this because
you got to get poop smear off your face
once again what this and just roll it
that's all I do roll it on my face and
if you notice it's just pulling it off
doesn't it doesn't rub it all over my
face it just gets it off and I also made
poop smear all
the key to do this and a little bit
under here just uh does now wash these
fingers because I don't want to get poop
smear all over my face now I take my
nifty cone and I comb the rest into
shape shape it a little now from now on
you do not want any wet fingers at all
because it's wax and you'll put water in
it and it'll get all soft again so now
it's drying a little I could fully mold
it however I want let me squeeze this
here try to make it see you guys can see
fully loaded this one has a little naked
man some days are perfect sundays are
not this looks okay hmm I think that
looks decent let me see oh yeah ah yeah
just let pull this down I don't want I
wanted to look more like a curl now what
I do is you guys see it comes down it
always grows a little bit farther down
here so I take these this I need to look
in the mirror because I don't want to
kill myself and the trim off all this
hair this I have to do it every morning
if I if I do my mustache which is why
you guys don't see it a lot of times
before work because this takes a little
bit and a little bit up here because the
middle gets thick when the middle gets
think it just grows out there's that
pull back a little squeeze it to make it
look thicker Oh what do you know there
we go that is the a-team mustache so I
hope you guys are happen to that because
I wasn't playing doing what starts
tonight but I was like hey they've been
asking and you guys have been sending me
messages saying they want to see it so
for those of you that were bored
watching this I'm sorry but I'm trying
to give you all what you want and this
is something you wanted damn now it's
bending out because I keep talking I'm
not supposed to talk until it dry Tim
see it's still pliable though it'll be
pliable the whole day I habit and I
think looks pretty good yep cool so they
got that's 18 mustache Jake I'm just
watching Alex struggle right now I am
struggling so hard right now okay I got
my game systems here just Jake and I
wanted to go play some gamecube with
some mario kart action or whatever and
there are no outlets the person who made
this place decided to hide every look
across the whole baseboard there's no
outlets anywhere you would say olive
what about the TV well TV goes through
the floor what the fuck and so I'm
trying to look in here like in the
curtain thing and there's like hidden
plugs like down there but there's no way
my fucking fat-ass arm just can fit down
there and i found one open one over
there and I can't fucking reach it help
me it's a heart
uh I just want to play video games what
is a two baby we need Angela we need
Angela the little korean hands ah damn
it we got it i'll call this mess we
found a hidden like power thing inside
him in this TV thing so Jefferson
mariokart mariokart oh there's Roman but
we can't figure out how to do audio how
to get the audio turning on here at all
so we're gonna do the next best thing
we're gonna play see like it's going go
ahead make this out to that sucks and
you're supposed to make it feel like I
like shit yeah but you got to make the
big dogs on the I can't get this audio
working whatever at least we can still
play it out it's time say good oh I just
State for the record that I destroy
Daleks and mario kart double dash he's
been waiting for me to vlog to say that
he didn't even tell he was gonna say
that yep I've been just waiting for you
to take up camera dragon okay about my
destruction yeah first ice was what
place did you get Alex from the Grand
Prix 66 it's okay i will get i will
cream your butthole ya next time that's
as bad that's bad why are you doing that
or is it
ya know you're good i'm gonna let you
out please let me out this i will let
you out this time i actually have to
like you can't even get out of my
building unless I let you out let alone
arm yourself ok ok come on that's all i
have for you today guys that's it that's
all finito goodbye good don't wanna say
goodbye yet cuz i didn't didn't do much
spiel but anyways i will see you again
tomorrow glide how do i welcome every
person to my house with alcohol and
rights you don't know how to make drinks
oh I'm gonna teach you guys how to make
a drink
