hey guys ah god I should really clear my
throat before starting the vlog clearly
this is the first thing I'm saying you
guys are my morning wake-up call i'm at
work now and I gotta go in and do some
work and then afterward hopefully this
time Roman will actually appear and show
up like he said he was going to sell out
it well this time if he doesn't answer
I'm just going out hey Roman if i'm not
home cuz you didn't answer then you
could wait for me to get home I'm going
in a way I think Roman feels a little
bad for yesterday i'm at work and i got
a friend request oh look he's finally
requested me on Facebook we could be
friends Roman we could be friends we're
friends again we were never friends on
Facebook I don't know why that's weird
but now we are I was actually friends
with with his girlfriend with Brittany
but now I'm friends with you Roman we're
friends let's go make pancakes a back at
home now and I think someone's finally
about to show up cuz I just got paged at
the door so hopefully it is Roman and
not a murderer yeah
can it be
I was expecting a scare ya know I cuz I
don't know if you were you were murdered
how's it go it's good good oh you
actually showed up today today look I'm
a blog i figured i figured if if you
wanted a vlog today without crying I
would show uh I got called out people
like stop bitching Alex how do I welcome
every person to my house with alcohol
and rights you don't know how to make
drinks oh I'm gonna teach you guys how
to make a drink okay first you take your
vodka you're gonna wanna for uh you know
a pretty decent amount you don't want to
make sure did you know it tastes right
when you put your mix it yes okay there
you have it that's your drink as much
hey good cheers where's yours um here
i'm going to show you how I make my
drink you just take orange juice and if
you pour just write it already blends
with alcohol in the air listen actually
is amazing yep so here's my alcohol
cheers man I'm just waiting on you to
take a sip of that it's just water dude
I realize the bottle with water oh yeah
yeah
and then mine see baby finger that was a
strong bash old some strong orange juice
okay there's one thing i'm doing wrong
here guys you don't do this don't pour
your juices before your liquor always
pull your liquor before your Jesus did
you not I actually remember heard that
yeah so I'm doing something completely
wrong right now and it just looks bad
but then you just mix it up everything
every drink that has orange juice you
have to mix it anyway I need orange this
is what helps me sleep for work tomorrow
I never do anything without having a
cocktail or an alcoholic beverage of any
kind I'm just kidding I don't drink that
much Roman de ahi they think I'm an
alcoholic I'm not I you think I'm an
alcohol I'm with what I'm on their side
you know that they're gonna believe you
now cuz you're saying it I mean you got
the bottle washing your hands bro
I'm a lot like it doesn't drop this is
kettle one oh you know what that's my
favorite action there's no iphone this
doesn't oh you're right yep no imported
from no awful with me yeah imported from
no alcohol inspired by a small bitch
craftsmanship inspired by small brown
you smile think about it you dreams i
can get that made smile more album yeah
I more markets mom or whatever country
will do it you guys asked all the time
about videos I do for break one of mine
that I one of the show's that's like
pretty much my creation like I create
the episodes and direct them is up right
now just went up today so yesterday for
you guys I'm gonna put the link in the
top of my description but here's like
just easy this is my my video a little
tasty shy just lift them very good paper
earlier so what I can't all right so I
want to what the show is it's called odd
jobs so these people have to do they get
there they come in dinky they're just
gonna do regular office work and then it
takes a little turn and gets a little
odd so check that out I'm gonna put the
link in the top of the description so
you can watch it it's I think it's funny
let me know what you think in the
comments also so Roman already went to
bed and unfortunately he's too tired to
do anything he's not he's just he's
passed out in his room right now so
unfortunately that's that's all i have
for you guys today i will try to give
you some more where rome and I were just
talking about some fun things we could
probably do this week so hopefully we'll
go do those things and that way I'll
have a more interesting blog for you
guys but for now I gotta go edit this
and then I gotta go to sleep because I
got work in the morning yeah
okay well I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye Thank You Roman first
grown-up my vlog and that he's going to
come over tomorrow to hang out Thank You
Roman first grant my blog and he's going
to come hang out tomorrow when he gets
off at from his meetings at 5pm Thank
You Roman first grant move
