hey guys it's time for me to go into
work today uh yeah that's a time it is
today rub right now is for diamonds
right now and now not today because
today okay good to end prank it forward
weeks they set something up all this
barbecue and of course beers at work
again right here's the work again
amazing so we just had that like buffet
line thing of barbecue and beers and
wine to to sign off on prank it forward
week which was a huge success for us
here break so thank you guys for
checking that out too because I know a
lot of you guys commented same prank for
was great so I'm glad you guys enjoyed
that and that was I'm ready to go home
it's like almost seven o'clock and I I
want to go home now I'm a pack up and go
home I'm back at home and as many of you
already know well probably because it's
in the title I think I'm going to title
it that but also because you guys watch
Romans vlogs and he is in LA and when it
comes to LA he stays at my place and so
he told me he was going to be here I got
he said he had a dinner and he was going
to come over after its now 1040 p.m. I'm
like I didn't want to leave the house
because he doesn't have a key or that my
place doesn't have a key to get in here
so i can't really go out and vlog
anything cuz i don't want him to just
show up at my place so he finally just
text me back right now though to tell me
like hey man he's like oh damn i'm so
sorry he's a cool fight over now yeah
come head over it's fine my blog is shit
live long as shit Roman cuz I couldn't
go out waiting for you hopefully when it
comes here we do something but I'm
waiting on him right now I am sorry guys
this has been the worst blog it's
nothing look at this on top of it all
it's 1153 let her focus and Roman just
texted me a minute ago come on focus he
says dainik oh it's going into whatever
anyway he pretty much said he's going to
crash there because he's too tired to
brover Thank You Roman for screwing up
my vlog and that he's going to come over
tomorrow to hang out thank you
Roman first grant my vlog and he's going
to come hang out tomorrow when he gets
off at from his meetings at 5pm Thank
You Roman first grant move I know what
you guys are gonna say it's your fault
you should have done something I know
guys I'm just messing around it's not
his fault I had nothing going on and
yeah i mean this vlog is super short I
know you guys hate that I apologize it
happens realistically though I didn't
want to leave my place tonight in case
you know I I was going to go to dinner
with some friends and would meet up at
Brandon stuff that didn't happen you
know he's busy he has meetings time I
Roman but um yeah it is what it is I I
guess I'm gonna go to bed I gotta edit
this now because it's already midnight
is hoping to get a little bit of
something but what could you do okay
guys go ahead go ahead just rain on my
comments with why so short why so short
you're slacking you're slacking you
don't even care anymore hit that dislike
but another time you guys make me I
always smile and I'm like damn it i know
i gave you guys bad vlog and then you
guys just got a row to my face with that
so hey guys i'm sorry this one turned
into a talking vlog right well hey I'm
gonna make sure I give you this is a bad
promise to give but I promise you I'll
give you a good vlog tomorrow I don't
hate making that promise but I will try
my best I promise I will try my best to
give you the best vlog give you an
interesting vlog tomorrow but I guess
tonight this is what I have to offer so
I'm sorry again guys I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye no Kevin wait I'm
gonna call you back I'm gonna call you
back in five minutes five minutes I'm
look like in four minutes said it
