hey guys look up with oh hey Anna are
you naked right now they can't even see
your clothes I'm here wearing a trap oh
there I can see your clothes sheriff on
your vagina no Brandon shouldn't you
show her vagina yes yes Brandon's here
too that's our uber tears we're gonna
get sign to eat this is dinner look at
what I got ooh it looks like a turn on
my camera can't even see it
anyway it's a steak it's just dark in
here so it looks black but it's not it's
amazingness how's your food
Oh rugelach Cano chicken pizza Samantha
in Chile round and yeah we make the
chili allowed themselves yeah this place
is so good right now by my house I got
of it by your house yeah I was like
right down the street and I had driven
local bar and right as the ones getting
home but I I feel so bad
we happy denies now that Hannah's 21 she
wants to try a whole bunch of different
drinks I'm not going to make her a bunch
of different drinks I'm just gonna make
for one you guys have already seen this
in a vlog that I've made Bloody Mary so
I'm not going to go over all the
ingredients I do to make it but i am
going to show you just make it one real
quick so i will show you this I you guys
know my favorite vodka kettle one she
only wants a little bit of vodka just a
tiny bed so let's do that is not too
much it's like a half ounce you're 21
you could drink now we'll add the tomato
juice that works some lemon juice some
worchestershire sauce and then some
horseradish a little bit of this and
then you want to crack the pepper of it
as much as you want they're like pepper
so i'll put a lot of pepper wait am i
doing this the right way uh oh no i
wasn't the wrong way ok not too much cuz
it is just a drink that's probably good
ok sorry ok Tabasco how hot do you want
it so I eyes here let's do just a little
bit ok well actually will about we did
like two and a half ok port one way this
is all you need to make before back in
style that's ok ok it's a school there
you go Cheers she is I'm kind of nervous
just take you see that too much power no
taste one oh that's good I like it they
are good right yeah oh I realize
refreshing ya see what you got what you
should know about a bloody mary is they
say don't have a Bloody Mary after
sunset because it's a daytime drinker
morning drink but I like him at any time
this has five o'clock over yes so you
can still kind of drink it also if you
guys have a hangover it is a hangover
cure to drink a Bloody Mary in the
morning but I don't know usually people
will say like have Bloody Mary and I'm
like I don't want to hear about alcohol
right now I never hang a little bit it's
good it's so good it's kind of like
tomato soup but it's like this logic
it's like this Apollo joke yeah it's
exactly like gazpacho but it's yeah
better I noticed that from one of the
giveaways I did for the shirts I told
you guys to send me your phone numbers
and I would randomly pick a number to
give away i'm not doing giveaway right
the second but i still have your phone
numbers so we're like oh you know what
we who would be better praying phone
call than one of you guys so I just went
through and found a number it's a little
bit late right now it's just after
midnight so I tried to find someone on
the west coast so that we're not going
to disturb one of you on the East Coast
at three in the morning so but we're
gonna call Gabriel I think Brandon
Brandon you're gonna top and then luck
you're good talking that you could pass
on to me so hard okay so tired okay
let's call girl get bills thank ya
Gabriel the G yeah hello is this Gabriel
hello Gabriel GPS I have a package here
for you
get it get get get let's try calling it
oh hey I'm still waiting at your door
this is gabriel correct are you
expecting a package yeah okay cuz I'm
waiting for you at the door and there's
no one answering oh yeah the address I
have heat I don't know it's just it's
just addressed to Gabriel going back I'm
not allowed to say that over the phone
I'm sorry I could just I'm at your door
though women Gabriel yeah it's it's
something from youtube yeah do you watch
anything's on youtube oh yeah you got it
i was just prank phone calling for fun
just figured say hello how's it going
it's like I've you recognize my voice oh
it's the laughs damn it well hey man I'm
sorry I'm calling so late I just you
know I figured I wanted to vlog
something i'm vlogging this is it okay
if I put it up okay you could you could
go to sleep now Gabriel okay check a
check the vlog tomorrow okay bye good
how can you pick up for me though
because you're Brandon no one ever picks
up for you yeah that makes one of us now
that I've prank phone calls someone from
the a-team we figured who else could we
prank oh I don't want to keep like
waking you guys up in case you're
sleeping so the other night we actually
prank phone called Kevin Brueck he still
doesn't know it was
Brandon on the phone random and Brandi
called pertaining to be a superfan
except it was like one in the morning
and Kevin's like what he goes I just
really want to do a video with you come
on why do video in Kevin's like I'm
sleeping man how did you get my number
so we're gonna go for round two let's
call Kevin you're gonna be Kevin
superfan again let me well maybe should
I did Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy yeah we call
Kevin Brueck don't show him the number
it just is giving Brooke Evan Kevin it's
me Jimmy we talked the other night and
you told me to call you back tomorrow
and i forgot to but i'm calling you back
today about collaborating a video with
you oh no chem remember i got your
information because i saw you at the
YouTube office the other day and I was
really excited when I saw you and I was
just making sure that you still wanted
to collaborate I'm a really really big
fan of yours Kevin oh yeah okay well you
told me we can collaborate a video and
I'm really excited about collaborating
video you can I wake lab right now yeah
I'm a really big fan yrs I'm really did
you live in Los Angeles oh no but I'm
actually in Los Angeles right now to
collaborate video with you I live in San
Diego I'm just really busy did you do
them stuff yeah but it okay Kevin no
Kevin wait wait wait wait wait I'm out
so I'm in front of your place right now
and I'm ready to collaborate video oh no
Kevin wait I'm gonna call you back I'm
gonna call you back in five minutes five
minutes I'm gonna call you that good
four minutes said
no please I should take some right now
be like dude watch the vlog tomorrow
let's see what kevin says oh he's tied
him back let's see if he gets it he gets
my hand
you are such a fucking asshole it's so
great gimme love you get it Jimmy just
wants to do a collaboration to a
collaboration with Jimmy we're gonna try
prank phone calling denny's and but not
just any old dennys we're gonna call it
Denny's three and a half miles from the
White House and watch it didn't DC so
that we could Tom president wants some
pancakes you ready to call Brandon I'm
ready yes my name is agent q calling
with the United States 18 I have the
President on the phone right now to make
an order okay hey guys so on today's
vlog I'm going to order some pancakes
and some butter some syrup what kind of
syrup do you have regular syrup that's
the only kind of syrup I like okay and
how long will that take just some
pancakes with that regular syrup cool
i'll be there better president of the 82
i had hey guys so there's like oh my god
hey Alex Modell's coming in from space
do you really think people leave that
Hannah you would because you're an idiot
he would have asked for it just kidding
oh you're not going to defend me
I feel defended to my that's all i have
for you today so uh yeah that's it i was
i hope you enjoy it but i will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye oh yeah now
let go left go right oh yeah
