hey guys i am at my parents house right
now my brother lives outside and some of
my friends do production work they're
planning out their music video for Palm
Springs Beach has their song that they
released I wanted to grab something to
eat at what she gives this so i got this
was like all i found in the freezer it's
frozen so you think like okay if it's
past the expiration date a little bit
it's okay so is looking to expiration
date i want to show you this okay it
says the focus bestbuy September 2011
how about you but I I don't really
prefer to eat things that are more than
three years old uh I think I'm just
gonna trash it I'm but I'm hungry come
on Brandon
I have saved that
I am now you're not kidding
that
ok and ok
oh I try to swing it in those nuts
winner every time come on Jonah Hill oh
let's offer one shoot you any fucking
law you're sure you don't hell yeah Amy
traffic save it no I second me no no no
no oh yeah now let go left go right
I am at jakes house right now boom boom
remember bad one focus yeah i'm at jakes
house right now I'm waiting for Jake cuz
he's not here and then we're gonna meet
up and we're gonna go to a friends at
the party friends party that's what
we're doing oh look look this followed
up his boner hey Jay oh he's he's doing
this to me that's nice Jake well anyway
we're gonna we're gonna head over there
that's we're doing jig I'm gonna show
them your gigantic TV no no I just think
it's huge it's really big led to like
reconstruct this whole wood thing in
order to fit it well you can't even see
really how big it I mean it's it's 80 80
inches well I hate the new ones who
didn't have the size that are then used
to be so it was yeah like it was going
to be too tiny in there or we had to
upgrade um upgrades are always good
okay guys well i'm back at home and i
don't know what the vlog was today but
it was interesting I mean I didn't
really vlog it like the party went to
for my friend krista and her boyfriend
max it was their birthday but I didn't
vlog that you just kind of saw weird
snippets of everything so yeah anyway it
is what it is and i will probably give
you a normal vlog for tomorrow because
this one was weird but anyway i was
gonna say and my name is alex i don't
know why i had the urge to say that but
um in case you didn't know my name is
Alex but i will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye all right why don't you
kiss Hannah straight on a comment why
don't you kiss Hannah she's truck she's
leaning into it no oh my god
