hey guys it's a new day today and today
is an extra special day because is the
day that I'm finally going to put
together my monstrosity of a PC so we
can get to some some cool gaming and
some twitch streaming finally are you
ready to help me build this Harvey yeah
I don't think you're going to be that
much help the system I'm currently using
is a Mac which for any of you you know
that it's just not good for gaming or
streaming or anything like that now it's
good for tons of other uses I'm a huge
Mac fan continue to edit on my Mac and
everything like that but when it comes
to everything else I needed a PC and I
finally got one my current setup is a
mess beyond mess it's just not good it's
like by the way all these mics when I
was streaming with different friends
they each had a mic these were like oh I
don't even know what these were from
when I moved in here the guy left them
because he was pretty much trashing them
I still like it for this setup 27-inch
Mac totally fine this is my special
keyboard because I am avid certified so
I used to edit all my avid stuff on here
when I would do stuff all of this needs
to get cleaned up and this needs to be
turned into something extra special this
Mac however is not going to waste this
is actually going to be moved right here
because this is where a ship a lot of
stuff out has the boxes and the printer
to print out shipping labels stuff like
that this is going to be turned into
like a business center type of thing and
that'll be the Fun Center or gaming
streaming you know I am super excited to
set this up but before I could set
everything up I have to clean up so I
have to move all of this stuff out of
here and that's the part I'm dreading
but got to do it so let's do it
ha I think I finally cleared enough
stuff to start putting together this PC
but I got to take out all that crap so
that I can get in here with the Duke
computer when I ordered this computer I
thought it was like I've seen the
computer before I didn't think it was
going to be like huge or like I didn't
think it was going to be like gigantic
or a monster but it is this thing is
huge I'm going to show you just how big
the boxes this thing is gigantic I mean
I'm sitting here it's taller than my
head I'm like trying to I have this desk
right here so I'm kind of squished but
this thing is it's massive I don't know
if you can tell in here but it is taller
than the desk so it is not going to be
able to go under it's going to go on top
of the desk over there a good thing it's
reinforced because this thing weighs I
don't know all I know is the shipping
weight which it did come in a pound a
pallet freight ship so but that shipping
weight was 250 pounds once I remove the
pallet I say this is about 100 plus I
like that it's just too much time to
open
let's do it
obviously I'm going to have to take this
stuff out of there because this is not
that's just packing to make sure it
doesn't move around and doing shipping
here it is in matte black whoo I can't
wait to get this ready
these white coils are because it's
liquid cool this is the event of three
from digital storm I think this is the
placement I'm going to have for it
just right here so it's a little angled
you'll be able to see because that's all
going to illuminate there but then I
could put all of the monitors here well
by all I mean I have two monitors and TV
Riley and Jake are now here - just a
little bit a little Charlie Jake works
all day at his office so he just got off
and headed here because I was like I had
with lots of assistants now I got that
big thing up there myself I'm very proud
of myself for doing that but I still
have I have to set up all the monitors
and stuff you guys saw how big this is
here is the 34 inch curved monitor this
is the Asus a sous a whatever you guys
like - how you pronounce it oh Jesus
it's the Jesus systems of Jesus monitors
I hate yeah so you guys can look up all
the specs that you want to do this isn't
like a super spec happy video it's more
just a setup and then you guys can do
that research on your own yeah
protection is important I'm now having a
little bit of a major issue because I'm
seeing how much space this takes up with
a 34 inch ultra wide this gigantic
machine and then I also have a 24 inch
HD monitor than I was just going to use
for like streaming tools and things like
that to control or see the chaplain
streaming so I just have like a little
secondary I mean 24 inches and not
little but smaller than this secondary
monitor just to do all the controls and
stuff like that and then I still have to
put the TV where I play the console
games so I don't know how I'm going to
fit all this but we got to figure this
out this one is probably one of the most
popular gaming monitors thought it is
the VG 2 4 8 24 inch with 144 Hertz
rapid refresh rate which is cool but I
don't need it as my primary game are
this just a secondary monitor so we're
going to open it and set this up
Oh does that thing fit this looks
promising let's see I think we have
enough space here to make it perfectly
fit oh look at that yeah nice
so all these monitors fit and we got
this here this couldn't even go farther
back of camp because the base note was
even wider thing oh that hole okay after
a lot of thinking this was the keyboard
that I chose the course there k95 and
this one has the brown switches the
mouse I decided to go with sorry for all
the reflection is the logitech g930 put
up oh I got a scissor stand now for the
mic and I upgraded to it 8020 xx of
audio technica this one is really good
and it's actually USB since all of this
stuff lights up I wanted the desk under
here to look nice and lit be able to be
uniform with the color so I picked up
these Phillips strip lights or the light
strip so I'll put these underneath here
and we'll get that going
sticking these right here Harvey you're
just so intrigued aren't you come on
Obrecht my setup is finally complete I
haven't hooked in rehook tin my consoles
or have leased up the web camera
annotate that but the main setup is
complete so take a look
and there you have it guys that is my
setup it may not be exactly what you
love it may be what you love but I am
very happy with it that is all that
matters
everyone's gaming setup should look
completely different because it should
look however you want it to look and
this is how I want to look so to give
you a little before and after here's
what it looked like before and here's
after I hope you guys enjoyed watching
please meet me over at twitch at
twitch.tv slash Alex Mandel I'll be
doing a lot more gaming there and
especially now that I can stream
powerfully play powerful games
it's just I'm just super excited for
this so go on over there give me a
follow on there see a notification and
when I'm streaming let's just have a
good time and on that note I will see
you guys again soon goodbye
