let it work well I'm not a work i'm in
an elevator and I'm gonna go into work
right now that's where I'm going what is
sylvan are doing it's going down time to
go into work I want to show you one of
the props we just got for a video we're
doing here break this this turns me on
yeah these are if you guys haven't
guessed it these are breast implants
yeah I'm gonna they actually under like
underneath underneath my shirt I just
put it on they totally feel real here
check this out I gotta just prop them up
actually I think yeah when I stand out
there we go are they a little lopsided
in here yeah is this a little bit locked
but they're okay right they can use some
if you just keep doing that it won't
look weird but you can't do this you
gotta do you have a little bit of weight
oh it's a good mean it's for not wearing
a bra all the time they're just saggy
these are your saggy titties Oh run run
in place or something oh we're not here
we should see if I could ease up like my
shirts at our fault it's amazing okay
juggle them Oh hold on hold up there
like sticking to each other there we go
getting stuck there we go Oh
this is a tough to juggle it there we go
slap in your hand I know just juggling
these boobies boys all day Julian I knew
you want one I don't know what's going
on but all these black SUVs look at this
they're blocked off everything
everyone was filming the black SUVs they
closed off the whole street there's like
cops everywhere I wonder who's in the
black SUVs um they were coming out of
where the stages i think for jimmy
kimmel so it's some sort of guessed
there i don't know i'm curious to know
who's in those black SUVs well i'm
blogging what are you doing i'm logging
our bodies are you tell you
what are we doing for blogging know what
are we actually doing we're eating chips
Oh best bean dip inappro know what are
we here oh because they have the best
bean dip in the world oh it's Hannah's
birthday you guys know that bill did
already know that from the floor so
we're waiting for the shop she doesn't
know everyone's here what's wrong
they're all its two cameras
hello I won't it's a surprise
the boys
hey I used giving them the finger I'm at
this end of the table i'm not even part
of it anymore it's all good we're
drinking i have nice teeth now i have a
beer there you go of course if you're
hanging out with Brandon you're gonna
wind up in a country bar the cool thing
about the show is this is where they
don't mad teacher when Cameron Diaz and
Justin Timberlake when he perform with
the man near talk
please
I
now you get it I'll get out good that
was iffy you got mine perfect mine was
perfect I you know I'm a lot once a lot
of bourbon point of the restroom yeah
we're tgif in and this this man I we
used to have sex you forgot my name wait
hardly know it for this man this man ya
mean sex yeah
it was a good is good right yeah we call
him fuzzy this is just augment up I am
ready oh gosh buddy Stuart you're very
funny Gary hey your dealer example feels
nipples that was close but the right one
the right way all right one right yeah
it is always the message three so you
guys know that its head it was Hannah's
birthday up until midnight in three
minutes it's actually Brandon's 24th
birthday they have back to act birthdays
which makes for an interesting
relationship so it's brandon 24 in three
minutes hey love lado don't think of a
call he's read your birthday should i MA
okay pick it up pick it up thank you
shot hey hold on one sec hold on mom let
me just take a shot it's really good
guess what you're on camera she doesn't
like to be on camera well her and I are
about to film a sex tape tonight he'll
use her mouth let's go to put the whole
pig in your mouth no what's your mouth
around it I know you can do it hell you
can't use your damn
oh yeah oh no don't let it fall which
one out about it what's your whole mouth
around it right there is no nobody don't
like oh yeah put your whole mouth with
your wicked or put your hair mouth
around it and then lift it up here we go
yeah it's still in there you gotta
swallow she spits
okay guys i'm back at home now it was a
fun night good night that's what it was
it was Hannah's birthday birthday dinner
I know yesterday's vlog said Hannah
turned 21 she turned that midnight
tonight was her actual like dinner that
Brendan set up a surprise she thought
she actually asked all of her friends to
meet her there everyone said no Brendan
set up the whole thing so that was cool
she was super excited I know she does
want me to say this but she was actually
crying one point and I didn't flaw that
but yeah sorry Hannah anyway and then it
was Brandon's birthday at midnight it's
weird that they're in a relationship
boyfriend-girlfriend their birthdays are
one day apart so now Brandon @midnight
turned 24 so I should name this log
Brandon turned 24 so that's what we're
gonna do because I named Hannah's
yesterday hell did Brandon's yeah so
anyway happy birthday to you Brandon and
again you Hannah even though it's not
your birthday right now anymore it's
Brandon's so I'm not gonna give you a
lot light again um but yeah so that was
fun night I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and again as always I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye this is
for your 21st oh she is is I know yours
is prettier kazars been sitting around
for one
