hey guys I'm back at work today
and I am going into work today to work
cuz that's what you do at work you work
yeah okay hey Phil I don't even telling
what I'm gonna vlog anymore we're just
doing auditions say and some people
aren't showing up show up to your
auditions if you're gonna audition for
something show up I'm with Jake and
we're at one of the best places on earth
Oscar Oscar why because there's so many
samples but am I gonna eat the samples
only if they fit into my diet or if they
taste good well we're trying to we're
trying to fight right ooh by like a good
amount of like healthy stuff to stock up
here like in big quantities so one I
don't have to spend a lot of money and
keep going out and two I can eat
healthier by buying it the healthier
stuff in bulk yeah it's Hannah's 21st
birthday she's here yeah yeah so for 10
minutes we're making here well once I
get Jake I want to show that so we made
up a new shop for her it's Godiva white
chocolate liqueur and pallulah so you
guys you guys already know how to layer
use the spoon when you do it okay so
you're gonna make it right now so it is
half Kahlua then you take the Godiva
white chocolate liqueur and make sure
you slow pour it with a spoon
perfect okay and then once you went for
a little bit more mine
this one's mine that one's yours oh okay
all right okay you need to fill mine
okay so once these are filled then I
know my diet guys but it's a drink so
we're making them correctly just to show
you with some whip cream there you go
here's a brand new shot what do you guys
think we should name it it's really good
it's like a Chuck like coffee and coffee
and chocolate white chocolate on Basin
an 18 gets the name it yeah white white
chocolate Kahlua and whipped cream okay
that's all Cheers together this is for
24 hours she is is I know yours is
prettier kazars been sitting around for
a while Oh a good I think I've whipped
cream my beard ooh I love a session yeah
it's so good
try it Jake just made another one I do
of sprinkles yeah but anyway Jake just
made another shot and this one has 3 oz
cake vodka which tastes like funfetti
cake mom Chara which is like Mexican or
China but it has ruminant and
Bailey's Bailey's Irish Cream those
three and then now he's gonna put
whipped cream on it and then are you
putting sprinkles yes take the sprinkles
here take these I'm glad that you just
have sprinkles at your house well
because of the challenge I did with Katy
yeah put them in the cap see we have a
good fit on the wiener nice Brandon yeah
let's see what this looks like he's just
being nice literally shot this looks
great
this one's one of Jake's creations they
know you can't see me right now but it
is literally pouring out here it was it
was like warm before I mean not warm but
oh it's not even focusing there we go
but you guys can hear it you could hear
it that's all I grab it's pouring
outside we're drinking she could join
our group sex sex hi Jake oh you can
finally go to an arcade and you don't
need to go to Chuck E Cheese
okay Wow
evil stare on the blog because you went
for you in for head first into the blog
okay head first
oh you enjoy your alcohol no I'm not I
got drinks out an actual bar and I got
to order them and I got to use my Indian
everything Oh what are you 21 now
actually yeah I'm 21 actually yeah she
is 21 Jake she's 21 I know why do you
love everyone left I'm home I known time
to edit and then go to bed cuz I trained
kind of work at night but it's okay
because it was for Hannah's 21st
birthday on someone's 21st birthday you
got to kind of do that yeah so I had a
good time I know they had a good time
she was like ecstatic that she could
finally get in when the guy was like let
me see your ID is like here it is but I
remember when I first turned 21 I was
that's how I was too it's an awesome
feeling so happy birthday to her and to
you guys as always I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye I want you to say
hey Kendall Jenner you owe Alex a date
or you told Alex Mandel make sure you
tagging me in it to make sure you do
that Alex Mandel as well so that I could
see you do it
