hey guys i am back at work today yes I
am yes yes I am so again I'm gonna
figure out some stuff fun some fun stuff
to do today to walk but while I'm at
work I it's not I work let's see what
happens they had a whole line of burger
making stuff outside on the in the
office for everyone to get free burgers
today for lunch although one thing I
didn't tell you guys because you guys
saw me get fatten you stop me fat myself
up with the ramen fest yesterday well I
decided summers coming up even I just
hate to say this i'm gonna i'm gonna
start dieting I'm gonna eat healthier
are you laughing at me so can we thumbs
up well you got a veggie burger that's
good that's the healthiest veggie burger
there is yeah no I was like okay so
they've grilled chicken and they had
burgers and everything I went grilled
chicken and no bum so just with the
stuff on it trying to just stay away
from the carbs carbs and sugars at the
dim are the dangerous ones so let's see
how long was last I don't know and then
you know we'll start doing the gym a
little more let's let's do this I think
we should all do this all of you guys
should too if you want to now we'll do
this together Oh back at home right now
about to head over to jake's to meet up
with jake and Angela because guess what
guys you should already know this by now
every monday is a new episode of the
following so i'm going to go watch the
following there and catch up on that cuz
i love that show perfect timing it's
just starting
oh hey sure by the way boom Redmond oh
the episode was good like it oh is this
I'm gonna head out of here I'm gonna
leave jake jake has to take a shit and
Angela's chowing down on chocolate chips
chocolate yeah I'm just saying what's
going on yeah we got your house I am
going back to my house and i'm at my
house yeah I said you were gonna take a
shit no you're not he told me he was
gonna pinch a loaf for me and he's gonna
text it to me I'll get out of here free
throws making this place did he go again
I fight a lot but every time I fart here
I try to go like and then fart I try to
sneeze and then fart to hide it but it
never works because you could smell it
to the wall girls give a nice town too
yeah I know all of my farts were like
original I'm a very original farter I
will get out of here I will get out of
here I'm going I don't want your Jewish
for anything why my Jewish friends my
Jewish my farts and my parts yeah we're
gonna get hate mail from from Cheers
yeah what's wrong with Jewish parts ok
I'm back at home and I don't have much
to vlog today but that's ok because I
have something very important I want to
ask you guys to do I want to see how
powerful the 18 can be and this will be
this will be fun because we will see
what kind of effect you guys could have
now I don't know if you remember this
and for some of you that are new you
probably have never seen it but if you
go back all the way to one of my first
vlogs I've logged with the Jenners with
Kendall and Kylie Jenner you know their
sisters the Kardashians and I turned to
Kendall who had recently turned 18 and I
asked her out to dinner well she said
yes regardless of whether it was a joke
or not she said yes so you guys have
been saying still to this day when are
you ever gonna go on that date with
kendall Jenner
well that's a good question so I think
it's time for you guys to help make that
happen and then that way it'll be a
great vlog so check out this clip when I
asked her and just so you guys can i'll
refresh this in your memory check out
this clip and then I'll and then i'll
tell you what i want you to do i'm
standing here with Kendall and Kylie
Jenner you just turned 18 years ago you
did I yeah I think I think you and I
should now absolutely we should we
should do dinner yeah perfect yeah you
do so there you go there was that she
agreed she would go and so just so you
guys know that video the reason why I
want to do it it's done so well has 140
2143 views what over a hundred forty-two
thousand views clearly you guys like
them and you want to see that so here's
how it's going to work you're going to
go onto Twitter this is my Twitter
account so yours will look different and
if you don't have a twitter make one
just so we can see how powerful we can
do this so will compose a new tweet and
then in this I want you to say something
along the lines of hey and make sure you
do at and then her thing her handle
right there just so you guys see it is
her name so at kendall Jenner smell just
like that ok and then i'm not going to
give you the rest I don't even know if
I'm in focus right now but I'm not going
to give you the rest I want you to say
hey kendall Jenner you Oh Alex a date or
you told Alex Mandel make sure you
tagging me in it to make sure you do
that Alex Mandel as well so that i could
see you do it but tag Alex Mandel and
tell her she owes me a dinner or a date
or anything you want to say to her and
then we're gonna see if cuz if I tweet
her you know it's one tweet and she
probably gets bunch
what if we send thousands of tweets to
her then she's gonna have to do it right
at least that's the logic in my mind
that's working out right now so guys
let's tweet bomb kendall Jenner we
should do tweet bombing more often two
messages to other people so if this
works out we'll tweet balm other people
maybe we'll try to set up other dates
maybe we'll do some cool things to
celebrities that way celebrities barely
see our tweets right when we tweet them
once but what if the whole a team tweets
them to try to get something we want so
let's tweet bomb and see if this works
so go ahead and do that but guys that's
all i have for you today i want to
finish off with that message so you guys
can go out strong that we could get that
done so guys go tweet bomb kendall
Jenner right now and let's see if it
works i mean if it doesn't then at least
we all failed together and we won't feel
as bad let's do this together I want to
see how strong you are I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye that's the
first one this one's from Japan check
this one line
I'm so excited and Jake I know you're
excited yeah
