hey guys I am on my way right now to
pick up Jake and Angela and then we are
heading to the ramen festival yeah like
ramen like the noodle they they are
having like tons of people come in to
make Robin I think they're like
competing or something like that I know
they brought in they brought in like a
chef or a few of them from Japan to hand
make them over here so I'm excited I
love ramen and we're ready to get fat
I'm ready to get fatter
let's go get fatter there's a ton of
people here and I'm super excited I'm
with ya this okay oh the ramen festival
open it up show the show them the
options these are all different like
Bootsy burger ramen burger yeah but you
could go they have places here from
Japan so there's like but it goes on
like all the way around
there's even boots that go around there
there are so many I bought tickets for
five bowls of ramen different bowls of
ramen and three drinks so let's get
started
that's the first one this one's from
Japan check this one
I'm so excited in Jake I know you're
excited
oh yeah that looks good look you're on
the vlog now hi guys I walked up and he
was like oh no way I'm just trying to
get a drink and then he was like oh no
where's like are you out of drinks of
course I'm gonna be at the wrong person
this is gonna be in the vlog tomorrow
now I'm happy not a mom took me here
yeah well hey thanks for supporting he
was saying he was afraid he's gonna miss
the vlog today now he's in the vlog for
tomorrow while we're in line for more so
good by the way guys totally just
emptied out in the bathroom to make room
for some more amazing Robin is it - is
that TMI I wanted them to realize how I
can fill up information on - how to
survive the Robin fest yeah you tucking
I feel like it
yeah I'm Robin I'm a Robin stripper you
want to know why the a-team is awesome
I'm about to show you
we're trying to wait in line but instead
oh thank you these are Robin burgers
thanks
he came up because he didn't have his
bone before so you wanted to take a
picture and he's like oh do you want one
of these because we don't have to wait
light I'll just go get him for you oh
yeah let's get a picture about to get a
picture
I'll talk to you the final ramen of the
day and I and I have no one else to
think other than Jonathan thank you guys
he okay guys he has been he literally
this last line we waited because it's
like a two-hour line I don't know if you
can see goes all the way back sometimes
and we just walked over here he's like
don't worry I'll go to the back I'll
grab it so then he got last one and for
that I'm sending him an eight-team shirt
he just gave his address in my phone so
I'm gonna send him an 18 shirt thank him
so awesome so thank you so much well
this this has been amazing
after all that ramen for lunch which is
not very healthy angela has just made
dinner for us
Thank You Angela what is it it's a
quinoa chicken rice ball with mango
salsa Oh mango salsa
grilled chicken avocado and then there's
quinoa at the bottom see you just gotta
balance it out guys
I could be fat but I you know that yeah
so we're eating something holding them
and puts the ratchet yeah but
I saw that dentist put up a new new deed
this this one is a dirty deed that's
David fake fake winning ticket and he
just he put them in random places and
people found him and thought they won a
lot of money this is definitely a dirty
beat I just watched the video you guys
should go check it out
it's it's definitely a dirty deed it's
it's not very nice but hey sometimes
there's good deeds and sometimes there's
bad deeds so I enjoyed this one Dennis
good job with this but hey guys I'm
about to edit this and go to bed I got
work in the morning so I gotta call it a
night plus I have all this ramen that I
need to still shit out somewhat about to
do that I'm still trying to learn about
that whole withholding information that
you guys don't need to know so let's
just pretend let's let's take back the
shitting part and just leave it at I'm
gonna edit and go to bed but yeah uh
anyway I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
yeah you'll be on the blood money
tomorrow
