hey guys it's Saturday for me but this
is going up tomorrow so it's Sunday for
you
I guess what if it was just another
earthquake not lying to you
Wow thank you Cal Los Angeles Southern
California you just shake our world you
rocked my world that's what you do you
rock my world I don't know why we have
all these earthquakes
I think it's cuz we're about to hit a
big one and then we'll all die just us
over here in this area so you guys don't
need to worry but uh Brandon's coming
over we're gonna go do some shit yeah
yeah we're gonna go do some shit we're
at the pier
Brendan and I we're filming hey hey
we're filming now we're playing the game
Brandon you want to take this okay I can
well
it wasn't simple you already hit that
one
already get a prize you need a good
price oh I got one you got two so we're
together
you ever get a pencil oh okay whatever
what color do you want
I don't tough for me you know I pretty
much wanted for you topside ah Green
Green sounds good cream do you know
about my blue laser pointer what if I
used it here I think we should bring it
back and have a little fun one of the
members of the a-team just came up to
say hi
you know I'm actually
I ran this but I suck from this game
I only recently gained access to like
the gym in my place I'm the only one
that could access it in the building
it's not big it's like just a few
machines and stuff
Oh Brandon you're working out oh yeah
but but I wanted to give you guys a
house tour finally so here it is I found
this in the closet it's like a model of
my place upstairs so yeah this is the
kitchen you can see there there's the
table oh look there's my bedroom and
then there yeah there you just walk
through that hallway in the middle there
I don't know if you'll be able to see it
there's a the elevator this is the
living room here back there is behind
that wall that's where I my computers
aren't I edit here's the master bedroom
I don't know if you could see oh look
there's the bathroom this is like a
shower thing right here and there's a
bathtub right there this is like the
easiest way to give you guys I would
show you like the roof thing on it but
the roof is so different here his I
guess the original plan had a jacuzzi
and now it doesn't have a jacuzzi that
bums me out nothing cool with the
jacuzzi but yeah that's I just found
this and I thought was really cool but
there's things in here that are like
different than how I think this is the
hell it originally was because in my
room there's a doorway in the back there
but there's not to go into the other
room the farther room but that doesn't
exist right now that's just a wall and
other room doesn't have like the
bathrooms on the other side I don't know
this is weird but I thought it was cool
you guys have never seen me not wear
black so this wearing shorts not even
with black jeans and a gray shirt it
looks like I'm about to go work out
except I'm actually Brandon's girlfriend
Hannah has a school project and she
wants me to make a video for her to
advertise Oh what was that a rat
what okay she wants me to advertise a
chapstick brand for her class so we're
gonna go make a video and apparently I
have to attempt to be manly or something
I have to look sweaty for this so trying
to miss some water looks like I spilled
on myself like an idiot you didn't even
click an idiot do that could I have this
much sweat you look like a child that
couldn't get his soup spoon into his
mouth and I call over the top of your
shirt doesn't look like sweat it looks
like you're sweating right here and then
you have a sweaty nipple you know that's
about it
not your other one though
using bender unis give you away okay you
got me wet and you got you can't roll
that I'm supposed to be filming like a
coming out of the shower type of thing
and wait I took off like it's just
feeling for like the knee down and you
know obviously it's just the video thing
whatever but how am I supposed to look
manly she wants to look manly when I
forgot about the other night what we did
and I have these pretty things dim how
much look manly I wish they would have
got to see you who realize when you took
your shoes off that you still had your
nails at least they look pretty
come on main street with all these folk
hi folks going on what's going on yeah
we went into a bar we just sit around I
didn't even drink not one drink are you
guys surprised not one but we just kind
of hung out and chilled nothing really
blog worthy so I didn't do that but
Brandon we're gonna go back to my place
and we're gonna they're gonna have man
sank we're gonna play board games no
we're not gonna play board games that
we're not having bad sex there's a lot
of ancestor twister to man sex no not
we're not you see them tomorrow tomorrow
we'll see them tomorrow see you tomorrow
it's a gay bar
what okay guys that's all I have for you
today that's it that's all it's done
finito finished over but
so I will see you guys tomorrow goodbye
everything's swinging just another
earthquake here welcome to California
