hey guys so I'm at work right now well
I'm walking into work hopefully I'll
have something to vlog for you today
that's interesting I don't know yet
can't promise you anything but hopefully
it's fan-fucking-tastic so let's let's
do this I'm back at home now and I
really know I'm gonna do I'm gonna grab
something to eat right now I'm gonna
make myself some food today at work was
good except halfway through the day for
some reason there was this there was a
strong scent emanating through the
hallways and it it wreaked of vagina but
not good vagina bad vagina very bad
vagina you bad stinky vagina I feel like
someone went to a vent to air out their
clammy vagina and instead when they
thought it would blow air to dry it out
it was sucking air to blow through the
rest of the vents to clean that vagina
and it didn't it just made the whole
office smell like clammy vagina
I don't like claiming vagina I mean
there's nothing better than a clean
vagina so ladies clean your vaginas look
at this guy's
I don't you could see everything
swinging just another earthquake here
welcome to California all these
earthquakes all the time just stop
shaking just stop shaking a little bit
give us a little break for a little
while everything in the whole place is
like swaying I wish I could see you more
here I'll show you this chandelier over
the table
everything is just moving around but hey
you know what maybe maybe was just a
party
that's this glad that's what earthquakes
are just parties shake it up I have
something very very important I need to
tell you guys so I just got an email
from one of the members to a team who
would like to buy shirt and she's buying
a good amount so that's why well I'll
tell you what happened so she emailed me
and my email address so you guys know is
all three words email Alex Mandel
gmail.com well a lot of you seem to
think I guess that the word email is not
part of it and you're just emailing Alex
Mandel at gmail.com well Alex Mandela
Gmail com is not my email it's actually
a man who lives in England and he's not
happy you know that he's getting all
these emails and I feel bad but I also
he said to me that he gets or she told
me she poured me an email he sent to her
saying that he's been getting a lot of
emails about shirts and everything and
that he said he's just been throwing
them in the trash
so I haven't been getting your emails if
you sent it there I'm so sorry I'm kind
of I'm like not happy to hear that
obviously because
a lot of its you know apparently people
want to buy the shirts people want to
support people are sending me messages
and he's just thrown it away I don't
blame him if I was getting tons of
emails for some what meant for someone I
don't know I'd be like what the hell is
going on I wish he would have I mean he
doesn't know my email address so he
didn't ask them what the who they're
trying to email but I apologized to him
for that and just so you guys know my
email address is all three words email
Alex Mandel at gmail.com so if you were
trying to email me and I never answered
I wasn't ignoring you I just
you weren't emailing the right person so
just wanted to make sure that was clear
I bet you guys can't guess where I am
right now
I'm not a Dave & Buster's all right
that's you know my sister Riley and cam
how's the gun good four digits that's a
fail
you gotta have some games whether you
have time off is this something I should
get from here this is this vid it's
spinning right it's a strap-on you think
I got my strap-on I'm at Jakes
that's me I've been drinking he goes
hard at the fourth quarter costume wait
but Brian I heard you were taking
advantage of this chunk earlier than us
kidding I'm just trying to throw them
under the bus on here no we totally shut
up you're way too late never ones like
leaving lemons gone pretty much it's
just literally I've been here you guys
saw the last clip and I've only been
here for like five more minutes and
everyone's gone that's I show up with
the party leaves people don't want to
hang out me what were you guys thinking
left because you showed up that's why
it's it's getting that's what I just
know you said you showed up it never has
the parties leaving no I said I showed
up in everyone left like I'm saying well
you know what saying our sister really
wants to go okay I'll see you later okay
my sister what she's dancing
she's been here before alia okay we're
going okay guys when I'm back over right
now and I don't really have anything
else to vlog so I'm gonna just go ahead
and edit this and then we'll have
ourselves a day tomorrow
cuz I don't know what else we would have
tomorrow if we weren't having a day so
yeah I don't know what that means but I
will see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
I just bumped into someone you may
recognize just bumped into me oh well
this is Jimmy I don't love you guys no
Jimmy
