hey guys so I have work today but as
soon as I got in my car I don't know if
you guys can see ya that red light there
says break and it says my brake pads are
low and I called the dealership and they
were like because my work is a little
bit far the way that you should just
probably bring it in and change it so
just pulling up to the service
department and got to get this baby back
on his feet yeah so hopefully they give
me like a loaner car or something and
then I can get to work but uh we'll see
we'll see i'm back at my place now about
to eat lunch before I head off to work
cuz i just got my loader car I'm driving
and day this is what they gave me
instead of my usual range rover but it's
only for today I think that they said
they'll be able to call me like later
this afternoon to go pick it up so I'll
do that but for now I have a car that's
all that matters I went to pick up my
mail and there was a letter in their
letters from one of you guys and it says
hey Alex I love your vlogs I watch them
every day when I wake up my name is Zack
and I'm 15 I hope to eventually turn my
youtube channel which is currently based
around gaming into a vlog channel like
yours sorry I don't have anything cool
to send you but I just wanted to let you
know that your vlogs make me smile every
day keep up the awesome work go a team
Zack a well Zack you do have something
cool to send me that was the cool thing
to send me thank you you just made my
day with this look and then he do that
awesome thanks Zack so you guys you
don't feel like you need to send me you
know he was saying I don't have anything
cool to Sonny this is this is cool
enough that's that that'll make my day
any one of those so Zack thank you so
much for sending that and yeah if any of
you guys want to send anything like that
which hey welcome to you don't have to
totally up to you I always keep my
address
in the description you can mail stuff
too so totally your call just there if
you want it but thanks again Zach that
was cool to read I just finished dinner
now I'm going to meet up with my fam
will not a fan of mice mom dad sister
not my whole family Jackie and my
brother Alex are not here but we're
going to get frozen yogurt
cookies and cream yogurt frozen yogurt
with her lackeys and Eminem many
Eminem's yeah you already finished
George you know I'm a baker oh did you
finish what you get
Oh
you guys all heard that right
okay bye sick ill see my parents have
the white ranger I got my black bag I'm
so pissed right whoa where'd my boys go
soap is right now because my the show
deal with it that I do with my dad I
mean I'm not always on it but I do with
my dad uh tonight's episode is with
Heidi Klum and it has Roman and Dennis
Pitta to Roman and dentists are hosting
one of the pranks and I was like all is
going to be awesome even Kevin Brueck
was like I'll come over watch it so I
went to go to start turning it on on
direct TV and directv has an East Coast
feed even though I'm on the west coast
so it's supposed to be out of ten thirty
and it had already shown at seven thirty
and I missed it see look I'm like trying
to find the time and it says the deal
with it Heidi Klum Roman Atwood and
Dennis road damn it I mean it'll be
online so i could i guess i could just
watch on like TBS calm or something like
that tomorrow or literature i don't know
what it's on but i'm pissed i wish i
watched it when it was like live well if
you guys saw it let me know how it was
in the comments just let me know if you
guys enjoyed it because right now i
don't have the opportunity to I just
bumped into someone you may recognize
just bumped into me oh well this is
Jimmy I don't love you guys go Jimmy by
the way I hate to call you out on this
but I did you see walking to the girls
bathroom together that was an accident
for control picture of a guy or say
camera w so how am I supposed no I don't
know i'm bout to go use the women's
restroom we're just having pizza before
we go back guys we're this is our this
is our meal this is our dinner before we
go out no this is a dinner appt went out
wit all the work thick and the dishes
are dinner before we go out do they give
a twitch this is why this thing or
dinner value well because Greg hats at
which is great isn't which well no we
just finished that bungalow we drank a
little bit i know i got work tomorrow
I've been responsible you guys can slap
me in the gonads but I'm gonna enjoy
some pizza and head home this can't go
on come on that's all I teach Alex I
don't before America he's up he's
teaching me his tinder ways no I wanna
know you do hey no you didn't we don't
give a fuck yeah you get all sorts of
self-conscious oh I can never straighten
out yeah I just utter cuz i was about to
like really tell you about trash it off
with no good zombie doing bro I wonder
you to the secret smith begins right now
all I have is
okay guys blood back at home my friends
left so that's all I have to offer
tonight today done plonk over yeah so I
will see you guys I mean I really have
anything else to do so I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye
