hey guys I'm out here directing another
shoot for break this one's a fun one
I'll show you why look what we're
working with today oh yeah today they're
on our team so come on LAPD let's do
this
can't tell you guys exactly what it is
but we're gonna be pulling people over
today and I'm gonna be riding in the
backseat which I can't say I haven't
done before
hey you're used to being in the backseat
I'm surprisingly I've never been in the
backseat of a school I have never been
arrested I actually never have either
I've been thrown on the hood but I've
never been thrown in the back but wait I
thought I thought chicks like bad boys
so I've been thrown in the back like a
hundred times I've been arrested at
least like eighty four times they think
something eighty four and a half yeah
tattoos I'm good looking at again just
shoot someone
we're gonna turn right on from some
points that
you know let's let's get in let's let's
have them turn by the coffee bean when
we see the coffee bean
we'll get this car here and then let's
give them a little bit of siren and then
we'll we'll use the loudspeaker to tell
him to turn see on this next street so
we can we can start doing it now I'm
tell them to make it right
okay telling to make a right miracle
right on AltaVista gym right
they're pissing himself
this time the cops are making people's
day I just posted an Instagram picture
of the cop arresting me and I'm reading
it and you guys like oh my god some of
you even said free Alex and stuff it's
funny we're just having a good time
sorry that I that I kind of a little
prank on you guys cuz we're pranking
here for break so we're having a good
day though that's people think for a
solid 24 hours that you had been
arrested yeah not cool dude not cool
hey hey everyone everyone deserves to
get messed with a little bit that's true
and listen guys you watch Alex you know
what he does you know what we all do so
you should have seen this coming
let's be honest so take your clothes off
and smile what are you doing in the
front what
apparently it's legal to be up in a tree
with high-powered binoculars spying on
neighbors
is it yeah is there any wiggle room here
is there sexual gratification because of
it I need to speak to my lawyer
I not gonna answer any questions I
believe with it see now you're in the
right place now you're in the back yeah
that's where you belong on your vlogs
like there's this one guy that all these
comments is Kevin all right it's Kevin
okay now he's gonna see this and yeah
Kevin's been drinking yeah thinking I'm
so wasted
really Kevin's always wasted and we're
done
we wrapped on today and that seriously
we shot like straight through till like
2:00 it's 2:30 now or something yeah and
then we're done now we're you get pizza
now we're gonna be pizza pizza party Hey
let's find an air horn
we went to the store because I felt like
looking pretty so I got myself something
we should change them to my dress don't
they don't care
are you gonna help me put this on yeah
okay we good done yeah we good
underwear pants
mezzo
Esmond next and line their SunnyD good
thing of silver these people are
watching this realized how many people
are actually in the parking lot right
now a lot of people
let's go have a good time Brandon
cover your breasts it's like midnight
here right now
did I really need to get a pedicure I
feel pretty bad huh I've never been here
no oh yeah it looks pretty right yeah we
want to get his nails done pink
so if you can't see my nail polish color
cuz I'm wearing shoes you got no puss -
I wanted to be the pretty one we
accidentally got two Pink's in a row so
we gotta put one more black over a pick
this is the way I wanted looks ugly I'm
so pretty and Brandon's back he ditched
me for a while through every penny for
you oh yeah he bought this for me thank
you that's what a man does for his woman
Brandon your girlfriend's gonna be
pissed
these slippers are great up there you go
and then we go put this one on oh there
we go slip right in
good time yeah but you like it okay guys
well I'm back at home and back to being
a man kind of I said I feel like more of
a man now I'm not wearing a dress but I
hope you guys enjoy this vlog kind of a
weird night kind of a fun it'll know
definitely a lot of fun yeah just
deciding you know sometimes we just have
those weird four nights but um I hope
that you guys enjoyed this and I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
