hey guys I am at work right now I'm not
at work I'm parked about to walk into
work I'm a little bit late because I
they closed off the whole street in
front I guess they're shooting like the
entourage movie because I know I don't
think they're bringing the show back but
I think they're doing that movie because
I saw I mean that's I'm guessing cuz
they drove the car past and it was it
had like a turtle and drama in the car
so I'm assuming that that's exactly what
they were doing but I'm about to go into
work now and I don't know what I'm doing
today just planning on because I'm
directing a shoot for them tomorrow so
we're just going over that today it's
Monday guys so it means that I got to
catch up on means I got to catch up on
the following because I like it and I
usually watch it with Jake and Angela
but I missed last week's episode so I
gotta catch up right now before I go to
his place and watch the new episode so
that's what I'm doing
god this is so hard that episode had
something crazy at the end but I got a
head two jigs I got like five minutes
till the new episode starts I gotta get
there head there now I made it we
watched it this episode was great if you
guys haven't check out the following I'm
not pushing it but I love the show and I
know these people of the show I do oh
yeah that's that's really good I
literally got here like they recap the
beginning of the episode before the
episode starts and when I walked in the
recap it ended and it started the new
episode which was good because I just
watched last week's episode sounds
perfect but check out the show I'm back
at home now and I you guys have asked
for something not all of you but you
know I I tried to to cater to each one
of you in different vlogs I mean I do
have a daily vlog so I get to some you
today some of you tomorrow tell me you
never depending on your request so but
today I thought it might be fun you know
I have to get
early tomorrow to go direct to shoot so
I'm not going to be doing any drinking
or anything says like you know what
though I will show them how to make a
drink with no alcohol and just a fun
layered layered drink that you can do so
I'll show you guys that the principles
and layering any drink is pretty much
the sugar content so for this I'm going
to be using three different drinks be
using cranberry juice blue Gatorade and
diet 7up
now I'm not a fan of diet sodas actually
but the truth is in order to make this
work that's the way you got to go cuz
cranberry juice I don't know if you guys
know but just this bottle here not
believing that big has 57 grams of sugar
is that nope that's 57 grams of carbs Oh
it also has 57 grams of sugar so that's
pretty this this bottle of Gatorade had
for the same amount of liquid has 21
grams so Gatorade is 21 cranberry is 57
so guess what's going to go on the
bottom this cranberry is going to go on
the bottom then you're going to get the
Gatorade and then for the lowest sugar
content it's going to go for a diet soda
to give it clear so it'll be blue red
and clear so see if this works I got a
big glass I'm going to put some ice in
there and then we'll give it a go I
don't typically make drinks like this
but I thought it might be fun to start
I'm going to put the cranberry juice
before ice just so that I don't color up
the ice with cranberry and then when I
put the rest the ice is College so just
to start I'm going to take my cranberry
juice I don't
the stuff anyway I'm going to take this
cranberry juice and pour it it's
probably good now let's add the ice here
comes the ice put it in slowly till
doesn't splash over I don't think we
like him
fin feed it and feed the ice I'm a
pretty Jew bitch I'm a PG second we want
to add the blue Gatorade
you can do this I brought out my spoon
that I normally late layer liquor with
but I think if I pour it slow enough
into here I might be able to do without
that so let's see just like over the ice
or something
Oh
there we go now let me add a little bit
more Isis I important now let's take the
diet 7up before the diet set it up over
it okay slowly
there we go
there you guys have it there it is
that is clearly red blue and clear or
you call it white whatever you want it's
a and it's no alcohol so kids everybody
you could try this one which I'm going
to mix it up and see what it tastes like
together because I don't know what
tastes like together so let's see I'll
take my handy-dandy mixing spoon oh god
I filled this it should turn like a
weird purplish color which is exactly
what wow that looks much darker on the
camera than it does in person it's
actually if you guys make it it's
actually a cool looking purple it's not
as black looking as it is on the camera
let's see okay let's taste this
it's actually okay it's actually a
decent drink that you cannot just make
because it looks pretty you can make it
because it tastes good do so kids enjoy
this make your layered drinks too and if
you want to experiment on later drinks
go ahead just fine look at the sugar
levels in juices in whatever and if it
has more sugar than something else put
it below it the bigger the drastic the
more drastic the changes in sugar the
better a layer so this was 57 grams to
21 grams of sugar so that was a big
thing so that's why the cranberry really
sunk below it so it'll work guys just
pour it over ice slowly so that a layer
but I finally gave you guys a
non-alcoholic layer drink so I hope you
guys enjoyed that okay guys well I hope
that you enjoyed that and I am trying to
bring you more stuff so if you guys want
to see some more things let me know cuz
on these days that I work it's kind of
too hard to give you like a bunch of
stuff I kind of got to give you these
one-hit-wonder vlogs type of thing where
it's like one beat like I'm showing you
a drink or I'm showing you this on the
weekends when I can give you more so let
me know what you want to see and I'll be
able to hopefully fulfill your needs and
desires that was creepy yeah so I'm also
talking to you like I am at a party and
there's no one here so let's end this
right now before I make a complete idiot
out of myself but I hope you guys
enjoyed watching this vlog today I gotta
wake up early and director shoot
tomorrow so and I'm definitely going to
vlog on the shoot tomorrow because we
got something cool I want something I
want to show you guys something
so guys until tomorrow I will see you
guys again
tomorrow but I it's a chocolate
no more
