two of the pink one in the stink how's
it going people is that better than hey
guys Brandon would say that I should
look Katie hi yeah she doesn't want to
be on it okay i figured i would change
it up from hey guys to something
different we're gonna start shooting a
new video today this one's actually a
prank and i hope that you guys enjoy
this one so we're just going to eat a
little bit and then head out to like
third street or something to start
shooting damn it i couldn't catch him he
was sucking dick ok people well i'm back
in my place and Brandon's got we should
we shot the prank now we didn't finish
it because he had to run off to work but
we will finish it sometime this week and
get it up and i'll show you some teasers
from that later around the week I
apologize for not having a vlog
yesterday for you but that's because I
was busy catching up on board games so I
hope you guys understand and just an elf
to do something fun I figure the katie
and i would do a fun challenge so it
involves all this goody stuff some ice
cream some chocolate syrup some cherries
nuts almonds and some sprinkles
I'll explain to you guys in a second we
had to make one more trip because we
forgot the whipped cream so now that we
have everything we need i'll explain to
ya this is going to work here's the
rules it is Sunday right now so we are
going to do the sunday challenge I can
make this up completely so this doesn't
exist but that's what's cool because
we're not copying anyone right now so
what we have here is our final Sunday
Bowl our ice cream or chocolate syrup
this we're going to put it last that
will be the whipped cream then you got
nuts sprinkles and then top off that the
top of it with a cherry perfect I have
two minutes to make it as pretty as I
want as good-looking as I want I don't
have to use the whole two minutes but I
have two minutes and I have a timer on
my phone and I'll set for two minutes
but once I do that once i finish this
then you guys will see the end result
and then Katie will do the same thing
and I want you guys to vote on which one
looks best that's why this is going to
work so we're gonna be good I'm gonna go
first pretty much cuz she said I have to
go first so let's do this I'm gonna hit
start when I'm ready and I'm gonna be
get everything is in order of what I
need to do so this is the final bowl
ready and
No
k use your hands that's cool
Kurt like the little ball
yep
I think that's that's religion into
chocolate
good more
good screen
whoa
oh did you could talk I don't know what
I'm focused I don't know how much time
you have left
it actually doesn't look that bad hmm
your face looks pretty good look at your
sunday right don't trip what are these
sprinkles yeah I'm hung up I don't know
its laws Oh Buffy ten nine eight seven
okay well do one smile hey so you guys
here here's my final result I don't
think that least I bed hey it's
definitely the best tasting challenge
I've ever done if you guys watch our
canned food challenge that Katie and I
did this beats it by far just because I
want to eat any more chub mackerel
writing it looks pretty good so here's
this one
so now you'll see Katie do it sunday so
sunday funday let's move this over here
you hit start when you're ready and then
I'll take it and actually let you know
the time and everything which you didn't
do for me sorry hey ready watch out your
hair's gonna fly in you can't fix it
with your hands so when you're ready
okay just push it Oh God Oh looks like
this yep your hair's already going to go
I can't it's what go go go you already
15 seconds in thank you go just stick
your face in see you're doing little
balls too
130 so crass it's ice cream now look
actually ate them Yates up go you you
got Ok Go yes Go so chocolates not it's
your discretion whatever you think looks
good still oh oh you got this whole
technique down but you got a minute left
that's actually really good you're
saying this all gross all the stuff is
amazing I am out of my gosh let's go you
have 45 seconds left kill just spitting
that go go sprinkles
you have 30 seconds left you can still
add more sprinkles and that's if you
want you're about to finish it right now
go ahead finish if you up yet 25 seconds
well go get 20 20 seconds left might as
well uh oh come on place it nicely at
least
and you got eight seconds left seven six
five four three two one well you can
hold that up you were spitting all over
it so this is checking on that here set
it down right here sat down right here
this is hers so you guys saw mine you
guys pick the winner I think I know who
it is that just saying let me just tell
you guys so I'm trying to stop timing
let me just tell you guys this was def
lq smile for me uh I don't know what she
was complaining about i freakin love
this challenge and if you guys just want
to set the two-minute timer and make a
sundae for yourself like this it's
actually a lot of fun I really enjoyed
it so sunday funday sunday challenge
that's that's what that's what just
happened Hogan guys what's all I have
for you I know it was kind of just like
a one beat sort of thing but today we're
shooting a prank so it's hard to vlog
and do that same time but uh I hope that
you guys enjoyed it anyway we were just
talking and she was like is this really
a challenge though Alex I was like I
mean I guess we're calling it a
challenge because we're challenging each
other but it's more like a competition
like I just a fun thing to do I don't
know you can call it a challenge if you
want it wasn't fair it wasn't a big
challenge to do it in two minutes I
guess maybe it's a challenge to make it
if you do like one minute but anyway we
have we have fun doing it regardless of
what it was so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching it and I hope that you guys try
it if you do take funny pictures of the
stuff all over your face and just send
it to me because I get a kick out of it
so I hope that you guys enjoy this and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
TV is my 100th vlog what and by the
100th blog we have already hit oh
there's checks but by the 100
