hey guys it's a new day today well I am
wearing a tank top and that's because it
is going to be like a hundred and two
degrees today at Coachella first day
never been get my cherry popped
Coachella cherry anyway we are about to
head out get ready to go there check out
Andrea she's looking good
I don't know what I don't know that
stances though what does it stance it's
like oh yeah
got that Pizza working for you Pisa you
know I'm like done Coachella so many
times glad like chest up for the queue
and look I'll coach Shelly okay
what's what's not coach Ellie about that
shirt yeah I think that that's more
coach Ellie than most people yes I'm not
just wearing any normal type of tank
I am repping a buddy it is mom or
bringing small more to Coachella because
because Ella could use more smile too
yeah you know yeah you you're the one
that told me a lot of people just buy
that coach a lot of you'll do fine at
Coachella so maybe we'll just bring more
smiles finally at our place our final
hotel I don't know that yeah well we're
going to be here for Coachella check
this out the hotel super nice look at
this
damn but we're only going to be here
we're not a Coachella this is like where
we do all of our pretty drinking and I'm
pretty getting ready are free I preach
I'm pretty jealous preach Ella a preach
Eleanor post chela happens here but all
that in the middle happens there
so we going to begin our preach other
yeah ring or preach Ella festivities
include rank you do everything in there
is like insanely expensive I don't know
that I've ever been it but I trust you
to a charter day so you want to get all
your alcohol on you now for the whole
festival that's how it works okay I
think we're going to get it even more
space just in case my whole process is
just trying to put on these simple
little respect
close you that don't know you cannot
bring any outside beverages at all into
Coachella so we would like to bring our
own vodka because it is really custom in
there but they don't let rebuttal yet
replied crafty ways to bring it in they
sell these little babies on Amazon and
they look like fun what the hell is
wrong yeah hold it out yeah we afford
these we're for they thought that yeah
at this point we filled it super super
high this is like right to the top and
that's that if they shake the container
they won't hear that liquid inside but
they also won't be able to see it
because we bought these which are the
protective seals that go on top show you
how we do that in the cap you just put
one of these face down into here then
you just carry on really tight and then
I'll feel about feels it yeah the
pressure from screwed on that tight
actually activates the adhesive on that
so that's what feels it so if they open
it they could shake it doesn't sound
like liquid and they see that it's
sealed so hopefully we get to bring our
puck down here's the top you learn that
yep so the feels much like a seal there
we go now it's sealed on it
perfect look at the tan on my arms it I
am whiter than white I really I should
actually using the face every I should
use your spray tan it's bright boots
in the news people I am gonna frame is
actually we should maybe like that's how
the show that is how white look at that
line Jesus nobody fine know you'll even
it out this again and then you'll have
another tan line right here perfect
I've been a go tell over the past like
three years and this is the hottest shit
I've ever seen it's really really a
hundred degrees and there's no breeze so
nothing and it's really bright but it's
gonna stab my shoulders
that's so you're going to even have that
we're just kind of security and we sell
out our good luck you guys you guys yeah
finally I was like really feel know you
really gotta like really feel
yes
there's no one here okay so I can't
hotel like two years ago and glass
animals are killing my favorite band
ever since because they were like my
favorite performance ever at Coachella
and now they're at the main stage and
there's nobody here because people are
ignorant when I was going on did I get
to be happy
I for one have never seen glass animals
perform live but she tells me it's the
other I'm not kidding and not that I
mean you know everyone has their own
music face and they're really really
good
I thought I closed all or even and it
would like
the Rose Garden I don't mean this in a
douchey way but I am really happy that
we have VIP passes because we're the
general mission bhaskar it is so
suggested and I get super Cox lummox in
having these open areas was great about
this area also is it like a lot of
people don't know it exists and a lot of
people avoid the Sahara Tent like it's
the plague which I totally understand
because it's like everyone's nightmare
but like if you can pass that in this
area my favorite drinks like all of
Coachella
like for life
oh it's actually a video ah but I think
I would give you is my favorite drink
ever there's a sofa
did
I love yellow tell which one of my
favorite people and I love them
how is it
how about that powder
you
you're famous
Hey
alright you got it don't drop it
wolf looks like nobody was vinegar chili
you seen those giant fuck appliance Alex
now only
got it
they go so far
oh yes
breakfast in bed that was the first day
I had ever experienced Coachella and it
was super amazing shit I loved it
this is her like fourth year so she was
like super tour guide showed me the
ropes and I am so excited today now we
need to have a little bit morning
recovery here the breakfast before we
get back into the game it will say that
the rest of the weekend her and I just
wanted like chill so we want to show you
what it's like over here but the rest of
the weekend we're doing positive long
tonight we're just going to enjoy it
hang out so with that being said we will
see you guys again soon
goodbye there we go there it is oh these
looks so good I'm really excited to eat
these
yeah
