hey guys i am absolutely exhausted um
editing last night i exported the video
rated for youtube and stuff like that
and something happened after i exported
and did the upload and it was like
corrupted on youtube and would work so i
had to do that all again and i was done
editing by like a little after four and
then I woke up this morning at
seven-thirty um ah so much for
yesterday's like refreshing sleep I am
exhausted I don't even know how we gonna
get through the day other than coffee
coffee and and more coffee and then
maybe a little bit of craic i'm home now
and i just realized something guys today
is my 100th vlog what and by the 100th
vlog we have already hit oh there's text
but by the 100 block we already hit
forty thousand subscribers 18 thank you
so for that first of all i think i think
i should get cleaned up i think i should
look nice for this so let's let's take
care of that okay yeah that looks pretty
good oh oh no we still gotta fix one
more thing okay rah there we go that's
more like it i think i would say so
myself so rough for the 100th blogger
looking old mustache brush fresh-faced
mandara sexy face man little mando mando
I'm Alex you're 18 we're all 18 let's do
this Wow
state water girl song this is really
weird how are not okay
we we didn't end up going out to get
wasted we did drink some yes yellow it's
asking for yellow we're gonna make it
we're gonna make maple bacon cake and
I'm gonna put a hundred candles on it if
we could fit for a hundred blocks one
pound of maple bacon cutting that shit
into 1-inch squares motherfucker let me
cut through this and cut it that way no
you can take it out I just couldn't kind
of thing why you cut your bags you're
the one who started this cut but that
was a good cut no it wasn't they cut all
the way through it did Jake what's going
over here to fire Oh cakes on cakes on
Bacon's on cakes right no no what I'm
saying useless rated me up I got my
hunting knife is it clean okay you know
what Alex you do it okay we got Alex
making bacon here yeah but it's not
bigoted strips it's just bacon pieces
that's why it looks like dog food looks
ridiculous this piece is peace is big
believe it or not this for a cake this
this is for a big fat man cake I would
be big fat man I'm gonna be fatter man I
would be bigger bigger fatter 100 blogs
done man hey guys so I'm taking over
alex's camera right now I'm vlogging for
him I'm gonna hang out and sit with Luke
right now or on Alex's vlog place okay
Anna cool hi 18 i'm blogging for you
Alex I'm taking over your duties
boom that's how we do it in this house I
have never cooked this much bacon at one
time pound of bacon it feels like I'm
cooking pastrami or quantity for a
picnic up by the way it smells like but
the recipe calls for it to be cooked
this way so wasn't all that delicious
bacon dripping up a cat that what's on
my 30 been made by the way it doesn't
look fully cooked we're only supposed to
cook it like three quarters of the
weight halfway to three-quarters of Lake
is it's still gonna be baked so if we
cook it all the way it'll be too hard
I'm too hard I me to look at all this
bacon yeah yeah but reduce go brute I'm
just so you guys know we do feed our
black people true okay we feed them now
go back to your cage got the maple syrup
cake so here no that's the cake down you
know papa cake here let's the way the
frosting here that's just butter sugar
and maple syrup don't just an eighth of
a cup
oh cool let's mix that in and frost this
bitch I told Angela not to forget the
candles and she forgot the candles for
the cake yeah let's do that on the
foster you spell out hunter with a bacon
you can't say hundred without bacon
right that's untrue why is that not true
of English you kidnapped right try
spelling 100 without the word bacon in
it I just did 100 I heard bacon I heard
bacon in that are you all that's the
second time so it's asking about testing
the first time they were serious and now
all of the 18 is gonna be like are you
sure he's not autistic not even a
quarter got some of that maple syrup on
oh yeah that's baked into it that's just
like that ooh that big inning let's turn
that over on here's Jeff asked yet but i
would put your hand like there's ready
doesn't matter she goes Kayla fix it's a
kids I've never get across them except
for the 100th vlog we're gonna get fat
you've even maple bacon even more fat
Angela says cuz she's I'm fat oh here we
go here's our maple bacon do we have any
get it cut it Bob yeah I'm not sure if
you know is there a glob of frosting on
the side there is it's okay so that's
for me I'm sorry that's up I'm so
excited oh I'm excited too I say that
hey fart breakfast for sticking by as
your face I want to see that I want to
see the middle of this something also
see it lets go of these plates are ya Oh
middle of it with that bacon inside oh
yeah buddy alright well never watching
Oh buddy hey guys I think we I think we
struck semen in cake form okay I'm
meeting semen right now she's like
whatever down taste it what do you see
Fantas fantastic 01 miles you say bite
it's on you you're on the blog right now
I love you bye you're right everyone got
a piece but me almost really good yeah
if you had to pick one sexual thing to
do to that cake what would you do I'll
eat it out either solution with my day
yeah what'd you do I shouldn't be said
out loud Oh Ted mood of all know your
wife means put your balls on my face
yeah that is no one could hear anything
going off camera it's just gonna be me
saying put your balls on my keys just
footballs my guys it saticon technolo
face two choices cake number super balls
my face yes I got you saying that now
not me just drag balls all over Alex's
face hey hey boom switchin elastic I
just want you to know what time we're
enjoying this game like 330 had me
slaving away at till three thirty in the
morning I make this epic case because
she did all herself i did and i have
work you think fucking balls I
ah ok guys that's all i have for you
today so thank you so much for
continuing all of this support and
everything I know that you some of you
probably wanted me to go out and get
trashed night I was happy for my
hundredth block just to hang out with
friends with good friends have a good
time mess around and make a maple bacon
fat fuck cake which we did one slice
felt like I already have diabetes for
three people anyway I had a good night
you know I don't need to go out and
drink and do all stuff i actually had
one drink tonight and I just had a good
time with friends and that's really what
these vlogs are about I'm not about to
go and plan something you guys go I have
an idea this is just a thought tonight I
you know you guys are going I have an
idea for what you could vlog yq flaw hi
enjoy just blogging in my life you know
I and if you guys enjoy that I I do try
to give you guys fun things don't worry
I guy I do things specifically for you
guys as well but sometimes like for this
for this occasion for a hundred vlogs
I've been doing it a hundred of them I
wanted to spend it with my friends just
do something fun that you know I didn't
want to go and have a crazy night after
working and not having a lot of sleep
this is just great and I was hoping to
go to bed early now it's 4am and I'm
gonna edit this so and i'm ranting so i
will see you guys again tomorrow creepy
goodbye you having a good night
I cannot a better one you got a better
one I'm gonna need some pussy to block
you didn't you need some pussy and blow
well you're in LA
