hey guys i just got to work right now we
got our last prep day before we start
shooting these pranks that I've Purdue
that I am producing and directing so
gotta just knock this out today and then
we're off to shooting tomorrow and and
I'm excited for it this will be this
will be fun it's a cool project for me
Lucas visiting office today making sure
you're working hard ya gotta gotta do it
you're making sure I'm working hard yeah
i see i don't think yeah what are you
working on yeah i'm working on this okay
it's just are you gonna shoot this oh
that's when we working on today like a
couple of them watch the instant replay
on that yeah just it'sit's that hip
thrusting action yeah I'm really good at
this pumping here not having sex with
girls oh alright I don't even know what
having sex with girls feels like one day
I don't mean cuz men I just mean I was a
virgin joke now Alex and I are saving
ourselves for marriage abstinence yeah
yeah soon as we get married n kevin and
i are gonna have sex we're saving
ourselves for marriage that's right to
solemn vow that we made and we're not
gonna break it for anybody ever at all
I'm serious okay I got a shootout rest
of my pranks okay and I gotta pretend
I'm working again do it I'll see you
good yeah I'm home from work now I'm
just gonna make myself some dinner some
lettuce cups lettuce wraps you can make
it with like chicken or pork the store
actually told me that they ran out I
want a chicken they ran out of brown
chicken so I got
a pound of extra lean ground pork I
would like chicken but it's okay so i
just i got the pork here and I was
cutting up some green onions for green
onions and that is about four ounces of
carrots so either like one big one or I
would do like 66 about six little ones
if you have those I just dice them up
I'm gonna make myself some freaking
lettuce wraps bitch look add this one
pound of pork boom and then we got a
brownie
by the way I put about 2 tablespoons of
extra virgin olive oil that's what your
browning it with okay let's add the
veggies in there now we're going to cook
this for another 2 minutes just let this
cook into it yeah buddy
now you pick whatever sauce you like to
go on it you could eyes can make your
own do whatever I think this one's
really good i like it because i like
asian foods but this one's just by Lee
Kum Kee and it's just lettuce wrap sauce
it's like actual sauce for lettuce wraps
so I only use like three quarters of the
bags i mean but i am doing like a pound
of meat so with so much i use
and a little bit more saucy stuff three
chords the bag mixes up you'll see and
now it's on simmer guys so you want to
simmer it at this point see it looked
like a lot of sauce but it's not
let that simmer and then and you're good
to go you can actually use the extra
sauce you have left if you want to put
like on top or something but that's
pretty much it for the lettuce part of
it I use an organic an organic living
butter lettuce what that means is it's
still on the roots and I just pick it
off the butter lettuce and then once you
pick it off you just put the meat on
with this chicken or pork whatever you
want and it looks like this so you just
wrap those up like like tacos and there
you go and they taste really good but
you guys can make your own sauce I just
like that one because it's easy and I'm
home from work and I'm not about to
prepare my own so there you go enjoy
that you guys should try it okay guys
well I had my dinner and realistically i
could go out and do something but i have
a shooting date tomorrow the first unity
of the show that i created and the thing
is is I have to wake up a little bit
before 6am so I would like to edit this
it's almost midnight now and so I'd like
to go to sleep and be able to wake up so
guys I hope you understand that I didn't
go out and do something crazy night
because I do live a normal life that I
work as well and so yeah but someone's
trying to call me on facebook anyway I
will see you guys again really oh stop
it stop it I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
