hey guys so this morning I got a
fantastic wake-up call at about little
before 6:30 in the morning we ourself a
good earthquake over here it's pretty
much like the next city over that it was
the epicenter of it was where it was
located and it shook the shit out of my
place woke me up it's never good to be
woken up from a deep sleep just like
shaking and everything and like you know
I only had one bottle fall over which
was cool the one from in my closet which
I just put it back up but when I went
out to the main part of my house all my
cabinets were open and drawers were like
a little bit open and upstairs my
barbecue stuff is things like fell out
of the cabinet there so put all that
stuff back but I'm fine everything's ok
it's not I mean we have earthquakes all
the time here this one was a little bit
bigger not as big as when we had back in
94 but this this was it was decent-sized
but I'm gonna now I guess I woke up
early got a good early start and I'm
gonna head off to work right now
what the nose that
someone's car it's a shoe it's a shoe
ah sometimes I wish I could drive my
shoes well back at home now clearly uh
but for those of you that haven't seen
today
it aired it's st. Patrick's Day year
it's a st. Patrick's episode st.
Patrick's Day episode on Ellen on The
Ellen Show but I want you guys to see
what was on it
today because my dad wasn't guest but
watch
Tigellinus offend everybody my son is a
vlogger Alex Mandel vlog if you go and
he's got a YouTube channel and he sells
t-shirts now that that's I'm using the
word he has t-shirts for sale so he
bought 10,000 he told me he bought
10,000 t-shirts because at a hundred you
get a break at 200 you get a break 500
he bought 5,000 t-shirts and he put them
in my garage wait wait wait wait wait
okay so I'm in my garage there's boxes
of 10,000 t-shirts and not unlike my son
I know you Ellen and a couple years ago
I was on the show and you gave me a
lifetime supply of levar so so I have
boxes of soap and t-shirt I don't have a
car in the garage
there's no room that's the garage that's
me in the garages
so there's t-shirts there's nothing else
in the garage but well you guys get it
if you guys want to see the full
interview there's actually more about
what uh there's a story about me and in
my sister's wedding and all that stuff
like that so if you guys want to see the
full interview I will put this link to
her video to Ellen's video from The
Ellen Show down below in description you
guys can check that out but yeah my dad
actually so you guys know the story
behind this my dad asked me for an 18
shirt which question really give it to
him and he told me to watch Monday watch
Ellen Monday I didn't know what he was
going to do say or anything the surprise
got ruined a little bit because the ads
that were playing throughout the weekend
for him being on it was showing him in
the a-team shirt so everyone was
messaging that to me like oh he's reppin
it so I thought he was just going to be
wearing it I didn't know he's gonna
mention and he actually told people like
where they could buy it stuff so this is
awesome so now all these people that are
brand new so if you guys are brand new
and watching this thank you for so much
for coming and thank you Dad for for
having them for telling them to come but
this is really cool it's exciting so
check out that interview well I was
Freddie keep time bran wah and we're
gonna wiggle
you guys already saw this a couple vlogs
ago but hey you can never have too much
we're going to Dave & Buster's arcade
time bitches wrinkles get with it
we found a machine here that just keeps
on playing it doesn't stop even if a
weird secret what don't give away my
secret well it's not good they're gonna
fix it but nice that we come here
tonight if I'm looking there's not one
flight right not bring over advice bye
boy oh boy
it just changes back to five and since
it hit zero
Brandon just won five hundred tickets on
the Deal or No Deal machine he got the
top case of course because I'm with him
right I'm playing this good kind of well
Felix hey come on pack it up
it's a little bit but each each one that
falls worth like eight tickets
yeah you got yeah Oh race will begin in
two one get ready go
this is hard while blogging
Oh player one wins the race oh I have
another ball what does that mean means I
wait look
you don't win shit boom bitches how much
use win um six hundred million dollars
612 tickets Vegas
all right you wonderful you want to do
it 50 God you guys are winning big here
I want to win big spread is stopping
stopping
oh you get on your hands
no no no if I bump my head
exactly let's go home and you smell the
stench of your pee it's bad bad to smell
like your fucking burps no no like this
is actually bad ah walk 500 miles and I
would walk 500 or 1,000 miles okay guys
that's all I have for you today so I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and
again if you want to check out that
Ellen clip you can below to see the full
thing but yeah so I hope that you guys
enjoyed this vlog and again I will see
you guys again tomorrow bye
no she's crying for you should have a
comment about to tell the 18 you're not
crying where you are just telling you
that guy I'm not crying
