hey guys I'm at work but there's a
little bit of a problem
where're you going
we're in the green screen room at break
doing auditions for actors that are
gonna help us prank these unsuspecting
people so we're just filming this stuff
you're out there's the set of screen
junkies you guys watch screen junkies at
all that's the set very cool yeah I
actually I didn't even know until you
guys started commenting on it I saw the
comments they showed Phil and he's you
know line producer for this and
everyone's like oh is that the guy from
the movie milf I said so I was like oh
they think you're this actor from the
movie milf and he's like I am oh okay
that makes more sense you guys are
absolutely right I didn't vlog much at
work today but that doesn't matter cuz
today's Friday and that means I'm gonna
go out I'm going out tonight I'm gonna
go to some bars on Main Street and I'm
waiting on some friends I never got to
celebrate Batali's birthday with him so
he texted me he's like by the way we're
celebrating my birthday tonight right so
I guess that means he wants to go
birthday hard not get hard on his
birthday you guys get it so he was like
have that whiskey ready or something I
figured out how sighing if you want
somebody's birthday a special cocktail
that I love and this evolved Woodford
Reserve which is my favorite bourbon
it's my favorite bourbon and this drink
so have you've been asking for it is
known as an old fashioned and it's
really good the only thing I'm gonna get
so much hate from those of your
bartenders this store ran out of sugar
cubes so I'm just gonna like you're
supposed to use actual sugar cubes so
you can muddle that in but
I just put some sugar in here and I'm
gonna scoop a little bit in with a spoon
oh yeah anyway so I'll just could tell
you because when Vitali comes to I'm not
gonna do an instructional but you'll see
us make it it's in a smaller glass it's
not a full-size rocks glass look at this
one of these they're smaller
you put one cherry one sugar cube and
one orange slice so a slice of orange
and I may even have those oranges that's
that's a big slice I'm cut those in half
but and then so yeah one short cube one
orange slice and one cherry and three
dashes of Angostura bitters so you put
three dashes of those muddle that all up
put two ounces of bourbon and stir it
and that's how you make a perfect
old-fashioned you'll see us enjoy it in
just a second but I said you were never
coming here yeah don't just start it on
you okay
I'm already blogging no I just showed
them how to make these I was gonna show
them the drink guys I'm talking to
myself no one's here not Vitaly your
card they're not here yet oh I'm just
camera shy he's not used to be on camera
he's a little bit against YouTube but
tonight we're gonna go out for Batali's
birthday and I'm gonna show them how to
pick up girls all right cheers guys
here's my birthday even though it was
last week but I appreciate you guys for
remembering me and texting me
I was very yeah I did taste you thank
you pussy
yes wait you know passionately it is
just no no cut that out it's not it's
it's not yeah it started until I became
friends with Vitaly
this is us has a minute in the beginning
of the night and says yeah this is my
face we'll see how he ends that walk
tally ones you with any code look - it's
a game done also what you can talk to
girls
3 out of 10 a time you want but when
you're looking for those 10 out of 10
you gotta wait your mother I agree I
agree you gotta find this yeah you don't
look 3 out of 10
I've been born top or no it doesn't say
that I'm fucking I covered it with big
you covered your people that make up
boys is when you drug the truth comes
out okay I actually keep makeup in my
car for that reason guys no I just had a
little bump you know I just switch off
whenever her Pete grows up on top of the
nose you gotta take care of that that's
why he gets on the nose you got to do
some how about we cheers and drink
cheers guys thanks for watch for
watching I don't know if you watched me
Alex or Roman more but I just appreciate
you anyway because you're there watching
me right now talking so appreciate you
thank you I appreciate you too let's
drink
this is just straight like scotch every
one of them we've got triples after
having drinks at like 3 or 4 drinks at
my place
true plus baby trip plus baby will play
a rap
hey what's up this is really hard to
vlog while I wait what are you doing
Italian I don't believe in drinking I
don't believe in ringing I just
I'm very sober right now so I don't
fucking believe you
we've been drinking for Batali's
birthday Vitali you gotta get up to that
bridge this guy sits happy get off the
car
oh the cup is coming here hey you told
me those your car what what day you told
me those are called no the compass
Thalia feel me bro stop he doesn't
refill him the cough is getting medicine
what no I just stopped it I stopped it
before he did that I promise no no no
I'm not gonna put you on that promise
yeah yeah what I am filming you know why
you won't make you do nothing with me
you were sitting on someone's private
car so that's no I wasn't
they don't want to be this madman she
look at her well she wants to pick up
here thank you so just got super pissed
at us for no reason at all where which
one no no this guy's cool yeah listen to
me I took over Alex's flog follow me
yeah fucking I got in your car I pushed
you God followed what you do you're not
gonna be shit just see it with this
woman she just wants to make us just
make out okay she doesn't wanna make out
so you guys just hey you guys just make
out what does that mean
okay fine you guys should just go
and I am okay uh you guys make out let's
do it go one two three go
BAM your boyfriend never see this you
just go fuck off can I just casually
fuck off no I can like traditionally
fuck off or like very casually no I
cannot fuck off you're not a boyfriend
you do know everybody around me called
me a fucking asshole let me keep this
camera alive for you one more mother
fucking person calls me rocky why she's
gonna happen come on no no I guess what
you know you don't even have to film you
know why Alex nothing's gonna happen
no she's coming up ya feel me no
you'reyou're not LA I don't care cargo
I'm gonna I'm gonna get I'm gonna go to
jail you are you gonna go to jail just
go I like this company is he coming yeah
just done it just once way for him to be
cool down no look look behind you look
behind you dog because hey just keep
walking ugh this girl fucking threw my
camera down on the street vitaly was
only saying like trying to be friendly
with her and she just like she doesn't
wanna be on camera you go you go yeah
okay this girl didn't want to be a
camera I did lay in her car all the
police excuse me I'm sorry I don't know
if Alex believes the source bitch you're
gonna police you're gonna wait and
you're gonna fuckin you survived like a
survivor like a real friend like a real
magician like a real true friend behind
the species I don't know what kind of
fucking species I'm talking about but
listen to me right now you talking on
the phone from your face listen to me
the specie you're talking about is this
is the species yes I did come after his
camera hey nothing's gonna happen if you
come to the club
should be ready to happen what's gonna
happen to you all I'm doing is just
chilling with my friend and I might get
in trouble or you're not it doesn't
fucking matter so fuck all these fucking
whores that you see behind me because
they mean shit
girls viewers I love you and you should
know that but they should behind me and
me shit losers that's what it means like
I am
realistically did nothing fucking sell
abroad he did nothing wrong
the girls like I'm gonna call the cops
no you fuckin okay
call the cops I didn't do anything wrong
this time
I'm gonna call the cops fuck your mirror
yeah she was like she's like oh yeah go
show it to your 600 subscribers with
Vitaly has millions I don't know this
girl just had she was freaking out she
broke my camera by the way she broke it
you guys are seeing this now but my
buttons on my camera are actually broken
at the end new camera and honestly guys
I didn't do anything I came over to have
fun with Alex calm I just came to have
fun and this girl was really really mean
to me if you're watching this fuck you
and I'm sorry to tell you that fuck the
cops if you're watching this - because I
need a shit wrong I love Alex Alex
Mandel vlogs that's what's up and if you
have a problem talk to me
not him be sound guys i'm vitaly got me
trashed and suddenly calm
what's up are you sober
yeah i'm very sober so I don't believe
that no I am what do you want to do this
do you like I want you to do you want me
to walk in this line yeah okay yeah
never gonna have it again are you
holding on I just take them out of this
is about to leave it's not bad good
thing why you looking at me look at me
look at me she got the refrigerator
watch this why don't you touch my blog
camera if you stop by anyone yo you you
want rough it's broke it down we're good
needs to be broken I'm for real broken
why anyone know realistically once
around yeah it's broken by anyone you
deserve renew what you want a bunch
another one no don't please they'll
punch it please don't punch it
yeah I really need another one now find
you I had it what do you focus on you
dog because don't feel me no guys I'm
done it he broke my camera it won't even
focus anymore and the girl broke my
camera I guess I'm gonna go guys
I'll see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Jake
and she is drinking in arcade like we'll
be here more often
