I found this in the desk I don't know
they are nerf I don't know who ever SAT
here last is having a good time this
snack room looks so plain look but all
the good stuff is hidden check this out
oh yeah stopped this is the other snack
area
yeah I want to coffee check out this
machine
all computerized
I want to show you guys why I feel so at
home here look at this wall this is the
main wall outside Andy's office is
director of programming look at this
it's it's perfect for me I want you guys
to meet Phil he's your the line producer
for this show so now we share this
office this office a little bit
cluttered right now look at this and
that they said don't worry we're gonna
put those all up on shelves and every
night that and you know wasn't a big
deal until everyone comes in every two
minutes to look through one of the
binders so we're trying to do work and
do Skype interviews and everything but
it is what it is we have an office right
doesn't that make you feel important
yeah yeah yeah they put us in the
storage closet let's see no no I suck
this is they don't shoot straight at all
now this is where you going Oh Jake Jake
going catch up we're at in and out
staple of Southern California oh yeah
best shit ever I with Jake and Angela
who and something brand-new opened up
right by me as sure a lot of you have it
close to you but check this out yeah we
finally got a dave & buster's I've never
been to one I've been to one but not in
not in LA cuz this is brand new for us I
don't I'm excited Jake Jess and just his
drinking in arcade the thing like we'll
be here more often yeah this is brand
new but we'll be here a lot
couldn't get better
okay try this to do this oh you saw that
I could actually like call my dad to ask
what I should do hopefully he'll be able
to help we should play I have
I have the same arcade system in my
garage we have a deal or no deal machine
shoes two cases number 10
yeah good okay choose one tape
14 in morning yes you feeling it funny
thing is to succeed how much is you off
you're gonna be
you know what you got to do do I have
the personal gain do i do you have 60
seconds in your case it already picked
in your case should have taken the field
we're racing it's mario kart eat your
dust i don't think so
I
now what Yoshi Yoshi
yeah i thought the mustache was fitting
damn it I got second Jake Angela you got
third I pass through the last second all
the way as an awesome game for the win
who just once
of course of course Angela sign the head
all i gotta count my ticket I don't know
how many there are how much did you have
Angela 672 672 I might have had 920 Oh
flatly I got 920 tickets anyone look
like it that cup don't slap me you know
what I know you know what I want those
guys what I want
of course
everyone needs a banana with a mustache
we got to finish off the games with some
fatness we're getting fat right now I'm
against matter this is literally a
mountain and food boom spinach dip and
not just look at these we got both these
was gonna be half that yeah look at his
hand to this pretty big hands hold your
hand next to that it's like a it's a lot
of food but gaming and fatness goes
together okay guys that's all i have for
you today hope that you guys enjoy my
vlog today I got to show you a little
bit inside the office which is cool and
then doing fun things rather than just
talking your ear off the whole time so
I'm excited Dambusters has opened up
location really close and so now we
could go drunken gaming more it was just
cool but uh yeah I am happy I hope you
guys happened this and I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye oh yeah
thank you thank you very much as your us
a nice as yours we try to get him out bc
happy good to see you smiling
