hey guys I am I just got to work so I'm
gonna go in and try to catch up a little
bit behind right now but hey that's what
makes it interesting I'd rather be
trying to work out this stuff and
sitting around and you know just okay
everything's taken care of what do I do
now so now we get to like work all day
so I don't know if I'll be able to vlog
at any point while I'm working I get
again I always try to but we'll see what
happens I wanted to work right now
because it's time for me to work I'm
back at home of course like I thought I
wasn't to be able to film at work I
think tomorrow I'll have some more time
where I could actually show you a little
bit about the office I hope I'm not
gonna say I'll do it and then I I don't
end up doing it so I hope I get to do it
tomorrow I'm back at home now and I got
I want to go take those moustache
cookies out to the homeless because I
think that would be great and it'd be
fun and homeless people deserve a cookie
moustache to eat and to enjoy I'm also I
got trying to send out shirts myself a
team shirts for you guys and it's tough
to try to do it all myself I think I
might have now look I'm you guys watch
Romans vlogs and I'm clearly not selling
as much as he is at all you probably
know we're even close but it's still a
lot for me to try to do who while I
haven't work and stuff look at this this
is my this is my kitchen right now while
I'm trying to get all these swords these
are all different sizes you know it goes
all the way from extra small I mean that
extras sorry small all the way up to two
XL and these are all the ones going out
to people so that's my kitchen taken up
now so I'm going to pack these up
there's not a ton here I just watch
Romans blog where just dump it out bins
and bins and then fold it up it's not a
ton but it's it's a lot for me to do but
you guys are killing
and I I love you for that and this is
all this means to me is not more money
that's not what it means to me this
means great this means people are gonna
be rocking the a-team it just means more
support out there doesn't mean one way
for me don't worry I'm not starving for
your money trying to take it but it is
it is cool to see you guys rocking these
and you guys are sending in pictures and
it's awesome so make sure when these
guys go out these shirts go out that you
guys send me a picture of you wearing
them and it just it makes me so happy to
see you guys doing that and tomorrow I
have a surprise with these shirts for
you guys so with one shirt one I'll show
you tomorrow if it sits it'll be cool
it's a surprise
I just noticed something so weird on my
on my YouTube thing I don't know why it
does this I didn't try to do it it just
happens to do this look at this so let
me let it focus okay my display picture
please focus there we go kinda okay so
here's the mouse right if I click on it
my eyes like open up for some reason
watch open why does it do that open
every time I click on it it like makes
my eyes look like that so weird I doubt
I've been focused right now but I don't
know why that does I just noticed it and
thought it was funny just gonna leave it
on you awkwardly we have the the
mustache cookies here guys look you guys
a song some of them are broken but we
have half a mustache over here we're
gonna bag them up and take them down to
3rd Street and give them out to the
homeless because homeless people need
mustaches too they're gonna get a few in
each bag taking them in my nifty son
life organics Bay that's like my
favorite smoothie place ever in Malibu
so if you guys are ever in Malibu to
check out Sun Life organics cuz that
used to go there probably like 2 or 3
times a day it's my favorite place to go
was also a loser in still em but we're
gonna go give cookies to homeless people
ye mustache cookies I'm doing it for
like that
oh yeah thank you thank you very much as
your as a relative nice as yours we're
trying to get mouth keeps me happy
good to see you smiling no there's
homeless people everywhere except for
when you're trying to look for them then
they're nowhere and one guy we were
gonna go up to him and hand it to him
but as we were gonna approach
he started masturbating so to a phone to
he to a phone he pulled out one that
eventually stayed up all his money just
so he can watch his porn to masturbate
but hey you know what maybe he deserves
a cookie for that so we've been looking
for homeless people and we can't find
any but we did find a rat yes but I
wasn't gonna give the cook any rat no
cookie
okay back at my place now that was kind
of a I was so weird because there was
like no homeless people out and I think
that it's because every so often the
Santa Monica Police Department like not
too often but they come out and they do
a sweep and they make all the homeless
people like leave the city it's kind of
terrible because I don't know where they
go so literally we walked for over an
hour probably found a total of four
homeless people that's it in an hour and
a half and normally they're everywhere
and then one of them accepted the
cookies the rest were like no no no
because they're told not to accept any
homemade stuff which I totally
understand totally makes sense because
it's dangerous and I would hope that
they don't because sometimes someone bad
may come up and try to poison them so it
is what it is I still you know I'm happy
that I made one guy happy made him smile
and yeah so I mean I did what I could I
have like four bags of cookies left over
so maybe I'll just like keep them around
and keep one with me keep them with me
in my car so I like that and if I see
any I'll give them out because you know
I don't even have to do on the blog I'm
just saying that's probably what I'll
end up doing but yeah it is booze okay
guys what's all I have for you today I
really wish like I could have at least
you know given out some more cookies to
some more homeless people I'll think of
some you know some more stuff to go out
I thought it was so weird that they were
not like you know even when Roman and
Dennis were here Dennis would always be
like dude there are so many homeless
people here and the thing is they're
everywhere when you walk down third
Street and stuff like that that's where
like they sleep at night so I went to
all the normal places where they're
normally packed and there was none we
had to walk blocks and we kept walking
the same thing and down alleyways and we
just couldn't find them it was so weird
so we definitely think that the police
told him to leave or something I don't
know but I wish I could have like
I understand why they don't accept it or
anything like that but maybe I'll figure
out something else that they are allowed
to accept and I could I could do that
maybe like beer just something to make
them smile I don't know I'll figure out
something but I hope that you guys
enjoyed that anyway and thank you guys
so much for all of your continuing
support you guys make me happy everyday
I will try to vlog tomorrow in the
office and you guys can actually see
where I work and I will see you guys
again tomorrow good bye
yeah there's nutsack the rest are
mustaches except you know Harry either
mustaches or Harry ballsacks either way
I got one of them
