hey guys so I'm back at work back to
work today I'm heading to work um yeah
back at the office I'm not directing
today I'm going to be start again
producing on the show I'm working on for
break and so I'm actually have fun going
back to the office and working on this
stuff it's a lot of fun I already
started looking at the comments you guys
are putting on the dancing with
strangers video most of you guys seem to
love it I love that some of you guys are
like this this is even this wasn't even
really a prank it wasn't supposed to be
a break and all this was like a
feel-good video I just wanted like you
know dancing with people to show them
that they could smile and have fun
anywhere these people are walking around
like you know whatever that walking at
the beach I need to smile so I made
everyone happy I had a lot of fun I know
they did that was pretty much like my
point of the video so for those of you
that got it amazing for those of you
that were a little confused that's
that's the point that video now don't
worry guys I do have pranks coming and I
hope to give you a prank actually next
week that way this week I gave you this
next take your pranking I just like to
give you a lot of a variety of videos so
they will be coming and I hope that you
guys Thank You Tube yes Thank You GPS um
but yeah anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
that and I'm Rhea working today I wish
there was stuff to vlog today at work
but we're kind of like behind on stuff a
little bit just because I was directing
that other projects and I gotta hop on
this and get to everything so we did
like audition stuff and I can't film the
auditions we did for our pranks like to
find the actress for them and we also
have to find the people to prank because
we're sending out like weird ads like
hey you know we're just looking for
someone for work type of things so that
people come in but we have a you know we
got to bring in the actors who are going
to prank them and every
that for this so it's just it's a lot of
work but guys I wanted to I kind of
wanted to to talk about something which
is that it I I love pranks I do and I
know that long you guys I've seen this
dancing one and and you know what I love
about it though is that it's not a prank
so don't get me wrong i'm not i'm not
trying to say i mentioned prank just
because whatever but it's not a prank
this one was like a feel-good thing but
even when i do pranks and i think i'm
gonna do prank for that for next week
and like to put on by the channel I like
people to be I think a prank it could be
you know make someone mad makes out of
that but that's not my intention like
even if someone gets mad I want it to be
able to flip around in the reveal and
they laugh and they could smile with you
and they're happy I like these happy
ones obviously there's going to be
something that people just aren't happy
and you could probably even see that on
some of my stuff that's already yeah but
I just feel that people I love that
people can just you know you could have
fun with them and they can laugh about
it and they can enjoy themselves and
they could I want people to be able to
party and smile and enjoy life like this
one you know even the dancing one
sometimes sometimes when i'm here alone
at my place i'll dance i know that
sounds ridiculous but I think it's just
it's just fun some people are so uptight
sitting you know doing nothing then
rather not look like an idiot sometimes
you should go out and look like an idiot
sometimes you should be a fool sometimes
you should do that just because that's
what keeps you you know keeps things
exciting keeps you don't have to be the
cool person I'm too cool to do this I'm
too cool that go ahead and be a you know
be a loser sometimes I'm the Biggest
Loser I know in a good way I'm weird I'm
awkward and that's kind of just what
makes me me I'm happy doing this I'm
happy you know some of you were like
well that was like offer like you should
have brought you know boom box to play
music for the people in that video so
it's not you don't need that I don't
need things to do that these people
weren't like oh my god that was the
weirdest
ever when you got when I got them
dancing and they were doing that and
everything they just after that every
person walked away smiling and laughing
and having a great time and that was you
know regardless of if that translated to
you guys which I hope it did it
definitely translated to them I walked
away smiling they walked to a smiling
laughing having a good time that's what
that video for me was just like I just
want to go out and have fun you know
some of these will be more conventional
pranks or people aren't typically having
the best time in their life and you know
sometimes things go wrong but you know I
a lot of you on YouTube unfortunately
now the prank world has has taken a turn
for we want to see you get arrested or
someone try to attack you or something
like that these are you know well I I
get it I get it they're interesting i
watch those videos too and you know what
it may happen to me in some of the
pranks but I'm all about you know a
prank should make everyone laugh
hopefully including the person you're
pranking when when it's revealed so
that's just my take on it I know I'm
going to contradict myself with some of
the future videos you know I'll do some
that are fun I have fun doing either way
mess with people whether they're angry
or not but I do believe that that people
just need to learn to laugh a little
more and enjoy themselves and be and be
an idiot sometimes be a loser be awkward
be don't be normal don't be that cool
normal guy that's too cool that says
look at that idiot over there making a
fool of himself because you know what
that fool over there is having a great
time and you are wishing you were having
such a great time and that you could let
go of your cool ego and just enjoy life
for a little bit so that's just my take
on it but I will bring you guys future
videos not all of them are just going to
be regular feel good videos like that
they will be pranks I'm just I figured
I'd voice my my belief in that in that
realm and that I know I think people
just need to learn to have a little bit
more fun and enjoy life
I just got back from the store and I
wanted to do something kind of cool kind
of fun for you guys for me it's 15
minutes to 1am so I'm actually really
tired and I want to go to bed but I
gotta give you guys a blah blog and I
gotta you know it's just like okay I
just ranted 45 minutes before and then
and then go to bed sorry guys you guys
got a five minute rant that's it I
actually went and I bought a shirt
cookie mix that I need all the stuff I
need to make sure cookies right now some
of you like well cuz I did the baking
ones before and I made them from scratch
other other stuff like that we've made
this is not from scratch that's because
I don't want to make something from
scratch right now right before one I am
but I want to make these cookies because
my mom got me these these cookie cutters
look at these how cool are these so what
you do is you cut the cookie like that
and you turn this around and it has the
imprint you imprint like the texture of
it and you make mustache cookies only
two of these are really valid for my
mustache I think I'll only be using this
one and yeah and this these other ones
are cool but they're totally not my
mustache and Anna I've never made these
so I hope they turn out okay I was
looking for a bowl to put the mix in and
to mix it in I don't I don't have one
right now I don't have big enough bowl I
need to get one remember guys I'm still
kind of new to this place so I haven't
really i don't have everything but I
music that is because it's fine I can
mix it in this I'm going to pour all
this
well I probably should have got a bigger
one whatever that's fine who works it's
okay tablespoon of flour there we go
kmix that flour into the cookie mixture
this is not a big enough hole at all I'm
come on and I'm trying to block this
guy's I'm failing hard now I got to add
one egg and I'm gonna try to vlog while
I'm doing this I gotta break the egg
one-handed which I'm sure me Lana you're
like oh I could do that I know if I've
even tried to I just kind of normally
use two hands hey this we can just give
it a go right how hard could it be ready
Oh BAM who just did that right there hey
you egg you go there add in the soften
butter let's do that go in there butter
one third cup guys I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna put the camera down and do this
cuz there's no there's no way I'm i do
so whatever whatever let's do it let's
do this let's do this oh yeah oh yeah
one-handed this is just sex a little bit
of a mess later and I think I think
we're good so I'm going to put this here
and then I'm going to roll it out just
on my counter here so take some of this
and just do that so this is the way it
works you take this here Press that down
let me turn this around
look at that let's see if we could get
that out oh no no guys this is so hard
to do with one hand okay oh no I'm
ruining it I think it needs to be
thicker that was a really thin part i'm
going to reroll it back to a quarter
inch
oh yeah that's much better let's try it
with even just a lift I'm sure cutter I
do
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah there we go how
do we get this up though
damn it okay I think this is going to be
thick enough let's see try this
yeah this is the way they look now you
take this side you press it
come on come off boom there's a mustache
some are better than others but I think
it looks good I'm pretty proud of these
mustaches they're they're great I'm
going to take it over here it's at 350
oh you steamy oven steamy hot Ted want
to put that in there i'm going to set a
timer on here just for five minutes boom
water break
that's a good age to oh my god who still
thirsty I think these turned out pretty
good there is one that's just ridiculous
what is that what is that that kind of
looks like a nut sack 00 out of focus
heaven focus no come on focus on
something focus on something ah there we
are yeah there's nut sack the rest are
moustaches except ya Harry either
mustaches or hairy ball sacks either way
I got one of them one more around the
cookies that did these I stuck to just
this type of my stash I found that the
other ones came out like hairy ball
sacks and these ones are pretty good and
then for the final one I gave it some
curls why not so let's see if those
curls hold up if they do I wish I would
have done that to all of them but let's
uh let's get these ones going come here
cookie babies let's do this cool water
break number two
ah so good at jewel again I was going to
walk around in santa monica and there's
so many homeless people out and i was
going to give them all mustaches because
mustaches make people happy and what
better than a mustache that actually
tastes good because mine after a full
days of eating when it stores everything
I eat my mustache it doesn't taste very
good so mustache cookies do so it's a
little late now it's after two but most
likely if you watch tomorrow's blog
after work maybe I'll take them a walk
around and pass them out give them some
cookies some mustaches give them they
need some mustaches in their life ok
guys that's all i have for you today i
know that i didn't really go out too
much i had a busy day at work and
literally when i got home i didn't says
before i went to just like sit on my in
my room for a second I'll bed and I fell
asleep until like almost 10pm I was so
exhausted so I was like oh no what do I
do for the vlog I didn't go out and do
anything these guys I can't rant forever
I did that like five minute ranch I
can't do that I was struggling I went
unlike pinterest to typed in like things
I could do it I was like oh I've cookie
cutters and stuff like that and then I
was like you know I could just make
cookies for the homeless like that would
be great that would be something good to
do like why waste my time on something
pointless when I could do something to
help so now it got too late I couldn't
take it out but i'll do that tomorrow i
hope that you guys enjoyed this vlog and
if you haven't already go check out that
dancer with strangers video just because
that makes people have it but i will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye hey at
least wretched oh that just scared me
you're my boyfriend for like two seconds
you thought i was your boyfriend I was
just gonna stretch with you yeah we'll
just
