hey guys i'm at venice beach right now
with Brandon hello and we're going to be
trying to finish up the video we were
doing yesterday i'll show you guys some
teasers as we go i guess i'll see what i
could do but yeah there's some bunch of
people here we're gonna have a good time
and let's do it i was gonna come stretch
with you are we not stretching thank you
you gave up you got it you keep
stretching you don't want a stretch you
want dance not really oh thank you I
grew up myself thank you you won't dance
thank you he might be you want dance hey
come on cool you know your dancer you
don't want dance it's okay I'm more used
to getting turned down hey Lily stretch
it oh that just skip it that you're my
boyfriend for like two seconds you
thought I was your boyfriend I was just
gonna stretch with you here we'll just
what what about the bus would you ever
do is you ever do this never do this try
it do I give a shot you do the shot just
try it one for a little bit look at you
could use your arms to look you can do
push-ups
hey but it's just covered in a little
bit thank you know look it's weekend oh
you get like like points for this no
just a YouTube video hello
I think we pretty much finished the
video i made a really good shoot day now
we're just getting some food I've eaten
all day and I'm burnt I think I don't
know how Oh God you can probably see
that holy hell that's ridiculous I
should have wore some love but yeah now
we're just eating food got that are you
laughing my burn off your nut burn yeah
I don't think about that uh I'm gonna
get skin cancer i'm back at my place now
and i am in pain that my shirt is
hurting me even just to keep on here I
feel like I'm just like wearing a tank
top regardless of having one on or not
next time lesson learned I will wear
sunblock when I do that ow I need to
like take a bath and a low this is this
is so painful guys okay well that's all
i have for you today i hope that you
guys enjoyed the extras and if you've
already seen the video on my main
channel which is just youtube.com slash
Alex Mandel that's the first of many I
know it looks like I a lot of you are
saying like how come you have less
subscribers on your main channel than
your vlog channel that's because my main
channel is pretty much been frozen for
months like I don't do anything on that
that was all for fun you know like oh
I'll put up a video I'll put up a video
the vlogging has really been like my
thing like do it every day but now i'm
going to try to give you a main video
every week on the main channel I'm gonna
attempt to with work and with everything
vlogging and main channel stuff this is
going to get crazy but guys I hope you
enjoyed these extras and if you haven't
seen the video yet go check it out I'll
put a link at the end of this video so
you can check it out and in the
description so guys I will see you again
tomorrow goodbye
