hey guys there's so many people out
today it's the LA Marathon yeah look
can't even get anywhere I'm trying to
meet up with Brandon and then we're
going to probably grab lunch and go
shoot a video for my main channel but
I'll tell you about that in a few hey
cow stuck made it how's it going how's
it going oh my god there's so many
people and everyone's walking so slow
we're gonna walk over here now oh really
yeah oh yeah you buy me roses oh yeah I
did cool great now I have to buy you
roses bragging sisters actually running
in the marathon today so we're waiting
on her when is she gonna be here branded
we've been waiting like eight hours been
waiting already she's gonna be wobbling
in just a couple minutes got couple
seconds she sees Arizona street yeah oh
so she's a block away yeah so she's
about to be here cool I just got pooped
on the page I know Oscar
I feel so lucky this is just just coming
up now she already finished you just
walk it over this area they don't let
this year they're not letting anyone
even go to the finish line because of
what happened in Boston so there's like
a separate reunion area you can't get to
where the finish of the LA Marathon is
which i guess is safer but here she
comes she's come right now your sister
finish last one to the car buys lunch
move when just one sex nice way red and
I are going to go out and shoot for the
main channel but we're getting some
drinks first because it makes it more
fun to shoot that's just water but yeah
we're getting shots shots on shots yeah
we got the main camera ready to go and
we're gonna we're going to set do it
make it magic magic
thank you hey to a good shoe that's okay
it's video just a good sear circuitry
Oh
how's a lot akela
let's do this I can't wait to show you
guys what we shot today it was really
cool we are going to go out tomorrow
right we're doing it tomorrow all day
tomorrow try to get some more reactions
a lot of fun I know some you're going to
be like what are you shooting I prefer
not to tell you yet I wanted to be like
surprise and i'll put some like extras
in the vlog as well but it is it's it's
good fun and I enjoy it and I feel like
I look pretty sexy in that video Sasha
you guys you guys will look for I mean
I'm looking forward to showing you guys
but yeah I think we're gonna go grab son
eat at a deli cuz I like tennis this is
what makes me happy you got that Norm
even cabbage right that's right
boom yeah more beef and pastrami and his
sandwich owns an organic corn beef and
pastrami typically we got four different
sandwiches hey that's cut into forest
okay guys I'm a little bit fat I I know
okay guys well Brent and went home and I
am tired actually right now the tire so
I think I want to get some sleep I would
normally have work tomorrow tomorrow's
Monday but because i worked on saturday
I'm technically allowed to work the five
days a week for the company I guess
something like that so anyway so I'm not
going into work tomorrow I guess I'm
still doing some work for it at home but
we're going to continue shooting more
stuff in the video we did today tomorrow
make sure it's a great video and I hope
that give you some more teasers to in
tomorrow's vlog as well as we shoot that
so it's a fun video a lot of fun and
yeah so guys that's all i have for you
today i'm going to edit this put it up
and yeah i will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye my poor slowly for me
yes
Oh
