hey guys whoa your stomach is growling I
know it's a mine that's definitely it
wasn't mine uh uh I think it's a phantom
tummy grumble grumble grumble anyway
guys today is exciting it's uh not only
because what she's about to do but
because of what we're gonna Shane a
little bit but what are you about to do
what I'm about to you know Coachella is
coming up yeah I'm going to do some self
tanner
we're going we're goin sunny enough to
pan yeah so I'm gonna so she's gonna put
on some fake tan and hope she doesn't
look like you know it might come out
Warbucks I've never used this one before
yeah about look at orange you guys would
be awesome is it bad that I'm kind of
hoping it's a little bit of like I know
no this is a really good brand though
okay
I think it's gonna be okay oh is it not
a spray no it's a mousse mousse look tan
booze honestly like I'm a little scared
and I don't want it to get ten whoa like
you're rubbing feces all over yourself
yeah you look great you should leave it
like that
so you wash it off so I'm gonna look
like worse right now and then later on
and then wash it off it'll look better
maybe I won't who knows I think it's
time for another haircut and beard trim
and everything and definitely at this
point just a shower I just went to the
gym not too long ago and I feel gross
just need to freshen up just like real
quick
not to claim we have to go run and get
stuff for Coachella I think it like
Target or somewhere we're just gonna go
to the mall I'm sitting in the car
waiting for Andrea she's also gonna look
extra brown because she just put on the
ten or so oh I also with Riley our
secret sister she's coming along too
so we're just waiting on Andrea and then
I will head out why how nice it is to be
a Joyce oh my god you're so dark yeah
maybe just that light to make you look
through the day you look super dark okay
oh my god
it is so dark I mean you're really like
you know on camera
you actually look totally fine kinda
like your feet I mean oh no you get to
see the sandal tan like already
we're going into tosche a Tigers hello
Alex
relative
Oh
I definitely grabbed one that's running
out of battery oh now we are actually
already--you washed off all your tan
well I mean you just washed off like the
stuff and now you just have like this
nice glow yeah she looks so nice and
read and you did your hair they did yeah
I got I got the haircut that I would say
I need and got my beard all trimmed up
so we're all fresh yeah we're set
and we're actually set for something in
particular well I mean one we just
wanted to look good cuz it's nice to
look good but we're actually visiting a
friend right now I'm gonna do a video
with him we're going in to see mr. Josh
Elkin which means we're getting some
good food to all this food here and look
at you you actually like us like a setup
professional cooking show yeah this is
do we we said hi just not on the vlog hi
this is the oh it's this say what
cameras will I use this from bureau for
mural because it's good all my shadows
and everything too
we're in the middle of our taco making
but alex is amazing oh my god oh it
looks so go my god that looks so good
what's in this one this is like talk of
me pico de gaia cheese salsa no can go
in there no no we made our own
oh yeah there's no people there's no if
you go in it but we didn't make pico he
goes for later it's for the it's for
when we kept when we flip the bowl we're
gonna garnish yes we can salt baby pico
to season it up cheese now you have a
lot of cheese so if you wanted to use
more cheese like I'm again I'm not as
big of a cheese fan as Alex's so you're
the leader that's why okay
if anyone wants to use all the cheese I
think Alex should be allowed to I am so
cheesy I mean like a cheese lover
alright there's mine
are you excited I'm so excited I'm gonna
put the whole bit is not - but I'm doing
it as like more like a garnish okay see
I wanted mine to like baked in there
with it I thought that'd be that would
be a good Micky Josh appreciate that
we're just doing different things we're
doing wrong with that wait he's getting
it
that whoa no that's not why do we keep
making that mistake that doesn't work
you though you're right so I use the
paper towel it kind of helps there it is
ooh these looks so good I'm really
excited to eat these yeah we've just
been going to ham on these these are
this is so good this the camera is not
even recording anymore we're already
done and we're still standing you're
eating this I just like the way the
Lighting's good I just went I like
folded mine over grabbed it did all this
stuff Josh however is not a vlogger so
this doesn't go up tomorrow because he
puts more production value than we do
this video that we're recording here
with him is actually gonna be a I'm not
sure wet but I will definitely let you
guys know so you can check it out but it
will be hopefully soon after leaving
Josh's we went back packed for awhile
just kind of got everything ready really
boring stuff to vlog so we didn't do
that but we headed out really dark in
the car and we are now at a first
location which is not Coachella yet
because that starts tomorrow since again
early start we're staying at a hotel
well a casino actually along the way so
that we're only like a half hour from an
actual hotel so we're at morongo casino
right now it's so pretty are you just
dancing yeah well we're this is what
we're gonna stay for tonight until we go
to our actual hotel and we're staying up
for the rest of the weekend tomorrow
you tired I think you need to go to bed
there's a little card things love these
you can sleep like that
it's a nice hard ledge right there yeah
I'll just take this is like enough room
for me right here it's like that but
that being said we are done for the day
tonight we're just gonna go to bed
because we have a long weekend ahead of
us and you guys get to join us fun
weekend yeah a very fun weekend actually
I have no idea I've never been
she's been he's never been I've never
been to go telly you know that your
first weekend your first time it's
always the best time yeah so this is
gonna be our first time and I'm excited
you have to show me the ropes
pop your intellij so you can pop it yeah
I might bleed a little anyway I we I'm
uncomfortable now yeah we'll see you
guys again soon good bye
after the last one I am so scared to
film this but it is okay I just don't
want people in my face oh my god it flew
right next to my face
