yeah guys we are at the coffee shop this
time you guys saw him yesterday right
Universal at a coffee shop and this is
the last day of shooting with John
Bailey the epic voice trailer man and
today he's going to be calling out
people's coffee orders or tea orders or
whatever they want and it's super ending
so fiction coffee maybe hawked perfect
so we're hiding out like all these
cameras here there's GoPros everything
and cameras
up here
see that's a lot of fun we could we
could kind of like if we think is
something funny to we could tell him
here he's got a hiya feat is here he was
like an earpiece cell show show show you
guys talking about lil earpiece in there
have been in Alex or in my head yes
Kevin and Alex just gave him head so we
know we're in his head we're in his head
nobody gave anybody ways not what I said
that'sthat's not what he said last night
I believe they call it a Freudian slip
okay yeah I call it a dirty sanchez
that's what i call this yeah but I call
it Bobby's world all grown up gypsy the
younger viewers are gonna be like what
the hell's bob is Bobby's for what
they're gonna be on yeah look up what up
what up man yeah 65
yeah it's still great all right we
strapped on john bailey for our final
shoot that's good stuff that was stopped
fantastic the most action-packed way you
can order a coffee yeah just remember
what are they gonna remember to
subscribe haha okay watch alex is gone
and yeah maybe you'll find out what
Bobby's world is I think they're well
America's Got Talent but Alex doesn't
his dad he goes wait I have one more
thing I want to say to your blog and
just to tell you guys I have no talent
you know that everyone's now gonna agree
with you just cuz the haters alike yeah
now that you've given us an idea of what
we can hate on we don't have to come up
with stupid thing but he does it epic
mustache I'm off work now i'm heading
back to santa monica and back home um
it's about two o'clock so we finished
work pretty early today which is cool
because it's a Saturday and no one
really wants to work late on a Saturday
but uh yeah and I had to be at work
today this morning had to be it's like
pretty far away 45 minutes away I had to
be here at work at seven thirty in the
morning which isn't terrible during the
week but on a Saturday it doesn't feel
very good so yeah but it's always fun
working i enjoy doing that that's why I
don't really care to to wake up that
early to go do that but I'm gonna head
home guys you saw last week in my vlogs
that was raining and it was it was just
cold out and everything in LA which
doesn't happen often look at this Oh
needs to focus super sunny I want you to
see temperature 80 degrees it's about
147 so almost too but 80 degrees here I
hope I'm in focus now that I just
focused on that but
it's so nice here uh I'm gonna enjoy my
Saturday it's a Saturday night and i'm
at home and i'm trying to call a bunch
of people and everyone is kind of like
not really doing much everyone's kind of
stay in it which is so weird for
saturday but this is like my night off
from work this week i wanted to go out
but instead i can't so i figured i would
stay here and show you guys a couple
more because you guys i've seen the
comments you guys love the mixology
stuff i'm gonna do some i'm gonna make a
couple layered shots for you guys easy
easy layered shots because i know you
guys love it and these are really good
some of my favorites so check them out
we're going to be making two shots two
layered shots because they're much
cooler when they're layered and the only
liquors we're gonna need on the course
we're gonna need for this kahlua
frangelico Bailey's and Grand Marnier
now all of those won't be in each one
there's going to be three in each one so
i'll show you what they are and i'll
tell you what the drink is but these are
great this first one is called a 747 yes
just like the plane and it is a coffee
based shot just meaning there's coffee
liqueur at the bottom or Kahlua so this
one is going to have these three
ingredients kahlua frangelico Bailey's
it will not have Grand Marnier get away
from here you fat bastard anyway so what
we're going to do for this is we're
going to pour some kahlua to starch hey
it should be good now guys remember to
layer a drink you got to use some sort
of spoon the back of a spoon doesn't
have to be a bar spoon like this but as
you're pouring whatever you're pouring
on the back of it start to raise it as
you're pouring so that you don't mix the
liquors and it will layer perfectly the
next we're going to be adding to this
frangelico which is a hazelnut liqueur
so first one was Kahlua just coffee then
hazelnuts let's
look really watch much angelica where
you are you coming yes I'm coming down
are you having me this am you right now
cool that looks good he'll hold one of
you is the final one final greeted will
be baileys irish cream we got coffee we
got hazelnut and we're going to get a
little cream that black line you see at
the top is just a reflection of the
bottom that's not extra clue at the top
yes let's add the Bailey's baileys irish
cream pour slowly for me yes
cool there you have it guys that is the
747 it is copied it is hazelnut it is
creamy baileys irish cream so this one
is a really good drink it kind of hangs
it out that Bailey's hangs down a little
bit into there cuz it's heavy but I
loved the drink I mean doesn't it just
sound good it's definitely a drink we're
trying guys make that try it let's move
on to the next one this next one is
called a b-52 which is very famous and
surprisingly also named after it's named
after an American bomber airplane so
these are both kind of airplane drink
some 47 b-52 totally didn't plan to do
that just kind of happen that way so
i'll show you how to make the famous
b-52 the ingredients are we're gonna
knock you out I mean we're gonna knock
frangelico frangelico you can go over
there and masturbate Kahlua Bailey's
Irish Cream
top it off with some Grand Marnier
that's it let's grab ourselves a new
shot glass you over here shot glass come
here it's your turn let's add some
Kahlua yeah buddy now let's add some
Bailey's yeah honey come on babies you
can do it oh yeah now let's finish this
off with some grand money which is a
citrus liqueur you could use other ones
but don't be a cheap bitch use Grand
Marnier come on
that's cool
there you go there's the b-52 you got
Kahlua you have baileys and you have
grandma yay now let's put this down the
hatch because this one is also a great
trick good shot
a pool of the grand monday is a little
bit stronger that tab on top ah no it's
good guys it's actually an easy to drink
to take down the sweet drink it's really
good guys when you get into these coffee
drinks some people like well if it
tastes good it must be for vaginas only
know guys you go home and drink you
drink your coffee in the morning yeah
cuz you're a man so you could have these
girls it tastes good so it's still good
so four guys and four girls you could
both go out and enjoy your 747 two b-52s
and you could still feel like you are
drinking a nice good taste and drink
ladies and guys you could be like hey
I'm not drinking you know a wet pussy
shot or a blowjob shot or a buttery
nipple yes those are all shots I could
show them how to make how you how you
can make them in future vlogs buttery
nipples are actually amazing it really
are but those are drinks that you make
it home and you drink in private so that
no one so you should do that but they do
taste really good but I hope that you
guys enjoyed these drinks I will bring
you guys some more drinks periodically
maybe I'll start like an extra thing
where every Thursday or something I'll
do like a thirsty thursday i'll do
something i don't know if you guys can
come up with a clever name for some sort
of drinking segment I will do it because
I think it'd be cool to have it on going
and you guys can learn how to make these
drinks i won't i won't even always have
to do alcoholic i know a lot of you like
can you make drinks that are not
alcoholic yes i can i can make cool
drinks like what is that you can make
different juice cocktails you could
juice as you do whatever you want you
know um so i will mixed up with alcohol
or not but if you guys come with a
clever name for some sort of drink day
that'd be cool and if you guys enjoy
this if you don't let me know if you do
let me know actually if you don't i
don't care i'm just kidding but uh yeah
let me know and i hope you guys enjoy
this drinks if you make them make sure
you take a picture tag me and I'm on
Instagram or on Twitter so that I could
see them and i will like your pictures
and everything because i'm happy that
you're making things that I inspire you
to make so go ahead and do that guys try
this I hope you guys enjoyed watching us
ok guys I wish I could have taken you
out tonight and actually go do things I
thought we were going to go out for
actually
he's birthday but uh he actually went
hard last night so he doesn't want to go
out again tonight surprisingly right
tally wants to stay here so that was my
plan that's why do you really do much
everyone else like Jake's far away
everyone's kind of doing their own thing
so I figured I'd show you guys some
drinks have a good time hang out alone
be lonely no friends here when you got
anyway I'm still here with you guys
still doing stuff for you I wouldn't
normally make drinks live alone at home
but hey that's what you guys want to see
so I hope that you guys enjoyed this one
tomorrow ah Brandon's gonna come over I
think we're gonna start actually
shooting stuff on the main camera for
the main page which is awesome so guys
make sure you check out tomorrow's vlog
because that'll be I hope that we'll
have some good stuff on there i can't
say it'll be awesome because i don't
know how my day is gonna go cuz they're
real days change plans change because i
hope you guys enjoyed this one go try
those drinks they're great and i will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye it's
woman is Jesus
