hey guys we're at Universal CityWalk
today shooting
hi Kevin hey what's up like him okay
now we're here again with John Bailey
drum beating so that's good this control
and we were rigging him rig him when all
this equipments got speakers and this
time this time he has like a sound board
so you can actually do trailer music
while he's talking to people how does
how does that sound with the trailers
I'm a little loud I'm I know your name
how's that with the trailer music let's
say here we go
we know we need to turn your volume up
this will be fun it's a fun shooting day
got my new camera dad is a third camera
here so you know baby out already but uh
yeah I'll keep logging throughout the
day we're having John follow people to
up and down the escalators just pretty
much narrating the most Awkward ride of
their life it's pretty awkward right
it's definitely awkward and I make it
awkward on purpose do you feel like
we're doing it a little but you know
it's nothing I wouldn't normally do
except that I don't get paid to do it
you know but yeah I was just gonna say I
see I would do that all the time
I would I would try to get girls like
that oh yeah it doesn't work on girls
though they run they run very fast same
with me and I don't even do the voice
one-take wonder Kevin Boyd got screen on
you to show like this different stuff to
take wonder Kevin Brooke go 16 take
Kevin bruit go Kevin we're waiting on
you 15 take sighs overnight literally an
eighth row were doing Shay all this job
and then they give me eight paragraphs
what am I supposed to do all right
think of stuff on your own all right yes
exactly
yeah I gotta get back into my Ryan
Seacrest mode handled better American
Idol go down a to contestant right okay
all right hey guys we know how much you
love this prank so we're back here in
Hollywood once again with a good buddy
John Bailey the boys epic movie trailer
voice prank but I'm honest come on come
on take 16 I'm trying you target you
guys ready to get sexy ah oh yeah hi I'm
Kevin brewing you want to know what
ladies really like I'll tell you not
Kevin brewing will bit it well that's
you but a little bit of chest hair
that's all you need right here I'm just
thinking of the shot what the ladies
really like is this bad enough do you
realize
lost like a thousands of track you're
getting my face damn that's good time
he's just lost a thousand subscribe lock
these phones when you want inception
blog right in the trouble at home on
we're very productive it would get among
yeah this is not good it's really not
good this is really not good three can
you at least stand in the Sun for a few
minutes I could try to but here's the
thing I'm Irish we're either red or
white there's no at wean Irish is that's
the same as vampire basically yeah yeah
I'm more or less transparent like powder
yeah it's basically when it comes I
would be rolling you know the camera but
good stuff Kevin does the chest match
the balls gone maybe it does maybe a
dozen I die I die my ball here I'll have
you know
yeah that's that too many bloggers in
one place oh let me see the patient's
law exception I'm gonna try that oh my
god everyone was vlogging at the same
time Oh maybe we should shoot the actual
video that we came here to shoot yeah I
think I'll get back that's a wrap on
today's shoot with John Bailey we're
gonna we're going to be shooted one more
day tomorrow with John Bailey and then
I'm back to my job producing another
show for them but it went well today I
would say it went amazing today today
was awesome it's really good and it's
all it's all thanks to this guy
John John baby will you just break today
you excited a little bit I'm a little
tired
yes ignore we had a lot of fun I'm gonna
I'm ready to head home great grandson
eat I'll get something to eat you hungry
hungry and I'm ready to get naked and
dance around my house dad what do me
okay
okay I'm back home now that was a great
day's work
I'm gonna head over to Jake's now I
guess there's a bunch of people going
we're going to first Friday which is
like a thing they do want Abbot Kinney
and Venice on Venice Beach not on the
beach but I'm saying like in Venice area
have a kidney but they have like food
trucks and all that cool stuff and
everything so I think it'll be cool to
vlog there so I've never been to it
actually so they're like Alex you gotta
check this out so I'm going to go over
there and I'm excited to try because I
love food trucks now a lot of you if
you're in different countries or
anything that you don't really know the
Krays about it here even in the u.s. a
lot of you don't realize how big it is
in LA and as well as all going all the
way up to I know Oregon has a big
community of food trucks and at that but
pretty much you know you said I see
those trucks as little taco trucks or
whatever whoever your country
or something little catering trucks well
these are different these are like
pretty much gourmet food trucks that
like they some of them have like fancy
restaurant locations or really nice
restaurant locations and they've a truck
for it and they always make these weird
interesting food it's never normal
it's always something like there's a
little twist on it or crazy you know
trucks dedicated to everything fries
they dedicate all these different
sandwiches or crazy burgers with like
mac and cheese either they're so good
they're all like they're called like
gourmet food trucks is what they are
they get rated like a restaurants by the
health department's they have like
letter grade like a for cleanliness and
all stuff so when I say oh we're going
to go to the food trucks these are these
are clean awesome good places to eat and
I wanna check it out in my house is
moving all this yep
well everything's kind of does things on
its own lights come on music comes on
shades open and close it's a that's what
you get for living in a smart house
right Oh what do you guys do it on here
oh my god I finally found you oh my god
I can't believe on topics its woman is
Jesus it really
yes all of them this is how's it going I
can barely kill you hey hey chase you
should come with Roman in a few weeks
yeah yeah I am sober I love it I'm gonna
drink
I'm at Jake's house he's having like a
little party thing but I just wanted to
come by and say hello
I can't believe I found you guys on set
I'm a huge fan
okay well I'm here with people they have
no idea what I'm doing here two weeks
yeah see in two weeks
what you never come back to LA yet
experienced la not just Vegas I'm that
guy's a party that takes the laptop into
the other room and sits alone no I was
just I was just on on pornhub and then I
saw that you guys were on okay guys well
I'll see you later all uh I'll talk to
you guys soon
this trucks everywhere look all the way
down the street
they're like lined up all the way down
the street all right and all these
trucks I'm really hungry is two big
lines though I'm really hungry purpose I
like babies badass burgers do you yeah
the bomb plug be so packed you hungry
really hungry we getting sliders oh I'm
bumping yours this is um when we get
pork belly and brisket sliders hi
fighter the other time we have pork
belly and frisking one of each I'm gonna
try it what are you looking for whatever
you guys see you saw I just did like I
also did a
omegle thing with Robin I posted on my
Twitter and I sent out in the mailing
list that I'll be on all metal I didn't
vlog this one I don't have like my stand
to set up I want to hold my camera and I
was going to do it but the audio on
Angela's laptop and Jake's girlfriend's
laptop isn't loud enough here with all
the all the party noise going because
Jake's has like bunch of people over so
I will do it again when I have better
audio and in a quiet room like a house
and stuff like that so guys make sure
you follow me on twitter at Alex Mandel
if not you could join the mailing list
down below you'll see the link in the
description on how to do that
and that way you guys will get the
notifications when I'm going to be on
omegle and you guys can find me on there
that's the easiest way I'm just like you
know because some of you were like oh my
god am I on the vlog and I can't even
hear you so it wasn't worth vlogging but
I will do one probably this week awesome
time to mess around a little bit that
was good you take it that thanks to me
you the party's over
hey just give me the middle fingers
bitches you got spirit that wearing
pants I am wearing Ashley okay there's a
short that's like this is lucky HIV oh
no I think I might give her a ride I'm
going home do right now okay guys that's
all I have for you to do so I hope that
you guys enjoyed it tomorrow's the last
time directing for break and then I will
be back on to producing the show I was
originally hired on to produce for them
which very excited about yeah but today
was great love shooting Universal so
much fun so easy to do because there's
so many people just to mess with but I
had a good day I hope that you guys
enjoyed watching this and I will see you
guys again tomorrow bye
watch Alex Mandel vlog if you can find
it and if you need help maybe you can
join the a-team yeah never and never it
never gets old
