hey guys we're at a diner today oh hey
what's going on who's that that's Kevin
it's a it's a sober Kevin i was i was
reading the comments from hey hey you
blog did i wake up in the morning yeah
to a bottle of jack right I wouldn't
paint it that way but I just want all of
your viewers to know that I'm not
normally that loud obnoxious why are you
apologizing to him worse I'm apology no
not to haters I'm just apology casino
and I crosshairs know what do you call
haters hate hurt us
it's awful but really no i don't know
but i like that hater time decides it's
just fuck off Gator time you're
basically saying that your haters are
high in carbs I guess haters make you
fat haters make you fat did you know but
yeah we're here setting up we're doing
like a fast food prank thing except word
i'm going to show you guys in a little
bit i'll give you a little teaser what
we're doing so you guys can see finally
I get to vlog actually while I'm working
Kevin are you getting the burger I'm not
getting a burger I'm trying to eat
healthy I need to drop a few lbs and
this is not the place to do that no just
saying that because I'm on a diet yeah
I'm in solidarity with you I'm trying to
lose weight too they're doing it you've
lost me more way to make me not so much
I love you I eat fat yeah
so today to kind of explain to you we
took over a fast-food restaurant
designer with a drive-thru and we have
John Bailey doing the voice of the
tokbox and he's talking to people so I
this is awesome guys you should check
this out watch Alex Mandel vogue if you
can find it and if you need help maybe
you can join the a-team yeah never and
never it never gets old never gets old I
ever yes it's amazing you guys wait till
this video goes up it's of course i'll
keep you updated but we're almost done
shooting today with this this video is
going to be insane it's gonna be awesome
if it's so funny watching the reactions
of people coming up and ordering yeah
can I get in a world it's it's it's
slightly jarring to think you just try
to order your food and then out of
nowhere you feel like you're in a movie
trailer and milkshakes are being made so
i don't think i could hear you sexy this
is what i need to be loud obnoxious but
i'm sober so and i'm definitely more
he's sober for the first time in four
years it's it's strange i've been
getting the shakes all day i can't quite
a
when explain he's been getting the shits
all day the shapes i said i clearly said
shakes if we rewind playback the thing
he's changed his pants four times today
I have damn it I need to get some
depends hey everybody you remember this
guy John Bailey the voice honest
trailers we're about to do another epic
movie trailer boys prank this time we're
gonna supersize plugger drinks may I
take this supporter
oh that's not a creepy yeah hey Kevin we
wish your panel van no it's cool it's
cool i'm not at work with the camera
again hey i'm vlogging i'm not at work
anymore I am blogging oh it's all of a
sudden super difficult to vlog with my
friends around because they don't should
get out of here although i'll look at
everyone down there on third street
there's like barely anyone I like expect
like an echo when I do it when I look
down just won't what fuck it's six
seconds hello know what see it doesn't
even echo I'm trying to get it to echo
the hazard walk across the street while
plugging you got a lawyer but I'm trying
to find people I found the dolphin on
Third Street you're leaving oh oh no you
almost just closed my vlog but if you
just ended up in a closed room are I
he'll kick closer right now all
elevators buzzing but no don't lose it I
was trying to eat
everyone always ask why do you suck us
at the end just to confirm everyone's
beliefs alex is actually super well I
first I know I have it I like girls and
I and I like having sex with girls Alex
really likes girls I mean I mean really
really likes girls does that mean I
don't know that means I'm trying to fill
up your vlog Alex that's what I would
try to do for the past eighty Days ocean
gem I like it I like it thank you
drowned girl I mean she's loud she
drowned up okay oh you open it elevator
to continue talking okay bye this was
listed normally hilar normally this
closes and then it's like I could go on
here yeah you guys I use in the garage
yeah okay let us out I will I won't what
was I supposed to do okay guys that's
all i have for you today for today's
blog it's not much tomorrow we'll be
shooting on location again at a
different location with a different type
of thing still with john bailey still
with the epic movie trailer voice man so
he's a funny guy awesome to work with
and we had a fun day today so i hope
that you guys enjoyed this vlog again
that was my first time actually taking
my Balkan route at work so it's cool and
ya know I I'm happy and you guys will
start to get to see more of what I do
work I mean you guys are watching me
direct I was directing and directed
today tomorrow I'll be directing
Saturday what I was actually hired on to
do was produce a completely different
show for them but there they lost their
director for these three days so I
stepped it because I could do it so yeah
that's it
I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye look at that top it off as much
as you want I'll show you where I stop
