hey guys so I have some good news today
the good news is that I actually got an
email from the company I work for the
company I'm producing for and they said
hey man you know we want to we want to
help you if you want to promote your
vlog go ahead like it you know we don't
want to hold you back go ahead and say
where you work and stuff like that so
I'm gonna tell you guys so the job I'm
doing right now is I am a producer for
the next five weeks actually for Thank
You GPS Thank You GPS I am a producer
for break which is also now define media
so break into five media I got hired on
as a producer I know a lot of you are
like oh that's probably Nickelodeon
think no I was too old for that actually
that happens and no I'm not doing the
movie with Roman Tennyson fatality I'm
this is my own thing I'm just a producer
for them for
my new show that they're they're gonna
do for break so this is exciting it's
fun I'm having fun with it
he even said hey you know you could flog
sometimes in the office if it doesn't
conflict with work so wow this is gonna
make it so much easier for me to to keep
this going and I'm so excited to tell
you guys that because it's fun for me
and I'm excited doing it and it's it's
immersing me more into this this
community so ok GPS I'll take a left
right now but yeah I was excited to tell
you so now I'll be able to actually vlog
during the day break media so I told you
guys that I could film at work it's
something that today ended up being an
extremely busy day there we were
scouting in the morning different
locations to shoot and then we have
meetings today throughout the Alpha in
the office throughout the day so
typically I will be talking about that
guys but it's time for something special
Road oh I am going to pick the winner of
the a team shirt giveaway so I'm
actually gonna use the same program I
did last time guys there is 1418 of you
guys that have submitted to the raffle I
was hoping for 30 so it'd be like an
easy pick that's why I made it difficult
stuff but hey I will pick you guys out
one out of 1,000 418 so next time if you
guys want a lower number stop you guys
posted the answer of where it is to like
everyone else you're like oh you know
blah blah blah don't worry guys I'm
gonna do plenty of giveaways I'm gonna
start doing them more often and so I
know some of you were like I don't have
a computer I only have a phone don't
worry I'm gonna do tons more there's
gonna be raffles that only involve the
people on the mailing list and if you're
not already on the mailing list then and
you didn't get the email you can't join
it later so make sure you do that too
that's in the description you can join
whatever don't worry about that but I'm
gonna do for all different types of
things I'll have different giveaways but
I'm going to be doing more so don't
worry guys if you don't win this time
there's always next time because I'm not
stopping this so I have an app on my
phone it just generates random numbers
so first I'm gonna pick the page that of
emails these are all the emails and
stuff whatever pick how many pages in I
have to go now there's 29 pages of
emails so I'm going to do number 1
through 29 this will be to pick which
page I choose the email so generate
random number 21 okay guys don't worry
about this number here that's just total
emails in my thing whether they're read
or not
there still is only one four one eight
so this is just old mail and stuff
that's in there so 21 in so 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
21 okay now we do 1 through 50 because
there's 50 emails per page so we
generate a single number here Wow one so
the first one Louis Louis Velasco this
you are the winner you won the a t-shirt
I'm gonna email you now and you entered
three days ago so I'm gonna email you
now and say congratulations you won a
tube shirt so guys congratulations to
Louis you went I'm gonna send you a
shirt I'm gonna email you now so make
sure you
make sure you send me your email be back
after I email you your address and size
that you are so that I can send you out
your shirt ASAP
congratulations again guys there'll be
more giveaways soon I promise but I love
doing this I love giving this way to you
guys cuz then more of you guys can rock
of and have fun and I hope you guys
enjoy this so yeah they'll be more soon
guys you've seen my brother-in-law in my
vlogs I don't think you've seen him
recently uh applause maybe like the old
one older ones I don't know he's been
here since then I don't know why I
didn't vlog with him but anyway my
brother-in-law he Alex he's also named
Alex because my sister wanted another
Alex in her life but he he's a music
artist and music producer and some of
you may know his he had a big hit before
just like huge it's called we run la or
dis called we run la I don't know if you
guys know we run la yeah anyway he did
that with your boy and that was their
song so that got huge and they just came
up with another one with your boy and
today it actually was playing on power
106 on the radio for the very first time
for the world premiere and he filled
that I mean it's on their channel on the
radio you guys should just check it out
I'll put like a link to this video down
in the description so you can check it
out but listen to the song tight as you
think I'll play a little bit of it this
is like he literally has the radio here
you might remember them from we run la
hey that reflection in my do other way
we run away we run out like a featuring
your boy have a new record right here it
is a springtime summertime anthem and
it'll call Palm Springs beach house
unless you figure out the the analogy of
the pond whatever you want to call it
here we're all from here Palm Springs
Beach out Hollywood you boy you know the
station
well guys I'm not gonna play the whole
song
you guys should actually go check it out
and subscribe to his channel you'll be
supporting me and my family because he
is my brother my brother-in-law he's
part of our family so hey support the
whole family yeah so subscribe to to him
because they're gonna be I guess putting
up more music to on their channel
they're gonna focus a lot of stuff on
their YouTube channel and start doing
some music videos which maybe I'll help
with on there and they'll do two or so
check out that video descriptions down I
mean the link is down in the description
and yeah it's worth a listen
definitely after reading a lot of your
comments yesterday guys don't worry I'm
not taking offense to any hating haters
hater tates hater tartar tates hater
tots hater tots that's what we should
call them oh damn it
there's another hater time I actually
really like that
fuck the hater tots anyway so you guys
were going off because I was talking too
much and I've already been talking a lot
in this vlog and not a lot of doing so I
know that a lot of you guys enjoyed all
the mixology stuff so I'm gonna give you
guys I'm gonna start giving you some
easy drinks as well as complicated ones
I mixed them up this one is definitely
one of my favorite drinks just because
you could sip on it and night even
during the day doesn't matter and you
know right now the the clue I'm gonna
give you is the dude and drinks it so I
hope that you guys got it let me know if
you understood that reference before I
told you the drink so remember the dude
drinks this drink anyway the drink up to
I'm referring to is a White Russian it's
very easy it's made although it's only
three in green
people change the measurements like
crazy they change the measurements all
the time so here's mine because it's so
simple I wanted to just make it super
simple for you it's literally one two
and top it off so I'll tell you what I
mean here's the ingredients my favorite
vodka Kenna one Kahlua which is a coffee
liqueur very good and half and half some
of you guys use milk for this out of any
variation you could do I'm gonna say
milk is just incorrect because milk is
too thin too thin to make these
cocktails with so just don't use no use
half and half if you don't have half and
half milk is fine but don't choose milk
over half and half
because it ruins the drink unless you
don't have it then it's still good but
here's how you make it like I said it's
one to top it off one ounce to ounce and
top it off with half and half so it's
super easy
we'll get this this will just be 1 ounce
it's about an ounce right there and then
we're gonna do 2 ounces here there's 2
ounces guys this is a big glass that's
why it looks like there's not a lot it's
actually a good amount and then slowly
pour the half and half so it doesn't
sink too much you'll see cuz it does
this very cool thing look at that
top it off as much as you want I'll show
you where I stop
and it's probably good so it's a very
cool looking drink this is a White
Russian and when you mix it let me grab
a straw so I could show you when you mix
it I'll show you the color it should be
so that you guys if you're just mixing
it up and you're not lettering it like
that you'll at least see what color it's
supposed to be so it's supposed to
pretty much look okay that's too hard to
mix it with uh well grab so it's
supposed to kind of just look like
chocolate milk see you see right now
drop the drink far enough away here we
go so you see guys it's like a little
bit lighter chocolate milk that right
there is the perfect color so if you
guys can match that color that would be
that would be fantastic
so this drink look it just looks like
you want to sip on that this is a big
glass typically use a regular rocks
glass I haven't brought my Ross glasses
from my old place yet it's still packed
away in boxes and I can't find them
but this drink is definitely one of my
favorites was I spill it ever because I
oh my god man guys if you want a good
drink go White Russian I feel like I
White Russian all over my face because I
can feel it
anyway try that drink super good super
easy whenever you're making White
Russian one to top it off One Vodka two
Kahlua top it off with some
half-and-half I've already seen a couple
comments asking what the Big Blue drip
is in my house talking about this thing
we actually we have a smurf living above
us and with his wife and she jerks him
off but she won't swallow it so it just
pours over the side and drips down
through my place in case you were
wondering its Smurf cement that's what
it is
okay guys well that's the end of today's
vlog yeah so I that's it that's all I
have
tomorrow I will be on location actually
directing for break this weekend I'm
producing something a show for them but
I'm stepping in as a director for the
next few days I'm on a thing so that'll
be fun I will try to vlog on location
while we're shooting tomorrow kind of
give you hope to give you a little bit
of behind-the-scenes I think that'd be
really cool show you guys some behind
the scenes stuff so that way we can
actually get these vlogs rolling again
and not just have you know vlogging
after work type of thing I want to vlog
during my day like I'm supposed to
because I'm actually doing stuff during
the day and I would love to bring you
guys I locked so and we got to make
those hater tots happy I'm just kidding
get the fuck out hater tots get the fuck
out hater tots hater tots
hater tots get the fuck out I will see
you guys again tomorrow good bye
Curtis
