hey guys so like I told you yesterday
i'm at my network right now cuz i have
my new job um yeah so i'm at work about
to go in and of course this is like the
one place i can't bring you guys so
unfortunately i might see you guys like
my lunch or afterward or something but
we'll figure it out i had to go this
morning to the UPS office in like
downtown LA because i don't know if you
guys watched yesterday but i was waiting
for a package yesterday from UPS and
they never came i finally got to notice
that like 930 saying the person doesn't
exist at the address you gave sounds
like oh maybe they'd the wrong address
or something so I to drive down downtown
LA which is far from my place and just
to pick up the package check the address
everything on it is perfect and the guys
like oh well I don't know you mean you
could talk to the supervisor if you want
and I'm like well I don't know if I want
to order the package through UPS if you
guys can't fight if you guys can't find
it every other mail servers like every
other mail carrier seems to find it
perfectly I don't know I'm ranting
because I had to drive there early
before work so I have the package now
and I'll open it after work so you guys
will see what that is but um yeah I
gotta go to work I just got home from
work and you guys you guys gave me a
gift today you really did because not
only not only did I surpass 35 thousand
subscribers which is amazing but I also
hit I passed over 1 million total views
for my vlog Channel and it hasn't even
been three months what a team you guys
surprised me every day and today to
achievements 35,000
drivers and 1 million total views come
on guys what are you doing you try to
make me crap my pants cuz I did like
three times right now I gotta go change
really uh and it stinks but no really
thank you guys so much this is so crazy
it's amazing I don't even know what to
say other than thank you thank you very
much I will continue to make these every
day regardless of having work all day
regardless or whatever I'm doing I will
find time for you guys because you guys
find time for me so again thank you with
that being said now you guys get to see
what my package was the one I've been
waiting for since yesterday and had to
drive to downtown LA to pick it up
myself his package blah blah extra extra
accessories but this is this is what I
was waiting for this this oh no that is
that's a Isis that's a for the mic come
on come on this is hard with one hand
ooh i see here i just got to take you
out now come on come on come on are you
shaky ah boom and
you guys may recognize this camera this
goes here got a clip in I'll set this
thing up this all up and I got there oh
the hood that goes here anyway you guys
probably recognize this camera where
well it's the same camera romina
dentists use for their pranks for the
Roman Atwood channel and it's the same
camera vitali uses for vitalyzdtv so
this is the prank camera and now i have
my own so guess what guys this means i'm
gonna start doing pranks for my main
channel cuz now i got my camera film now
i do have other cameras i have my like
canon 7d and everything but the DSLR is
at heart because you hold up to your
face this I have a flip screen it has
like ninety eight gigs of internal
memory or something crazy i still use SD
cards but anyway i'm so excited not only
did I hit the million and thirty one
thousand subscribers but my camera came
in today I'm gonna set that all up and I
have my wireless mic sis I'm gonna put
on to it and everything this is awesome
this is just great everything is just
great guys I I am a happy you guys make
me happy this makes me happy
everything's making me happy yeah I'm
just happy I was just looking at
Instagram and Twitter and on Twitter
Roman just posted police took all our
cameras including my vlog camera oh and
Vitaly said that he got arrested and
charged oh where is it right here he
said he got arrested with a written
arrest arrest with two charges he said
cops took all my camera equipment and
then he hashtag Columbus police hashtag
not guilty hashtag going to trial Oh
Vitaly all of them got their cameras
taken away and
I was just about to show you the
completed camera put together now it's
just like I feel bad well I mean that's
I feel like at some point that might
happen to me with pranks so I'm crossing
my fingers but that's what happens I
mean they're just doing pranks so they
do check to make sure everything is
legal that they're doing so
unfortunately this happens they go to
court and everything like that you know
and then they just have to say like
prove that there they did nothing wrong
you know the problem is if you're going
to prank and the cops get pissed they
can arrest you and charge you pretty
much just a hassle you have to go to
court and then charge to get dropped
usually hopefully but up on a lighter
note here's the complete camera I put
all the stuff on it here's the receiver
for the love Mike's it's just a really
good one because it's good quality and
it's small enough so like when I was
helping them film some of the things you
could hold it just like right by your
stomach and people don't really see it
like literally we're setting not too far
from people they're walking by and then
they won't see it to there like right
there like oh you were filming sometimes
they just think we're messing with them
without even filming it's like just a
small great camera works perfectly I'm
not trying to sell this camera I'm just
excited that it had it it's become very
popular for you guys on my Facebook page
you guys are sending me a lot of
messages asking me what my address is so
you could send like a p.o box so you
guys can send fan mail now I'm not
telling you please send me fan mail
already think that but I'm just you know
whatever you guys want I'm gonna do for
you so I get that a lot now so if you
guys do want to send a letter said
whatever you want you know to say hi
which I will try to respond to them or
at least do whatever I can or show on
the vlog or try to show in some way I
don't know what to do but if you guys
want to i'm going to start putting the
my p.o box the address to my p.o box in
the description so that you guys you
don't have to wait on a response for me
on facebook you guys can just look there
and check it out
and I know I'm going in the comments
stop asking people to send you stuff I'm
not asking anyone to send me anything
I'm just providing all the information
you guys need for whatever you want to
do like people as they stop pushing your
shirts I'm not pushing my shirts but you
guys wanted shirts and you guys want to
give aways so I made them they're
available I you know if you buy them
awesome thank you for supporting and I
love you for that if you don't I don't
like you any less I don't you know it's
it I don't care it's up to you guys what
you guys want I'm gonna give you so
that's what that phrase I don't like you
any less it sounds weird because I'm
saying I don't like you I mean I don't
think any less of you that's better
that's better I mean I don't hold it
against you for not I don't this is all
just for you guys remember everything i
do i I work obviously now I have this
job you know I'm not trying to take all
your money and take it from you I'm
doing this because I enjoy doing I'm
doing this because I love reading the
comments I'm doing this because you guys
enjoy watching so this is like something
that I do because I enjoy doing it this
is my hobby and hey if at some point I
start to make good money from it which
you know I can guarantee you I'm not
right now but if at some point I do
start to make good money the only reason
I would want that is so that I don't
have to take other jobs to keep me from
this because I love doing it so much I
love being so interactive with you with
the whole a team and that would be just
like cool if I could turn this into a
job it's like what better than to then
to do something you love and not have to
try to get by on everything else right
now I have these other jobs you know but
that's not that doesn't stop me so I'm
ranting i'll stop ranting i'm sorry i'll
stop my locusts what I got a million
views today well I hit a million views
today aren't you happy yeah are you max
max max you don't care okay
like and 35 thousand subscribers Milo
you don't care ah isn't that yeah great
story dude hey guess what hi people Jake
and I are gonna go see Robo Cop yeah
Dead or Alive you're coming with me yeah
love it did ADT wait hold on what was
that music the digit ett do oh yeah
digiday TT I can't I don't remember but
you know things are ah yeah it's in my
head too it's just not coming out of
here Jake
miss Curtis
hey
and no one here okay well I'm back home
now and we saw Robocop it was pretty
cool it's Robocop you know it's intense
it's epic this robocop is general I've
you're coming with me I really hope that
you guys know that's from Robocop anyway
um yeah so anyway that happened and
today was a good day I got my camera and
I got other great things and you guys
were here to come along for the ride
after work so tomorrow I got work again
and then shooting in this weekend and
stuff and try to figure this all out so
bear with me while I figure this out I
don't know I'm thinking about doing the
raffle for the a-team shirt tomorrow
which while you're watching this might
be today I don't know yet i'm debating
on whether i want to do that or not so i
don't even realize i didn't put thought
into it I kind of just like oh I I
should give you guys a shirt so not I
didn't tell you guys leave your number
or anything like that so I maybe i'll
email you maybe i'll just say your name
on here and you could contact me maybe
I'll do whatever but yeah expect that it
might happen today with meaning you're
watching this today yeah anyway I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
I don't know what the beeping is what's
being cooked the rice to you Oh
