hey guys so one thing I haven't told you
is that I have I'm starting a new job
today now I can't actually tell you what
the job is because for confidentiality
reasons which is the same with most
entertainment jobs but I can tell you
that one of the things I do is I'm I
also produce I'm a producer as well so
that's kind of in the realm of what I'm
doing right now for the next five weeks
it's like a monday through friday job
sometimes we shoot weekend sometimes
whatever anyway so i wanted to let you
guys know that because you guys are
gonna start wondering why aren't you
shooting during the day cuz I'm not
allowed to actually shoot the stuff that
we're doing during the day because it's
confidential so uh you'll see a lot of
like morning stuff on the way there I
guess maybe lunchtime and then
definitely after work i'll be vlogging
then that'll be normal vlogging and you
guys may not even realize the difference
but i figured i would tell you that and
after the five weeks or at a certain
point I don't know when I will be able
to tell you exactly what I was working
on and hopefully show you what I was
working on but um today is my first day
I'm like showing up at the offices now
so I can't take you guys with me in
there but um I'm excited so this should
be cool I don't worry guys I'm still
gonna be vlogging every day regardless
i'll do it after work whenever I can so
don't think I'm just quitting idea cuz
i'm not back at home now and first day
of the new job was great i really wish i
could tell you what it is but hopefully
i'll be able to soon and then it'll be
cool cuz you guys'll doubt but ya know
so that's fun so I back at home now I'm
waiting on UPS to get here because UPS
is delivering me an amazing new package
that I'm waiting for
and they were supposed to come today
there was no notice of the door that
they already came so I'm assuming
they're still going to come even though
it's like past six so I don't know but
anyway I'm going to do that and then I
think Angela Jake's girlfriend is going
to make Jake and I some homemade korean
BBQ yeah buddy this is so stupid UPS
come on leave me and notice or something
because it's 845 right now and you guys
aren't here and I don't know if you're
even coming today it still says it's out
for delivery not that it's rescheduled
for tomorrow not anything like that says
L so i'm leaving i'm hungry i'm going to
jakes now really wanted that package but
I'm not waiting on UPS because clearly
they need to get their shit straight
yeah I'm done waiting
I don't know what the beeping is what's
being cooked the rice oh ok I'm hungry
no I didn't find it leaving to go home
third we're boring guys yeah hello it
just you that we're just normal fans I
like you guys got to realize that not
every day is gonna be super exciting
it's just gonna be real she's gonna
watch this tomorrow be pissed that you
filmed it I'm going home ok guys well
that's all I got for you I'm sorry that
it's not super eventful today at all I
know I'll get comments wow this is so
boring but the truth is I give you guys
a vlog every single day and you know I
could skip today's and I thought think
might be boring but instead i'm going to
give you everything so i hope that you
understand that so that a real person
has boring days sometimes so i did start
the new job i think that's what just
like threw me off with starting so late
what started late before but i gotta go
to bed early to wake up early to start
this new job so i'll get on track with
being able to like schedule things for
later like after work and stuff like
that so don't worry guys I'll get this
thing going we'll figure it out and
we'll do this will still make fun things
happen but just today was like a like a
weird like transition into something new
so I hope you guys understand that and I
will see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
I love the halter top
so get it oh my god Oh y'all got a
prison oh and you got sizzler one
where'd you get this is Louis Oh
sizzlers
