hey guys ah whoa you know that that's
the thing we haven't really talked in a
while and then all of a sudden the first
thing you say you're about to vlog and
it just you know cuz all of you guys are
vloggers to write anyway hey how's it
going it's me in case you didn't know
but you're on my channel so you do know
ha awkward intros 101 since a lot of you
are new and catching up i figured i
would a clue you in a little sum sum for
those who don't know i am also as among
other things a bartender I do have my
own bartending company so I do that used
to work for catering company restaurants
everything but i do love bartending all
the mixology stuff doing mixology for
years so i'm going to show you just a
lot of you guys this isn't your thing
because i know it's a lot not a lot of
my friends things and also the Sun has
gone down and you're not supposed to
typically drink this drink after sundown
after sunset I don't know why it's just
like I like it's I'm gonna show you to
make it so for those of you that have
wondered what I'm going to make I'm
gonna make a Bloody Mary now for those
of you that can't that can't drink
alcohol right now well the don't wanna
drink alcohol a Bloody Mary you can make
it the same way with no vodka so you
don't have to have any alcohol in this
just cut that out but I do enjoy this
drink so i'm gonna share to make it i
just filled a glass here with ice so use
that and then for the end of it we are
gonna need a shaker so i'll go into my i
like all I bartending stuff here I'll
get a Boston shaker yep so I'll need
that and a little bit
typically this is a good enough drink to
make so if you guys are why to make an
easy drink this one's kind of cool not
as easy as your typical screwdriver or
vodka redbulls or any day that I mean if
you're going to get into a little bit
more intricate we have to do something
to make a drink this is this is a good
one to start with okay for this we'll
start with just like about an ounce of
vodka i'm using Soraka typically like
Ketel One but I'm advocate of one so you
do about an ounce of ciroc you guys
Commissioner however you want I'm just
going to put as much as I want but yeah
it's about an ounce yeah so it's easy as
that don't ask tomato juice you guys
could get any kind of tomato juice you
want I just happen to be using a
campbell's one because already have it
with that hope can and then add the
washer sauce as much as you'd like I
like a good amount mmm that's good easy
enough so the lemon juice you can fresh
squeeze it I happen to just buy it cuts
easier just not too much probably like a
half ounce and then horseradish some
you're going to be like it but it
actually makes horse ride action makes
it really good you just take a spoon of
how much of that you want that should be
good that's actually a lot but I kind of
like that put that aside only two more
days
you do want to add pepper
that's good and finally what makes this
ability Mary is the Tabasco you can use
any kind of hot sauce so just
ambassadors the most famous for this I
typically like things spicy very spicy
extremely spicy oh yeah anyway use your
knife and the reason why I have this cuz
all those ingredients you could easily
just take this and I could mix it up but
it's so much easier Gordon something
else and then pour it back it doesn't
matter if it makes a little noise you
can clean it up if you want guys you can
still give it a stir itch that should
pretty much shake it just what makes
anything to do it every walk clean up
your mess guys and enjoy actually you
would normally had a celery stalk right
here but ain't nobody got time for that
I love that drink it's so good you guys
should definitely try making it
definitely if you like it I'm not really
a tomato juice fan surprising you and I
don't order like tomato soup I just love
the drink I don't know something about
it clean that mess clean it and AH all
up Oh make sure gets out clean clean
mm-hmm that's all clean good at it I
want to be totally honest with you guys
so it's actually a lot later than you
would think I'm never like vlogged this
late what time is it it's five after 2
a.m. now I've like I've long to finish
off a vlog at this time but I've never
like I pretty much started the vlog an
hour and a half ago and that's just
because my dumb ass went out for the day
and realized damn for the first time I
forgot my vlog camera and I couldn't
grab it so I'm still giving you guys
this vlog I'm not trying to come to
excuse because there is no excuse needed
you guys have a vlog right here that
you're watching right now but because of
that because I feel so stupid doing that
you guys are going to benefit because I
I'm doing another a team shirt giveaway
this will be the second a team shirt
giveaway and trying to get how do the
giveaway I'm going to think of it so by
this next I'm gonna I'm gonna stop this
think about it get back to you because
I'm gonna I'm gonna come up with
something hello a team I got I know how
we're doing the giveaway and I'm gonna
tell you how we're doing this giveaway
guys and girls if you want to wear at a
team shirt you just got to find
something
you got to find something I hate I hid
something for you you know what I hid I
hate an annotation somewhere in this
video in this vlog for those of you that
don't know an annotation is one of those
links that you hover your mouse over at
all son who something pops up except
there's no text there it's just an
invisible bubble that will pop up when
your mouse goes over it so somewhere in
this vlog there's a hidden annotation
click that and find the secret video
when you find the secret video in there
i will give you instructions on how to
enter the raffle and i will pick your
name because if only one of you finds it
you are the winner if only five that you
find it well then i only have to draw
five names so you guys have I don't know
I don't know what I'm going to do the
dry but sometime this week so you better
get look at quick it's up to you guys
find that secret video and enter the
raffle and with yourself and a team
shirt but until then I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye where you can i'm
here to business you're gonna visit us
know a little bit so come with us know
