hey guys I'm at my parents house right
now and yes in LA and it's raining and
it's not even raining a little bit it's
like this is like pouring for LA this is
crazy
yeah you can't even isn't even doing it
justice that's like pouring off the room
but um yeah and I just saw on TV a
warning came on for LA County saying
there's a flood alert we have the worst
drought like right now so this is
perfect I think like a lot of people are
happy we have rain but yet I would not
like there to be red but hey I'm still
in a t-shirt having a good time here cuz
it's not that cold it's just very wet
it's funny to look at these old like
baby pictures of me cuz I didn't always
have dark brown hair and green eyes I
actually had like blonde hair and bright
blue eyes look at this what happened it
went from this to this god something
happened and then let me see if I can
find a picture this is me and my older
sister yeah that's a real that's a real
moment I actually had like a like a Joe
Dirt mullet yeah oh good they got rid of
that oh here's my here's my room at my
parents house yeah you're probably
wondering where is the coarse alcohol
where is my bed well I hid it because I
like rooms with like a lot of space so
if you see there's like a lot of space
around here and so I hid it behind this
picture which is cool you just like grab
the picture and the whole thing I had
this made it's like a pull this down
it's a queen-size
queen sized bed got this all like check
daniels thing but yes so now it actually
looks like a bedroom but I like to be
able to put away the bedroom and have
just like a Claire to hang out in
awesome I miss my old room why can't my
room at my other place be like this I
would this would be great I miss I miss
living here I was bawling in a onesie
when I was young
see check out this onesie oh yeah
ballin right there oh only got tootie
that's okay who needs more than two
teeth are you guys leaving yeah yeah
okay
why do you got one of you up no that's
okay
you want to come with us no you did ask
me I just don't know
I'm I'm just gonna go home where you can
get Vince I'm here to business you get a
business no a little bit
no I'm gonna I would go home we'll go
home but you came all the way out here
to see us right no I came all the way
out here for you to see me and we're
going out that's again how we go home
we're not going out we were gonna be I
just said let's put on our coats and be
in the kitchen I want to be in the
kitchen with clothes on we hadn't done
that no that's okay no we're staying we
wanted to get your coats that's what
sometimes we do even when you're not
here it has nothing to do with you
sometimes don't we do that we just do we
do remember that time we put on
Polk's and win another room too we do it
in a lot of the rooms it looks like
we're going places we're not going
places we just like because we live in
California we don't get a chance to use
jackets a lot and it would say we want
to do tonight yes what do you say
sometimes I want to just sit in the
kitchen with my jacket on right that's
what we're doing okay I'm gonna go get
my jacket
go ahead go get your jacket and enjoy us
okay he take a picture
edgelet hey can you get more Asian it's
on the blood what do I have they got bad
we're gonna say the first time I vlog
you this whole dinner she's let me take
pictures of my food is this what you
have to blog oh that looks good hmm what
to pick what tip it was her girl sweater
here I'm just kidding we're picking
we're picking alcohol we're just kidding
that's Alex's mother no no I'm not
kidding about no this is a girl sweater
I don't know whose it is
you got zeros it's not mine I'm lyin if
you watch my vlogs and you actually know
me personally and you've been here and
this is your sweater you should let me
know so I could give it back to you what
do you want
nice cover Alex it's not lying now
everyone's gonna comment saying we know
it's yours Alex that's going Oh what
kind of whiskey you wanna oh we're doing
whiskey I I just want to hang out and
trade whiskey you already fallen over
and you haven't even had a drink again
ready okay let's uh
it's a marshmallow yeah I know we just
this promotion did happening with Alex's
- Jake any pace for me getting my hours
and Lucas - yeah - look a biga tool
everyone singing shots I'm just drinking
oh we never showed him what we picked
what did we pick Wow it's over here it's
over here it's over here it's over here
it's over here make her smart boom my
uber has arrived
I'm going back to my house now no see
that's my phone probably save you gaming
Alex you're oh damn it didn't it's just
Alex your uber is arriving now yeah we
played video games like Mario Kart
double-oh-seven Super Smash Bros taking
it back on n64 yeah old-school yeah
Jake Jake jism he's like obsessed with
in 64 what can I say it's good going
home I'll see you okay guys well I'm
back at home now
I'm about to edit this this shit this
vlog right here and then I will be good
for the day I'll be good for the day go
to sleep so I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye it's a very far
distance to the thing but let's let's
see this right here we're right here in
the back of the dish
Oh
