hey guys so I don't know if you guys
know this but Dennis had a flight home
today back to Ohio so he was going to
leave today fortunately he's just not
very good I'm saying fortunately not
unfortunately fortunately he's just not
very good at planning because there
because he got he got to the airport
little too late if it doesn't have to do
with filming a video that's the only
thing I'm good at planning yeah I mean
the truth of it is is like if you have a
morning flight it's really ok he was
there the airport's not filled he had to
beat he was there like 45 minutes before
the flight which is plenty of time well
he was there longer than what I'm saying
by the check-in point at the desk by the
time he went through the line he had
just under 45 minutes which is perfect
and they have a rule here at the airport
if you're here for like less than 45
minutes they won't take your bags you'll
just turn you away completely blocks it
so if you're going to LA at reply any
Airport and it's past 45 minutes like 45
minutes left to your flight tonight now
you're going home tonight yeah one
already right now you leaving it like
1130 or something right well I get to
spend more time with Dennis I was trying
to think of a good way to promote my
videos my blogs and get them out there
some more and so I figured hey I could
just tweet him right but I was like
which video do I tweet out i mean i do
them every day so why not tweet all of
my daily vlogs so a lot of you guys if
you follow me on twitter which is just
at Alex Mandel your twitter feed just
blew up look at this this is this is
mine let it focus and edit focus there
we go these are all videos that I
tweeted out because i figured if i add
to a playlist just keister every daily
vlog it just keeps loading so i figured
that's the best way so now that everyone
that follows me they know they can they
have their selection on twitter you
don't even
to go to youtube you can just select it
on Twitter so that's like I'm just I
just figured it was best way to mess
with all your social feeds so there you
go that was my way of trolling you you
you people with my stuff but you are you
leaving yeah I got oh oh wait i have
Kevin here wait oh hey what's going on
oh I have a pillow Alex Mandel vlogs
hello Kevin I've I hope you guys don't
mind I've had a couple a couple
cocktails me and me and Emma said a cup
of cock he's had a couple Kovac I said a
couple cocktails get some tail tonight
take it easy there strides in let's take
it down a notch yeah zero gravity r2 ie
good seeing you down okay crowd got that
got that handshake right there i'ma go
when we get back I'm gonna catch a
flight all right this is leaving us oh
no double vlogging double play oh it's
gettin loud at my place uh yeah dennis
is leaving he's finally he's probably
gonna miss his flight again but we gotta
look at the nature here's an interesting
painting I don't know what they're doing
why you look this is yeah this is
exactly why he missed his last place I
don't fly by you know you just saw I'm
gonna walk venice whoa inception vlog it
said that's at your inception blog it is
we're both this is so are our clothes
are pretty much disappearing exact this
bit you on this feels like right now
this feels like a miniature VidCon this
sounds like a bad is your big time it
does everyone a big con oh my god oh my
god oh my god
machine Dawson oh dear Rudy fine wait
what wait wait are you not excited that
you just found Alex Mandel oh my god
guys catch Alex Mandel oh my god Alex
Mandel I wanna take a picture with it
I'll let me give a shout out be sure and
go on my Twitter at Twitter at Kevin
Brueck and real Kevin Brueck on
Instagram and as plugging on my vlog
right now no well yeah you do you think
I'm lying okay and yours just follow me
yeah youtube.com slash Alex Mandel vlog
well that you could subscribe so I now
follow me I'm just baby fox fur box sub
for sub yeah and Instagram yeah oh my
god Ellen Twitter's Alex Mandel I'm
sorry this is okay yeah that's basically
in a nutshell yeah Kevin huge cock Kevin
I'm telling you I'm telling on you I'm
telling I'm Kevin Brueck he just took
one of my nice ice cubes one of this
thing yeah anyway he licked it and tried
to put it back look at the size of hit
the ice cubes in his fridge yeah cuz
bigger is always better and I you're not
banana to scale I mean look at the size
of the banana to scale my banana is I'm
compensating for something that was a
reddit reference oh definitely not I was
definitely not a reference Alex's
genitals what most of them know I'm
Jewish so there's nothing in mind it's
guys guys I'm always honest with you
guys I have a freakishly tiny penis
imagination oh you know the WNBA is
paying horrible wages when star players
have to moonlight it's bouncers outside
of bars do you play for the la sparks Oh
kick to the pace this is amazing this is
so cool oh I can't I be like him goodbye
okay so you see we're both at the same
time yeah so uh so uh it's hard to vlog
well he's vlogging because he beats me
out in volume I do I'm way louder than
not just especially if I've been
drinking than you are but Alex said sup
man I'll let him touch your talking mad
shit on this marshmallow blaster blaster
gun yeah and he's saying he can get it
into that champagne bucket that's silver
bucket over there tuna I just want to
give people some perspective as to how
far this is that's really funny stream
week and it's not very big yes ok ready
who is very far I think I could make it
into become close ready well I've got
about to watch the watch your campus I'm
trying to bounce it in ready that was oh
damn I didn't think it was gonna shoot
that hard even damn it height weight
give me your camera all ok you gonna
film this ok yes cuz i could so time
earlier in alex's vlog you probably saw
him miss horribly that was the last clip
so that was the last clip so you just
saw Alex miss horribly but he goes I was
holding it to hammer the whole time so
that's what the camera
and what did i do after i put the camera
up after the third truck were made it in
I don't try after the second tried a
video camera with no camera it was
second try okay cuz it was the first try
I held the camera yeah and then I had to
trust I hit the writ I don't come
accusing so I don't remember it going
down that way anyway so now alex is well
I don't have the camera this time so I'm
gonna get it on the first try yeah I
look at it is pressures on sun because
if you don't get it i hope you better
this better make it out of the vlog film
in this better not be like editing magic
we're all tonight it's a shit a jump cut
where it cuts to him and then it's like
it cuts to just like the shot going in
you know what i'm talking about you use
some kind of editing magic all right so
I'm gonna do this all right you ready
yeah all right this is nate you're gonna
make it in let's see oh not even close
that was oh it's a practice one now okay
so for you guys at home I'm gonna give
you the 3d view this isn't this is a
very I will say this it's a very far
distance to the thing but let's let's
see this right here we're right here in
the back of the dish oh it went in very
nice oh yeah you guys what you don't
know and I wish I had a camera on it is
it not only hit like the back window to
Bastion but the hell stop Kevin's head
before we going in I did here's I really
I did feel a light something on here not
about what racing my sideburns slightly
so and if there's still my second one in
there was only one right now do you take
the other one out no no there were true
in there I took it out and then I threw
it at you oh you just did I just do it
at you yeah brain damage okay guys well
everyone's god Brandon left Kevin left
Dennis caught his flight surprisingly he
made it so everyone's gone I am now
going to edit this vlog for a few guys
but you don't care cuz now that you're
already watching it that means I already
ended it so I will see you guys again
tomorrow
goodbye now we just need to find someone
who works here to buy it we can't find
any hell so let's find some help Oh
somebody okay
