hey guys it's a new day today and today
we decided to do something fun kind of
festive for Easter cuz I'm just so into
Easter friendly yeah I would too but
regardless I could still have fun the
Easter but yeah we're gonna have fun the
way we like to have fun we have some
peeps right here all of our peeps which
are classic Easter yeah all different
colors we have two blue ones because
these ones are little bunnies they're
mystery sour watermelon these ones I
just screwed up those are my favorite
cuz I think that they were from last
year yeah these like look like that
they're already dead everything else
looks happy and friendly and these are
just dying out we have a bottle here
that we're going to need to use this is
empty some lighters and my favorite part
some good old Chinatown bottle rockets
there's this box of bottle rockets we
should just like light the box on fire I
don't think so that's a terrible idea
it's a good idea just not to do right
now today we're making some
rocket-propelled peeps I have no idea
why these are curved like they are right
now they normally come really straight
maybe they just didn't push in this box
for a while but here in the bottle
rockets I'll show you guys how these
work without anything else that we're
going to put out it just a bottle rocket
by itself you just set it into the
bottle here with the fuse sticking out
like this fuse and it's good to go
oh wow
so just like any other suppository you
go straight for the butt and insert it
slowly initially it's hard to get in
once it's got past that first little
like you know area slides right in
pretty easily okay so now we have a
rocket-propelled peep
let's see if this will take off in case
the bottle rockets don't fly up it's
probably not a good idea to keep them on
to the glass bottle when they explode
because I don't want to break the glass
good yeah so I think a great idea she's
drinking this right now which is a
plastic bottle and worst case scenario
it'll melt the plastic bottle or
something along those lines but at least
we want to worry about fracturing that
well that made one fiery little button I
mean it took off it did take off I was
surprised I didn't think one would take
off but I think so now double
penetration of the peep got on VP yeah
here's some good old-fashioned DP like
she said and let's see what this does
yeah it coming to got up but it kind of
just use it two separate times so it
definitely did more damage than that
first one right there but they didn't
necessarily go off at the same time two
is not enough but we're going to switch
it up this time we're going for sour
watermelon straight up that right just
to note the peepers already screwed up
because I was twist around bottle
rockets to make sure that these three
fuses will be aligned unfortunately
these aren't made super well so when I
twist the fuse so that I could light
them at the same time kind of just yank
them out of them so this time we're just
trying them in a line let them up lady
whoa final boom at least two of them
would kind of like one on the same time
whoa
that's funny off to the Graveyard for
you Pete to try a bunny yeah some of
these look like they're Satan's spawn
really not cute specific these are a
different shape I think if we just try
one this one might actually get some
good like a good height you think oh
it's right straight into the booty I'm
so sorry this one has it mattered yeah
this one it's so far shoved in geez
ladies but this just looks inappropriate
like it's but later booty get it was you
think God's evil
you there's pieces that flew of these
bunny nose jeez
we're sorry looking but still fully
intact oh boy
oh my god looking straight down in here
- in the booty
he looks really like not okay any CC
bunny it didn't blow up it was such like
a mr. sigh :
whoa hey that please go to the graveyard
those were a lot of fun the problem with
those is that we can't necessarily
follow with the camera and don't want to
be too close when it goes boom but there
is something we can't be pretty close to
because it's not going to fly away it's
hopefully going to roll away hopefully I
don't know if you knew this about peeps
because they don't really advertise it
but peeps love to skateboard they do
they love to skateboard and they love to
go fast which is why we made a
rocket-propelled peep on a tech deck
what look at that thing you go fast yeah
ready for takeoff little man he is he
looks like okay ready
misty flew at me I thought okay I'll be
able to stand close to this thing where
is the Pete it's gone these are all like
little pieces that just flew all of
these hit me oh my god that is all
that's left
jeez I figured I'd follow it because it
would just like go straight and then
blow up but for some reason the last
second is because you turned back so
scare the tech tech flew and I felt did
you do this with people do I sleep with
this just like a little peak particle
not be part of your feet yeah so now I
think we should do more okay since we're
going to be putting more power on it
we're going to need something that's a
little more capable of handling it you
know I'm saying what are you saying what
we figure the Star Wars would be you
know better than just like a normal car
yeah I think I think that one is already
got the Rockets on it see we only add
some more yeah we have one of these like
bendy ones in there but doesn't matter
activist ones on the ground we got these
two hopefully we collect those fuse at
the same time maybe we'll put them close
together yeah the fuses are now crossing
so we should be able to get them at the
same time hopefully I'll find out yeah
after the last one I am so scared to
film this but it is okay I just don't
want people my face oh my god
it flew right next to my face and on
that note we are done with it it just
doesn't even make sense it's so funny
out of all the places are gone right
back baby
there's like and we have to walk around
on clean these little things there's
like little pieces of peeps everywhere I
like my face I like my eyes the same
without for the protection which we
should have had I think I think we're
done but on that note Happy Easter
this this was fun
we're now back in Santa Monica lock you
with my parents and my dad said we have
to check out the store new store called
beep it's literally a beat there's
literally just to be electric bikes and
stuff
you're cool homeboy how to make beer I
guess well your bro that's cool what is
the scale oh look at this here the
presets do you can like turn the corner
identifies what you made right that's
cool tea can pre-program it's tough yeah
pretty cool this keyboard on better yes
thank you
the bee actually stands for beta which
is the name of this place and this store
doesn't make money off any other
products that they sell what it is is
that all these products their creators
spend money they pay for the base for
their product to be here and this is
their test market so then they get the
analytics of how well it did in an
actual store and they can use that to
give to distributors hello you hurry is
she screaming you look sad
no no she's enjoying it okay guys that
is all that we got for you for today I
hope you guys enjoyed watching I also
hope that you had a very or are having
you're having a good or if you're
watching this after tomorrow the middle
be you having to these two yeah so still
today have a good time with your
families yeah don't know I really tried
I got a say as a describer don't don't
put a speck on cuz I take it out like do
not put bottle rockets into the rectum
of rectums of peeps on that note we will
see you guys again soon goodbye
