hey guys um hello sorry I'm heading over
to actually to Batali's place right now
to meet up with Dennis I don't know if
the tags come with us but we are
shooting a video for Dennis's deeds
channel so I did this one this was a
cool idea I'm excited for this one
so I'm gonna go meet up with them and
then we'll get going we'll start
shooting that I know a lot of you guys
that play Grand Theft Auto five are
gonna recognize this gas station let it
focus yep it's a real gas station I
always pass it driving this way and it's
so funny to see it in the game people
are thinking people think that
everything in the game is just created
for the game but it's all pretty much
based off real stuff over here of course
you would find this you have like the
Nutella cookbooks everywhere oh yeah do
tons give it to me they sign it to
brother
oh really oh that's cool the Dudesons
all signed it have you made anything
from it have you made anything from the
cookbook it looks so weird with the
lights right now not yet I should right
yeah oh yes and not known to tell it
right now the chicken arms are getting a
little bigger
I hear though that if you looking to
tell off a booty you actually use a
routine yes three grams
oh you should show them what you did
your phone yellow but look what I did to
my phone but look let's my old former
look like it looks like I can import
look oh you can't let the iPhoto though
but I don't think I can do oh it's
supporting it to my iPhoto but I can't
do it on iTunes oh then get oh look I'm
importing everything oh yeah you want to
see the flag yeah I'm not gonna
you'll be able to blur in Oz well no I'm
a word is there is it gonna be bets not
gonna be booty I don't think that's that
bad right I don't think so
well you have seven hundred pictures
remaining I'm not gonna keep it on here
I'm good at Best Buy if you just pick
one up I guess Randy laptop give me a
sick video you love it and as for the
families it's perfect all right that's
good you did somebody have some fun yeah
we're at Best Buy right now we're trying
to finish that Genesis channel we're
getting this this lady she needs a new
laptop for her what do you owe for these
again her like five laptops we're
getting her five left you get a laptop
well we pretty much we went on
Craigslist and just to see who needs
help but we found this lady who she
needs money because she heard she needs
a computer her kids can't do homework on
it she needs to do work she's no money
yeah hers is broken now broken so the
kid was trying to do a homework her
daughter's gonna do her homework I think
in there's 30 minutes of froze yeah so
she's like frustrated she went on
Craigslist and put an ad on yeah so
we're here Dennis
it's like we got we got to get her we
gotta get a laptop so we found one that
was perfect we're getting her this
brand-new HP right here Oh perfect
now we just need to find someone who
works here to buy it we can't find any
help so let's find some help well guys
it hasn't rained in LA for like the last
month month
and that today right as we're going over
to shoot it it ranked pretty heavy so I
kind of screwed that whole thing up but
you know not able to take the camera out
in the rain or do anything like that but
tennis was like well hey I bought them
the laptop like I'm gonna give it to
them so they were so happy they were
awesome he's such a nice guy for doing
that you know regardless of the video so
that that didn't happen he's still gonna
do something like that but now we're
just gonna grab something to eat well
we're back in Batali's right now I think
I gotta go home I'm gonna do some work
oh no don't take that no no no I can't
put that in the blog well this is the
last time you'll see me in Vitalis
places he won't have anymore at the
screen yeah you see this room they know
that I'm very jumpy I'm going home
oh yeah I'm going home guys guys that
was so much fun I'm looking at my I'm
reading comments now from you know
yesterday's vlog and and the one before
that and everything you guys are so
awesome you're so supportive this is
crazy that I'm still getting this many
views I just it's so weird to me it's so
different because I was you know I was
happy with like wow I hit like
at 2,000 views today on that video and
now I'm like oh my god I think I just
hit 10,000 and it's not even the end of
the day so you guys are killing it this
is nuts
you guys are helping this girl you guys
are buying shirts I see that coming in
today I'm like whoa so please if you
bought an 18 shirt when you get that in
the mail make sure you send me a picture
of yourself wearing it you can tweet it
to me you could it tweeting is just
between me and Alex but now it's easy or
you can email a picture of yourself to
me email Alex Mandel it's three words
I'm not just telling you to email alex
meadow so email Alex Mandel at gmail.com
you can send me a picture that way so
crazy I always have fun doing these
kinds of things you know shooting with
Dennis and Vitaly and always so great so
much fun so thanks guys for supporting
for doing all this stuff I'm like
literally pacing in my place right now
because I'm aimlessly walking while I'm
talking to you trying to look like I
have something to do when I don't
actually I do I gotta finish up some
work I do editing work other than
editing my blog so I gotta get to that
start doing that but thanks you guys
thank you guys so much for your
continued support so awesome I
appreciate it and I know that we're
gonna have a lot of fun doing this and
doing this vlog and we're gonna do some
fun stuff guess it's gonna happen so
thank you guys so much for watching and
I will see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
Who am I speaking to oh this is great oh
well this is this is Alex Mandel it is
actually me
