hey guys how's it going nothing you
could answer me right now but it's a
cake because most times when I talk to
people they don't answer me anyway uh
sorry I'm kind of starting a little bit
late today cuz today I had to do some
work in the morning and then i had a
couple meetings so i'm free now and i
think that my friend Jake is gonna head
over we'll do whatever but I'm gonna
start vlogging now it's just it's never
too late to vlog during the day even
though it's not during the day right now
this is like where it's like it the most
awkward intro ever that's my life guys I
had some more purchases come in for my a
team shirts and like I told you guys for
those of you that don't know because
you're just joining us now because we
got that huge amount of subscribers
yesterday I do sell my a team shirts and
I should be wearing one right now but
about but I do sell my a team shirts and
if you buy one and you put a note in the
note to seller you put your phone number
I will call you and personally thank you
for buying one on the vlog so I think
there's a cup of you that have left your
phone number i'm going to call one right
now it's a little bit like on the later
side to call the people here in the US i
think it's a perfect opportunity to call
brooke Roberts who's in Australia so ah
this will be my first call to thank
someone in Australia so that'll be cool
hopefully I I figure out how to call
Australia we'll see okay this is my
first attempt at trying to call
Australia I don't know if this is gonna
work I don't know how to dial out to
there but let's let's see calm Brooke
Roberts
I'll try again I guess I don't know how
to do this let's try this again round
two hopefully
set the ringtone somewhere
e
hello who's this who's this this is
Darla you don't sound like you're from
Australia Darla no it's not Miguel I'm
actually um no I'm trying to call
someone in Australia and I don't know
how to call Australia oh ok I got that I
got this one wrong yeah both of us
should probably get off the phone cuz
i'm calling from LA ok well thank you
damn it round to fail go over around
three hopefully I get it this time ah
this is this round three I don't know
what to do if I don't get it let's let's
try this come on right right
on Who am I speaking with my Who am I
speaking to oh this is Brooklyn oh well
this is this is Alex Mandel my god it is
actually me and you sound like you are
actually from Australia I just called
someone in Costa Rica trying to call
Australia oh you're at school well I
don't mean to interrupt your school day
I just wanted to thank you ok cool i
just wanted to call them thank you for
buying an a team shirt you shaky right
now well thank you so much for
supporting and i hope that you have a
good rest of your school day it's cut
its night here but I'm glad I'm glad I
finally caught you well thanks so much
for watching and supporting and I'll
you'll watch this tomorrow on the vlog I
wouldn't hurt this man henham I'm yeah
so friends if I give over Alex forgot
what to say I did I forgot Jake Angela
and look at this light is working Wow
ace is making split yeah but I'm here it
actually works the outdoors and this
light yeah you guys are enjoying this
and now I'm just shining lights in your
face super bright but yeah we're gonna
go see the lego movie down a third
street I'm excited to see it I'm really
stuff I think I'd be good was your idea
oh just take that idea she found out
what what time it started do you guys
think that the mullet suit them better
than Roman let this it kind of does it
gotta do suits you guys normally that's
kind of
oh yeah you know that's what happens in
your from Vettes it just suits you you
know how you grew up oh you're out
moment in Venice what's the verdict
what'd you think of the lego movie loved
it you did what did you think of the
lego movie honey what did you think of
the lego movie Angela hey Korea that's
what fell asleep okay it was good you
guys should definitely go check it out
it was good i recommend if you're of age
to be intoxicated because it makes it
that much better oh you open both boom
what like awkward oh I knew you read
that I knew you read that okay guys with
their head now and I think it's it's
getting kind of late look I could see
them I haven't security thing turned on
my TV right now no one will stand in the
middle so awkward anyway guys I'm gonna
edit this blog I'm put it up and I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
thanks whoa
crazy
