hey guys so Romans gone today
he just left this morning I didn't wake
up in time to say goodbye that's why I
said last night if you saw in the vlog
but he left me with an amazing gift and
what he left me with was that vlog that
he that went up today his or yesterday
now while you're watching this he told
you guys I guess the ones that came from
his channel to subscribe to mine and you
got he always tells me he goes Roman
soldiers are strong he goes they're
loyal they're great he always talks so
highly of you guys and he's like I'm
telling you man he's like they'll
they'll love you I just want to show
them your channel and I was like ok he
goes I'm telling you man we you know I'm
gonna I'm gonna tell them about yours
and I was like ok I expected maybe at
the most I was like ooh that'll be
exciting if I get like 500 new
subscribers that would be awesome that'd
be so cool well I'm checking my new
subscribers I was at I was surprised
that I was at 17,000 subscribers
yesterday so I was like cool 17,000 it's
awesome
I am now look at this let it focus very
focus twenty five thousand eight hundred
forty-seven but here's the crazy thing I
just opened this if i refresh the page
look at that it's about to it's probably
gonna hit 26 this is like I'm still mid
today this is nuts
you guys are awesome he totally you guys
are so great this is like blowing my
mind right now I'm sorry I'm just so
shocked I went to the top gainers in the
last hour on did SATs actions like the
YouTube rankings and I was looking I was
like okay so let me see what everyone's
gaining and then I was like whoa no way
there's Alex Mandel vlog is number 28 in
the world for top gainers for the last
hour that I've been checking I was like
okay I'm gonna check the last four hours
eight hours 32 I'm like what is going on
this is crazy and I'm looking and I'm
like seeing all these other big names
like in the last hour so yeah I'm number
28 and I look at jenna Marbles who is
huge and she's number 44 in the last
hour
this is nuts guys we are let's we're
doing this we're doing this together
this is like blowing my mind I'm you
know this isn't this isn't me bragging
look at how much I'm getting this is me
like trying to thank you and Roman and
this is this is amazing so thank thank
all of you guys thank you to you guys
for checking this out we're gonna have
fun we're gonna do some fun stuff on
this channel I'll tell you that and I'm
also working on some prank stuff to do
put on my main channel
so that'll come soon I'll let you guys
know on here of course and we'll do that
very soon Wow
you guys are gonna be shocking me all
day this is crazy
Brandon's coming over now we're gonna
bring sort of some cool prank ideas and
then maybe even go out and mess with
some people tonight I don't know oh oh
oh my god jumping all over me oh my god
oh my god it's got attacked we're down
at third Street I'm hungry but the
problem is there's not a lot of people
here and I wanted to mess with some
people so we'll see what we can do if we
could find a bunch of people but if not
I'll figure something out
so we didn't have any luck on third
street finding people because it's just
it's a weeknight and it's dead and no
one's out so we figured we trying to try
to find something that's still open so
we figured I I like I like those fast
food pranks and an easy one to do which
we're gonna do is he's gonna order his
food and then I'm gonna hide behind the
truck and as soon as they're handing him
the food I'm just gonna steal it I'm
just gonna run in between the window and
his car and I'm gonna steal the food I
don't know what kind of reaction we'll
get but it just sounds fun it's just
something fun to do on a dead night hi
how you doing can I get a 99-cent
chicken sandwich with no mayonnaise and
no cheese on it
okay and that's it for me thank you so
much
how's it going pretty good
thank you
thank you
Thanks whoo
crazy
so I buy another sandwich yeah can I get
a 99-cent chicken sandwich with no
mayonnaise and no cheese
and sandwich oh thank you thank you guys
I'm back at my place now and I think
that Oh Nikita's rapping oh oh ah nikita
again
oh okay guys well I'm back at my place
now I know what a lot of your comments
are gonna be and it's oh we didn't get
to see his face well we really were only
able to try it at one place that was our
first go at it and his his bar thing
covered the guy's face but it was funny
it was great and then the guy is looking
at the at the sidewalk and sees me get
back into the car I just I want I wish
there was a camera on him to see what
his reaction was when he saw that we
were together together in a platonic way
I'm not Dez I'm straight anyway I'll try
more stuff like that and keep having
things going to vlog the vlog I'm just
messing around I am gonna we're coming
up with some pranks for my main channel
those will be six so stay tuned for that
but I hope that you guys still enjoyed
my effort to mess with people and have
fun that's like a typical you know night
that we just messing with people
so I will see you guys again tomorrow
and thank you so much for all these
crazy this number of subscriptions I
just hit as I'm ending this vlog right
now I just hit 30,000 subscribers what
yesterday I was hoping to hit 20 I was
under 20 and I am at 30 today so thank
you guys so much you guys are so amazing
I will keep bringing you more fun stuff
and we're gonna have fun time that's all
this is you you guys and I start comment
you know what tell me what you guys want
to see what do you want me to mess up
people what do you want to do you know
what you want to see in this and we'll
make this fully interactive and you guys
can pretty much you know help control my
vlogs and we'll do this together so much
fun so amazing I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye I gotta show you what
he's doing
No
