hey guys it's super tax give you that
just mean - yeah it's it's a little bit
on the lighter side I'm actually heading
to dinner right now which means I didn't
vlog for the whole first part of the day
we're driving right now taking the coast
so they don't have to hit traffic look
at that that is my view every day so I
have nothing to complain about but I I'm
gonna go get dinner and then hopefully
have more stuff to vlog for you later
today later tonight I'll say guys
racquet my place now I didn't really
film too much I actually didn't film any
of our dinner but Roma did so if you
want to see us having dinner you can
look at his but anyway so after having a
big burrito for dinner I had to unload
and the scariest part about being here
when Romans here is not being with him
to know where he is because I know I'm
so jumpy which is the worst and they all
Roman and all of them know this so I
come out of my room right here and
normally you just go down the stairs but
I am so terrified now that I'm gonna get
scared that I like checked I walk slowly
to see if Rome was in his room then
stuck my head under over here and I'm
like is he under the stairs I felt so
good about it I was like he must be like
over there or something I'm walking here
so slow and you know what he was so give
me the footage I'll give you the footage
oh you okay fine
you know what guys just check this out
just watch this
so guys if you've noticed my hair has
been growing out and it's time for a
haircut but I am NOT at executive cut
and shave this time today cherish love
is here I don't know dude how is this
gonna work are we just gonna cut hair in
the kitchen not my kitchen okay on the
roof yeah you're getting your hair cut
too right what's that you cut you're
cutting their hair to hem on yeah I
guess I could use a little tune yeah and
also she brought me this how cool is
this guys thank you I'm gonna drink out
of this tonight
so yeah well now I can finally use these
this size I couldn't lose it yesterday
now it's perfect now I can make my
screwdriver in here that works let's
just shave it down I'm gonna throw me
the whole time make sure just for my
safety purposes that I what are you
doing I'm just blogging you vlogging you
get the must that now you have a
mustache he's a mustache okay mr. chip
anytime you point that hair at me I feel
like she's gonna yeah we're scaring me
all these times shave it off yeah yeah a
reverse mohawk okay mom that's good my
turn
guys what do you think I think it looks
great as always
so I normally like when I normally show
them as soon as I get home and stuff but
I'm at home and you're still here so
thank you cherish love and this is this
is at Mikasa at my place that week I
don't want you to have to keep driving
out here every time oh well then let's
do it
cool gather up all this hair on the
ground this is Roman in my hair I'm
gonna put it in a baggie and we're doing
a giveaway I'm just kidding I'm gonna
vacuum it right now so because I have
here in my kitchen
sorry Roman we'll keep it down you're
just looking at me okay
I'm gonna clean there
why won't it go on well how do I this is
just it's the power button I think it's
the plug no maybe just push that button
yeah now let me try
boom i I got this
thank you
looking six oh and you did your hair you
put stuff in it well this is that is oh
is that just how it is it's natural it
is how it is that is how it is
okay well of course I'm gonna be seeing
you real soon
does this hair grows quick yeah but for
now it looks great so thank you all
right guys
I took Alex's camera I gotta show you it
I gotta show you what he's doing
it's yours now yours yeah baby just to
make you have a problem this however to
tell the a-team this is proper
exercising I want to open up all the
shades and let your neighbors watch at
least you have shorts on this time okay
guys well after that complete invasion
of privacy in my exercise time that's I
I got nothing more for you today you
guys got it all so I will see you guys
again tomorrow but I'm not gonna see you
tomorrow you're leaving
I'm not what time you leaving hey I'm
not gonna be seeing Roman tomorrow so
goodbye it's been good having here will
you come back soon I think
right always yeah you always bet it
happens I'm just saying whoa okay well
way to just like kill my excitement you
just took this whole thing into a dark
place anyways guys I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
oh that looks really really cool
