I hear blogging no don't wait the jumper
scares no I can hear you vlogging all
the way up the elevator well there's no
it's a Friday night so a lot of people
are gonna be out tonight and I'm just
with Robin we don't really want to go to
the bar and hang out so that's not as
much fun as going to the bars just to
mess with people and we're gonna go down
third Street see if we could find to use
on the unsuspecting victims Roman just
picked up some sick Mullins he's got a
blog one doesn't match but mine yeah
rocky I know we were looking for
something that to like scare people I
don't know if this is gonna scare people
it's way better than not scary bro I get
a bobby pin it back
this is the real Rome oh yeah oh my god
wait a second this is stop for a second
let me just get the side looking good
that's that should be a good look guys I
want you you saw me with the mullet now
you see this with that this hair which
one which one do you like him with the
moment so or me with the mullet and
which one which one of these suits who I
want to know which ones like better side
this okay I showed you guys the side
that my hair was exposed to here there's
a good look right yeah okay
the danger zone or my toys-r-us my
closet I like it one like if you guys
have seen my vlog about my favorite
liquors you'll know that so Roman and I
are gonna have a drink and then we're
gonna head out to go mess with some
people because that's the best thing to
do after a drink woo get one big I use
beer glasses for this to see
I should be good on the vodka right that
looks about even now to turn it into a
screwdriver boom and guys just so you
know I always give you these these Bart
ain't it's rhomin don't touch that any
mixed drink you have that has orange
juice any drink at all that has orange
juice
I mean that's an alcoholic tree you have
to stir it up I'm using a bar spoon you
could use a regular spoon whatever you
want but you're just orange juice
doesn't mix well with liquor so this is
super important in your getting drunk
process Cheers
Roman it's very good to letting go oh
you're drunk this is like that
one sip quitter one-hitter quitter one
once it sets now that week I you have to
you have a tiny bit left now that we've
pretty much finished our liquid sexiness
I'm definitely these are pulling
fireworks so at least that's what
they're called that's what it says on
them but they have a string that comes
out of either side of them and you just
grab either side and you pull them and
the middle explodes and it makes a very
loud bang so we're gonna head down to
Main Street and just kind of squeeze
past the crowds and then freaked out
because oh my god we hear a bag that
just saying it out loud I realize it's a
stupid idea but that little bit of
liquid sexiness makes me think it's a
little bit okay guys we got this small
more camera ready to go
we've been I've been drinking
we're getting ready to exactly that's
how he looks when we're shooting any of
it
I'm already miked up I got my mic right
here I don't know if he is it see ya but
um yeah we're just gonna go take a
deeper oh okay oh no guys don't drink
and walk so we're gonna go we just
called it uber because clearly we're not
gonna drive and then we're just gonna go
see how this goes oh shit okay I'm
filming right now and filming is great
until you watch someone fucking puke
look at that oh that's a lot that's a
lot of puke filming on Main Street when
people are coming out of bars sometimes
isn't the most pleasant thing at all
whoa shit oh oh hey let's get the shit
out of me I didn't do anything I didn't
do anything
no what's that
oh there goes our cab our cab just left
we couldn't even take a nude we had to
run into a cab because Roman did the
last one and the guy literally like
Roman pulls the Firecracker and the guy
goes I'm gonna slit your throat and
starts chasing us so we just hopped in a
cab he's like there's a cab right that
we just get in a cab and we leave and
that's when I feel super confident like
I'm I'm scared shitless I'm like a
little princess running away like no and
as soon as I'm in the cab driving off
then I get all hardcore and I'm like
yeah okay guys what I had so much fun
doing that that's like my favorite thing
just to go out and mess with people
scare them and hey you know what if they
get pissed at me like that's just a
bonus that's part of it but we had so
much fun doing this you know we were a
little like I don't know how legal this
is but hey we got great reactions and I
had a lot of fun so thanks guys for
watching you had fun I know that he's
laughing
first girl goes I pull it she goes
you're a retard and he's just dying
across the street cuz he already knows
that I am anyway well I had a great time
I hope that you guys enjoyed watching
that so I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye is it not
