hello guys another beautiful day here
instead of Monica California we're just
taking a relaxed day on the on the roof
oh man it's the best actually is
actually some inconvenient I know just
yeah and this is this is like it's the
worst office in the world to have to
just sit up here and do work Sam just
got here I'm not doing this one this
one's a something that Sam actually came
up with you guys know Roman and then his
famous snake prank well Sam came up with
a really cool twist on it which is
instead of just pulling the string out
to attach the fishing line to like a
clip and they're just gonna clip it on
people when they run and be like oh my
god there's a snake that way the snake
is chasing them no matter where they're
yeah okay well I didn't blog for a
little bit today while my friend krysta
was here she came and we went and
grabbed lunch and hung out for a little
bit
and I just kind of left my blog camera
here when we went out for lunch so I
didn't do that
but she headed out I went to the post
office sent out some more shirts of if
you guys are waiting for them they went
out today and then yeah just waiting on
guys come back and then we'll meet up
and probably go to dinner that's what
we're doing you know what I'm gonna go
downstairs and I saw that Roman just
texted me and said that they were on
their way back from shooting and there's
only one way pretty much that they go
into my building so I'm gonna go there
because there's a great place to hide
and see if I could get a quick little
scare out of them why not they were
already waiting here for me to come to
them
yeah job all of you
I'm going to dinner cuz I'm hungry and
I'm with Sam heck see this light is just
blinding you and Roman yeah it does it
works I think we're gonna go to Punta
burger right what are we going to tell
you them better than porn over go get
the best hardest meat yeah you got the
thickness fur burgers with duck butter
guys I lied to you we're not getting fur
burgers with duck butter we're actually
gonna go get Italian because our non
meat-eating hipster friend Sam we just
fucking strike one now I really know you
didn't thought crying we're not gonna
make him cry cuz those hipsters crying
no Presley hipsters cry a lot you know
the one with the Hondo Palmas oh yeah i
know i get i get a hipster all the time
but that's the only thing hipster about
me i eat meat but anyway we're gonna go
find the tie in place so that he can
have fun or during actual food thank you
time for dessert Wow we came for
swingers for dessert so we get some of
that goodness rum and hate go hello mom
brownie sundae
they found my mush Milligan so we got
marshmallows ya know they shoot pretty
hard we're just messing around with
these now here you want to try you want
to try to catch them dudududu dude wait
where can I hit you okay well I want to
go oh it's hit oh wait wait wait oh you
gotta shoot the salt and pepper off of
that oh no do you hit one on it 100
clothes they shoot hard I hit the pepper
again what you guys doing a point blank
on Roman a forehead okay not the eye
yeah don't get the eye Wow no way no way
no way free Oh God
is it not no those are forehead malos
how you have a ring you have anything no
it's not bad no oh no it's starting
yeah well I have a circle yeah we also
bought balloons for the laser okay ready
and we also bought balloons for the
laser okay ready and oh you got the
string we now have a marshmallow on a
fishing string and we're gonna hold it
and somebody has to stand where they
think it's not gonna hit them scary
I'm not moving I'm not moving the begun
ready hour on first ready and whatever
and and degree was just like let it go
he goes and you know and it's through
okay guys well that's all I have for you
today cuz that's all I have for me today
I'm not doing anything else I'm gonna
edit this and then I'm gonna go to bed
because I'm tired and I think okay well
they got meetings tomorrow all that
stuff so whatever I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
