hey guys dude up dude I'm in the car
with mr. Robley mr. Kevin mr. Brody are
Dennis I did everyone's first names of
yours anyway we're going to go shoot the
prank you guys will see it we're just
going right now to meet up with I think
we're meeting up with Sam pepper right
cuz we gotta borrow something and we
want for the prank of course yeah but
we're gonna go do that this camera right
on the angry in the description as a
Kickstarter page get some weight you
definitely just twist on good start to
the break with Sam drops is not let his
knife grooves on this one yeah there is
dude it popped out flames
there was definitely a twist there's a
twist you know yeah that's job he fix
that and just wipe the lens well we got
a few good ones get a red right now
we're back in Santa Monica
there's the pier over there I think we
may just try it just try the pier Oh
with that is that Grand Festival oh nice
and I'm like wow that's based it off of
a real place they didn't build this
whole street games so big there yeah
everything everything here is we even
have to get that weird gas station I
wanted to start being able to vlog at
night when it's dark so I got a new
light it looks totally get out right now
but that's because to actually hold it
like right under my camera and film
myself it was super bright my face was
like white
so I put two layers of wax paper and a
rubber band and let's see how help right
this is see it's still very bright but
at least like here I'll go into a dark
room and hopefully you guys will see at
least now see like if I'm at like a club
or something you guys can see me pretty
well let me see in the mirror yeah so
look I'm in a pitch-black room right now
so this is this is like now I'm able to
go outside before we're like ah but we
can't vlog here because they won't be
able to see anything so now you guys
camp so I don't make my vlogs that much
better
guys I normally tweet out to you when
I'm on when I'm gonna be on omegle but I
know that all you guys also follow Roman
obviously because I think you guys most
of you have found me through him but
he's tweeting out that I'm just showing
him how to use a mega right now he's
messing around with and I think he's
tweeting out to you guys so maybe we'll
chat with some of you don't worry when I
do it like actually for mine I will
tweet it out and send out in the mailing
list so that you guys can get it
you know turn your volume down what's up
baby what are you talking about you on
your phone with your girlfriend or what
it's okay holy hell what's up dude
you're killing it
what up dude yeah I figured I figured
I'd pop on and say hi I'm vlogging you
right now oh yeah man
what's your name bro Ricky all right
what's up
Brazil oh yeah man what's up what are
you doing sleeping masturbate what's up
what time is it - aw stop that it's not
9 9 p.m. here do you know that that is
here what's that
I'm vlogging you right now what yeah
it's me - how's it going
that's why everybody says I might have
to say well I'm right here what what
about me yes oh my god
what up homie haven't even been on your
45s don't you lie to me I'm I haven't
even been on your 45 minutes
what's up dude what's what's up it's
1:00 a.m. where you at Tampa Florida oh
yeah nice yeah what up holy shit it's
Mark Wahlberg you're in the vlog baby
you're in the hello how's it going
nothing too much just hanging out
wait were you from Northern Virginia
how's it over there how's the weather
there oh we got like 14 inches of sand
on our beaches do it oh shit what's up
really at least you have your little
pirate friend there to keep you company
what's up you've been waiting a while no
I posted no
but I'm not roaming and Soviet aren't
you looking for Roman hey man what's
going on what's your name Robert Robert
well you're on like you're on my blog
right now well but wait you're from
would you say you're from California
around here what part the part
California okay I know what it is that's
cool you've been on here while looking
for us well I'm gonna bring I'm gonna
bring Roman in so you could vlog with
him sure y'all what up you know man you
gonna be you're gonna be in my blowin
tomorrow all right man you're in you're
in you want to do it yeah all right you
know you know the words yeah that's
pretty good
okay guys well my camera is I actually
would love to do more omegle myself my
camera is running super low on battery
it's probably gonna die while doing this
anyway so I'm gonna be doing some more
stuff tomorrow Roman and then we have
meetings so I'm gonna be going out
probably with some of my friends so I
will see you guys again tomorrow
good bye
