yay hey guys well I was rubbing this
right now and I think I'm gonna do like
my first we're prepping for the first
prank I'm gonna do with them and we had
to find a t-shirt shop it's right here
yeah we gotta find t-shirt shop make us
some shirts you guys can see what it is
soon but I'm excited to to prep for this
Mitali decided to join us for breakfast
as he was he was feeling lonely at home
watching them shoot pranks for metallic
about to leave Venice Beach and they got
to take me home so they go to meetings
you guys take me home still don't forget
you're wearing those ridiculous glasses
oh yes sure thank you my place now just
shot like a little video thing with
Vitaly that they were doing but yeah all
of them went to go to their meetings
they got meetings today I'm just hanging
I think I got to go ship out some more
shirts you guys still buying more shirts
which is awesome so I'm gonna head out
to the post office if you guys have
bought a shirt don't worry sending it
out today so be looking in your mailbox
for that within the next few days I just
wanted to go pick up those shirts we
ordered they came in I can't really I'm
gonna show you guys what's on and that's
part of the surprise of the prank so you
guys will see and trust me I'll let you
know we're doing that and you'll see on
the vlogs pretty much behind the scenes
of us doing that but I'm excited for
this on this one should be fun just had
myself some dinner made some pasta and
some salad had some salad and stuff and
now I think Romans on his way back so
we're gonna block me some more well
we're at Sports Chalet right now it's it
closes at 9:00 it's about five after
9:00 but they let us in because we
wanted to mess around tonight with his
rubber snake okay I have a good
breakfast I'm not about to I meant that
we're just gonna go have fun and kind of
mess with people so we're getting
fishing line right now and sports shall
it happen to be the closest thing we can
find when I parked my car there were
some homeless people next to my car and
asked me to buy them some beer so hey
they want some beer I'm gonna buy him
some beer oh I don't wanna get by a car
so I parked right over there enjoyed
that rock'n'roll no no drinking driving
traveling shopping shit right enjoy
Merry Christmas
she's got a tie that fishing line around
the snakehead and we're good to go we go
make some girls scream finally I've been
trying my whole life we just got to go
find some people dude hey take the
camera walk it out a smile more camera
I'm gonna pull some snakes
there's nobody out so hopefully we'll
get whatever we can get yeah yeah we'll
get some well it'll be you know just
gotta stay positive
okay guys back at my place now look
mister roadies here I think we do we
leave you here you've been sleeping
beside us it man it's uh time to wake up
and finish my blog all right yeah I'm
going going to edit this now and then
tomorrow we got a big prank oh it's my
first big like great collaboration with
you guys that's a great idea
so happy we get to do this perfect
yeah so I'm excited this will be my
first prank collaboration with them and
I'm gonna get some sleep for that so I
gotta edit this and put it up I'll see
you guys again tomorrow good bye oh yeah
triangle to shoot yet Twitter all right
miss Helia X and circle steals
