hey guys
the trip is officially over cuz now
we're up enough bio is II don't want man
oh you're leaving - okay time to get rid
of the bang maghen we're back here to
drop back off and it's kind of got food
all over the floor everything but hey we
used if a road trip that's what happens
guys I told you that if you ordered one
of my shirts that you should always send
in a picture of yourself wearing them
and I will feature you so so far I
really haven't got too many pictures I'm
happy you guys are by them and sporting
them and do whatever you're doing but I
want to thank Shannon Evans for sending
in her picture here this is her miss
with a team shirt I see oh I know her
dude yeah yeah what's your commenting
and liking she's cool she's from
Columbus I think right I believe so
actually yeah man umber is the thing
where they give you the number we call
yes I think she sent her number let's
see what's the area code in Columbus do
you know that well that's that's she's
six one four really yeah so let's hold
up well I'm not gonna show her not okay
yeah let's call her she'll be mine long
it's like the time is in Columbus right
five five hey let's go
ah hello ah yeah Who am I speaking with
Chanin hey Shane Alec it might be Alex
yeah with a great voice right got my
voice so I wanted to call and personally
thank you for buying an 18 shirt and I
saw the picture yeah it looks like it
looks really good on you oh thank you oh
and then well right oh do you recognize
the other voice let's see how I see how
well she can recognize the voices yeah
good let's take one more voice one more
voice that's really impressive
what up Shannon what what's up girl
yeah wow he knows okay watching thanks
for supporting love you oh my daughter
is freaking out right next to me saying
put them on speaker
say hi to Alex looks like hi Alison hi
hello how are you
Oh God oh it's good you sound good thank
you thank you for calling
all right see Alison right okay well
thank you for supporting him I will see
you get on the vlogs
alright see ya laughs right
she was able to get all of our names
like just by hearing voices
so I guess she listens to our voice
every day yesterday we're getting a line
and this guy walked up talking to
battalion
walks up because you Dennis Roady my god
it's up because I recognize your voice
you kind of do have that distinct voice
though I know you I would know your
voice right away well guys I'm getting
I'm getting more good I got another
picture kind of in in now from the 18
this is Nick Platt thank you for
supporting a team like I said I'm going
to feature the love you send me a
picture of you wearing it so those
either have bought it and haven't sent
me a picture I want to see you wearing a
team shirt so send them in I'm here with
the boys and Greg for coming here to
hang out with burn Troyer with mini me
filming them up from here from Austin
Powers what's up dude what's happening
how's it going bro
nigga what's up much a wrestling yo cap
pops water coffee okay we got it we got
to show you hell yeah isn't it so yes I
show you the place Brown's desk chair
which is a bra amazing yeah that's
amazing that you cheated on her and that
she pranked him saying that she did too
okay so you got a look at there go to
the menu and you connect your tea
together you do that that's cool now
watch this it's not so awesome place
furniture in the hood baby you got miss
feet on wall oh he's a Steelers fan
though yeah I like the Steelers Tommy
Brady
rocky Roe yeah that's cool dude that's
already there just chew my brother's
desk and it's really actually difficult
to come up with a creative photo so how
do we all fit in here
here make sure that right you guys did
you guys fit you guys fan humming square
the square mode yeah yeah you too
awesome
and I got my 18 push in there that's
subliminal slim ladies look at you -
fuck up you ain't trying to go up to
shoot yet Twitter all right I'm gonna
steal your eggs and circle steals all
right let's do it
any switch guys it does it automatically
what about passed long shot baby boom
that passes ex okay jump in Danny yeah
let's do good this is a actually
basically jump
what shoot what's what splat water
should be n square oh damn my bird it
was good seeing you again
thank you oh how yesterday hey I will
yeah I will my burn huh
five-run just what I was talking about a
I'm close to dropping off Greg but like
I might a gasps oh damn it what walking
are you walking I'm walking are you
walking
you need me to go get you I don't have a
can we'll go get yes it's okay Greg easy
of gas in your car I have a ton of gasps
oh my god good okay well can we go get
some gas for my car to do it okay
I always make Alex pump my gas with me
I learned oh this is a win-win for me
bro cuz I got I got candy oh you make
fun of me I got candy how much how much
money like under me what am I at hate
ball okay I can go tonight
no I can't well oh I think I'm Phil
we're good we got to go feeling like hot
get this thing moving this is vlog
ception right here how do we do this oh
you got it you got it you got to start
it we gonna suck it oh yeah
haha dude honestly I think we should do
this more often
hey I'm enjoying myself okay let's give
this a go ready ready boom that's
amazing in put that in there in the
truck started hey you should do that
before you throw such a dick
yeah well we went because I wanted more
ink for my printer and they closed at
9:00 so I thought we're going to make it
as soon as I got the gas back in my car
it was nine o'clock so we're back at my
place now and I have no ink and we're
gonna go upstairs and probably not
recording psych oh you asshole well guys
uh I'm just going to edit out what are
you left it out we're not doing anything
right oh yeah are you gonna edit your
vlog right now my watch wolf of
wallstreet
we should wish want to fill up a whole
screen for three okay yeah we're gonna
watch wolf of Wall Street we're gonna
add this and it's gonna be done so I
will see you guys again tomorrow so
until tomorrow
smile I'm scared so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
goodbye time for gas you feeling this
bitch up let's pump it up what about the
van that's high
