hey guys it's a new day today and we're
gonna be doing something fun now I know
I told you guys that eventually I will
teach this one how to surf and we will
do that yeah we will eventually
eventually but not today nope because
today we are going to get a surfboard
but we're doing something different with
it today we're going to go skateboarding
on a surfboard keyboard to surf worth
keyboard surf skate sis yeah okay sir
yeah well we're going to need latex
magic surf skate we call the rent ooh a
couple of surf shops and we found one
that has a used board for $75 oh that's
pretty good pretty good deal so we're
going to head over there and pick it up
maybe they'll have something different
that we want but I think that's what
we're going to stick with yeah
oh my god you make me so nervous like I
know you got it but like like I know
you're doing it on purpose
call it
Oh
Thank You surfer chick right there that
works okay we can fight with the beats
down there we go perfect
really nice new car yeah we got the
board yes we found a good one
yes so now we need to head over to Home
Depot because we got to grab something
from over there I don't know it's fun
yeah I could but we I just make it a
quick quick pit stop we were going to go
with some sort of like a sheet metal
type of deal type of thing but as I was
walking I was thinking maybe we'll just
do like a plexiglass so we are at the
place glass section let's see what they
got away this whole thing that no no
that's that no yeah no I was something
like you noticing yeah you like going to
be yeah perfect now we're jumping on
words that we're not sure we have again
some independent truck companies you
thought to be fitting you know what we
are yeah and then it already comes with
all this these are the bearings are
going to throw into which is cool they
actually have this skateboard for the
baby and they have a all-american
surfboard okay boys look at the radiance
that one right there 30
one step closer a few days ago I showed
Andrea movie I showed her Lords of
Dogtown which I loved that movie
I loved the documentary to Dogtown
z-boys all of that for those of you
don't know what it is look it up it's
pretty much just the launch of
skateboarding
it's where skateboarding came from which
is pretty which is here started in
Venice California at the storm regret
they have a lot of really cool like
memorabilia sign skateboards like Tony
Alva bunch of powell-peralta stuff
Stacy Peralta's brand our bearings that
we got our Powell brand so it's cool
that she watched the movie and now got
to see like all these big brands are
stemmed from those guys so if you
haven't seen those movies check them out
the agent not having any bolts that were
long enough to go through the entire
surfboard so we have to go find them and
we got one so that we can compare size
apparently this one's like super strong
and made for airplane the best we're not
going to get done we don't know exactly
what saws are going to go through we got
two different ones so we have this one
here and then we have a bigger one
so we're going to get both of these just
to make sure but now we need the
corresponding nuts hey we need their
3/16 like balls 3/16 false like nice
that's false that's
now that we're back I'm trying to figure
out truck placement here on the board
because I don't I feel like I don't have
to go too far back because if I leave
that that's probably strong I know that
this will be weak up here but if I
spread these out too far so if I move
this one to like here then I run the
risk of putting too much weight in the
middle of snapping it so I'm going to
have to try to figure this out okay
hope this goes straight through
cool we don't need to put the Plexiglas
on the bottom cos going to have this
whole metal piece but just for Saturday
that said that the screws don't rip out
from the top
yes it's fiberglass I don't know if you
saw how easy would like to start
drilling through it would pull the
screws straight through the board we're
trying to tear it or anything so we have
to put some sort of hard plastic bracket
on the top to screw into so the screws
can't pull through that and pull evenly
on all four so that's why we think this
over
we're just going to cut out two squares
is to put just on the top
like this is where we're going to get
comments where they saw it thoughts
there's and I'm still doing this by hand
yeah but it's not your sauce not my saw
first off and second if you try to solve
like to glance electric saw it's just
the friction like starts to melt it the
edges and I won't do that
that's why well now one more these now
it's time to put all this Hardware
together the first time you're putting
together a skateboard yeah I like these
a lot they're really satisfying
yeah those wheels yeah Andrea and I
decided to look on YouTube to see if
anyone else has done this and actually a
channel I really like has already done
this so what we're making our own the
channel I already did it called Braille
skateboarding I watched that just
because I grew up skateboarding so I
still love it which I did it more but I
kind of just loved it and live it
through that channel I've showed you a
bunch of videos too from that mm-hmm
the you build it we skate it videos cool
channel you guys should check it out I'm
just throw it look I'm throwing throwing
shoutouts everywhere and I don't even
know them now that we cut this we could
peel this off and it makes it extra
clean look at that we're also using
washers it's not super pretty but
hopefully it won't it'll make this
stronger we're going to try two small
screws first and see if that works you
do the long enough party of everything
Chloe
don't be scared I don't know it might be
okay let's see how much we got coming
out oh no that's not enough yeah
who that yeah that's long but but that's
what we'll have to work with these are
all tightened dog here's how it looks
here they look good right yeah does look
good
moving it heavy on it oh yeah I reckon
sir whoa did you feel like okay they are
pretty close maybe we can like cut like
a little hole on the bottom of it is
something you know because we have such
big screws I think you can get risers so
that's we're going to have to get risers
we are now into a new day we had to go
get some risers for the board and it was
just closed last night's week Palani
army went to a bunch of places and
nobody had the ones that we needed so
yeah so now we're putting them all we
just picked them up this morning and
we're going to try about we got two
half-inch risers for each side I'm going
to try an inch then hope that that no
clearing today nothing literally like
you see start to turn a little and it
just stops so because I tried a few
times off-camera to and it was just like
not going to happen look as that
clearance that is the clearance that I
think we definitely need it an hour that
yeah I think that's actually perfect
clearance it may look like a lot on here
but it was a nice it now we can turn it
all yesterday there you go
he's not holding me yeah normally you
guys needed you guys go to his Instagram
actually just Harvey bulldog
watch how I set my longboard out my
skateboard and I just pushed on the
ground here and pushed gone skateboard
by himself I was the person he ever did
he loves me on skateboard he just tried
with this one though he didn't really
get it because it's really slippery but
he's trying oh good yes really
understand this was before we go down
and try this board we have a very quick
announcement to make to it if you guys
haven't seen our vlog the truth about
our relationship I highly recommend you
go watch that but you know you guys
definitely voice a lot of concerns about
that and we felt that it was a little
unfair to just throw it out even sailor
we're not going to talk about it anymore
yeah so with that being said we do want
to talk about it and we want you guys
involved in what we're talking about so
we've decided that tomorrow we're going
to do a live Q&A at 1:00 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time now this will be kind of a
structured QA we will take some of your
questions live so get your questions
ready just to make sure we answer a lot
of important questions you guys can go
ahead and tweet us your questions today
either to her Twitter or mine which both
of them are in the description but it's
just at Andrew Wendell Alex Mandel and
we'll pick from those as well as picking
from you guys live tomorrow
it works
you still learning but look at her
whatever the truck awesome that's okay
this is like a little downhill street so
if you could just ride it because try
going like the other side stuff
how much fun was that oh it don't work
on tourism sale
seriously guys that thing is amazing
oh my god oh my god we're going to take
everybody off the lot yeah I would say
to her I was like yeah we're actually we
wanted to get down maple do it another
vlog for fly we want to take it like on
the boardwalk by the beach maybe through
Venice I think we get a lot of attention
but it's also just so much fun to ride
and maybe we'll end up making a second
one the both of us can ride them at the
same time that'd be pretty cool let us
know if you like these kinds of things
like we could go out and do some you
know adventures or rent things to go
ride or do things but I kind of like
these sort of more crafty things yeah I
think so cool out of it yeah I'm happy
that that we get to keep riding it yeah
but anyway if you like this kind of
stuff let us know in the comments below
and on that note that's all we got for
you for today so we will see you guys
again soon good bye what I've never been
you know what wait
