good morning
right now we're getting food before we
leave Vegas do whatever but I've Roman I
guess if you watch his blogs and Britney
obsessed with Outback
I've never been to Outback Steakhouse so
they're popping my Outback cherry I hope
it's good if you haven't had Outback yet
Alex doesn't hang out back you haven't
been out back do you have to go your
local neighborhood Outback Steakhouse
and get some outback he just got paid 20
grand and you got yours guys Outback was
good that's the verdict
is there hope oh the woods Oh
bloomin onion I thought some reason
things funfetti I don't know every way
roben I finally found a place that has
Wi-Fi like a lounge that we're just in
so that we could do the upload from
yesterday look it's already between 4:30
it's not focus whatever but it's 4:30
and my video it's going up there
it's almost done that's just processing
and our dicas so we finally found this
guy's by the time you guys are watching
this I will be home so I will be able to
upload much easier rot away over to New
York New York to go ride the Manhattan
Express the roller coaster you guys saw
on our way in here and the other vlog so
Dennis and then they all went to
stratosphere to ride those roller
coasters while we were getting our vlog
up but since they're over there doing
that now that we finished putting our
vlog up we're going to do this roller
coaster you guys like candy so I like
candy but look at this these are my hand
holy piss that nerd it is it's your
birthday
Oh what is that oh that's is that for me
oh it's really John
Robin Robin will you wear this for my
birthday yeah you know I here we go
you guys excited hold on to these
cameras I guess put my hands up in the
air here we go we get close to the top
flower hi
that was awesome but right when we got
on the roller coaster they specifically
they saw our cameras and they made an
announcement no cameras no nothing well
Roman had his out in sight I guess and
he got kicked off in two seconds and
then we kind of like faked putting the
cameras in the in the bin and then he
was smart enough to realize that real
coasters take pictures of you while
you're gone well I wish I could show you
but the picture that it took is just me
holding the vlog camera smiling laws on
the roller coaster so well whatever if
they kicked me off after we wrote it
doesn't matter but it was fun it's time
to leave this city I'm gonna go back to
LA go home we got to go meet up with the
rest of the of the group it goes over
you shut the fuck up oh shit
noise just shut the fuck up my god yeah
whatever anyway well I'm gonna shut the
fuck up and we're gonna go home you just
gotta be up the rest of it got our bags
out here just waiting for the band and
then we're on our way
I think everyone's ready to go everyone
looks kind of tired you beat yeah time
to go home we got our band we're going
back and guess what I'm not driving this
motherfucking is he's taking us home
goodbye Las Vegas good luck sorry time
for gas you feeling this bitch up look
what about the van
Oh baby no that's it I'm out of breath
my buddy Vitaly you're home you're home
now
once you're done with him okay when
you're done vlogging it was crazy last
night one of the best nights I've ever
had all right now I'm just kind of oh
whoa boy get out here oh yeah okay well
laptop okay bye guys okay cats well she
got her gift and he's gonna get another
gift tonight from her is I'm sure it's
it's most likely gonna be a board game
she always buys at board games but I'll
see you guys again tomorrow
so goodbye
