hi that's a wicked stuff we're going to
Vegas we're starting guess who's driving
of me speaking up we're gonna party
right but Robyn you're taking second
half yeah dude yeah I'm driving up cool
yeah so we you know we brought um we
packed some hookers in the back I'm just
gonna we're gonna pick him up in Vegas
but I was Oh what are you guys doing
there you spray you know I suppose sit
all the way the back every time she
takes her wig off she looks like a dude
how are you
Oh mr. drill zooming good are you coming
no I'm I'm just going to be dazed moment
again oh okay
hello mr. Vitali hey Kevin everyone's
gone it is you got you got cameras
everywhere
what I put this gun hey put it interest
in the backseat we just got to Tally's
mom's place she made us breakfast before
Vegas taking shoes off Douglas oh yes
yeah good boy yeah you're good you did
it
hoses geez up Vitaly listen wrong oh oh
oh it's Jojo
oh no one wants to see that you have
plenty of gin so I want to shit all the
time even you're like that hey hey oh
serious we love coming over for
breakfast breakfast breakfast a fatality
yeah yeah yeah yeah hiya chip truck you
have yes all good bye Joe that's good
I'm glad it I'm glad I can like you
girls go into Vegas yes
okay well Vitaly has to tell he wants to
rub all over your booty we got Vitaly in
the bath
yeah everyone kind of made a poop stop
but we're in Barstow we're officially
halfway to Vegas the only ones not
boozing
we're the only ones that are defecating
dropping the taking the Browns to the
Super Bowl yeah you know oh well I get
rolling heard someone but anyway Robyn
and I were supposed to stop wait oh it's
Vitaly Roman I was supposed to switch
but now he's like you want to just drive
the rest way so I guess I'm driving the
whole way to Vegas
so this is the background here
introduction a 500-foot hang tight
Hey look we win big in spirit we've made
it here 25 hour drive
yeah think I'm kidding around
he's not kidding well we each got our
own room we're all like Romans directly
across Batali's like couple down I think
we're just like taking over this section
of this of this hallway this floor this
hotel I don't know but anyway it's so
cool I do feel lonely I have two beds
and only one of me so maybe if I'm lucky
enough I will I will find a girl to have
a platonic sleepover with she'll take
the other bed
Roman Roman oh okay where are you really
just dinner
I was always there before you started my
booth
really yo what up master p.m. the tiger
can't find the pocket for this oh there
it is
took any pants not good actually has its
own little Oh pocket oh hey yo what's
happening hey you guys started drinking
here we're already drinking where's
fatality dis he cheese right there oh
you were masturbating I knew he was used
jerk and his gherkin a little bit forget
rolling I want you to hold it well
you're gonna try faster bleh what is it
yeah all right it's clone why Russian I
say contest right now between Allison to
tally was bet oh that's bad people me
Sam wait
this is you help your way hagas we got a
bet on everything all right yeah I got a
dollar cash right now
what Sami yeah we don't have any cash
show me mr. justjust so I got money on
the tally
oh damn I'll go with Alex
cuz I'm wishing but he's like the little
kids my heart's beating dagger y'all
ready our money on Mattel ready I have
I have money on Vitaly I say when ready
Bobby a cheers Cheers
yeah but one when I said go ready yeah
set go hold it chugging it go chugga go
oh my how it's done they were straddling
the finish what yeah I never seen
Tippett was deported after the typical
food ribs pizza pasta potatoes wrong no
one wants to wait for a taxi which I
don't want to either so we decided we're
just going to plug in this too I guess
we'll just take a limo oh you want to
know oh then we'll go squishing oh okay
I don't say yeah I feel like I'm in prom
I got your old girl before we go out
tonight it's time to hit the tables just
a little bit hopefully make a little bit
of money but realistically you should go
out with the amount of money you're
prepared to lose because Vegas is going
to take it all they're already starting
on Berlin
uh we'll see what our game is we
finished gambling none of us did well
but that's biggest actually except I did
those little bit but Britney she it's
her birthday and so she won of course
she she deserved that but we'll try to
go right now real quick over to
Beacher's Madhouse and MGM because Jeff
Beecher held us table we got to get
there make sure we get our table right
now it's not your birthday you are
where's your phone I found a member of
the a-team
he actually watches my friends yeah mom
are a team Andy I'm not even kidding
came up and said Alex Mandel I'm a big
fan of vlog so buddy
Oh
yeah
and let me introduce you to watching the
sea man
oh my god Tommy
budget going on
yeah porte√±os that have a good time
I'll tell you why yes that burning is
more monkey dinosaur
Hey
he's flowin
Hey
yeah
one for the little is biggest asshole oh
it was
features madhouse always crazy thank you
so much Jeff feature for that experience
that was fun I love it back in LA at the
Roosevelt Hotel here was next to trophy
cuz I'm Bo
give me my phone bitches know me as I'm
up up a oh let the photo coma photo
oh no no they weren't too well Roman and
Brittany are ditching us cuz they're
gonna go play board games wait you guys
will gaming and play Monopoly I love an
appellee said okay versus a game called
trouble you know apples to apples he's
playing apples to vagina okay supposed
to vagina hey I love you guys and that
being said yes I'm totally wasted I
gotta go okay bye bye
goodbye listen giving you a hug it's
your birthday you're gonna do I gotta do
here okay I'll get you guys I'll get you
guys
we love you tell you this Oh Alex
okay well everyone kind of like went to
the room it's Kevin and I now yeah I
think well Vitaly went back with a lady
friend and he's like don't worry it's
only gonna take me an hour but you know
we know it's going to take probably
three to four minutes max before he's
back down in the lobby but that includes
actually going into her room starting
everything taking off his clothes and
everything then give him about 15
seconds at 15 seconds let's be honest
that's a bit generous ha ha I'm just
kidding we love you Vitaly but anyway no
we're just now we're hungry and this
Deli is open and I won't fucking
pastrami or corned beef or something
because that's what I need right now and
then maybe we should gamble I think we
should definitely part ways with our
money
that's what gambling is parting ways
with your money yeah I got myself a
three matzo ball soup and a Reuben how
is that look at this that is something
to eat and then and then we're going to
porn everything I just want to drink
more that's why I didn't get any food I
got food but I still want a drink
I wrote brutal okay so I think that
we're officially done done gambling us
cuz we're done but you're done yet I
just got kind of Vegas that's now is
kind of done usually I'm really good at
losing a hundred dollars in less than
five minutes and I need some tips on
that
well sing 100 dollars in five minutes
I'm your guy I'm actually back to even
so I'm not I'm okay I'm feeling okay I'm
back to even you fought your way back
home I fought my way back oh yeah I'll
be back okay so we're good I think I
think it's time to go up yeah it's
almost it's almost 5:00 a.m. time to go
to bed guys
okay guys that's it I'm done
Oh hairy chest and mustache um it's like
what time is it 5:15 good morning okay
well I'm going to sleep now well not
really look I have my computer here
because yeah I'm actually gonna try to
edit this now because how else am I
going to start my vlog tomorrow with
this footage still on this camera so
hopefully I finished this as soon as
possible
and yeah by the time you're watching
this obviously it's done because it's up
so I'm sorry if it was late if it's late
because we have to drive and I don't
have internet anyway I'm gonna go guys I
will see you guys again tomorrow so that
was fun was cool getting recognized by a
guy in a Dalmatian suit that was funny
he just walked up Alex and then later he
had like a picture his phone of a
stuffed animal or whatever was what or I
don't know it was wearing a smile more
shirt from Roman then he's like I'm
buying an 18 shirt I was like that's so
funny so yeah that's really cool anyway
I will see you guys again tomorrow
so goodbye what edition
I bet you they're saying hello right now
but she brought something back from
their place
look I'm finally a partly part of the
small more crew
