hey guys I am I'm about to I want to
Skype one of my friends while I'm
vlogging she she lived here for a short
period of time and I went with her to
Stella Adler acting Academy where I went
to school for acting and she is from
South Africa
she's from Cape Town which she has an
accent that I masturbate to yeah I just
said that out loud
anyway I'm not Ashley if you're watching
this I didn't I'm not trying to creep
you outside masturbate to you just your
accent don't worry anyway I'm just gonna
keep digging
well here we go all the way down through
there and no I thought it'd be cool to
to test out this new mailing list that I
have it's it hasn't built it's not huge
yet you guys there's about like maybe
130 150 of you joining which is cool
because I get to talk to you guys right
away and hey we don't need a huge group
but I know that I see more people
joining as the day goes by because you
guys are seeing my vlog and seeing that
you can join for the first time so I'm
sending out a message to ask you guys
what kind of questions I should ask her
if you guys want to ask a girl in South
Africa who is a model and an actress
but actually I sent out that thing to
the mailing list that question and you
guys are already responding it's been
only like 15 minutes and you guys are
responding good amount so this so far it
seems like the mailing list is a success
because you guys are answering faster
than you ever did on Twitter or anything
else so this is great I'm going to I'm
just waiting for her to get on us Wow
I'm leaving a very long message on her
skype cuz she's not on yet that's
embarrassing I just left a message
anyway so yes I'm gonna Skype with her
if you guys want to see that full video
of the clips I just showed you
I'll put it down I'll put a link in the
description below it's just a Vimeo
video so you guys can go watch the full
thing I think it's her in like maybe two
other girls in the video or something I
don't know you'll know because she's the
blond one and you'll see her in a second
hello Ashley hi I was I was just telling
them that don't worry I'm not a creeper
not to you but I said that your accent
sometimes I just I I play with myself to
the accent are you rolling something
right now I am I'm actually rolling a
cigarette I know it's really bad I'm
trying to give up smoking and I just
woke up but it's like my thing before I
do anything in the morning I have my
cigarette oh okay well that's that's
breakfast yeah I have I have questions
for you that I don't know if you know
this but my followers they call themself
members of the a-team so I have some
a-team questions for you from from
people all around
can I ask all these questions yeah it
says this one comes from Derrick it says
how many elephants do you see in a day
what I probably see the last time I saw
an elephant
okay would you want the truth or do you
want me to miss with them I'll take the
truth first yeah
truth first okay the truth actually is
that when I first met Alex I told him
that I had I rode an elephant to school
this is not proper truth but yeah
actually the last time I saw an elephant
was in January and before then it had
probably been about six or seven years
because they're only in parks it's like
asking an American like win/loss did you
see a brown bear and how many brown
bears GC in a day you will see them in
like in pop insert exactly in certain
parts I get that and then but he this is
like a two-part or a three-part thing it
says and if your Uncle Jack helped you
off an elephant would you help your
uncle Jack off an elephant of course I
would
did you know you did you not understand
that oh wait wait wait wait wait if your
uncle Jack helped you off an elephant
would you help your uncle Jack off an
elephant I put a cop on a memoir on
Facebook yeah okay now I get it out of
me yeah of course that I of course I'd
help them the same and that weird thing
is I'm the elephant in the room right
now
well think is like four hands are better
than two
you know so if I can help my uncle Jack
open everything then yeah I do that oh
okay
they also want to know are you part of
the a-team Ashley uh yes I guess good I
actually want to ask you if you'd send
me a t-shirt but you said that you don't
internationally ship the t-shirt I do
internationally ship now I do you yeah
look at this I got I got my t-shirt here
they can't I'm Hamish I heard the
t-shirt guys yeah well you need to send
me a t-shirt and then next time I wake
up in the t-shirt with nothing else on
yeah
well that way it's a good picture for me
I don't know anyway you could be like
the a tall guy something you can talk
about it okay
well speaking of that someone else is
asking two things one do you have a
vuvuzela no okay and can I blow it yeah
good I'm glad you could blow it and do
you want to be of course you're gonna
blow it when it's time to take your mind
out of the gutter
Alec there's no gutter here this is you
look at you look at the way you're
holding it to your mouth right now what
are you doing this is this is you but
I'm sorry but how do you blow something
that small
don't be a name to me put your you put
your lips together and then you die
anyway whatever
okay well me we'll go from this is d
have you ever wanted to be a Victoria's
Secret model I can answer that
oh my gosh no I just gonna get your
coated yes yeah probably yeah he but
what girl doesn't want to be you on what
do you think it's like the best I think
the one of the best things about it
would be a parchment of fact that you
earning lots of cash is that like
because you're learning earning lots of
cash you can get a personal trainer to
keep you in shape
I don't think you need that you're like
a twig uh yeah I'm too skinny
oh so you want a trainer to give you
cake no I'm like I'm lazy so I want to
Train it mean tone so I get bigger
through muscle instead of being I think
I'm too skinny that someone wanna Ivan
wants me to ask you Ivan wants me to ask
you out on a date so we can't visit in
June we go on a date with me yeah of
course
will you take me to Katya yes I will
there's one not too far for me actually
there's another one alright in Santa
Monica well in Brentwood so it's like a
few miles you know either way to my
heart is a crispy rice and spicy tuna
right and the way to my heart is your
tuna as well okay um so but yes ask her
about the weather
Adam wants to know what the weather's
like there right now it's still hot
right yeah but what about a hit a heat
wave I'll show you
Oh beautiful you but it's been miserable
yesterday today and I think I made it
today the heat wave will hit but it's
like 35 degrees Celsius I don't know
what that is Fahrenheit I don't know
what Fahrenheit is either so got a bit
of a matrix system problem yeah yeah can
you see I could see trees okay and that
can you see clouds oh yeah I could see
the cloud sitting up there yeah yeah I
know buddy when those clouds move it's
most beautiful mountain right here and
it's the side of Table Mountain oh yeah
pixely sorry hold on it's because I'm
moving too fast
where do you plan to go in life it says
marciano well
I'm finishing my degree in economics and
finance this year and because there's no
ways I'm gonna go sit at a desk from
9:00 to 5:00 and because I have a
passion for acting I'm moving to LA next
year and I'm gonna make shit happen good
and then that's when we're going on our
date no we're going on a dingy
oh yeah June sorry that's when I get
your tuna well actually I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna close this up and
everything I'm not gonna cuz it's
getting long on here but you can say bye
to the 80 they're watching right now
what they've been watching this whole
time of course I'm not just asking you
because I need people to help me talk to
you no I thought that you're gonna edit
it later
well no they're not watching right this
second I'm filming it well thank God
because there were few things that you
gotta take out there I don't know nice
to meet you
well hopefully we'll talk to you again
on skype on here and then they'll see
you when you're here June
oh is it oh that's a lot
south africa and good vibrations yeah
not to yeah
remember if do you heard it from her
lots of love from South Africa and keep
using your vibrators so that's my friend
Ashley and thank you guys for sending
questions there's still more of you
sending in questions now but she is not
on skype anymore so as I do these things
like you guys could see if you haven't
joined the mailing list join below the
link is in the description and you guys
can do that if you want you guys can
follow ashley on instagram she was like
oh you can give them my instagram so you
guys should her Instagram is Ashley vdh
so at Ashley Reed eh
I probably typed it up on the screen
somewhere here I don't know where it is
but I'm gonna do that when I edit so
that you guys know the spelling but
there's that and then you could watch
the link of the full video of what I
showed you before I talked with her down
in the description so you do that and
yeah god my place is dirty good thing I
have someone here to clean it up yeah
clean it right over there well Kevin
Burke makes the messes Dennis Roady
cleans it up and then Roman is sleeping
your viewers want to see Roman you guys
want to see Roman right let's go fucking
wait Roman up right now
let's take my bet you he locked it when
you fucking sleep in Alex Mandela's
house with this fucker and Roman you
have to lock it but you have to lock
everything because you never know they
could just pop out of somewhere and
prank you
damn it damn it damn it
didn't work
alex is relentless he's trying to get
into the bedroom
so this door you can get it to work on
this door yeah money don't works yeah
look new on your door it's actually
locked yeah yeah
and so this door I can't I do it on
romance
I bet she's like standing there holding
the button yeah how is whatever fail I
couldn't we couldn't open it
so we'll just we'll get roaming in Vegas
okay guys well that's the vlog for today
I hope that you guys enjoyed it as you
can see Roman and Dennis are here and
Kevin Brooke well Kim Brooke left Roman
Dennis are sleeping so they're here but
they're not awake they're not here here
they're just here but yeah so they went
to sleep too bad you didn't get to see
Roman I tried but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed it remember join the mailing
list so you guys could be part of those
questions that like I asked things or
whatever I do so you guys can be more
involved and I hope that you guys
enjoyed this and I will see you guys
again tomorrow
good bye
boo
