hey guys yeah I'm at the worst place
ever right now at the airport which is
actually sometimes a great place when
you're excited to go out of town but I'm
not going out of town right now I am
just here to pick up my friend Richard
it was coming in from Shanghai China
except he didn't give me much
information he said around 8:00 and he
kind of knew that he was coming in which
terminal he was coming in and what time
is it right now
like 8:45 I haven't heard anything I
don't even know if I'm at the right
place and this is great like we we
planned these things well
hopefully shows up soon or I get a call
or something telling me I'm in the right
place so I need to go to the right place
and until then I'm gonna hang out at
this fun place I mean fuck amusement
parks airports are the shit he's finally
here it's only what time is it right now
nah is it not no and I think it's past
9:00 last night it's 9:45 I got here at
7:45 it's okay because he brought me a
gift this is not a vibrator this is I
don't know if it's if I'm allowed to
have this here but he brought it this is
a blue laser super-bright oh my god this
is
yeah anyway I don't know if I'm allowed
to have this but thank you that's
awesome you're welcome back China has
the coolest shit
hello mr. Rhodey watch has a good brain
only to come to Vegas with us this
weekend to Vegas yeah we're going to
Vegas you Roman and Vitaly good I could
bring the 18 with me to bail you know
I'll go to Vegas let's do Vegas sounds
good to me
well I I guess I'm going to Vegas this
weekend with Roman
Denis Vitaly this will be pretty epic
I'm pretty excited to go it was so
last-minute I was like I picked up the
phone and and Denis was like oh hey I
was like one second so check out my vlog
camera and I was like just hoping to say
hi on the vlog but you guys got a whole
Vegas invitation so
I'm bringing you guys with me this
weekend I guess well we'll go do that
that sounds fun so that's that's time to
look forward to I'm looking forward to
it and I hope you guys are too I've been
playing around with that blue laser that
Richard got me you just check out see
what it could do look at this this is
cool I'm just going to turn it on
and now if I take like a like a business
card or something and put it in the
light BAM it's on fire
yes of that that's a powerful laser
boo okay I've been reading your comments
on the vlog that went up today and you
guys all want the mailing lists so I'm
gonna make it so that it's available to
you guys whenever you want to join it
and you could join if you want to so I'm
going to show you guys how to join it
right now
just to make sure you get the emails
because it's not complicated but it's
not self-explanatory so pretty much what
you're gonna do is I'm on Google right
now and you could probably just type in
groups if you want to or you could do
groups google calm which is right here
and so go to that and then it has you
could search for groups create a group
every day that's so what you want to do
is you want to search sorry I'm trying
to with one hand typing just search Alex
Mandel because that's gonna be the
easiest way I can also put a link down
below to actually go there but I'll be
the first thing right here in groups
matching so you click that and it says
you're not a member of this group but
you could join group anyone can join
this pops up here and you can leave it
how it is it it automatically by default
says don't send email updates obviously
if you're joining a mailing group you
want the updates I'm sending out so you
could do send me an email for every new
message because every time I send you an
email you want to get it right away you
don't want to get it at the end of the
day and then it's already too late so go
to send me an email for every new
message and then you want to do join
this group
great so now you are part of this group
and in case you forgot to do that I did
put the welcome message hey everyone
welcome to my mailing list make sure you
set your email settings to receive a new
email every post in case I send out
multiple posts a day so now you are part
of it they will show up here so you
could always check back on the group if
you want to check back on all posts and
stuff like that but if not they will all
go to every new post will go to your
email so you can get every new post in
your email and although you can't reply
all to the whole group you're not going
to a title group you can push reply and
answer me so if I ask you a question you
guys are actually all able to reply it
and that will come straight back to my
email and that way I could be like
should I do this or this well you know
sometimes if whatever I'm doing and you
guys could answer right away and that
way I could be like okay most you wanted
me to do this or I could do like
spontaneous giveaways where I'm like
right now I sent out an email giveaway
time blah blah and I go who gets you
know whoever gets the answer right right
then so you guys make it spontaneous
giveaways or what I'm doing or anything
that that's why this mailing list is
cool it's totally up to you if you want
to join you do not have to it's just an
easier way to communicate other than you
know checking your Twitter and if that
email you're gonna check more often most
likely so if you want to join that's how
you join and I'm gonna put a link to my
direct link to my group down below and
then just make sure you set the email
messages to receive a new one every post
so there you go you guys saw when it was
Jake's birthday and his gift wasn't it
didn't come in yet wasn't delivered but
now it's here so I have this and go
ahead and open it you can just pull it
probably or whatever because I opened a
check make sure it's like scotch tape
yeah that's really cool so it's a
crystal decanter whiskey decanter these
are crystal glasses there's actually six
there's two more here and then a silver
lined tray that has the whole set sit on
top of it so that you can you could
treat yourself to some whiskey the way
it should be
thanks Alec this is really cool
boom this is super nice crystal glasses
silver-plated tray full crystal whiskey
decanter with all crystal of nothing
else boom what do you think I think it's
pretty amazing I'm glad you like it
okay guys well that's it for today's
vlog so if you want go ahead and join
that mailing list and I have an exciting
vlog coming for when I go to Vegas and a
new amazing blue laser toy so some of
you've already seen that if you follow
me on Instagram because now I post some
of this stuff on Instagram before I see
you got your gift today yeah I did it
was really cool good I'm glad you
enjoyed it
well I will see you guys again tomorrow
so good bye these these all go like all
the way back and every night that
they're you know my tequila is my vodkas
my whiskey's and liqueurs and gins and
brandi's and every stuff like that
whatever anyway and rums
