hey guys yep get deal it's me I know you
already know that cuz you could see me
this is video um it's that's new
technology video I'm driving over to my
parents house right now cuz I need to
help my dad with something yeah so I'm
going over there and then I don't I
don't know what I'm doing that's that's
what I'm doing I don't know what my
favorite parts are coming home seeing
these group new togu and no no you
brought me a toy you brought me a toy
I'm back at home now and I know what you
guys are thinking we didn't see your dad
we didn't see you guys didn't see like
anything yeah I know well I got there to
help him I was actually it was him and a
bunch of producers from a new show he's
working on he's developing and they they
shot and everything so making notes
stuff that I couldn't film so I didn't
do that
but I helped about with that went home
and everything like that so I will have
another vlog where you know my dad was
like oh let's do another Omega 1 so we
will be doing that probably this week so
make sure you look out at my my Twitter
for that because that's I usually like
he'll decide sometimes ten minutes
before we do it when I'm going to set up
and be like let's go do an Omega right
now when I'm there like okay great and
I'll tweet out I'll be like okay guys go
on omegle if you want to talk to us
so I started I just do that last minute
yeah so that that you guys could follow
me on Twitter to get that that's just at
Alex Mandel super easy I also I had an
idea because I do some of these things
last-minute you guys aren't all on
Twitter and following me and every day
that do what how do you guys feel I'm
gonna let you decide if this is a good
idea or not this is totally up to you
guys I'm not trying
push anything I just want a better way
to communicate with you like last minute
how do you guys feel about a potential
like mailing list like email talking
about like an email group like I'm going
to create an Alex Mandel or an a-team
group or something like that and you
guys I don't put your emails or anything
don't worry if you've sent me an email
wouldn't add it to it you guys could uh
NAT on your own accord add your emails
and that way whenever I'm going to do
that I can just send out email and on
your phones and on everything you'll get
an email saying like hey I'm gonna do
this or if I have a question I can ask
you guys like what do you want to see
now and while I'm vlogging that way I
can get instant answers instant emails
you can talk everything like that so
that's just an idea to create a mailing
list totally up to you guys I don't want
to hound you on that so I'm gonna leave
that up to you but if you guys think
that's a great idea or a good idea
you remember it it's all by choice
anyway so even if you're like it's a
good idea but I don't want to emails you
don't have to opt-in for it so let me
know what you guys think about that I
know that you guys have seen my closet
necessities and buy necessities I mean
the good stuff all of this wonderfulness
yeah you know for those of you that
don't know the reason why all of my
liquor is in my closet is because at the
last place i lived i built a full bar
and then when I moved I was like oh well
I need a place to keep all this but I
had nope
you know not just gonna set it out on my
counter so for now at just for now it's
in my closet and I'd put my clothes
somewhere else so I thought it'd be cool
though to show you you know these these
all go like all the way back and
everything that they're you know my
tequila is my vodkas my whiskey's and
liqueurs and gins and brandi's and every
stuff like that whatever anyway and rums
but it's all divided up but I haven't
shown you guys I wanna show you guys
some of these cuz they're pretty cool
and I know that a lot of you been asking
like oh what's your favorite vodka
what's your favorite tequila what's your
favorite I'm gonna show you some my
favorites now just because I feel like
that will answer your question and now
I'm gonna show you my favorite scotch
and I
know that right away some of you Scotch
drinkers you know you fourteen-year-old
Scotch drinkers well you're gonna say
like oh well I like blah blah it's more
expensive well Scotch is one of those
one of the spirits that's actually like
its total taste preference so my
favorite is Macallan twelve now some of
you are going to be like oh well I like
Macallan 18 it's much better 16 or
whatever you know whatever you like or
different brands but the thing is I
think it's good I happened like twelve
because it's cheaper than the other ones
and it total taste preference I don't
care about being that stuck-up like oh I
want the 211 bottle no if it tastes good
I like it and that's what I'm that's
what I like so that's my favorite scotch
is the Macallan twelve and then I would
say my favorite bourbon and actually
Jake turned me on to this is Woodford
Reserve this is great and it's actually
the official bourbon of the Kentucky
Derby so that's kind of cool the all
these like little cool facts about them
but I you know my favorite vodka I share
my favorite with it with Jake as well
both of our favorites is kettle one now
I know you Grey Goose and Belvedere fans
and everything that I aren't gonna be
happy but kettle one is great that's my
favorite like all around you know you
could have the ones that are so pure it
tastes like nothing or you could have
the ones that are so that are kind of
harsh and charcoal II and something that
like I think Grey Goose is kind of harsh
especially to shoot it's pretty rough
shot my kettle one is kind of an
all-around goodness as for tequila
tequila the killer of the night this my
favorite let me just move this racks I
don't shatter the bottles I kind of have
like two favorites here this is
definitely my top favorite this is Don
Julio 1942 with that nice wooden cork on
top this bottle would probably run you
about 120 dollars maybe um but if you
guys have a chance
to try it definitely try it and my other
favorite would be classy Azul which is
this one back here it's cool it's a
ceramic bottle so it's and then that
that cap is actually made out of metal
it's not just like a silver plastic one
made a metal that was really good both
of those can pretty much be like just
straight drinking it and it goes down so
smooth and then there's and then I have
these interesting these interesting
spirits that are like really cool like
if you I get to the Brandy's no this
this right here is actually a pear
brandy and that is a real pear in there
and domain is just a reflection on the
bottom but that's a real pear in there
and the way they get this is they hang
this on a pear tree this bottle with a
little pair hanging in here and they let
the pear grow inside so that you can't
it axles like full-size pear in this
little thing they let it grow inside and
then they put the the brandy into pretty
much let it infuse by itself into a pear
brandy so that's really cool that they
do that and then I have like awesome
things like this one's from Bolivia and
this one's called agua but if you see
it's coca leaf liqueur which it's made
from coca leaves which is the same plant
you're going to get cocaine from
although this is 100% legal in the US
because it's not made into cocaine the
leaves are just made into liqueur so
that's an interesting one and then I
have you know my absence up here all of
these absents have a they do have the
full dose of wormwood their actual real
absinthe and I know some of you are
going to be like whoa it's illegal here
actually the 100-year ban expired so if
you want to go ahead and go to your
liquor store and look for absence you'll
see that most of them now have that full
dose of wormwood back in them because
that's it's totally legal and it's
people are you know they want they're
their freakin wormwood that's what they
want
so these are you know I I can go on for
forever I have such weird such I have
weirdest liquor I have like artichoke
liqueur which is chin are you know all
the way ranging from Froot Loops vodka
and I even had peanut butter and jelly
vodka so I have you know the weird
things all the way to the really cool
things to the sweet things to the bitter
things these are all liqueurs stuff
actually Jake got me this for my
birthday this is really cool this is
vodka this is all metal front and then
the way you open it is with this little
like hammer thing here so that's really
cool you know in the skull head vodka
and then there's the tequila one so you
know you get into your missed calls and
miss call some some you know you've
heard of the tequila worm well miss
skull doesn't usually have a worm I
don't you could see it they have a
scorpion and yes when you're done
drinking you are supposed to eat the
scorpion and I've eaten a worm but I
haven't tasted the scorpion yet so when
I get down to the bottom of that I will
I will eat it I will do that but yeah
I'm going to start doing some more on
mixology stuff for you guys and I have
you know this is over a hundred and
fifty different brands of liquor that I
have here it's an awesome collection am
I an alcoholic know as even though but
you're going to argue with me that I am
I'm not an alcoholic I just I do love
the science and the everything in the
culinary art behind mixology so you know
actually in in when I lived in my last
place I probably had one drinking night
a month and I wouldn't even get wasted
usually I would just drink you know I
end up making these drinks more and
stuff like that to kind of show you guys
and have shots and be interesting in
this I'm not I was never typically a
drinker I do enjoy it I've worked as a
bartender for years doing it at a
restaurant for catering company now I
run my own marketing company so if you
guys are in LA you could actually hire
me and Jake works there too and my
friend Larry you've seen him he's a
bartender as well so we all do this it's
kind of like a fun thing fun
I think I love it I love creating new
drinks and so it's such an awesome hobby
you know I wouldn't recommend buying all
this it's expensive but this has been a
longtime collection I didn't go out and
buy all this you know sometimes a friend
will give me a bottle as a gift or I'll
go on my two new bottles so you guys
have seen me by a few but I'm restocking
because I'm OCD like that but I love it
and I hope that you guys will enjoy the
future mixology stuff that I'll show you
I love it it's interesting whether
you're of age or not I think you can
still you know appreciate the cool
sometimes colors concepts tastes
everything there's so many different
elements to this okay guys well I pretty
much ranted in that last little bit of
vlog bye last little man I'm bit I mean
almost the whole vlog pretty much the
vlog anyway I thought it was cool yeah I
wanted to get that out get you tell you
guys my favorites and kind of share that
with you guys is that's definitely you
know a fun part of my life and my my
hobbies so I wanted to show you guys
that I hope that you guys enjoyed it and
I will come out with some cool mixology
stuff to teach you guys some fun drinks
to make I'll even show you guys I you
know I love doing mixology stuff even
with stuff that doesn't have liquor
I just love to mix all that so if you
guys don't drink or if you're under the
drinking age don't worry I'll have stuff
for you as well so I hope you guys
enjoyed it I will see you guys again
tomorrow good bye
I'm gonna go do my audition at
Nickelodeon and and hope it goes well
