hey guys i am headed over to an audition
again today I'm going over to an
audition to as for a Nickelodeon show a
new show on Nickelodeon so I had to
shave all of this off and I got to leave
the mustache hopefully you know if I do
get the job they don't say get rid of
the mustache but you know you do what
you gotta do that's why I shaved all
this off and now my chin is cold in the
wind and that's what happens so I'm
gonna go do my audition at Nickelodeon
and and hope it goes well i finished the
audition and I think it went pretty well
I the casting director was awesome she
was super nice I love it when the
casting directors are nice and just make
make the audition experience that much
better but now she it was great so you
know we'll see if I get the part of the
part if not you know it's it's always a
good connection to meet these casting
directors especially when they're
friendly yes and then I just uh I also
just went to the post office to drop to
ship out some more shirts so I will if
you guys are in the US I'm gonna give
you I'm going to send you guys your
tracking number so you can see when
you're going to get your shirt if you're
not in the US unfortunately you won't or
also have to charge more exact to pay
for that and then the shipping cost goes
up so to make it cheap as cheap as
possible I can't do that unfortunately
but for those of you in the u.s. you'll
get your tracking numbers and you'll get
your shirts so I'm always excited to
send those out i'm like in the post
office the only one in the post office
with a smile on my face I think anywhere
so that's cool but I hope that when you
guys get your shirts you'll take a
picture wearing them and send them to me
you could email them or tweet them or
Instagram them whatever you want to do I
just want to see them
you enjoying dinner miles yeah yeah
that's a good dinner there's no one else
it's going on with on the internets yeah
I don't want to be on the bong sometimes
you don't have a choice bye-bye okay
guys while back at home today is done
today's vlog is done i did my audition
I've shipped out some more shirts I hope
you guys enjoy those shirts when you get
them they will be there soon um and
remember when you get them take a
picture wearing them so you could set
them to me and I could put you on my
vlog because I want to do this with you
guys so we'll have some more stuff fun
stuff this week I saw that Romans now in
town he's in LA so maybe I'll meet up
with him Vitaly and Dennis and well I'll
hang out i don't know i gotta call Devon
figures that out so yeah for now this is
done i'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye i go by the name of Alex Mandel
yeah what do you know why I'm calling
well I'm calling you because you happen
to win an 18 shirt
