hey guys so it's that time today today
is the time for the giveaway giveaway
giveaway giveaway that motherfucking
giveaway that's what time it is uh you
guys can win what are these a team
shirts now I'm gonna tell you guys I I
wanted to the way I was gonna do this
and I way I told you guys I was gonna do
this was I was gonna write each of your
names and phone numbers on a piece of
paper then I was going to find a vessel
of my choice and I was gonna pick your
name out of that vessel and then give
you a call unfortunately I didn't
account for how many of you guys would
actually enter um two things one
actually let's say three things one I
didn't want to waste paper too I have no
more ink in my printer and I didn't want
to hand write at all and three ok ok I
have found a an iphone app because you
know when you need something done
there's got to be an app for that so i
found a random number generator so i set
my email 250 results per page and it
goes about 10 pages i know that there's
think there's actually will do 11 pages
because there's just over 500 of your
entries yeah I expected like 50 to be
completely honest anyway there's over 50
of your entries over 50 you give me your
numbers that's the most numbers I've
ever gotten from people in my life and I
try to get people girls numbers all time
anyway I'm sure that most of you are men
but it's ok because I'm not trying to
hit on you I'm just trying to give you a
shirt free gifts so here's my number
generator and I'm going to put in a
first i'm going to pick
how many pages I have for my email and
that'll be one page through 11 now all I
have to do is hit generate number and
I'll go to that page on my email because
this multiple page so generate random
number oh and it's nine ok so now I'm on
here and I go one two three four five
six seven eight nine great so we still
have all these people down there i'm not
going to go close because you can see
their numbers Oh Jake's texting me ok
now I'm going to do 1 through 50 because
i'm going to count down and then pick
the email of the person so it's 1
through 50 generate random number boom
13 Wow 13 is a lucky number today I
counted down 13 down the list of this
this page of 50 emails on here the ninth
page of 50 emails 13 down and our winner
is 1111 from New York so I'm going to
call him tell him that he just uh he won
a team shirt he said what's up Alex
18-member right here look Oh hook me up
with hook me I can't read shit hook me
up with a shirt my name is Juan my
number is I'm not going to tell you his
number but I'm gonna call him and tell
him that he won if he doesn't answer
then one of you guys have another shot
so let's see let's call one in New York
I'll see um if he's excited I hope so
it's ringing
j 2 20 hello hello damn it I was like
hey lip trying to be all like you're out
sounds like a prank call it it is cut
I'm trying to like break it first oh
really call again one pick up your phone
now it's probably gonna pick up oh hello
hello yeah yeah I I have a delivery for
you yeah is this one is this one no I'm
just making sure ugh calling the right
person is this one alright well I go by
the name of Alex Mandel yeah what do you
know why I'm calling well I'm telling
you because you happen to win an 18
shirt on my very first dinner well hey I
got your email i see it says what's up
Alex 18-member right here hooked me up
with a shirt well I'm hooking you up
with a shirt right now well I appreciate
your support and you you watch it up and
keep you up with the vlogs and
everything so I've been
send you a shit tomorrow I'm gonna mail
it out tomorrow I wanna Oh Jake says hi
Vlad I think you know dick sucker
exercise 1 he's sitting right here he's
saying congratulations yeah you should
you should come out and grab a drink
with us okay but um since since you are
the winner I'm going to email you and
that I just need you to email me back
your size and address and I'll mailed to
you tomorrow okay great well thanks so
much for entering it for watching and
supporting and I will see you again on
the vlogs you'll be on blogging this so
you're going to watch this tomorrow Wow
okay thank you you take right and there
you have it my first giveaway is done
one got his shirt that was and here's
Jake what's up Jake want a shirt too but
not really he's just wondering cuz it's
birthday but i'm gonna i'm going to mail
this out to one tomorrow along with the
other people that have purchased a shirt
if you didn't win don't worry i'm
actually gonna leave you guys up on my
email and everything not deleting those
emails so you guys could still possibly
win another surprise giveaway that i'll
just happen to pick from my email I
that'll just be random so don't worry
don't be all hurt about it I'm gonna do
another giveaway very very soon so until
then you guys are more than welcome to
buy these shirts and remember if you
enter in your phone number into the
cellar in set the note to seller when
you're saying a note to me I will call
you and personally thank you for buying
a shirt so I will still do that and I
that was that was fun I got to call a
stranger and he's
supporters that makes me feel before he
was confused at first he was confused
he's like who is this I was like well
I'm just trying to figure out who this
is who is this anyway I mean I called
from block number so I don't hide one
okay well congratulations I just took
Jake to the shooting range for the very
first time he's never shot a gun in his
life he was like you know what it might
be fun to try and it's a good skill to
have he doesn't want to own one or
anything but you know it is a fun fun
thing to go try and do so he did that
shot his very first gun here's a clip of
him shooting for his very first time I'm
putting it in here so that we have it in
its marked on my vlog channel history so
here's him shooting for his very first
time he was excited check this out so
yeah he had a good time shooting for his
first first time he'll probably go back
he said he would do it again he actually
had a really good shot not gonna lie he
did better than me on some of the
calibers you went through 9 millimeter
45 38 specials he I think his caliber
was definitely 45 is when he did the
best but anyway right now I'm helping
him edit something for the company he
works for which a shark wheel they
pretty much reinvented the wheel it's
like a square skateboard wheel I know
that sounds so weird but you should look
it up it actually works much better and
then a pro skater try it out the pro
skaters are loving it because when they
cut through this dirt and everything
going down these hills it just keeps
going this is it's nuts so right now I'm
helping him edit this this video for his
company for shark wheel and then in turn
hopefully I get some wheels to skate on
because that would be sick but yeah no
definitely go check that out it sits
there awesome okay guys side Jake's look
I just wanted to watch you finish it I'm
finally
this is the first time I'm here for the
end of the log oh yeah well no I kind of
did the end at your house but the one
that's here here yeah the one that's
typically right here but anyway I'm done
there will be more giveaways guys so
don't don't don't be sad but
congratulations again one and I will see
you guys again tomorrow so goodbye
hashtag party hashtag still single as
today hope to meet someone Aztec
probably won't have sex Greg while
masturbating hashtag fuck my life
