hey guys well it's me in case you didn't
know Jake and Angela are here hello they
just got here it's it's jay i'm not
talking to myself talking all of them
Jake it's Jake's birthday it's the
eighth today happy birthday this is
everyone at the party word we actually
just going to dinner right now and his
family's meeting us we're going to one
of my favorite places called the
penthouse which is a really nice
restaurant at the top of the huntley
hotel amazingness and then we're going
to have rest tonight drinky time right
yep boo this is my favorite elevator say
the best elevator all sent oh yeah ready
ready guys here it is hear this you got
a wall battle but it's clear oh oh oh oh
yeah when you it's kind of like oh my
god we look really big it's kind of like
a weird it's like a funhouse mirror yeah
oh I wish that's the pier guys over
there like up this thing be kid over
there you have malibu isn't a Galini
right on it nothing oh that's all that's
all ocean right there so you guys can't
really see it because it's dark but this
is like the coolest thing you can see it
all the way down best elevator if you
guys go to the huntley hotel instead of
Monica just right the glass elevator
it's really cool and then the restaurant
now that it's Jake's birthday worth
dinner we're the first ones here but we
gotta drink just the cheers to his
birthday start off the night fears thank
you very much yes
I did start to the night
hey you're some in there for your town
your party what you forgive your party
good to see you good to see you man yes
I had a couple get this camera away no
cameras are always welcome get away from
my bunghole well cheers of that Wow
cheers the final warning yeah do you say
cheers the bottle yeah I do what were
you choosing to get ya bitches someone
else oh ok Jase let's this cheers the
bestiality bmj name cheers the sexy
goats the other horses sexy go to the
horses big butts hi my name is Jake okay
chicken chicken egg 80
oh my name is Jake I'll just try to ruin
my reputation Jake it's your birthday
guys comment and tell him he's allowed
to drink on his birthday he doesn't he's
like I don't drink a lot okay I'm gonna
be completely honest to you he actually
doesn't drink throughout the week you
guys just happened to see him on
weekends and I'm making him look bad but
it's his birthday and he's like I don't
want to drink now because people think I
drink a lot it's your birthday drink day
if you want to say happy birthday to
Jake you could use his homemade hash tag
called my name is Jake so hashtag my
name is Jake if you want to say happy
birthday Joe oh god sorry you should
thank the hashtag my name is Jake yeah
strike when you don't miss me now let's
drink to hashtags my name is dick wait
wait chisholm you oh wow wait you don't
have your Ryan where's yours yes married
it was invisible the whole time hashtag
I never take boom yeah Jake are you
pleased with a fall apart guys when I
drink too much it makes me poop Oh same
good thing we found the plunger hey my
name is Jay to army hoes I'm just wanna
stick the cakes are people's mandate
Grampy god I'm not every time I shots
cover down
you can do yeah what are you talking
about snot the only thing I could do
this is jake's birthday and i'm vlogging
it like hearing the shot glass around
with me tonight cuz i don't want anyone
else good that's i approve of that
that's what Alex I hide this one he puts
his name on it I got this it goes for
you to see if he pees in the shot glass
and no one else in touch it yeah so here
we go he's like it I do not okay with
drinking my own urine it's jerrell all
right that's amazing are you ladies
gonna so what we got a long night ahead
of us still nine o'clock 930 cheers
Cheers to like skittles skittles
birthday blue jay Kesha my name is Jake
a shank i sheck my name is Jake this is
Alex's night right now this is my night
yet hashtag my name is Jamie gosh tag
party hashtag still single as today hope
to meet someone hashtag probably won't
as a girl masturbating hashtag fuck my
life you love all them you got him a
gift Julian won't you get in more for us
more firewalls apparently that's my
favorite drink it is your pal you like a
good just to be by it would that's good
my mommy so I when I wrong apparently I
give off the vibe that I really like
this who's counting I do are you
but I get to say I was the first one to
introduce Jake two fireballs and he was
like I was like just tasted who tasted
he was like love you I love hot tamales
and I love whiskey it just combines the
pan both of them best combo ever yeah
same time feel clearly chose yes
obviously it's really killing me like
but why mega sick later guys you see
this this sexy this is MJ show your sexy
their own hair no oh yeah you Turner oh
this is there we go this is all shake
your ass buzz Wilson thank you you're
gonna see the bag you sweeper yes guys
even do I have if they cut your hair and
they make you look sexy you get your
drink with them that's what you do
how good is that King Solomon goodbye
Jake happy birthday wiggle aha okay guys
well that's it that's done I / that jr.
tricky can and I will see you guys again
tomorrow my voice is not God inside that
was just me being ridiculous I'll see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Oh
