hey guys whoa what is that is that a
voice cuz who got their voice back I
have a voice back down boo boo Boop
adapt dear do voice is here um yeah so
guess what that means vlogging will
continue will go forth will will go
forward again we could do this I have an
audition today actually for a youtube
series so we'll see how that goes um I
had to go to I was like oh no I have no
more headshots or resumes or anything
guys so I had to run to fedex office to
go print that but I wasn't going to show
you that because that's no fun just me
printing so I'm gonna go do the audition
see how it goes and you guys can't
really wish me luck because you'll see
this after I go to my audition so it
won't help but I'm gonna go do that well
i finished my audition I think it I
think it went well but you know the best
way to look in the audition is like you
go in you did what you had to do and you
know you may get a job out of it and you
may not but as an actor it's better to
think of your job is to go in and give
them your best work your job is not to
get the other job or else you're too I
mean to get the job you're auditioning
for or else you're worried too much
about that audition so I don't know if
any of you guys want to be an actor but
something that's really helped me is
like focus on your audition not on the
part that you're hoping to get because
then you're gonna back oh my god I hope
I get this part it's a big part I'm
nervous I'm never like that think of
your audition is like oh well this is
just a small thing I have to learn go in
do that walk out my job is done if I get
like a bonus out of it like a job great
but if I don't like I didn't lose
anything I went in I did what I'm
supposed to do as an actor and I and I
left if anything great practice and I
will you know go in for something else
I'm gonna head over to jake's house now
for
to go grab something to eat we're going
to get some dinner and they were
probably going to get some drinks and
stuff at his place cuz at midnight it is
his birthday I mean I'm not going to
call this the I know Jake you watch
these vlogs so I'm not calling this the
Jake's birthday vlog yet or it's Jake's
birthday or anything like that because
your party thing is tomorrow so you
don't get to vlogs you don't get
tomorrow's but I i do want to give you
like a midnight gift tonight rather than
just giving you another like a full
birthday gift so what better then i'm
gonna go i'm gonna go grab a yeah an a
team shirt that way for your birthday
you can be part of the 80 that's what
I'm giving you at midnight boom and I
hope I'm right that you are a medium
because that's all I'm bringing with me
because I'm taking an uber so I don't
have to drive so I'm only bringing this
and I mean I guess he could always come
to my place and change it but I think
he's a medium no but it's not your
birthday yet this is just a cheers to
cheers your mother in the hospital right
before you're more yeah yes here's to
your dad having a good time nine months
before oh god
this is classy cut this class go yeah
curse you my mother curse you have your
mother let me see let's say eleven fifty
nine eleven fifty-nine I get looking me
in this way the one bar we tried to go
to why the charges cover we're not doing
that for his birthday well hey
I don't know I don't know barely knows
like all these people in street have a
good one Jake Jake let's drink yeah good
oh it's really dark it's only a couple
of minutes here till you come this way
yeah what what oh you're gonna like this
Jake every phone Oh boom there we go oh
wow another Cheers okay Jake we could
drink now
whoa that shot that drink is loaded huh
oh my god I asked for a double date I
said it's for a birthday and yes oh that
was strong hello I can't even see you so
birthrights over the floor so
ok
get out guys I'm drunk and Jake's drunk
I gotta take a car back to my place but
he's got to open his gift that I got him
to midnight gift midnight birthday gift
you are you drunk Pig I am you guys got
to know that this is only on weekends
but he's like how okay he doesn't want
to ruin his name he really doesn't drink
a lot I just happened to vlog with him
what he's drinking but he doesn't oh you
thought you thought what is it hold it
hold it for you yeah buddy wait think
what size you large oh damn it is this
that's a medium I could give you a large
actually this is fits cuz some usually
are where large but sometimes mediums
fit if they're late try it you could put
a lot of like over something to go where
I'm sure yeah take it off anyway guys I
guess I'll just do like the after right
here cuz when i get home i just need to
edit this guess I've been drinking I'm
not going to lie you guys have one more
day from when you watch this to enter in
the the t-shirt raffle if you have it to
win one of those a team shirts I'm going
to do the drawing on Sunday for me so
you guys are going to see this
tomorrow's technically friday for me but
you guys watch this now on saturday it's
a little tight do you want one that's
bigger i have a large that's that's
tight that's what I tonight it looks
good what it looks good uh yeah no that
was good wait this one or large Angela
can wear this one Angela this one at
large actually angel is a small i'm
alone i have a small weight no but is
this good or a large one bigger
it is way too tight damn it I got it
wrong guys I was like I thought he wears
a medium anyway guys I hope that you
guys enjoyed now that I have my voice
back you guys are gonna see more vlogs
again every day I'm so sorry for missing
like I did and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye oh boo sweet shirt man
thank you you're welcome I like this
