hey guys it's a new day today miss Andre
and I am su we are actually at Six Flags
right now I'm Magic Mountain to do
roller coasters but we made a mistake
okay
I mean NEVER cold I actually put my air
conditioning on in my car even when it's
raining out but it is really windy and
when there's wind chill it's cold I know
a lot of you gonna hate on me because
you are stuck in the snow everywhere
else but it's all relative it's just
cold for us here so first stop is to get
sweatshirts and for her to take a dance
break do you want one of these over here
I think I think it's good yeah I don't
see why not
it's a panda you're kind of big
I found a sweatshirt I really wanted it
was a black Batman sweatshirt but it
wasn't in my size and it was in her size
that's what she got
I think it's cool I just wasn't able to
get it but I I'm wearing right now
you're in color I'm wearing red how
about this yeah tennis ball thing for
the dogs yeah you could be the first
woman in the NBA wait you'll need one to
win one in wins that's what it says one
in your small and we didn't get to
slowing the green pigment all you can do
to anyone you want but we could get two
right here whatever whatever we got one
yeah
you'll get it you'll get it
you got something how about a stick to
vlog you know sports I know why I didn't
win take it's pretty obvious you're bad
if you think I'm not wearing black color
that's why I should only wear black but
okay
she's gonna winner I'm going home feel
like a loser now you can say hi to the
vlog yeah
we see a couple electric scooters on the
side of the road I figured Finders
Keepers right I think we should take him
okay
it's just so you know it is a joke we
are not stealing these scooters there's
a company in Santa Monica that does
rental scooters called bird this isn't
sponsored by them at all something I do
for fun and on the side is they offered
like this thing if you live in the city
you can go hunt around grab their
scooters bring them in and charge them
and pay you for them I'm not advertising
that and you guys can't do that because
you don't live in the area unfortunately
if that sucks cuz it is fun to go around
a grand mall I'm trying to get more
Chargers for them because I want to
charge a bunch of them anyway and I
didn't steal them we are currently at
dinner and we got some special people
you guys haven't seen a while mr. Jay
and Hanna and Brandon you guys haven't
been round but you don't we have here is
we have sake bumps but the girls are
doing it no fun
yeah
so hard that it's all what is it oh it's
all over the saga just fallen to you
this way
do you stop sucking wait but I was all
sake right here but it is it all sake
yeah I think I got sake sake yeah
she's dying
I think it was $2.00 sake sake it was
$2.00 suckie suckie good gets up yeah
okay just getting back to my place again
I think I'm gonna go to bed pretty early
hello mr. Harvard hey happy boy hey will
you sleep in you were totally sleeping
don't even try to pretend you work your
bed okay I'm starting to have so many of
these scooters I just keep collecting
more and more throughout the night and
then in the morning I'm gonna go have to
deliver those suckers that's the harder
part collecting is easy okay guys well
that is where I think I'm gonna leave it
I am actually really tired and my eyes
are dried out and I just need to sleep
without being said I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today and I will see
you guys again soon goodbye
