hey guys it's a new day today
and we are starting off at a place I've
never been you've been here one I've
been here once we've been talking about
coming here for a really long time we
just never have to be like you know it's
a great Saturday oh good yeah we are
currently in Malibu at M cafe
like love yeah
oh my god what a happy little time it is
happy oh my god I feel like like I don't
even know you feel you don't know are
you happy like a family what I've never
been here know what they wish gonna be
epic
never been high so we're the red I went
to go get the food and Andrea is like I
got it she wants to grab up this so here
she comes with us good answer oh this
comes a little bit of everything yeah oh
yeah hey and you can already yeah you
want to go on the seesaw
no well you can see what you saw we can
go write it okay
want to go into the boat you're okay I
don't know why we have to wear
lifejackets
because this is a dangerous cloth it's
dangerous we were in a paddle boat and
we're going for a run we're going on
event assistance center there's a
waterfall that could possibly sink us so
I'm thinking that we you should probably
turn away from this to pain
you just make us go in circles or
goddammit we're just going in circles
here can I take my here you have a
bigger the wheel I don't think
everything is not as graceful as I'd
like be okay
turtle I like todos that doesn't Claus
oh and Annie we're back now but not for
long where you go guys I know know what
whoa
I know you guys know I got business I'm
taking injury get her nose done
I don't know why she said notes we are
going to get pedicures oh it is I know
glucose there's an a light that knows i
meant to say toes toes okay well we're
going to go get our noses and our nails
and Andrea I think you may need to
reaffirm this but real men get pedicures
true honestly because y'all see a growth
really are are mine gross
no because you get pedicures get them
painted you get a foot massage and you
get your toys like that you guys don't
want to give me a pedi you look like a
really nice an amazingly get the
champagne
the ATMs like that is showing it
Andrey and I don't have a pool back at
my building so we actually just go to a
local hotel Nick Imperial they're cool
we get drinks hang out the perfect time
percent that look how amazing puzzle you
could be glowing on my face I'll see you
guys outside
the puzzle not much been on last night
so we have left flying into a new day
here today and you know what I'm hungry
and we're about to make some breakfast
like it's like a breakfast breakfast
which big breakfast like a breakfast of
champions
we're Jamie I want to fresh coconut
water is the morning so we have coconut
Yong tae Kuk I got to tell you that and
he was like well we got to make sure
that we have one that have the most
coconut water so you know what you did
you can't use your coconut I now know
that but that's fine because this is
about to be funny watching you do this
well heads do this all the time
periscope ah yeah that's why I think you
know what you're doing everyone's trying
to go or they trying to cut or they
trying to like hit this part you got to
find the knives that have like the sharp
corners on the bottom that's at least
what we did you take it
it was pretty impressive no you have all
the coconut water I'm not gonna lie
could work ideally with you're making
one to serve I wouldn't cut it all the
way out like you did that one and you
just do this that way you can fold this
up and still have like the top on it
I'll take a straw go it in there this
one's a little bit purple sometimes they
get like that sometimes they're pink
like the high-mass I respond yeah but
it's totally mine tastes like nectar
sweet
not because it's fertilizer to me
because it's rama coconuts doesn't taste
like this you taste it yeah
no better coconut water than straight
out of a coconut yeah that was wicked
what are you doing in coconut that's an
interesting way to do it
breakfast you wanted something special
with the eggs so we're going to do that
like and if you guys have seen it when
you take like a whole lot of bread and
you put the egg inside the bread and it
like looks there and it's like an eggy
bread yeah I haven't like a little bit
of confidence in us to do this yeah you
know we usually aren't that good at
Vegas but you know what we're gonna do
it anyways yeah yeah red circle yeah No
Andrey over here making some sausage and
some hashbrowns yeah you a girl I'm
going to start on this and I'm going to
put each egg in here because if it
breaks while I cook it on that thing
it's just going to be a mess so we like
this thing because it's a griddle we
don't have to like put it on a pan over
there and I hate that it's just
convenient so go ahead and put both of
these on one let's fill them
there we go some breakfast look at these
eggs mmm
look at the hashbrowns look at the
sausage I think I did okay you like some
sausage daddy would you like some so
much it's cool that it becomes part of
the bread hey guys
yeah and we can't have breakfast if it's
not live streamed so we're live right
now on my Instagram okay guys now we
finished breakfast we did I've been
gonna just start a day already kind of
like the afternoon so that's ending as
you I do to know somewhere to be hella
close friends I do I'm not you know
friends a couple there made up but
enough there anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon
good bye because of how comfortable we
are with each other
it may have seemed like the arm together
but we're just friends super fun oh but
in all seriousness we are friends she is
one of my best friends I love having her
out I think you like being you know
that's good I enjoy that
