hey guys so I don't really have a voice
again today um if I talk really low like
this then I kind of have one so maybe
I'll just talk like this for four today
so it's a little easier not such a much
of it not so much of a strain on my
voice but um not that you guys didn't
like it I see your comments you guys are
laughing that I sound like a little girl
in yesterday's vlog anyway I just went
to the mailbox I have package here from
one of my favorite youtubers I don't
know if you guys have ever seen above
Flula Flula Borg if you haven't seen him
look up Flula he's this straight out of
Germany greatness he's so funny o
Woodilee send me this is a calendar it's
a bit of flounder from Flula
oh yeah Alex adult 2014 I wish to you
Flula that's cool see I want to see I
want to see my birthday do take the set
up its packaging okay here thumb flip
worst with goggles three centimeters
can't where's my September of course of
course it's the toilet my birthday is
the 30th of September so it is here
which is ask stupid question day that's
that's great I'll remember that Flula on
the on my birthday I'm gonna ask you a
stupid question but then then again
remember no questions are stupid there's
only stupid people just simply stupid a
stupid face about you not all of you and
not you flew I'm just aa anyway Thank
You Flula and then I got some more of
these yay so now for those of you that
order them and haven't gotten them yet
those ones are going out today so I'm
going to be sending those and you guys
make sure take pictures of them hashtag
yourself or tag yourself wearing em and
tag me so I can see and I will feature
you in the vlog also remember if you buy
the shirts in the in the notes part of
it when it says do you have anything you
want to say to the seller you could give
me your phone number and I will call you
and thank you for buying the shirt I
will personally call you on the vlog if
you enter in your phone number
I hope that I don't I don't have like
full vlogs filled with that but I will
call you if you enter in your number to
thank you for your support and for
buying the shirt so entering that and
I'll do that for you okay all 15 players
you're going to see competing up here
this week they tell you they are
marvelous group of individuals
strawberry successful of course they're
kind of laid back there gregarious
you're funny and are all getting along
extremely well but that may change he's
in mind that they are playing I'm with
Brandon as better wood ranch we're going
to eat boom boom oh he could talk fuck
him we just finished dinner and I have
something to give to Brandon Brandon
come here good kitty not a fart knocked
apart whoa okay are you excited I have
an idea you have an idea has an idea to
what it is Oh what is my contest winner
well duh I didn't do a contest yeah what
is it where is it is it oh it's on
sounds like father sighs
Oh Cheyenne Oh box pizza box want to
open that yeah he could take out the top
thing and push put on the side Oh 18
yeah the top point is yours y'all damn
it this one yeah there's to boot sweet
shirt man thank you you welcome I like
this now you're officially part of the
80 I'm officially gonna go purchase one
online and and if you enter in your
phone number into the cellar notes I'll
call you and thank you on my vlog I
already emailed you all my information
yesterday oh yeah he actually did enter
the free t-shirt giveaway I just showed
Brandon flueless calendar and that we're
looking up his birthday which is april
third this is his and then his birthday
is its focusing its focus a world party
day on fleurs days he's gonna party hard
on flueless world party day yeah okay
guys well that's the end of today I
tried these vlogs are gonna be a little
short while I'm trying to save my voice
um
I'm sorry I mean I would like to give it
to you longer but there it's hard for me
to keep talking so i don't i don't talk
too much throughout and I'll dr. much
throughout the day so this is um hard
but I'm still gonna vlog for you and I'm
just trying to save my voice a little so
hopefully it gets better soon and I can
lock a little more um yeah i still hope
you enjoyed these short flocks i'm
giving you as much as I carriage that's
okay I got you guys achillion cuz I see
the comments anywhere so yeah that's
what I have to offer I will see you guys
get tomorrow and come on come on I'm
sorry I'm not sick anymore than my voice
is kind of look my voice is good
