I just got to Jake's house and his
parents are here and everything this
embarrassing but I'm going to go ahead
go into the simple party because I know
what your voice is awful I don't want to
listen to it anymore
oh my god I'm scared he's really red
I I just left Jake's house I didn't just
leave I left a while ago now pulling up
at Starbucks because Brandon asked I
wanted to get a drink and I told him the
only drink up Anakin is so stupid okay I
don't know I've always fight tomorrow
and we could keep flocking I'm sorry
that this has been so annoying it always
made - ah I will see you tomorrow good
bye it's time for a contest for a
giveaway yes you guys can you guys could
win one of these you didn't have to do
anything other than what I'm about to
tell you you have to do
