hey guys so as you can see my mustache
is down what does that mean and not
other than I'm getting another haircuts
I know something you're gonna say well
you know a lot of haircuts well I try to
get a haircut like once every other week
because I like to keep the side short it
grows so fast I guess you can see this
beard grew in like a week or less so
this just I need to get so many haircuts
but it's okay I'm bout to look - fucking
sexy
magical sexy time that's what I'm that's
what's gonna happen
this looking all kind of magical sexy
time motherfuckin sexy face that's what
scared myself
this is I think I think this looks
mighty sexy so thank you cherish an
executive cut and shave you always do me
right that's okay it's okay baby
whatever baby hey
Brannen can we go play with scratchers
sure let's get back in my car and go
play scratchers I'll put it scratchers
uncover a seventh son will win the prize
show for that symbol after number three
XO but wouldn't triple the prize I just
need a seven ways that would this
uncover seven yeah seven or three times
that's a thirty that's the 13 lucky okay
24:21 15
ten come on big what it sucked
Oh but let's get closer
there's a seven tell us your names gonna
be five dollars take a free ticket
it's a ticket well I used to do it again
yay
oh the senator sir
yeah buddy how much you take $10 $10
Elsa $6 yeah well you gonna take it you
take the big payout or get it over the
course the next 10 years if I take over
of course the next 10 years
all right let's get another ticket okay
match any of the five-year numbers where
you would scratch off numbers right
there
these are winning numbers
wait what was your winning numbers they
got a match on when that price
22:12 there are two winning numbers
oh I didn't win anything I get this
stuff too so drugs oh wait you got 21
that seven times three come on Fuzzy's
come on
uh-uh
but you but seven times one is 23 and
the card says right there if you get
times 3 1 is 7 times 1 in 7 times 3
saturation right there no such as 321
each I yeah Excellence Award ok so
there's a reason why I was I was
gambling for you guys and that's because
it's time for a contest for a giveaway
yes
you guys can you guys could win one of
these you don't even have to do anything
other than what I'm about to tell you
you have to do so you do have to do
something but it's very easy all
operatives start up my first giveaway is
just a raffle so all you guys I'm just
gonna pick your name out of whenever
vessel I desire at the time probably I
will pick something like next Sunday
that's what I'll pick but the way that
you guys do it sorry the way that you
guys are going to participate in this
giveaway is I want you to email me yes
email me your name and phone number and
I'm gonna put that at the bowl why
because when I pick the winner I'm not
gonna oh I will you'll see it on the
vlog but I want to personally call that
person to tell them that they have won a
shirt right good idea
I thought so so you guys are going to
email me your names and phone numbers if
you want a chance to win a shirt that's
all you have to do so my email is three
words that's it
email Alex Mandel at gmail.com okay all
three words I'm an email I'm not telling
you to email Alex my dog that you have a
cop it's all three email Alex Mandel at
gmail.com and then you guys just email
me your name and phone number you don't
have to give me your last thing you can
give me first whatever you want but that
is what I'm going to use to put into the
of my desire my desired thought at the
point whatever anyway that's what I'm
going to do
so you guys want chance to win one of
these and then we will be happy together
and I will have done my first giveaway
because it's about time so let's do this
I'm gonna expect a bunch of emails from
you guys
but I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye I need to flip it over to the
right you need to flip over your
calendar your house calendar to February
oh yes
