hey guys um I am NOT gonna say I'm not
completely sick anymore but for those of
you that don't know that don't follow me
on Twitter anything to know what's going
on I was sick I had the flu that's why I
wasn't vlogging the last couple days a
few days but anyway I'm I'm up and and
ready to vlog again ready to go do stuff
right now I'm heading to a meeting have
a meeting at Comedy Central today just
to meet with them and talk and do do try
to get this business flowing that's what
I'm trying to do see I meeting with them
today and then I don't know what I'm
going to do probably gonna go meet up
with some friends or something let's do
it these elevators are like all fancy
shmancy your buddy that meeting went
that meeting went well I would say so I
take it did I wish I could vlog for you
guys inside the meeting but that
wouldn't be very smart of me because
these are like development meetings and
I'm not gonna just like say my ideas and
say what I want to do and everything on
my book cuz I'm not saying all of you
but some of you might just go ahead and
take those ideas and then I can't do
them anymore but i dinnae it's just it's
just a discussion with comedy central
talking about different things that we
want to do I don't know what I'm doing
with my life but I was shopping with
Angela Jake's not even here cuz Jake
won't shop with his girlfriend that's
why I do ah she's like oh does this look
good is this I don't know Angela
what am i doing with my life
that's why I live in Santa Monica looks
amazing right now hmm my favorite place
I always loved going to bevmo because it
makes all of my wishes come true I'm
just kidding but good stuff I wanted to
get these like you know I have a white
chocolate the cars and stuff I think you
know as much as I like to make these
cool drinks like with Jake and stuff
when we use fresh ingredients I do i do
appreciate making these foo foo girly
tastes good drinks too because well it
helps attract the ladies I think I mean
it hasn't worked yet but it will someday
I hope
thank you
month what Monte Cristo
they say something
I don't want my blog are you got you two
are you aiming it at me does he look
like a baby that we all just had heart
attacks that burger that if you want to
call it a burger it was like a crazy not
fat in it to like kill a baby elephant I
thought you really had enough fat just
kill a baby that would be that would be
fucked up Angela fucked up Angela just a
baby elephant still fucked up just
hibiscus bisque is Wow hibiscus I have
no idea what Angela's doing but she's
putting wild hibiscus like flower stuff
into champagne flutes are you making you
see dream I was blogging you pouring
champagne because it was so great now
you just fucking this up Angela just
make the drink already I'm here people
Jake's here she only wants a little bit
no that's just for me oh oh you already
poured mine yes Oh poured my first thank
you thank you happy angry hello are you
so angry at me because your eyes any
question fine I'm just gonna go shut up
and going that's great in the other room
oh you drop the hibiscus flower into it
yeah what does it look like trash enjoy
I like a monster that looks like
birthday I've seen that before in my
toilet well buddy yo J don't fuck me oh
you got a new job you got a new job dick
dicker Jim skit okay this has to be dogs
knowledge no you guys don't even know no
you guys know hey check your phone right
now yeah what's the date was way 1206 my
first memory it's the first paper then
why is that still january oh oh shit
i'll wait i need to flip it over to the
right you need to flip over your
calendar your house calendar to febre oh
yes oh you look now i know i have a
staple of your house this is this is my
money this year Oh your birthday
favorite eight Alex you need a sign this
and a silver in the silver sharpie I
will so all of you guys if you have the
nice Jewish guy calendar flip it two
favorite guys don't buy the table you
can do all three give you all three you
go right up on tape hey don't go laughs
through table
here we go okay guys well i'm home now
and i'm sorry i didn't vlog for a few
days cuz i had the flu feeling much
better now and i'll be vlogging again
every day so you guys will be happy and
I know a few vlogs ago I said I was
filming something with my dad now I want
to show you guys what I was filming
right now now I couldn't I couldn't pull
it off la the internet it's not on
YouTube it's just on the NBC site it's
really hard to do it I tried to a screen
capture but the frames per second were
too slow so I just filmed it using this
camera sorry guys this is what I have to
offer so here it is right now and let me
know what you think this was on The
Tonight Show while my dad was on it with
Miley Cyrus check it out I haven't seen
you since were you in town so I know you
always go away for hablas where'd you go
this year nowhere I did I did they
staycation got a stake a staycation with
the family I wanted to be with the
family cuz i travel i do like yo stand
up all over the night and so i did i say
and it's great just spending time with
the fam but you can do if you stay in
town wherever you are you can do
everything you would do on vacation
without leaving home you can do like
shopping and snorkeling and whatever you
want to do with the family why do you
laugh at that we did that I did with my
son you didn't watch shopping and
snorkel all at the same time went to the
mall and not a joke we put on a
snorkeling outfit and I'm swear to you
you can get so close and the colors are
so vibrant of the shoppers anything you
can cut lying laughing I videotaped it
it was beautiful mar vacation or
staycation having i have just a piece of
it this is my son and me in the mall but
you see looking through the foliage is
beautiful and then you can walk right up
look how close look at the bread look
how bright that is and my son Barry
in the mall he had a camera look Wow
look at that beautiful you know he could
almost got bit in there he almost got
bit in there and look at the colors that
stripes and everything what we did was
we he had his camera in a waterproof hey
no we didn't I saw me out and we'll
start they apparently that maybe can go
he's on near the food court without
actually getting water we stay away from
lane bryant cuz we were afraid of like
one yeah yeah well what you guys think
was it was it I don't know what I'm
gonna ask you but that was what I motley
now you guys could see because it had
aired on TV so that's what we shot the
other day in the mall when you guys saw
we bought the snorkeling equipment stuff
that was fun we just kinda it's fun to
see my dad say oh there's security wait
wait one second what's wait till he
walks away cuz we we don't have
permission to do that we just did that
we literally just he's like kids take
off our shirts and just walk around so
we did that fun stuff I hope you guys
enjoyed it i will see you guys again
tomorrow so goodbye on low speed you saw
you want to come add in the dry
ingredients to the wet mixture and then
once I add my ingredient to wet mixtures
all the time okay yes
