hey guys I'm at Jake's right now and
Jake and Angela I don't know getting
ready we're getting their bikes we're
gonna go bike to lunch I just biked here
yeah buddy oh let's see here's Angela's
baked Chloe where are you Chloe no Chloe
she's so angry Chloe ah that's right and
then there's Jake spike Pegasus that's
what that's what he named his bike we
finished lunch we went and got these
amazing tacos at this place called
Komodo I got like a shrimp taco and
steak and now angela is gonna make us
something sweet for a dessert what's not
really isn't it's a muffin it's my
friend but I don't know if you
considered
yeah it's a blueberry ricotta muffin
it's not me blueberry lemon ricotta am
excuse me Angela what are you doing now
how much flour is that two cups to go
that's a flower half a cup of sugar per
cup of sugar yeah but it some baking
powder how much baking powder it's too
hot to half teaspoons how much you add
it oh if this is a half that's a half
spoon okay well two and a half teaspoons
yeah her help chicken powders half a
teaspoon of salt good to salt brings out
to do this in my heart the dry
ingredients mix it although this bowl is
tiny and it's making it a bit difficult
that's okay difficult is good okay one
cup of ricotta yeah and if you're using
lofa or scam you can add extra butter to
like even out the dryness but yeah this
is fine this works we like the whole fat
whole fat if you're going to make a
dessert okay I say it's sweet and good
if you're gonna make it you might as
well use what was meant what you what
you I'm gonna drop this almost dropped
my vlog camera for the first time you're
supposed to use what was meant to be
used for girls there goes cheese Oh half
a cup of milk half a cup of milk going
into the bowl done boom done boom goes
the dynamite boom goes the dynamite is
that a whole stick of butter yes this is
one stick of butter or eight tablespoons
you would want unsalted but I've done it
with salted before and it's not
regular difference you should be doing
yeah it should be insulted but yeah you
might want to like soften it a bit
because you have to mix it in mix up
your wet ingredients yeah usually you
want to use a paddle thing but we don't
have one here so I'm just using a
student if you use whatever you want you
could even use your fingers I guess you
can if you're a child I am a child what
going to add two eggs too many times
could you add two at a time um it says
mixed one at a time Oh like mix it and I
was like I can't break too I guess I
have two hands and you can do with one
hand each I just thought you meant
whatever egg number two going in boom
mix that shit now we add lemon zest but
it's two tablespoons but usually the
zest of one lemon is about a tablespoon
so I'm just gonna zest to you gonna zest
that shit oh yeah just it that's it
you're golden and you want to turn
around to get all that good goodness
keep turning that little extra like that
wouldn't mind I actually personally like
swimming i want so good just get up much
just as much as you can yes she she was
talking to you got she was talking to
you guys and I was just holding the
camera down my side like you know I'm
not vlogging right now inch oh well now
i am so you can go ahead and okay so
usually okay then the allrecipes
actually call first day in turn mixer
but you don't actually need one but on
low speed you saw you want to UM add in
the dry ingredients to the wet mixture
and then once I add my ingredient to
what mixtures all the time okay yes
finally ok so the mixture yeah now after
you just combine all the wedding
hands and dry ingredients we are going
to add in the blueberry so boot asked
for a cup but this should be just about
a cup more or less I prefer more I would
fold it in with your hands or be very
careful with the spatula because it can
break the blueberries so don't break the
blueberries get in there she washed her
hands don't worry I checked yeah cuz you
know alex is a germaphobe and I always
make sure to be clean you have to be
clean now we have the grease them
buttered whatever you want to use muffin
tin and we're going to add it under
there yeah this is I make 16 this is 12
or I mean sorry this recipe is meant for
16 but this is a 12 um muffin muffin
thing um I think I usually just try to
stuff as much as I can into 12 because I
don't like to wait and put another one
well yeah look because we don't have to
right now so just fill these up guys
fill it up you're supposed to have 16 so
if you have a 16-1 perfect if not 12
works fine if you put a lot what is the
oven set to right now estep to 400 and
then you bake for about 25 minutes and
you want to rotate the pan through um
halfway hmm so preheat that to 400 yeah
pre-heat your oven to 400 mm-hmm we
already did that so now it's in and then
we get the muffins quit muffin around
okay guys whoo bunny let's take those
bad boys out of here whoa
oh yeah blueberry lemon ricotta muffins
I think those look mighty sexy if I say
so myself these lemon ricotta blueberry
lemon ricotta muffins mmm yeah but these
are good move the soul good it is what
oh thank you I'm leaving Jake's hash hey
ya by chloe block I'll see you guys
later got a bike home huh I'll back at
home now I just watched the first like
two episodes of the new season of the
following on Fox that shows like my
favorite show I watched the first season
if you haven't seen the first season of
the following it's crazy at least go on
Netflix because that has a full season
and just watch the pilot the pilot
episode was great and then you'll
probably hooked on the series we just
watched them was on tonight and the
first like sneak peak hour long sneak
peek preview was last Sunday so it's
only second episode into it you guys
could totally catch up it's awesome and
so I always that's like been our thing
to watches me Jake and Angela haven't
missed an episode had to watch tonight
it was amazing as always I love that
show okay guys that's it I'm done and I
rode my bike back here and I'm good I'm
I am done for the night so i'm going to
edit this i hope you guys enjoyed
today's I know that it's kind of two
vlogs in a row that
what's cooking yesterday I cooked the
shrimp today Angela cooked the lemon
ricotta lemon ricotta blueberry muffins
that's what it is yeah but they were
they were tasty so I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
don't let it get too hot sauce will burn
on ya
