hey guys it's me
I already saw I've been reading the
comments a lot of you were like I don't
like that you called us motherfuckers
guys if we can't if we can't have fun
and call each other motherfuckers and
bitches and hey damn sexy motherfucker
you know we're just having fun here I'm
not I'm not actually calling you guys a
negative name no need to
no need to get offended anyway I also
saw now that we're on the topic of
comments you guys I have not addressed
this yet and all and that's for a reason
and what I'm about to address is did you
do house tour you guys every time say
give us a house to or give us a house to
well first off I live in an apartment
not a house and second I the way I've
been doing this is I was giving you an
elongated house to her this whole time
by doing vlogs in different parts of my
place so that you guys could eventually
see all of it if you guys want to see
the little room in that kitchen you guys
have seen it in another vlog that I did
with with Roman you know that that that
thing you've already seen it I don't
want to repeat myself if you guys want
to see my roof a couple days ago I did
one and also my New Year's Eve video I'm
on the roof if you guys want to see my
room I've I've done when I had when I
finally put up a TV in my room in that
vlog that one showed my room there's
another room over there all the way on
that side that one is the one that if
you guys watched my 10,000 subscriber
video you didn't see the bedroom but the
bathroom is in that room not in my room
you guys have seen the living room
because I do all my intros right here
I'm not giving you guys a house story
I'm just saying you guys have seen all
this everything you guys want to see at
the end of every video is this area well
not this
library part cool pillow thanks mom for
the pillow but that's where I edit this
is my editing station that you guys
normally see it facing this way that's
that's what it is
okay and then everything the only thing
you haven't seen you've seen three of
the four rooms the other one is like a
guest room and there's nothing special
there bedroom so you guys have seen
everything the roof this all the stuff
I've even flogged inside the elevator
okay if you want to see I will show you
one thing you guys haven't seen okay if
I open up the elevator but actually you
see this every time like Jay comes over
then there's this side of the balcony
that has our bikes and stuff see you so
our bikes can go there that's that's it
I don't know what else to give you guys
I don't know what you want to see I'm
not gonna walk around and say this is my
bathroom this is my bedroom this is the
roof this is this bedroom this bedroom
this bedroom okay it is what it is and
then like little little laundry room
things so yeah I hope that deck that
satisfies your house to her craving
because that like everyone goes he he
doesn't read our comments because he
hasn't even talked about doing a house
to her I read the house to her stuff but
I I purposely like I wasn't even going
to show you guys the roof and I was like
oh well since they want to start seeing
more than the place like I'll blog up
here I don't care on new years I was
like cool I'll show them the roof I'll
show them this I'll show them that I'm
showing you guys don't worry don't worry
your little burns off I'm showing you
everything just not in a formal stuck-up
douchebag way of this is month this is
my place this will fucking live no I'm
showing you guys in a way that was more
natural in what I'm actually doing and
having fun and doing things normally
this is a vlog these videos are not I'm
going to
I don't know do like an MTV Cribs at my
place
I'm not doing that I'm not showing you
every single thing I have you guys will
see more and more as the vlogs keep
going okay so I'm hungry and no one
could do anything no one could go out to
go get some heat I'm gonna I'm gonna
cook here I'm back from the store and I
got some food so I'll show you what I'm
making a little bit but I got shrimp raw
ginger some green onions this pretty
stuff I'm gonna be making a Szechuan
shrimp oh yeah that's what I'm making
right now I'm kind of just half winging
it I do know that one thing I'm gonna
have to do is peel and take off the
tails of all of the shrimp I'm probably
just gonna make the sauce first so
that's out of the way so I can have like
the cutting board clear and then I'll do
that 1/2 a cup of water 4 tablespoons of
the kitchen yeah that's right guys doing
four of these 2 tablespoons of soy sauce
there is one to two teaspoons of honey
yeah there your buddy crushed red pepper
I'm gonna add a teaspoon of this this
will give it some heat yeah Nick's dead
in now I'm adding half a teaspoon I just
cut up some fresh ginger there and
that's 1/2 a teaspoon 4 teaspoons of
cornstarch it's a 1
- now we just mix this up this sauce
sauce time mix this up well okay let's
set this aside and we'll start working
on those shrimps yeah buddy who appeals
all the shrimp so now this is Rick this
sauce is ready and everything let's get
let's get things cooking okay we got it
on a medium-high heat
we're gonna add a little bit of
vegetable oil not too much I just
chopped up some fresh four cloves of
garlic and this I chopped up a quarter
cup of fresh green onions
the rest is sitting over there but I'm
going to go ahead and throw these in you
could go ahead and party in there oh you
know what garlic you want to go party -
you can guess what no one's stopping you
let's go party in there let's mix this
up get this cooking for only about 30
seconds sort of fun do this because I'm
not about to be super dangerous let's
just add this in it's a hard way to do
it but this is what you got to do when
you're vlogging I guess come on shrimp
is okay now move on okay okay all the
shrimps are in let's let this joke let
this cook
okay that shrimp is looking good
you know let's give this a little stir
and we're gonna add this now now it
looks like a lot of sauce but that's cuz
I got one more thing I'm gonna do and
also cooking this sauce is the
cornstarch and everything and also it's
gonna reduce as I cook it she with
thicker sauce but it's already looking
matching fine if I say so myself one
thing I found in my refrigerant
refrigerator that I thought might be
nice and I just cooked it up super fast
with some broccoli let's add some
broccoli right into it that way we got
enough sauce for both them both these
two two lovely things so I'm gonna get
too hot the sauce will burn on ya
just give it a good mix there you have
it guys there's a lot more this is just
I wanted to show you you could always
plate this and what goes really well I
just didn't want to get it is like
steamed like white rice or something you
could even put that around here and that
would look super nice so that's that's
my dinner I want to want to taste this
let's get this let's get this taste
train going let's get some of this with
a little bit of broccoli and we'll taste
taste this come on rock me come on okay
let's see
guys I just made magic for dinner that's
what I did
Wow that is I'm gonna poo I'm so excited
you don't even know what I'm gonna do to
myself later cause of how excited I am
oh my god
you guys need to make this holy cow
oh god that's good I'm making this a lot
more ha oh god that was that's so good
I just finished that and this is what's
left there's a lot less snow so and how
I'm even more excited that I get amazing
food tomorrow - all right this is Wow
yes yes
okay guys that's it that's done
ah that's tasted so good so you guys go
ahead and make that if you want to I
also I do love to cook I love to make
drinks I love do all stuffs this is all
fun for me you guys keep this
interesting for me because I would have
just picked up like whatever but I'm
like hey you know it might be cool to
like cook something on the vlog because
it gives me an excuse to actually cook
something for myself and hey it tasted
good so I'm I'm happy but I will see you
guys again tomorrow so thank you for
watching today I hope you guys enjoyed
it and yeah goodbye see here it goes
this looks too slow slow we got it we
got it
