hello you sexy motherfuckers
that's an intro that's definitely an
intro to use maybe I should just do that
I don't know but hey guys um I uh I
don't know
Brandon's coming over right now and I
think we're going to go get dinner or
something or need because it's sorry
later whoo oh oh
her prison dinner
so I by Nikita hi BoBoiBoy why say my
same I say by yulian one we go okay she
wants to go hi Jake
peace so as you could you just saw we
have some bottles out here we just
decided to experiment with some making
some shots and you know people have made
some of these shots before but not with
the liquors we're using we're just
trying to like you know I don't know
this first one I want to try to make I
was like I want to make the I want to
make an American shot now it's not using
American liquor it's just it's gonna
look American I don't I've never made
this shot before I don't know if it'll
be good or anything but I hope it looks
pretty yes I'm gonna be making the
American flag I'm remaking the American
flag people this shot will be layered
red white and blue so the liquors I
chose were creme de neue which is like
an almond liqueur for the red and then
for the white some people use like a
clear liquor when they're doing white
and call it white like a vodka rum I'm
gonna use a straight-up white one like
rum chata rumchata is like a rice
cinnamon creaminess amazingness great if
you find where I'm trying to apply it to
taste it right and then for the blue
Blue Curacao now Blue Curacao is
actually very heavy so that'll sink
right into the white
have to lighten that up by mixing it
with some rum I'm going to mix it with
rub just to go with the rum with the rum
chata and then it'll be able to sit on
top once I like that so let's see how
this goes
we'll start with the red let's add some
red that's probably good now when you're
layering use a spoon or some sort I like
to use like this a bar spoon but you
could use anything watch just to not
pour it directly on or it'll mix it's
way too heavy and you got upset pouring
extra super slow like crazy slow because
it'll mix super intensely so let's see
try to pour it extra slow
great there's my white as you can see
it's still white rather than clear so
it'll mix little bit but if you turn it
there we go we have light so there's the
white and then now all we have to do is
add the pollute but in order to add the
blue let's go over here
I gotta mix I gotta pour some of the
blue carousel into here just a little
bit and then to lighten it up let's add
some rum
and we'll mix this up that
and then now I will take this and layer
it back onto here as slowly as I
possibly can which is very hard since
I'm porting this out of a shot glass not
out of a speed bar so let's see how this
goes
ah
there we go so guys there you have it
let's move this so you can see all the
colors this is the red white and blue
and there's a reason why people don't
typically use a white liquor and that's
because you kind of see that easiness
but from a distance when you are making
a drink like this that looks great so
now I'm going to take my American shot
this is the American yes I'm on my knees
let me get up
that's not bad at all okay so Jake is
going to make like a Rastafarian one so
this one will be it'll be red yellow and
green
layers so for the red we're going to be
using the creme de neue which was all in
the core the yellow we are going to use
an orange juice we were thinking about
using creme de banana but that would
just make too much with the other colors
that wouldn't be a good idea and then
we're using these you just lightened up
the Midori you lightened up the majority
here with some rum so that it'll sit on
top of the other shoes to not mix it up
like a Midori rum perfect and then all
you have to do for this unlike mine is
you just got to make sure you're pouring
super-dee-duper slow or you will fuck
this up
you just gotta poured super slow and
then you know guys the lower you hold
the food to the liquid it'll just kind
of run up really slow you just gotta
pour some shine and there goes big yeah
it's hard when you don't have a fork oh
okay
there we go there's that perfect yellow
color and then lastly he's going to put
some Midori on top top it up and make
that that rock fiery and amazing this
now these are always hard to pour
because you're pouring out of a shot
glass
there you go this whole slowly okay
these girls
oh look at that okay slow perfect that
my friends is a perfect Rastafarian shot
let's move this out of the mess and make
it fast
look at that that is a Rastafarian so
now Jade you made a puppet shot go ahead
and enjoy it oh yeah you might want to
clean clean that up
it looks it looks great and it's pretty
sexy looking drink drink that Bob Marley
how is it really cool so you call that
one Rastafarian or it's Bob Marley
whatever you want and some of you will
be like whoa there's already a shot
called a Bob Marley well I'm sorry guys
but if you go from if you go to ten
different bars and you order the same
shot at different bars by name you're
gonna get it ten different ways so
there's no real like solidified way to
make a specific drink even the most
famous drinks like a Long Island iced
tea I worked at a place and said you
have to put tequila in it and I work at
a place that says you don't why are you
putting tequila in a Long Island so
everyone makes things different so don't
fight about that on here okay our final
one Jake and I are gonna do this one
together we went into we are doing this
oh do you wanna do this yourself that's
fine
Kathir I like doing things together
let's hold hands
okay well anyway we went to my closet
aka the liquor cabinet
oh I should say the liquor cabinet aka
in my closet and we decided rather than
just picking cool colors like the
American or US partners like that
let's pick flavors so we decided to go
with from the cacao which is it looks
like it's white chocolate but all it is
if you find creme de cacao yeah not
creme de cocoa this is cacao which is
what chocolate is made from both creme
de cacao is the clear one and the brown
one are the exact same flavor they are
just different colors and the reason
they do that is be for specifically for
the aesthetics of the drink whether it
looks aesthetic is the right word right
okay
yes so that the drink looks better
sometimes you don't want brown in the
drink like we don't have around here
same with creme de menthe which is this
right here this is green they also make
a clear one just depends on what color
you want to make the drink so drink so
what we're going to be doing we decided
to make like a mix chocolate shot topped
with raspberries this
Chambord which is a raspberry liqueur so
it'll be mint chocolate top we thought
that just sounds very good now our
problem that we're running into is we're
layering shots with pretty much three
liqueurs so you don't really know the
densities if you're not using like a you
know a spirit like a vodka or rum or
something like that so what we're going
to have to do just to make sure is we're
going to do creme de menthe on the
bottom and then because we're going to
put the creme de cacao in the middle
because it's clear we thought it might
be cool to like differentiate the colors
we're gonna have to lighten up the creme
de cacao with some vodka a little bit
and then lighten up the Chambord with
vodka a lot so that it's even lighter
than that so I hope this works
I don't know we're just experimenting so
we're going to start lighting these up
he's putting in that's the creme Victor
palette in there and then we're going to
do a little bit of vodka to lighten that
up just so it's lighter than the creme
de menthe maybe a little more right
we're lightening it up with Ketel One
Vodka yeah that's good yes and then
we'll do in this here let's lighten up
the Chambord and this one we got a this
one we got to lighten up a lot more
because it's going on top we got to make
sure it doesn't sink science bitches
okay you could lighten this up a lot hmm
anyone yeah that's good
and there's
yeah let's mix this perfect let's mix
this okay so now we're going to begin
layering this drink now two of the
spores are going to be out of shot
glasses which is much harder than
pouring out of these feed pores that are
so handy-dandy
so let's start with the mint which we'll
use as a creme de menthe perfect we use
our handy dandy food are starting our
stirring spoon bar spring spoon and I'm
going to be adding the creme de cacao
I'm going to add this very slow and
hopefully the density we picked was
correct or else we're screwed so let's
see
looks good
that looks good right there we'll shake
this up and Jake will just be adding and
topping off the raspberries there you go
dick
pop that off and hopefully our density
mixtures were good pull it very slow I'm
scared very scared how they go
here we go
just look do we got it we got it we got
it
ah yeah okay I think I think you're good
yeah you're good that is that is a sexy
shot right there
whoo baby oh yeah here look uh
I just want you just just to look at
this shot that's cool because it's oh
thanks get you clean that up
oh yeah perfect okay this is green and
then invisible it's clear so this will
be mint chocolate raspberry oh I guess
we just leave you times like that
Mexican either way you're probably going
no well I don't know who so who's gonna
taste it should I taste it or do you
want to taste it oh you should okay I'll
drink you still got a bike home anyway
to do so
mint chocolate raspberry
that's good good it's good good it does
good they're good yeah I'll go to that
okay guys well at the end of today's
vlog it's done
now I'm going to edit it's like 2:00
a.m. in the morning and yeah I mean I
didn't want to go out tonight it's
Saturday night but hey it's always fun
just to experiment and make some drinks
specially shots I love those layered
shots I hope you guys did too
you guys can always comment down below
and give us drinks suggestions to try to
make or which ones you liked or which
ones you tried or if you try them take a
picture and tweet it to me or do
something and I just I love I would love
I want you guys to be involved in these
as well so like you know I'm trying to
think of more ways you know if you guys
make a drink and take a picture or we'll
say you know this is a drink that we
think is so cool from so-and-so mentor
user whatever you guys think of I want
to make this guy I want to make you guys
more involved I want to do this with you
guys not just for you guys so but anyway
I hope that you guys enjoyed this one I
had fun making those shots I hope you
guys enjoyed watching them and maybe
you'll try them if you're old enough in
your respective country I know the last
time I said don't drink till you're 21
and I had everyone from all different
countries saying but it's 18 here if
it's 18 there go ahead and drink just
when it's legal but if it's legal for
you go ahead and come up a drink if it's
not legal for you go ahead and look up
online a drink that looks cool to you
and sounds good you could still send
that in as a recipe you don't have to
drink it you don't have to make it you
can just look it up cocktails are fun
just as a hobby to look up online and to
see these cool things it's like a cool
science so you don't have to be old
enough just don't drink it and you'll
drink it when you're old enough that's
what it is so anyway guys I'm on a rant
right now but I'm gonna go and I will
see you guys again tomorrow okay goodbye
it
