hey guys look at what I got back my
mustache I'm going right now
to Jake's house because we're gonna go
get some food with with Angela and her
friend Alexa and we're gonna we're gonna
go do that we're gonna go eat I'm hungry
I'm gonna call it the celebration for my
mustache
even though we're just eating cuz we're
hungry
what hello he says hello what do you
guys say do you say hello to this is
gonna come out the same way it's going
in that's coming at ya I'm back at home
now and well I'm only back at home for
like a minute cuz we decided we're gonna
go to a bar except I drove to Jake's
like I always do driving back home to
take an uber at his so I don't drink and
drive cuz no drinking and driving that's
like that's a big push that's a big push
you don't do that that is a no-no if you
drink and drive then stop drinking and
driving I'm going back to Jake's to
drink
take it I am ze Alex all right
they are no Alex me llamo Sandro I don't
know who that Andrew come with a armas I
found my number and won't stop
facetiming me
Indiana Indiana I need answers all right
keep it calm I never I'm tired of it I
am tired of getting these phone calls
I'm a busy man and I am a busy man
wait I don't recognize you I know you're
surprised that you have my phone number
yeah we're not drugs oh you can't do
that with the
you're dying out the holic here alcohol
enthusiast
I'm back at my place now and guess what
guess what I got a packet open this
there we go what is this what is this oh
they got me I got plastic yay no I'm
just kidding
ooh look at this
I got kryptonite by o'clock yes I didn't
tell you guys this but about two weeks
into after moving to Santa Monica I was
like yes I get to bike everywhere and I
biked and I went to a very crowded area
on like a Saturday afternoon and tons of
people around guess what my bike got
stolen yeah because and then the cops
came and I was like they're like well
man there's nothing we could do what
kind of law I was like this lock I held
up a lock I had like a chain thing or
one of those wire things and they're
like yeah well you're gonna need a
u-lock if you don't want to get your
bike stolen so finally after this amount
of time I've been using like Jake's and
stuff I have my Hugh lock these are
apparently you can't like snip them or
anything and if someone steals your bike
kryptonite the company like ensures
their locks pretty much so someone were
to steal my bike and cut through his
locks somehow then I could get like I
think it's up to like fifteen hundred
dollars back to buy it yeah it's what
it's in bicycle is you get fifteen
hundred dollars back and powersports is
five hundred back so if I attached to a
bicycle and it gets stolen their youth
they'll send me fifteen hundred dollars
to go ahead and buy a new one because
they trust their locks so I'm excited
about this I get to bike around again
whoo exercise is not being so fat
anymore and I should go to the gym a lot
more
yeah okay guys well that's it I'm home
it's like 2:30 in the morning and I'm a
little bit drunk still and I have a
mustache I have a mustache I have my wax
again I feel like me like me anyway guys
so I hope you guys enjoyed watching this
one and I will see you tomorrow so
