hey guys I'm on my way right now to go
back to my parents house cuz I gotta
shoot something for my dad because
sometimes I film his stuff that he uses
on TV and stuff like that that's what
I'm gonna go do pretty girl
we're shopping at Target this is goodbye
now right well yeah don't do it where
else you get snorkeling target has good
deal sting hey we just recorded
something here in the mall for The
Tonight Show if you want to see the full
thing where did the when is the area on
the 30th on The Tonight Show with Jay
Leno you should but it involved these so
yeah it was it was fun it'll be on the
xxx xxx on The Tonight Show with Jay
Leno yes I finally had time to go where
my mailbox is I got two packages in
first one is Oh more mustache wax e and
then this one is what is it oh it's more
mustache wax yi
were you doing we're good how are you
doing what is he celebrating Oh guy on
the white looks like uh yeah board game
the right looks like Ozzy Osbourne II I
look like Ozzy Osbourne
you mean Jack Osbourne there you go no
no you do no gotta look me me Ozzy
Oswalt's the hair everybody says that
I am Oz I am Ozzy Osbourne oh my god
this is exciting
how's the Osbourne that's right it's
great to get recognized what's that
guy's name
where wait wait wait I know what you're
talking about I know what you're talking
about
wait oh yes
yes you to look at piston I'll look it
up I'll google it here have an iPhone
I'm gonna google it what should I look
on what should I look under all right
spell that for me please spell that for
me slow down slow down slow down hey hey
I'm sorry now not getting that second
letter what's the second letter I think
he said hmmm
two M's
American that's what he just typed got
it Sharon Osbourne good hmm apparently
no Hey
I can't hear you man
No now I can yeah
now we can hear you okay make a song
like a like a sound like I'm like a
squirrel oh like a squirrel Oh make a
sound like a squirrel thank you thank
you okay thank you
hi hi
my father Bob to say hi to you too hold
on okay
yeah hi sheesh I okay
she shows happy just where are you from
where are you from Indiana oh but I'm if
I'm poor to repose seven years ago okay
all right
the fuck nothing I'm just my my son is
my son Alex he's my dad Howie he just
told me that are you making it sir video
right now yeah uh-huh yeah this is like
a plea everything yeah we're we're
sending this video to Howie Mandel the
why now I'm gonna send it to him to be
honest with you oh do you know how he
you know Howie Mandel hi what where do
you know him from uh my speed like my
friend Shawn me of a long time ago and
like I've seen a bunch of videos on
YouTube about him and ice like my friend
was sitting there and like I fell in
love with him like I don't know why but
I had like I've only seen him on YouTube
please usually cute
what are you doing YouTube okay
you should join where I am oh I am okay
all right anything hello how do you know
that's a guinea pig and she just doesn't
have a hairy chest
Hey
you've seen my videos you know yes you
know who is who he is or who I am I know
I know both of you oh who are we
you don't know Dale s-super videos on
YouTube oh well that's cool you having a
little dance party I see great man
some guys know how to party yeah so
tomorrow somebody's gonna say to you
what were you doing last night oh man I
was dancing I was raging I had what a
night what a night you're having right
right me twice is good if somebody was
there with you but doesn't matter okay I
have some people right here NATO NATO oh
yeah how's it going guys good you
realize we're not with you oh but you're
there and you're there back to dancing
turn the music up dance go ahead yeah go
ahead
what time do you send everyone home Oh
what time you gonna be sending everyone
home no one's here I know what I am you
ever heard of Hulu your chat thing yes
yes yeah
you got all dressed up you put on some
hot music and you just sit on the on the
laptop crazy crazy night
Oh drive on be here for me oh dear what
do you say let's take a drive it is
gonna be here you go and do the holes
okay well I mean I'm not like when he's
sitting here with his dad so it's not
much better oh my dad's sleeping so
let's go wake him up is this a laptop
can you carry this I'm gonna wake him up
carry this into his room and I'm gonna
wake up your dad I can't it's a desktop
Oh huh how can we do it I feel like
talking yeah let's go wake up your dad
just just you know what you should just
wake up your dad and say how we want to
say excuse me sakes Oh Howie Mandel
wants to talk to you oh my mom's like go
get yeah let's look at your mom
all right good
vicious here we go it is hello hi I'm
Howie 'no smite son Alex nice to meet
you uh we just felt bad that your son is
alone in his room dancing having a party
and there's really nobody around and he
said he could bring his mom in so turn
the music back on guys let's start the
dance again go ahead turn the music back
on go ahead
what's your name him come on miss see
now okay
I want to hear there is your mom there
is that your that's your dad is that
your dad hi is that your dad yeah how
you doing uh I'm how enos my son Alex
we're having like kind of an EDM party
in your son's room I don't think that's
his dad well that's not your dad isn't
no who's that
Oh little brother I said but he can when
he can hang out hang out at the party
what your dad's on talking your mom Oh
sister what's that that's your little
sister what don't put pants on that you
can have a coat on what part of the
country are you in Massachusetts Wow
it's cold there
hello we're about to start the music
so get ready dance hit the music I want
to see everybody dancing
go ahead I don't see mom or sister your
brother dancing I'm tired
alright okay
thank you hey wait I want to hear you
talk don't I don't want to see you type
it I will mix you if you type it I want
to hear you hey you're taller Howie
yeah Howie he might be looking how he
for real I got it
hi borrowing it wait your camera's like
only cutting off half your face
maybe he's taller than it is taller than
his own computer Oh what so if this is
my first time on omegle oh please no
pictures no pictures the video please
this is uh this is my son Alex hi he's
big on YouTube have you ever seen him on
YouTube oh oh you got to go to Alex
Mandel go see Alex and lug jaw vlog
Channel Alex Mandel vlog and you could
buy one of his t-shirts and be part of
the a team oh yeah I do have those I got
one I got 15% uh okay guys well that
sit that's done for today I know a lot
of you are probably pissed that I didn't
even post to go on omegle well that was
on purpose not because I didn't want to
talk to you guys but because I thought
it might be cool to like you know if I
told you guys to go on you know exactly
who my dad is and who I am from watching
this I was like I wonder what perfect
strangers will do so that was the point
of this one
don't worry when I do omegle is from now
on you guys will be notified this was
just a social experiment to try that but
yet I also don't guys don't forget now
that we're past 10,000 subscribers the
giveaways will start I'm just coming up
with some good fun ways to do the
giveaways and then I'll start doing that
so just sit tight and wait for them
because they will come also I noticed
that I hit over 400,000 views so that's
very cool we're moving on up all of us
together I love seeing these comments
like I've been with you I was the 40th
subscriber I was I was in your first
1,000 that's so awesome that you guys
are sticking around and you guys are we
get to all watches happen I'm I'm
watching this you guys are watching this
is great we get it you know it's you
guys that are making it go up by sharing
and commenting and it's me posting these
videos we're doing this together this is
a together full thing earnest or god
flipped to get there okay
well I will see you guys again tomorrow
so uh yeah goodbye
Slytherin little snake beautiful and
sexy for my baggage
