hey guys so I just checked on my youtube
channel page page and um and I still the
here's the thing i have about 17 more to
go 17 more subscribers to go to hit
10,000 subscribers which is awesome and
thank you so much for that oh well
lookie who it is hi Jake whoa whoa hi I
am vlogging is it cold out right now uh
I thought I'd be colder it is really not
that golden I am hungry Jake and I just
went to dinner and O Rama Luther opening
here yeah oh oh you're not getting a
bike now oh yeah no my jacket said oh oh
anyway Angela called him for those who
don't know his girlfriend but you should
know by now called him and said she is
gonna go to his place he's like oh crap
well it's a fast and then I'm gonna and
then I'm gonna ditch you I'm gonna go
right back home so we didn't eat that
fast we didn't eat that fast no but I
thought we were gonna like hang out and
stuff I told you I out of work to do you
do have work to do okay well that's fine
all rights so close focus focus camera
focus there you go nine thousand nine
hundred ninety seven that means it's
probably I'm turning on a light probably
blurry right now on my face but it's
okay we are only three subscribers away
from 10,000 subscribers which is pretty
exciting for me I am so excited and I
want to thank you guys not yet no thank
you not yet three subscribers away and I
don't thank you not i'm not thinking you
right now I'm three subscribers away
from thanking you 9999 only one more to
go
oh so close okay i know that this this
progression in in these clips are like
97 right up front I'll stuff but I just
want to tell you guys that right now
guess what guess what guess what now you
get your thank you because I just hit
10,000 subscribers yes I did me Alex
Mandel gives you two already know me I
just hit 10,000 subscribers so thank you
guys so much for watching and supporting
and doing this with me not even for me
with me we're doing this together i only
make these videos because you guys keep
watching and you guys comment and i try
to answer comments and i do this and i
am excited guys you guys make this
happen i love all of you and I do like
if all of you were sexy ladies right now
I would probably have sex with all you
but you're not all sexy ladies not all
your even ladies but if you were just
know that we'd be having sex right now
but there's no I want to celebrate I
want to celebrate now I'm alone at my
house I didn't end up going to jakes but
I have to I have to celebrate this
somehow and I'm going to
oh hello there I'm just celebrating my
10,000 subscribers you can i'm saying oh
yeah i see you wearing Roman smile more
shirt your fan yeah how does it make you
feel right now we're just hanging out
together in the bathtub pretty good cool
oh it's chase hi chase hurry up no it's
so loud hello you celebrate 10,000
subscribers I don't know on your
birthday yeah for those of you that
don't know that i'm watching this is
chase gilroy you should check out his
blog too he's also good he came I met
him through Roman because him and Roman
came to stay so he's one of the smile
more crew fancy seeing you here make
sure 0 0 cheers technology barbers man
oh hey how's it going thank you thank
you for the congratulations on 10,000
subscribers what better way to celebrate
than with a bubble bath with some
champagne right if I said who your mama
you're not my blog right now by the way
that's so cool yeah you got you watch my
blogs obviously it says you both might
now expand that we both do on here bike
shirt black shirt but no shirt my black
shirts over there me yeah of course
gotta rock the black shirts
that's so quiet too well you know it's
cool for me that I get to be you how how
often do I get to actually I make videos
and send them how often do I get to see
you guys in person and and there's
nothing weird about us two guys hanging
out in the bath tub bubbles and
champagne right oh hello yes it is me
it's alex i am the bathtub what's wrong
with the bathtub i want to celebrate
10,000 subscribers with some champagne
bubbles how are you but Lee in the
bubble tea are you are you filming me
right now on your phone I think a
picture you taking a picture with the
cake is I'm vlogging you right now oh
sweet mm-hmm hey I'm in redondo beach
you're in Redondo Beach oh you're close
I wouldn't bite you over but if you get
kind of weird shit I don't think there's
much space in the tub oh um hello oh my
god audio whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa okay
how do we fix this oh we're good okay
well hello there ten thousand and write
check out oh my god Vertical again ah I
think it oh there we go this is this is
crazy but yeah 10,000 subscribers just
wanted to come on here to celebrate with
you guys it seems that tonight all I'm
all I'm getting is just other guys we're
hanging out of the tub together I
haven't come across any girls yet but
you know it is what it is right yeah so
I just wanted to come by and say thank
you for continued to viewing and
couldn't predict ever dare not speak
English I'm gonna
for continued your lieutenants champagne
able Tech man hey come on oh are you
okay it's because you'll have headphones
or anything plugged in in your tummy
I've in a bubble bath right now drinking
champagne celebrating 10,000 subscribers
what's wrong with that you and I hanging
out in the bubble bath I'm grassman well
thank you patient get a smoothie
challenge I should do the smoothie
challenge like a prankvsprank like Jesse
and Gina just did yeah I should do that
maybe I don't think I'll think about
doing I'm gonna do some more challenges
so I'm going to ask you guys on my blogs
I guess I can just asked you here
because you're on my blog right now if
you didn't know but I just say anyone if
you want to get me more challenges you
can and I will hopefully do them on my
vlogs chase again admit I've talked to
some other people that said oh I just
met chase and that you've locked up too
so we're both going around the Alex and
I that circuit right now yes we are
gonna start your treat I was like all
right I'm going to tarnower's well I'm
happy you did cuz then now we get to get
to chat get a top over some champagne
and bubbles oh hey oh wow why are you
but why not I just got 10,000
subscribers why not have some champagne
in a bubble bath right you shit Touche
so what's up just a book
you what look you just woke up where are
you and Italy in Italy well yeah that's
I but you sound American yeah so I'm
sorry it's a long story hey what's up
where are you from from where yeah
Australia do you ever watch Alex Mandel
on youtube no okay I won't know I was
just trying to find him because he just
hit 10,000 subscribers yeah about that
is exactly why he would be in a bathtub
with some champagne
hey bro what's up no that's fucking up
that's hot definitely hot this is hot
Emma thank you I'm just celebrating what
my channel just hit 10,000 subscribers
that's what did you sing for me or
something sing for you yeah please see
me okay if my part with warm fill your
heart with one okay yeah man what's here
what's your favorite animal minus 30
Celsius minus 30 cells what's your
favorite animal good fuck box top
another Fox on but we already know what
does the fox say he'd pick a different
animal they're from my country then from
your country norway from norway whoo the
norwegian by the Christ oh oh my gosh
you see that video I seen the video yes
the Norwegian father cries you know it
that's a nice guy right yeah I know it's
a guy yeah okay my people believe it's a
woman no I know it's a guy we have many
like that here eating a many of oats
there yes I can't see them though no not
in the bathtub and you in the u.s. in
California you're a California man i'm
moving there next year you're moving to
California next year well there is extra
space of the tub oh it is yes
so I'm going to sing for you let's hear
what's your favorite animal a table
favorite animal is snake snake if man
I'm one egg ok don't lift your eyebrows
like that ready i nee little beautiful
yeah well fuck i flew them into your
gardening I shit on your plans haha ok
guys well I am a little bit drunk off
champagne and I am still excited that I
had 10,000 subscribers today thank you
so much to all of you and for sharing
these videos and for liking them and
commenting and especially watching them
I you know this is so surprising i've
been doing this for less than two months
to hit 10,000 is so amazing thank you so
much i love all of you guys i hope that
you enjoyed this much as much as the
previous vlogs as much as all the future
vlogs to come so thank you so much again
i'm so happy i got to speak to a lot of
you guys on on omegle some of you were
too shy to come on camera and that's why
you know I didn't want to put you on the
vlog I wanted people to see your faces
but come on next time and for those of
you that aren't on it sorry I didn't get
to you and for those of you that want to
next time make sure you're following me
on Twitter because that's where i right
oh I'm going to be on omegle make sure
you go on it and then those people get
the notification they go on to wait for
me so you could follow me just at Alex
Mandel so that um that way I can
communicate with you faster rather than
just waiting until the next day for the
video so thank you guys again so much
let's keep this going guys let's
let's shoot for more let's keep let's
keep doing this we're doing this
together we're all part of this a team
together and so I couldn't do this
without you and obviously you can be
commenting and watching without me
because then there'd be no video but
anyway again thank you guys so much i
love all of you guys i will see you
tomorrow as always and goodbye
