hey guys this isn't necessarily a video
we wanted to do but I feel like it's
something that we have to do at this
point I mean how it's called me and how
many we should do it and I think that I
agree it is something that we have to do
yeah for those of you that are longtime
Watchers you may already know this but
for those that are watching only
recently this may have come off kind of
confusing and we would like to clear
things up before this wasn't a big deal
but now it's become one of the main
topics of conversation amongst you guys
Adria and I met a little bit more than a
year ago and actually when we first met
she didn't even make an appearance on
the vlog for the first one mm ah like
two months ish even more than that yeah
at a certain point my other friends they
used to see a lot on the blog got a job
say we're busy so I didn't have much
content and to be completely honest I
was on the verge of just quitting it was
just a struggle to try to find content
every day but there's this Blue Angel
cable um Pacific while we were hanging
out just for the fun of it I started
helping him come up with ideas yeah and
she was pretty damn good at it it was
good at it but we could have some fun
stuff to do while we were hanging out he
could also help him out with the blog
and that was the birth of Adria on Alex
Mental Floss the Pacific so it wasn't
that I stole him away from his other
friends and started taking the blog all
for myself
it's just that they got busy and I
happened to be around at the moment no
first thing to do
only looks okay this she started helping
out so much in front of the camera and
behind the scenes that it would have
just been wrong for me not to paint her
on the day she blog and we get a lot of
comments saying that I wouldn't be here
unless he pays me or I want to hang out
with him and let me give you money and
that's just really not so good get a
feed the meter it's not true we're
together a lot because we vlog but if
you watch our Instagram stories or
snapchat stories you'll see we're
together even on the days without
blogging it's not no sometimes it's like
that being said we do hang out with
other people and you know if I snapchat
was another guy or he's not chance with
another girl both of us get messages
saying that we're cheating on each other
and that just makes us feel like we look
really bad in your eyes and you know
we're not shooting at each other we're
just hanging out with friends yeah in
the past I've actually tried to vlog
with another girl who is one of my
friends and things just turned out
pretty bad some of you got really mean
in the comments towards Andrea and you
know what before I continue why don't
you continue shopping and I don't tell
them I'm going to go ahead and read you
guys just the first two comments from
that blog sorry Alex but this chick is
way better than Andrea she seems so much
more genuine the next one cool chick
finally someone not trying to dive into
your wallet bro those are just the first
two comments they get really bad on that
vlog it's gotten to a point where Andrea
I really can't put other people into our
content without comments like that
oh we're revealing sometimes some are
things that we do can push boundaries a
little bit but you know where should I
comfortable with each other
yeah I'd say because of how comfortable
we are with each other it may have
seemed like we are together but we're
just friends
it was fun fun whoa
but in all seriousness we are friends
she is one of my best friends I love
having her out I think you like being
around Ruskin I enjoy that but she's
also a really good wingman helped me
meet some other girls that unfortunately
we couldn't show the poly I'd never
gotten see yeah and in the beginning of
notes actually in the beginning you used
to help when I used to do the live
streams with my dad to meet girls you
would help with those yeah and I had a
boyfriend she did have a boyfriend the
beginning I think yeah so actually said
that okay we did say a lot in the
beginning a lot of you guys who were
around for a while you already know that
we have said this actually the beginning
we tried really hard to tell you guys
we're not together we're not together we
are friends
we did on the live streams on Twitter on
everything and eventually it just got to
a point where this fella we couldn't say
anymore like we just had to stop because
it became we're like now our whole focus
of the comment section of everything is
just about us let's just not talk
anymore it went away for a while and
only recently we started realizing that
people are starting to ask a lot more
and because there's a lot of new viewers
and a lot of you that don't know for
sure we thought that this video was
important to make sure that you guys
know that we are just friends that is
okay
I have a lot of friend that a girls a
group of sisters two sisters I like
having the company of women doing that
happy we're dealt she actually has a lot
of guy friend too but you started
posting with some enough but every time
you post hi here yes and I get a lot of
emails be like do you know that your
girl is out with other dudes right now
and I send that straight to her and we
get a good laugh about it but like I'm
like guys I've said this to you before
we were not together and I hope that
this video just makes things like very
transparent for you guys if anything and
to be honest we hope that making this
video will make it so that we don't have
to talk about this anymore because our
blogs really aren't about it that's the
thing is that we started to feel like
the the focus of all of our content of
us was hanging out and doing what we
love doing was based on whether we're in
a relationship or not yeah like I you
know I would do something nice for her
they're like whoa bro she didn't give
you a kid yeah you guys never kiss on
the blog of course we don't kiss on the
blog cuz we don't kiss okay I get a hug
all the time you guys see that we give
lots of hugs but no no kisses we're
friends if you guys are cool with it
I would love to like show some other
stuff like maybe she can help me wingman
find some girl on a blog I would be so
down I am an excellent win woman why
don't we do more dating blowing okay I'm
such an awkward date it would be
hilarious she already knows how awkward
person I am I am such an awkward dinner
we just want you guys to enjoy the
content and we want to be able to put
out whatever content we want because we
just love hanging out and love doing
these things and I hope that that makes
you happy because it makes us very happy
yeah you go out and try to find a friend
like her is going to do the cool shit we
do and be cool with it because yeah I'm
sorry
or not dating that's just the latest and
on that note I call upon my noble seed
onto our next adventure
oh they go let it warm up a little then
we'll turn the choke off down here so it
might actually be okay with thee
yep bye
