hey guys I am I'm gonna go hang out with
Brandon I'm gonna go get something to
eat with him and then we're gonna go
play with my toys we'll play with my toy
yeah it's been a little bit since you
guys probably watched that vlog a while
ago where we went shooting and we're
it's been it's past due so I want to go
I'm not gonna take my shotgun this time
I'm just taking just taking my Glock and
do a little pistol shooting it'll be fun
I think good good times yeah I'm with
Brandon now we're gonna go get Korean
barbecue not the same one you guys saw
in a previous vlog this one's like
closer to us but the Korean barbecue
here is really fresh do you know how I
know that because it says it it says it
it's fresh like the last place there's
still a lot of food when you eat Korean
barbecue it's like all this
oh yeah oh yeah
I brought - thank you
round to eat I am strong so good and now
we're gonna now we're gonna go shoot
some shit how about that okay Brandon
and I are gonna play a little game we
each okay I don't have I have a
9-millimeter I have a Glock 19 so we
decided to get guns we rented we each
got 40 he got the Glock 22 and then I
got the Smith & Wesson M&P
so we're gonna be doing that and then we
got these playing darts with guns touch
with gun the best way to play dart for
this game we're gonna be playing first
one to a hundred and fifty so you have
to get 150 on the dart board
in total we each have 25 rounds right
yeah we have 25 rounds to do that you
can't go over it or it doesn't count
that score you gotta hit it exactly 150
and then we'll see who's the winner
as this gun I this I don't own this this
is a rented one so I still some sites
are on or anything this is my first time
shooting it today we'll see what what
you say I say just go for it man so good
oh my god
go for it
twenty times two
okay so right now after the first ten
rounds he's at 98 and I met 140 so I
only need ten and he's gonna have to hit
about 52 but there is no two on the
boards he's got a hit like 50 and then
we'll see who gets to them and it may
even be a tie I don't know because we
have 15 more to go 10 each and then
another round of five each so it kind
ended up being pretty easy
I have no idea
25 but I only need a 10 I think we just
can have to call it you win I think I
win but I don't know I don't know let me
shoot you shoot
I'll shoot the bottom half but then
there's no 2020 I don't know
ten c-130 will say all right I got a
moving target
you need a 20
well we each only have five rounds to go
and we pretty much we can't really
figure out who wins as we both hit the
150 it's very close but whatever it's a
tight game fair play time to go home all
done here I think we had ourselves a
successful date the shooting range if I
say you're selling myself I am back home
right now and I got this on my phone to
messages let it focus from Brandon ones
a snapchat that one just said just made
history so let's go over to snapchat I
want to see I think I may know what it
what it could be after Korean barbecue
but I'm scared
finally after 20 minutes it's completely
yeah he's doing what everyone does after
Korean barbecue and what I am about to
do now that I'm home
and I'm not gonna vlog that but I am but
I'm gonna do that that's what I'm doing
right now or about to do okay guys well
that's my day and I have a good day and
let me just tell you right now
kak√° complete it was good it felt good
everyone needs it after there's some
Korean barbecue but right now I'm
feeling good and I hope that you guys
enjoyed that I had fun shooting and
eating I have fun eating and shooting
but I will see you guys again tomorrow I
want to check I'm checking on my thing
right now my page look I am it's loading
oh it's scary guys it's so close come on
come on Oh
9950 for subscribers right performing
edit this that means I don't know if I'm
blurry right now but that means
tomorrow I should hit 10,000 subscribers
and then salt if I do which I most
likely will I'm gonna do I want to do
something special for you guys I don't
know what it's gonna be yet I just I
want to so I hope so you guys can make
it happen by sharing some of your
favorite vlogs that you've seen even if
it's not this one go back to your some
of your favorites you know I don't know
what they made me but you could go and
share those and we'll get that we're
getting up to 10,000 subscribers
tomorrow and at 10,000 like I told you
guys that's when the giveaways will
start for the shirts so we can get that
started as soon as I hit 10,000 but
thank you guys so much for watching
today and I hope you guys enjoyed and
I'll see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye 1 2 3
no we both got IOU sex coupons
