hey guys it is such a nice day in Santa
Monica just look I don't know how much
for this you can see but it is nice I
want to show you guys hold on look who's
playing up here on my on my rooftop this
little girl here hey what are you doing
look at the camera hi hi hi hey hi
Nikita 0 0 UT the are you cheatng get
him are you doing attack attack we're on
our way now to this place it's like
walking distance from my place called
vapor delight and they give you like a
vaporizer thing there and these fruity
flavors or whatever flavors you want and
you could you could vape it's like
smoking but it's not smoke it's just
like vapor and there's no smoke and the
flavors they give you to try has zero
nicotine zero smoke zero it's nothing
it's just you're pretty much just
tasting flavored fog is what it is but
it's fun because they have over 100
flavors and you get to try them for free
it's awesome so if you ever in Santa
Monica check out vapor delight I love it
vapor delays
okay so they give you these here and
these batteries you can switch out the
tanks four different flavors we're
trying like s'mores and this one is
caramel creme brulee
tastes just like caramel creme brulee
this is I love this they leave and then
they actually they have over 100 flavors
and there's a menu right here you can
get like all flavors candy flavors back
of flavor fruit flavors now none of it
actually has tobacco and nut and you can
get nicotine in itself like you're
addicted to cigarettes you can get a
nicotine flavor and try to do this
instead of that so it's not as bad but
these tasters have zero nicotine and it
just has an atomizer so it's like
tasting flavored fog it's it's great I'm
just trying bunch of different flavors
now I'm reading your comments right now
on yesterday's video on the drunk text
video and all of you want to know what
happened after i finished blogging and i
will answer that question with a simple
smile that's all that's all that's how
i'm answering take it as you take it as
you will i am so pissed right now we
just went to dinner I'm with Brendan
Hannah just Brandon's here but I was at
dinner and I'm sitting like in the
restaurant just looking out the window
and walking past was Steve kardynal I
don't know if you know him but if you
don't you should definitely look him up
on youtube he had that really famous
video come out recently him on
chatroulette doing the wizard call we
can't stop yeah the miley cyrus thing
where he's swinging on his fault a
wrecking ball oh my god sorry i blanked
it's not that I didn't know it but
because she says we can't
okay yeah anyway no wrecking ball so go
look at his right Steve Cardinals
wrecking ball video if you haven't but I
just saw him and I didn't have time to
run out of the restaurant and vlog with
him I wish I did but hopefully I'll bump
into him in a little bit and be able to
vlog with him a little bit that would be
cool at dinner Brandon and I decided it
would be fun to go to kitson after store
on Third Street Promenade and we're like
yeah we're gonna buy each other funny
gift I don't know why we decided to buy
gifts but this is like a weird i don't
know like a like a secret Moses that's
what this is anyway so we decided to
fight each other gift and you have to
spend less than ten dollars on it and we
figured we get each other's something
funny or cool so I don't know what he
got he doesn't know what I got we both
got our gifts right here so on the count
of three just reach in and I'm just
gonna we're just gonna hand them to each
other one two three no whoa we both got
IOU sex coupons nice but how do you feel
had this Hannah's Brandon's girlfriend
so I'm sure she's excited that Brenda
and I are gonna be having lots of sex
are you had a stupid Brandon bought you
that can go now you call you stupid i
have this candle at home i love it oh so
now she's tell you jody has it well and
now we could uh we have lots of io u--'s
xq buns yay and um kisses from head to
toe yes and let's see um um that's a bad
one an erotic massage I'll take that one
around the parole plane will do that I
could be wait what here's the favorite
the wait a romp with a sexpot
Brandon and I are about to have some fun
Hannah you want a video tape in my place
we have these huge windows these like
okay these are all the the shades are up
right now and we have to at night
because it looks into every single
apartment in the next building like it
looks into it I know what everyone does
not on purpose it's just there I don't
sit there and stare but bread Brandon
went on the roof he runs down he's like
dude look out the window and so I look
out the window there's just a guy
standing butt-ass naked this place of
like not vlogging that because that is
totally creeper and I not I don't
anymore look at that so but this is this
is my life so sometimes when I like come
out at night when my shades are down
like one of them will wave at me and
I'll wave and then like the rest of the
people in all the other windows were
like wave at me thinking wait like I
have this weird unspoken relationship
with all of them and like they know my
routine they see me and I know their
routine because I see them but we've
never actually met in person and I don't
want to because I like to have these
weird built up ideas of who they are in
my head this is like a fun fun sort of
relationship just through the windows
from building to building and they could
see all of them in that building could
see me and I could see each one of them
so it's a it's an interesting way to
live I want to show you what that looks
like when you can see the whole building
here just select this on my thing one
second push open
so all the shades in the place open up
watch and I'll show you what they what
they see
okay give it a second give it second
okay
the whole next building yes those are
all each individual apartments and they
are very close to me actually its just
oh god there's there's like I don't want
to make this awkward but like you could
really see like everyone sitting around
he's just sitting there without a shirt
on it's it's weird guys
but that's there's a guy lighting
candles well see they all have their
weird routines and they've all seen me
in my underwear I've seen them in their
underwear I see there it's just it's a
very awkward and fun and interesting
relationship with everyone in that
building I it's thoroughly I thoroughly
enjoy it it's great entertainment okay
guys well that was my day so I hope that
you guys enjoyed it i had fun relaxing
day and hung out with brandon hannah
pretty much all day it was fun it was
enjoy it would I enjoy it so I hope that
you guys enjoyed watching and I will see
you guys again tomorrow goodbye oh yeah
I think that's that that's good
said that
