hey guys I just ate with my sister and
my mom and my brother-in-law and their
friend Tasha and I want I want to show I
want to show you guys my sister's new
hat I think it's funny
here look it's a mustache but show them
what you could do
so yeah she they had a mustache that
normally goes just like mine but she
didn't want she don't want my parents
get confused on which one was Alex and
which one was Jackie tell them it smells
like pot here what it smells like pot
out here all those high ground Amsterdam
okay it smells like pot out here says my
mother so here's what I want to do I
want to do a couple things but pretty
much what this is going to be is I am
going to drunk text some girls except
for the fact that I'm sober but they
won't know that unless I unless they
watch this tomorrow but I feel like I
just want to I just want to send
messages I just want to send messages to
the girls just as everyone do and we'll
see what the response is it's about
10:00 to 1:00 a.m. in the morning it's
almost 1:00 a.m. on a Sunday night well
I don't have work tomorrow and
apparently I'm just outside out there
partying my ass off wasted and drunk
texting so I'm going to I'm gonna have
some fun with that now this will be s
I'll be interesting um this is almost a
little awkward because I haven't seen
this girl since randomly in college I
had to do some stuff with her for
eternity stuff I was in a fraternity she
was in a sorority whatever anyway yeah
so I'm gonna say hey there
pretty girl let's do a pretty girl
lots of this let's add a better face
look little tongue wink action
creepiness and send that okay that and
then see if she responds this I must
regret this I'm sober so front leg feels
no longer like okay my boat can't even
have an excuse hi I'm sorry who is who
is this you have my numbers yeah it's
Alex and down silly goose this is lots
ease lots of teeth yeah basket one oh
I'm gonna hear about this and cookies oh
hey I haven't touched you Rick yeah no
crazy one right now I'm now I'm getting
drunk now this is where the texts are
like what okay I'm going crazy dot dot
weird got you
should I go out sometime nope let's
leave that camera happy
miles
I don't know what I'm writing right now
oh we should for sure grab a drink
smiles even though it sounds like
someone's already added face who you for
talking about drinking now let's leave
that yes
oh yay for sex
yummy bud buddy let's do lots of teas
and then yeah that looks good Oh
oh yeah
I think that's that that's good
that Oh yummy
but my work of art is complete Oh she'll
actually go for it okay well you know
what hey I might have to cut this blog
short you'll have myself some sex right
now
that's with a girl I haven't even seen
or talked to years but hey look at what
god I need is everything oh very
appropriate mr. haha
what's you Ling fine lady I'm a taking
it off naturally
boom boom six of time faith
yeah let's fuck the thing is people
always knew me as the weirdest guy ever
so she's probably like but you know what
though you know this is definitely gonna
come back and haunt me 100% take that
boom boom sex time phase yeah let's fuck
and then for those of you that are Roman
soldiers you'll understand this if you
enjoy baggy pajama shirts and sweatpants
did y'all have fun with these I think
she's flirting with me I think I'm doing
a good job I think I think I just need
to to do this a lot more this is hey hey
they're on my way now I remember when
you live it's that's perfect
I like four kings Oh Romy will get a jig
out that way that I like working this is
is beautiful I like this I was actually
gonna do a bunch of different girls not
like no one gonna answer me but hey I'm
doing well right now I still live in the
same place you used to come visit me Oh
God
okay well um yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
finish this up I'm gonna finish up this
vlog now and um good thing
see sober drunk texting okay guys yeah
I'm turning this around because I want I
want to tell you this sober drunk
texting apparently has just paid off
because you know if I was actually drunk
and I was texting I'd be like damn I got
lucky but I can't drive because I've
been drinking but guess what sober drunk
texting gives me the ability to still
drive over there and play some play some
games yep
I'm going to end this vlog right here
and I'm gonna I'm gonna see you guys
again tomorrow
so I will I will do that I'll see you
guys again tomorrow
and right now I'm gonna go over there
I'm gonna pull off my pants and she's
going to
and yeah yeah uh-huh and I record it
please
did you put lipstick on under mother
