hey guys so today tonight right now I'm
going over to jake's and we're going to
go tonight we're actually going to go
out I know we are because I'm going to
make them if they don't want to so we're
definitely going to do that as you can
see some of you already commented today
I don't have a mustache again because
I'm out of mustache wax and it's pissing
me off the only one I have is this like
neutral color which actually ends up
being white and it looks like yeah I
know what the comments are going to say
it looks like chunky white stuff in my
mustache hahaha anyway mores coming in
the mail so it'll be in soon and this
will be back in sexy full action I'm
going to jakes now and you're coming
with me let's do it anyway blogging is
muscle no he's like the roof my
hairspray talking shit while I'm
vlogging ya know you're doing good
friends I'm gonna take a shot goes here
Oh Angeles here well I'm gonna take a
shot of patron out of the mud near me
like one with the other than orange put
the orange down there I'll grab that in
a second they were ghetto fab in it oh
yeah not even a lime and orange crazy
yeah it's cool does it actually like
light up like
oh no Jake that was just my last one was
it wasn't terrible yeah we're going to
Main Street are you going to Main Street
we're at the Victoria the place where
you guys saw in the blog before the
douchebag something here yeah it's a lot
of white people here ya know but if we
find that douchebag again I'm gonna fart
on him as I walk fast cuz that's that's
we should what I wasn't an upper cut him
yeah uppercutting him with him with a
fart actually people I literally laid
down earlier could knock somebody has a
gun oh I don't want to oh he's working
yeah no but I oh I don't know what
happened
I don't know what's going on what take
no chairs cheers major look
getting stra√üe stuck to myself boom ok
so it Main Street we had we had a good
time but it was just like you know it's
very low key night nothing crazy nothing
no douche bags this time but I still
wanted to give you guys something fun so
I found a fresh bag of stale
marshmallows yeah and please I don't
know how old but it's still it's fine
and Katie and I are going to play the
classic or do the classic challenge
chubby bunny except for we're going to
do a little twist where if you lose you
don't just lose something happens so
what what do you want to do is if I lose
if I lose what do you want if you lose i
canna do your full makeup ok I I could
do that and then if you lose then I have
an idea then you you get to eat hmm a
quarter of the jar of horseradish you
gave ya will you eat the quarter jar if
you lose weight what are we doing
William cute chubby bunny yeah you say
chubby bunny you want every ok every
marshmallow you put in your mouth you
put it in and then you say chubby bunny
but you could you could say anywhere do
you want actually actually chubby
bunnies good say whatever where do you
want and you could try to make me laugh
we'll do it whatever you want I don't
know chubby bunny if you want to but the
point is you got to get this you got to
get me to fail you got to get me to spit
these up to not fit or to choke to death
and then you could take advantage of my
lifeless body let's play so you want to
take 1 i'll take one I think ok don't be
chewing this you just stuff it in your
mouth ok
just saw it in your mouth go for it
don't you I'll see you aren't you
freaking chewing oh good ok so i fraid
chop my bunny chubby bunny we got it ok
let's do another one of these oh these
are kind of like not sweet tasting
anymore are different you already feel
sick this is kind of these aren't very
good anymore do you look like a chipmunk
ok let's we're gonna do even more wait
oh my gosh it work chubby bunny chubby
bunny ok grow another one ready ha this
is good these are still it's really hard
to have it still when you well do good
sir thomaa bugger ok no one hello you
feel sick oh there you go the car goes
Oh this'll do not lose the girl also
gotten do toggle button look hmmmm look
no one taught mom hmm
Oh No hmm hello okay yeah I screwed that
up oh well I guess he'll look at the
fill I guess I'm gonna get my makeup
done and look like a pretty princess
okay wait will you do me know your curl
my eyelashes baby really did I pull them
out right only if I get your skin don't
look don't laugh and shake what you
doing man i got an eyelash right here oh
don't get this good to have your skin
I'm so scared oh well don't shake emesis
did you curl no I'm scared you on trend
yours I don't know stop shaking
oh there are they pretty yeah I don't
know to me a case oh sorry I'm just
doing what I what it largest one cuz im
doing second oh stop doing things I
don't know I'm I used to do it make it
oh that's good oh that looks that is
pretty okay I'm gonna get very ready yes
look up know that
pitching
when I don't hurt me that's fine you
look so good mascara
you have a pretty lashes
because
if you don't believe in size apparel
that blinking I'm sorry I'm also
experienced when you're at road well
maybe my eyebrows are being at all to
Ghana oh wait I'm already fucking
beautiful ok fucking beautiful sexiest
shit naked 2 palette naked to me we've
got to get naked ok was that trailer we
will you do with that okay we're gonna
do a smokey eye look I know what that is
I have sisters I just never done that
myself I didn't know if it's gonna turn
out great though just close your it
so you start with the darkest color in
your work from the outer lid you're not
giving a makeup tutorial you are you are
just doing lime my makeup
you see me that you do
have you seen me that you two that
doesn't look smokey looks like I just
wait what are you doing what still smoke
yet yes the whole thing is gonna be a
smoky eye oh pretty I know that okay I'm
like making faces in the mirror like
look at that sexy face already but you
guys for watching yeah I know okay you
just wiped off my eye boogers with your
finger so far so good in the inner I you
do the lightest color is called bird
back very good super fierce close your
eyes okay I wanna be furious that goes
like by the
they XL oops that's okay
oh wow that was like silver ya know
makes your eyes open up you know what
else makes my eyes up enough this just
just tell you what eyes black no I'm not
done don't look up like that stop oh
look straight fine the fam there you go
I feel ridiculous you look great though
oh thank you you have little bronzer pH
is supposed to match the ph of your skin
simple t make your looks like a good
keep it like that like you kissing
someone there cheese but you're pretty
red hopefully this will even
I have a pretty wet
called red red lick her colors damn it
yeah yeah uh-huh and I record it late
did you put lipstick on under mother
oops of oshkosh come here I'm sorry it's
hard to find someone else k Kuchar looks
like you're in kissimmee couch yeah like
yeah wow I'm really bad
you don't me like pucker up
what you do my hair too much might as
well like your fucking kid I should be
like high fashion get one just this once
yes like like make it not with it no
it's like it look Peck it gets like just
do this is her cell ladies and gentlemen
okay I think we're good I think no but
that tops it off I think I look sexy
yeah my high-fashion now yeah you re
flesh with your cloth look like cloth is
that this hair thing do I like push this
down a little and do like a little like
ball thing how do I do that no you like
it's all up in the front and they push
it like it's a front like wore off I'm I
just coughed yet magic I did Omega like
this I would just come on hey guys
what's up oh my god I know what kind of
comments I'm getting for this well guys
I guess here now i will say thank you
for watching today today this is the end
of today's blog cuz I'm done and I'm
pretty as a mother fucker I'm fucking
beautiful I'm a beautiful mother fucker
and I'm gonna go and i don't know what
i'm doing tomorrow but you guys will
after i film it and that's at that point
i will have already done it because I'm
Marty okay well I'm gonna go so i will
see you guys again tomorrow oh no how do
i suck the camera and i actually you
guys don't know this i literally touch
my lips to the camera when i go and i
don't want to like it but i want to get
lipstick on the camera you know just
like rating the camera right here just
like that and i will go yeah yeah
oh I will see you guys again tomorrow
goodbye pinky winky dipsy laa-laa oh
it's it tells of you damn it oh you're
back
