hey guys i am by myself right now I'm
back in my place well not back in my
place I'm starting here in my place and
I'm about to go over to jake's place and
i think they were going to go out by the
way you don't even notice this right now
but it's it's already night time I kind
of I didn't have much to vlog about
today I know you guys are going to say
we don't care we want to see everything
but really I had a meeting and I
couldn't vlog in the meeting or anything
and yeah so now now the party starts I
don't know if there's a party I don't
know what we're doing but that's where
I'm going so I will see you guys there
cuz you're coming with me well I'm at
jakes and everyone's just lazy cuz they
got this new i'll call it the potato
thing on the floor I've been on all
about last week better than he was
ragged Isle of my god I'll get back the
guy that I want to do something okay so
nobody wanted to go out and I was like
I'm not gonna drink for no reason or
anything that so i'm back at my place
now and i'm not going to end it here i
want to i want to have fun with you guys
so for those of you that do follow me on
twitter i just tweeted out that i'm
gonna be on omegle right now and if you
add the interest Alex Mandel then you
could find me in the chat and we get to
talk if you don't you guys should follow
me on twitter at Alex Mandel because I'm
going to be doing this periodically on
my vlogs where you guys can talk face to
face with me I thought I think it's more
personal and I think it's fun and we can
have a good time together so I'm not
just trying to push the whole Oh follow
me on Twitter but that is my best way I
could talk to you like right then and
there and tell you that you should go on
omegle and add alex munoz and interest
if you're if you are if you like
I my page on Facebook then ate all my
tweets go there as well so either way
you're going to see that and then we get
to have a good time so I'm gonna play
around on omegle that's what I'm doing
right now I found you I found you to
know I found you first I found you
second oh where did my screen girl no no
oh you don't know whether and then
became a rare and then never know with
it oh they're a family came over here I
came over here yes oh I'm back don't
know you're black not white this isn't
your area no doc yeah sacrebleu are you
gonna grow these innervated a like a
redditor I'm not a rendered I mean you
too I'm a youtuber here at YouTube yeah
what is your 10 know my channel is Alex
Mandel what you doing again i vlog on
the vlogger little Bronco no I'm oh do
you say black girl or vlogger hey you
look good oh oh oh oh okay today
tomorrow you've a black girl yes yes I
have black girl nipples hey oh there's a
leg and there's a face oh and next thing
me cuz that's the story of my life with
women they always next me hey oh damn ah
no one wants to talk to me tonight
that's okay whoa is it cold where you
are yes yes you should turn the heater
on what was that you should do you have
a heater yes you should turn the heater
on it is on it is on is it on high
enough oh it's you again hello how are
you I'm good good to see you good ok ok
ok bye hello hello hi oh oh that wasn't
that wasn't nice meanie hey I found you
hi
hi I'm really creepy it's just a little
bit why am i creepy is it the mustache
no I'm not the one sitting alone in the
dark don't judge me is fuckin good
morning where I live hey whoa no need to
get testy I was just saying I'm not the
one in the dark I it's where are you
where are you right now I'm not the one
in the dark anymore you turned on the
light do you watch YouTube yes who's
your favorite youtuber some people oh I
don't really have a favorite you don
favorite do you ever watch Alex Mandel
he's okay nothing nothing special
this is nice talking to you
all right okay bye amen so that's good
is it cozy under that blanket
oh yeah I so really put this your bag oh
sorry well my camera cut out i had my
shirt off for a second I'm sorry okay
I'm putting you back on I'm putting it
back on I'm putting you back on my dream
I have you shut off in the first place
because I want to get some girl action
bro what's up okay yeah it's getting hot
over here too not hot over here oh it's
cold well it's hot over here yo man what
is up dog how are you how are you you're
gay no you're gay no yes you are no you
don't know you're not know yes you're
you know who I am oh okay guy no who are
you oversized teddy tubby yes oh shit
good fuck man yeah fuck this guy come on
pinky winky dipsy laa-laa oh it's it
Teletubby damn it oh you're back all
right fuck this guy here yeah fuck this
cuz is bubble yeah fuck i Scout dragging
off man do us all a favor I'll check it
off I play I'm dying I can't what to
wear I wonder where on I'm piece of shit
dude no it's the same thing you guys are
so weird you're weird no you're weird do
you okay okay up to this point coming
from the guy who in his underwear
standing on a chair yeah I'm not a chair
I'm on the floor here's the chair keep
keep your gym and I think you're gonna
like uh you know what thank you ha
go louder you gotta go louder than me
are you don't squeeze my boobs man stops
wheezy dude stop it stop it stop it no
no bad bad bad bad stop stop that's
nipple break that's nipple ring stop it
oh it's you okay what are you doing
thank you seeing you here oh that was
that was uncomfortable puttin I'm gonna
want a donut many are you dance for me
I'm not dancing for you please please
woman hi no goodbye I'm done with this
whole Megillah thing for tonight yeah
okay guys well that's that's it for
today I just kind of an omegle day no
maegal a lego vlog that was fun I didn't
get to see any of you guys but I think
that's my fault i think i tweeted out
and went on way too fast and didn't wait
for any of you guys to join on the only
one I bumped into was Katie which was
funny cuz Katie's actually here and yeah
so she was like oh I want to try omegle
I was like yeah just go in the other
room you could try it i'm gonna i want
to do this over here and she happened to
find me so that one hundred percent was
not planned at all it was just
ridiculous coincidence but remember you
guys follow me on Twitter so that you
guys know when I'm doing this next I
hope you guys enjoyed that and I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
Oh Oh No
