hey guys so I'm me I am yesterday's vlog
cuz you guys saw was very long but I was
worried but you seem to love that it was
over 27 minutes that's that's crazy but
I guess you guys love the whole mixology
thing but today I am excited to announce
that my friend brandon's here this is a
different this is different Brandon that
you guys know obviously he's he's
working on all the the website stuff and
we're we're trying to get we're trying
to get this site going so you guys could
buy the a team shirts finally and that's
what we're working on he's coding this
whole thing and then hopefully very soon
you'll be able to own your very own a
team shirt my my friend Brandon the one
that's helped me out with the website
we're at a restaurant right now eating
but well about to eat but he's he's
working on this cool app that's going on
is the app out yet it's in beta right
now so it's a version one okay well what
it is is they go to restaurants all over
and bottles water and everything and
what they do is they test the TDS is
that what is that test ideas you have
tes total dissolved solids in your water
so score of 200 is about the average
line things above that or considered bad
considered global that means like
they're filtering their water most
likely and it's it's go drink you're
testing right now we're actually a 198
so they're kind of about the average
line average so it means that I'm gonna
drink this and it'll be fine okay but if
you he was telling me if you have some
that like hit over 500 then it's like
you just don't want to touch that water
and what's funny is they actually found
a bottle of water like Bob of water that
was over 500 that was
you should not drink and I don't know
you got a name or I'm not gonna not get
done call it a deci drinking water
destiny drinking water score 561 561 tds
destiny drinking water so i guess stay
away from that destiny Hawaiians destiny
Hawaiian from Hawaii okay well that's
kind of disgusting but this one this one
is drinkable right now we're in santa
monica all the water here is pretty good
test in tap water if you guys want to
get this app you can get it i'll put all
i'll write it in the description below
in case you want to check it out but
it's called aqua grade like grading the
water aqua grave and they check
restaurants all over they just keep
adding them every every restaurant they
check so he's now gonna add this to the
database too and yeah it's kind of cool
i am excited because well not not
because Brennan's gone but because
brandon has finished the a team shirt
store and you guys can now officially go
buy your 18 shirts so here's the site
just can check it out it's just letting
it's a very simple form i was like i
just want this simple easy there's the
shirt there's the form oh and look guys
there's the price $15 a shirt yep you do
have to pay for there's two different
shipping's i'm using a flat rate
shipping method so it'll be one price
for anywhere in the US and another price
for international shipping anywhere in
the world so that was the best way I
could do it but yet so if if you find me
in person you don't have to you don't
have to pay shipping cuz I'm just gonna
give it to you for 15 right there and
then yeah you guys can go ahead and
order your shirts ah that's exciting
look at this look at these six attend
things oh yeah guess who this part of
the a-team I am guess whose day I am and
guess who else will be wearing these
shirts you guys if you want them and if
you want to go the URL is Alex Mandel
store com it's as easy as that Alex
Mandel store.com but of course i'll put
a link down below in the description so
you guys can see that too again I'm not
trying to force these down your throat
I'm just excited that they're available
and if you guys want to rock them go
ahead if you guys don't then all you
have to do is fill out the form pay the
fifteen dollars and get the shirt and
then tell me I I don't want a shirt but
at least then you'll have one in case
you change your mind right you don't
want to you don't want to ever miss an
opportunity that's just stupid risk I
came here to tell you that this this
this shirt just came out today this is
my following that comes out the 18 my
name is Alex so I don't know I just came
here to let you know you don't have to
buy it you know it's just got matching
mustaches you don't have to do any of
that but all I wanted to do is just come
here let you know and tell you that
you're excited now aren't you right and
I know you're going to watch the vlog
coming up in the morning tomorrow
because you're gonna be on it right yeah
okay ah
well hello there 18 well hello there I
don't know you you okay are you next
thing ya hi hello 18 hi nothing these
shirts just came out I want to tell you
that I came here just I came here just
to tell you that this awkward awkward
I've been looking for awkward ha ha ha
ha i I don't understand oh my god are
you how do you get out of this I don't
know hi my name is Alex I'm jelly
there's this moment hey hang it right I
was doing right hand I was doing right
hand so you could take it yeah oh I can
i watch it yeah I you got this you got
what oh this this is going up on my blog
tomorrow by the way so wait on ice this
is like echoing and craziness I said
this is going up on my blog tomorrow
don't deny it's it's on YouTube but I
have a channel and my viewers I'm going
around to tell people that my new a team
shirt is out now I mean here's you have
not not much I like just under 10,000
subscribers go what the fuck wait wait
did you say I was hot yeah I should your
heart oh don't do that I'm sorry I won't
do that I won't do this I was excited
what the fuck are you all right room oh
my god he has a fucking shirt he did not
on purpose I did that on purpose I do
have a shirt yeah what is that noise
are you a famous my head over here I
don't know what I'm I don't know am I
what fuck you so much Mario what I sound
like Mario you don't sound like Mario
but stop what we're saying in a question
ok thank you very much you're very
welcome how are you I'm good my shirts
just came out today I'm feeling great
how are you I keep the fucking awesome
the girls you have a mustache just like
my grandfather I am like your
grandfather no but you have a mustache
like him oh my proposed a veteran that's
cool you don't look like a veteran I'm
not not something so you have a low
grade just like the moon I have what ok
oh oh yes where are you from I'm from
California where are you from or you're
just up there that's true you're not
around I mean you're not you're not it
up you're not upstairs yeah oh I'm
directly above you yeah I'll i prefer
the bottom you one that's awesome yeah
you I guys know I like lady friends good
lady parts this is the most Awkward fuck
around this is surfing it might be out
of it so what what is the deal with you
what are you doing on you well i am alex
also nice to meet your own some awesome
and I'm just I'm just showing you that I
have my new shirt that's all i wanted to
show you yeah okay guys well that's my
day and I just you know I hope that I
got the message out there on omegle if
you guys ever use it just I guess you
can you can put your interest it asks
you for your interest you can match
other people if you put Alex Mandel I
might just find you if you're interested
I'll tell you what I'm going to do that
though like I specifically want to have
a day where I find like the a-team on
on that site because I could search by
interest that what that's why I'm using
it so I was searching people who like
YouTube stuff and everything but follow
me on Twitter that way I'm gonna I'm
gonna announce on there I'm gonna say
like okay I'm going to be on omegle now
for the next hour you guys go on there
and now feature that in a vlog I'm not
going to do it I'll do that in the
future vlog but if you're following me
you'll get that notification so go ahead
and do that but for right now guess what
good food no shirts are like I already
said a billion billion jillion times to
you today so remember guys this is the
screen that you should be seeing next if
you want one of these only if you want
one remember not forcing you but if you
do get one of these shirts make sure you
take a picture of yourself wearing it
and send it to me because I'm going to
post these pictures I'm going to feature
you we're in the a team shirt and that's
going to be that's going to be like
that's going to be cool I want to
feature all of you guys that get that by
them i'm going to put it in like a like
a slideshow type of thing or whatever
whenever I come up with at the time
that's what's going to happen so guys go
ahead i don't want to keep you from that
good if you want to buy the shirts the
link is down below in the description or
if you want type it in it's just Alex
Mandel store calm and you guys go ahead
and do that but I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye
Cruz is daughter you got it anyway you
take this
