hey guys so I am at my place obviously
cuz now you guys know it and I'm here
with mr. Jake
hello mr. Jake and I'll I've told you
guys in previous vlogs that both of us
are into mixology so we figured today
would be fun to go to the store pick out
some stuff and just make some cool
drinks and show you guys and then at the
same time we get drinks to drink for us
to drink stop staying there should we go
should we go now and get stuff we're
gonna go get ingredients we want to give
you guys original drinks so these won't
be ones that you've heard of these will
be ones that we've just created potatoes
and onions yeah I don't know that well
if you put an onion in vodka can get a
Gibson yeah but we're trying to make
original tricks I'm try
I have dry vermouth yeah not not just a
martini let's make something good
Jake Jake is so embarrassed to shop with
it keeps farting and everyone knows it
everyone knows that Jake what I didn't
know sir farting
we're walking out in the parking lot
this is pretty cool we just found this
car it's the official pace car of the 7
70th Indianapolis 500 in 1986
I am telling you what are you doing
model something you want a medal
something these are this is stuff that
we bought we just wanted to play with
yeah that's cilantro and all this stuff
and some herbs
yeah even some Tomatoes horseradish oh
yeah there's horseradish I got this cool
thing this is cool
you put a strawberry inside there BAM
you could slice the strawberry just to
show you guys I was like no I will not
just to show them I want I was like that
is an awesome way to cut the
strawberries like it's perfect for the
vlog well I said it would be perfect to
show them because okay I have a lot of
like different like I showed you guys
before in here like I have all the
juicer things oranges lemons limes I'll
relate that and my strainers and jiggers
and knives so I wanted to add to that
and I got a strawberry slicer because
I've never seen one of these either I
think that's cool you want to try it
right now yeah I do here put it in that
way that's a big strawberry this is it
happens to be okay well let's see let's
see now here just it's good now
so let's you just like this
push it all the way down oh look at that
I've got something snap it down when you
open it there you go
this is that that's cool there's a
actually really good I'm excited about
that I'm gonna be slicing strawberries
for dates are you looking at yeah this
is when you're walking out that's a lot
of personnel sure yeah that's right when
you will give you in my room you walk in
my closet this first thing you see cuz
I'm the biggest member of the 18 when I
guess what are we gonna really gonna do
I think for Bourbon let's do what for
reserve I'm kind of liking that and then
we should get a vodka vodka I think we
need we take the kettle one I mean
that's always a good choice you really
can't go wrong okay let's do kettle
kettle one's my favorite vodka and I
think it's their favorite yeah let's try
the new gin that's right amethyst was
that what it's called right yep yes
Everest
that's my stone you wanted to hold that
- oh and tequila - Cola yeah yeah yeah
we'll finish off that one I have another
bottle after that so let's take those
yes we get he's about to have it mix our
jet part do it's not really a party it's
just us - hey
yeah hi that's total party it is okay
it's still a party it's if it's not a
party then we're alcoholics if it's a
party then we're just having a good time
wine wine yeah
now you drunk Jake now we're alcohol
alcohol enthusiasts where alcohol
enthusiasts not alcoholics crazy one of
the drinks that were making with the the
one that we're making with the Woodford
Reserve at the Bourbon requires that we
let it sit for at least like 15 minutes
because we're gonna do a quick infusion
with the rosemary so let's get that set
up yeah you want to just will put
because in that cocktail how about an
ounce and a half of the Woodford Reserve
so he's gonna put about an ounce and a
half of that and then we'll just put we
only need a small little like a half
yeah it's fun trying to break this yep
you're floating out to do everything
one-handed yeah especially when you're
blogging so this this we're gonna put
about a half of this we just dropped it
in half so now that will sit and infuse
for about 15 minutes and that's the
rosemary infused bourbon we'll get back
to that one little bit later it makes
the drinks typically I'll use a cheater
tin which is like a smaller shaker with
the full Boston shaker and that's how I
like to mix it but so that you guys
could visually see it I'll be doing all
my muddling and mixing in here that way
you watch everything that's gonna that's
gonna happen okay so we we got a few
ingredients this one will kind of be
just we decided these flavors sounded
good together
so this will be like a vodka base so
we're gonna do an ounce and a half of
kettle one yummy yeah I mean and then
I'm gonna add slices of cucumber I'm
doing like two slices and then I'm gonna
take my strawberry but I got my trusty
my trusty strawberry slicer oh yes
that's just beautiful you take this
strawberry right out of there and I'm
gonna do one full strawberry in here
now before I yeah you know what I could
add everything else I'm gonna add to
sweeten it I don't like to use like
simple syrup err or sugars in it I like
agave cuz it's au natural I'm using the
light that ghave I'm gonna add I'm gonna
have 3/4 of an ounce into here maybe not
the full thing that's just to give it a
little bit more sweetness because it's
that sugar what you realize what I'm
making is kind of a lemonade I'm gonna
add some lemon juice now because I'm
gonna be making a 1/2 ounce
making like a strawberry cucumber
lemonade with mud so it's like a hard
lemonade but this one never made it
before I have to muddle everything
that's in there you see gotta make sure
you little cucumbers strawberries
everything I hope this comes out and I
smell it I'm going to smell that smells
really good
ok once you got everything nice and
muddled you can see everything's kind of
mixed up I'll take some ice
add some ice into there and then it goes
in now you're gonna grab yourself a
strainer and I'm gonna strain this right
over here oh that's a nice color came
out almost pink yeah and then just to
finish it off I'm gonna garnish it with
the cucumber should call it a pink lady
the pink lady's already a drink I think
it is yeah but this one I don't know you
guys name it I want to see in the
comments you know what they should name
the drinks were making whoever names the
drink that we like the name for it'll
just stick and we'll drink it will be a
drink you get you guys have a chance to
name our drinks and we actually do
bartending an event so we may just use
your name on our drink menus but I want
to taste this I've never even made
strawberry cucumber lemonade
yeah Alex you try it first
all you need to you need to give me that
camera
taste that thank you out
that's actually really really good yes I
can't drink it again because now I just
shared it with him but you know what I
can always I could always make another
one and now you've got yourself a
good-looking drink if you if you guys
you guys out there want to impress a
lady this is definitely a drink to
makers it's fruity can't even taste the
alcohol
I'm not saying take advantage of them
I'm saying you can't taste alcohol so
it's like all these girls love this like
those fruity taste good drinks
this one's want to make some drinks are
good to make in like a martini glass and
I just realized out of the glasses that
I'm missing that you guys have seen me
missing in previous vlogs I am missing
my own martini glasses also so I need to
find those in my rocks glasses and the
rest of my other ones
I gotta find them Jake's gonna make a
drink with the amethyst gin now and this
one well what do you what do you get it
put in it
this one has some dill oh yes some
cucumbers again because pier number and
Jenna's amazing just the bomb yeah some
lemon juice are you doing lemon line no
wait
lime juice lime juice
Key Lime some agave I think that's
that's probably it and then Oh TomTom
tonic so it's gonna be your own very
gin and tonic but better cucumber dill
that sounds good already smells good
some amethyst chin
it's actually got a lavender smell to it
kids just gonna just go great I'm just
gonna go great with everything okay so
you adding 3/4 ounce of some lime juice
yeah in this case more specifically key
lime juice Tilo 3/4 ounce of agave
sounds good to me and the cucumbers
muddle that
it looks good
don't forget our tonic
I don't again we'll have a yet if you
come I'm gonna taste this that's a fancy
drink right there I'm gonna taste this
one
oh I like that you definitely taste the
dill and the cucumber that that gin is
really good smells really good that that
Jim is really good but the herbs and
everything gets strong not as sweet as
the last one
but I like it I approve good tastes like
a better gin and tonic well then if it
tastes like a better gin and tonic then
we leave what that's I think that that
uh let me see I think that that bourbon
with rosemary is now correct now ready
to go for our left for our bourbon one
let me just to smell it it smells good
but then again the rosemary is still in
it so we're gonna move on to that drink
I'm gonna be removing that rosemary
sprig and I'm gonna take this ounce and
a half of Woodford Reserve and just
absent class this one's not going to be
shaking this one I'm building so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add that right
yes yeah this one is getting some cream
soda so it's a rosemary infused bourbon
with some cream soda
very simple this one he is he just
prepared home I like that like hand it
leaves of the phone probably garnish it
with the rosemary sprig he put that
right back if how do we how do we do
this how do we garnish for the rosemary
maybe there we go oh that looks that
looks sexy just like that is like
cocktail porn right now so I just moved
out this side
it's like creamy you can still get that
rosemary at it this is this is a good
cocktail this is one I like then you
know what guys
this one is more manly so even if it's
still yeah it's like you've got cream
soda every but it's that bourbon it's
that Woodford Reserve bourbon that that
keeps you keeps you manly and I think
isn't Woodford Reserve the like official
bourbon of the Kentucky Derby I believe
so yeah so that's let's let's drink to
them to the Kentucky Derby I don't know
sorry I'm just I'm enjoying this
cocktail we're gonna go on to another
one just taste that shit
and you can't go wrong and scream so
that Wofford and my cousin brothers
ready all right that was really easy to
make
yeah it was simple all you have to do is
have a little bit a tiny bit of
preparation time to let the rosemary
infuse in the in the Bourbon but well
than that it's it's easy ready to go
we're gonna be making a drink with the
tequila and this one's a little bit
spicier so we're gonna we're cutting
some fresh jalapeno I think I got a lot
I didn't garnish yeah well here maybe
I'll just take this one right here I
love fresh jalapeno that's in a half of
your doing ounce and a half of Don Julio
Blanco you know
bounce at half of that Quattro's like
like a better yeah like a premium triple
sec which is i got kind of an orange
peel the core so half ounce of that but
he's adding three quarters of an ounce
of agave to sweeten that we're pretty
much making like a spicy our version of
a spicy margarita but with fresh
jalapeno and fresh cilantro and it's
only sweetened with agave and using the
key the key lime juice again so
I guess that happens okay that's fine so
it just it's now be three-quarters of an
ounce of the lime juice will do like a
branch off that it should be good yep
and then he's got to make sure to muddle
in those jalapeno and cilantro flavors
cuz that's that's gonna give it that
spicy kick that off you guys love it's
gonna make you feel bad it's gonna make
you feel real nice and then we gonna
shake that shit Oh shakin is the best
part of making my drink I'm just kidding
drinking it is let's strain into this
bad boy and see we got oh man I can
smell it oh it looks good perfect pour
sweetie do we have an extra jalapeno
throw on top cut off a little slice of
that
whoo there's a pretty drink right now
so let's try this this is like a spicy
cilantro a jalapeno margarita pretty
much our version oh well it's spicy but
it's it's good that is and it's good I
recommend that make make one of these
mmm hold on Jake I'm gonna drink a
little bit more of this and then you can
go out you guys can go ahead and look up
online how to like make a simple
margarita and everything at that but if
you add those little twists all of a
sudden people are your guests will be
more impressed you just it's like they
go it's a margarita
oh no this is a margarita also uh I put
some fresh jalapeno in it and some fresh
cilantro and now we got ourselves a
fucking drink and masterpiece and we are
and then after we drink it will be a
drunken masterpiece I think I think we
only have one more drink to make see ya
let's I'm gonna make I wanted to try to
figure out a different version a
different version on a Bloody Mary they
got these heirloom tomatoes and I'm
gonna muddle those up and that's what
all these weird ingredients are for so
let's let's see how this goes I have all
different kinds your loom Tomatoes all
different colors and everything so let's
go there pretty much throw in different
colors in I like I like the dark cop
this doesn't make this let's make this
dark yellow
I'm gonna muddle it's it's okay you
don't ever want to do a dry metal always
make sure you have some sort of liquid
ingredient if you're gonna muddle I'm
gonna add just an ounce and a half
Ketel One and then let's see how much we
get here yeah these are juicy
I actually I should have bought it may
have been cool to add like basil make
like it tomato basil type of thing but I
mean since we have cilantro maybe I'll
just add the cilantro right yes let's
add some that's some cilantro here why
not
it's like we're making myself pasta so
I'm just gonna take this and I'm
actually just going to strain it back
into here so now that we have this I'm
gonna add some Worcester sauce works
just watch this turn north to
part-to-part I'm gonna add this I'm
gonna add good about
that's a little more I'm gonna have mmm
where's limiters let's add about only a
half ounce lemon juice and this is where
it gets weird I'm gonna add some
horseradish
I like horseradish and My Bloody Mary
slits take some of this that and then
weird my pepper go here we go now we're
going to add some pepper it's a fresh
cracked pepper so let's just mix this up
and the famous Tabasco sauce to this I
like it kind of spicy so what's that get
them out looks good
give that another
we go cut itself my Persian Bloody Mary
I'm gonna taste this oh yeah
I love Bloody Marys and this oh this is
good it's pretty good spicy it is spicy
it kind of tastes almost like a this is
gonna sound weird but almost like a
gazpacho
it kind of tastes exactly like that but
like a spicy gazpacho yeah Ketel One
with kettle one no it's good I like it
that was just like I said guys we're
just trying stuff out we do this all the
time sometimes we have fails
other times we have great successes
there was nothing really that failed
tonight I think this was this was good
yeah this is definitely a success I
think the the top two drinks if I had to
recommend for you guys to make out of
these four that we tried they're all
really good and if you love Bloody
Mary's this one's great I actually I
love that I would make it again the top
two I would recommend was that first one
with the strawberry cucumber like
lemonade mixed with vodka that was great
and also the the rosemary infused
bourbon with cream soda that was that
was good the other ones are great too
but if I had to pick my top two favorite
those are my top two I don't know would
you agree or yeah one for the ladies
room for the guys yeah that's that was
my choice
Jake's leaving us he's good goodbye Jake
call me tomorrow
you like Pegasus Pegasus that's he named
his bike Pegasus
because he's white yeah a white stallion
any flies with you yeah
I'll see you okay guys well that's that
was my day I didn't like you know go out
and do much but I gave you guys I think
a pretty decent vlog you got to saw you
had to saw when Who am I right now I
can't even speak English you guys got to
see what you know Jake and I do so every
so often we get together we make these
drinks and some of them if they're great
will make it onto our menus that we may
take out if we go bartending and stuff
like that other ones you know it's a
tried and forgotten so I think though we
had a pretty successful day I hope that
you guys enjoyed seeing that and I want
you guys if you make any of those drinks
I want you to make sure you post them on
Instagram or Twitter and always tag me
so that I get to see and then you know
maybe I will feature them in a vlog
saying oh look so-and-so made my drink
so you guys if you want to you know I'm
not gonna now 400 you go out and make
the drink I can't be trial 400 so don't
take my word for it I'm just saying it'd
be cool if you guys made it you liked it
picked your favorite one and tried it
and let me know what you think at least
let me know what you think that'd be
great
but yeah I will actually tomorrow my
friend should be coming over to start
setting up the store online so you guys
can buy the 18 shirts so that's exciting
he's gonna give me a call tomorrow and
see if we can figure that out
so hopefully that works out but I will
see you guys again tomorrow good bye
smoking some hookah at a hookah bar with
some friends
got a hoot
