hey guys so I am at the CHP office at
the California Highway Patrol because I
need to get this my tint take my tint
checked out before I can go to the
courthouse to clear it so I'm at
California Highway Patrol most fun place
in the world ya know my car's right
there yeah the front windows that took
off
good to go okay keep it off nice yep
violation corrected they signed off now
it's time for me to go to court uh
pulling up to the courthouse I don't
want to go I just got turned around
because you have to pay five dollars and
I have no cash on me and and I need to
find an ATM uh of course it's not gonna
be easy it's never easy
I got my money and now i'm back at the
courthouse oh this is exciting we get to
go to court yay
I
fuck me this line is so long oh my god i
am done that ticket is gone and that
line that i had to wait in to pay it off
was almost exactly two hours long
waiting two hours and there's not even a
roller coaster at the end of the line I
just wait two hours to pay 25 bucks and
I'm out best best court experience ever
uh if you get a ticket like a fix it
ticket and you have the chance to mail
them do that don't do what I just did
and my ticket was due today so I could
melon and I had to go in so you guys
should all be more responsible than I am
that would be that's my advice to you
after all that after the court and
everything which I hated it's always
nice to go at the end of the day and
smoke some hookah at a hookah bar with
some friends
got a hooka
Oh
okay guys well that that was my oh my
super exciting day California Highway
Patrol courthouse have some hookah you
guys didn't see I also went to the bank
and took care of some stuff I I it's
actually kind of cool i opened up a
business account today so that i could
get everything set up payment wise and
everything for the shirts and i'm gonna
i'm gonna have my friend come within the
next couple days he'll be here within a
couple days i don't know when maybe
tomorrow or the next day and we will put
together the site so you guys could buy
the eight-team shirts because i know i'm
getting a lot of requests and even
emails from some of you guys saying that
you want up so I've got to get them out
to you and and make them available and i
will do that but for now i am going to
edit this i'm gonna go to sleep and then
i'm gonna wake up and vlog some more
tomorrow so i will see you guys tomorrow
goodbye what do you guys think of this
will be honest because it isn't a mirror
well just because it keeps me warm and
win it keeps you warm in the winter I
really keeps you warm be honest that
should do you guys like that do you
think he should get it
