hey guys about to go meet up with my
parents my parents are here in Santa
Monica so I think I'm gonna go walk
around with them maybe go to 3rd Street
or something I don't know but either way
you guys are coming with me
look I mean I'm in Kitson right now I
want to show you what they sell look
come here are you seeing this
this calendar which guy well look at
look at this at the month of February
all my nation but I have to don't really
have a sequence I you know what I know
we have we have a bunch of these at home
so I'll give you one oh please that's
yes great picture secreta does your
mother oh yeah
yeah she seen it yeah she has she my mom
bought all of them when they first got
him yeah
well who's your favorite one hi dono are
you on here I might be that one nobody
oh that one's my favorite oh the bishop
thank you of course my dad found a new
way to hold his phone dad are you buying
your case I'm thinking of getting a new
phone case I like I don't want
additional phone cam tickets
that looks nice don't be on what this
would be good phone case right I think
so do you guys think that would be a
great phone case one of my money in
there I put well you can take it out
there I'm thinking this is a hope
I can I can fuck me
I think it's so funny when like people
randomly catch him here and they're like
filming him from outside and he's doing
something weird he's like ah I just got
caught by some random doing weird things
do you think it's a good film kay what
do you guys think of this
let's be honest because it isn't a
mirror well is this does it keep me warm
that way it keeps you warm in the winter
really keeps you warm be honest
do you guys like that do you think you
should get it
Brendan aggregor here and where's
where's she where'd you go where'd you
get off hitting me in the head
Nikita oh trying to bite my camera got a
lot of room to run around here Nikki huh
Brenda would you good yes you seem
second
no-no-no it says right here lucky or
life you didn't win
lucky for life in California
winter my keep this one if you are a
lucky man
we're about to watch a movie because I I
got us another screener in so we're
gonna watch a known survivor yeah and I
I wish I could show you guys lone
survivor but that would be copyright
infringement and I would have to pay a
hefty fine so I'm just going to tell you
how how it was after I watch it yeah
oh we're gonna sell these copies cop
make copies this and sell it oh maybe
we'll just do like giveaways we'll just
burn a ton of these DVDs and then we'll
just give them to all the whole a-team
yeah I'm wanting to say we can't give ya
know the a-teams allowed they're loud
we're just gonna give all them to you
guys so holy hell you guys that movie
you you just need to watch it that was
such a crazy movie so good and Wow that
that was a movie you enjoy it
it goes down in the books well the best
movies I ever seen that's one movie I've
ever seen that's war movie ever several
meters it that was go watch it just go
watch it
goodbye the kid you bad was it
am i shaking but the next buh-bye 18 oh
I don't know does it oh yeah I'll see
you
Terry goons okay guys well that's that's
my day so I am going to edit now and I'm
happy because it's only 12:20 weather
than 2:45 in the morning so I actually
may might I might get to sleep at a
decent hour tonight so I'm excited
because I got to go to court tomorrow to
pay off my art to to get my ticket
cleared but you guys will see that but I
wanted to tell you guys something funny
to not to not to draw this out too long
but my friend Greg who was over also he
was over earlier he was he was telling
me that he was at his house with one of
his friends a female friend and he was
showing her my vlogs and she was
watching yesterday's vlog which is
confronted by a douchebag that's that's
yesterday's and while they're watching
it
douchebag comes up on the screen and she
goes oh I know him and I'm and so he
tells me that apparently his friend
knows him is a small world so I was like
oh well don't show him my vlog or you
know what show him my vlog let let him
read the comments I don't know we'll see
that it he may find it he may not but
it's it's funny knowing that so I will
but that's that's that was my story I
wanted to tell you and I thought it was
funny anyway I will see you guys
tomorrow so goodbye
oh really Wow
