hey I was going on ah today's a new day
and my sister's on her way over she does
her weekly livestream today she's doing
it from here so we get to join her today
we're just gonna hop in yes she has
special guests that I have never met
before so we'll see what he's doing
maybe he'll show some cool stuff you
guys will see we're talking about it a
little bit yeah but check out my fifty
t-shirt this is one of Jackie's shirt
for this one free coupon yeah
wha-wha-wha we're a team and Jackie
follows my sisters are sprinkle cloth so
she gave me this shirt and it's fitting
because it's still a black shirt Chris
Rock this and stay true to my Alex form
don't like that stance to your stance
and my little like package this is
packed by the way is because I used to
keep that camera in just in my pocket
and we've broken so many cameras that
way so now this has a little padded
thing inside we keep it so when you see
this little flutter thing happen it all
around just because I'm cool like that
you look so frickin sick do that yeah
especially like that boom there we go
they're like super super green maybe I
could film through it maybe yeah show
them I will
oh my god there we go green whoa well
someone's here hello super green yeah I
did Harvey's Harvey's trying to get
something so excited
Harvey is jealous that Charlie's on the
couch also Charlie's teasing him
look at your little haircut you little
fuzzball look at your haircut hahahaha
they only complete how did you realize
you're not the same size no he doesn't
he'll a all you want to play we're
currently live right now her guest today
is mr. Daniel Fernando's horse up I said
that right
yeah that's a crazy magic on YouTube
never check him out but we are do it she
normally does food and this member to
shrink e dank check it ding yeah because
it's magic it draw like a big piece of
paper I can show that you draw like this
big piece of paper you put it in the
oven and they become like look at this
like really hard things there's first
nickel squanders really really really
hard thing Alex and I am decided to go a
different route yeah mine is currently
in the oven right now and I'll show you
guys on me where's yours I know these
are the ones that we made there it's not
like tapping on a sizer
it is solid okay yeah he's my favorite
you can decide for yourself what you
think you mine are now complete I took
mine out here are my two that I created
more than them is the tango which is
very fitting out it's really hot on his
pant and the other one is just a
harmless you know what this was was I
drew a guy checking for diseases stuff
that's what it said online when I found
that picture
it's nothing inappropriate it's just
like medical like a medical pension yeah
it's it it said what was it treatment
it's something else disease control or
if you control a treatment yeah and this
is where we say goodbye just to this one
Tiffany just for today because I'm going
to go with my sister back to where my
parents are and I'm going to spend the
rest of the day with them and go do with
them so I'm sorry and they don't like me
nope whoa whoa they rebase they really
like her okay I'm just gonna go spend
time and have dinner my family so he
says I'm sorry Yeah right Jackie don't
you love me yeah anyway so I do I'm at
what I know it's a Charlie I was just
with Charlie and then Gary Lola I'm not
so scary
hi all the dogs so I brought the helmets
because my dad has been dying to ride
those trail bikes and they stay here
then let's dance a lot because I can't
drive it there because you want to might
be tight what that might be tight is not
your size like I know it is I just have
a small head it looks big on here ah no
there there no why what you can't hear
with this are they gonna happen I'm
actually hooking on a GoPro so you guys
could see it it's on my chest backwards
see so when I turn like this you can see
it's not focusing but you'll be able to
see I'm gonna film him cuz he's going to
follow me on the bike they go let it
warm up a little no we'll turn the choke
off
down here so it might actually be okay
with David
yep
whoa
we just finished riding what'd you think
it was the best man I
there's no I've always wanted my own
dirt bike but didn't you have one like
that when you were younger I was a
little kid I had it what great
that's so great when your son could take
your father for a ride I really had a
good time son I will thank you thanks
Rick No thank you we had a lot of fun he
said he could do that for hours I would
love to do that for hours that was so
much fun I would I would like to go on
more like steep hills and bumps and yeah
we didn't did too many steep hills it
was his first times I just took like an
easy run that we usually do that's a lot
of fun I still it's still like doesn't
have a dimension what I know but all you
do is you get off the seat so you hold
on with your hands and yet use your feet
in your legs
renji that's true because but now we're
heading to meet the rest of the family
for dinner this car has suspension you
didn't put on your seat hike that's why
I'm trying to end this place'll ability
belt
Abbi you know what you are what are you
oh don't do that
are you a city slicker what is that
don't get me spit no no no buggies
there's no cookies Hill no no cookies a
cloud doesn't like boogies
no no you put boogies away like shell we
just got back and someone is waiting
who's waiting hi Charlie I leave so much
of my stuff everywhere I'm in the garage
my parents house and I just have like I
mean just so many okay I have like old
airsoft guns this one is actually
bolt-action this was cool this old
helmet yeah that was from when I used to
race BMX yes I raced BMX bikes surprise
also when I lived in Malibu I love to
surf a lot that was my short board and
my longboard
I actually feel bad that these are here
because I still live by the beach but I
just don't surf anymore would you guys
have any interest let me know in the
comments if you want to see maybe a
surfing vlog Mabel toad you take these
back on I told Andrew have a teacher
editor just hook a GoPro on one of those
take it out I feel like I just been
wanted to go surfing like I kind of put
all of this fun stuff away when I was
like let's do like just business stuff
but I should bring those back to Santa
Monica so we can go surfing and I just
found this thing I don't know if you
guys have ever seen one but it's called
a mountain board you actually link your
feet into here and this has it has
spring suspension I don't know if you
can see you there
air-filled tires this is like an
off-road skateboard I used to ride that
in the trails around here got a
concussion end up in the hospital one
time from that it's just it's just fun
times I had a lot of accidents I had
bike accidents from racing around and
then I had just acting at one point I
was in the hospital like a couple of
times a month for accidents and then
what happened then I got boring I'm
finding so many weird things I open this
these
are my old pegs for my BMX bike these
are some old trucks and wheels for my
skateboard I used to actually have a
four foot tall by 8 foot wide half pipe
in here that took over that whole middle
garage and so I would skate there that
was fun I miss that I don't know where
along the way I decided hey let's grow
up that's not skateboard let's not do
things that can hurt us but maybe maybe
for the vlog maybe that's where we bring
all the stuff back
where are my skateboards I feel like
this they're here somewhere here's one
quail to flip deck this thing is old
just wrecked but I'm sure it still rides
okay yeah that can use a little work all
you have to come here and grab a bunch
of stuff and slowly take it back to my
place and there's a real Emmitt
I think that would be fun to do but now
it's time for me to head back to Santa
Monica I don't know if you guys remember
this toy that we just bought our first
birthday but when I say it's time for
bed he makes sure that he gets it where
you gonna take that dude
I know where he'll take that directly
into your bed is that your favorite toy
right now he goes nuts with that thing I
was like time for bed he ran he grabbed
it he's like this when I'm going to bed
with tonight
I'm already editing the vlog as I'm
closing this out just to get a head
start out but I think I'm just going to
finish this up get to bed starting today
tomorrow and that'll just be that so
hope you guys enjoyed watching today and
on that note I will see you guys again
soon goodbye
I bet the water feels so good why would
you get you're gonna feel it
