hey guys so I am um ha in in my place
I'm in that little like hidden kitchen
room that you guys have seen in previous
vlogs the one that you also saw a
bromance vlogs well Roman stays in here
and I found this
he left his hairspray but the thing is I
need hairspray I wanted it so Roman I'm
stealing your hairspray look it is me
this little spray over here have a
little bit oh yeah I'm Roman izing
myself
Roman Roman approved I think right that
I mean this is this is yours so I'm
taking it and now my hair is oh now I
got not yet sexy Roman Roman hair yeah
sometimes brother well here's the Roman
actually laughs at me because sometimes
when I film clips like for my blog I I
review that right after I'm like what
did that one look like
I never delete them because it's real
but I just I like to look and I just
noticed that I was so pink in that last
little clip intro thing but I don't know
if I don't paint cry now I'm not I
promise
anyone Oh Raj is like bunch of people
parked over there who's like anyway but
yeah I looked mighty red it could it
could also be because I just got out of
the shower and I took a hot shower I'm
making excuses of why I look like a
lobster but that's okay because lobsters
have fun too so Jake is at work right
now he's he is not here I'm at his house
but that's just because his girlfriend
Angela is here and so I just I just came
over here because I want her to make me
dinner
I'm serious so you should feel feel your
kids I'm really waxy oh is oh my god see
i don't shy wash it with so i don't know
but it but it's like that's really like
really waxy I'm gonna I heard cucumbers
waxy no I just came over here for dinner
Jake's not even here but that's what our
girlfriends for not my girlfriend
but girlfriends in general they're good
for making you dinner when you're hungry
and I get my food Thank You Angela
what she made me these are these are so
good noodles
time to eat I'm back at my place right
now and I came here because I wanted to
drop off my car okay I only live like I
live like less than two miles away from
Jake's place so I wanted if I do want to
drink tonight I don't want to have my
car or anything like that just so you
guys know because you guys have seen me
drink and everything in my vlogs I am a
very strong like very strongly against
drinking and driving I don't care if you
have a few drinks or you feel totally
fine it's never worth it to drink and
drive ever
so I usually like even at Jake's house
I'm like oh we're gonna drink like oh
yeah I'm just going to take my car back
to my place and I'll Buber back to yours
so that I can take an uber home and uber
for those you don't know it's like a car
service that um you can order to
whatever location you're at it's cheaper
than a cab they like um in a regular car
pick you up and take you ever and from
his place to here it's like five bucks
that's that's definitely worth it and it
makes it so I don't have to drink and
drive and keeps me I you know if you are
going to drink totally fine if you're 21
and over just do it responsibly that's
that's the that's key that's what is
important starting off tonight with some
with tequila Tukwila toquilla little red
get the shot glasses
ha um - uh dose Hey
luminol goes whoa you drop the
contribute after a long night Oh Oh
Trevor
after a long night of hard work I think
we deserve some - kitchens yeah after a
long night of Jake working we deserve to
get shot he just came from a bartending
event so it's just alcohol one alcohol
so more mixology - yeah buddy
we're at a place called the Victorian
right now in the main street so it's a
lot of people super nice we're here
we're here to drink and have a good time
it is pretty cool I like it you can go
like inside or you could actually go
downstairs into the basement tavern name
like live band stuff it's so much fun
there's a lot of white people
it's okay we're white people JKR where
are my people
I think
now
I think we should do another shot we
have no time
we do we're about to do another show
they turn the lights on the party's over
what it's just it's just a mess no
everyone's trying to leave you're gonna
take selfies at least do it with your
phone
no it's not a selfie like I just don't
mess watch my vlog for YouTube you want
to say can you look at his mustache I
don't know this guy how much time did
you spend on your moustache I spend like
I've got it down to like four minutes
three or four minutes
it's decent right about the cumulative
training time that's her and the side
part group it'll win group it all in
like 10 15 minutes
you know what okay Wow
freakin hater invested talking ever seen
that guy was a douche bag the one that
suck by the way his facial hair was
really stupid stupid douche bag we're
gonna we're gonna continue on because
that bars closed we're gonna go see if
our friends working in a bar down the
street
so at this like a Korean few Korean
Mexican fusion right that was his
grandma and because Jake's girlfriend's
Korean he goes up to say thank you and
says come sabi done the guy's like wow
like so shocked he was pretty stuck that
I knew Korean and he hooked us up with
some da occupies chocolate pies we had
the Mexican Coke and stuff chocolate
pies on the in a package yeah Thank You
Jake for having a Korean girlfriend hey
man what can I say I'm excited for the
spicy pork burrito you could actually
think Angela first yeah me I was like
that Thank You Angela this is the spicy
pork burrito from a Korean truck
Oh My gods
told them it was delicious in Korea how
amazing is that actually that's actually
incredible stop filming nice I can chow
yeah I want to chow down on this
we're gonna we're gonna feast J we're
back at Jakes and I'm gonna go home and
when taking uber I could see where
there's his car you could see like when
they're coming and that's where he has
to go so it says five minutes and
Michael's picking me up so now we got
the shut up douche bag I got those at
the Victorian what would you do to him
I should have uppercut him in the jaw
but I don't I didn't want to get kicked
out it was well the bar was already
closing they were closing in the lights
Ron it's not like you could have just
Gullu and then walked away I want to
hear if you guys run into a douche bag
what would you do to the douche bags
would you just tell him you're not very
nice or would you throw him an uppercut
I want to write in the comments here's
the situation the guy just shows up out
of nowhere and started dissing you for
no reason
yeah what would you do yeah Jake goes
he's chasing yeah I got a new like hot
shave today blah blah the guy was like
well it looks like shit looks like what
I was taken aback by how disrespectful
he was and the lights were on yeah not a
good time no but I'm just I'm waiting on
my ride right now and then I'm going
back home to end night because it is 256
a.m. and I still gotta edit this so yeah
Alex
I am gonna go edit be the master of your
a-team be the master of it go 80 whoa
I'll see you man but oh here comes my
uber later time to go home CJ
and now I'm back like in front of my
building you just got dropped off so see
this is what comes up it's only for a t1
ride then you get to rate him so five
star rating limit and that's that's how
you use uber and be responsible drinker
so you shouldn't drive and it's not it's
not expensive it's like if I took a cab
it would have been like anywhere from
eight to ten dollars if I found a cab in
the area that you just request on your
phone it comes in I'm not promoting I'm
not this is not a paid promotion for
uber I'm just I just love it because
it's so much more convenient than
anything else I've ever used so that's
I'm excited about it okay guys well that
was my day and I hope you guys enjoyed
this this vlog I'm a little bit drunk
not going to lie and it's 3:15 in the
morning so I gotta edit this and I'm
tired and I want to go to sleep right
now
and I that's pretty much it that's all
so I'm just going to say I will I will
see you guys tomorrow so go a team and
good bye
she was doing oh wow you know and that
happened to us I definitely have another
butt
