hey guys so I'm i am on my way right now
to tint masters which is tinting for
cars and i don't know if you guys have
seen my car in previous vlogs but it is
it is tinted pretty dark and that
results in one of these so i got myself
a ticket and yeah it's just a fix it
ticket so i got to take off the front
two windows tint that's what's illegal
and then i can then I gotta go into
court and just have them check it off
and then it's done so it's just a pain I
don't want to go get my tint off and
then have to go into I I won't make it
to court today I'm gonna have to go
monday but i don't want to do this I
just got the tint off my car and
definitely don't have time to go to the
court today so I'm gonna have to do that
monday here you guys can see here's the
difference the front window they just
took off so you can see the difference
you couldn't really see it before so
it's kind of a big difference you can
see the two windows but um yeah kind of
shitty but I you get a ticket that's
what you got to do it is against a lot
of have the two front windows tinted so
that sucks I grab more boxes before
coming here to my place so hopefully now
I have all my bar glasses and then some
other stuff I also oh I gotta take them
you got to take the boxes out but I did
bring my I had a xbox and ps3 there so I
brought them both here so now I have
that for whenever time yeah I gotta I
gotta unpack all this stuff god I'm so
mad I thought for sure after all these
boxes I would have everything look at
this is like all across the whole thing
don't worry about these glasses these
are just regular drinking glasses
but my bar glasses so I only had these
three lasso so at least I have these
ones i have my beer pilsners and some of
the shot glasses and then these like
specialty glasses but I don't have all
of these yet and my most important i
love to make drinks in my rocks glass
and I don't have any of my rocks glasses
in here so I need to go back to look for
that that damn it but but also rat back
to see Brandon life was just uh we're
just hanging out and all of a sudden all
these cops show up there's like three or
four cops or something like cop cars but
the bunch of cops and they ask us you
guys come over here what do we do they
they said we walked out on our cab fare
we said well officer Brandon goes that's
my truck right there and thus cab
drivers grocery realizes it we had
nothing to do with it and there's this
other guy just like sitting there and
yeah but don't worry cuz we have our
police dog here can our k9 unit so you
know they were scared scared of our k9
unit but um you know we're just I could
see why they thought it was us cuz bread
and I were freaking gangsters yo I like
doing hoodrat stuff as my friends our
music tells it all what our music tells
it all are you listening at Sinatra the
lady is the train the lady
to wait for dinner at eight oh yeah he
loves the theater well guys um that was
a pretty uneventful day I I apologize
for that but not not every day could be
interesting and not about to try to fake
it make it interesting just so that you
guys like me more but we can all pretend
that that was such an such a fun day
filled with them with the most exciting
activities ever but yeah you know in
everyday life not every day is
interesting and when you get daily vlogs
and you're shooting them every day
sometimes you know what I'm talking down
about my vlog maybe you guys maybe this
is your favorite one maybe you guys are
like wow screw all interesting stuff i
like i like it when it's when you're
just not doing much like today but
anyway i also saw i did i did spend a
lot of my day reading your comments on
yesterday's vlog when you guys when i
when i showed you guys the new a team
shirt I wanted to tell you that I did
talk to one of my friends is a web
designer who's going to come over next
week and we're gonna we're gonna put
that together so that you guys are able
to get that and had a cup people say why
didn't why didn't you put your name on
her anything i'm not trying to to spit
Alex Mandel down your throat I'm not
trying to do that maybe you just like
the shirt maybe the whole mustache thing
is just your fancy and you're like I
just like the shirt I'm gonna buy the
shirt see I want to wear the shirt where
I could wear it people are like oh
that's cool shirt oh that's funny that's
funny there's a mustache you know and
then it's up to you guys if you want to
tell them what the a team is and
everything you are free to do so but if
you want to buy that shirt just cuz you
like it you're free to do that as well
so this is this is kind of like it all
around I would wear the shirt
I hope that you guys would and I see
that a lot of you are interested so I'm
excited for that I'm excited to get this
this store but I was I was scared to
show you guys sure I'm like wow this is
pretty early to have you know shirts and
stuff I was like you guys are asking I'm
gonna give you what you guys are asking
and hey I like the shirt anyway so if
anything I get a cool shirt out of it so
I hope that you guys feel the same way
and I hope that I could give you
something interesting my blogs tomorrow
and and so forth but but for now this is
it I mean it's already just about to be
three in the morning I need to find a
day where I start like I do something so
exciting throughout the day that I can
kind of finish earlier and go to sleep
early or not start editing it like two
or three in the morning but for now this
is what I gotta do so I will see you
guys again tomorrow goodbye I found the
perfect model to show you what i made
for you so that this is what the these
are the t-shirts those those are the
t-shirts and my modeling your modeling
right now sorry perfect
