hey guys um hey guys thought I'd try
that again with a clear voice um yeah so
I as you notice i didn't do my moustache
today or my hair so what is what does
that mean you guys should know from
previous vlog if you watch that means
I'm gonna go get another haircut
I'm on my way to get another spiffy
haircut right now because it's starting
to grow in and and I'm and I want to
look I want to look sexy again I want to
look I want look freakin sexy yeah and
another spiffy haircut for me all done
I'm loving it again I think I think it
looks good too so thank you to executive
cut and shave in Canoga Park as well as
my amazing barber cherish love so thank
you so I made something for you guys cuz
I saw you guys have been commenting and
asking and I thought this was this was
perfect for you guys and I thought you
would enjoy but I found I found the
perfect model to show you what I made
for you so that this is what the these
are the t-shirts those those are the
t-shirts am i modeling your modeling
right now sorry
perfect and how do they how how do they
get these Alex I I don't know yet um the
thing is you gotta have a plan
I gotta yeah I mean you made up the
shirts and I saw that my garage I can't
get the car in because there's over
10,000 shirts that got delivered today
oh and now you're going to sell them how
yes how do people how do the people that
watch you and want these shirts get them
um I haven't I haven't set up a store
yet but I'm going to but the garage is
filled with boxes of shirts no it's uh
you know what you guys if you want a
shirt if you're interested in buying a
shirt I'm gonna do giveaways too as well
but you know for contests and stuff but
if you guys are interested in buying a
shirt comment below or if you're
interested in owning one way to comment
below and let me know what women you
didn't have a plan I want to be big
heart now if I Landers didn't putting my
car in the garage what if I'm interested
in putting my car in the garage then you
better hope that they want a lot of
shirts it's not I'm being serious it's
no way that I thought that you would
have this setup and that you would have
a like a website or something where they
go to you don't have that I just took a
plunge and now I'm hoping that you guys
help my dad park his car in the garage
wait how come your plunge filled up my
garage
you took a plunge I didn't have enough
space cuz they in my place how much is
this
how much is it you didn't come up with a
price yet either I haven't come up with
a price yet no I'm gonna no I have no
plan so I have let's just say okay based
on on Roman Atwood shirts that's what
I'm gonna base mine off of so this is
your mustache okay yeah that is my that
is yep that's my mustache right now
there's my mustache see it's not here
today cuz I got my haircut I'm gonna put
it I'm gonna do it he's getting a lot of
time designing the shirt gathered a team
and then you you ordered the shirt yeah
and then what I did you give my address
is the place to deliver them cuz I
didn't know if they would deliver to my
place I know you're vlogging but I'm
gonna be totally honest with you I'm not
thrilled oh I I swear to you my car I
can't get my car in the garage because
he's got ten thousand t-shirts he's got
ten thousand t-shirts and no plan on how
he's offering you shirts but he you
don't even you're not telling them you
could turn that off if you want it yeah
you're not telling them how to how to
get that you can't tell them you can't
just order shirts guys buy shirts so
that my dad's happy they wanna buy
shirts if they look but they don't know
how well call it below and I will figure
out a way to get you your shirt if you
want to share it I'm serious yes are you
gonna go where you good - are you taking
my shirts sure dad guys I'm a freaking
badass right now rockin it freakin red
best way to hang out at any place that
there's girls guys on this side girls on
this side and look she's coming her up
no action going in there right no school
dance all over again
yeah middle school - I didn't get any no
one asked me to go to the middle school
dance
boys the Left girls to the right yeah
yeah everyone's like so I'm at the
hospital
my grandpa wait let me feel
there's still there's still mistletoe
here on January 10 oh wait what why are
you standing under this with me is this
weird this is getting really weird is
this we're gonna have to do that I don't
want to touch it to you right don't kiss
my camera
you guys saw Brandon's dog Nikita when
he just got her but look he's been he's
been working hard training her here show
well show them what when the keto you
learned well Hannah Hannah Carter
Oh Hannah tardes yeah hey Rick sit shake
good shake down good girl
pretty impressive for still a little
puppy okay guys well I'm back at home
now and I gotta edit this it's like 2:45
in the morning so it's it's getting late
and I don't want to uh I I want to be
able to sleep tonight so I'm gonna edit
this and go to bed but as you guys saw
there is new shirts
a team shirts I hope you guys like them
I think they are awesome
and something I would definitely wear so
that's I kind of I made that obviously
they're black shirts because that's what
I work but maybe there will be more
colors ago I don't know but for now
that's what you get so as you know I'm
going to start doing giveaways probably
as soon as I hit 10,000 subscribers so
I'm getting close less than a thousand
away and then I'll start giving some way
but I also just just a few of them the
rest I'm going to be selling and trying
to you know get you guys wearing wearing
this because you guys were asking this
is for you you I saw in the comments I
was like you should make sure it's why
are there a team shirts go and
everything and I'm doing this for you
guys so I was like okay if that's what
they want I'm gonna give them a team
shirt so the store is not up yet but if
you would like you can if you would if
you're interested in one just let me
know in the comments I see kind of a
general number of how many people would
even want one of these and then I'll get
that set up and as soon as that set up
I'll try to give a set as soon as as
soon as possible
as soon as it's set up I will let you
know in another vlog soon to come and
then I will send them out to you right
away so for now I hope that you are I'm
excited about these so I hope that you
guys are and I will see you guys again
tomorrow so goodbye
it tastes like peanut butter and jelly
uh no
