yeah we start vlogging I am vlogging I'm
starting flogging J car start walking
hey guys I am vlogging chases
interesting every every Wednesday
morning they have farmers market on our
streets they closed it down goes all the
way down here down here we're riding our
bikes
well we're walking our bikes but we're
hungry and they have good food here at
the Farmers Market in the hole farmers
market we found like one place that was
actually cooking food to make to buy and
it is it's unacceptable you need places
for us to actually eat there so now
we're just walking down motion Avenue to
see if we go finds a restaurant or
something I'm hungry
we ended up settling in a place called
hummus bar and they have laufes which is
like a Mediterranean burrito goodness
magic fillip shoe is painted stuff in it
it's good Oh
the choice is CVS sir okay Peppa alcohol
Alka their Scotch selection here oh my
god I've warned that but I'm sure it's
expected 200 bucks oh my god you need to
get that though will you all these
scotches no just good good good scotch
oh they have a premium boy
look at these sodas this is well they
got apple pie sweet corn peanut butter
jelly soda lose this bacon - bacon sir
packing line pilot might be that might
be amazing there's so many weird those
like Asians down there yeah whatever
those stuff to my closet bleh
oh oh no boo boo laughing ma I don't
know where that goes somewhere in there
somewhere in the whiskey section but I
don't see much I think you need to take
up more things yeah all done Andrey stop
until we go we ended up this see it
looks a little more empty now in this
whiskey cabinet because we ended up
filling that up and rather making a
second whiskey we moved my brandies over
to cuz I don't have a lot of gins I
don't have a lot of brandies so move
that here and then this is the newest
gin that we just added today
amethyst yeah but it's too tall to fit
over here but everything's good
everything's fit now we got some of
those weird sodas I showed you here he
got the prickly pear and I got I didn't
get one so weird I got okay it's a
little weird it's peanut butter and
jelly so that but when you when you
think of peanut butter and jelly you're
like I don't think orange you know think
well yeah I don't know why it's orange
but you think wow what if I could drink
this right no yes
Lots where we got it
yeah quickly a pair you can define
directive it sounds delicious
you know prickly-pear sounds good look
what peanut butter jelly doesn't sound
delicious
Lippman qualified well Cheers
Aliya how's yours this is really good
oh yeah
it tastes like peanut butter and jelly
uh no no yeah drink the rest out of the
bottle
sorry
I have to say that again just take the
whole thing do you'll be gone that's
really weird - it kinda tastes like
caramel first but exactly let it kind of
just taste like plastic it was like kind
of like peanut butter we'll have fun
with that Alex I picked a good one I'm
gonna taste yours before the taste is
prickly pear prickly pears good anybody
jelly was not a good choice Dan that's
so good prickly pear is not peanut
butter not the best choice - who would
have thought peanut butter jelly soda
wasn't good I want a race that was
really good like bacon one that's I got
to try the bacon in another vlog yeah I
don't know how long we're gonna make it
whatever valet will take my car and if
it runs out of gas it's their fault rap
can't see a Brentwood now and we're
waiting for my sister my little sisters
a way to study in the Galapagos so this
is like a goodbye until we see you next
dinner and we're just waiting right now
it's just taken my grandma and my mom
here waiting for my dad and the rest of
my family and my sister Riley to
actually come through this dinners for
so we started drinking I already have
he's got sake here with a little Zakaria
I
Oh Oh g-good child which are bein enjoy
man and then my drink is like a cucumber
lime a socket vodka Oh mr. Krabs obey
obey me obey and then yeah mine is like
a cinema martini glass so I feel kind of
fufu we had confidence it's cucumber I'm
a little bunny foo foo
so it's cucumber lime vodka and sake but
I taste something sweeter and I don't
know what it is it might be the sweet
lime juice rather regular lime juice no
but it's good it's
all right all right dad
I'm gonna vlog again nope
I was on a block oh it's not it's not
goodbye sister you're leaving you're
going she's gonna go study in the
Galapagos because she's lucky and I'm
jealous okay guys well that's my day and
now I'm home by myself so I'm gonna do
my thing I'm gonna edit this I'm gonna
go to bed and then I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow and I'm gonna vlog again for
you guys but I saw that yesterday's vlog
I said I asked you for the first time to
push like and the likes went higher than
previous vlogs and the view count isn't
even as high as other ones so I did
something right maybe I should just say
make sure you push like and comment
below I should say every time but I feel
like that's too uniform there's there's
if you know what if you like this like
it if you don't just feel bad for me and
like it anyway
okay guys well I will see you again
tomorrow so
the news outlet I love you
