hey guys
hi I am here and apparently so are you
if you're watching I'm gonna go meet up
with Jake and a little bit and then
we're probably gonna go with I have this
like favorite Korean barbeque place it's
actually in Torrance and Jake's
girlfriend who's Korean is is the one
who showed me and showed him and it is
amazing and I am excited for it deeply
excited for it my biggest problem with
with all of this this stuff this magic
these magic fullness is is that when my
friends decide to come drink them or if
I have some whatever I don't ever really
inventory them so when one of them is
kind of empty and we toss it out I'm
like wait like a month later I'm like
okay I gotta restock those ones because
there's always times people like do you
have this I'm like yeah of course and
then it's it's actually somewhat
embarrassing to have this much liquor
and then be missing like one that we
commonly drink so I'm trying to like
figure out right now which ones are
missing and I already I've seen a few
that obviously you can't see cuz you
don't know my collection but I know that
I'm missing a few vodkas already some of
the tequila's some need some restocking
just so cuz they're empty I know which
whiskies I'm missing I'm missing like
not missing but I got to restock like at
least eight or nine bottles I think and
I am happy that there's a bed mode in
Santa Monica because I'm gonna be doing
that not today but I need to make a list
of what I need and then go get it
there's freckles on my banana on my
banana
it is freckled one of them I want a
banana
I wanna Nana
give me banana Thank You banana hanger
thank you for this banana
I like thing is real room you never have
to baby Nana
how do I peel this I'll peel
I love to do it and they have a winning
manner
this is my all-time favorite look that's
what you do you wrap it in the rice
paper
the meat and everything like on radishes
and daikon radish
so I am stuffed
yeah I just made it awkward by starting
a vlog here down right right you guys
our stuff-your-stuff oh yeah listen this
actually looks like like a lot stuff but
we have a little bit more soju what is
that okay this is the palate cleanser
it's like sweet rice drink
what is wouldn't wait what is cheers and
it's not alcohol guys it's just it's
just goodness that's yeah like sweet
rice water but it's really good you the
rice of the bottle need movie tickets
you come to the right place
touch to get started how'd you know buy
tickets
today I have talked to myself Jake you
have a problem
wait what are we seeing what are we
seeing I'll anchor man to you at the
wait what's the time 10:30
that's it one adult and done
in the world
don't tickle me ok guys well that's my
day I do recommend going to see
anchorman 2 they gave a lot of laughs to
my friends and I and I want to say I
already know a lot of you are getting
your comments ready for a specific part
of my vlog today well let me just tell
you there is there is no there is no
straight way a man can eat a banana
there is no straight looking way a man
can eat a banana but let me tell you
that source of potassium is no joke that
is a great source of potassium and let
me tell you if you have a banana before
you do any kind of extraneous activities
you will last like a little bit longer
than you would have if you didn't have
that so don't joke about bananas and
that anyway guys I will see you guys
again tomorrow and for now
why don't you go ahead and hit that like
button I've I don't think I've ever said
hit the like button and in past vlogs
but I'm saying it now hit that like
button comment below and hey why don't
you send me a tweet while you're at it
because that's where I will talk to you
other than here and I could answer you
guys with like directly and if I ever if
I ever want to tell you something ask
questions that I may bring up in my
vlogs I'll probably ask it over Twitter
cuz it's easier so just know that but
I'll see you guys again tomorrow so
goodbye
