hey guys so today we're I don't know I
don't know what I'm doing today
well it looks different right now cuz
I'm at my parents house in my old room
I'm not I'm not in Santa Monica but I'm
gonna be head back there soon I just
came here cuz one I wanted to get my
mail and two because well my mailbox is
like five minutes away from here I think
it's time to move it close to where I
live yeah that that I wanted to get
lunch with an old friend
enough with an old friend with a current
really good friend why she just lives
out here so that's what I mean and also
from when I moved out of Malibu all the
boxes from moving are here so I wanted
to pick up some of my bar glasses that I
had here that I want to bring to Santa
Monica so I could be making drinks in
their correct glasses cuz that's
important this is like a mountain a
mountain of boxes look at this and I
have to this goes like all the way back
over here I don't I mean they're labeled
but I need to I don't know all I need to
do all I want to do is find just the my
bar glasses which were in the guest
house somewhere I'll find them
Brandon's here and he brought in a key
to where Jake's house by the way
he brought Nikita Nikita has never been
never tried to go downstairs come on you
got it come on she's not down good luck
maybe give her a little push late for
the first stair and then she'll get it
okay okay you don't have to go you don't
have to go do it you can see how
frustrated Oh
Oh almost there come on yeah you did
first air we're still under tree she's
done now that she has a jeep she's gonna
go back up got my treat I'm done this
dog is wasted why are you been drinking
so much Nikita
drinking is not good it's good fishy
party with me Nikita you need to go to a
a Jake Jake
j-jake June but I'm gonna go home
let's see if they grab the right boxes
with the right glasses this is my which
is fine I already have that I feel stem
way as well what's down here still much
cooler that's right it's just not all of
it I thought it I was like there's no
way all of my bar glasses could fit in
these two boxes and I was right
always go with your first
thought first intuition always go with
your intuition with your first I was
wrong
I'm unwrapping the glasses now just to
take out the ones that I have here and
as I'm unwrapping one of them and this
this slit out maybe people could still
drink out of this darn it
well I hope the rest of them made it so
it turns out the only glasses that were
actually in there were my champagne
glasses the champagne flutes with the
white wine glasses and the red wine
glasses I need
I still need like have like four other
types of glasses for actual cocktails I
mean look at that see I actually what
you guys don't know is I am a trained
and working bartender I don't currently
work in a restaurant or a catering
company but I did and now I will still
if someone hires me for an event I still
do bartending this this is my bartending
cabinet all my tools my shakers
everything that I then I use juicers
cutting boards everything the jiggers
strainers I still that's why you guys
you saw my closet in another vlog and I
have about 150 different brands of
liquor all I all we do you know my
friend Jake you saw he's also a
mixologist and we do bartending together
and we come up with drinks that's like
our fun time he comes over we we go in
the closet pick out whatever liquor we
go we'll get different makes us
different whatever
and we create drinks that's that's our
fun but I need I like to use the correct
glass I need to bring my glasses here
and I thought I did so that's a
disappointment okay guys well that's my
day unfortunately like you just saw I
was excited I was gonna be putting all
my glasses and everything my glassware
away and set that all up but I'm gonna
have to go back to my parents house and
look for the correct boxes but thank you
guys so much for watching today I don't
feel it was very eventful but I I still
you know every day is a good day
vlogging for you guys doing doing my
thing hanging out around here so thank
you guys again for watching for
supporting for twiddling my do to be
don't know what that means but I felt
like saying it in the moment and
sometimes in the moment things pop out
and then just no regrets so that came
out what am I do to be so I will I will
I will I'll do but I thanks for watching
I'll see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
I used to go crazy I wait wait what you
space what what used to swing his phone
is
