hey guys today we're doing stuff and you
guys are doing stuff with me so let's go
do stuff together that's my sister
there's a few things you could buy that
make you feel more like an adult I
needed a place to hang my banana so I
bought a banana hanger this made me feel
like I'm more of an adult I don't know
when I'll eat the bananas but at least
they're well hung taught me a little
song
and every time my father and his friends
come over and fuck her for her poker
they'd say my my name is Evie and that's
hava
like Adam and Eve ever his money
Jewish and they stand me up on a chair
see the song
and you see won't understand it because
you don't I don't know that you could
speak to what Jacob be Jewish who's
incubated yes because they taught it to
me in Jewish and I stood there
and I said do you understand I've been
here but not Jewish she turns around and
shakes
where's the boy when you need one nobody
like I didn't know what anything wise
but they yes fun yes
gosh Ponce is a penis has done what I
used to go crazy I wait wait let you
what used to swing his penis very yeah
he's hot
do you know turn at the family it's
already over
we are da
fool everyone just left my place and
including my family and now I don't have
anything to do I think I'm just gonna go
over to Jake's house again because he
lives close by and he is something to do
not him I'm not gonna do Jake I'm gonna
do stuff at Jake's at Jake's
not Jake Jake is not a fan of LeBron
James and his roommates are so this is
what they have and when they're not home
Jake just conveniently hides it behind
the Beastie Boys spot for him
Siri how can I find a girlfriend
what is your girlfriend's name I don't
she doesn't have I don't have a
girlfriend yet I need to find one what
is your girlfriend's name I don't have a
girlfriend
I'm looking for one what is your
girlfriend's name I don't know yet I'm
looking and one day I'll find one and
I'll tell you her name but I can't find
her
here's the contact information for Alex
Mandel oh you think I'm gonna have sex
with myself you you know what fuck you
Siri you're you're right I'm gonna go
home and have sex with myself I just put
a TV in my room I'm not in my room right
now I'm in a different room in my place
and I don't have a cable box but I found
I found one in a room that doesn't need
one and if it's only back there try to
pull it out and I'm getting spider webs
all over me God trying to come out I
feel good like ahh this is so fricking
spider web I don't care hmm get yeah I
did it it was hard it just you guys
didn't get to see it but for the last
like hour I've been struggling hard to
get because that other TV unit is patent
as run through the walls so I had to
like feed it through and look at this my
work paid off now I can watch TV in my
room before I would set up a prop up my
laptop
and I would I would watch Netflix now I
have TV and now now that yeah that's I
have TV okay guys well that's my day and
that's that's what I have to offer today
for you for my vlog and what for me for
what I did I didn't do too much as you
may have seen I started a little bit
later today I didn't have much going on
but you know I'm giving you a vlog every
day so that's that's the way that's the
way it goes and then in yesterday's vlog
I at the end opened up to all of you
guys about how I'm ready to not be
single anymore
and my parents saw that specifically my
mom and she I just looked at my my page
on Facebook
and I saw this look at this uh-huh she
wrote I'll let it focus we gotta find
you a woman I'm on it now we'll be
casting for that role starting Monday
just email me at Terry at abstract
talent agency calm and I will fix you up
with the greatest guy I know besides my
husband which would be my dad
well thanks mom see that's that's my mom
and a talent agent in her she's a talent
agent so that's a thang thanks mom
you're always there when I needed a girl
not you but to help me find a girl
anyway well guys I'm gonna go edit this
and then I'm gonna watch TV cuz I could
do that now in my room when I go to
sleep which is cool because I you know
I've only moved into here maybe two and
a half months now so I I usually I like
to sleep with the TV on and haven't set
one up since I moved in so I'm excited
about that that's probably not too
exciting for you but it's exciting for
me so again I will see you guys again
tomorrow and goodbye
oh god it's too much Sawa where am I
