hey guys Lucas deck in action it's me I
just got out of bed and add beans from
from being sick for a few days and I
know I've seen up top but I'm ready to
get out of bed I'm right taking a shower
and clean up and then go do something
finally cuz I feel like I just had like
the longest hangover from New Year's Eve
which I did it that was actually sick
I'm just saying it felt like I just
wasted so much time but I'm ready to get
up and vlog the Lord for you guys just
do it now that Jake's house right now
here I want to show you guys something
I'm showing them cheifetz I just saw
this look Alex tells the world about his
life every day it's Italian for cheese
that's what I am I have I have the
Italian for cheese mustache your Jeep or
cheese I'm Jewish Jewish for cheese
Jewish foreskin force I don't have
foreskin at him well I got cut off Wow
cool or Paco but it looks like Falkor oh
cool can any of you tell me where Falkor
is from you should you should answer the
console of seconds you have three
seconds where's Falkor from we just left
Jake's house and I had a note on my car
the note says would say yes dear ass
muncher here's a little here's little
hint park in front of other people's
driveways is illegal next time I see
your car there it's getting towed
well their driveway if you saw their
driveway because of his car is my car
and asked what your car yeah okay Ali
parked in front of the driveway because
they have like a full trailer in there
okay no one could get out of there drive
like they're just using it for storage
so i figured i'm not blocking anyone in
or anyone from going into cut i'm an ass
mature i guess that's what it is a cool
thing to know about chipotle is that if
you order on their app ahead of time you
don't have to wait in line you walk
right to the register and just again so
we did that and you could also you can
also pick your name what you want this
is alyssa sec this sex panther yeah
that's me and then next 10 we're gonna
go that's the horny hippo you got that
and then we got yours Jake did she do
she speedy bristle rehana she's now we
and what do you do after chipotle you uh
oh you courtesy flush and then continue
on guys i just made a drink look at this
look at this if you take fireball and
you mix it with Martinelli's apple cider
you successfully get christmas in a cup
because it's like that warm spicy
whiskey going down with that cool apple
cider it actually might be good warm but
you guys should definitely try it I just
I just made it for myself and it's it's
really good
it can't even taste the alcohol it's
daytime what I me out you two she's nice
and quiet if they know we're mentally to
paint things starting right now do so
into you how the American movie I what
I'm not sing is stressed growing you
just have to get the bull's-eyes and
then you win all i have to do is get the
bull's eye appt hey boys I yeah okay and
I have I'm Chrissy dollars for you why I
salute let's say 500 no I can easily see
my drunk self snake behind the target be
the target you be the target whoa single
70 I was really feeling that one
actually fuck you know you think you're
chill yeah but love it you know I want
finance but you're rich man
oh oh god it's too much sawa where am I
come here man give me hey hey hey hey we
found you
three
this is just a random street cat we
found oh you're rolling over you roll it
over Eddie hey how you doing okay guys
well that's that was my day my first day
out and about as a lot of you know I was
sick in bed with a fever and although it
looked like I was up and crazy today you
know I'm still sniffing so I didn't guy
didn't go too hard or anything like that
just keeping up wanting to get new vlog
out for you guys I know you guys have
been saying where are these vlogs well
I'm sorry I do get sick I'm human I'm
sorry but I did have a fun day today we
kind of had a spontaneous little like
party thing at jakes house or like a
friendly get-together so that was fun
not a lot of people just a few of us an
easy Saturday night and I had a good
time I do I wasn't gonna say it's it's
weird it's weird guys because I I don't
know why I'm telling you this but I
guess because you guys are easier to
talk to then sometimes finding someone
else but what I'm trying to say is
sometimes when I go to places like that
you know I'm single I've been single for
a long time and I I go to these places
where everyone is kind of there with
their significant others and it's it's
not hard it's not lonely but it's like
kind of i need to find someone it's it's
getting to that time where it's like hey
guys you know i can no longer be I can't
be that that single one out that odd one
out anymore when all my I feel like I'm
the last one of my friends to still be
single it's it's different and I feel
like I just need to to find that other
end plus you know it would it would
it would make my life more interesting I
think but for now I'm not on this isn't
my sob story to you I'm just talking to
you and telling you that I think I think
it's about time I I need to find a lady
friend to to fill this half which I
haven't done yet I've tried it's hard
it's not very easy but i will do that
but I just I wanted to tell you guys
that and I just I don't know feel like
talking to you guys I don't want to talk
your ear off because this is just just
my my closer for the day but thank you
guys so much for supporting even today
to be I was in chipotle and I didn't get
it on here unfortunately but even to
have I had a kid come up and he was like
are you Alex Mandel yeah he said I love
your vlogs I've been doing these vlogs
for less than a month and to have
someone come up and find me and
recognize me a person say i love your
vlogs over anything else i do over TV or
anything is great it's amazing it shows
that that this is this is growing and
you guys are helping that you guys are
supporting you guys are making this what
it is so thank you so much keep watching
go a team and i will see you guys again
tomorrow goodbye
