hey guys it's a new day today and I am
so excited about today because someone's
been very busy this whole week doing
meetings
doing everything that's why you haven't
seen me I'm not talking about this at
all actually we are referring to mr.
Roman miss Brittany and especially mr.
Kane mr. Kane Monsieur Kane Monsieur
Kane they're coming over right now and
we're gonna have I don't know like a
beach day hike day is something day I
don't know make sure yet regardless we
have no plan on the book with just the
only plan is to go and how much we're
just going to go have a good time with
them and hang out them before they leave
I think they leave tomorrow or something
I don't know but we are excited we're
heading out now we figured Kane might
want to see little Charlie we're gonna
bring Charlie out we decided we would go
to such Paradise Cove here in Malibu
chomping ground yeah this is actually
where I used to work I'm a bartender
here how's the bartender here for good
website we had I think we have it's like
a 2-hour way but we'll see we could use
what'd you order tell my Margene oh yes
oh it was on one - Cheers I thought that
we have this huge nose look that's what
the seagulls love that's what I was
attacked by that's my favorite one oh
now that is before us did calamari do it
all these way I tell you know that legs
are like tentacles I dipped it in the
cocktails us oh no this is gonna fall
sure is a table legs until these legs I
do it don't worry everything here
paradise okay Jake it's like each meal
is like four people you got a thing
going on it's only three tacos but like
just what I want to put like my hand
here you can say it's like just gigantic
and everything everything we stopped off
to little surf shop they said yeah King
wanted to get a wetsuit blackboard so
you were talking about some fun in this
isn't fun without anything yeah
rosemary had a Swedish but for my part I
got a giant giant thing six foot Rajic
our callers we leave into the Atlantic
we want do you feel like you should just
get I would I don't think we could fit
it in the we can't even get it in the
car
I in just like hanging out the window
and hold it Hospital yeah fun will you
take this next time how much is this jet
for are you thinking you get this
projector
it's only a casual 30,000 30,000 there
just once over three dozen well because
Jews that's yeah a big deal yeah we're
trying to see if we could find some like
fun toys take maybe a frisbee or
something or like a shovel but it's here
look this this one's perfect size for
you to dig for my pocket right you can
really get you my wallet yeah you might
find some gold in there
yeah
are you to bury it maybe good use the
boogie board already
I bet the water feels so good what would
you get you're going to feel it that
looks so inviting yes goes over the top
no no it came with dead right here we
can't move it good a couple week
you know exactly not like awful no it's
not it's refreshing it's when you stay
in it it burned his records dad at seven
we're going to beat that one new party
okay what four five one three
Oh
what the fuck is it
Oh doesn't that just make your ovaries
single ladies is this cheating though
yeah it is it's time to go oh oh let's
just guy haha we were just saying well
when are we going to Ohio I will do the
trip plan it really happen
it's going well I gotta ask you and I
was like you let me know when you're
free cuz I don't want to intrude on your
space I might just like we're trying to
be home we're trying to be a lot Mable
just shop there's gonna be a box in your
front door please like open if we're
even do that do it
I will I'm gonna just show up and be in
a box you never know when we're gonna be
there I can't wait to see how that plays
while we were at the beach it was the
first time I've ever done this I use an
app that I saw another youtuber talked
about to have them come clean my car
while I was gone
and damn they did a insanely good job
look at this
I mean they even polished that back tire
everything is just shiny and clean and
oh my gosh you just look so good damn
that is wonderful I literally pulled out
this camera so quietly because you were
dreaming really funny
everything was so quiet until I turn on
the camera and it goes ding and then you
jump up you're like what are we doing
what are we doing dad oh my god it was
such a quiet thing I mean I'm happy
you're awake now but it was really funny
the way you were dreaming go back to
sleep so I can film you well
even as friends gone he is but was visit
him soon yeah we're gonna have to go
visit them yeah
you know who else is leaving everyone's
leaving me
this one's really read sometime I gotta
go see my mom
ajayan I'm Athena milliwatts and he
would do little things yeah she's going
to go out dinner and hang out are you
gonna you probably crashed it okay okay
okay
this be me here meet our Audrey I read
over it's just gonna be us in a you know
he read over to listen hey dickey-boy he
knows anyway oh it's not good for me in
this lot come back come back
oh it's just you and me hey hey hey hey
just because she isn't here doesn't give
you permission to get on this couch food
just cuz okay okay but I love you I love
you but you need to get down
what are you going what are you doing up
here why do you think this is okay yeah
of course it like a person I could sit
up here that's not okay Lulu come here
get out there oh gee what we gonna do
tonight dude just does do you know we
ended up doing last night nothing we
went to bed we got early night right we
got a good sleep I'm just you know I
built this channel vlogging myself like
doing it all alone and now that I've
been vlogging with Andrea for so long I
kind of forgot how to vlog myself I'm
doing it right now is it my doing ok
guys this is okay so fun
I'm literally just editing the vlog now
because I'm like what do we what do we
do
we can go out and pick up other female
dogs for you yeah I'm down for that
I don't know we're gonna do anyways guys
with that being said I have I have
nothing so I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this and I'm just gonna cut it
here so that I don't I don't drag you
guys on to just you know listen to me
rant so I will see you guys again soon
goodbye well that's not all we got for
you
