hey guys so this morning I went and got
a massage because my back was out I feel
like an old man but I did that and it
felt amazing and then I came back to my
room only to see that the video that's
supposed to be uploading today that I
tried to start uploading at 2:00 a.m. is
still at 61% and it says that there's
4,700 minutes remaining I don't know how
that is possible and I am running around
Walt not right now right now I'm sitting
here but I've been running around trying
to find better place to post it now I
have my cousin trying to upload it on
his computer this is driving me nuts
like I'm gonna go crazy if I have a day
without a video up so I hope that you
guys get to see this video but by the
time you're watching this that video
should already be up but it just no it
caused a lot of problems well I'm still
waiting on yesterday's vlog to upload
and I feel bad that it's pretty much
like wasting away a whole day and you
guys don't get to see that so I'm gonna
in this vlog I'm gonna make sure I'm
gonna give you something special just
you're gonna love it
okay yeah so that just happened but that
was for you guys so now I'm gonna go out
give myself a little drink time
Adam what when I was just I wanted to
talk to you as promising you're about to
say what do you think he's got a steady
flow
okay guys well that's my day I hope that
you enjoyed it and you know everyone
everyone loves a good bath time that's
just what it is so I gave that to you
guys
I took you into my my personal sensual
time so I hope you appreciate that but I
will see you guys again tomorrow
so good bye good thing he has a snorkel
