hey guys today we're we're gonna go see
some Mayan temples so you guys get to
see that you don't even have to be here
I'm gonna do the walk in and you guys
just get to see it let's go do that
this Beach is actually closed because
the turtles are laying eggs at night and
they need to protect them so that's
pretty cool this is my buddy right here
have anything you want to say Oh what do
you what do you want to say that's it
how you have a lot to say
oh you want to last the monkey hmm and
I'm thinking of anyone ever sees anyone
see it
elephant game so you would see it thank
you gonna come on a pinky oh I'm in my
room right now and I'm waiting for
yesterday's vlog to go up and it's
almost 4:00 p.m. here and it's still not
up and it's been uploading since 2 a.m.
last night so we're verging on like 14
hours this is crazy so I'm sorry guys if
this vlog comes up late I have no idea
what the timing is so this just this
sucks but I'm still doing it still try
it
hang in there and it's time to eat and
drink
it's always time to drink fresh
tableside guacamole
oh yeah he's making a whipped Keela
for Christmas Eve I might as well have
something sweet see they're pretty much
saying my grandma's about to hit the
pinata
that's my grandma this is my cousin
Stephanie
okay guys well that's my day I hope you
guys enjoyed it and I know that tomorrow
or I should say today while you're
watching this it's Christmas so merry
Christmas to all of you a team and I
will see you again tomorrow goodbye
