another day in Cancun just kind of
relaxed and I'm trying to think of some
interesting stuff you guys want to see
but I'm ready to just hang out do pretty
much nothing and drink so I hope this
stays interesting for you
I'm so pissed that I didn't get it for
you guys a suitcase just washed up on
shore with about 25 pounds of marijuana
and the military had to come remove it I
think it fell off one of the cartels
ship it's so funny for it to just pull
up over here and a little girl opens up
this suitcase to see what's inside and
this just bags of weed I wish I could
have showed you that but it's still
funny still funny you guys gotta see my
new little cousin this is the first trip
I got to meet her this is little Lily
we got some chicken fried rice look at
this oh oh it's a chicken oh that's
that's not what I ordered
Hey
Kaylah
they infused their own tequila's here
it's really look at this it's you all
different kinds it's not coconut and
kiwi and coffee lingo just tasting
that's good that's that's the best part
you can pour them out and taste them all
my cousin has never taken a shot before
one of my cousins I take your first shot
what do you think yeah that was the
coconut tequila that they infused here
it's so good
guys I just made a new friend here in
Cancun and I want you to meet him see
her new I found sitting on my room key
how you doing bud I'm gonna let you back
into the plants okay let's go come on
man come on man you don't want to go
there you go goodbye you guys gotta
check this out
okay guys well that's my day so I hope
you guys enjoyed and there's gonna be
stuff again tomorrow that you guys will
see tomorrow so I'm gonna go today but
thanks for watching and I hope you
enjoyed I'll see you again tomorrow
good bye
