hey guys another day here in Cancun
today I finally get the Sun yesterday
came in at night so I didn't really get
that but it's so nice out here
check this out
this is my paradise for the next week or
so so I'm gonna show you guys more
around here to get to the other side of
the resort Jason looks like a 5-10
minute walk to your the next set of
pools is so awesome
all that swimmin had me work up an
appetite
it is time to eat definitely we just
tried two different restaurants both of
which have like 30-minute weights we're
just we're just doing the buffet that's
that's what's happening you happy you
get to eat are you hungry
the whole families getting together my
mom and dad's room are about to watch
wolf of Wall Street
everyone setting everything up there's a
ton of us and then movies done then
lopping three hours didn't know it was
gonna be three hours but it was good it
was good
I enjoyed it just long but you guys when
it comes out in theaters you should
definitely check it out it's worth a
watch wolf of wallstreet check it out
I'm back in my room now and you guys
gotta check out this quote-unquote
minibar they have it's not very many but
you should check it out look you just
pull it out from the wall yeah and all
you do is you put a glass under here and
it gives you it gives you a shot pretty
much a shot and I think it's pretty
awesome and it's free so why not yeah
right here is good perfect
yeah yeah 24/7 room service all included
that's my night I'm gonna finish eating
this room service and then I'm gonna
have a date tomorrow that you guys are
gonna see but I still even here keeping
my phone around probably using up a lot
of my data just reading your comments
and looking at everything going on but
it's okay it's worth it so you guys go
ahead and keep doing it and keep taking
up my data and keep doing your thing and
I'm gonna keep doing my thing and I will
see you guys again tomorrow good bye dad
- dare you exactly yeah are you excited
okay - artists it's amazing it's amazing
we have our own plane
