hey guys going to Cancun in the plane
there's the cockpit well I'm not doing a
place my doing a voice right now I'm
just I'm just running dad dad
dare you excited are you excited okay
good ha this is amazing it's amazing we
have our own plane so sure oh look look
I'm a germaphobe so I bought every seat
in the play
we got to go through immigration now and
this is the most insane i've ever seen
this is crazy you guys got to check this
we made it we're at the hotel we're
gonna we're going to start drinking I
think right we're going to God it's it's
all inclusive food and alcohol and and
fun fun is included we're going to do
some of that
Don Julio motherfuckers I'm just kidding
guys you aren't motherfuckers
my family likes to travel in large
groups we're actually waiting for the
rest of my relatives to show up we have
a group of about 30 of us which is cool
we do it once a year every year about 30
of us we take over these resorts that's
how we do it no no no Jackie is a cool I
got that on my blog this my
brother-in-law Alex I man he's he's
married to my sister my older sister
well he just bought me he bought me new
shades he bought me these these spiffy
new shades these are for my pool
activities because I do lots of
activities during the day what do you
guys think of these shades this is what
I'm rocking for the rest of my trip I
just saw that the rest of my family is
pulling up right now here looking to go
hi family such a big group but we always
do this every year all the family
that's my sister every one of these room
balconies have a hammock so I found my
place to masturbate
there's like pools all over place okay
guys well that was my day I travel I got
stuck we're here I'm in Cancun I've been
drinking I'm in a bathtub / jacuzzi in
the room anyway we came here when I was
already dark so you guys I didn't get to
show you really the ocean or the pools
or anything like that tomorrow will be
more of like a pool outdoors dating you
guys get to see that but for right now I
gotta go edit this and then I don't know
what I'm gonna do but maybe maybe sleep
unfortunately so that I come up for
track I don't know but any guys is that
stuff anyway guys I will see you guys
tomorrow goodbye are you a good dancer a
very good dancer you are a good dancer
not really oh well oh you not okay that
I'm is that I was like you are the bed
yeah okay well that's all I wanted to
know from a good dancer that's it
