hey guys today is a bittersweet it's the
last day on deal with it so the last day
of shooting for this season we're
wrapped and well that's exciting for
well I'm just telling them it's the last
day I'll deal with it out yeah no it's
the last day on deal with it dude are
you excited for the last day yeah bro
I'm freaking excited do not put me in
such a peanut oh okay why do I not seem
excited no well it's not about
excitement I said it's bittersweet it's
almost like a little bit sad yeah this
sad actually man it's super sad man I'm
like so bummed out right now with a
smile on your face I just have my
feelings and emotions confused right now
they're the feelings and emotions can be
confusing then the gates confusing today
man it's like woman I'm happy one of
mine and I'm sad you know it's like me
when I masturbate your dad I think
you're in my seat why are you taking
this this time which are you working
today I was I was supposed to
sorry you're taking it oh ok it's k this
is this is my job sorry I'm standing
here with David cacti which one are you
a good dancer a very good dancer you are
a good dancer not really oh well oh you
not okay that I bet i was looking you
are the bed yeah okay well that's all I
want to know from a good dancer that's
it no no no how are you gonna guess the
snow that's it I'm I'm not well i'm
gonna go i'm about to go see a man who
are you yeah very good yeah so I'll see
you in a few minutes over there okay we
just wrapped on this season of deal with
it yes it's over it's done it's sad but
happy and exciting hey can I get
everybody's attention I just want to
personally thank everybody this is the
best crew my favorite out of everything
I do in in show business hidden camera
is the reason I got into the business
this is what I like to do there's maybe
in this whole town there's a handful of
people that can do it and do it to the
level that this is done this handful is
right here in this room I can't thank
you enough for being part of this team I
hope this is just the beginning of many
years to come and you have no idea how
much I appreciate your your your
expertise your friendship which has been
a ton of laughs and I know that PBS is
really happy with what we're delivering
and we're so happy with what every team
from from casting and production and
sound and everybody in makeup and
everybody has been doing thank you so
much cameras everybody this has been the
props the hides this is the best stuff
I've ever seen the writing my partner's
our host let's hear it for Theo
Thank You Howie Mandel guys this is such
a fun show to work on and it's honestly
out of everything I've ever worked on I
love this I get to work with my dad who
gets paid to hang out with their dad and
work and do sign in love make people
laugh this is awesome and I you know I
always hate that it's over for index
it's so scary to see like hope that
there's another season coming but you
know I'm crossing my fingers cross your
fingers and you know when this airs in
March make sure you go and check it out
on TBS called deal with it so fun so
awesome definitely check it out you know
my dad he doesn't like anything dirty
any germs already think that he always
has hand sanitizer but he has different
hand sanitizers for everything this is
his newest one maybe you touched your
genitals hand sanitizer you know cuz
sometimes you just got it give it a
little scratch and need some hand
sanitizer one thing I didn't tell you
guys is tomorrow I'm going to Cancun so
I are you answering me mom I'm talking
to them there's a girl talk to you
afterward tomorrow we're going to Cancun
and I just I picked up something cool so
that i can make cooler vlog hopefully
cooler vlogs here while I'm in Mexico I
got the bobber this is like a cool GoPro
case for my GoPro so that I could take
it in the pool or ocean or wherever I
take it but just to try to expand on
these and give you guys something cool
to watch Brandon and Richard are here
Brandon wanted to bring Nikita to show
my mother cuz my mother loves puppies
who doesn't love puppies if you don't
love puppies you probably murder babies
I'm just saying oh okay guys well it's
145 a
and I'm leaving I have to be out of the
house at seven forty-five tomorrow to go
to the airport and I haven't packed yet
so I gotta pack edit this to make sure I
get it up for you in the morning and
then tomorrow i'm heading to cancun so I
think there'll be some good vlog in
cancun hopefully so stay tuned for that
I hope you guys enjoyed today again
thank you for the continued support
always awesome and you guys got to see
got to witness the last day on set for
this season of deal with it for season 2
let's hope for season three and i will
see you guys again tomorrow go a team
goodbye are you done shopping Theo yeah
they looked at the Christmas tree yes
you should go sit on Santa's lap and try
to give them a boner yeah I don't like
to do that anymore did have changed
