hey guys I'm on set right now deal with
it I read your comments yes I know you
guys keep saying my vlogs get shorter
and shorter but that's only because I'm
trying to give you guys the best stuff I
don't want to give you guys more and
stuff throughout their day but i will i
will make it a point to make a point of
trying to do more interesting stuff for
you that way I could try to make these
vlogs longer but for i love this
lighting this lighting is like perfect
for selfies i think i'm about to take a
selfie and post on Instagram I'm gonna
do that it's not my last day on the set
but it's Wendy's last day on the set my
last day on the set of deal with it is
tomorrow and then we wrap on this season
it's it's bittersweet it was it's been a
good run but I still have tomorrow still
tomorrow just today's your lie don't
have to Oh Vic here hello he he's on
tinder I if you guys don't know the app
it's like the dating app where you can
swipe yes or no to the people it's just
a Persian of grindr yes it is it is
grinders is very popular to your
straight and you use tinder yes I do but
you have a great strategy for dating let
me see my strategy for tender for those
of you are on it it's this you have a
choice of liking or not I just like them
all and then eventually I get to you
know this way that sometimes sometimes a
guy slips through I didn't pop it out
sometimes he pushes like in a guy
there's nothing wrong with that matter I
mean ultimately if they say like then I
get to decide so yeah like I'm going on
guys I think I thought that's a great
strategy thank you it works these are
actors today so I logging it's weird
right document
oh hello I wanted these are our actress
this is Brooke look at the camera but
she's well make a local angry you're
making people you're just making them
deal with it and I bring them cold soup
yes he's he's our waiter today but he's
gotten things around so far but he's
great that's why he's an actor and not a
waiter because he's good at acting this
is allegedly you done shopping Theo yeah
they looked at the Christmas tree yes
you should go sit on Santa's lap and try
to give them a boner yeah I don't like
to do that anymore dude up change guys
I'm back at home right now and I'm
reading all of your comments that a
shorter vlog does not mean it's gonna
get shorter and shorter until there's no
flogged it just means I didn't do a ton
of interesting stuff that day so you
guys don't have to worry about that if
you look I'm sitting on the couch right
now and i have this to tell you guys but
normally i mean i can turn on the camera
and just show you me sitting on the
couch and hang it out but I'd rather
show you like the best parts of my day
so that you get to experience only the
best parts the most interesting but I
mean I s i'll try to show you guys some
more stuff but for now don't be don't be
scared of these vlogs that go up that
might be three minutes there might be I
might have a really interesting day
tomorrow and it'll be 15 minutes you
never know but don't be worried I'm
still here for you guys I'm still gonna
be vlogging every day to no need to
worry one of my best friends moved to
Shanghai China like months ago well more
than once it's like almost been a year
now and he just got back in town for the
holidays which is awesome and so he's
I'm about to meet up with him now his
name is Richard I think my friend
Daniels picking him up from the airport
so I'm excited to see him and you guys
will see him in like a few seconds I got
to wait a little bit I want you guys to
meet my friend Richard who just got back
in town from Shanghai China well he's
only here for a little bit but but I'm
happy Richard are you walking away all
right this is this a mr. Richard miss
rich you know i'm kidding
me holding my calendar this is daniel
don't one writer one yeah sexy i was mr.
februari the nice Jewish guy calendar
you guys could actually buy that in
urban outfitters or kitson you can buy
it whatever I'm not you can buy that if
you want but I wanted you I wanted you
to meet my friends he brought gifts back
from China look look look at the latest
first stop I'm totally China and this is
this is this a ripoff Chinese case yeah
yeah I don't take it out of the house
yeah and then he got me a belt it's
completely look it's rubber he has other
colors too if you want an iphone case
you know you wait you wear that is like
a backpack as I bet you where's my dude
it's an iphone source yeah I guess I
could rock that right yeah II can I help
us put it like over my head like this
yeah I should hang it for my mustache
there this is now my iphone purse
bitches and fake Chinese beats of course
right yeah it splits here yeah yeah is
that a burning that's a furrier yeah you
know if you're another girl or got what
I mean check yourself out I'm with my
buddy Richard cheers yeah
back at Buffalo you happy to be back yes
sir yes very happy this bar is set up
like a house party there's like
ping-pong outside we're playing pool
they got like a living room dining room
outside in the backyard they got like a
fire pit and a hammock and everything
this is like the coolest place my
favorite place you guys can ever go to
Santa Monica check out bungalow 8 ball
in he loses I win in the backyard of the
clubbing it out they got a hammock and
everything and another bar out here I'm
a big fan of watches you guys got to
check out Richard's family they own a
watch company Curtis & Co you check out
his watch look at this thing oh yeah I
rock them to their awesome you guys you
guys should go check them out on the
website go to Curtis & Co watches just
look that up and you'll find them
they're so awesome I see you and then
they left okay guys well that's my day I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and again
I just want to I want to ask you guys
you guys are saying all we need longer
vlogs and everything that well you know
some days I just I don't have like an
interest it's not interesting throughout
my whole day so I don't film anything
you know everything for you guys but I'm
doing this for you guys so you tell me
do you want me to do it every day
regardless of whether long or short or
would you rather me skip the days
whether it's not so interesting you know
I'm going to leave that up to you guys
you pick I'm doing this for you so
remember go a team thank you again for
the support you guys keep this going so
whatever whatever
you guys want but I will see you guys
again tomorrow goodbye okay maybe I can
call luck please I don't love please
please just
