hello guys so as you can see this
morning I don't have my mustache done
but that's because i don't typically do
my mustache on days that I I'm gonna go
get a haircut so I'm on my way to go cut
my hair right now and look sexy and
fresh so I'm gonna go do that I'm in the
middle of my haircut but this place is
awesome it's called executive cut and
shave you get complimentary things I
didn't feel like you guys see me
drinking every single video I'm not an
alcoholic I just enjoy a good drink I'm
gonna show you on the this she's she's
my mom she's the only one I trust with
my hair I drove an hour and 15 minutes
just to make sure that she would cut my
hair tonight so thank you thank you now
i have i have two people working on my
hair
freshly made
I just punched you up sighs I punched
you in the neck looking good thank you
very much I I really like this haircut
I'm eating with my family now except for
my older sister she's she's not here hey
though I were the red one I'm sure she's
still eating somewhere else hola miss
luna and coo coo as a gone girl I don't
get to see my mother I don't get to see
you a new definition these are my little
girls I just don't get to see them
enough my dog Lola loves my dad look
dead just put you here I'm just trying
to get by okay just my friend Brandon
just got a new dog so I'm going over
right now to check it out I want to see
this new little puppy it's a little
German Shepherd look at this puppy look
at this book this is brandon's new new
love of his life she liked you on camera
no tsuma be on camera she's a little
camera-shy okay guys well that was my
day I hope you enjoyed watching I also
hope you enjoy the haircut because I
think it looks mighty fine but again
thank you for your continued support go
a team you guys make my day everyday
a when I read these comments and I show
my friends and they go my god you your
channel there's so many comments and so
many likes you've been doing this for
less than two weeks and I owe that to
you guys so thank you so much and I will
see you guys again tomorrow goodbye
today we're shooting something actually
with NBC and yes this is this is my
warship here yes now look I look how
shiny
