they say I'm said I need to take this
off oh here we go Alex
ah all clean okay thank you you're
welcome in here today we're shooting
something actually with NBC and yes this
is this is my worship here yes I look I
look all shiny and my lovely assistant
Chelsea hatches oh and you guys haven't
met one of the most important members of
the 18 this is my manager this is and
really like a picture oh oh he makes he
makes this happily doesn't do my makeup
but he just makes this this work exactly
yes that's that's really the man behind
the man all I have to say this is this
is our set in the restaurant get all
these cameras set up here but that's why
I look all shiny and spiffy we just
wrapped on today for my shoot with
Chelsea right so I'm gonna head home now
but it's been a good day hey Dad damn
you should tell them how fantastic i did
today you're amazing hopefully you got a
new hit show how come this thing that
would be cool my mom wants to tell you
guys how amazing I am too I've ever so
proud of him he was damn good here that
I was damn good and fresh and clean and
I did I did it so well I'm back home now
and my sister just called me my younger
sister saying that oh yeah I'm gonna
come up well she doesn't know that I
have these marshmallow blasters I feel
like I'm now this is just gonna be like
a regular vlog thing I'm just I'm just
gonna shoot my little sister with a
marshmallow was why not here she comes
oh she is with a friend okay well I
guess it will just be I hope I hit my
sister not her bread not that it matters
I think it's a big deal
hairless it
it's the wash Miller I'm in the Alpha
store right now and it reeks of bo and I
don't know why o.o bad i got my
marshmallow gun again my marshmallow
blaster and Chelsey's got this thing
like an envelope opener papering I'm
going to try to shoot it on to the point
I want to try to go kind of close I
could get it hold it still oh holy shit
I mean I hit it we're about to go to
bungalow awesome place in Santa Monica
my friends look at how excited they are
you guys are you guys are so so exciting
all right well at least I'm I'm excited
let's go have a good time let's get it
right
another night at bungalow Santa Monica
I know how it is bro no luck tonight no
luck tonight it's a long night but you
got your donkey so you're all good okay
guys well that was my day I hope you
enjoyed this blog and I hope that that
that show goes through for NBC cuz
that'd be really cool to host a show on
NBC but again you guys are supporting
every day go a team you guys are doing
it keeping it strong doing it real being
being you I'm being me I'm ranting this
is the end I'm just trying to draw it
out a little more so that you guys can
have a little bit more of me because I
want to have a little bit more of you
anyway I will see you guys tomorrow
goodbye
