hey guys good to see you guys again I
I've been waiting for your comments to
say I was like I want to see how long it
takes them to notice my wardrobe pattern
to notice that I only wear black and the
times that I don't wear black is I
either can't because I have to wear
something else for a shoot or it's time
to do laundry but right now we just
finished a great breakfast right and
what it was a great great breakfast no I
hated that guy
no but Jenny it was it was a great
breakfast right food was good but I'm
gonna clock that server see we had a
great time with my friend Jake moved
into his house that's where I am right
now he dubbed his house the Cadillac
house because this was left on on the
wall it's pretty cool thanks a lot and
love why are you brushing your teeth
right now but on a side I'm vlogging it
you face that me brushing your teeth I
am vlogging it I'm here with my friend
Chelsea hey we're getting marshmallows
but not for s'mores I you guys are see
in a second why we're getting
marshmallows we're bout to have a good
time I went and I got these awesome
marshmallows shoot check this out check
this out look at this you open this up
pop marshmallow in there
as you're ready to have a good time but
that's why you're probably wondering why
I'm not wearing a shirt because you
can't have a marshmallow war with
clothes hi guys I'm here with Chelsea I
got it I don't care oh yeah we should do
we're about to duel don't then one two
three four fun
no no no no shit
tickle wait your thing is out what your
Marshmallow the fellow gonna show you
guys Alex's pants no no show them show
them your pants up bend over and over
yeah yeah Chelsea you're eating our ammo
hungry
I can play tiny bunch of bunny bed bitch
a dev day yeah yeah you put all the
marshmallows in your asshole to see how
many you can fit nobody's taking off my
mouth I thought you were gonna say
something else
Alex challenge yeah pepper pepper thing
all right ready I'm ready
oh all right grab him I got round to
round two all right go ready oh I could
dream oh that's great I promise okay
this is the lesson I'm gonna get ready
ready
yeah yeah whoa
now you gotta have sex in me Chelsea's
leaving look she she was dancing in the
elevator doesn't realize I can see it
okay guys well that's that's my night I
I had a great night obviously I hope you
guys enjoyed watching this one and again
I love you guys so much this is so crazy
your response is nuts these comments
coming in and oh my god you guys are
surprising me every day you keep me
doing this you know yesterday's vlog I
got home at 3:30 in the morning I was
exhausted and I was like you know what
though these guys I got it I gotta give
them I gotta still give them that vlog I
gotta edit it you know it's so important
to me that I'm there for you guys
because you guys are clearly here for me
and you're supporting me so I'm trying
to do what I can for you guys so thank
you so much for supporting me and
watching these vlogs and I will keep
trying to do you know whatever you guys
want me to do I I feel so bad I see you
guys commenting please say this if
you're reading it I promise you I am
reading them if I had to say everything
people said it would fill an entire vlog
maybe soon in the future I will do a Q&A
video just for that so that you know
stay tuned I'll bring that up but for
now again you guys you guys are my a
team you guys keep this going on
together together we make up the a team
so until tomorrow guys goodbye once on
the on your show we win you when you win
and then you had it when I did it and
I'm doing up yeah
like who was that who was that Liam
Neeson yeah
