hey guys based on I asked you guys
yesterday where are you watching the
video so I'm but I know now that most of
you guys are watching my vlogs while
you're shitting which is all good
because I love to be your toilet
entertainment & but right now i'm at
work as you can see today we're filming
at a gym which is different than what we
normally do normally wet restaurants and
stuff but we love to change it up makes
a lot of fun but it's another day at
work that you were just telling me how
brilliant i know you're not that boy at
Alex no hi I love you but you're not
brilliant but today you'll be on my blog
I told you yesterday wasn't yeah today I
would like to be on it oh really yeah I
don't have anything to ask you really
yeah
Diaz onset looking at porn right oh this
is important I mean he's not this is not
good for it's a lot of explanations
really just a lot I've actually been
having some trouble with watching some
of the porno sometimes she awesome yeah
he filled up all the space on his
computer and he's borrowing mine now
let's say the hard drive is gone soft if
this is Eric Andre yeah hey you want
bored of you watch porno Eric yeah yeah
do it here okay I I'm gonna light them
here I'm not sign a release you gotta
blend my face no I don't learn anything
in this fucking sue do you guys like
actually cute I want I want to ask you
though who did you once when you did
that where you were on that show where
he was who were when that when you did
that once on the on your show we
wouldn't you when you win and then you
had it when I did it and I didn't know
yeah I'm gonna look at it was that you
was that Liam Neeson yeah that shit yeah
this is the poor dude honestly that's
the worst porno I've ever seen I I made
the worst porno I just learned so much
from Eric Andre if you guys if you guys
haven't seen it you should go watch the
Eric Andre show on adult swim it's
awesome and and they just got picked up
for few more seasons so congratulations
to him it's my sister Jackie's 29th
birthday today so we're at a restaurant
in Hollywood waiting for her and all her
friends are gonna surprise her so we're
waiting for right now I see my sister my
mom and everyone just getting here
she doesn't know that all of her friends
are here her friends said no to her so
we gotta it's kind of a surprise
actually oh no going back well that's my
sister that's my younger sister not my
older one this is my brother-in-law yes
annex and birthday girl yeah it's my
blood happy birthday you know what I
want to show your mom and my lovely
mother and Jackie happy birthday dings
you look amazing you look
you guys got to check out the coolest
shit ever look at this here ready poppin
bottles I'm at one of my friends place
now to going away party she's moving to
Israel so we're so I don't argue me
yourself Jake I couldn't tell you i'm
blogging oh hello back into the
conversation now somebody farted so we
got a buzz otay it right now I didn't
fart Gamma Delta F the one that farted I
want to introduce this is my friend are
you yeah she's she's moving away to
Israel she's gonna be gone she's leaving
us so we're here party hopefully not the
last time it's not the last 30
definitely about the last part but last
party but you know what I'm excited
about is that you had an open bar and
you got so much food I know look look
look at all this it's like like crazy
and I'm not like beating fool exotics
it's easty you guys know from other
vlogs it was like why is it always about
food well that's because I'm kind of a
badass
and I enjoyed food so thank you okay
guys well that that was my day I hope
you guys enjoyed watching I had a good
day my sister turned 29 today was a
birthday so again happy birthday to you
Jackie and yeah I mean another another
great day and thank you guys for getting
so much for your support these comments
are great you're you guys are liking
these videos you're supporting I I
couldn't ask for any more you guys are
honestly the best you guys keep these
going so I want you guys to be proud of
yourselves as well look at me look at me
I'm being all positive and shit well
anyway guys I will see you again
tomorrow so until then goodbye alex is a
boy he's the man official head without a
body I never what every day you buy my
good fresh where's the president what
are you acting like would not that I was
your girlfriend
