hey guys before anything I do realize
I've been reading your comments already
yeah I I repeatedly clip in yesterday's
vlog it was it was a long night and I
didn't realize till this morning and
once it's up I'm not gonna pull it back
down so I that that happened yeah but
now today is a new day and I'm not gonna
repeat a clip today I'm not but I'm at
work right now so I gotta go walk over
in co-host a show right now because
that's what I do
we're at Universal Studio say that's
pretty cool to be filming here they
found the moustache wax that I use so
that it's here on set and I don't have
to bring my own so I always I always
bring my own just to make sure in case
this needs some touching up so in case
you guys want to know what it is that's
what it looks like comes with a spiffy
comb you guys are killing me I'm sick
I'm sitting at work you know to pass
time I read your comments and all the
comments they are you know edit fail oh
repeat at this I know guys I know I
messed that up um I won't do that again
I'm gonna review it I was just we got
back late it was a long night and I'm
sorry but you you guys you gotta be with
me on this this is something I try to
give you every day you guys you guys are
my a team that's what you are so we're
doing this together I guess that means
if I screw up you guys screw up that way
we could both take nah actually it is
all my fault but I won't do it again
hey Dad what now
you know what to be honest with you I
don't want to be on the block today yeah
go ahead no they can take my okay yes
one day one day he'll be I'll be honest
with you I'll let you know when I want
to be on yeah
today is not the day I want to be on the
vlog okay okay you're not on it I'm not
on today's vlog no not today
good well you don't you don't want to be
on either today okay no one is no one
gonna be on no I don't think you no
one's good I don't think anybody really
wants to be on today okay
I hope I get to ride the mechanical bull
I don't think I'm gonna be able to you
guys are gonna get excited oh we're
gonna see write it but I'm not going to
I think it's just cool we have way oh
look who showed up
it's my buddy batata it's every time
it's a different one piece absolutely
the most comfortable thing ever
yes hey Krista hey we're going over you
guys already saw Jake in my previous
vlog he's having a housewarming today
like officially so we're gonna go ahead
over there red cheeks right now the
first housewarming there's people in
every room it looks like it looks like
there's no one here everyone's in a
different room but it's but I'm with
Tracy maybe Tracy what do you what do
you want to stage them tell them what
you're thinking right now all by
audiences the a-team
hi guys Toby's now it's gonna take over
subscribe to here is the man the show
head without a body
girlfriend hey guys I just I want to
make sure that you guys are member of
the a team and for that just in case you
guys are doing this with no volume I'm
gonna I'm gonna have my friend who's
brilliant actor do it in sign language
for you because he is prominent in the
deaf community so I ask them are they
are you a member of the a-team they him
he's asking you this is this is this is
Michael Spady he teaches you guys should
check out his movie the hammer you can
find out Netflix it's amazing I love it
it's honestly it's awesome it's so it's
so great
got some late night munchies finish up
all night okay guys back at my place
right now thanks so much for watching
tonight I hope you guys or today's my to
my vlog today I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I you know I've been thinking
because I was talking to Rome and he's
like you know my audience these people
are at work they're probably in the
bathroom taking a shit watching my
videos where are you right now while
you're watching this are you in the
bathroom taking the shit are you in your
office I want to know where you are
right now if you're in your room or
wherever just tell me if you're on your
phone or something I want to know so put
so comment below and let me know exactly
where you guys are but for now I will
see you guys yeah I'm done for tonight
so I will see you guys tomorrow
good bye
