hey guys just put up a yesterday's vlog
today's vlog I don't I don't know but
you guys have probably already seen it
anyway it's a little bit on the shorter
side but that's because today I'm gonna
go out with Roman and work aah-aah-aah
know where I'm gonna go run when we're
doing a vlog day we're gonna I'm gonna
vlog a little bit more for you today
with Rome we're gonna have a good time
so I will bring you guys along with me
of course
Oh a lot of you don't know I've only
been in this place for like two months
now and I had a full bar in my last
place but I don't know where to put the
alcohol so I thought okay close alcohol
clothes so I decided to film like my
closet with just you know this is this
is what what my closet consists of
everywhere
you know patron different things this is
this is Romans favorite if you look at
his vlog he's he's playing with that but
I have I don't even
one day I'll I'll make room for clothes
but for now more importantly make room
for a good time a very good time a lot
of you don't know I've only been in this
place for like two months now and I had
a full bar in my last place but I don't
know where to put the alcohol so I
thought okay close alcohol clothes so I
decided to film like my closet with just
you know this is this is what what my
closet consists of everywhere
you know patron different things this is
this is Romans favorite if you look at
his vlog he's he's playing with that but
I have I don't even
one day I'll I'll make room for clothes
but for now more importantly make room
for a good time this is my this is my
free board I don't know if you guys have
seen this it has a wheel in the middle
that rotates and it's supposed to be
like a snowboard so I'll show you how
this
totally like that boy
oh yeah sorry but I've had a dream I'm
sorry for I really want to go sing I
have like a really strong urge the
saying so I'm gonna go see if anyone
else wants to sing with me because Roman
and chase won't ain't no mountain high
ain't no mountain high ain't no mountain
have you hi hi hi good how are you ain't
no mountain high trip every combustor
you know it's alright um I'm still
thinking about my mom you know the song
ain't no mountain high I know
high enough well ain't no Valley low
ain't no River what
that's okay hey hey I thought more
people knew it ain't no mountain high yo
song yeah yeah sing it no Valley low
enough ain't no River wide enough bathe
it yeah if you need me call me I haven't
heard that so long I've forgotten the
words oh okay
that's okay yeah that's a gay thank you
okay you're welcome
ain't no mountain high ain't no Valley
low ain't no River wide enough baby hear
out our mother s the song okay that's
okay is this a commercial no it's not a
commercial it's just this is for Alex
Mandel vlog okay cool yeah okay cool
dude yeah California represent represent
I would have loved to continue to sing
with people but Roman decided it was a
good idea to film security and almost
got his ass beat you'll see that on his
vlog I should go check out his vlog and
watch that but like I can't film in
there and I don't think we're allowed
back in there we're here now at YouTube
for a YouTube event that hopefully I
think Romans going on stage with Vitaly
so we're at we're at YouTube space right
now this is pretty awesome oh look I
look who I'm here with grace exactly the
same exact camera we go first you were
on deal with it now you're here yeah
nice cuz I just follow you around
wherever you go I know well now I feel
safe I feel safe thank you cuz I have so
many shanks on my person she does she
does
hey I drove here but overall
oh yeah I'm his video oh yeah 2013 it is
I mean it is I don't know what to tell
you I just wanted um this video
it's okay video way I'm yeah I'm just
camera video in it that's it I mean what
else going on technology's way big
colors and Jackson Harris thank you so
where does YouTube thank yeah yeah we're
yeah we're st drinking water healthy bro
are you drinking some water water
vodka I just came from an online I just
came from yoga
you're skipping yoga that's how it is it
nude yoga I wish and
the cloud of water my hydrate - yeah one
of my favorite youtubers is here he
doesn't even know I'm here let me just
let me just automatically I want to just
surprise him Dizzy's meet Luna matric it
is magic magic oh where have you been I
move no way yeah
okay let's go come visit why we visit
Oh
okay
it's water has water
Oh
it is water oh nice no sleeves
I don't know what
Oh
Oh
Wow I am I'm talking open all right now
you're doing it Grand Theft Auto style
Charlotte hey guys so today it was
pretty crazy why I should say tonight
was pretty crazy but I I do hope you
enjoyed it I definitely enjoyed watching
and being there so I hope you guys got
just as much enjoyment but the day is
any I gotta edit this it's it's getting
late and I got work in the morning
ah Roman I'm Roman anyway I just want to
thank you guys for again for your
continued support you guys are all now
that I mentioned some of your comments
all of you guys are saying like oh give
me a shout-out or if you're reading this
say this and blah blah and you know I
don't I can't do that all the time but I
wanted to say that you know my manager
my agent I mean they're all part of my a
team you guys keep saying you're you're
Alex solders well now you guys are part
of the a team - so you guys we're gonna
we're gonna go strong with this we're
gonna keep going but I hope you guys
enjoy this and I will see you again
tomorrow goodbye I'm on a date right now
this is a date hi stop stop
why
