hello guys no work today but I do have
some meetings are heading to a meeting
right now but actually a new commercial
agent I'm going to sign with which is
pretty exciting so I'm going to go do
that but I wanted to start off this
video I told you guys yesterday that I
read all of your comments and I you know
you Isaac 2k4 said if you really read
all of our comments say merp oh I don't
know what that means but I'm saying it
and I hope that's proof enough for you
and then you King hillview you told me
to shave my beard and just leave my
mustache now I wasn't going to fully
shave my beard because i don't want
naked face but I trimmed it all the way
down for you this this is for you can't
help you so now you got a more prominent
mustache I hope I hope this satisfies
you guys but I really do read all of
your comments so keeping covenant it
makes it more exciting for me i'm on a
venice beach right now and i'm just i'm
here i'm here alone just block him by
myself right now try to figure out what
to do what is there to do here alone I
wish I wish Roman was here he would know
what to do
run santa monica pier right now this is
this is what I want to do I want to go I
want to do the ferris wheel or something
because I'm on a date right now this a
date I stop stop why little shady little
slim shady i get off
can we go on together understand it
could happen
yeah can we go again cool faster I'm
doing this again yes how do you get this
pole in the lady twenty bucks i'm at the
tallies place right now I know all of
you guys know who Vitaly is and Batali's
not here right now but I'm with a Roman
sup guys how's it going well we're I'm
helping Roman out we're gonna set these
cameras he's got a prank in mind for
Vitaly and it's going to be ridiculous I
really hope it goes well and it's a ton
of work I've flown out to LA without
patal even knowing it and you were only
gone for a few days and now you're back
yeah we're in its bedroom and we're in
his bedroom yeah I'm not touching the
sheets that but uh yeah this is gonna be
a great one this is this is vitaliy
stock this is jorge tell em edwards i'm
back at my place now it's like oh no two
in the morning so i guess i'll edit this
i might do it in the morning I don't
know but Frank on Vitaly was insane i
think robin said he's gonna put it up on
sunday so you guys get ready for that
but for now i'm gonna i'm gonna either
try to edit this do whatever or just go
to sleep but I'm you know I do read your
comments I was telling you guys I gave
you guys something some of your examples
what you guys have been writing to me
but I thought you totally threw me off
man anyway I'm gonna I'm gonna get some
sleep but I do want to ask you guys I
get so many of your comments and I see
you guys are right like you know I'm a
big fan from Norway i'm a fan from this
is so crazy to me where are even if you
guys are from different parts of the US
where are all of you from I want to know
I want to know where all of you guys are
from so comment below and let me know
because that's crazy but for now goodbye
I'm standing here with Kendall and Kylie
Jenner you just turned 18 or something
you did I mean yeah I think I think you
and I should now it's like we should we
should do dinner
