hello again good morning
I don't know if it's morning while
you're watching but I'm off to work
again so it's morning for me today is
gonna be an awesome day I can't wait to
show you the guests that we have on
today it'll be fun
and I think I think it's gonna be a good
day I do and I'm gonna bring you guys
along with me of course so let's do it
again today we had to park in a location
that's other than the location we're
shooting at a few blocks away and then
take a shuttle over so that again when
the people come they're not like what
are all these cars doing here and
there's not all these people here so I'm
about to head to work okay the van left
without me
that's a gay people people still didn't
remember me they care about me
they'll come back I think the van came
back for me I'm here I'm at work I've
made it now now I just gonna hang out
until until I need me to do something
yeah fixes hairs hair looks stupid
so tell that to him now if gray goes on
and make a comedian crazy hey first of
all I haven't even focusing on my head
you haven't books on my back here
recently you've been braiding them I'm
not getting berated but I did get mom
the hair above my you know your corn
road Oh your cornrow bobbing can you
take this I got my own pubic area for
road
I'm here with with Kelly Osbourne yeah
new it's a blog okay well you guys look
lovely I will say that
he is good at that okay it's a good luck
well thank you thank you
we're on a break right now from shooting
it's been a great day as you guys just
saw we had Kelly Osbourne in and we have
me another guests coming in and I want
you guys to see as you guys you guys
will see who it is I have a question I
would like to ask one of them hopefully
I get to do that we have e on septa
interviewing my dad right now I'm
standing here with Kendall and Kylie
Jenner you just turned 18 or something
you did I yeah I think I think you and I
should now say we should we should do
dinner yeah perfect
yeah you do you prove I'll come oh yo
that's not a curse for me I don't know
it's always just I want a friend on a
date oh wow
apparently shoot it something she did
say yes that's true are you and Alex
I'll I mean if they're in obviously she
said yes yeah I'm gonna go on a date
with kendall Jenner and I'm gonna go on
a date with kendall Jenner and I'm off
work but I'm not gonna go on a date with
kendall Jenner right now right now I'm
gonna go home and hang out with some
friends and then and then hopefully soon
I'm gonna go on a date with kendall
Jenner my friend Brandon's just getting
here he's I see him looking at him there
is in the elevator just looking around
what does he do it
here let's skid when he comes up
oh hello hello stir me just a little bit
gee boom so okay you're gonna block me I
liked it I'm vlogging you as you walk in
all day every day 24/7 24/7 whoa rubbing
your nipples Jake take a chip yeah
do you love you so much you're revenue
nipples
hello
violet road follow the yellow brick road
that's how we cross streets who how do
you cross streets
hey guys had such a good day today I'm
not talking myself I'm talking to them
Jake talking to them talking to you guys
anyway I had a good day today I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I know I did
because I what are you what are you
doing
Brendan can I finish this please
anyway I asked out Kendall Jenna she
said yes I'm gonna go do that and right
now I am gonna go edit this so thanks
again for all your support I do read all
of your comments so don't write anything
mean to me because I'm sensitive and I
cry and you don't want to know what I do
while I'm crying
Brandon so until tomorrow guys
mm-hmm-hmm I don't have I don't have
like a like a line I say like smile more
anything like that one day I will but
for now it's just goodbye this is our
view oh what a thought is our view dude
and that's when we get naked yeah good
thing I brought my anything about hey I
brought my dick too
