hey guys I'm on my way to work right now
a lot of you guys were asking you saw me
on set when Roman and Dennis were
co-hosting or guest hosting and you were
said well what what do you do for a
living well that's that's what I do see
typically when there's no guest hosts I
am the I'm the co-host I'm the guest
host and when I'm not doing that I'm
actually a consultant on the set we have
to park in a parking lot a few blocks
away and then it's shuttled over to
location because our crews about I don't
i'd say like 35 people so we can't have
all these cars in a restaurant that
people come in they're like what are all
these cars here and i don't see any
people inside so we park far away so
that the people that were we are making
deal with it don't
don't wonder why there's so many cars
and not so many people
I gotta get my makeup done before we
start this is this is Wendy hi she's
actually my dad's personal makeup artist
and I guess mine right now yeah Absalom
and Ella this is your reminder Alex
priming you look like a car but we're
coming out like this love it how was
your uh Brendan why do I look good you
look good thank you you look really good
do you see how good we did here yeah
it's amazing right yep pretty pretty
handsome I think I look like a pretty
princess you look like I'm really pretty
for that thank you your so i'll copy i
want to introduce you guys to the most
important actor today he's been prepping
and he's just you know stressing a
little bit this is this is nima i found
an email before it was a weird make it
look she ready to lick my makeup you
might be too hard he's never gonna have
breakfast oh no no I was just filling my
breakfast we're just that's it we change
locations so often these this crew is
amazing they're able to move everything
that we have in like a day to a
completely new location well they have
to as well but this
as well as everything that's that's out
there set up all the hidden cameras and
every night that and every hide that
they're in and all that that has to be
set up and then if we go to a new
location tomorrow that's gone at the new
location by tomorrow crazy okay yeah you
happy I'm back in the seat in the hot
seat so happy to have you back in the
saddle man really dude we've had an
honest a bunch of weirdos here keeping
it warm for you yeah I don't think of
who we've had uh it can and was here you
know um Jill Wagner was here yeah what
about my boys uh oh yeah when I did
whatever Road his Brody were here so
they're cool man there's a little chatty
but uh but yeah man so glad to have you
back in welcome back you ready to get
somebody to deal with it I'm ready um
yeah he just doesn't where he in hosting
he doesn't want them to talk oh right
just I'm so happy if I had a little deaf
puppet right here anything still kind of
you know but didn't really have any
sound coming out this is our view oh
what a thought is like sharp you dude
and that's when we get naked yeah good
thing I brought my baby for you have
brought my date to but we're not gonna
share though we just need one just one
at a time this just Cheryl no sharing
okay we just finished this one was a
great game right it went well well man
we had probably a 200-pound your canine
in here today yeah you guys you guys I
decided showed you guys Nemo Nemo did
amazing yeah he sold it I think finding
nemo is a lot easier when you're 200
pound dog that dog couldn't hide
anywhere except for except for when it's
night yeah then no one could find him
this flies everywhere we're at lunch
right now
I got to show you this here's the owner
of where we're at gave us it's like
almost honors how about it's pretty much
done but it's this this pastrami hand
cut thick if you can't even order it
here it's like close right up your bunny
buddy nothing but the best what it tries
everyone it's done buddy forever thank
you everybody buddy thank you who's done
for the day heading back to the van so
they could take me to my car so I could
go home I want to go home now it was fun
does monday successful day just getting
back to my place now it was a great day
we're not gonna see what's going on now
I don't want them to be over now I gotta
go see if a my friends are available or
someone's go get dinner with me you're
something you know that way I I'm not
not ending now I don't want to end now I
called all my friends in the area that I
know and no one's available to go to
dinner I guess I'll have dinner alone
tonight I'm just gonna pick up food from
vons and go back and eat it edit my vlog
call it an early night and head to work
tomorrow tomorrow come on I'll be fun
I'm gonna go get some food there were so
many good things that I wanted at that
had bonds like mac and cheese and pizza
sandwiches or something but I do have to
lean up and you know cut off some of
this I'm going going on vacation soon as
soon as we wrap deal with it for this
season so I I ended up with a salad now
don't get me wrong I love salads I do
and they make you look good but you know
I would have loved to have something
else but I'm just I'm gonna enjoy this
salad I'm gonna edit this video for you
guys and then I'm probably gonna call it
an early night you know got an early
morning tomorrow for work tomorrow is
going to be awesome we have some some
guests that I know you guys will enjoy
i'm not going to tell you now you guys
should tune in tomorrow to watch it
obviously I haven't filmed it yet
is it's not tomorrow yet but I'm
guessing that it is going to be
definitely worth watching especially for
these guests but thank you guys again so
much for your continued support this is
awesome and watch I'm reading all of
your comments coming in you guys are are
supporting and you know I was a little
worried as soon as Roman a dentist left
but you guys are sticking around you
guys are making it happen and for that
thank you so much but you know for now
this is going to be the end of my night
so this is the end of the vlog and I
really hope that you enjoyed it and I
will see you again tomorrow oh there's
beautiful ladies everywhere see that
that's why I'm here I'm hungry for some
vagina
