hey guys it's really early still not
even still not ready to get up so don't
consider this to beginning of my vlog
but I wanted to say goodbye that's
strawberry it takes the snozzberries oz
berries yeah just aa spirit oh not about
the Cameron alright I gotta say bye to
guys this is the best way to say goodbye
head in the air for leave your Alex see
yes have fun
love man another one guys hey guys
so Rowan and Dennis left and Tracy and
it's it's quieter here today it's it's
not a good thing that's more fun when
they're here but now I'm gonna go I'm
gonna I have I still have friends here I
do I'm gonna go visit my friend Jake
healing Liz it was like less than two
miles for me real good sign to eat
walking up to Jake's new place he's like
just moved in he's only been in two days
actually I got them this from 99-cent
store cuz I'm gonna have a good friend
I'm a really good friend mr. Jake I
heard you playing with the South Machine
I was playing this out machine
I'm always getting the Flies out there
part oh oh
this whole foods is crazy there's like
food every involv you of course there's
food everywhere cuz it's a market but I
mean like they make you food there's
like this beautiful ladies they see that
that's why I'm here I'm hungry for some
vagina I couldn't manage any vagina at
Whole Foods
sorry any vagina at Whole Foods we're
just gonna watch non order Special
Victims Unit
Lillian some boys this is some cloudy
bubbles what was got gonorrhea dude just
let me blow bubbles
just squirting it all over there we go
no wait I guess we're going back to
Whole Foods we got free samples of
coffee and it tastes like doodoo butter
raise our okay just throw it on the
floor we're trying to you're just trying
to kill time before it's our eyes oh we
got a pizza
we got half barbecue chicken and half
turkey sausage that's because it's good
it is Jake let me see that pizza I'm not
opening it right now is it not is it not
open no I'm not opening it we're saving
the heat yeah fuckin pizza going to
dinner right now I didn't really eat
that pizza I had a little bit but I
don't want to that's gonna make me obese
we're going into Saki house right now
get some sake right perfect time for
sake
no I'm a good customer right I don't
give you a hard time you know sometimes
a little bit and this is my friend Greg
we're just getting sushi because it's
happy hour here from 9:00 to midnight
every night and for a large thing of
sake it's only four bucks so why not
yeah
sashimi yellowtail sashimi actually to
be exact but we got we got our socket
here and your be good
happy-hour sake there's nothing better
okay guys I'm just getting back to my
place right now and I got work in the
morning pretty early so this'll be you
know the end of today's but you guys
catch me again tomorrow thank you so
much for your support today was crazy
with all you guys filling up my email
with subscriptions and comments and
likes I you're you're making me so happy
this is so amazing
you guys are inspiring you to do more
every day so guys keep supporting I'll
keep making these vlogs and thank you so
much for watching and for supporting and
I will see you again tomorrow so for now
goodnight
well I don't know when you guys are
watching this but I hope you enjoyed
check out my new show my foot jog coming
straight out you guessed it
