like hey today is a good day and it's a
new day and it's a good day good
thoughts everything and all in between I
like to be in between ok anyway today is
something very special
I've been going live on Instagram live
people like how can you know talk to
Roman anymore how come you never seen
Roman anymore what's wrong with you in
Roman
well you know first off I live in LA and
he lives in Ohio that was that's big
that's a big thing and sometimes a big
that's an issue yeah
but beyond that sometimes you visit
sometimes I visit and today happens to
be one of those days that he's coming
here I kept it a secret flammer here you
can see all the way and I am going to
pick up him from the airport but I can't
just do it in any in any regular way
right there are all these guys about
this oh oh oh oh he just got a
skateboard you ate it sounds great
anyway we can't just pick up Roman in
any normal fashion it has to be
something special and it's going to be
so weird we're driving around today
tweeting up some supplies for for the
pickup we called around a few places to
see if they have what we're looking for
and this party city has it but in not
the right size but no one knows no other
place has it so maybe it might be
hilarious that it might probably work
monkey business
whoa thank you pay off to a good start
look up well he view will total money oh
yeah as a lot of people do because of
the kind of costume it is too even if it
is big I don't think it's that bad it's
like it's big but it'll stay up yeah
yeah yeah
yes you do over town a curly tail like
if you didn't college a monkey would you
say like well your monkeys
yeah I think so do you think not I don't
come here how do I do it it is right out
here we are heading into FedEx office
because I want to make a sign that I can
hold when he's off the plane
sweets should I say romina shouldn't say
like cane it's a key it's just they came
and everything
how's this it's good
cane would say let's print it that looks
good yeah do you want to fly beats paper
I got I bought it just for you we would
have printed this at home but we want to
laminate it Megan I and I don't have a
laminating a lamb a llama llama mater
they don't blame you well I told you we
should have gotten ordinals it really
need one
I don't even know how to do this then
you put a 350 heated going out to play
let's go we didn't totally room in there
oh look at that look at how black again
alright nice to put it in the problem
fun kind of gets terrible back
oh really are ya I mean you got it but
see how I had that little silkscreen to
it just put it back in your one more
time you know I'm sure today okay you're
gonna carry okay with the right way if I
make it straight okay I was to apply of
all this one is gonna come out perfect
talkin see she would still right oh yeah
yeah there's like no air bubbles or
anything I told you hundred we should
meet is me the way to ask for help
because again that Sudan yeah because
the thing we're picking up well bananas
here the vehicle can you all google the
vehicle definitely vehicle here Jenny
help I need you to do me from behind
Harvey do him from behind they just
landed Rama just text me and we are
trying to find all these ways around
traffic la you are no help when it comes
to doing something special for friend
you suck
this traffic is killing us oh my god
people keep talking anything any nervous
because they talk about what we're
bringing behind us Roman has now started
getting his bags which mean I can't even
wait there with the sign and there's so
much traffic we are so stressed out I'm
fine
I'm stressed she doesn't really care
about them I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding it's going to be funny and cool
no matter what it will be look at her
being positive this is why I keep it
around so scared and nervous we go red I
am me you can't like bring it out of old
us and she was like fine maybe great I'm
like the traffic move I'm now stood up
as a monkey and we are ready to go we're
just going to pull up and I got my sign
here mr. mr. cane a twit so we're just
going to do this there I told them wait
outside and we will we will just see
them they won't miss them
I'm running I'm running I still a
skaters cocktail I feel look I'm here to
pick up taking out wood I'm here to pick
you up
I got you so I brought you my favorite
snack
you know my favorite snack is what's my
favorite snack you don't know what to do
give me a hug would dude good to see you
right around here the signs for you love
it do you like limos I have been in one
yes Bennett long that's I see do to your
limo Nano did I stick to your banana
did you think of your bananas right this
is for the three of you well here comes
your I've got to do this you ready to
ride a banana guess we can't get in
trouble - police - taking pictures
this may - move tell me - move it you
didn't want anything flashy right no I'm
like I heard you listen to me yeah I
think you said nothing flashy and I
listen your best listen you know you
just got to pick up people in style some
people do the allows the people to
stretch buzzes sir BAM
Brandon's donut
got a banana
Alex it what are you what are you doing
you gotta go what you have in 400 while
we're here again donut say you're please
yes dick if you know everybody looks at
the cars like yeah every day and like I
said Roman specifically told me nothing
class yeah nothing flashy nothing beyond
emission CDs obtained which one you are
there is there even if you even if you
covered this in chocolate and rice
no not like you're so shiny is a lucky
thing gave me doing for what did you do
that that monkey Judaism sparkly
shimmery so pretty oh now Andrea and I
are meeting them they continued on their
way to the restaurant and we are meeting
them at the restaurant we thought their
bag that's why we have a separate car
but we are going to Romans favorite
place for ribs who's in Santa Monica
called Hill stone and it is amazing
there you've had it won it's so bad
everything they're amazing and they're
known for their key lime pie which is
why yeah Hedren are now heading back to
the apartment we just had dinner with
them that we didn't vlog the dinner
because I didn't have it which means in
heaven yes I just didn't want to I
haven't seen Roman and I don't even know
how long I you know regardless of
September you know just a lot and
regardless of like how often I see him
or how often I don't see him I still
consider him one of my best friends so
you know not all of it could be on the
camera because I want to spend time with
my plan I don't get to see I hope you
guys understand that also Andrey has
never met Brittany she's met Roman
jenever at Brittany's that was a good
time for them to talk and hang out and
everything so we just had a good dinner
and now we're going to head back he's
he'll be here for a little bit so we
will meet up with them again never be
more yeah there won't be more but so now
I'm happy I got to see him we are happy
we got to see all of them ya know so
much fun yeah I think that's all we go
for today that's it we are on day we did
have a long day I know it didn't seem
like it's that much for you guys but it
was like it was a lot of prep work and
really a lot of work what a pressure
I love yeah yeah not a pressure that I
had fun and I this would be more stuff
to come this week so on that night I
think we'll just see you guys again soon
next time soon soon Dex good bye guys
bye bye we've been here for why we're
ready to leave Riley already came back
you got it and like it but it turns out
that it fell off the roller coaster I
don't know the other end
