good morning guys I'm Alex Mandel it's
me and this is this is my vlog thank you
very much all right let's see this is it
is it good I've been I'm just
I noticed that yesterday's vlog my
moustache was kind of like falling down
so I figured I would show you how I do
it
before we go off to to work yeah 5:00 in
the morning is the best time do you wake
up don't be doing my moustache look at
this I have all all my moustache stuff
my my Clippers Oh
my moustache wax I use Clubman by the
way if you guys want to government
Clubman yeah and this isn't brown that's
why he's like dark on the edges but his
pubes are he does the exact same yeah I
have a handlebar penis to do we're back
on set on deal with it and I'm here
gives me no no are you crying is that
where he's crying
it's a very happy that's a very happy
day we're so excited to be here it's
because it's they're sad that it's
raining in LA they didn't think it was
possible but it's happening I was trying
to get away from Ohio and now I found
myself in the middle of Ohio a little
nowhere no snow though no snow so well I
would love snow right there cheers
babycakes the most dangerous thing for
me unsaid there's all these wires
everything a trip over the most
dangerous thing is this is donuts and
snacks and everything because I'm just
obesity is dangerous and that's what
this will do to me I just I just checked
my email for the first time today
since the vlogs went up and I know you
guys saw Romans and everything I just
thank you guys you guys are already
subscribing this is great check this out
I'm getting like so many subscribers
look look you guys can see your names
like my if you saw your name you guys
should comment this is going all the way
down so thank you thank you guys so much
and I hope that you guys enjoy these
vlogs and you keep watching and I'm
gonna keep vlogging throughout the day
so you guys this is in the end but thank
you guys they really
I just I figured I'd get you in there
you know excited yeah it's like you know
something I have to do you nervous
though right so you keep paying is that
I'm not really nervous I just say I'm
more like I'm always like this I'm not
really my strong person oh okay well you
look you look pretty Roman you really
are princess I'm standing here with Nick
Cannon yes after your long successful
career you must be so excited that after
all this you are finally on Alex
Mandel's block I am and I mean I've been
waiting for a long time I mean when you
think about it but this is like precious
like this is this all this you can't you
can't go any higher than this I'm saying
it's the talk I've made it it was like
you should marry Mariah Carey
now this yeah we're bout to start
shooting the game hosted by well hosted
by Theo bond is doing my best
yeah Roman help assist you guys get the
time to do crazy stuff okay yeah we do
it yeah you guys are never gonna invite
us back to the show early so when we
leave literally go ahead and help pack
everything up into my car yeah you don't
have a big enough
you don't Makar so you got Roman and
Alice they do their vlogs this little
baby camera hi do my vlogs that's stuff
I use I can't have an old model camera
check out my new show my foot job coming
straight out you guessed it one of those
vaginas with prankster extraordinaire
Dennis aroma just finished cause thing
and they just killed it with this prank
it was awesome blast I love making
people deal that's crazy
how did with our circuit we're going to
you
Yamato it's good
yeah
you
helps birthday yeah Tracy Tracy
hey guys I think we're ready to cuddle
now I think we should all go and have
sleepy time and cuddle in the blankets
and we could fart under the covers and
I'll sniff it have fun tonight I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see
you guys tomorrow so oh but I it is it
is the last night that Roman and Dennis
are here they leave the morning so I
want this there they're really tired
how's it going party yeah I set up a
like Oh looks kind of crazy I get like
lens flare on this you know you're it's
your last night yeah so you're going to
Cabo Cabo Wabo well go have fun
go have fun so remember guys if you
haven't already subscribed to my channel
because I'm going to be doing vlogs
every day and enjoy nut tomorrow's I'll
say that again tomorrow
this is a family restaurant
