hello everybody I haven't done a vlog in
a long time I know I apologize but I
figured it'd be a good time to start up
again because no because the no reason
that I'm starting other than I want to
again I'm gonna go pick up one of my
friends from the airport I'm on my way
right now and then I gotta get to work
but yeah I'm going to take you guys
along with me to work today instead of
deal with it I'm sure a lot of you will
recognize my friend I'm picking up from
the airport so I and I hate the airport
I just got a I don't even want to I
don't want to pick I mean I want to pick
him up but just not from the airport
maybe for like chuck-e-cheese or
something I was looking for my friend
and couldn't find him anywhere
and then I looked at the board and I saw
that his flight is an hour late my luck
right hate being at the airport I think
I got to find something to pass the time
I think I'm gonna go find some sex I
just you know I'm at LAX there's a lot
of women that need some stretching after
this after their flight I'm gonna I'm
gonna find some sex I'm not at the
airport anymore and I have my friend now
we're on we're on set I want to show you
I'm with Roman Atwood yeah what's up
guys I'm just gonna get some real boys
are you gonna you have anything you want
to say I'm excited man I just want to go
in and say I don't want to be on your
little video here I wanna you want to go
okay he actually might deal as I said
I'd only pick him up from the airport if
he made a cameo in my vlog because he
said he hates being in other people's
videos and he he just hates me in
general
he hates it now we're on the this set of
deal with that I'm gonna show you guys
around the set just a little bit okay
these we have those are where the hosts
sit so you get to look at every angle
what we're doing I want to show you this
if you want to talk to the actors so I'm
what to do this you want to talk to the
person we're messing with you push this
that's pretty much how you control deal
with it I'll show you it's not too small
of an operation we got all this stuff
back here dad yes say hello this is this
is per my vlog oh it's gonna be part of
this vlog is it is it your vlog this
one's mine
Alex yeah my dad was more interested to
be on Romans vlog here's the other
cameras we have remote cameras they
rubba cams
it's log me talking about my blog I was
talking about your blog you don't like
it no I've never even watched hey I have
watched you have watched my blogs my dad
supports me and everything that I want
to do I'm just I'm just talking to
myself and gel and encho yes host of
Wipeout yes I want to be on wake up you
can be on wipeout like as long as you
keep that mustache it just comes back
I've actually shaved it every day it's
hot turns me just finished our day on
deal with it and we got to go back
tomorrow but tomorrow you're hosting
right I don't even know my face your
shoes blogger and and I'm driving done
because I don't text and drive I've
logged into my blog and drivers way
safer yeah because I'm still looking for
it I'll have to look at what I'm doing
logging is so safe while you drive that
you don't even need to wear a seat belt
well I'm late okay no I see now you want
to see but I'm just saying oh yeah these
seat belts are overrated you need to put
whoa exception yes we're both Club of
Bloggie now this is a family restaurant
cheers Cheers I'm really good try it's
my first time having jack and lemonade
in a happens to be in a restaurant we're
not supposed to do that but that's what
makes it more fun we got more people
here yo I didn't know you had a warping
like bunghole
well don't put your hands to it you'll
go through that weird you see a dog when
I'm done with them they usually look
like that dude we've been doing
exceptional day I know this is it's just
it's really perspective I don't know
what that is the coolest cereal what I
wanna say I'll be back through this
bedroom there's a bed office oh no I
love it that would be my kids room maybe
the safest kids on the planet yeah and
no babies coming in the kitchen to
murder kids definitely going in the kids
rooms and they'll never find that yeah
and that's why you give a kid a shotgun
hey guys thanks so much for watching the
vlog today I'm back and I will I will
oh oh smile more oh you know what you
know like a Snickers bar bat it's like
all the new peanut stuff
look at that that looks like Vitaly
schlong wrong oh boy row row row we
gotta go
super fun day tomorrow we're gonna cover
everything on here hey you want to do it
you want to do it here alright guys you
know what to do until tomorrow smile
more okay guys thanks so much watching
my vlog I will make a new one tomorrow
and we'll continue to make them as much
as I possibly can so make sure you
subscribe to this channel for more
