hey guys I'm about to meet up with
Krista and Jake and we're going over to
cici's cafe best food for breakfast type
of food they have like every kind of
pancake and waffle and anything you
could want literally you could put like
cereal or ice cream or anything you want
on it so yeah we could do that but right
now I gotta take AB my lady home i'll
show you my lady she's up run next to me
hey there lady yeah she rides in a car
seat it's her thing right Lola Nora Lola
mrs. Lola you're not gonna turn to how
you just enjoy yourself okay oh there
you are hi
she just fell asleep
she's tired tired little good to see so
let's say thurs don't get fat fat Friday
oh it's Jake Luke and feel it's a
blogging day yeah as you go just get
back from surfing
how will we we're going CC
the menu is gigantic let it go
yes
yeah those are all pancakes there's like
five pages of just pancakes and then it
goes into like waffles eggs and
everything it's insane french toast
which are you pointing at
Jake spilt the cream for the coffee and
it looks like a cat you making fun of me
yes your fair I'm busy apparently
blogging is embarrassing I've already
gotten used to it by now
that's a little baby that's how Cici
does see suits
it's a lot of food I still have a little
bit more
sweet and savory oh it's dope right
we're out on the boat now and we're
gonna have Jake skillet oh you got to
open the ship it monday i am filming yet
and now you're taking forever don't
don't mess it up the washing talk please
let your own the Sun down
good to see you getting scared kid me in
the background put your head over it
take like your pop you want me to do it
nice
never says oh
chips
second bottle of champagne I'm let your
riding okay Jake don't help noise oh I
love trance I'm here taste buds you know
you're the most tender juicy Joyce be
from albertsons number three open every
bottle like that mouth yeah just toss
the door off drop the hit me in the face
so scared of energy we're having oysters
Oh
yes
I ate some part to the shelf good
this has turned out to be more of a buca
food blog than anything for this one I
think yes I'll read more i'm showing you
guys
all the food looks good different kind
of seafood
I'm all about food if it's meant to be
eaten that will eat it especially if
it's good for real like this right now
well utilized a lot I don't take off her
shirt adjust your dick it's really hot
here so I decided to take out the camera
and film me he also don't be in my room
yeah they didn't mean to know that he
would you don't have a sign that says no
cameras own volition think any girl okay
we need to figure out something to do
it's just about midnight and we still
haven't figured out what to do so I
think we're not going to do anything and
we're just gonna let it go home yeah
yeah we're gonna watch some TV and stuff
Rose I hear weird noises go boo boo yeah
I'm playing words with friends well I'll
see you guys on the next vlog be sure to
subscribe to this channel and you can
also check out the link to my main
channel in the description below so
check it out thanks for watching
