hey guys it's the fourth of July and
jaqen as our year and we're setting up
for the party yeah yeah oh the theme of
the party is neon so there will be a lot
of people in neon here the weather is
not amazing right now but it will clear
up it will we just we set up like
makeshift lighting stuff over here black
lights and LED stuff and everything I
still got to get my neon clothes on and
then I think I'm gonna shave all of this
all of my my my bare my bare face yeah
yeah and I'm going to just leave my
mustache and curl it up at the ends
because maybe even a soul patch - he's a
hipster now it's like tribute to my dad
this is like our set up area got
everything here we're gonna need a beer
pong signup and snow cone carton or
everything
there's our pi√±atas we were filling
last night and the bats and our beach
balls will throw off the balcony
I guess when the party is yeah that's
how it happened death I'm gonna shave my
whole face I'm gonna shave my whole face
I'm gonna shave my face I'm just gonna
leave my mustache into my soul patch and
I said that the soul patch was like a
tribute to you
shave I spend much I go cyber do you
like my cyber I grew my people got
things are so bad yeah this is a tiny
sideburn under my bottom lip hi mom
yeah Jackie that's my sister my older
sister and her fiance
that's doc Hollywood he's he runs la him
yeah this is Rami if you guys you'll see
there's a liquor company out now that's
amazing called xB you guys should all
try it it's like a premade better
version of sex on the beach it's like
made with all natural fruits and
everything that's what you should try
but yeah he works for that company and
that's out it was out starting July 1st
so go look for it the Sun is finally out
it's such a nice day we got the jacuzzi
on this is it ended up being it's hot
and it's perfect and I'm gonna go change
now because we have 40 minutes until the
party we're still not fully set up but I
got to get my neons on and shave this
off so this is how it looks before I got
my shave butter I think that's in the
mirror let me show you here ah there it
is shave butter because it's better than
shaving cream from Dollar Shave Club
join it join it I'm going to take it off
goodbye beard goodbye this coming up I
know it looks like I'm not wearing
shaving cream I'm using shave butter
which is completely different and you
can't tell
there but yeah this is this sides
getting pretty clean right now it just
kind of looks I should leave it like
this yeah this looks good it's taking
forever because it like fills up I don't
know if you can see like fills up the
razor with every swipe I take so I have
to like wash it every time but I'm
working on it
it'll get there I am all treatment I'm
done except now I'm trying to figure out
how to curl
besides my mustache maybe I'll use like
hairspray or SIA angela has it is now
complete I managed to curl the stache
got my neons on my knee of short shorts
yeah looking sexy I think the party's
about to start about ten minutes so I'm
gonna go make sure everything's ready
and we're good to go so the party's
going now I think it's going pretty well
here I'll show you guys
okay that's where we got a few different
options about it oh you good okay if you
see you yeah we have a vodka cranberry
electric lemonade margaritas snow cones
and rub snow cones like I told you guys
how's the gun let's go hon where's your
drink I'm gonna grab a drink in a second
I think I could draw a moustache like
you yeah I like this this mustache makes
me manly dad you were a lot of guns
oh you need to be in even the puppies
like the party and I'm watching me buy
my little sister Riley and this is
Jackie it's good it's good
you can't yep it's it's real Wow
again see this this is mr. Hoffman week
of sunshine or Thor he works inside life
as well you guys know my favorite play
for sunshine I don't give a fuck don't
wanna give robots have a drink
I'd say it's a decently sized right it's
good I think it's a success you know I
got these here that I'm ready to throw
those over I'll start throwing
let's throw
through another one they're gonna think
well this is good stuff so many another
one let's go this way the behemoth let's
see ah I can't even film and hold at the
same time hey is it my behemoth ball
right there that's all the beach balls
now I'm going down to head to the party
Jake and I are gonna set up the pinata
and now the first pinata they're gonna
take a shot and then on the back they
have to spin around four times wait for
or that we should do ten a vehicle I
think we're gonna want to do it maybe a
little five five five
okay take a shot five five spins and
then one hit one hit one another the
next person so everyone gets a little
chance
sounds good to me now you got it
okay max take your shot
okay he hit me in the side of the head
he got me in the side of the head
rubber ducky
I'm just saying this is a Schnee it
might be our last 4th of July because I
might die in China but if it is Alice
you know I love you okay the party's not
done but it's a kind of a mess already
there's like bottles everywhere
it's such a mess I gotta clean up I
really don't want to the neighbors
yelling at us right now to turn off the
music it's about 10 o'clock
wait is it like 10:30 it's 11
sorry it's 11 I'm fourth of July I guess
I'll turn it off I mean most people have
left it's just a big mess now so I'll
turn it off because she's yelling
through the bushes that she's gonna call
the cops I don't want to deal with that
so I'll turn off the music I guess I'm
taking over Alex's vlog I don't know
what's safe but we're just chilling here
at the end of the party Jake's been
tricky yeah Brandon's about to leave
town for for a while
so he's not gonna be able to help but
hopefully Jake and Angela will be able
to help it Luke and yeah so few people
have offered to come back and help me
clean this so that's good see look even
when I walk like stuff on the grass
everywhere trash and stuff all the way
out there there's a lawn chair up there
I don't know what happened apparently
this was a really good party where's
your shirt
I do lose your shirt yeah no matter what
event we're at Richard always ends up
without a shirt hello hi I'm Richard and
I lose my shirt no matter what event
we're at yeah Richard lose not lose just
even even if he doesn't lose it he ends
up water shirt it's uh it's the end of
the party
everyone's got home except for the
people that can't drive home they're
sleeping downstairs so we're all too
tired and worn out to clean up tonight
the mess is gonna be terrible tomorrow
I'm not gonna edit this tonight and I'm
not gonna do anything when I go to sleep
then you guys could see what's left in
the morning which will be everything I
came down here this morning expecting to
see the full mess and a lot of people I
guess while I was sleeping
cleaning up a little I mean how much
you're still like undefeated see it's
like little pieces all over the floor
and like that but you saw last night
this was all filled so I mean a lot of
people did a good job see I'd have
respectful friends who clean up even
while I'm sleeping I'm gonna go get
breakfast I think this is this is
goodbye for now
I'll see you guys in the next vlog
