except guys we got a I'm having a 4th of
July neon party so I'm with somebody
yeah we're going into well we need
something neon this oh yes we do close
this for a start okay no more no what Oh
Oh would you red white and blue
wait Jake Jake can't get white glow
sticks this looks like lights white glow
sticks bro no not you can't like
literally can't why can't I
people tell Alex that he's wrong and
they even get so maybe we should do
colors it's still look like all we're
who gets a white look I understand red
white and blue red glows
it's a glow stick who cares because it's
listed okay I can't reach that right I
could jump on this but I think they'd
get mad at me no just
just to I can't reach that but Jake you
got hops iced I don't trying wider than
you'll ever know
try almost give it your clothes just hit
it back no don't step on the Shelf Jake
yeah yes I got it
okay do you guys have actually an extra
one of these about you
it's about to come out we think about
getting like a pinata that glows in
blacklight it does white and I got
rocket ship that has an American flag on
it we could do that not we could do that
that okay play one of them okay you can
choose can you jump and get that one
they know that says see associate
assistant persistence well what about
the other ones that all say see
associate or sister no I'm not title
what other ones you could jump huh
pirates all right here do you want to
beat you want to beat a little boy they
have a little boy pinata think you're
supposed to break open it's gonna do
because you declared a spaceship new
core and rocket ship but do it the small
one or the big one tiny in the big one
oh let's get the unicorn all right and
then the spaceship over there
there you go Jake
this one that one this one oh yeah thank
you
I think we're good we just need to get
the black light right and candy
it's awesome in here candy oh my god
Jake actually has an addiction to like a
bad addiction to candy there's been a
while where he has been good but I mean
this is actually serious where I've
gotten his car and I'm like Jake what's
this I'm between the seats
I find empty wrappers and it's almost
like a drug problem but it's candy I
love candy so much what do we get like
just like it
we need to fill it with rubber duckies
completely filled with rubber duckies I
don't know how about we should we should
make it so that it's a special price
whoever can get you know there's only
like five per per pinata Oh Robert and
what's the prize if they get a rubber
ducky they get a rubber ducky that's the
price very people's okay okay let's get
rubber duckies
we're in Walmart right now this is my
first time in coal mine it's actually
Jake's very first time in Walmart it's
just he says it just he says just as bad
as it thought it was yeah I bought a
sno-cone cart not here I have it at the
house I'll show you guys later on in the
video but I got to get snow cone flavors
so we picked two flavors for the party
we picked blue very tough food it's not
even focusing doesn't matter we picked
we picked blueberry typhoon and Lana
virus and then basically those we
figured two flavors are good mix some of
it with some rum or something like some
spiked snow cones
yeah but yeah we got to get like cool
stuff and everything I bought like ten
beach balls at hardy City for no reason
other than our like beach balls but
we're going to we got to go find a place
that has pool stuff oh they might have
it here let's go check how they do this
we get noodles noodles we're gonna get
new animals I don't know if we should
animals I don't know what to get noodles
okay no we'll get noodles noodles always
end up destroyed after a party which is
totally fine how much are these dollar
eighty eight yeah a dollar eighty eight
for these ones and I'm 388 for the
animal Oh
let's get these yeah Oh cheap but
they're cheap they're good you can smack
other people with it win win win we're
out on my boat now it's just a Jake
Brandon Richard nine four dudes hanging
out about the lake yeah it's like the
Titanic see you guys should do the
Titanic everyone's so friendly sunset
right now is really sick check this out
here let it let it focus
not were you just so cool is it a public
bang room it's a public thing gazebo
we're going down the alleyway
so it's night for me yo yo yo
that's a bang gazebo but that's a way
you park your boat up there and then you
just have a Quaker Richards trying to be
all discreet when he pees I don't roll
for YouTube Richards gonna make it okay
he's in
oh there was a lady on a deck she's so
bad II know we're totally getting
reported hey no good thing we don't have
a boat name we're being followed by
security right now he's definitely
coming here to us Brandon just slow down
hold on check this up oh no no he's
passing he's just staring at us keep
reading
that's gay he's just staring at us he's
gone he's gonna pass Oh
like why you scare the diaper just go
behind Jake you guys can sit on the same
skateboard yeah just go hug my name is
my legs are straight yeah maybe you guys
should interlock legs
like rave about thanks thanks ruined it
what you pee let me pee what yeah kitty
I don't stand here while you guys pee
you guys walk back I don't let you guys
stop it
let's leave him alone right let's leave
him alone just had to pee okay I told
you guys earlier in the video that I had
gone out and bought a sno-cone cart
that's why we were getting the syrup
stuff for it so check out this cart that
I got pretty cool yeah it's a like
old-fashioned snow cone cart type of
thing that'd be pretty cool but yeah
that's what we got the snow cone stuff
for and I think what time is it right
now it's 2:30 in the morning so I think
we're gonna call it a night I'm going to
do some editing for this and then I'll
see you guys on the next log okay make
sure you subscribe so that you could see
all the vlogs as they get posted that
branding
