Brandon I'll go to sonlife I was gonna
take a shower then we can go yeah okay
so my roommate Brandon just came
upstairs to inform me that my parents
are here normally that would be okay but
we kind of have like a little party
thing last night and it's a mess and my
dad mom hate messes so I got to clean
that up before they go in that part of
the house
or else I'm gonna get a spanking yeah
they're definitely here because the
doors open and the music is on so we're
going to go here just clean up a little
first hey that means just like it's not
- that's terrible right Brandon are you
going to the bathroom that's my roommate
Brandon for this dead letter reaches
cookies Richards Oh
Richard's cookies okay we got multiple
bags all right multiple should we take
this after that I'll see you but we
cleaned up the table stuff kind of clean
oh I'm bumping into walls to try to look
in this camera okay
here this one goes in the recycle in
this one trash
we just finished cleaning so let's see
if my parents are here now it's like oh
I didn't know you guys here that's how
you should play it off but then they
still come in that part of the house and
they're like oh it's so dirty I'm like
no it's clean now Riley
I'm um is it just you here it's dad here
- where's that good huh okay
why won't you do me a favor I was
looking at new store
yeah I'm looking away that that's
attached right yeah and then this or
what you're somehow right yeah do you
know it goes back in that circle thing
do you know do it I don't try well I had
to put the screws back in I know so I
got the screwdriver here are you filming
me I'll try it I can't get it it's
supposed to go like at an angle and I
can't get it to turn because the door
has to fit next - I'm sweating like if
you're up here you'd see so I need a
handyman Oh baby oh oh wait if I turn it
pull up I'm fall what happening well how
I suppose I have to open it oh it was
kind of working but has to be pushed all
the way up wait let me see what happened
yeah no it just has to be like get back
in well I mean oh yeah I'm not
yeah I build things but don't fix them
all right yeah okay my mom says that my
dad is working out in the gym here
because he likes it here let me say hi
hi I'm vlogging I have a new channel
it's a blog challenge you got one I got
it Jewish um okay I would go back
downstairs alright I don't want to be
honest okay all right
he doesn't want to be on it here look
this way fill stuff where I filled all
my stuff oh geez
Richard was back last night that's why
we drew him is he here yeah please I
hear right now Richards one of my best
friends that moved to Shanghai he was
there for five months and now he's back
for ten days before he goes back so he
was here last night you'll meet him it's
really nice out here today look with the
ocean out there
branded how he's inside let's go walk
we're gonna meet Jake look at Angela
like at Sun Life and then the lease
Walker yeah okay cool let me get my key
did your parents realize that the house
was a complete mess no 409 t put all the
dishes in the dishwasher cleaned up
everything and sat down like nothing
happened but the thing is now that we're
vlogging if they watch this they know
exactly that what happened didn't
realize though vlog it gets you into
trouble oh hello going on are you coming
here to pick up Chad's car exactly did
you drink last night and leave your car
me or him him well no you were driving I
remember
Oh Jacob a your shirt should I know
they're almost as good as Alec about
this is Angela Jake's girlfriend
Spanky no not my bad we're about to go
walk down to sonlife and then get Lily's
birthday man for sure thank you oh yeah
that's a great thing
do you remember our streak last night
yeah that's what the mess this room that
we clean up in yeah well y'all have fun
I guess we might see you guys later what
yeah Richard didn't wake ya he's away
Eli
you made it we made it you might come
out to the beach yeah he's like I'm
gonna be a feature like 11 o'clock what
is it like 130 130 okay
can you give me a piggyback ride yes it
looks like you're asking me you looked
into me
Jason no you give you a figure back
right no we're gonna go get so laughs
which is my favorite I get it every day
organic smoothies Jesus everything dude
I'm having a little more Alex's favorite
place yeah Sunday so that
as it good kid
Tami's putting up those photos as crime
photos
well that's a private event that I put
the photo up yeah but that's it you
invited yeah I am doing my job so that's
what blogging is so happy it used to
doing it public hello is recording I'm
not taking a picture how do you feel
awkward now
it has coffee good yeah it's really dry
permission shut have you had pieces of
cereal do you like bees love cereal it
doesn't look it
perfect I don't have to one of those too
well actually it has
I have go huh his head milk we have made
from marijuana ah yes you can you tip
your neck I am web started a new blog
channel yeah I'm already oh it's okay
I'm going to it's really hot out I'm
summer
I'm going to do I do a strawberry peach
that's really what I do like time for
the guy who gets a parrot martini in
paradise code wasn't a martini it was a
mango jalapeno margarita and a pirate
going okay I'm gonna enjoy my protein
shake will you enjoy your little
smoothie yeah
yeah
being on my legs I started a new vlog
channel what what on YouTube
it's just Alex and of love rather than
just algebra
well they're not watching right the
second satellite yeah oh I'll pay you
later yeah
oh look I keep filming you really it's a
fire
what is so I think Brendan's going to
deal worries but lilius said it was
going to be a 40-minute waiting for made
out so we're not going in there maybe we
can stop reading I'll go to duck dive
yeah I just saw my parents go to sonlife
some of it
see them oh I don't want to be on the
block you're not getting sunlight I was
gonna get something to eat
is it food there well we're gonna go to
duck dive we're gonna
you can join us where you work and with
the Jacob Angelina a lot Freddy wanted
Lily so right no we all wanted really
but it's a 40-minute wait for one thing
yeah
hurry up cash
Hey
okay you would go a close so now
Richards here a kay Ling Ling he's back
for ten days from Shanghai Metro that's
it he is American yeah America but look
we just man where's it
Oh why he's angry I know it's gonna look
at his horn on the bottom how do you
know that
wait would you yeah it has the horn is
that poop is a his poop is it Angry Inch
it is poop its pooping that's what that
black thing is in the buttom everybody
poops we're at Summa Beach have a beach
day got boards we got a buoy board we
took the Beast here it's my top but up
yeah Jake and Angela are already they
already got stuff they want to wait for
us to get our boards of stuff fits again
that's a lady
what am i doing
we're filming you yeah here's music I
know he's like baby soft skip I'm like a
hero I'm really smooth you guys just
letting you know see my arm here's but
uh look at how he's played you just get
relaxed I did bring I brought my GoPro
so that I could take it in the water
just come with us in the water yeah
we're gonna go I want to put on sunblock
I don't wanna get burned oh yeah
I burned a lot yeah come join us in the
water it's not terrible it's pretty cold
I mean it's Malibu beach weather that's
what it is oh say hit me the face
boogers we're jumping around the water
it's that good - ugh
yes glances in the beach what it's hard
to pee are you tearing out ready now you
can read it's peeing right now we're
leaving the beach now just uh Zuma
headin to the car we're gonna shake
shake that booty shake shake shake your
booty shake the boat oh yeah heading
back to the house now
yeah you try the paper for me it's happy
okay another why did yellow well no this
is this is the end of today creation the
end at all good night all well I don't
know if they could've watching this at
night but good night for you yeah three
three the wedding too late yeah yeah we
just got back from her friend's birthday
thing I didn't do much vlogging there
obviously because you haven't seen
footage from it so yeah we're out
goodbye Jacob bye alright now I'm just
going to put all the footage from today
together and you guys will already be
watching what I did because I'm about to
do it so I hope you guys enjoy this I'm
going to try to do it as often as
possible
and feel free to give your feedback in
the comments below and if you haven't
already subscribe because without you
guys it's going to be hard for me to
keep doing this with
watching so subscribe so that you see
all these and yeah and also you can go
to my main channel where I actually have
my produced shorts and collaborations or
whatever I do there this is just my
vlogging of what I do throughout my life
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
