hey guys I've been getting a few
questions from you guys on YouTube and
on Twitter about what I do in my
everyday life so I figured I would
dedicate a channel to vlogging which is
this channel Alex Bendele vlog so thank
you guys for checking it out you should
subscribe I'll be doing vlogs as often
as I can for the car okay I'll be doing
vlogs itself as I can they won't be like
you know my normal produce shorts or
collaborations or anything these will
all be real involve my real friends
where I live what I do so if you guys
are interested in actually knowing what
I what Alex Mandel does on a daily basis
I don't know if I'll be doing it daily
but throughout my weeks I'll be posting
these videos as often as I can so be
sure to check it out and let me know
what you think in the comments down
below and you feel free to ask questions
and I'll make videos to answer them I'll
see you guys soon
