hey guys well done hey hey guys it's a
new day today and we we're going
somewhere
we're going on a trip we're going on a
road trip like a lot of adults do and
you know this time what time is it I
don't know we're going to Vegas we're
going so we're waiting on cam and Riley
now they got to come I just rented this
car because we are actually driving a
rental car so that we can fly back at
the end of the weekend because no one
wants to try back hungover yeah we
thought it'd be cool if you like a
little road trip there cheaper and we'll
make a few stuff along the way yeah and
we have some things plan yeah
we're officially at the halfway point we
have arrived to the halfway point
enemies were in Barstow and it's so cool
yeah it's it's the battle station
missing I didn't know what to say it's
cool it's really cool
this is Barstow station have a bunch of
stuff inside these train things are
actually McDonald's
any significant all right
he looks like he doesn't want to love
you come here I'll give you like an oven
or something all these different turkeys
which one you turn Pataca that's the
spiciest tell me hotter
hi Linda yeah yeah after we get some
food we should get some weapons that's a
great idea they have weapons here we're
not making another stop along the way we
are now primitive out of this Buffalo
Bills
we gotta ride this roller coaster it's
always been tradition whenever we've
driven to Vegas just since I was young
even my family or anything like that we
always stopped off here at Buffalo Bills
to do the roller coaster they also have
a long ride and something that we get
all the stuff done before we finish our
journey good luck it is running we
didn't think it was running we did he
was running but it's just we thought
running with one person on it they were
having a blast they were loving it yeah
but it is a really good roller coaster I
like the log ride goes through the
casino to put it fun fact it is red this
was the tallest and fastest roller
coaster in 1996 reaching speeds of 90
miles an hour this country is like a
real coaster
Oh going up
oh my god oh my god how is that ladies
oh my god oh my god there we go
I just gotta tell you right away we did
not believe me when I said he's never
been on it so I told him it was super
intense you want to give you want to
give some feedback doesn't stem on to
peer level
and it was like health producer who was
running with the other god yeah we were
going on this stuff like before you went
on it
Angeles like him he had a smooth no it's
just like only roll shows every almost
lost my GoPro I'm like quite abs are
actually store for like tightening up
the blog too
all right oh you don't get wet girl you
don't get real wet just hang over the
side of peace oh oh my god we're already
at the drop already it was amazing we
made it he's gonna shoot really no no
you cover your ears of Iceland Caribbean
we're back in the casino
nothing moving you know I haven't
feeling yeah I was saying before of you
to shoot so these like yellow things
there you shoot these but they don't
have the laser gun things anymore so now
I was like oh so now you just take the
ride without shooting and you just use
it as like a logging slide this relaxing
let a man take a stroll down the river
yes are you putting it
none of them shoot no no not okay just
get it oh my god this is so scary right
here whoa whoa whoa oh my god and that
guy doesn't have like oh my god lady
wait now
lady I know lady no lady no lady lady
lady lady like in the protection of the
roof I know that nothing on here is like
really powered on but for some reason
that scared the hell out of both of us
anyway guys this log ride is done we're
coming in welcome back shall we continue
on to Vegas
we are still stopped at the hotel we
actually pulled up to the front because
cam lost his phone somewhere while we
were on the roller coaster he didn't
know if he left it in the car or if it
fell out somewhere and he thought it was
in his pocket turns out it was in his
pocket and it did fall out but we just
we thought someone stole it we didn't
know what happened like wasn't turning
on yeah I just had to call it there is
like the Glen changes like oh no what's
going on and finally like we've been
here for why we're ready to leave Riley
already came back you got it like it but
it turns out that it fell off the roller
coaster I don't know maybe our beds
Libby's man there it is you can see it I
don't know it's hard to
hey hey there you go you can see it so
it has it's been like a panic oh my god
flew out of the roller coaster but the
screen is not cracked the screen is not
cracked and it's just it's just that one
hundred feet like well I mean you know
when they're having the bending problem
now you could say that it bends if it
flies out of a roller coaster and the
screen on the crack we are here
goodbye rental car everyone take a bite
oh oh oh look where we are
is that a spectacle chance
what look at you look at you you're on
the screen what is yeah
are we doing it oh yeah I'm gonna get
some look at that you have to wait for
like eight hours yes
are you getting some - yeah I'm talking
about you know I'd be like family so
much that maybe you can fix up look at
the way I speak I'm like most excited
right now reach and get your cycle
we are here we have made it
Oh taking out those Mexico honey dougie
it does not funny it doesn't smell good
they had like a I honestly look like my
sunglasses that I have off you actually
look good though it looks like mine yeah
I'm glad I don't know like I really I
was thinking about the red wires leave I
didn't have purple hair I would have
gone for the rest that's like too much
color on my face I think they look good
the people in the comments is how you
look at this way yeah tell me I look
pretty we are so excited to do what
we're about to do you guys have seen
Andrea and I do this already in San
Antonio we actually did it two nights
that we were in San Antonio new era set
Matt took us we're upset upset we're
obsessed the only thing I was instead
about his little houses in LA and what
we were referring to is top girls Las
Vegas what Oh
go where's a gun you got yellow look
you've got yellow hey that's all you do
I gotta clean it you actually did
amazing and you were like wait I don't
like all the way that way yeah you did I
have more faith in you than you do
listen up ladies
oh my god they are bringing us another
bottle and we are just about done with
that first one you guys haven't gotten
the drug blog in a while but I think
Vegas allows oh yeah happy I may be
coming you have to know is Isis like a
hat god I look like a cello lighting
yeah anyway we're getting another bottle
we're gonna have a good time weird Vegas
we're allowed to oh no we're gonna
regret this Oh
regardless other bottle oh oh
whoa oh my god oh that's awesome
ooh but it's a new day
yeah what do you do have to have a whole
night of drinking room service but you
get more alcohol while we eat our food I
think we're gonna wrap it up because we
gotta set yourself a new day today and
with new adventures a whole new fun
stuff actually a series on a voluntary
basis no we had a trek yeah today is our
check so today we will have a full day
in Vegas and do for the fun stuff and
you guys will see that tomorrow so on
that note we will see you guys again
soon goodbye
we live in the
can I
