oh yeah work it work it work it no the
cleanest hey guys is the new day today
is a brand new day I'm already excited
because I got a call from Color Me Mine
I don't know if you guys remember but a
few blogs ago we went and painted pizza
she painted a teapot and I painted a
heartbeat it was technically a pug like
clay ting but but I made Harvey yeah
he's Harvey baby yeah so we had to go
pick it up today and see what they look
like
here we go oh they're on top I'm on top
what I feel like is gonna look really
bad I mean just about okay I think it
was daddy what's really cool I feel like
it looks different than what the uh no
it's cool it's like on where I want to
be inside kick see it looks so different
than it did wasn't it
no yeah it looks different than the one
that I did I picked up this top the
chart thingy I don't think so yeah I
think it looks good you last be Harvey
oh it looks like his painting or like
his coloring yeah the black really like
shows through X I couldn't do like the
dark lines here but it showed through
pink is little light shit doesn't why
that's the eyes he's still super high
he's like so I like this this orange was
like super light and I was like huh no
but you could kind of attorney with
brindle yeah yeah got a little white
butt spot he has like friend
yeah I like its face it's it really like
shows Harvey I think that's good we had
no idea what we were going to be doing
today and randomly I don't wing it
yes I get it I do get it you guys are
going to get in this like a clue because
my dad was like oh I have a show that
I'm doing in Laughlin just for tonight
after back same night be back tonight
because he's got America's Got Talent
tomorrow he's like we got a few extra
seats if you guys want to come
we thought maybe just go for like dinner
and Laughlin on a jet yeah let's go the
system
my buddies hanging out
Oh
my is the right
in the comic
we're breaking free now wherever we go
you
notice it's warm here it is warm I you
know I really didn't need ugly jacket
but I was cold at the time oh my god I
years or not unpause word ah so we've
been having problems with our battery
it's like holy times and it just died
and so right now we have officially
switched from our vlog camera to and I
thought because we can't charge it right
now while we are in Laughlin okay we'll
make you an OB guy like it I don't think
it looks that bad I think it looks fine
I hopefully I'm not covering the mic I
don't really I don't do this
here we are though Laughlin actually
think because I have this phone it will
do just fine you know friend while we
were in Canada did this go right hand
yes well not burst coming back really
cold in here and I left my jacket on the
plane with everyone that you kind of
need to bring your own big jacket they
say that it was an outdoor man outsole
you got very good game could have had a
couple days tomorrow
good night everybody
yeah bulb in my head and everything now
I can laugh at you
we're back you enjoy it now we didn't
get to going for that you know there you
go oh no no LOL oh hey weary walks in
life and I did say no yes I don't know
why wait why I say no I didn't I got
nowhere like evening back in LA we're
back committed was hired Utah I know
you're sleeping in the plane I know I
thought out tonight
we are back home now and that's cause
Quicken it's so cool to be able to sleep
be somewhere else and then like be back
yeah and now we're home and now we can
charge camera oh yeah we definitely
charge okay but I but she was sleeping
the plane I was like I'm tired too she's
tired I think we just need to go to bed
while we charge the camera and then
continue because even if you guys like
the quality of this phone and things are
working out it's actually much more
difficult than I thought it would be
with this phone just even holding it
wise and everything it's not like this
is that ideal like if you guys ever
needed to vlog and you're like I have a
phone but I don't have a camera totally
work but I would prefer to use my camera
we're into a new day I hope that this
battery is working is already dying my
back I think it's just a problem with
the battery and the hammer is dying and
everything just it's all going crap
anyway today we are down right now at
3rd Street Promenade because today is
the LA Marathon so everyone's finishing
right here that's where the finish line
is and there's a ton of people we just
came to check it out Andrea and I saw
that they supposedly put our game into
puzzles ooh let's go see if they have it
look at the house like a pink wall game
it looks like a pretty pretty cool game
like this on myself how do you play this
so you play it in there's a whole bunch
of different cards and yeah has its
challenges on them so one for example if
you put a card on top of a glass and
whoever can blow it off the glass with
their mouth garden will get like the
point okay sounds like an excuse you
don't like it
I think and then I like I like that guy
on the box though yeah you like him but
you don't like him yeah I mean this is
good
I know if you gonna back the box yeah
but another way that you clearly it is
you can like write down like sentence
isms or whatever on a piece of paper
like pull them out of a hat playing the
team so one person one team has to put
in the mouth guard try and say it and
you get a fix on the scene I think Dylan
gets one yeah I actually I dunno fun
fact about this game what is it that's
my face Oh
they must be fun really feel amazing I
just did that feel like also I close I
okay Zig love you oh oh oh
hustle
here's Charlie easy like my little
bourbon I just thought it was like I
thought it was with a lot less of a
polymer base that's a lot let's see no I
don't think you see it it's wet it's wet
this is like water through my can even
wipe it off we got your faces
Ted you want yes please yeah I guess
there's no way
okay I am so sorry for spraying you okay
I didn't mean I didn't mean every base
when I getting back yeah I think you did
meaning for my face maybe anyway I never
said that is all we got for you for
today we got to go figure out this
camera situation because it's not like
Emma coos is not working so trying to
get another camera I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and I think that's all
so we will see you guys again - goodbye
here they are shamrock shit it is only
reason you please direct link into my
spindle hey Shrek - the new shake Cheers
