hey guys it's a new day today and I am
taking her somewhere very cool I've
never been here before well I came to
the later ones but I've never been to
this yeah what we're referring to as
America's Got Talent she's never been to
the audition part of it she's been to
the live shows so I know it's so bright
right now but we are going to the
auditions and it was so much fun I'm so
excited I'm really happy Agent P is back
so we got a good day
oh yeah look at all the people there's
so many people up there other people how
many people what do you think my god you
look like Harry Potter I thought this
joke but it wasn't on camera so I took
it now is your damn nose one substitute
and you're live from here I am hi from
behind the scenes at American power
oh I favor head for two million years
can awesome we're going to say that
everywhere so you have to do it yeah
Simon hi it is miles and we did we go
walking everything all the time sure the
weather we're in Santa Clara
we're heading out now we just finished
the show we can't get too much blogging
during the show they don't want anything
recorded yeah we can yell that yeah yeah
maybe my dad fired I don't know
something like that
this time for us to head back to our
neck of the woods we're back in our area
now and I am feeling so sick yourself so
stuffed up doing I feel so sick I can't
breathe out of my nose so you know what
I'm sorry it's like I don't want
everyone thinking that like I'm tired or
angry or something or like I'm not happy
I just don't feel well so if I seem a
little down
that might be why but we're going to get
me some soup so that well at me I'm
hungry too yeah I am too but it's mostly
about themself it yeah get your soup now
oh yeah like the best job ever good
read that it was a super 90 that's not
pretty but it's clearing over side a
little bit
would you get Big O like coconut water
Oh an egg roll she thick and I'm on a
tropical vacation already finished it
tail it you just look sick right now
like not in like a bad way but just like
well what are you doing on this couch
what do you think you could go what is
it ever okay - you know I'm just hanging
out coming down here Harvey
yeah you're not supposed to be on the
couch you know that tiny TV comedy
Harvey as soon as this camera turns off
Harvey I'm taking you down no we don't
good boy that's where you could stay
Harvey yeah I can't like I know
something I can't even pull it out what
what I can't actually I'm gonna pop it
your job mission as what I does we were
originally going to go out and do some
more stuff but she is not feelings
undergrad yeah so we actually just went
on Instagram live to ask some of you
guys what do you think we should do and
someone actually mentioned a shamrock
shake it's that we should try to make
one but she was like what is the
shamrock shake animation rotate for
excuse me what was that everyone was
saying it was like boy wait wait wait
wait and I know that some of you guys
may not know which actually it's
probably worldwide because for those you
don't know it's the special edition
shake at McDonald's it's not even that
it's amazing it's just like a no vain
you just need to like try and like know
that she was like well we should go get
once I could finally try it and not be
out of the loop on this yeah and you
guys need to see me try my first camera
shake and I'm also going to get nugget
McDonald's is the country it's really
nice like Donald yeah it's like I'm
clapping it Donald Santa my gosh let me
just give you guys a little disclaimer
here this is in no way
sponsored by McDonald's this was simply
an idea that you guys came up with some
of you guys came up with on the
Instagram fly that's why we're doing it
there it is the shamrock shake really
like a thing but I know it's all over
it is Oh Oh got it over here why you
even have them here they are
damn Rock shit if we directly can
survive in delicious
Shrek to the new shake cheer how it's
meant yeah oh yeah
I wonder and we still didn't he did
fries did you guys do that I don't
actually even do that I don't know why
I'm saying that he mentioned minty fries
oh I get it I know I dip fries and a
vanilla shake still doing it oh that is
great
I know a guy Oh
I don't know what's going on on that
right now
I was looking really painful you I might
be helping but don't do that I think
it's here do it no no no no you are sick
you were going to get children sick if
you go and touch it
Andrea's feeling super crappy now so
she's actually over on the couch
watching TV and I told her I was going
to go get something but I actually want
to make her something special but I know
that she likes I'm gonna heat er up some
water but I'm not making her a tea well
kinda I'm actually making her wasn't
called a hot toddy
it's a cocktail I know what you're
thinking like why am I giving her
alcohol she's sick but I'm telling you a
hot toddy really like I mean it really
helps you with your sick you can look it
up and there are many many things that
will back up my claim to make it you
need the hot water you need its bourbon
honey and lemon juice and I know this is
Tennessee whiskey and it's honey I like
to use the honey bourbon actually just
like American honey I ran out of
American honey but this fun facts right
here is that Jack Daniels technically is
a bourbon because
bourbon is made with 51% or more core
and Jack Daniels is they however called
it Tennessee whiskey because they
believe that marketing-wise is easier to
sell Tennessee whiskey than it is to
sell bourbon to a younger generation
we'll start with an ounce of the
Tennessee whiskey about two teaspoons of
lemon juice a tablespoon of honey we'll
finish it off with hot water about a
quarter cup
give this a nice stir there you have a
hot toddy lady I made you something it's
not to use the hot toddy I know if I
made you one taste it make sure it's
okay it's good right
anyway are you pista you don't get a hot
toddy you you see a semi honey I know
you love margarita
Harvey is always trying to get into
people's alcoholic drinks I don't know
what it is I think that Harvey was an
alcoholic in a past life because anytime
someone leaves a glass down if it's a
normal liquid it's less he doesn't
really care if it's alcohol he will try
to get at that shit I don't know how
much more we could do because you're not
seeing it up I was so sorry we still
want to get a vote out for you guys but
I'm like this thing is I've been in like
a really long time well we'll take care
of you think you're fucked girl was hot
Tottie it make me like eight of these
those who mean everything so I got sick
and with a hangover like oh dear the Sun
without why you throwing up you like it
hot daughter yeah anyway I'm only making
her this one if there's any more she's
having it's not her but on that note
that is all we got for you for today I'm
going to go ahead and make sure she's
feeling good get her some soup or
something and we'll see if we're going
to vlog tomorrow no depends on how you
feel yeah we'll see we'll see but
regardless we might I don't want to
promise and then then you know break
your promise yeah
yeah I don't wanna lie to you guys so we
will see you guys again soon goodbye I
don't know how we did it but we have
completed the mini grilled cheese look
at that
