mr. Harvard Oh baby oh do you want to
you I miss you too oh you smell good
hey guys it's a new day today and I'm so
excited we got mr. Harvey we got to pick
up mr. Harvey so bad we are back in LA
now and we are back to LA vlogs so let's
have ourselves a good day a hot day a
haunted day things are gonna aid him
that's got your bad
you you ridiculous oh oh you're like a
turtle okay you got it
before we head out of the apartment I
brought something back from Canada that
I want Andrea to try something that I
have always seen in Canada but I love
and she has never tried which is ketchup
chips there are at their actual really
good what it is that guy's face ah yeah
ChaCha have yeah that's good right
we are colonel I'm walking down third
Street what oh you like bubbles she
likes bubbles anyway
we are heading to the end of nursery
where asserted of Tom yes we have
something we want to try I'm gonna try
to do today yeah yeah we did a lot of
shopping for her she bought some stuff
he's a homeless guy throwing up over
there yeah it's just amazing we got
everything that we needed from Sir Lata
hopefully and now we got to fuel up with
some Pinkberry
oh you to get about I'm sorry I'm even
think about the presentation with vlog
selfish okay weird vod's now Andrea you
want to help no I'm I'm vlogging just
here here take this
don't worry it got this for you in this
okay perfect
now just go take that up to the front
I have to man the camera she's got to
carry everything you're doing a great
job maybe even like a pat on the back
will help her there we go
you like push it out there we go you got
it okay what we are about to do is we
are going to make homemade real cheese
okay I know that sounds pretty lame
right there but we are gonna make
homemade mini grilled cheese which is so
not so not lame but I'm not done there
lady I'm not done lady we are going to
make our own mini loafs of bread that we
could use for mini grilled cheese
what now lady crazy right this was
actually in directly inspired by another
youtuber by the name of jenna is Eric
I'm gonna show you why we thought of
this on Jenna's Instagram we saw this
which was a mini grilled cheese except
she's just using like it like a little
already made like piece of toast thing
that cheese hasn't even melted Jenna
what the hell now yours was great Jenna
but we're gonna make a real mini grilled
cheese yeah Oh Harvey do you hate this
he hates this oh no oh no he's about to
step out of the back
he looks miserable you supposed to be an
Ewok do you love it let's take it off we
have all of our ingredients here that
we're gonna use for the bread the soup
is not for the bread by soon but she
just added the yeast into here now we're
gonna add the sugar and let's add that
sugar we have the sugar and the yeast in
there we're gonna add the milk
at this point we just keep adding flour
until we add all of it not all of that
just all the amount that we need
different mixer now because the other
one with we don't want to break that and
it was going to break fire now we're
gonna put it in this bowl in China we
ended up making another one because well
you guys saw that last one well we still
haven't got this look at this that looks
better
oh yeah oh yeah you want to knead it
sure we followed a different bread
recipe just fine on YouTube and this is
already look at that like this is this
is wonderful
we just finished kneading it so now I'm
forming it into this little nice round
ball here and then we are going to let
this one rise look at how much better
nice
this one is while we wait for a winner
to rise let's check out this one what
are you this is gigantic but it's
awfully oh my god it's got black spots
on it
this one has weird black spots in it and
it's just not smooth and it is terrible
yeah yeah anyway I don't think I think
we might just like not use this because
it is what time is it
1250 a night so we don't want to be up
forever so we're just going to wait for
our winner to rise and we will do all
the work with that holding the camera oh
it was just nailing the face with that
we bought molds to make little loafs
like this in this little silicon tray
gently yeah oh wow yeah Andrew just
folded it how we're supposed to with the
seam up and those ends fold it in and
now you turn that you invert that and
put that into one of these molds oh they
look so cute perfect we don't really
know how big we should be making it for
this tray so some of them are taller and
rounder some of them are low and flat
some don't make it to the ends we're
just doing a bunch of different types so
that hopefully at least one will come
out correct these have now raised up as
much as we're going to have the raised
up I hope this turns out okay I believe
like we said some look more perfect
otherwise but so now we have to put them
on a cooling rack we have our two slices
of bread came out perfectly nice and
soft in the middle
and our little cheese here so I'm gonna
butter up these slices of bread and
we're gonna make ourselves a grilled
cheek just a little on there a little
bit on the top one you can't make a mini
grilled cheese in a big pan so we have a
little I don't know how we did it but we
have completed the mini grilled cheese
look at that and there is some dipping
tomato soup those are two full loaves of
bread over there and our prized grilled
cheese to give you guys a little
perspective whoa just a little grilled
cheese and I have quite a love for tiny
things that I'm actually really
impressed with us like that person was a
fail as ridiculous as it sounds we were
super determined to get this done and it
is now 3:30 in the morning we literally
worked till 3:30 in the morning to make
a mini grilled cheese but we did it we
did it and now I'm gonna sleep yes we're
both gonna sleep because we need to get
our sleep so we can continue blogging
tomorrow we hope you guys enjoyed
watching you guys should definitely try
it I will put a link down in the
description below to our bread recipe
that finally worked which was a YouTube
video so check that out and we will see
you guys again soon goodbye
each time are you Jessica here let me
get it off for you
