hey guys it's a new day today and you
haven't seen me in a while in a long
time
I really I could make excuses but I'm
not going to I'm just gonna say I'm
sorry I will try to upload more and I
know you have no reason to believe that
because of the past but you know that I
there was there were there have been a
lot of things going on like you know
working on my new company that we've
been getting off the ground on am
digital as well as just like mentally I
just wasn't there for for YouTube and I
feel like I've kind of overcome that
recently and been found a new Drive and
a new excitement for it and I could tell
you this all I want doesn't mean you're
gonna believe me but I'm just I
hopefully will be able to prove that to
you I think rather than knocking me down
and throwing out some negativity which
will be easy let's try to be positive
and hopefully some support will keep us
going here I'm always scared to start
this vlog because it's been so long I'm
like how do I bring them a good vlog to
come back from kind of just being absent
without saying anything
hey Kyle you notice anything different
about me I do I do
is it how does it look on me it has I
haven't worn it in a while Seth well I
don't want to say anything cuz the last
time you vlog you didn't put it up
that's true well I don't need I don't
need a performance it's not I actually
you have seen my vlog camera in my hand
all the times that I just don't put the
content up because I don't want people
to see I don't think it's good enough
but today we're gonna make it good
enough this is gonna make it on the
internet we are and this is gonna make
it on YouTube you can now you can say
something and this will break it up go
follow magic Murray on YouTube since I
haven't given you guys like great
content we were trying to think of maybe
some cool times or no or any content yes
I know
okay it's been bad everyone's like they
just are you even a blogger anymore but
we have magic Murray here what up and
and I have an idea just because you are
not normally in LA you normally agus
that's where these bases in Vegas and my
dad is currently at lunch okay so
instead of magic right now do you want
to help me with a prank yeah let's do it
on your dad yeah I I think I have a few
ideas we're gonna we're gonna talk
through them and then you'll see what
we're about to do in a second I love to
prank my dad yeah I've had a beard and
this I could be you I'm gonna be honest
when you put that on a cat looks like I
feel like oh you've been a bad boy you
like that hey whatever works right it's
a new year what I do like is prank you
bye dad he knows that I get into a lot
of trouble and yeah you know sir showing
up is not a rare occurrence so it's a
common thing in your life yes so this
would be just fit right in line with
what normally happens every time yeah so
if we were exciting believable it'd be
me getting in trouble
I can't wait let's guess I'm gonna go
ahead and go in you're gonna go to the
front door I'll text you when everything
seems normal
all right and then we've already worked
out a story you guys will see what we're
gonna be doing today but I think I think
so yeah
all right good luck
well any day Alex any day we're waiting
yeah hi is mr. Mandel there this is
officer stemming mr. mandela's here yes
hi are you a mr. Alex Mandel Alexander
sir you're Alexander Mendel I have a
warrant for your arrest
were you at Catalina Island an area
called Avalon in Marina January 3rd yeah
you know some friends what leave a
warrant I know what it was what is this
about your son he's your son yes it is
he was on some voting trip with a few
friends and I was a Marine over there he
rented a boat and he ran into another
boat without telling anybody we have a
warrant for a hit and ride damages
somebody get hurt it was it was like a
mark mr. Mandel there's $20,000 with a
damage to the gentleman's boat did you
talk to them at all sir did you rent the
boat I did rent a boat and we bumped but
it was there was no damage when I looked
at it look I'm not here for excuses I
have a warrant for your arrest we have
security cameras are you hitting a solo
I can call can I talk to a lawyer no I'm
gonna give you the warrant all right
well I don't know that we have to do we
have to yeah you have to take the one
I'm in you're building something sir
your son hit a boat wait what please sir
please sir
I mean I mean I'm not trying to be gone
irresponsible did you did you hit a boat
I bumped into the side of a bow I would
you leave why would you leave
I when we saw it I bumped along the side
of it and it was I couldn't even see a
mark it's a large mark we can't we deal
why do you why are you involved I can't
we just call the boating company I can
take care of it but we have a warrant
for your arrest the owner of the boat
has already made resting what has
already made a claim on your damages
because you didn't talk to them it's
called a hit and run it's a felony in
this country welcome to America
yeah I think your son's an imposter
actually I think he's a complete
imposter
he's a fake I didn't think he's your son
no do you think he's your son I don't
even think he's your son I didn't think
you're he's your son this is a joke he's
not even your son it's not funny is he
your son okay well I'm not myself see
here you got the coupon for Danny's
surprise shake your hand no no
haha that was so good where the cameras
just one there and one there where oh
the actual camera the big one on the
tripod oh it's yeah that big massive
that's one two yeah it's so real
your worst nightmare
now that the prank is done and turned
out amazing at least I think so that's
hilarious that was very funny you did a
nice job by it's actually very hard to
bring my dad so it's all the hair it's
all it is everything but he puts hair on
people don't know who he is a weird yeah
now you get to do what what you correct
yeah I do
alright so most magicians actually use
cars you know yeah so I'd like to be
different so I thought we use fifty-two
chips and a Pringles can yeah small ones
yeah you know I didn't know that no so
it's gonna fit two cars we use chips you
gotta select a chip you're gonna show me
what chip it is gonna write your name on
the chip when you're mixing chips up I'm
gonna try to find it okay all right you
got that open it up take the top off
like I've got you
do you like Danny potty-mouth - okay
right okay thank you you're right no
tricks today I think we had a good day
at the office today yeah yeah well it's
fun thanks Marie
yeah dad did you have a good time today
no yeah you've been telling me you say
Alex you need to vlog more you need to
vlog more I don't need to be part of it
that's true well I'm gonna head home now
and there will be more vlog soon you'll
see a package has just arrived and it's
not just any package it's actually a
package you guys have seen before
it's the package you love it's a package
I love even more because it means that I
get something good to eat cuz today is
another long sponsored by I know all of
our favourite sponsor cuz this is the
one that you guys show the most love to
and that is hellofresh hello fish you
know we have to do though good to open
it you looks skip oh there you go there
you go Oh what do we get another apron
maybe we should start doing hello fresh
oh my god we are getting a stack of
these blows you that are new here or
maybe you just haven't seen any of my
other hello fresh blogs to know how
amazing they are they sent this box this
recyclable insulated box that keeps
everything nice and cool filled with
goodies it's all like pre-measured
ingredients so that we can make the most
amazing meals ever let us see what they
are offering this week there's my
favorite part well other than eating it
that's fair we have the Carolina
barbecue chicken the balsamic onion
burgers it looks really good oh and
maple glazed pork chops can I guess
you're gonna pick that oh yeah
everything's here shall we get cookin
let's do
I honestly think that was the fastest
one we've ever made
yeah that one was super quick because it
didn't require any oven no but either
way every recipe they have can be
finished in 30 minutes I am so excited
this pork looks so amazing I know not
all of you are meat eaters but you can
still get this oh we are yeah can you
get the meat one and get the veggie
option or you can get the family option
the magic one is obviously no meat all
veggies the family one is just like
perfect recipes that are really quick
easy for the whole family and still
tastes amazing so those are you already
eating oh come on
okay let's try this pork oh do you eat
the pork it yeah I'm gonna try the pork
mm-hm GREENman uh-huh uh-huh don't you
know fresh to answer one of the
questions I saw you guys posted a lot a
lot is like I don't have time I'm never
home I'm at work unlike you so I can't
bottle up pick up making fun of me
saying yeah well you're home to pick up
a package whoa
well you know what you can pick what day
and time Everett you could pick when
this food is gonna come okay so you
could make sure you're home
you're not going 24/7 and they are
completely insulated with like tons of
ice packs and everything so everything
oh yeah so you I mean if it comes in the
morning and you come at night it's still
gonna be frozen and and amazingness in
there so don't worry about that
but to get you started to give you $30
off of your first week of deliveries you
can go ahead and use my promo code which
is Alex Mandel 30 so go to hello fresh
calm and use the promo code Alex Mandel
30 and you'll get $30 off your first
week of deliveries I think this do it
mmm-hmm anyways guys that is all I got
for you for today I really hope you
enjoyed watching I hope you enjoyed the
prank does that was fun and I promise I
will try my best to bring you guys more
vlogs more often a keyword try but
positivity always always helps so anyway
I will see you guys again soon goodbye
