hey guys it's a new day today we are
with my cousin Adam and I'm hungry and
we need to get that eat if you watch the
end of yesterday's what I like have any
yeah we're in the vlog up and everything
good things we do read a course it's
time to eat
time to eat look food it's cold I'm so
like you're using this tonight and you
live yet it is Colin favorite so that
was my favorite Oh what frozen this
we're gonna go eat go to your right
ladies just like Bible no my cousin just
looked it up and it says with the wind
chill it is six degrees Fahrenheit
that's cold
okay fun I'm complaining and I'm being
annoying but it is it is cool - yeah
yeah
I don't know if you guys remember but
what we were in LA I was talking to
Andrea because she has poor circulation
to her feet her hands get really cold I
told her she needs to get like Canadian
song what I was referring to were like
these
like a hawk line yeah yeah
ah
Pichai Union Station and it's the
streetcar oh shit this run and we are at
Ripley's Aquarium Canada where they have
like created shirt I think so that's
what happens in Canada
Oh bless you repent literally sing oh oh
do you a dangerousness cool
I don't know that I know you're scared
the sssss
yup enemy's name
have you seen yet
I know you're scared already but you
want to eat
sure
Lara terrifying
you thought legit no sir
oh no he pulls over hello nothing he no
no he just did that on his own
he does it again he's like flipping
himself over like that's game I kind of
I waited it's related to tick yeah then
it was terrifying back you want that
suck in your blood granite chili this
cool
never been excited Joey's before does it
hurt the shop white-spotted bamboo shirt
yeah just like to stick your fingers on
the back what courses for sharp select
them in a beef jerky jerky gurukuls okay
this one's moving you'd like SQL baby
psycho oh yeah you can see them moving
inside the egg this look was you know a
funner occupation
we're going we're going nope now oh my
god this day whoa we are now into a new
day this is we blacks last night but the
only time we're special friends in the
US no to you two special friends you
guys might know them yeah maybe we
spotted a while oh my god my battery
literally died as we were saying hi to
Pete luckily we were able to plug it in
in his trucks and now we got some
batteries why we got high white I got
some life the light back oh oh this how
low are we gonna get they're taking us
because it is because the weather in
Toronto and it's been a warm pretty you
know hot out here
yeah they're taking us to go get some
ice cream part 1 of 2 whoa holding back
2,000 years
smart to do anything extra like oh dear
I think we will probably need some extra
place yeah here he painted it was crazy
hot chocolate that's for me is like
super burning and then I think I'm done
yeah oh my god I burn marshmallow now
just try to Pisa
are you Jessica here let me get it off
for you thank you
the girls are shopping so we're just
we've got to get comfortable here and
like more specific oh you got me one oh
thank you
oh I don't have this one yes that's the
honey man peach mango yeah man go easy
on us but what what is the other one
called it this cowboy yummy gummy dazzle
yeah she looked at the receipt she goes
yummy gummy gasps into the actual
product what did he send you oh yeah let
me cover guys are coming out well hey it
was super good to see you guys
yeah we need hugs out here we now get to
do something very Canadian that you have
never done never done no and my cousin's
taking us what were you thinking that
we're going to smoke free cookies most
containers I am really skeptical about I
have had pudding and I love poutine and
I'm telling her how good she's afraid
that the fries might be a little soggy
that's in my head like putting gravy all
over fried kind of like me but when you
have good cookie in there Chris you're
going to be really good
moku Tina how do you like your poutine
is the Jesus you look at who it is not
yes they look there you go Josh she did
there's the original the traditional is
you got yeah and then P that we got to
try to triple pork that is the triple
pork routine oh my god having a few
things that is thanks to like I love
Keith what is that secret first I want
what is that
you know I always needed everything you
have a bug is good I'm not a big fan oh
I'm sorry I drop back and not about I
just cool and now you try this one let
me triple cork okay I mean this is a
family go wrong
and I'm fascinated maybe just to let you
this note okay guys we are back in the
room doll and you know I know that I'm
going to get get crap for being like I
don't like your guys's like staple food
but like it said it was just simple
that's it yeah it was she has a very
complex palate it was good I didn't just
like it it was just you know I don't
like soggy fine like I knew I wasn't
going to like it yeah because of the
soggy fries
sheshu said that before him yeah anyways
guys that is all we forgot for you we
are leaving Toronto tomorrow morning so
we'll be headed back to LA for head back
to LA vlogs hope you guys enjoy watching
and we will see you guys again soon
good okay when the windows went it like
oh let me hold tell oh that's cold
