hey guys it's a new day today and we are
currently driving over to the pen
we're going to put Harvey down no
nothing's wrong actually going on a trip
tomorrow and they watch Harvey / God but
he actually loves it there because
that's his bang palace yeah are we get
to stick with yeah he does this is
aggressively apparently according to
everyone else yes it does have to be
done nicely cement horse whole
regardless you get to do it has been
like rainy and cloudy and crappy out
with a fact like can we any more than
that yeah even longer than that but
today what is it 91
91 91 degrees out
I am definitely thinking event it's like
the first day I can actually go out you
ready to go hobby oh fuck yeah yes
you go around a market territory oh yeah
market boy this is your area yes your
your house it is just starting to get
really hot here in LA but where we are
going tomorrow is about to be below
freezing not not at all it's the exact
opposite side yes and what we don't have
is proper attire for below freezing
if you is dancing that song can suck it
just feeling it so we have to do a
little bit of shopping to buy some
warmer stuff I don't have anything we
need some fur pan that's a good nothing
this is what they do have fun yeah I
wanted to keep it there so I could you
do it's just texting in the middle of
your head massage yeah Tony's not Harvey
because that no yes use it on me okay oh
my it's just so nice well we were
shopping for clothes you know for warm
clothing that we came out with this okay
listen let me show you what these things
do is why we had to get him you pull
them in set out your little knob here
when you drop them
well oh and I guess we should try the
bathroom Tasha guys oh yeah okay didn't
do anything
Andrea asked me if she has time to tend
before the Sun Goes Down and then we'll
continue our shopping later of course I
said that that's totally fine but that's
only because now I have a perfect
opportunity for something I was going to
fill this bowl up with ice water but I
feel like that's so cliche and something
anyone would do I'm going to look for
something else I can put in here I've
looked around the kitchen and there's
really nothing that sticks out to me
except for this I happen to still have
an open box of dry milk now not just
going to throw dry milk on her I'm going
to go ahead and make some milk kasumi
some milk making some milk mmm so good
I'm going to go up there and see if she
needs anything so I'm just going to use
that as an excuse to set the camera so
that I can just go to it
Andre oh my god we know he needs some
milk it smells so weird
Oh ooh you are so creamy
Oh Oh your milk and rice yeah you know I
have to go shower what is what is that -
or the DeLonge try life oh yeah ooh take
a screenshot and put this out of context
oh sorry it's still so much treadmills
in my hair I didn't want to shower my
hair because I thought it was well you
did take a shower I took a shower I
didn't want to wash my hair because I
thought it was going to take a long time
and a hair nice and crunchy it front
it's crusty and I keep finding like
little patches of crusty dried milk all
over me apparently I didn't our well
enough I love that much people are
walking by you're just like Lana wait
sighs I get stressed right now sorry
about all everything you find what you
like
like a show going on down there I think
I look good dude now we have to get some
gloves because I have really poor
circulation and I'm going to get cold
yeah that's what he done what nothing
you look good you look really good oh
you look even better now but what you
didn't know was me we are now in java
shoes it's loud it's really bad it was
like blenders everything she told me
that she has a favorite one that was on
secret menu secret secret menu looks
really close to my face when I look like
this
the other thing I know you see it all
the time when I was younger
little white coming here if you guys had
that but it's amazing your white gummy
bear
oh my god it's like a president it's
amazing right we're at a place because
of unforeseen circumstances right now
this camera that we are currently
vlogging on is literally falling apart
well I like the camera know I get
respect this one in particular won't
focus anymore there's like sand I don't
know if you guys can hear this look it's
going to change the zoom but listen to
what the wheel sounds like that's what
it's like being at the beach and stuff
like that
it is phat so back it's calling on I'm
literally with my finger holding the
back screen on because it tilts back and
puts us upside down and it's like both
of us need anyone before we leave
tomorrow we're like we got to get a new
camera we're best 5 by the way I don't
think I told you where we are
dammit he said that he sold out of the
last one like really close
I'm really really close was it recently
we're going to do no I gotta like have
this camera Adriana are back in winding
down but it looks pretty tired we've
still got a pack and everything for
tomorrow long day we haven't passed yeah
we want to make a drink before we get
started and start finishing up our stuff
because a good shot would keep us awake
but we were like we should have like a
coffee or an espresso or cappuccino and
she's like or we could just like make a
cappuccino shot which is all the same
thing and like a regular coffee right
she has been working on her bartender
skills and has been killing it and this
is one of your creations have you got
our coffee flavored vodka it's double
espresso van Gogh vodka how pretty it
smells great three-quarters of an hour
for that
more than enough Bailey's original ice
cream - it smells good already I'm
excited - requires an asset and that's
enough to make one shot we're actually
going to double that
so technically to make - you're putting
an ounce and a half of each one shaking
with ice oh yeah we would like to have
used Everclear but our teams you have
got enough in right away so we are going
to use the cardi 151 and I'm going to
slow - the Bacardi 151 or custome shot
now to the fun part which you know I
just think I don't want to know I do
this because it's a really awesome party
trick we are going to top it off with
some cinnamon I don't know if you like
to demand your cappuccinos but for the
sake of this shot Ben's going to be
considered it hi-yah
yeah I'll list and now comes the fun
trick you take some cinnamon any four
out of seven and blow it straight over
the top
wah may be a little messy but you can
say it
cheers my lady what do you think I
wasn't doing strong it's really good
though
now that we've had our shot we should
pack we got a pack we got a lot of stuff
to do before we had a smile I hope you
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye yeah danger oh yeah look at
these
