hey guys it's a new day today I actually
just got back from the gym not too long
ago and andrea has already gotten a
start on the day I was so hungry we're
just going to do it together but I can
wait
yeah I was like what's good lunch
together tomorrow but no it's you know
it's fine because I just come back to
food being cookies right you like I feel
like that's like a nice thing it might
have come from a self explained wait oh
you were just cooking me lunch right
yeah yeah we're also exporting
yesterday's vlog to get that up she made
me tea and my remington mug you were
just like the best housewife ever
planning your writing Chieko oh oh
noggin everything you realize you are 65
pounds of just pure muscle boy you are
so big oh yeah oh yeah not only did
Andre just make us lunch you guys need
to see the lunch she does made us lady
look at that planning yeah that looks
killer
not like that I said I don't care if it
was from a recipe or what it was it
looks great yeah yeah I know if you guys
saw yesterday's vlog and put a little
clip in there hear what she's about to
refer to it is right here
Oh
oh my god I'm so sorry
oh my god I'm so sorry so Alex knows
need something Tomy brand new pair of
underwear he does so we're going to go
get that all right so that one's I want
go get them
I have to go buy them I'm not going up
there with you oh my god
I'm that guys buying anywhere on the
climate oh yeah
pepper look at that CP is just lying it
all by themselves and only one one pair
of underwear it's not even like a sexy
lingerie set what is he going to do is
that pair of underwear exactly you're
now look so good in those why are you
holding it like that now you ever watch
them the other blogs alex has been in a
song before oh so it's not that weird
these up there - she goes wait this
isn't for you right if you want to see
those go check out this Oh again yes
thank you this I fell in love with my
ultra booth and I am making her making
me try the long and apparently they
liked the most in fact make amazing
things I love them and I was like she
does need to try it all time they don't
have a color
in store they only have excluded really
quite words but I was fed on the other
day lonely hearts club all right you did
not leave you say I'll know this getting
some more hair color because I'm all out
and I also gotta hair like every week
keep it like this so it looks good but
I'll work on me
hi I'm wildfire you can call me wildfire
well I'm sure we'll put it to use at
some point are we really getting it
oh no no wait I'm coming
what is deafening
okay does it now I'm waiting for you to
say me I don't know if you guys ever had
that what do you what was I saying
oh I don't know if you ever had this
kind of party when you guys are like in
college aside but this was actually
somewhat common in where I went to
school and where she went to school yeah
yeah not so much
yeah I think so I didn't go I feel like
it's like a frat sorority party kind of
thing almost oh yeah I guess so I'm a
frat boy anyway what we're talking about
is the theme of the party was called ABC
so that was the theme with ABC which
stood for anything but clothes anything
but clothes so you Qi mean you don't
come to the party naked and I just have
to yeah I mean technically you're not
wrong yeah I just can't wear regular
clothes you have to find any other
object to take the place of clothing you
can't wear a shirt you can wear pants
like that you have to find objects with
that being said we thought a new fun
challenge for YouTube that I haven't
seen people do is the ABC challenge or
to anything but clothes challenge so we
are at Home Depot right now this is the
Home Depot edition of the anything but
clothes challenge the way we're doing
this is we have 15 minutes to search all
of Home Depot and find any items we want
in the store to use as a clothing as our
ABC as our ABCs or anything about
clothing
exactly these are our two cards here
she's already getting ready we have our
cams mounted onto our cards so that you
guys can see us and it will be off in
just a minute yeah you ready oh I'm so
90s and money mark yes
we are back now and are you ready to
start constructing our outfit I'm so
ready we should say got me down honestly
so
oh yeah
I call it look I don't even know what I
thought I was like oh my god it's not
ending on the camera there's the end of
it
oh yeah oh nice tail this is my look
that I came up with this is my shirt my
mesh shirt
show everything off I don't know if I
can compete I don't know and then this
is just like your massive cone is
literally like I can't even get it in
the shot there we go my cookies in here
these has fun to play with you oh yeah
danger oh yeah look at these those look
nice sitting yeah I'm massive nipples
don't rub them like that though I didn't
know that I think to to make a rocket is
a little sharp I haven't got the edges
of really deadly and it probably hurt
someone the mix between those those
nipples and this cone we have there's
like no way we could give each other a
hug yeah there is it now that you've
seen the completion of the ABC challenge
Home Depot edition you guys let us know
who had the best outfit in the comments
below
let's put a regular clothes back on
please yeah feels really good to be back
in my normal clothes yeah it really does
really uncomfortable I know that comet
ison everywhere around my area and every
time I turn to the side that was like
just an open view in the nature is dick
there was Jack everywhere yeah anyways
guys I hope you enjoyed watching that I
highly suggest you guys try the ABC
challenge because it is a lot of fun let
us know if you guys enjoyed it and maybe
we could try in different stores because
that was the Home Depot edition but that
is all we got for you for today so on
that note yep see you next goodbye oh my
god I'm so sorry oh my god I'm so sorry
