hey guys it's a new day today right off
the bat I just saw these shoes online
and I really want to get I was I got my
approval from her I was like do you
actually like nothing look okay see I'm
happy like she eats me my my style
police here fashion is more black they
are still like black pray to have the
same color scheme as everything but I
think that they're pretty cool so we're
going to go see check out see if they
have they are adidas I've never owned
any pair of a team but I like it I
really hope they have what I want
because they have it online we are going
into a season that big star it's a
really big I think I have faith that
they have what I want it's not
necessarily the color I want sighs what
if we factored yeah someone's still
wrong we don't like hopefully she is
happy writing him yeah they had it I
wanted to choose like where they're like
comfortable like everyday shoes that
weren't just like unsupportive like
reconquered how I love my commerce and
I'll never give them up but they let me
walk away - we do so cute
the ultra booth we are deal is also I
say I like to color some color scheme a
lot it's still like black and gray I
like it
oh I didn't even hear you they are gonna
like I'm gonna try it on the other i
like'em actually they're like super
super console what do you think follow I
like em yeah yes it's honestly like it's
love top color you know to me yes that's
a little bit of like moving comfortably
a Windows laptop and they're really
comfortable where are we going we're
going somewhere that I haven't been to
in a literally long time it's like one
of my favorite places I used to go with
my parents like all the time and I'm
sorry Mona and we've been talking about
it forever and dose not it makes you the
signs yes but I can't so that's that
that's not that's not where we're going
oh that's that's my work I wanted to go
in there too
ok the window house it color me mind
what do you want - oh like a teapot and
a teapot in it
Oh that'd be perfect for you what are
you thinking
oh it's a hug bank but I think I could
talk about the hard way right yeah I say
the closest thing to a Harvey and look
at look at his little rolls and
everything you're like yeah yeah the fab
you can make an RV the colors look a
little different when you paint them
versus when they're actually on so we're
here to pick out colors
I got colors that I think are gonna look
like harvest colors
but she takes on the mythical so I'm
going to be doing like the like special
because I don't have that much artistic
ability to be able to like make up a
better time so I'm going to let the
paint do it for Matt because it was a
special line that like you don't really
need like regular paint so I'm going to
be easy to do when they spire they kind
of like I guess they have crystals on
them so when like the high heat looking
at my butt spot this yeah
yes does he have that like both got this
back white area here and then this
little little quest fuck I never go
white was fun the specificity was
perfect and also although hi-yah
he does like eyes those eyes that I
painted hopefully he comes out brindle
and so plays but we'll see here's your's
it's hard to tell if these will look
like before they're done yeah you guys
will be able to see until it's like
we are back to the apartment now and
I've actually been hanging out for a
little while probably about like an hour
I've been doing this every day from last
like week or so I'm trying to every day
now I've been going on Twitch now that
switch has that feature or that category
IRL in real life so we are live I'm
going to give some of these guys some
love you guys can communicate Patrick to
them on the subway I like blogged what
yay
Monday night which yeah I haven't
decided I want to build my PC or buy it
and when I do that there'll be a lot
more gaming but for right now I've just
been going live doing twitch IRL you
guys could always follow me if you want
it's just twitch that TV / Alex Mandel
we decided to come too so my girlfriend
suggested that we come to the last
bookstore which you probably seen
pictures of ions you guys use like
tumblr or anything it's like it's really
really cool bookstore
you turn off any boxes
yes was very like well is the cool
separate you should go there
we think really comments I wouldn't
touch I got this class for such a
terrible
Andrea I didn't know I was like hating
something the hand Rhea why don't you
look at something make sure that where
we're going is open yeah I'm gonna check
it so it goes open and even says on the
side over there
is that open to them is that opening
didn't I get to choose when they closed
well okay what this is where are we
we're in like it's like this giant like
what does it call off kind of thing it's
called Grand Central Market yes and
there's like all these different little
scans and our surprises oh I think I see
MELAS amazing stuff but we don't get
trying any of it I'm always down for
tacos we got these needs
oh bloody
oh yeah I got one of my favorite things
that I can cuddle with you guys but
where my favorite spot
lengua huh I'm just going to go in this
outro okay what I was showing you guys
is she just came out of a bathroom and
her shirt is tucked into her underwear I
just got to go let her know
Wow
oh my god I'm so sorry oh my god I'm so
sorry
I was just trying to give you make it up
so sorry oh my god oh my God my face is
so red
I know get back it we got up so sorry
I'm so sorry
I don't like shaving cream vagina um I'm
so sorry you're right you're buying me
dinner
I will buy you new underwear and you're
buying my look going okay I'm so sorry I
join it stop and get a new lip color
that I've a mind to try because we were
on our way back
I get mega wedgie you pulled it up so
high you know I'm so sorry I had look it
was it was a great opportunity okay you
hit you literally when you came out of
the bathroom your shirt was tucked into
the into the enemy you'll see I record
no and I was mad until I knew that you
filmed it just soon for the vlog it for
the vlog I'll get you new underwear I'm
gonna get him back for that except it's
not going to be as long there's no way
that it's in a rip
envy people you're just going to make my
taint bleed please I saw these and I
wanted to get them from Walgreens over
yet
these are rocket captors it says launch
is like a rocket flies like a helicopter
so I think what she comes out because
it's dark outside right now we could try
these outside okay we'll find out
whoa oh I think it's supposed to go 120
feet yeah how did what do you do it was
wrong oh oh oh I thought adventures okay
what nothing so bad Shelly how it's done
why do we suck so much those things
sucks I hate them okay well anyway when
I check the instruction I think we did
it right they just they just not they
just didn't work
maybe maybe those are like the cheap
knockoff bad ones and we can actually
get good one maybe and it would be fun
like I won't be sad anyway tomorrow I
will buy you some fresh undies we're
going into Victoria's Secret
oh are we I'm not going to go with you
what I mean I'm going to pick them out
I'm gonna leave it you're gonna have to
wander that sort by yourself I think I
deserve that listen anyway you won't see
that until tomorrow's why I guess if we
do that but as for this one we're done
so okay yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
watching and we will see you guys again
soon goodbye no no now I'll save you
I'll save you there you go here now it
looks now held in for real
