hey guys it's a new day today and oh you
look you look better relax see chillin
yeah you know hanging out with your leg
out yeah yeah and we have some we have
some fun something we won't really want
to try today yeah we have a couple of
cool things going on today
yeah actually so let's get to it and
you're coming along with us yeah she got
all done up and everything cuz we is
going to a party we is going to a party
yeah this this party I'm actually
invited to buy her I got the hook-up
what can I say she's gonna hook up one
time I have a couple all right Michelle
got a couple try to come take me to the
party
apparently this is not for you
oh really
thanks Andrea
tension we ever of cocktails yeah and
which is healthy you infused and muddled
and we have the the middle dish mule
which has black reason and when you
tweet about it either use the hashtag or
jump but don't do neither okay we're
happy that you're here we're celebrating
it is national Moscow Mule day yeah it's
a big national holiday is you went to
work today
oh you shouldn't have you're gonna rock
well you're nice cheers raise the glass
if you love it here's to smear not
taking care of us
good work
thanks Jim shake my pecs no yeah there
we go
try not to read your lipstick what lip
moves show me again
the lip movements like open and closed
around it so that you know where I used
to live and we're at one of my old just
favorite places sunlight that I used to
go to likely all depends if you better
like my first like for blogs ever on
this channel I've been like here
we decide to go for a hike out here -
we're gonna go to the cliff my favorite
cry another hike another hike but you
haven't been to this one that I've been
to much and there's really no parking by
it and the closest place to park is
directly in front of my old house if you
go again to those like first floor vlogs
they're actually at this house before I
moved to Santa Monica
so putting these back a lots of memories
way before I knew this one it's so
pretty and you know what the walk was
good too because I got to like look at
all these different houses oh my god I
feel like I'm rushed on camera today so
this is just one of my favorite places
but today so pretty it is so so windy I
feel like this one here is gonna blow
off the clip I feel like I'm also
getting pelted in the face having to
hike across these like big cliffs is so
sketch like watch where she has to walk
right here bit like slips you cover I
know she's worried about walking over
here cuz she can't really see you got it
off these little like side areas it just
drops you gonna be dead if you fall yeah
I'll try it I think it looks good
especially that smile give me that smile
again oh yeah that was so insanely
pretty but
it's so windy I literally thought I was
gonna get blown off my hair is all
knotted I have so much sand I think it's
like in my ears I have to go take care
of that later but we should come back
when it's nice it yeah sure you got a
little hungry so we decided to stop up
at 2 which is right by the beach for
some lunch that's we do it
dude
my favorite thing here on is the lava
wontons
is
like explode with his new Holton
painful
yeah what'd you get it's a piece of
glazed salmon and I got some king crab
legs Oh buddy any last one which alex is
not drinking no you guys think that
would you see me with mine
driving is it by the trigger in
that looks so good waiting in there
we're back at the apartment now Andrea
just went to the bathroom and I think
this is a perfect opportunity just for I
don't think I've scared her in a long
time so I'm just gonna give her a quick
little scared well you is that how you
talk to Harvey just like with a German
accent that would you respond to you
Jewish dog you know that he's owned by a
Jew and you're just trying to scare him
how do you shake him like that his dick
Wiggles
Harvey now I got him excited yeah a
little I did not know either did not
even jiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
I was not even that and then he showed
me I'm the king of really so you got a
look it's like full Wiggles oh yeah
sorry I'm sure you enjoyed it you know
fact you had full German on him then he
gave a little happy ending get out oh
good you get altered anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed watching today but that is
all we got for you
so on that note we will see you guys
again soon goodbye
