hey guys it's a new day today I'm
getting off to a little bit of a late of
a start just because I I don't like
doing things alone I like having a
companion to do something with so today
Andrea had to go to a doctor's
appointment in the morning spent a koala
she's run some errands and then she's
coming here so I don't even know what to
do with myself I guess I'm just going to
play some games I just got horizon zero
dawn so maybe I'll just play some of
that before she gets here I see her and
she's holding a box hello Oh perfect
timing because I'm hungry I'm sorry
huh you guys already know that Andrea
and I love did I do it oh yeah try that
again with without the boob dress okay
you could do it I'm gonna keep it here
the whole time
this entire clip anyways let's go spit
you guys know that we love things like
this and blue apron was like you got to
try our recipes that we think that you
guys are like us so blue apron is
sponsoring this vlog for those what do
you don't know what blue apron is it's
basically a meal delivery service to
send you everything you need perfectly
forcing all the ingredients with recipes
anything you need to make your meal go
ahead and open this up I'm gonna Mickey
ninety but me so yeah but it's just the
keys and sadly we go ooh falafel pitas
chicken yakiniku
and honey glazed salmon these are the
recipes that we got how do we ever
choose kind of on salmon that's the
salmon yeah maybe the falafel will be
fun to make do falafel okay
Abdullah everything on these recipes is
for two servings they have two options
actually you could order for two people
or for a whole family so if your being
the whole family you can select that
option too and then usually important
ice refrigerated package so that even if
you're not home all your staff doesn't
go bad which is good because I don't
check my mail till later and I wouldn't
have even known this is here yet you
didn't break it up thank you but I'm
gonna stick my hand in here whoo yeah it
feels like a refrigerator here's all our
fresh ingredients we're definitely gonna
need that take that this is all this
stuff it just looks so nice and it
smells good right off the bat I'm going
to offer you guys something really cool
because a lot of you have asked us where
you can sign up for stuff like this well
the first 50 viewers that click on that
link down in the description box you get
your first three meals when you make
your order for free
good deals yeah you get them for free so
you guys could try this if you are the
one of the first 50 viewers that clicks
on that link so go ahead check it out
see if you guys are one of the lucky
ones like a chance to take a nap do it
here's all the stuff we need we need
baby greens pita like a perfect shallot
garlic medjool dates the spiced falafel
spice blend tahini red wine vinegar the
Greek yogurt and chickpea
I also missed the sweet potato because
she was just watching that I think
there's only one proper way at it stuff
just do this and then I'm like here so
like my back hair my are now a guys how
did he do that and cuz don't doesn't
stick like these spices if my job is are
this is that's that man not so easy to
be something is the best way possible
boom not only are we cooking right now
but we're actually doing it live now
that switch has the new category IRL so
we're broadcasting this live and they
don't have like a broadcasting feature
so I also have to have a second device
I'm using my iPad Mini like it reads the
chat let's let's give them some love see
what they have to say yeah yeah hey blog
blog blog huginn we are halfway through
the sheet doing most of the work right
now because I've just been like writing
yeah but I need a little falafel
yes service because that's done but we
go into a cell at some point yeah and we
have oil here and that's heating up and
I am really scared that she's is she's
like I need to redeem myself no not on
businesses if you redeem you have just
places now please do it I'll place one
and then do it okay show her it's not
that bad
you sure yes before something like that
because soil I don't want to do it I'm
gonna have to do there it is guys the
finished product we got a salad and some
falafel pita I'm so sad me too I'm
hungry as hell
good yeah you try you can go nap in my
room go take a nap and we'll do
something after that can you like you're
like 45 minutes an hour I'll wake you up
okay
I let her take that nap and I said I'd
wake her up in 45 minutes to smell fit
an hour and a half and she is still
sleeping so tan white bro hey lady I
told you you can't have him in the bed
Harvey get down get down come here I
don't want him in my bed
you were snuggling her he was growling
it was a good so you did that to sleep
yeah Harvey you sleeping with Andrea oh
yes
HiFi forgetting is that with me already
yeah good boy yeah we are into a new day
and we decided so nice that it's finally
nice out here because only a little - of
crap weather yeah like right we mean
like rainy and stuff so everything was
wet and that means we get to do hike
we're going on a hike finally yeah
frog earlier - caterpillar Hall so fuzzy
poisonous Edward Albert Escondido Canyon
Trail and waterfalls secret sisters also
with us my younger sister and we weren't
going to show her but now she has no
choice now she has a frog right here
where are you frog I don't even see him
told you the way you want to prove shoes
I didn't know okay okay I know Riley
just give it a shove to the left no
reason I don't need my phone except to
destroy it in the trails of Malibu I
love that all these streams actually
have like water right now now that it's
rained a lot the pressure is Malibu
this is treacherous I stepped in the
water and not make you feel better
yeah that's not great thing okay so use
your other foot to go in there yeah oh
you got that there you go
oh good about to fall I was losing my
dog I go for it we did not think there'd
be this when he creeks across we're now
at number three and we've only been here
for like 15 minutes
who would have thought you see this like
out here look at this
there's the waterfalls that's we're
walking to here we are they're over here
you have really nice hat thank you I saw
them as you're prancing
this was totally worth it yeah so pretty
good generating so much it's like really
intense yeah this is really cool I
highly recommend this hi
we totally misjudged timing and it's
definitely getting dark and we're not
even halfway through going down fast I
know it doesn't even look that dark on
there because the scammers look good you
have good low-light like maybe use a
flashlight who's crossing first okay you
go all fours that he is in a wild goat
really rocks crossing the stream and
there she goes about to prance yeah oh
oh you made it look super nice now you
can see the ocean
Wow look at that me yeah that was so
much fun and we're done and we made it
back alive yeah before I got like
insanely dark that's so dark so many
more I thought we kind of liked it we
decided we kind of liked it it added a
little bit more you know and it was so
warm today like on the dry bag is that
it was 77
yeah wow this is a really water anyway
we are doing more hike we want him right
let us know if you guys like hikes
because we like we like hike yeah and
you'll probably if we do enough of them
you'll probably see us fall like
multiple times not probably yeah yeah
anyways guys that is all we got for
today I really hope you guys enjoyed
watching we had a lot of fun doing
everything and on that note we will see
you guys again soon
goodbye me
did you know that
