hey guys it's a new day today she was
napping I know but her not ever ye ate a
lot
we did we ate a lot and so she was kind
of a full full fledge food so much hope
food come on yeah it's okay though you
need to sleep so now how do you feel
yeah I need you on set specific I'll
just go drinking educated yeah we're
going to go down to 3rd Street right you
want him yeah let's do it
I've been going to the gym you think
yeah you've been going in compression
yeah I have but but my trainer is like
your shoes are getting worn to crap
so I was looking at Nikes and now we're
going to adidas
I gotta see like you got antsy all of us
I got I got a like it I got I got a love
it I gotta love it I still have found
nothing that I'm in love with this has
been like an ongoing journey for the
last like week or so I just like keep
going to like Nike and then kavita's is
actually first time went to adidas huh
he's a fiction to telling me need to
pick some shoes you guys send us some
cool shoes like weightlifting
cross-training how do you know I'm not
going to find some right now because I
know you're yeah probably that many
stores you want to go into
we've been like trying to find these
shoes for me and I feel bad because
usually she's that she's the shopper a
couple I tried to get with her to go
into wherever then apparently black is
not in style anymore
didn't have a single pair of black on
her or there so inside that everyone has
already bought maybe we good life love
life
I've never even tried a bad book never
tried a bad mom
no I thought you that fuck yeah you
bought me like a bunch of a long time
you never try one yourself and you have
like a really nice dad I do maybe that's
okay I'm loving idea am I getting a bad
luck okay you pick one out for me okay I
always thought a glittery one later in
life then you got to do with me yeah
what's your favorite Oh your favorite
isn't here because I know your favorite
yeah my favorite only seasonal and card
yeah but I bought you that when you were
sick probably big balloon pushes over
there right there but I Chi have any fun
to Thailand I haven't either
okay Jody had me paint my nails pink and
now she's gonna have anything
luckily doesn't come off either I get to
pick on you wait I have sparkles oh
we're gonna have stars on all of you
like more than the Christmas tree is
dirty galactic Zeus yeah this one looks
Little Miss Connecticut I like it is
sparkly I don't know how like oh you can
see Sparkle right here okay
how many do we do 1 2 really because
you're babbling so big we need to better
to do
I just wanted probably done all night
gonna love that cake grab two we decided
to go into it sugar here with it they're
setting up new stuff that is got in the
store look at this I would say that
that's that's my face on the box
actually I should buy one yes I get some
money for survival exactly yeah that's
cool though because I saw that they had
a Fiat sugar in Universal yeah we keep
getting pictures and people sending into
it yeah I hope they have in this one
someone sent us a picture and we go
there it's never there anymore yeah no
it's finally here are you hungry I am
hungry yes all that uh shopping got me
worn out well like we just got back but
I think we're do you want what do you
want
you know why don't we just go we were
there sure any man scholarship job off
if you like this part
come on well we couldn't go to sugar
fish so that could have too long we'll
wait and I think we could tonight I
don't think there'd be much place yeah I
don't think now you had let's go let's
go shake a fish
Oh
lady
oh good you satisfied
I love sugars so much click my favorite
place it's so good I love it we go there
so often that the waiter today was like
that what you guys names yeah Devon by
the way thank you guys you're like every
day you get a ticket why the hell would
I get a ticket first off I barely saw
this because I just the tip is sticking
out I'm allowed to park here
see what is it for like I can't even
feel that bad about this one we were
talking about it for so long
failure to display both wait I haven't
put my license plates on this cheap it
still do okay
it's the yeah it's kind of new September
I have my license plate I just have to
put them on I know it every time we're
like we're gonna go do this to it why
you screw driver like I don't know
what's that help and this was parking
enforcement and yet their ticket quota
yeah city of Santa Monica parking
citations parking I don't mean allowed
to Stephanie now that we've had dinner
we get to go to somewhere special that
it's ultra started in Oregon I think
it's from like Pacific Morgan I don't
know it's from Oregon guys from Oregon
and then I always wanted to go there to
have these crazy flavors and they open
on here I'm so excited
black olives rental and goat cheese
honey lavender avocado and strawberry
sherbert is it so weird
I also get
we got some of the weirder waters
because well it's done with the normal
one episode this one is called the drill
yes challah bread is called the ganache
the 10 is the false involvement in
chocolate chip cookie dough and then
these ones are the kind of weirder ones
we have a honey lavender and then black
all is brittle and go oh dear
I'm an accident try the pokey the almond
I mean the assessment Mullis we all
infrared all and goat cheese and we were
told if you are really good together
I'm just going to try this
like
you might not be amazing that goat
cheese yeah if we say let's collab with
I guess we are now back and tired yeah
she's like especially tired but anyway
that we don't have to do much because
now we get to relax take baths with that
bath line
yeah let's get this bad started
oh that's gonna take my oh I think this
is full enough because it gave me to
luck
yeah we got two of them because it's a
really big basket we wanted even really
tried it and hold us patitos lost my
phone I've never tried this one and he's
called intergalactic or something yeah
I'm gonna yeah pops and it's sparkly and
really blue and it's just like the
craziest one that they have is not extra
bad it's just one two three oh yeah
they popped up here oh yeah ice popping
hop wave Burnett company is something oh
my god it's you so much glitter down
there spike look at the camera it's like
shimmering down there he's on that oh my
god felt so good when pink stone else is
the head only that haven't seen
yesterday's vlog you're like why is he
acting so now watch watch me and galaxy
whoa and this one just shooting star
over there this one traveling well it's
travelling bad we thought it'd be a
little bit harder to see in the water
like any more bubbles or so that the
fact that it's still pretty featuring
everything we're probably going to have
to wear bathing suits so Andrea is going
to go put hers on I'm going to put mine
on and then we're gonna and then I'm
going to experience my first bath ball
okay then
yeah I was like so you guys would let me
hide it we show them to Sparkle yeah
when you move like that they're like
more accessible for that laughing oh oh
my god I look so weird and I meant did
you know that whoa that is so sparkly
move your arms through it and so it's
little we can see is amazing it's so
sparkly so touch my okay I want to get
back relax never see value ever again no
that never know ladies we wonder that no
no I played no nothing that it come back
here anymore
looks like is it gone
yes I was falling
we clean you to your own stinks that's
good it's gone
notice up close my feet are milder if
you want to right hand oh my god the
bottom of my bath is filled with gold
sparkles
they are so shimmery on how near NPR's
click Aphrodite just came in my time I
didn't I enjoyed my first bath bomb okay
thank you for opening up my world to
that now we should try all different one
is that no I'm not getting in a bath
with you again you all for lost trust or
your relaxing calming time and what now
that I do when I'm alone assets sprint
out of the time then you can take a
higher self okay I will I won't for
Jason Thomas anyway I'm tired you must
be tired we should go to bed so we are
going to go to bed right now and yeah
that's all we got for you so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching we will see you
guys again soon
goodbye oh we're having a rough start
why we don't allow yeah well she went
out I'm reading hurt
