ah we're havin a rough start why we
don't go out yeah well we went out
everything hurt oh don't drink alcohol
ever yeah it's it's not good great it's
not good it's great it's great but I
guess that's morning yeah well your
makeup held a knife did it
yow
don't you that as a mirror here that's
weird
anyways good I don't know where I am
okay we are we are gonna still we're
gonna make today work yeah yeah yeah
I'm not dedicated you guys I'm going to
vlog today we will Harvey oh my god I'm
gonna kill him I'm gonna fucking give
they can't we just ordered lunch right
up here
perfect at some point we may get out of
bed but I don't see that in the near
future
what is the headline here jeez my black
shirt how you feeling what your suits
ready
we made it out we're up and out we're
gonna go be active and try to show you
get the day started
yeah let's go do some shit doctor right
yeah we just figured we go out via the
active you guys can't really tell but
we're at a nail for about to get
pedicure so very much more active than
that pass goes good Mennella
now I'm worried I decided to pick out
the color for him he wasn't get to see
until you're done I'm excited
good you came I'm getting my color done
but you don't get to know you don't
gonna be something good yeah yeah we're
gonna look so good ok you can look now I
feel like you peak on anything you know
I did but I think look easy my neck is
all right look
I have a strong really good like we both
knew it was an Avenue you guys want to
see it it's so pretty right in sunshine
down here so it's darker take my word
for all you foot fetish people you're
welcome there are like violence oh yeah
well you look so good
I can't you look you look like you're
doing the walk of shame
no no no listen the very proud very
proud sidewalk we are shopping right now
oh look at this keep moving but now we
are going to make yourself to dinner
yeah not like completely from scratch
we bought this song
so we're going to you know don't judge
us for that you make it bacon chicken
lettuce wrap
yeah yeah so we're just getting all the
stuff that we need out and that's on
your chest right what I don't know why
this sounds wrong to us but you tell me
if this is wrong like it's one thing to
say like something is Mexican Mexican
food or sown from Mexico in Mexican but
I have no way out that this sounds weird
doesn't seem right is it just us that's
queers of the colors next chord I don't
know rom identity just maybe like like a
term it should be yeah do you want some
corn or do you want some magnet going
Andre is prepping the veggies right here
well and let me get start of this
chicken I'm just going to I got one hand
here so I already put this under it so I
could just like flop it up over into the
super hot oil because that's smart this
is so hard one hand no I got this out
you know
dammit of rub no yes maybe this time
don't start a fire yeah that would be
you look at all that oil don't like it
it's going to happen if you're not
careful like me I'm okay I got him but
you know what in case there's a fire I
think we thought we saw plenty oh yeah
there's enough powder here that we
haven't cleaned yet because it's really
hard to get off it is we just gave up
green onions the water chestnut yeah
yeah oh and here and some carrots let me
replace my gosh sorry go ahead
oh don't mind me
make this all up
I think that looks good we're going to
bring the heat all the way down and add
no no we're going to add 3/4 of a bag of
the salt I get it
so there you go you're juggling on top
yeah I think so I don't know we'll make
good I got it it's a little hard to do
with one hands that can't hold the walk
but we'll get it done
no I will not accept any help I got this
very good yeah and smell good buddy
tanita feet yeah what are you doing over
here washing the lettuce that butter
let's get butter lettuce they're going
to think I do more different idea
there's any iceberg but we love like
butter less snow you know something rule
if you've never tried butter lettuce I
highly suggest it I fir is great and
most restaurants that you get any sort
of like chicken lettuce cups Natacha
chicken lettuce wraps will come with
iceberg but butter lettuce you could
actually I kind of wrap it like it's
like a little taco and it just tastes
great
yeah it actually is like having
attention this is it when it's complete
we got the chicken there the butter
lettuce the sauce close open did you
guys plate paper paper plates it's
perfect yeah goes up that's not me we're
getting too fancy here this study has
this idea California to the Chow here we
got a place I want to waste while
watching them that's that's true
looks good doing it
pull it up oh yeah go in is it really
good yeah I think I think we did okay
I was so good yeah easy like 90 today
get me out of it oh yeah that was part
of everyone's wish everything yeah but
how we did it now can we go back to them
and I think that oh we happy that cuz
I'm tired
yeah I'm really tired everything plus
we're going to need to vlog tomorrow
yeah so we got to be up and good for
that
okay bedtime yeah and with that said we
will see you guys again tomorrow good
bye
where they alter their nipples look like
balloon and she was like what if what if
I actually did that and like really did
that actually made them balloons yeah so
this is this is like one of the pictures
we're talking about
like this one right here do you see it
like looks like a balloon yeah but it's
not a balloon but it's not a balloon so
yeah so we're going to try to have real
so we're looking first like some body
paint stuff like that into balloon at
the blue this is what we got from
Michael's we have red balloons to do
that we have the paint also so this is
just like regular kids like face paint
and this is actual acrylic paint
both of these match up to the color
really well with the balloon
