hey guys it's a new day today and we are
currently at Willow Park were in the car
yeah can you guys crazy write it
wherever you can you Intel I know but
we're about to go into Michael's art
supply because we're doing something
something cool today oh I think you will
enjoy it I mean I know
by the thumbnail the title I'm sure you
guys already kinda know what we're doing
yeah I always forget that thank you that
for yeah I like the mysterious I know
exactly was happening yeah you know
exactly what's happening so this is
actually something that andrea was just
going to do for her instagram and i
don't know if you guys know this but
instagram is like very strict on women
showing their friend anything any any
nipples that's what it would be like
free the nipple stuff like that so
people have been putting pictures up
where they alter their nipples look like
balloons and she was like what if what
if i actually did that as like really if
that actually made them believe yeah so
this is this is like one of the pictures
were talking about like this one right
here do you see it like looks like a
balloon yeah but it's not a balloon but
it's not a balloon so yeah so we're
going to try to have real so we're
looking first like the body paint stuff
like that in saline it's a balloon this
is what we got from Michael's we have
red balloons to do that we have the
paint also so this is just like regular
kids like face paint and this is actual
acrylic paint
both of these match up to the color
really well with the balloon so
hopefully they'll be good this is spirit
gum the spirit gum is to adhere latex to
skin so there's been not on here could
do that with a brush and also a bubble
wand because andrea is a child and
what's above yeah
Oh Harvey hook
Oh doh
Harvey they're coming to get you he
doesn't know it's a big enough elder
gone Harvey where they go they disappear
he's freaking he doesn't know where they
went given some more you just get one
you got it after trying both types of
paint on my hands the one on the left is
the acrylic the one on the right is the
face paint I think we're going to go
with the acrylic because it just looks
better compared to the balloon yeah I
guess we're just gonna kind of do this
and we have these little these little
nipple hats so we cut from balloon
actually is like a little hat
yeah so until we get enough of it
covered that makes it safe for YouTube
you guys are going to have the blur so
you're going to blur excess piece um I
gotta go really quick something he
that's good that's really good
we got one over here I just feel like
the weirdest thing we've ever done again
and I gotta say this one was not my idea
it was her idea
this is amazing we got both balloon and
on and it is time to
whoa they look like balloon yeah you
hear me they come out so far you like
the biggest thing but that is really
cool good idea Andre is the final
pictures of what we're doing this for
this was actually all not going to be on
the blog this was going to happen no
matter what but it was all for an
Instagram so if you want to see the
final Instagram photo you can check out
her Instagram it's just at Andrea
Wendell it's always in my description so
you guys can check it out there but
that's it
yes and that's really the final titty
shot
yeah it looks better on here me that oh
yeah so did it come off easy it did come
off easy you have media to shower
actually good I was scared
good and now we are both hungry so it's
time we're going to get dinner we never
tried to go to sugar fish but the way it
was two and a half hours and fuck that
you know wait hours not okay especially
when there's a sushi place around the
corner so we're just gonna go to the
next best thing
Dougy oh yeah we had to find another
Oh
we get we're back into place now and I
didn't show you one of the things that
we bought at Michaels that I'm very I
think it was a great purchase hey check
this up right that right we need to show
yet I'm pretty sure this hand is
actually just meant for like sketching
or art you can put it in any position
you want but we thought that was a good
position to keep it in and we'll just
keep that I don't I don't know if that's
like the permanent place but now I need
my reading it really adds to the behind
map of the place yeah oh yeah I was
making being one way I can do it you do
a big one too big one huh oh there's a
big one bigger hardest get it get it
he has no idea where this is yeah really
I don't fuck me oh don't is the cabinet
he was a little scared at first and now
usually into it now that he does they're
like not a threat I am currently by
myself right now because Andrea's
getting dressed putting her makeup on
getting ready because I told her I
wanted I'm going to take her somewhere
fun tonight her and I haven't like had a
night out that was one of fun lately we
haven't really done it that much so
tonight I was like you and I are going
to go out tonight we're gonna have a
good time
she's getting ready so I think wall she
gets dressed puts on a makeup I figured
I start off the night and fix us some
shots what do we want to drink there is
a lot to choose from here now I think I
want to just go for a vodka
unfortunately I'm out of my favorite
which is just kettle one I love kettle
one what's the I don't know maybe the
Stoli elite back here add vodka nice and
chilled so I brought you some shots well
I brought you one shot one of those for
me
now I'm thinking about oh you're so
selfish there it's nice and great oh are
you ready now yeah yeah oh I just felt a
little it's okay Harvey Harvey could
have it yeah yeah Oh what do you believe
yeah this is before adri√† before face
you guys are about you like a full you
get to see what happens when I go out
often I feel like I've only done that on
the vlog like once or twice you don't go
up to my job ya know it's like a thing
yeah but now yes before the after you're
gonna be like what is why does its
release device this this is so cool like
I thought that I would hate it honestly
and I loved it so much it's like a it's
like an airbrush thing so to a collar oh
it's called mineral yeah mineral air and
it literally makes your face look it's
like insane so if you're going to have
picture taken or something which
hopefully in the world tonight then
it'll all fuck them in then it'll look
good it's gonna happen serious you can
see it like re is disappearing so I
would know like break out on just like
right on my cheeks which it never happen
to me before in my life and it's been
happening recently now look at how
beautiful you
yeah I like to go with the dark lipstick
because it says don't fucking talk to me
and it's not if I say that yeah don't
fucking talk to me
we are heading out for the night and
guess what you guys are with me whether
we are knowledge of someone there no no
I mean you really and we were really
really cool if you guys could see it but
we're not they'd kick it out oh so we
can't do that
yeah but we're going to fun guys anyways
anyone we're going to end it I hope you
guys enjoyed watching we will see you
guys again goodbye
we are security today for none other
than John Cena
