hey guys it's it's night it's night
right now it's what is it like 11 oh man
cleaner than that is it it's 12:03 is it
yeah so morning good good money and I am
with Brandon clearly clearly yeah we are
at a hotel by like Six Flags or
something wherever we are we have been
trying multiple doors and nothing seems
to be open to the one do it they closed
we can just go swimming Hotel doesn't
like this case weird yeah
just just no one in it there automatic
oh he upgraded us the guy at the front
desk said that since we got here so late
he's just gonna give us an upgrade since
they can't give it to anyone else
tonight anyway so our upgrade comes with
a free terrace terrorists waiters
stuff retail we get like instead of like
a balcony like everyone comes open the
window a little with like a whole nice
patio thing even though cuz we're gonna
go we're in suntan yeah
2 a.m. here's there a porch our terrace
a terrorist you want to go on a Sun Tan
out there uh I'm Way ahead of you yeah
the guy actually asked us he's like what
do you offer review do you want the pool
view you want the golf course and
Brandon said whatever one is less
romantic he's like oh so the honeymoon
suite 100 some dudes underwear you um
I'm also gonna wake up with that in our
face oh dear
yep this is a great upgrade yeah hey
your room comes this free Wi-Fi and a
free pair I do it as for the least
romantic room they could give us it's a
pair of men's underwear exactly a brand
of a jockey I never really got to tell
you what we were what we were doing last
night what what were you in the stitches
my friend Maci she is like the head of
digital marketing for Nintendo
Nintendo's having an event today and she
called and asked if Brandon and I could
do security now stop laughing I know I
know
what should I do now Brandon he's he's
highly trained and he could definitely
handle whatever situation comes to him
but I mean that's that's like what he
does for me to explain to you what what
my job is for so is like in any
celebrity when they're at an event they
get a sign like I'll call myself a
handler rather than a security guard
because when people are rushing you want
to take pictures and what I do on stuff
like that but we have to keep moving and
the celebrity has to go in and do what
they're supposed to do the handler is
the one who has to be someone in the bag
I'd be like no guys no pictures right
now he has to go in here blah blah they
get everything moving so that the
celebrity is not like I can't take a
picture with you
we are security today for none other
than John Cena
we could not pass up this opportunity
this is so cool to be doing this such a
great opportunity and experience this is
super cool but but something I'm very
excited about I never get to see me I
think the last time you on it was baby
yeah Nintendo boss lady we are finished
being security beyond the tough guys
unfortunately I know this is so terrible
and I really hate just to do this but
they wanted all video content to be
approved and everything and so they
wouldn't allow me to do any vlog stuff
they were like you can take pictures but
that's all we allow just just stills so
I will show you here's a picture of me
and John Cena but unfortunately I have
no video footage with him in it because
I wasn't allowed to use the picture
right here so you guys can see it
that's that's be a term right there yeah
it was fun I had a good time yeah it was
good seeing Macey I don't really get to
see it off and she lives in San
Francisco
big show showed up that he big show
didn't show yeah he did and he was
talking smack to John Cena and Alex
suplex ttyn grabbed ahold of him
bloop Lexton I wanna brag and I uh I've
logged it yeah check out my vlog channel
yeah I don't have much luck Jeff anyway
smells fun cool experience I gotta get
home actually because someone's coming
over and my sister's coming over because
we are going live today I'll tell you
about that in a little bit I gotta say
because I didn't say this before I'm
saying I was allowed to do YouTube
videos that's more like a corporate type
of thing John Cena was like one of the
nicest celebrities I've ever encountered
he just like was so friendly to everyone
when there was fans outside and he had a
break in her you could sit inside it's
cold he still went out shook everyone's
hand talk to everyone wanted to talk to
everyone like loved playing the game at
the end he came up to Maci and he was
like that was so much fun I love the new
Nintendo switch I mean it that he was
just genuinely a really good guy but
anyway I'm gonna get ready and uh my
sister should be here any minute you
guys don't know my sister Jackie she
goes alive me every week and does like a
cooking show she's not very good at
cooking like you also like you probably
saw Andrea last night both of us in the
kitchen today yeah there's gonna be a
lot of fire if you don't yeah if you
don't know what we're talking about
watch yesterday's vlog and you'll see
she started a big fire over here but
it's the oil called it's the oil yeah
yeah anyway Matt Santoro is also coming
over because he is her guest this week
we're just gonna Oh over there jack
Harvey's excited too we are going to
hijack this me and Andrea cuz they're
gonna do it here so we're going to jump
in on it too and have some fun
they're mine right now
and Matt is here so we got it hey am I
going to get Matt Rollings out okay I'm
I'm gonna go get Matt Matt is here but
I'm gonna give away your secret right
now all right he was sleeping over on
the way here so he had to wake up color
puffy right now I fell asleep right in
here it is what a nice place Thank You
y'all that's the dream like dj khaled
there we go you have an elevator in your
place you've made it you can sleep here
yeah this is Harvey the thing that she
is making for today's live stream is
actually he sees she she's walking to
she just come all right it's a game we
are we are making fun Fetty cupcakes in
ice cream cones and they're they're
cooking right now they're they're
cooking right now yeah we got this we
got this don't even worry about it
sorry caucus rainbow sprinkle cupcakes
oh oh you did it you're doing it you're
doing it you're doing it come on bro you
got this oh yeah oh yeah
boom what's up it's up there oh no sir
need Louisville alright now I got you I
got you
I ran out help me I'm coming oh so
awkward just so awkward killer
oh please thing this is so weird well it
looks like an ice-cream cone except this
side you could see it but that's okay
cheers everyone
here we go one two three cheers I heard
a ding - oh yeah what oh good right
mm-hmm
I want like an actual picture - y'all
not with the block yeah that's good go
on
picture picture we're not even paying
attention anymore wait a make sure take
I need an Instagram picture yeah me too
yeah about that disgusted oh push the
whole thing I'm not yeah boom or keep
going nah he got it he got it bad RIA
look oh now that we have finished yeah
savviest dinner which by the way we good
enough fried fish you're going to need
to explain this wow this is like whoa
the tailless oh okay okay hey you can't
play with your food that way with my
food yeah yeah they like you pull off
these squares and you dip it into a
citrus sauce it's like so play game
it's so good this off oh there we go
one of my favorite parts of a lot of
things like halibut cheeks are one of my
favorite hands but I think like they did
it too
they see it I just ate one of them
shit the other side let's see we take it
this right here so and the other side
was bombed so you're gonna try this one
yeah yeah oh yeah that is it that is all
I know it was so good
by the way that place in case you're
wondering it's called Santa Monica Yacht
Club here in Santa Monica
so it is is a really good place bomb
drinks - you're looking for somewhere to
get like really good drinks we will see
you guys again next time goodbye and
check it out there and then what what
what uh what did you do
Jesus okay well we can't put pink
