hey guys it is a new day there and we
are in like the bed bath and beyond
superstore I think we're sure in Santa
Monica I don't know the Santa Monica but
it's near Santa like this she hasn't
been here and I told her today's I know
you guys figured like what's so great
well it just has everything
yeah and everyone loves that neon
alright look hot
does their oh is that a speaker that I
have a message out here dude this better
all the years with the saws chairs and
everything this place is amazing if you
guys live around here you should
definitely come beautiful you're the
baby Xenophon I just get a visit yeah
you look so comfy as that a nice
vibration on your nutsack good it has a
vibrator like in the bottom of it like
the because of the shaken babies in
little shaken before their babies
where'd you find anything this is henna
in placenta what Helen placenta yeah
this is like evil and why are you boobs
oh oh my God look oh oh
look right there great Wow Harvey kind
of destroyed his his old bed so we end
up getting a new bed at Bed Bath &
Beyond it was the same when he has an
orthopedic bed because he's a he's a
prince
and he loves it he loved it look at this
hey Larry shows your new bed whoa he's
oh my god
he loves it he's been rolling around on
it oh he's again oh my god why what by
the way all these toys are always in
like that little bag and he takes them
out and puts them on his bed so that he
could sleep with his toys all right hey
oh my god just Legolas you're ridiculous
ah thank you
we're gonna take Harvey roll
oh dude here you hear that so I don't
know why I don't want to go for a walk
oh my god I don't think he does oh my
god
I must say okay okay okay okay we're
gonna go we're gonna go you know where
to go down to your easy good boy
Ruby time he's like what you look at
that bet you guys didn't say Harvey had
a little to rud like that bitch she's
not Harvey was too fat to run like that
no when he's got a food he's got food
what are you doing now that aligns hard
for long times everything everybody
let's do the gritty what is it the
flower you see that you like put it in
the glass pot and it like it makes in
time yeah
this player this way I don't think it'll
stand it I think it looks good this way
I think it's going to move one people
water in it
that is ridiculous it's definitely super
not gonna happen
alright well another we covered the
chocolate is ready
I can handle usually well is break the
break then hot water flying sssss it
looks good yeah we decided we were going
to make with dinner tonight we're to
actually cook this guy
and we're thinking we go a little bit in
Asian of juices surprise we got to find
or anything we're going to be late to
they have like free customs this one is
like this food blender stuff oh don't
Club the thing
the whole shelf mother I don't know
you know for those of you that have been
longtime subscribers you know that I
love to game and I used to stream on
Twitch a lot well the reason why I don't
really do that anymore is because I only
have a Mac and my it's just been so
tough to to stream on a Mac because of
delay issues lag issues all this
different stuff but I'm going to get a
PC I'm going to dive into I'm going to
get a gaming PC I finally think I've
found a rig that I want so do you have a
suggestion let me know but with that
being said make sure you guys go ahead
and give me a follow on twitch TV slash
Alex Mandel so that you guys can check
out myself
on there I do whether it's just regular
gaming but lately I've been doing some
real like online gambling with blackjack
and some like that so if you guys like
to see that kind of stuff you can check
it out there and that's what what what
oh what did you do Jesus okay well we
can't put things right here take lunch
don't put the camera down Rick okay what
you can't put a little water on but dude
turn off the Oh
Andrea hi know if you have no way of
recording anything on fire before
something I texted to the fire anything
I haven't had to use one in years
oh I'm going to clean up on look at this
oh my god
well do you have some powdery stir-fried
oh my god oil is so hot look oh my god
I'm like shaking
and it's you hey this is covered in
powder I mean this look at it oh my god
I'm sorry okay you are vacuuming this
soap
did you learn something today you know I
learned multiple things today I still
don't know how a common fire but
little-known side effects as fire
extinguishers I know have the worst
headache yeah there's like a lot of
powder everywhere so much dust
everywhere and I know a lot of you were
going to be like oh why did you put like
a cover on it or say that it was a walk
so I didn't have like a big cover for
that or anything you know you know and
also in hindsight yeah was it's only
good done differently probably we
there's a giant fire you see you just do
something yet you just didn't you put
out yeah and anyway what I would say
before that was you should go ahead and
follow me on Twitter it's great that we
happen to catch another one yeah because
I would have been that if we didn't yes
why would it I would have like ran to
find the camera before we even put out
the fire yeah blog life almost burned
the apartment down but who cares we got
to get it on the blog
anyways I think that's all we got for
you for tonight both of us are pretty
tired we're just going to sit chill
maybe watch movies like that so we will
see you guys again soon
goodbye oh yeah what are you
