hey guys what is up I am headed right
now to my mom and dad's office to go
have lunch with them I didn't really
have anything specific plan for today so
I figured why not go grab lunch with my
mom again charlie
you're watching Charlie well Riley's
working and while I'm working and while
you're working yet
that's it I brought something with me
when I came here I'm talking quietly
because I mean I want I want to prank
someone who's inside the office and I
brought these none of you guys can see
there you go
pulling fireworks so these are trying to
like the poppers that you throw on the
ground and they pop except there
like four or five times as loud they are
BIGBANG they have two strings on either
side and that makes it perfect to tape
to like the two edges of a closed door
so when I opened the door it goes boom I
really want to get my dad but he's not
in the office the moment he ran to go
get something so I still want to do it I
am going to prank I'm going to I'm going
to try those pulling fireworks on my
friend Kimmy who also works here
Kimmy let's do the bathroom come here
oh here I'm sitting behind you well
what's up with Jojo I don't have to send
any of her well showing you Howard now
you take these so it pulls on this like
little string I have to do this like get
a good grip on it they're really loud
yeah my dad is just pulling up now
and I don't think I have time or I don't
really know where he's going to be so I
might just have to like set up the
camera and run in and do it he's not a
very jumpy person so right off the bat
don't expect him to fully go crazy but I
really hope he does have reaction is
that's here wasn't our hero amazing he
or something that now is a cast member
on it yeah yep you know whoa that
actually works surprisingly better than
I thought he legitimately jumps not you
know even he was like I didn't jump did
I and I was like no you did you did
watch the footage
so you watch these like oh what was loud
it was loud I got you dad anyway that
was fun I and so I spent some time there
and just hung out a little now I think
with a head back to Santa Monica Oh what
time is it no I gotta get back to
because I actually have plans to be uh
Matt Santoro new like live show he's
doing I'm not sure he just texted me
today so I gotta go back get ready but
now I'm now at my computer ready to go
live with Matt he just sent me the link
to join his Google hangout so I'm gonna
go on it I don't even really know what's
going on he's just chill hangout thing
so oh let's see I couldn't really show
you too much because there's I mean with
the sound because I was wearing
headphones so you weren't able to hear
but that's what it looked like we were
doing it was like a Google hangout thing
is on his channel I'm going to go ahead
and put a link down to it below so you
have to watch that hangouts which is
really cool someone's here I'm just
amazing
hi this is a floor this is not my floors
we got it we got to go up to my floor
really regular dinner accidentally
pushed one Mego dinner I am but I push
one we're going back down we got to be
anyone
is it kind of flaming for you and I to
be going to dinner together um yeah the
night before Valentine's Day to go to a
restaurant with flames and that's that's
all the reason I'm saying that it's just
just that there's just fire the reason
why you're asking us wear underwear try
dammit dammit dammit
so if you've seen some of the vlogs you
would know that I still have the
Christmas tree and the reason why I'm
showing you from this angle rather than
turning it around I will show you so
today we took the ornaments off the tree
finally put it in a bag we put the bag
in the corner away from where Harvey yes
so we put it up on the ledge or else
Harvey eats the ornaments my dog Harvey
for those who that don't know and not
that's branded not Harvey he doesn't
need ornaments and my shades are
automatic look at this ah shit that
they're supposed to be all clean and
pulled up and I was like what the hell
happened to this one well it tried to
lift the bag of ornaments and it got
caught and pulled it out and I think
that it's just like I don't know what it
did but it totally screwed it down try
to see if you can get it oh why is it
jammed so stuck oh my god
I think one does broken what I don't
know maybe it's just the ornaments are
brewing oh wait wait wait let me push it
down I'm going to make it go down
if so jams is ridiculous
oh my god is rocks at the oven at lower
the seat
oh no oh no no is it's gonna go it's
gonna works getting all the way up
yay maybe I could steam it oh did you
take your ornament give me that ah see
this is why we took them off you can't
have these Harvey they're not for you
Harvey you to walk Brandon out yes go go
walk them up go look them up he's gonna
he's gonna walk out he's walking out
he's lugging slow slow
okay Harvey you don't need to walk out
that far Harvey Harvey hey Kimmy you're
not going all the way out there get out
of here hi well you don't take don't
take much hey hey hey get out here
he's like we'll try to actually go high
five can you lick my hand okay
I'll see ya high five ah you ready to go
to bed yeah okay I think it's time for
us to live
anyways guys that is all I got for you
today I hope you guys enjoyed watching
and that's it so Harvey do you want to
take this one okay
I'll see you guys again soon goodbye you
go to get ready
you
