hey guys it's a new day today and first
off we've been having a problem yeah we
have everyone's been having a problem
we've been having yeah a lot of people
have been telling us when we do put up
videos you guys don't ever see them and
then you happen to come across them and
sometimes you think we don't put up
videos yes we don't put up as many as
we'd like to but that doesn't mean we
put 9 yeah and some of you are like oh
my god I can't just never showed up my
sub box right a well we could show you
as you've probably seen on a lot of
other youtubers you watch how to do it
in case you guys don't know how to do it
to turn our notifications on to make
sure that you are notified when we put
up a new video here's how to do it
since andrea is subscribed to us she
says subscribed and there's that little
bell there so if you click the bell
right click it notifications from Alex
Mandel vlog send me all notifications so
you check that and then you go ahead and
you push safe it's easy as that just
push that Bell check that you want
notifications and you will always know
when we put up a video we're looking for
some snacks I got soup we both got
student cuz what else do you yeah I have
you want anything from here I have I
don't know if you
I have the essential let's see if it's
sparkling wine yeah sparkling wine not
champagnes it's from California you want
to be do you want spam them I actually
like spam I don't think a lot of people
do but I do like spam musubi TV show
what about Theresa coming guys
hey Andre yeah guess what we're really
close to four hundred twenty thousand
subs what what yeah look at that
Willie need sixty more Hey I did say 420
something just having it is so terrible
I need to show you YouTube has problems
every once in a while and today is not
the day for problems you start working
on it because the problem that we're
having today is gonna really caused us
some issues to hit 420 thousand because
they are having an unsub glitch where
everyone is losing subscribers look at
PewDiePie's live sub count right now oh
dear look at how fast he is dropping
this is half oh wow it just like jumped
he this is happening to a lot of people
I already watched certain people that
were at like 2 million subs and they're
now below a million this is just going
crazy right now right off the bat I'm
gonna tell you that what I the product
I'm going to show you is not sponsored
I went bought it myself
raved about it on Twitter
the company contacted me and sent me
free stuff without need for a video they
don't want me to talk about they don't
need me to talk about and ask for
anything yeah they'd like it they'd like
probably wanted well here here's your
free advertisement because I love the
front we love the product so much that I
was like I'm gonna I we both decided we
want to share it with you guys on here
cuz hopefully it'll benefit you as well
before I tell you exactly what it is you
guys have constantly put in the comments
and on Twitter hey Alex
do you smoke marijuana do you smoke the
weed do you devil devil in the ganja and
a while ago I would have said no but now
let me show you this product this
company Humboldt has these awesome pens
but they aren't necessarily pens that
now they actually have four kinds and I
think they actually released two more
right now but sleep bliss calm and I
don't have the box for it because I use
it so much this red one is called relief
these are medical cannabis oil
vaporizers it was really cool about
these ones is that they're dosed out and
they have different levels of THC to CBD
so they treat different things this is
not a recreational tool for me this is
actually super beneficial for my health
and well-being and to give them some
more credibility Time magazine put them
in the top 25 best inventions of 2016
this is a cannabis pen in the top 25
best inventions of 2016 for Time
magazine
my favorite is calm and I have a lot of
issues things
I have a prescription for some things
but I hate taking that stuff because if
I do have a problem with it and I take
it and knocks me out like all day and my
day is gone I don't get to vlog I don't
get to do anything I just sleep plus
prescription medication can really have
some pretty bad side of you yes and
that's it's just like I would really
prefer not to take it
but this calm which is mostly CBD oil it
doesn't get me high at all and it just
takes everything away and I get to just
go about my day it's fantastic my
favorite and the reason I even found
them was because I I don't know if you
guys know this but on my 22nd birthday
I've broken my back I dove into a pool
and I hit my head at the bottom jam my
head back I got a compression fracture
to this day my muscles and everything in
my back and lock up and it's so terrible
they have a relief pen which is actually
not only pain relief but
anti-inflammatory like taking an Advil
except I can do it completely
all-natural so I use the relief pen for
that bliss is the one that's just like
you just want to feel good so in honor
of hitting 420 thousand subscribers
that's right 420 420 I'm going to show
you how the Bliss pen works rather than
like if you go and you want to smoke
weed or side that you may smoke too much
you made it that kind of takes the
medical use out of it this is completely
dosed as if you were to take one pill
for advil inhale a light goes on and
when I'm done with my dose it shuts off
and vibrates on my lives to tell me hey
you're done you had one so
it just vibrated I hold it for a little
I was totally showing Andrea this and I
was like you guys might want to see it
so I've done this a few times where you
can like you know if you need to you
could take wine somewhere but you can
take our alcohol we put I just put water
in here to show her I was like yeah cuz
I bought this like corker thing that was
not like 10 bucks and his corpse
I put the cork in the corker and now
what words in the bottle yep and now you
take one of these put it on so it
doesn't really look like a no it's like
you use like it like a heat gun to
shrink it up it's a heat gun what's a
heat gun it's like a like a like a super
hairdryer you know like this is super
here talking around uh what I'm getting
wound up like a torch no I'll show you
it's like air like a hairdryer this Wow
it looks like an electric screwdriver
thing it's not a dude look I turned on
this thing gets like super super hot so
if I keep this on here
whoa
now it looks like a like a why model
what see no it's steel down there what I
could pull on the tab here and it's like
I it's like you didn't just put a bunch
of vodka in there and seal it
yeah you should dry your hair with it
yeah keep your hand there yeah it has
like heat coils in there like a toaster
yeah it's like if you held the gas yeah
like I think do you think I think if you
aim that at a lighter you will just blow
up the lighter well I don't want to hold
it we could try that we were just trying
to figure out how we can actually try to
show you guys using the heat gun versus
this but we figured Slovo would be the
best and it is now dark out so we need
extra light for higher frame rates too
like with the GoPro and stuff so that's
not going to work so you guys will see
this in just a few seconds but I think
we can't do it tonight we don't have a
place it's like well didn't we just do
it like tomorrow morning we have light
yeah we now have light and we are in a
new day and it is it feels so bright out
and now what you have been waiting for
we got the heat gun positioned here and
the lighter that tinfoil is just to make
it taller so that we don't have to stick
it into these these are little glass
pieces in the fire pit
of course that we could plug in that
heat gun bolts still on the roof we had
to do that into the apartment so turn
this on okay well turn phones there this
is here where did it split oh whoa it
just popped a little bit just like made
little holes
I probably rocking it out that's cool we
just watched that footage and although
it's cool to see it like melts and
shoots this I want to inspire move
another lighter in the package and this
time we're gonna see if we can light a
little fire behind it so this time when
it goes our thought here even though
these wind barriers are from different
directions this one could go out and
just this candle will light it or vice
versa so this kind of protects each
candle individually so hopefully at
least one will stay lit long enough to
light it yeah one of you guys might have
to carry the team yeah let me gerald
this is happening we are going to make
this work and we could I know a bunch
you are probably already thinking to
comment if you haven't already why don't
you just turn on the fire pit well we
can easily throw a lighter in the fire
pit I've seen a bunch of videos do that
but that's why the heat gun is so
different but to get it to light maybe
because those other tea candles candles
are you just going out we could try a
torch we can leave this lit
walk it on and leave this there so this
isn't going to be put out by wind it was
not pointed at Andrea that's holding the
camera hopefully this will make some
fire
yeah finally I don't know how safe that
was it wasn't it was stupid okay we
won't have to do it again
we don't but you know nothing what you
know we were wrong no it was totally
went all right yeah it's exactly what we
wanted so with that being said a heat
gun versus a lighter isn't gonna cause
any fire but you add a torch into the
equation not only are you gonna have so
much more fun but you're gonna have fire
so that was great
anyway if you liked that let us know
throw us a like and I think that's all
y'all okay so on that note we will see
you guys again soon goodbye
