hi guys hello this is a new day today it
is any day today I'm always in yeah and
today she's kind of taking the lead not
necessarily with the vlog but with the
plan because we thought this thing
online that we wanted to go with it a
while ago you could tell them what it is
because they actually reached out to her
they were like come check us out so I'm
going as her again they were like hey we
really love your stuff which I'm sure is
what they send to everybody visit but
we're gonna close today and I don't want
I don't want to tell them yet I want to
surprise them when we get there okay but
we're super excited I'm really excited
we're here
at crumbs and whiskers what this place
is is a cafe like you order copies or
tees or whatever but you get these you
get to hang out with like they have like
20 cats right here right now yeah
they're packing everywhere and the cool
thing is is this is actually like a
new-age tippet rescue up because if you
fall in love with any of the cats you
can adopt them they're all up for
adoption only no one and those cool for
this do they also get to like take the
spill from shelter to compliment a
community and they get an office back
here Alex found the kitten what is it
Lucien time together we're going to walk
out of here with a cat this is their
youngest one says yeah hairy phone that
was one into the bathroom it was Heidi
Angela toilet Ali's how long ago cedar
because she's one with yup she's brother
photos transmittance she looks like
she'd really like going to be needless
to not all she's do the nice yeah hi so
shooter came in yesterday right yeah
that's why she hides in here until she
gets comfortable
and really immediately it doesn't like
over over
listen
you want to be
kinda Oh
I've been chosen by bamboo he just
crawled up on you
I'm not good saying I think it's the
color scheme plastic fat secat Andreea
III hey nice name homie
it's not going to move the whole time oh
happy are you gonna come lie on me
okay you still my man mr. bamboo sigh
sitting on her lap now he wanted me
we are back at the apartment now and
Andrea is she's you know pretty worried
but there's this my family's here my and
my dad and my mom what we're about to do
is Andrea has never been to a
chiropractor before and I go to a
chiropractor this chiropractor every
week make sure everything's in checked
we thought it'd be really cool if he
came here and she did her first one on
the blog it is one of my biggest fears
to get like I hate any kind of cracking
at all like I hate it
I've always hated it I can't even do it
myself and I'm terrified
this is dr. Anderson who makes makes me
feel feel better but you don't usually
look scared just the process perfect
what is that what is he doing alright I
don't release form oh my god we're
coming she is slightly released honey
you know it's weird I've been watching
even doing blogs for years now yeah and
you've taken her to Texas to shoot giant
rifle yeah she's been shot with
paintball gun and shot with a ball guns
you pecker is through diving through
sharks and underwater yes nothing you've
done to this point has been you better
know what you have I believe it could be
the last long oh my god you're making
her feel wonderful oh this is something
that your viewers should I would do it a
lot oh you're not done you got to keep
signing there's more this one's for the
experimental stuff I'm working what to
do with the ashes but you know better
she gets like that yeah my back doing
like something if I'm like bending over
I know I'm not doing the camera to me
feel good yeah yeah what's happening
here is out of the lane at this foot let
me go this way it's restrictive nuts wet
it tender it I'm going to show you them
you first for this customer that's a
lockout this on yours trail he hates
cracking really yeah all right okay okay
okay alright yeah yeah I don't like it
now when I push in here should be a lot
left under it is because it's moving now
I just want you to know that I have no
doubt in your skill and I think that
you're going to make me feel amazing I'm
just terrified don't take it personally
I get it all the time
we're just not used to this always seems
to me crazy movies that's all for your
next feel a lot better really is that's
all we like the net yes the next one
really yeah how you doing India Hey oh
I'm having a girl there's no cracking
happening so I'm having I'm good
so this is called the Raptor right yeah
and it goes really fast cause that's a
sets the flow ones out the flow and you
know I don't know what the three to four
letters
whoa oh my god it looks on camera
couldn't figure out when you were at the
fastest it went like extra slow he made
me really scared yeah he's really good
that's why I was like no trust me you'll
be totally fine I go every single week
because I started I mean I go to the gym
five days a week so my body's always out
and he could tell you that but he fixes
it it was good but you guys should
actually go check out his Instagram
because he post like a lot of like cool
stuff and different methods that he uses
do you guys to see that where where is
jizz I mean I'll put a link to his
Instagram below so you guys can see that
but what is this early leaves ask dr.
Eric Anderson and it's Eric Eri Kay
right like this alright right there nope
there we go yeah no spaces but I'll put
it in the description so you guys can
see it easier but check out his
Instagram Jimbo follow and and thanks
for thanks for this you feel thanks for
thanks for fixing me up oh you feel like
you tell hundred fears I do I was like
shaking when where I was so scared and
I'm just not going to say anything but I
saw her eyes getting all glossy yes yeah
anyways guys we are starting our day you
make it to uni making I'm making my
second team seems like a shape TT anyway
so okay not much wrong it's at all so on
that note that's where I think I'm just
going to end it walk away go and cry a
little bit um so we're gonna have a fun
day today yeah we'll see you next month
yes I was saying
we'll figure it out like they will find
out I'll be here in this to see where's
the other will probably fight you I'm
gonna fight you
oh now you're good guys well anyway
we'll see you guys good soon goodbye
