hey guys it's a new day today and andrea
has been such a good girl you might say
hey I have my blood taken today and I
told her for being such a brave patient
I'm going to take her to not very far
before I've always wanted to go so we're
going to do this yeah so we're going to
not verify and and if it's a weekday so
I'm hoping that there's not very many
people and I hope everyone is miserable
at work right now except for us all
right Wow people but well at least if
you're at word right now I'm watching
this hopefully you could like live a
little through this yeah when we got
this awesome like seven intro also for
any of you that are local I just got to
say this now we're not sponsored by not
not does not inviting us here but I
wanted to say so that you guys know
these cool offers is the tickets are
normally like 75 bucks to come here and
right now they're doing a special thing
with Susan be komen which is for breast
cancer research and so they have tickets
for forty one dollars a person
there is nobody here this is so great
amazing we're not have to wait in line
we are going to do the syllable
music
I'm fighting a duel observing all these
turbine is one of the most Daffy
Oh make it weird
flag down
you know I already lost I like is on a
mission yeah pretty much
pretty much
oh just give the same one as me
by vanity night come home today at the
next one we are going to do is called
the Sidewinder and that one while you're
going forward it's been and we want to
see which one's fun life and it was the
water back yeah we usually go to the
front try to get a good view for them
yeah this time we're gonna be standing
around anyway let it sit yes ventolin
you're watching it prints a lot okay
oh dear the next and final ride you
wanted me to end relax it's called the
accelerator it is not look at it that
gigantic loop up there you like shoot up
I'm listening let me show them let's
show them there's one about to go hi
ready
for
Isaac is like oh my god oh I was
actually like really saturated but I
could feel that I would be like if I say
yeah okay I was like cause I really
scream I'm everything and you were like
full-on cry yeah just go out years ago
yeah but it was so funny
we're gonna do it again everyone know I
want it I want it without focusing on
how to development we wanted this one
that we want to do it yet feel you
probably Fresco's knock down this one
half cycle massification look it's a hot
one of the JMU
so what we want to we want to go have
some fun not safe clothes we may be gone
from there but we decided to go
somewhere else for dinner
who's next on the office plugs in it is
downtown Disneyland and Disney Lima
we're not back together inaudible wisdom
bring back a disease and so we're going
to go explore get dinner hang out you
we're thinking we're going to go
in jazz kitchen because it's tough entry
I know where she's going huh
I know where she's going I know I know
Hilda bad what is wrong why you felt
useless
I know like I really want you to are
serious I'm here movie is and I love to
slit but like I feel I can swap why I
think what excuse it looks like he's not
like me
I like it
but but I might struggle is that funny
really talk likely making sloppy and
then I hold this I hope that surrounds
you and I play can't really so what do
you decided finding
okay
there you go we didn't found the part we
put the parts animate away from all that
stuff since he got distracted we got
caught up but there's a deal flavor - I
got one too
came over that time I can't wait to do
the post like look like different guns
you start with camo bear it does not
like a badass like an Emily oh yeah
listen we'll see well I'm looking it
like he's already camera looking at camo
and Andrea saying like I should go for
like three he's already camo for
watching more business but now that I
see it is like a different kind of
camera yeah she was saying this because
you can't like make cameras I can't do
like desert camo just can't like yeah
else he's going to die prophetic yeah
he's gonna die this would be like that
guy's confused
he's like parlormaid or desert parts or
whatever but you guys like this
that's desert camo though
but he looks really dope with it on you
know luckily this bear isn't going on -
that'll feel so he can do it however you
want
SOLAS valor bear what are you doing are
you trying to say it's good you don't
want him to fall on a playground weeks
playing with all the other military base
this is tags making speak no you're
looking at was Alex like we came in here
for me and that's like really here they
set him up on a day and I've enjoyed
this I love it
it's just keep tough camel bear your
turn what do you do it the other guys
okay so the first thing you thought
offices but you have to have hipster
glasses yeah mister bunny
I have because I feel like I found it
okay
onward and then we have a little hipster
shirt and begin yes
we gotta get her good yes so this is
cool
would you get pls pls pls like sampling
now I'm really gettin spark'd outer the
gumbo and then some kind of cricket rice
name it it's really good yeah
what would their walking hey they're not
 out of me hey hey guys
oh let you take it for what you're
digging for
hey you this is for sergeant snuggle
I'll just off get in the back no no
this is where sergeant snuggle so you're
sitting in the back
me and Lee will have a good time back
there okay we are back at home now and
we got to show you our final bill bears
Oh years the bunny building filled a
bunny with a height of 16 inches weight
8 ounces per color camo green and
belongs to Alex's sergeant snuggles yeah
boy denim yeah he has a camel backpack
by the way you guys didn't see that
before he's got a camo backpack to carry
some ammunition and he's rockin at 15
inches 8 ounces with light brown fur
belongs Andrea this is lemony Livi I
couldn't mr. wise I I can find her a
backpack dad he was the Libby's really I
couldn't find her little backpack with a
little mini clip for to hold her
petition next time we'll yesh together
Congress and everyday glasses yeah I was
really probably knocking I always had
chef Harvey it has a new lovin - yeah
Harvey Libby you are living just kick me
in the nuts anyway on that note we're
both tired yes so tonight yeah so I've
been a long day I think it is time for
us to go to sleep a fun day great day
and we're gonna have another son
tomorrow yeah and in the next day and
the damn except we have yeah we've been
planning we've been doing good stuff so
with that being said we will see you
guys again soon goodbye
