however you do the atop okay ready Hardy
sit hey guys
is the new date today don't put your
tongue back in your mouth anyway but we
look we look fantastic I know I feel
like I look so good I just go back to
the gym she just got out of the bed bed
which I work very much you did you
probably worked harder than I did anyway
we got some cool stuff we're going to do
today my sister does like a live stream
so we're going to head over to my
parents house to do that hurt no special
guest today we are special we're so
special
I feel pretty special do you thank you
yeah this is like the one time she gets
to feel special
yes no I don't even have birds like this
here we're in the driveway and they has
a lizard
this is snagging Emily oh my god I
stopped shaking and it's dead just eat
it put it out of its misery
geez eat the lizard Jesus I just keep
shaking it no bird he's just like
looking at it he can't figure out he oh
oh there it goes I didn't know they ate
Oh was it like stuck in his throat I see
it in the throat
okay you need to move while I Drive yeah
we're not trying to stop you we just
need to park the car he's like not that
scared I feel like he's gonna try it oh
oh whoa what is this became like we're
gonna get attacked I know should we get
out yeah Oh
oh my god what is he doing he's
threatening us I genuinely oh my god
turns out he's a stork and he lives here
at my parents house they said he like
comes here all the time and eats like
they're young koi fish and stuff he's
not a nice and not a nice dude
but maybe he'll bring us a baby keep
doing that angle cuz I look really
skinny that's we always keep it really
hot because actually and I are are also
just we think that we look so much
better here this is Jesus closing my
face got that down my face is the one
that you always are anyway we are on I
will do not understand yourself we are
we are live streaming with Jackie right
now yeah we are on her life to count on
live dot me let me just call mine me I
know what I'm telling them so they know
exactly what it is I know it's called
live me but just so they know in case
they are not familiar if it's like
spelled out live dot me but it is like
me she does really well on it how much
have we father's never know over 400,000
what I didn't even know that last time I
checked it was over 300,000 anyway she
was over 400,000 followers on there
right now at once and we had almost
15,000 people watching us right now
almost 15 down to be watching right now
every Monday she does a cooking show but
I think you're gonna switch it to with
it I think I'm switching it anyway you
could use to figure it out yeah she's
Marland hands-on oh cool some WMS follow
her so you'll know what away like yeah
correct but I'm going to
having you guys on and I'm going to make
you say yes right now on your home we
will be on it all the time this is what
we made on her on her life me ooh what
is that casserole
I know because we made it all right I'm
actually making a broccoli yeah I want
to try it - okay you want the mouthguard
challenge and you didn't get a chance to
buy it right now and go to the zoo
why don't you I guess I'm dr. cha and go
get their masks are kind and check or
not I will go in there you too Paul
welcome
I don't have the GoPro today so it's a
little bit harder for us to film this
slightly both buy them for break then
for Ronald they're so fun if you could
go a little
good luck
you got it if you fall if you fall it's
better footage
oh my god
you got it if you fall if you fall it's
better footage
oh he looks really cool riding past like
the sunset Oh Oh No
modern day Aladdin no Andrea has
promises poor blood circulation right oh
yeah no I really love blood pressure and
poor circulation select my hand to my
feet I'm cold all the time but her hands
and her feet are rigid yeah though I
know she can't know and one thing I was
like you should get some like proper
wolf um apparently they have these
amazing Canadian sauce yeah I mean like
I'm sure they're like made here right
now hypnotized here yeah we quality I
called Canadian cap stocks for those you
that are in Canada you know exactly what
I meant when I say Canadian camp Sox
having tonight and comment you know
exactly but we're going to get her a
pair of those that her feet actually
like some what they want
yeah so I don't lose my toes at the age
of like 30 yeah I'm gonna call you Doug
you find a sock yeah I think I know they
all kept saying cooling yes they're
warming notice the wall yeah so
hopefully and I got distracted that's
not nice to you wanna haha what to do
and Alec I'm organizing my ammunition
there zombie apocalypse I'm not aware of
what they're like stocking up for
Armageddon here it's cheaper for me to
buy in bulk and then I just like refill
these little containers and this is what
we take shooting but the rest something
like these Boston container this is 750
by 39 for the ak-47 do you look doubt
these look like these look like a pop
apocalypse the eggs these are steel
steel casing but some of these I'm not
too like happy about like they only had
this and this is so this is steel rather
than laddies one unfortunately have low
recoil and steel from where I was buying
it because we're weird out yeah well
well we'll reshoot
we can't shoot any less and so when we
go skeet shooting and stuff there we use
the steel
let's shop say that all the ways like
all the hog camera stuff this is all let
free let me don't kill any condors yeah
this condor sanctuaries around where we
shoot so we don't shoot with any all of
this stuff is like more expensive but
specifically so we shoot less free and
then but it's good for the environment
so it's worth it it is worth it where
you do stocks not it's a no-go put your
socks on okay go put your socks on lady
how are you told see me there's some
warm and cozy she's got tonight she's
got her wolf Fox on and they're actually
warm and you're not going to you're not
going to lose your toes now but I'm
still going to call you now anyway guys
that is all we got for you for today
actually that's all we got for you for
yesterday cuz today we have more stuff
as if there's not a few yeah not yet we
got some interesting stuff planned
so you guys are going to want to tune in
to the next vlog as well tune in next
time it's the Andrea's to see Doug do
some cool stuff anyways guys we will see
you guys again soon good bye you're
gonna wave with your toes
good bye
yeah so we bout to get drunk off
chocolate so then is the working over
ever these are the vodka shots and they
have kettle one in them these ones are
tequila and they have patron in them now
these Scotch ones they don't have black
label they a blue label but I don't have
a blue label but for your information a
blue label Johnnie Walker is about a
hundred and eighty dollars a bottle
