hey guys is a new day today yeah damn
and I would I was just telling her about
this place huh the one who try I don't
know they're gonna hit me but she's
walking around trying with that anyway I
told her about this this chocolate place
that and you know girls in the chocolate
oh it is such a cute little shopping I'm
excited apparently this place is
incredible they used to make stuff for
the president yes this is this they have
like this whole history in this
chocolate company that they have a
couple locations out here and their
chocolate is like absolutely insane just
the best chocolate yeah a little bit of
em in it but it's good but apparently
they gave out like a shit ton of freedom
oh my god when you're in there like
really not do chocolate before we go
explore or do anything I actually wanted
to talk to you guys about something I
have told you guys before you guys
always seem to like it I get good
response from it so I'm always happy to
keep telling you guys about this but if
you guys haven't heard there's a website
called
Opinion Outpost that I I promise you
before I was blogging and even while I
was vlogging um I was I was on it I
signed up it's free to sign up and all
you do is you take surveys and you can
make some money Amazon gift cards iTunes
gift cards all this stuff for doing that
and it's just like I'm lying finally not
when you I know that a lot of you spend
will probably a lot of time just like
sit on the couch hanging out doing
whatever during that time you could just
be answering some questions taking some
surveys and make it make you money man
I'm going to go ahead and put that link
down the description below because they
they're sponsoring the floor today so
thank you so much for sponsoring this
Opinion Outpost and now let's have
ourselves a good day yeah that's awesome
chocolate yeah this is the place here
they have one here and they have one in
Beverly Hills seriously amazing
I a car that we didn't get anything on
then really good all of it look at these
is not chocolates inside of them
what are these thank you okay so hue
buzzing just good pop it you have to
hold the hand might have me dropping
this would be over oh yeah there's a
good amount needs right yeah kettle one
in there what's really good though yeah
we originally said that we were going to
go in there try a couple things I was
like and maybe we'll even buy like on
like a bag of chocolate we got a little
carried away like things everything okay
well they had three different kinds of
the alcohol one so obviously we had to
get everyone yes I'm excited to try the
scotch on is that seems like a bomb
Nikhil I'm a little scared of I'm not
going to lie well if there's a quiz a
quarter shot there's a quarter shot in
every chocolate oh it's strong yeah now
we're at Sun Life huh don't drop it
there's no for about it all the way
together because I had the camera the
chocolate even though I wasn't even
filming with the camera yeah these are
wellness plus shots so would I got the
oil like just the oil on top is so
strong actually I'm not sure exactly
what it is but it is like Cayenne ginger
lemon simmer yeah and something else is
making
we're going to put up four yep yeah what
is that like I feel so well
what is that oil stuff that makes your
hand no no I'm going to look at what it
is
we are heading to dinner now we decided
we're over here to us tonight tonight
we're going to Joffrey oh wait oh you
can't see it the signs too bright
good good oh that one yes we are going
to jump now you can see that's the ocean
out there
I'm just blogging here
Oh do a target on your what and peanut
my hand
oh you take your pants off they're like
really high waisted and really tight
right around my stomach and I want to
make them close
I think our work for is really nice we
are back in the apartment now and I
think it's time to have some chocolates
time to try some shop yeah so we bout to
get drunk off chocolate then I
littleworth over ever these are the
vodka shots and they have kettle one in
them these ones are tequila and they
have patron in them now these Scotch
ones they don't have black label they a
blue label but I don't have a blue label
but for your information a blue label
Johnnie Walker is about a hundred and
eighty dollars a bottle so these are all
great the Kersey
they have some alcohol in there yeah and
every one of these has about a quarter
shot in them so let's get drunk off
chocalate we're going to start with the
vodka one let's take two of these okay
yeah these aren't like the fake like one
do you get in the gas station that have
like you know the ones that are shaped
like bottle it or basically just all
sugar like this is like has like liquid
if I can talking yeah
they literally say like don't fight
these at half because it really just
falls out like a liquid box so you have
to eat the whole thing you just take a
bite of it and so I guess we can cheers
with chocolate yeah
kidnap
you're like I'm supposing I'll bang whoa
I go wrong whoo I'm scared to feel the
one yeah but it's cool it's a chocolate
act like a chaser yeah
next up is this gosh so one of them to
the L don't know like a starlet hmm
I like the Scotchman I do it's just
wrong whoo but I am my mother for sure
notice should be noticed Scotch has like
a naturally sweet taste already oh yeah
I'm against smoking but whiskies have a
little bit sweeter taste that leaves in
my opinion no it definitely did it was
just uh I tasted more of that when I
tasted the vodka yeah
look glad you let me live I'm so bad you
can't have one you're gonna die I'm
sorry
hold on a deal oh thank you oh we're
gonna have one individually but like you
can't have it oh these eyes are nice
crazy okay ready
um one tequila
I'm so cold
two tequila three tequila floor that's
usually how it works right here there we
go
oh that one I want hard together hmm
we always care for that one because I
feel like tequila and chocolate isn't
like a taste a straw mm-hmm you know I
thought I really wasn't going to enjoy
this meal in chocolate that's pretty
good
it was good yeah really good what is
like the coating in these was like lime
flavored Oh tapa and I'm like did you
know that like sugary coating that's
like coming out I feel like like a
little hint of lime salty line ah salted
lime take no guys tequila chocolate oh
yeah what was your favorite I think my
favorite is scotch I really want to like
this guy student labor go to what go
well together but you like the vodka so
I didn't like the vodka yeah that was
completely thing we had to pick up a bag
of their truffles because these are
absolutely nuts
literally the Food Network calls this
the rolls-royce of chocolate it is now
the next morning and I think it's time
to make some breakfast this miss Andre
so excellent
there's a good breakfast to have like a
really good like I guess it's just like
a healthy but it's good definitely good
for like gym stuff but anyway if you
haven't tried it you'll see we're going
to make and it's really good if you
watch that vlog we made the burgers with
this a lot of you are asking what this
is just in case you're wondering it's
the quizzing art griddler and the cool
thing is is it is a grill until you push
a little button then it pops up for it
tap it in and it's now a griddle and you
do the same thing to the top since we're
going to make in more stuff you just
push this down and it goes flat now we
have a big griddle that we can make our
pancakes on as the disclaimer this is
not sponsored by quizzing our
I just we really like this and a lot of
you guys were asking about it and we
didn't say anything about it the other
day we're makes burgers you hear me say
pancakes and you think everyone takes
ain't no healthy breakfast but these are
different kind of pancake
yeah delicious these kinds of pancakes
are only made with two ingredients
that's it banana and egg wedgies one
banana and two eggs is the ratio let's
make it mash them up until they're mushy
this is all pushing now and picks it all
we went ahead and put a little bit of
coconut oil on here what are you barking
at what are you barking at your heat
yeah here's another dog yeah
Oh
boom while we make some more we're going
to eat two and two that we are made you
can put serve on this and it's going to
make a little sweeter you can also add
like cinnamon to it you could add
chocolate chips do whatever you want
chugs trippin and pancake they can be
whatever you want
yeah our pancakes yeah I actually
because they're already pretty sweet
just rum the banana you could put like
almond butter or peanut butter but I
just literally take this thing because
it's always pretty sweet and they're
really good very good okay guys that is
all we got for you for today and we're
going to start our food our day our day
yeah we're going to have a day today
like we had yesterday that's a banana
panky we're not going to do any of the
same stuff but we're still going to have
another day
we're not managing symptoms the same
stuff is yesterday's maxime stuff I want
to see the same log twice right with my
over and over again let's just upload
the vlog two times two days in a row and
tell them it's a different day don't
ever know that anyways guys have you
guys enjoyed watching this and that is
all that we got fever today so we will
see you guys again soon goodbye whoa
that one looks good mom
that looks so good probably on
