hey guys it's a new day today and we
don't really have much twins I've kind
of just been taking it easy I we kind of
feel kind of crap that we have you well
you leave a nice last night we had a
name in a long night we lawn I so we've
just been like we've been couch potatoes
for most of the day today not going to
lie but that doesn't mean we don't want
to vlog for you so we're still going to
make ourselves have a good time this has
been like our home all day she got a
blanket her pillow here it's getting
cookie you guys can't WI how daisies
want to spend on the couch when do you
move it all I pretty much spent my time
today doing something I love to do and
I'm stuck on my phone all the time
playing what Texas almond yeah I play so
much Texas Hold'em on my phone and just
you know I just kill it after I got to
say I'm pretty good I already know that
in the comments you were going to say
which one do you play because you guys
are going to want to play so I will show
you the one I play is jackpot poker by
Poker Stars since I was like in college
I played like poker showers and stuff
like that for fun it was just like low
amount of money but with real money
online I would do that but now I play on
this app so that I'm not risking any
money because this app is all is all
free like it's you can play for the
chips and I don't have to risk any of my
real money so those of you that are
worried about gambling or denied that
this is like a just for fun app which is
why I could play it all day and not
worry about losing all my money let's
see what this is the low is going to be
a 20,000 okay 40 down so this tournament
is for $40,000 so Queens boy now I can
either just put my chips in or I could
raise it a little to like 1200 I'll just
do that just because I'm showing you
guys there's that Queen right now let's
just take this so just to not scare them
let's just check like I have nothing
okay I know that someone ever gonna oh
yeah come on in you know what let's just
loses why not oh he's going all into oh
oh what a lot Oh
all I do is take my chips I'm going all
in
so I got pocket fours see ya
was it easy tournament win there's
always two other people Wow
easy sweaty grand right this easy win
lie there look some of these people I
play I just they just like what's his
goal and I'm like okay well if I got
some decent let's play it and hey he
says it wasn't easy when right there
that was one of the easiest wins I had
all day so that you guys don't have to
like go on and search for it and every
night that I'm just going to go ahead
and put a link to that app in the
description Andrew and I were just
saying that we are pretty hungry now
wouldn't you say so yes even a while so
rather than just like get some oh we're
trying to think of what to make we
should just like make like some really
cool don't make some crazy shit yeah I
don't I don't know exactly what we're
going to stuff the burgers with yet
doesn't go to storm figure it out
we are you got it we parked over there
how she's strong woman look at her
carrying what is 2010 we're going to
make four different kinds of stuff bird
we got everything all a basket again
first up with jalapeno and cream cheese
kind of make a jalapeno popper burger
second up we got pizza sauce and
pepperonis the mozzarella so if you
can't get it just from that we are going
to be making up pizza burger over here
we got some brie and some fig spread so
this will make out what type of burger
would you call that
she's like a fancy burger yeah
exactly that's just a fancy very fine
palate burger lastly we're gonna do a
bacon mac and cheese stuffed burger mac
and cheese yeah we got these pre-made
patties so that we could two of these
stuff it in the middle we think that it
works yes sorry we're not going super
like homemade tonight no some of this in
the middle yes
you have to cheese the pepperoni and the
pizza sauce on there go ahead and take
this and kind of curled it already
little bit you got to work the edges to
seal it all in work on pinch it and I'll
put it back together now pressure thank
you
I think that's probably good should we
put that on the grill yeah okay close it
up all right
Godspeed my little friend well that
one's cooking which one are you gonna
make I'm gonna make the jalapeno poppers
ooh bread this on there I think just put
a blob in the middle of the easiest
perfect let's seal it up next Oh pizza
burger done on goes the jalapeno popper
burger there we go this is the pizza one
so check out that middle layer right
there oh it does there's a creeper
I thought watch out throw up the cheese
yeah a lot of the pizza sauce kind of
cooked out of it so maybe just to top it
with a little bit maybe even a little
bit more mozzarella was just like finish
it off yeah better with it do it oh yeah
pizza burger jalapeno popper burger is
done go ahead and like that
whoa that one looks good mom that looks
so good
probably hot
is it really good
oh my gosh I am specific look at that
it's like all of any pepper mmm decent
about excited to there's something so
good okay bacon so I'm just going to put
like crispy pieces of bacon everywhere
and then we can pop it with fat bacon
yeah yeah we got some more bacon on it
you know would be pretty good on this
I like barbecue sauce whoo that would be
really good but let's just see how it
looks pretty good yeah see that mac and
cheese and bacon bacon oh yeah oh I wish
your mouth luck with that
oh it looks a lot you can see all this D
with everything since there's no real
sauce on here other than tooth that
barbecue sauce would be great but other
than that this is killer
we got sweet baby Ray's yeah let's draw
some of that on
yeah that's what you gotta do it now she
is making Suffolk and Bri one steak and
three the fancy bugger really good
that's about that I'll check a pre here
there it is our final burger is the
fancy burger see that I mean see the
Brielle Mountain and stuff I dislike it
but you would never pick it not I'm not
crazy about it you'll see it's not bad
did a little bit of little weird flavors
on ya
it's not that yeah it's not like it's
not like a dislike strong dislike it I
think that a lot of people would like
this it's just I'm not a huge fan of
like sweet little sweeter but it's not
bad at all damn burger we're good anyway
going from good burgers to a really
annoying just crappy experience 200
situation dealing with right now I'm so
heated so mad so frustrated this is like
this best we don't want to make it all
negative but it does like directly in
its like it's just it is bad it's really
bad we likely what we're looking for
what effect not yeah affect you guys
yeah yeah you guys and us it's just
anyway what these boxes that just came
in are is merch from our merch store now
it's as Gildan we actually they just
come in those boxes they're not gilded
brand
no no Gildan is great I'm just saying
don't just assume that what you're
saying they just send it in whatever box
but anyway we have sweatshirts and stuff
in here t-shirts and everything like
that and they screwed it up they somehow
managed to mess everything up like
really bad if you haven't gone to our
merch store yet online then you can go
see what they're supposed to look like
it's just 18 dot shop that's our merch
store but it has pictures of the
t-shirts and the sweatshirts and some of
you guys have already pre-ordered on
there so we're really happy to start
sending these out until we can we open
it this is what is supposed to be
ordered the logos just at the chest area
that's it here's stomach all this
organic nipple the nipple yes
that's that's it what it looks like is
this somehow it is the whole entire
it's the whole shirt and wraps all the
way around like the sides and then we no
matter what in screen-printed what I
mean I don't know what it is but it's
anything like wrinkles I don't
understand it just doesn't really make
sense to me like even if you pull this
down it like goes right back up to that
wrinkled part I don't understand that
yeah with that being said there is no
way that we are sending something that
we wouldn't wear ourselves to you guys
that's just I don't know I don't want
that out there I don't want you guys to
have products like oh well we got this
might as well have sent it and this cost
us thousands of dollars I'm not going to
lie and that's not even the biggest
issue I just now it's going to take
longer to get it and I don't even know
if I can get my money back we already
know we're probably going to end up
switching companies we found a local
business that we can actually check
quality we can go there we can look at
things it's going to cost us a little
bit more money because it is a smaller
place but I don't know any better yeah
it's going to get it so it and the price
won't go up for you guys
we'll just it'll go up a little for us
but that's to make sure that what we're
getting is good that kind of stuff is
going to happen and we're just gonna
have to deal with it and you know I
can't make the best of it and make it
the best it can be for you guys yeah it
what happened happened now we just have
to deal with it I'm not going to keep
worrying about what has already occurred
so anyway go ahead and try to make those
burgers and remember to download that
app so you can play poker I went ahead
and put the link in the description so
it's down there
check it out that is all we got for you
yeah so on that note
Harvey will you just stay by mr. ayran
you just kick it anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching and we will see you
guys again soon goodbye Harvey hoping
about ready
the bag back one two pricks away all
right
