hey guys it's a new day today and you
just pretty much got up right take it
out man
you got it and I just got back for the
gym so I still gotta take a shower so -
I gotta you know but so we're going to
get ready and then we have one of our
friends can we actually couple our
friends coming to our friends coming
over but one of them specifically is it
yeah thankfully you guys can be cool
friends a magician I like magic
yeah I'm really excited about this and
based on the title and thumbnail you
probably already know exactly what we're
going to be doing but we're gonna be
doing some magic yeah we got our buddy
Murray here again are you gonna show us
magic and show a towel or yes I'm going
to do all the tricks right and you'll
help me with it or you'll do your own
trick and then your new trick we're just
going to go along the line doing trick
after trick and just seeing how great
okay I hear you're really good at man
you like man I I grew up doing some
magic trick so I I think I already got a
feel for this I don't really want too
much instruction I'm just going to try
to like do it you do your thing and
there I'm old try my video and it looks
easy
yeah better oh yeah yeah so and then
everybody said is going to help so many
guys yeah you're going to help us film
in it right okay I thought let's not so
then it laid out yeah so let's let's
just get to it I just want to do some
magic sure our first trick we're going
to do a handball classes what you gave
me
and one here nice-looking you're the
bank vault again a minute
nice gesture right here and then um talk
about whoa ya talkin yes that's right
in order to grab a metal barrel roll me
one legislation yet
now the other kind of maintained
bring that down going to jump off
McManus Destin oh wow this one's regular
after we go what to bring the paper on
so we have a representative here the
funds right this is still nothing in
here no - break it
okay nobody's not experienced put water
in comme cela idea a transition for life
try not to get back up and hold that
above your head school overhead we'll
look at yep we go
tell me to go full the license all right
here we go
racism oh yes think of our pop here's a
song about becoming you come well oh
okay
like I thought your amazing city but now
that will be awesome
alright your turtle poured out and take
right by us
I know we're assuming we're a team
perfect oh oh you know you know we got
you'll be coughing and draw that's not
to amend your buddy Alex and myself and
that's a good bet getting for you
we're gotta right now here's gonna
happen they stopped with you want and
that ring for the balance tree not hard
to reach open they want always the
children to is to know before that
company Linux to comes up will be
audience going to be really surprising
and so they come and pull here my
husband or agency alright and now she
start feeling part of work time right
well my hand yet now here's going to
happen you would have to do it one time
on the license and you do that receiving
funds you're on the sudden stop
I'm really heartened yet so easy but
nestled Robin for don't work located or
dirty people doing one denying told
writing curriculum keep smilin show
visitors yes they're watchin under a lot
because right now there's a yogurt of
your hands is like really taking on home
it could be do with it
hit back there you go thank you for
teaching us how to do these tricks
you're welcome
like I said now you know I'm very known
as a teacher and all my students who are
really good and you just done you really
uh runs an average realtor well where's
it learning they on it imagine your
talents keychain you got a clearly where
collectively find you I find me at magic
Murray on YouTube of course you know
that's where that Facebook I've seen a
lot of amazing ok yeah I've read a lot
of his on Facebook every thought check
with engine whirring all that stuff yeah
look what make sure to put a link down
the description so you can check out his
stuff because it's super cool and yeah
okay I want admit he's a little bit
better than me but but you'll just have
to go find out for yourself I changed my
shirt everything's all good I'm all
dried up do you change too yeah she did
because we're actually going somewhere
nice we are going to my friend Bryan
Lanning our friend Bryan Lanning
he has his party tonight for his new
album that's coming out or that came out
so this is the album release party that
he invited us to so we're gonna head
over there we got a car coming the
biggest up that's what we're gonna do we
just got here we just walking around
saying hi to set people we actually went
down to the green room to say hi lost
camera intrude on anyone but we go find
a camera class tonight
yeah where it is like hey what if they I
will see you guys for steps around this
night here
Oh
this posture just acted by the way it's
also his birthday
so please devil Nikita say happy
birthday to Brian
why is that a bad thing really so
nothing I hope everyone does now and I
loved it
we are down in the region so like it was
so like oh oh
so why what why why having any Christmas
from Joplin on this yes please do that
also happy birthday to the bride Hannah
that was the kill of course she was
evasive
so Adria has actually never I was like
understood every is not a nose like that
was amazing I almost just came out today
so I mean I probably just forgot the
pretty one but he was saying it was he
was like wow she's really good there's
like he's not going to take that badly
nomnom interests in the past and with a
minute rest care hopefully hopefully
hi dammit I like I didn't even ever
gonna be out of here Oh Mars either what
Oh
have a drink we are now into a subtle
day
and I really really like clothes out for
you guys today we were just talking
everybody and you know it gets a little
hard to yeah you know we have but we
haven't seen people at a long time it
sometimes it's just like we just wanted
to have a friend you're like in the
middle of a conversation it's a little
hard to be like I'm sticking once again
liverpool's these guys anyway we hope
you guys enjoyed watching let us know
what you think of the majendie I put
Murray's information down the
description below so go check out his
stuff it's I really like it he's got
some really cool videos so do that if
you enjoyed magicka and Solingen do they
kept making fun of me because it was
like really enjoyed by everybody cause
like everything he was like showing her
tricks sometimes even off temperatures
like what like I wish we were filming
that he is the best react that's audio
ever anyway that's all we got for you so
I hope you guys enjoyed watching and we
will see you guys again soon
goodbye
