you lose those guys how you guys doing I
hope you're having a good day I was
thinking today like do you guys know
that girls didn't yell per goalie cast
the outside girl bad baby I was thinking
like how many times has she disrespected
me hada this asshole is not about to
come for me
right dumb rice bum life go right
asshole my name is it a white asshole at
the other times you called me a tone
deaf
oh my god his face looks like a toenail
oh yeah and then all the time she called
me a bum oh yeah now what times you made
fun of my voice for no reason it's all
right she's kind of annoying
oh yeah and this just sounds so much
better I don't like her voice man it's
like you can't even talk right you
fucking me speech class over oh yeah and
I didn't forget about that other time my
skin's a dumbass house cuz an asshole
like this this is an asshole I'm not a
kid I'm not an asshole either I'm gonna
dull so I don't know why did she say
that and that's all the time she wanted
to get physical like if I ever seen him
one day I'd probably bust his fucking
head in oh yeah don't think I forgot
about the Asian Neapolitan junk that
would hurt my feelings the bones he
looks like the Asian Apulia died away
but God I'm not even done yet the list
goes on the amount of time she has
roasted slash disrespected me it's
unbearable tell if my fingers you push
cause in your ears it makes everything
sound better is somehow writes gum you
still sound like a dusty ass cockroach
beat I don't know fuck you think you all
that fake ass Gucci jacket on and you
know ugly ass room which a big ass hair
do big-ass fucking cheekbones we do my
fucking victoria justice I want all my
fans giggity music I am a toenail well
does this girl running her mouth and the
thing is she dropped another view today
she's talking about me again I'm just
sick if I'm putting into it right now
I'm done and what's wrong homey now I do
just my real business
that's all you need to do stop asking
questions part of these okay I see the
blaster you okay okay okay now you know
I'm from the trap face looks like a rat
came straight out of LV now LV is on the
bag keep bragging about you getting
money but the label take a half Hey
add it up quick math hey you just broke
it you sad little girl I don't know what
you wanna beef about you are not what
you tweet about you are just a lat
looking girl who Twitter just made a
meme about if you got money you bring it
out those writer just bring them out
what happened with young boy you weren't
a bitch you want to keep around if you
really couldn't keep him down how the
fuck are you 14 went rumors and you
sleep around shout out to the Eagles
shout out Philly deli meat around but
just like your dad you got a girl I
wanna be around really obvious a big boy
with the gangs looking big things I just
started to invest that just fit on me
cos my Bitcoin you ain't getting no
checks record labels taking all the big
coins you can't hit a hunter male little
bitch I'm making big noise
