it's time to handle business let's go
we're on our way there's a little bit of
traffic come on bro he's right here bro
we should do two bird dogfight yo the
man is in the house what the fuck you
doing editing squad basically we kill
somebody and we're burying a body don't
tell anyone I'm never killing anyone
again this is taking way too long
alright guys we're all done here the
body's under there just making sure
everything looks normal
everyone here we never speak about this
moment again boys and girls work to a
little team dinner right now man I want
to introduce you guys to some once is
comedyshortsgamer 'he's first time in LA
first time in America Dawg yo wait so
you've been here before I'm not here but
where'd you been in LA yeah brother she
ain't even special anymore bro I thought
was your first time here is not of a
special girl
nah bro you said you never ate at
Cheesecake Factory before no first it's
kind of good way have you heard that
Drake lyric it says why you always
fighting with cheesecake you know I love
yoga
No okay well the register I said a
40-minute way out of its worth before
our away yes it is dude a there's a
water show look Alyssa wait why yeah
yeah do it do it do it
actually that he's doing today we have
every race light-skinned white zebra
super dive an indian bro we don't have
an indian yeah we do your indian oh this
fool just asked me about Africa what is
Brody
she thinks I'm a pro good bro it's not
me people think it's me with the wig is
not what though yeah oh is it good good
chicken
tired yo guys I randomly have a lighter
just laying around my house not like I
smoke or anything but for some reason
the homey way to do it there's no way
you don't know how to do it like bro
it's really not that hard whoa first
thing first thing I notice man boobs
me versus comedy short boobs
that's like kind of body shaming another
man he literally was mad at me for -
you're making fun of something that
could be out of someone's control and
everyone should feel comfortable on
their own bodies and everyone can look
however the fuck they want like bro I'm
dope this like honey she was getting
close but he's in the same stance
jiggling we gotta pull up what hold up
was good first official day in LA so
what you trying to do today man chill a
bit I mean I could show you LA or we can
like handle some business let me see
your business would you man like you
don't handle some business because like
people been talking mad early on you I
feel like we should just pull up on it
yeah like I can call the uber let's go
to his house and just see if he's about
it in person do you know he lives in LA
like he probably lives like 30 minutes
away
I mean seriously do you want to go
it's time to handle business let's go
from UK yeah well is this adidas oh yeah
oh wait we all know just kami kami hi
yeah thanks bro all right guys the uber
is here it's time to go
uber uber uber was good boy are we
pulled up a location this was my idea
how you feeling man I'm sorry you got a
seatbelt on cuz he know what time it is
we're all aware there's a little bit of
traffic who are you ready me talking all
that shit when you what why did the
phone take me to the garbage kid Noddy
nah he's not in there Bernie's not in
there brother
uber directions brought us to the wrong
location dude I think I guess the
Internet thought his house was in like
the garbage trash can so that's why they
brought us here but now here we'll put
in the other location hold up all right
so we drive for like 40 minutes we got
lost early went to the wrong spot I
think we're about there about to pull up
come on bro he's right here bro he's
talking all that shit call you boobie
and shit like what is that all where are
you where are you oh my god no no no
chill chill chill
my GPS messed up umbrellas to the wrong
spot this is old house we've really been
driving for an hour drive to the wrong
house I'm sorry man this is your first
day in LA bro like if you'll deserve
this bro I'm sorry I know you wanted to
fight him because he's plugged-in this
shit Dada I'm sorry I brought to blamed
my phone it's my phone full our chicken
tikka do you wanna get some chicken hi
my brought you to the wrong location but
I made it hot but I guarantee you it's
good first taste test do you forgive me
beside you dive right into the wrong
spot
