now we're on to a mission it's really
late guys we have a music video shoot
tomorrow and we need to secure this car
so are aware to pick up a car but wait
we're not done yet it's pretty nice
oh we just got the wave out guys so
basically what we just did is we little
bird from my house to go to this guy's
house or not house apartment to pick up
his Mercedes I this is not gonna be in
the video this cars I think like 250,000
I've six to 68 not good enough my dog
scored we always gonna have the off
scored why is it silent well hi guys
I've been in quite a few cars but I've
never been in this court exactly so I
don't even know this is like the real
deal or not but oh boy we just made the
transaction I didn't film it because it
was awkward but the hub this blue ooh oh
look at the crib the crib always lit up
so nice ooh all right guys we got the
whip whole lot about to pull it up right
quick pull it up pull it up Oh music
video time oh okay here oh yeah
what's up that was fucking scary as hell
mr. bags do it do it do it my neighbors
are sick of it bro bring these fuck
ourselves a slap of slap slap of
Louisville hold on to your opinions just
for your food and slap you
that's soap respectful alright guys it's
the next day I called that part because
it was kind of awkward but right now
we're about to get some breakfast Oh
about to get some break fast green and
purple
I mean wanna service is that the curfew
Jesus oh yes I just got fed up breakfast
is the most important meal of the day
when I walk way I'm staying up all night
or shooting a music video all day so I'm
gonna be tired I mean and it's under
filming I legit just got done eating I
should have filmed me eating I had like
a key cedilla a strawberry smoothie
pretty good back home music video shoot
just got two really special deliveries
first we're on repairs know what this is
it's CDC it's like some music festival
I've never gone before your boy is about
to go this year and then I also got this
year's like what is this right basically
it got sent to me and it's really heavy
but now I have to fluff it out I need
your help
alright what the fuck it looks like my
nutsack you just gotta break it up
because they sent it and like one like
blob should I kick it really hard yeah
mate as hard as you can cause I have is
that English socks yeah bro is that easy
bro
oh it will I will I'll go down to wake a
bar you ready
if someone walked past at the wrong time
I want to hit them on the neck and just
killed them oh we're gonna play a game
where we stand on it and when it's about
to come we'll run out row did you ever
play that game you get a volunteer you
fucking shoot in the sky and everybody
runs away and if it lands on you die I
want to play that oh yeah guys this is
kind of random but 21 sandwiches
actually our neighbor it takes you weird
and like his cousin his brother all that
and they live all over there and we're
kind of cool with them and they might
come over there and we might hope I'm
not sure but the Bros is about to stand
underneath all chickens the same thing
is this so you've got to see who can
last the longest
oh and the winner gets a shout out bro
wait wait I wasn't ready I went back
into the elevator headed back up alright
guys this was not my idea what they want
to do it again I'm gonna get a better
view at this time I'm standing right
here yeah three yo we clean it with
water day right now if we not again she
take it we have to pay up two hundred
bucks on the line all right
okay get this right you fight
presentations like this in the London I
got for ya hey hey oh
here we go on Bros we're going to watch
alligators tattoo in that hot water wait
is it permanent Oh our brush yeah yeah
yeah me yeah remain low-key yo fuck on
me yo what's up bro how's it going done
yeah but you brought to you inked out
like that Romeo I used to get inked out
dawg
really you guys won't shoot you is this
hand the hand yeah I don't know flood
your now at 200 if you could just hand
oh did you hear my song yeah bro you
fuck with it it's hard
dude you cook them cooked it good shoot
how did that make you feel so good here
in the real world now here in a row
make it real moves dude you try to break
it you'll do it do it I'll do it
you've gotta do hahaha no dude you gotta
jump up there though
Bree sure do it hurry girlfriend this
Walmart has a fuckin mulleted guys why
is this store called Haute our RC toy
alright guys so he has a broken foot so
we're about to get him a wheelchair
driving with no keys I can go do by the
honeybees all murphy's buddy like
Applebee's can I beat em yeah I had to
go call me up zippy right up the road
I'm in unison refills
now you watch all my stuff okay not a
bitch down on a bitch now oh it's our
favorite part of it was it it was it a
flat moment that I guess on you like to
thank burger off 7-way kill you dab
all right back home now it's nighttime
honestly guys life is so good I mean
look at this view that like is this real
life right now like what is it going huh
thank you so much every man to the end
of this video and also if you watched my
music video yesterday and you liked it
thank you so much for that also for some
reason I really like watching other
people's reactions to my own videos and
just makes me so happy
I could tell that you used to bully kids
back in high school second part for they
kill that's what rice do like a leg
goose rented cars and not really like a
fake - let's go back to the bully thing
listen here and one day back in middle
school or was it senior year did you get
caught like it interference she's right
don't call me rich gum killer dumb rich
now oh my god they got the whole squad
haha well that's gonna wrap up today's
video guys I'm going to try to post
every single day from now on I'm gonna
try and drop more music maybe weekly
baby once every two weeks but I'm
dropping music uploading every day but
if you made it to the end thank you so
much drop a like comment I read all
comments and subscribe if you are new
got a minute
ha
