gets caught trying to break into his
neighbor's house just hear that what is
that like clicky sound Joe he just
looked really horrible and there's like
a guy right there all the guys like
fidgeting over the lock like he's trying
to say break into his house I wasn't
doing anything a Brahmin remember doing
anything I promise I wasn't do not let
me do something which I wasn't new to
the Doozers front heading back handing
him all that yeah I wasn't you know I
wasn't I wasn't wrong listen I was
trying to fucking figure out how to get
my door I know it's fucked up I was
trying to fucking have an outdoor to do
it on what the excuses made no sense I
guess you didn't play again in Kabul you
have to have a back-up plan his excuse
was like his door lock at home was
broken so he was like practicing on his
neighbor's lot of it like it doesn't
make any sense
so you're just aa bro I swear to god
dude did you just let them so far that I
felt it
oh please that's where he huh you know a
home dude oh that's how great in your
house you stop
I'm not afraid your house hear me did
you hear me do my doorstop number I'll
try and get another door
if you how to do it and I'm sorting out
what brain your house you're so busy
this guy looks like so and I can't put
my finger on it but I'm Jamal this is
actually better this is my wonderful ha
ha
know what no we're just yeah this is a
what the fuck Joe what up Joel behold
this kid knob you have there a half no
no one who is this yo dis - gonna bring
in my house
Oh Joe what Joe - Joe no Joe this can't
be happening right now
someone really in my house where do you
go where does this guy go like I don't
have any cameras on the wouldn't do he
did in the gym bro what is going on she
was just working out in my gym stop
using my equipment are you gonna see
what's going on right now are you seeing
what's going on right now
there's some random dude in my house
she just took a dumbbell he did not just
pick it up
he just stole a dumbbell oh no where
does this all my guy he's on the fourth
floor
where is this guy why do you hold it
around one dumbbell bro what is guys
screams I'm so scared ready bro
what if he has a weapon shit this is
happening to do it was how is he and my
honey we get in why is he touching all
my stuff I'm too ugly died and wise dude
in my house get out of my house bro
what is he why is he my full trader
don't take the groceries he just grabbed
my gallon of water yo I did the trick it
took like out of water not the water
just put that back at least dude this
guy's is over here playing poison making
himself out you know where my steer this
time instead of Chrissy yo you know I'm
gonna go talk to them pick this guy once
we do my how to suck with my waters you
know yo yo who's in my house show
yourself bro bro bro why do my house who
are you bro bring us why are you in my
house I'm working
why do you want to bring us oh my god
was arrested my boss over look wider
picture why's my house bro and was it
really helped it wasn't you broke in my
house what I saw where's the water in
dumbbells we're the water I don't know
well dumbbell I think you took a
dumbbell
you took a dumbbell bro hey you took it
up you think
I do this is ah
you
