see it'd take me four weeks uploading it
sickly like three days so I'm back
anyways the other day I came across this
video I saw the first ten seconds of it
and it gave me a lot of a cringy jacob
satorious feel so I was like why not
react to it
follow crap off the bat I didn't know
the gabbie show and the cache male tiger
was friends I mean kind of collect add
up no appear in their music video but
off the back at the middle schoolers in
the back checking out this girl you know
peeping people once you got going on I
believe this was 13 so I started the
music career early there for her what
was that would be one day for the
handshake completely misses and then
what would you give to hold me a hug
like I've never eaten any of my movies
only that was just a really awkward way
to start the video you stick to his
tongue well it's me add even smell in
Monroe yeah I might even miss Marilyn
Monroe
yeah my Marilyn Monroe yeah I just don't
get it how can the hook of your song
like the catchy part of your song be yes
I'm a diva miss Marilyn Monroe like that
doesn't even arrive nothing I haven't
heard the whole song on top of that
Marilyn Monroe isn't so he should be
making a song about she's 30 all our
fans are young male in Monroe you know I
have drunk bitch like she died by a drug
overdose
I mean I'm just not feeling that too
much manaman 4 million fans and they all
sing young bucks
Wow okay so now she's flexing at us
she's like 4 million fans and they all
sing along but life does she even have
for Dorian says the video he has 3
million views she has 67,000 dislikes
that's quite a bit for you though I mean
and then she'll have a hundred thousand
subscribers when I check her Instagram
and she only has 752 on Instagram so
where exactly are these four pencils too
much swag even on my hoverboard I just
have a 5 degree all in my head when I'm
dreaming everybody wait wait a minute
whoa wait all right so first things
first you just said musically all in my
head when I'm dreaming so you're telling
me this is yet
like those aren't even dreams those are
nightmares that this random guy just
walked in I first operated you lips
master billion I don't from somewhere I
just can't put my finger on draw I just
saw the candle draw what what are you
going to do about it
oh there's this application called vine
and is dude used to make some on there
and they weren't good but I remember his
face somewhere anyways what what why did
you do that dude just do this
twenty-two years old this girl is 13 at
first I was confused but I believe this
girl did yellers thrown a party
this girl's 13 throwing parties but I
mean the party is it little no look at
the ratio there's like six dudes four
girls there play what water don't just
stand around this it was seen on the
ground like this exactly no cops no
bottles no nothing it just looks so
boring and ping-pong like what I would
not have cave like up 20 if she invited
me to this party I was dead huh no way I
don't know what we're weird I'm thirteen
year old girl throwing a party or like a
22 year old dude showing up I'm out
anyways resuming
holy fuck
what was that what was that calm and not
what was that that was so bad like you
should try again and you know fix it up
tell your producer to change it up a
little bit the dollars hurt my ears
again with the plastic man she just
called herself myth I got a million
views I mean who calls themself that who
who who even says that this I got a
really abuse so like my last song got 13
million views so can I call myself
mister I got 13 million views like
that's who ladies says that tomorrow
okay look at this car nobody even has
the CEO the driver doesn't have a see
Bob shotgun no Mastodon there's six
people in a five-seater
there sitting on the car like if that
crash were to actually happen those
three girls in the back or flag out the
freakin fries where are the cops at Lee
this is not okay like driving is really
dangerous and these kids are just
clowning around
let's rage a wider just rage it randomly
appearing but I have to see this guy
years and she just said you are now
tuned in to the song of the year we all
know the song that year is this didn't
hit her but I throw like an old El with
the spike moves yo not the course again
here we go it's her saying Marilyn
Monroe 20 times again
yo this is part of my Jesus like she
makes me even sounded just did this
trash man this is awful man I can't take
it anymore
and to it
