I guess Matt I mean I'm sorry I I know I
haven't posted in three weeks I did
explain so basically I moved to LA last
month there was just so much going on it
I just merely needed a great protein
everything and so I did my turn I went
back to Vegas volunteers who were really
excited to see me
go down with so I'm back home with that
what's up I'm back home did you miss me
yeah yo-yo ma
I'm going to I'm back home oh I'm back
home cool did you miss me yeah
but anyways I'm back on YouTube guys and
just me being away from the past three
weeks I haven't watched any videos I
just haven't been keeping up to date
with anything but the other day I went
on YouTube and I came across like the
weirdest video ever
oh my god oh my god yeah life's gum
explaining his money problems own snap
to it I honestly don't remember doing a
snapchat and saying it I don't even have
money problems so anyway I click on the
video oh my god is rice gum going broke
you want to win all the gift cards down
below just leave a like subscribe turn
your notifications on make sure you
leave a comment on a BB gun and hit
10,000 fight I don't think you guys can
do this to prove me wrong so I click on
the video in the first 10 seconds it
just him promoting asking for life I'm
like what is it
I want the whole bit
life was wasted and there was no
explanation of me having money plummeted
him making up lies this was one of his
theories
I'm sure currently he does have the
money for this but I think he might be
starting to run out and recently he's
even got himself a new whip got himself
a used Range Rover Evoque this Range
Rover is actually one of the cheaper
models going for around 40 to $45,000
this you know very freakin expensive but
it's not a Lamborghini or a Noddy wait
I'm broke because I bought a $40,000 car
instead of a Lamborghini but like that
does it make sense does it make me broke
anyway I finished the video such a waste
of time and it's not another good one
declare my eye and I'm like here we go
again how is this rice guns new
girlfriend you want to win all the gift
cards down below like subscribe turn
your notifications on make sure you
leave a comment and enjoy the be
deliberate a few different pictures of
rice government Anna floating around you
know but they were at parties together
and they were hanging out so it was
entirely possible that her tricycle were
secretly dating for sometime Hanna
someone else that rice gum may have been
dating is an Instagram fitness model
summer Rae so they were clearly
flirtatious with each other I can't have
female friends or something through my
friends as someone else that rice Khmer
have been dating is a list of violet she
had a pretty messy breakup here recently
with Jake Paul and rice gum could
actually be in the middle of that you
know there are actually videos of Elissa
and rice come out in clubs partying
together
this pretty much leads me to think that
they could have actually been secretly
dating or seeing each other if you
listen closely I said I was just trying
to inform everyone that there was a
midget bottle girl I've never seen it in
my life and he's assuming that I was
involved in this cheating scare like I
freaking hate it yeah okay so you just
using my name for booze I'm a little
freaked out I calmed myself down and I
was looking through his other videos and
I wasn't the only one he was using for
views he was actually doing this with a
lot of other youtubers he made one about
ksi quitting YouTube Alissa violence new
boyfriend BAE's roar getting his
girlfriend pregnant the gabbie show
admitting she lied you also may learn
about Cueva leaving the migos which is
even true like none of these are even
true and it just goes to show that it
will literally say anything just for you
to click on his video and so it came to
me man you'll need to spend hours making
videos and you know having good content
because all you need is just a good
title with clickbait you know it doesn't
even need to be true you can just make
it up this place somehow managed to get
19 million total views that's at least
$20,000 at least all of his videos are
10 minutes long also this is so clear
but it is a sort of finesse and get the
most money
so you were earning some quick money
create a channel on youtube.com then
record a video for 10 minutes it doesn't
matter what it is you can record a blank
wall for all I care
upload that shit and now here's the fun
part you can make any title you want for
example PewDiePie comes clean about drug
addiction make sure it's something
catchy the viewer wants to click on and
do not forget to put snapchat story at
the end of it just so it's a little bit
more believable and then you're going to
go on Google find a sad picture of
PewDiePie add a little caption black
bars and bam you have a masterpiece and
last but not least make sure to put
hashtag clickbait challenge in the
description because at the end of two
weeks the video with the most views that
participate in the challenge we win a
humongous spot so go out get creative
and let's get click waiting let's say
you make a video and it doesn't taste
good it don't change keep trying and
trying and try and eventually you just
have that big good look everybody and I
will see you guys tomorrow here's a
little sneak peek yeah
