fourth-quarter it could be me any second
oh no what is up guys today is the big
days this Super Bowl
yes I know NFL teams have been trained
their whole life for this moment but I
don't even care about that the thing is
though it's called the Super Bowl like
I'm expecting people to be bowling but
they're playing football doesn't make
sense but today in the fourth quarter my
Super Bowl commercial is being aired
live but we're at the story now pick up
snacks because we're going to like the
Super Bowl watching party I don't even
care about the game I just want to see
my own commercial because today's my day
but yeah man you know it's always good
to bring snacks like a party about to
come through I feel bad yo we secure the
stuff as skinny we have a ride yes we
have a theater at the crib oh we decided
to pull up to the face house because
they're having a little get-together
most people are here to watch the Super
Bowl I'm not I'm just watching the
commercial looking this big-ass guinea
pig bro are you sure it's the guinea pig
it looks like a king of roof damn you
have an elevator it's like the same size
as our elevator so before the Superbowl
starts man the boy is gonna show me his
new crib we in the Hills we're always in
the Hill damn it has a nice get-together
spot over there okay damn this view yo I
think this house might be better than
our house bro bro look at this bed this
is gigantic but I want to move in bro
your house is cooler than our house
washing here's a fridge dishwasher what
this that's a microwave oh yeah so they
have one floor to floor 3/4 in a
basement so that's technically four
floors but you got eight and then he has
a gym and then a pool area do I swear
this house is kind of cooler than our
house now I'll just carry my house is
the best house on YouTube hands down
anyways I was thinking like
advertisements all you choose like no
one really pays attention like they
always skip the party's over America it
been commercials on TV man no one pays
attention cuz everyone go grab snacks
during the commercial but for some
reason man Super Bowl commercial
everyone loves them everyone pays
attention to them and guess what I'm in
one I haven't seen him before you guys
haven't seen either so we're about to
watch it live together pac-man you don't
need no pole you just gotta crinkle the
bottom look at that it just stands bro
it's all the way to the top to numb
saying oh it's a pussy yeah man I don't
know where the house tour guy went so
I'm just exploring this house it's like
a maze
I don't know like this house is so big I
swear it's the same size as our house
but the thing is my house is like just
more modern this is like that old white
you know would it feel to it now over
all the pretty cool house the view is wo
you see one kiss IFI and you think that
you could be Mayweather something I
showing me what you got har describes
you guys everyone pray guys he got beat
up by this low key guys that kiss I
fight really inspire me to come hit the
gym and just get ready in case some
youtuber ever calls me out on this ring
hi I haven't seen you in a minute bro I
thought you were supposed to move in and
what happened with that damn we are
actually watching on the big guys I
cannot wait to see myself for the first
time I haven't seen it show so NBC call
is in the fourth quarter it's the fourth
quarter right now I don't know exactly
what it is weighted fourth quarter it
could be me any second
bro that was insane I saw myself on the
big screen but the game is still going
on but I'm just like no that's all I
need to see I'm gonna just go home I
feel so good right now I feel on top of
the world I wish you guys didn't feel
how I'm feeling like Lilly if you do
have been watch sports you have to know
the Super Bowl is the most watch
televised would have been in America and
the fact that I was on TV and people saw
me like literally my phone was blowing
up all my social media is just starting
to blow it up just start up pop it up
everyone started talking about me so I
thought would be pretty cool to just sit
down and just read over what kind of the
world just thought about my Super Bowl
commercial because I feel like the
support you guys allowed me to what you
guys gave me there is nothing in the
world that I can't I like how my time
went just exploded when rice come up
here oh you got to understand man like
as soon as my commercial wet life as
really my life my interaction everything
just everyone's talking about it was the
coolest thing ever Bryce come on TV what
is life I don't know what exactly is
life man you still watch the Super Bowl
no crazy how two years ago I was
watching these kids must be stopped and
rice don't have 500 K subs now he's in
the Superbowl commercial life comes at
you fast man you work your way up you
got to start somewhere about boys and
girls if you want to do big things
you've got to start somewhere but if
you've been support us this to beginning
I love you write stuff in the monster
commercial looking like bubbles well
today's my day like today's my big
moment you know really about to roast me
but we don't have to look like - all
right still want a Super Bowl commercial
and I'm low-key happy because it shows
that youtubers are becoming so much more
risk for someone other than rice don't
know okay wait just why did you just do
that why couldn't you just give me my
props
give me my credit well you could've
easily just left that last sentence out
of the whole equation let's go away for
making videos in his parents basement
being in a Super Bowl commercial follow
your dreams good okay
my parents basement my parents don't
even have a basement in the house I
don't know where you got these facts
from but what are you talking about
Wright's gonna may have not gotten into
YouTube rewind but the guy made it in a
Super Bowl commercial good for him okay
listen think about all the youtubers
that were in the youtuber you want now
think about all these youtubers that
were in this Super Bowl not that many
you know I'm probably the feels out
different us but so everyone hate on me
talking about I shouldn't be on the
youtuber you won it doesn't even matter
you to rerun is like right here
Superbowl commercial is up here I'll do
it big day why I just washed up rice Cup
on my TV bro plenty of packs of smart
agents out there come on
what does that mean who is washed up
what other Asians are doing it like me
I'm really dug in the hills and up
low-key just getting started like way on
it I'm going up was that I even raced up
so many Asian Edwards look away
that was me plum now right still
building a pair of headphones
everyone knows the man's a fucking idiot
what are you talking about the fact that
rice cone is in a Super Bowl commercial
makes me so angry when he did the same
mix he said mails me so angry
like if another human doing something
successful makes you mad makes you angry
and this is for all the haters out there
because there were so many tweets and
also so many loved well I can think
about me is the reason why I feel like
I'm so pop it is like I have a ton of
fans but I have this same amount of
haters so like that's doubled aside I
mean I don't even want people to like me
as long as they know me know my face I
mean like that's Fame you know I mean
like I'm fine with bad but look man
seeing this tweet and seeing all these
other haters is being mad at me for
being this commercial it makes me so
happy like I love I love flexing on the
haters like I love flexing it in general
but just flexing the hands like being a
super uber is such a flex lol rest okay
keep my ass wait what this has nothing
to do with commercial how this comment
get here wait hold on though Wow
but if you guys show love online and I
didn't show your comment in my video I'm
sorry I wish I acknowledge everybody but
I love you guys so much ya guys today
has been a pretty pretty good day man
things have been going pretty well thank
you for all the support but look I'm
pretty hungry from better don't eat with
the squad why are all my friends so
famous man like there as well as you can
see here other guys out here wrote the
elixir here right there so he's trying
to say he's taller than me no you're not
so I made a video roasting ugly God's
friend here'll ahem and Timmy thick are
like best friends and I made a video a
while ago hoping for that but I don't
care how think he has been this has to
stop I don't want to see this ever again
how do you feel about me talking bad
about us everything my friend is nobody
that you just
I mean I don't really think he's that
thick I see thicker kids that when I
just got a case Adela got some rice over
there what does it look like what guys I
really got robbed it for my chain that
caught black hand everyone put your
seatbelts on Alyssa's driving that's
kind of mean but yeah boy you haven't
posted in a while where are you about to
come back come back bro well that joke
was excellent excellent
nacho guys I need
you know ice boy check the eyes we got
the eyes no you wear keep the clown gang
merch if you try to hold me back when I
keep on advancing when I'm looking at
his hand
- it's so gigantic I come and steal
bitch my pockets be 100 bill I'm in the
Hills bitch my soldiers did a hundred
milk
