what the heck is this what is going on
like give me a brain you give me a break
no I was up all night editing outlet
i'ma get some sleep this is three hours
as the Edition just woke up I'm so mad
right now I guess I really pissed me off
like I really wanted to sleep in but the
construction really woke me up it's all
good so I got this brand new tripod in
the mail this is crazy I having to see
what it looks like but I heard crazy
stories oh we get some food and we're
stupid capture some dope fish no no no
no no it can't come close come close all
right guys I have an agent like to start
addressing don't go ice king compost
compost I'm not good enough fall away
from respite of always on my spell check
your Twitter join so you guys are always
active out there
thank you carpet I'm always reading
comments you're the best
I'm post win it with me flip it I just
want to get it Danny up or anyone stop
point it on the phone with my personal
driver he was to pick you up about the
go home because I have some important
business to handle I don't want to hear
a bunch of front a lot of bad stories
coming out of one joint a medical book
in the state of my mind mound oil at a
root stomach going for the title I just
wanted I can do it for the money do it
for this price take it like a man I
don't take it like put money on the
table like a Russian witch fight because
I'm kind of trying to be Instagram
famous so I got to do this real quick
guys so basically this sweatshirt just
came out like an hour ago and basically
the people that ordered online it comes
in like a few days so I'm one of the few
people to actually like get it you know
I'm saying so I'm going to take a real
quick picture so I get into the fence
I'm basically trying to apply a stop
sight I feel like that will make a
really really dumb visual
and with a 50 I just wanna bark so now
the moment we've all been waiting for
yes this is my new car if you're
wondering why I'm not vlogging at the
dealership you know it's tie on the
papers this is not a brand new car guys
this is my first car I just learned how
to drive like two months ago and I
didn't want to get like this nice sports
car and scratch it out they crash you
know I hardly know how to drive
I'm also Asian so I just not get this
used car has a doob miles on it a lot
cheaper and I could just use it to gain
experience it you know just know how to
drive in LA obviously in a couple months
I'm going to get exotic fast car but I
just don't want my first car to be a
nice sports car because if I crash it
you know that's going to be very painful
and insurance is going to go up and I'm
gonna lose all my money but just give me
some time I know this car sucks but like
I'm only 19 alright I don't know why
youtubers make it seem like it's such a
big deal when it comes to their car like
it's a big reveal my first car is like a
big deal but like I just need to get
from point A to point B man
anyways buddy I should know I got a new
car I'm actually happy because like if
all goes wrong I can just sleep in the
back of my car for the rest of my life
so thank you everyone so much for
watching all my videos you guys are
going ham please don't make fun of me in
the comments I know it's not what you
guys we're expecting but a Lambo or
Orion like you know in two months you
know State and sure
Oh
now that donut I live on my own ideas
you know buy my own groceries and you
know stuff that actually actually really
hard
I advise it I retire show us these cool
drizzle will still be I know now let's
actually go shop
hi guys so there's a store called
supreme and they dropped this today and
there's like this really long line like
three miles like wrong line people were
waiting to get this when you already
have it on awesome price okay nothing
wrong with my dish so I'm about to walk
by I see the reaction are so stand up
bit back maybe for free if you react
like that
working differently so basically every
now all day shopping all day just you're
making fields all day I'm so hungry guy
get some good in my stomach I got about
to cross the street real quick raka guys
I'm crossing the street illegally oh
fuck fuck fuck fuck no backsies here
I'm alive got my sandwich just ate my
food and out stunts you're heading
people think YouTube is also a game the
high life is amazing it's always fun fun
fun but like every night like for five
hours
I just sit here and edit this whole
thing up anyway he made to the head
thank you so much it actually haven't
seen my room at night look at this
amazing view so you guys man should add
strong check out my below tomorrow come
to your opinion and subscribe share news
