hey guys it's me again so I've been
really an active on YouTube
I just been sucking but why does it give
you guys a little update on my life
literally life has been so good I just
been relaxing chilling when I have as
little checklist you know that I kind of
made up and all this lips I'd trade with
all the things I want to achieve before
I die it was stuff like can't kill my
parents financially be able to sleep
whenever not late enough to alarm not
having a job not going to school and
there's just all these little things
that was basically doable because of
YouTube so thank you so much to you guys
right there's one thing left on that is
I still have not yet achieved and if
something that money can't buy I wanna
tell you guys you have to call me weird
or labor or whatever but my whole entire
life I've always wanted a really like
shit body because not only do I look
good and you'll get girls or whatever
but I'm also healthy and I feel good and
healthy I said that play but yeah guys
this is me without a shirt on you guys
can see there is a lot of work to be
done I have no were even close to what I
want to be and the thing is I've gone to
the gym before for hours an hour and
I've taken mine again so change now all
these supplements while I'm working out
I see no games at all I'm doing no gay
so I'm starving there's hope man nothing
is working at all but earlier today I
came across this video have changed my
life it can potentially change your life
too
what's popping to the caboose have Rome
and today I want to share something with
you guys okay so the other dogs walking
down the street with my friend and then
a dude saw me was like holy shit you're
just a soul big and I'm like think what
alright guys you know after him saying
something dude complimented his chest I
looked at his chest and no homo but he
has a really nice you know must alert
perky chest you know there's dope but
for some reason I can't really where
exactly are is missus I mean it's just
one solid color and it's simple like I
always tell people did but people don't
take it serious
well today I'm going to share with you
guys okay what guys you just said in
order to get a good chest like head it's
simple it's not even hard and you're
just going to share us all the
information right here for free like
that cuz this is going to change my life
I can already feel it hold it I'm a here
I'm out if you guys want a big check
okay you guys just have to do plenty
let's go play every single day no way
that's simple what that's 20 push-ups
every boy push-ups every day every
single day every day you wake up do 20
push-ups or maybe in the evening do 20
push-ups no let me guarantee you that
guarantee you guys will get a big test I
thought it was harder this is not hard
people people making people seeing
people think it's hard I thought I'm not
hard to get a big check what guys I've
been in the gym doing bench presses
sweating hours in the gym in reality all
you're going to do is 20 push-ups that
takes like a minute so I just want to
share this with you guys
thank you and Tim thank you so much when
push the horny push book and I'm giving
you guys 6 months
if you do on 20 push-ups every day in
six months you have the best check what
I don't believe it
Kairos is promising all that he says
guaranteed I got play push-up six month
if you're at home we should try it
together like I said you got to do it
every single day you can't just do it
Monday and then stop losing a lot if you
just have any one you push us every
single day any pressure okay every day
it's a boy Tyrone and I hope you guys
like this like comment subscribe and
highlight your boy when you see them the
club amazing one clip of f4 exact simple
and I can guarantee you guys
like not do I look like a fern you know
right to you I'm going to be just really
smooth guys just like that
actually how tomorrow I think is going
to be the six month like today like five
months something I think I'm going to
check the database so yeah I think
tomorrow is going to March the six
months and time flies so fast and at the
beginning I really trusted Tyrone and
all of his methods but I don't see much
improvement but tomorrow we'll check all
the measurements before and after
weigh-in see how much weight I gained
all that tomorrow but I want to sleep
and six months gone by that fast Wow
oh holy shit bruh it worked
why not a guy oh go to him
I got shown hey guys so you know the
business result of doing 20 push-ups
daily for beginners you know it got my
chest pain I don't have any nipples
number the only thing I didn't know is
that you would turn me black I mean why
didn't say that in the video they should
have told us that come on guys he should
have told us in the video man why didn't
tell it but all you guys are scrawny out
there and want to get jacked
good you do 20% of the day hey you never
know what forget out of here Oh what no
way 20 push-ups a day is going to make
you look like that and the reason why I
felt kind of matters because I thought
Sarah was the homie you know I don't
even spin in fact I was believing them
you know he made it seem like it was so
easy so simple and Omega and so I was
doing it six months I got no results at
all Sottero I have definitely not about
the highlighting at the club and howl at
you boy when you see them the club but
the world is solely at this whole random
video is anything in life that you want
like anything you want to achieve
there's a shortcut there's no easy way
out if you want those enough
work hard and not take short touch does
off the top but yeah guys I hope you
guys enjoy this random little video I
will be posted a lot more trust me on
that I usually do my own outcomes but
this pattern is really good at it I'll
just let him you know take it away
those two boys might forgotten I hope
you guys like this don't forget to like
my shit comment subscribe and haul out
your boy when you see him the club
