right here man
I don't want to be into it but you can't
just get into it just like a really
small hole so I gotta jump into this
stood ready also Alex pulled in on the
challenge and she did it and if you
always have like three people help them
get into it I'm up to do it all by
myself
you can't do it I think nobody in the
world has ever done something we're
gonna cop it you're gonna pop it you're
gonna pop it oh my gosh you're old get
it get it all the way up without popping
it yeah it up
okay hold you up okay
jump or kick it really do it is just to
give this body time
yeah please
there we go another time wait don't stop
puppy okay I'm down a minute there you
go he knows golf all football
oh okay that's awful dated like a
blow-up get it ready set go there there
O'Hara okay okay
you come first
how's it lovelyz's not you're in it whoa
how is it I'm gonna get into our forms
yeah they used to throw me to the ball
tips okay yes yeah wait you wanna do
some great stuff lately nothing is going
my friend is hot so hot Oh Gracie look
like a row my god you're going headfirst
my lens go judge oh my god get me move
you can take laptop
okay not at all
it's also our word I got so what balls
everybody's in here no I'm coming I'm
not help you oh my god it off right
there we got you bro
whoa a few moments later
how do you anything literally get a
motive like we're getting horrible oh my
god are you okay so we just got her food
how's the food pretty good that's a good
time just got my spoon analogous turkey
sandwich killed it green tea about to
kill it
she got so what are you eating Thomas do
you think so we just leave with molasses
and I go okay so we just got done eating
I'm in this makeup store and I know this
realist dragged me to go shopping with
them I don't even want to really but
they're all you're trying on makeup and
stuff sauce is over here you know my my
own business
looking at you and you love it oh really
cannot sleep of course you like blood I
look serious or just Campos or how much
it is 750 thousand the back oh my high
so we're still shopping
I think these ladies want to go to
Victoria's Secret I've never been too
big for your sink before but uh so
apparently this girl roasted her on
snapchat recently Yeah right here yes
and see the easy access right in the
hole so the straight to the chase
no no small foxes has the whole local
you want that I don't want that problem
here perfect for us if you're not trying
to awkward everyone okay
oh no should I I feel like you want to
buy okay I guess here I'll just run a
quick ad guys so I could make the money
back how to be gangster it's a DVD for
you I caught it right scum making sprite
Victoria see your purses there's many
more to come
when you listen what is wipe your snot
ah yeah guys know I'm a pretty good
friend you know if we hang out in the
future you know I would buy all your
stuff how are they still shopping oh my
god
we've been in the small for life car
three hours and they really just keep
shopping I'm not buying anything you
know I'm not in shock after I save my
money because you're the guy it's your
duty to welcome anyways look how many
bags are so we'll show me oh no oh my
god oh my god is that Bryce Comstock yo
TMZ can we get mixed cluesive oh my god
this looks cute into the gating stuff I
having a good day now you're right
you're fine now
bro my day sucked but I didn't do
anything
I got dragged everywhere these two girls
kept going to shopping store to store to
school to store and I was just standing
there bro shopping and shopping -
shopping how about once a year
where's that if I got a jacket gonna
suit what for me oh yes we'll see let's
see yes how much is one city 150 has
been $150 yeah 69 today I will leave
what matter closed
I just got this new jacket you may be
nervous no so those here's my jacket yes
bitch right cuz I try to hold a camera
and to the road yes thanks for cool
right so how much do you think this
second was worth
take a guess cuz he get and he yeah he
was pretty quick don't you I don't know
anyway designer I feel like Alex when
you look at I do 2,500 whoa whoa oh yeah
yeah way closer he was like 100 shopper
okay
try try whispers how good whoa about it
whoa whoa whoa
