good morning guys I just woke up and I
guess I fell asleep in a ball pit
yesterday speaking about balls my friend
he's like a youtuber and he came to my
city and we played basketball the most
insane basketball game ever was so
insane
and then like it was super windy outside
so the audio got messed up so I had to
like edit it and do some endo and turned
out pretty dope check this out
you
you know what did I tell you guys that
was the most it's like she was a 10 to 1
I had no Gibbon that all day I'm not
losing undefeated still bottle if I'm
wondering where right now I'm in LA
because you guys were looking for houses
like earlier this year I love looking
for apartment houses in Vegas and I was
like why am i living myself to Jersey is
because I'm only living it biggest
fellas you know more than something
daily if I if I was important things I
would not move go to Vegas Indians it
like there's nothing going on we just
got done looking at apartment like we
just got done and I found out where I
want to live where I want to stay
everything is all sorted out I'm moving
in like April flag book yeah bro yeah
literally I just broke so we just
dropped fruit and busy I have it's a
while ago and all you guys things busy a
fancy Chipotle like your salsa you know
you know a she Freddie she dismembers
out did you really have an acid it's
like what are you give them beans was
rice what did you get in what you doing
very so touch about food dog alright so
I just got that heating but there's some
of you that when you guys with me hold
up a little bit what's up guys and I you
do it buh-buh-buh I'll but question yeah
safety is number one priority is number
one priority rose by CPUs not bomb
priority don't have apartments drunker
than heating okay hence right now if
we're going to get a quick massage a
quick massage yeah
he's a lot of bad stuff you know I
really dunno yeah he's never done to
push it before time to crack that back
way
ready you like it
this is the fun part I like this part
alright
oh yeah head off get your lack little
dysfunction relaxes let this go here
purple oh god please these jumping jacks
go to the Joe Jack whoa you really do
that so we just got done to do was
cracking the shell my back bro it didn't
hurt I just felt amazing our slides and
still a massage and I feel great and I
want to go home and to get that right
now but she's like wait we have one more
spot to go to so I'm just like you
seriously said it's a surprise so I'm so
Apple exciting I'm all stressed
I'm not a hopper this tank is gonna
shoot this look at how we're dress right
now but this thing is like really really
cold as we go in it and you like recover
all your muscles I'm not sure I'm also
fine now you you'll pull the center door
open
I love it behind you when I keep the
door closed I'm gonna show your timer
you didn't hear you to pump it and then
superest you juice it you're good stand
it's not bad don't forget were worldly
beautiful forget it yeah the only enough
word
get back in there really are you guys
how do you in there as a roof well he's
been there for a minute
I couldn't even last 10 seconds I got no
stamina how cool is it cold
yes I actually came here yesterday and
it was so good that I had to come back
yeah cigarette shake shake it out for
drink and they said what about a dog ice
cream all the glut so here's the dog so
I was like I'm going to give them a
pleasant can't do that yes you like
because you choose biting and barking at
me so hopefully he finally likes it
alright so I just tell my food and this
is the most painful part walking back in
kind of a far walk and just having your
food a like you want to eat it so bad
but I don't have enough hand on so we
got up some dog ice cream I wanna taste
it so bad but you know I don't want to
eat his food in front of him it's okay
he's very hot now whether it be like
what you just lick my food
nah he likes to share huh kind of good
here we go guys he's always barking oh
shit
where's that cookie oh no that doesn't I
was working on cubby he like oh he's
really wicked oh he loves it
well he way should I take it away no why
he do / love me so he's gonna get bad
so Alex told me I could either crash on
the couch or in the ball pit for a min
the ball right now about to go to sleep
in a second thank you so much if you
miss it and I really really do
appreciate it
but right now I'm at the point where I
just want to settle in and you know get
my life all figured now I'm trying to
move out move in all this other stuff
though it's pretty hard to post this
video off about trying my best so
anyways if you made to the end thank you
so much new video tomorrow at Thomas
Stephen Thomas and I'll never break
