Roah keylight get out like we need to
drop a video like Lully bro we have not
dropped a video in 7 days what are you
doing bro I'm getting up I relax no like
what are you doing like why are you
doing that
Oh like that was just so good I save it
for later hey guys it's going again so
when these kids left me stop season 1
you know I kind of are not I we we kind
of focus more I like the crunchiness of
the musically but this season I was like
why am i living myself to just musically
I'm pretty sure kids are being weirdos
on other sites so this is these literacy
stop season 2 episode 2 let's go
so I readily saw this on Facebook and
when I saw it I love like please oh
please this cannot be real no way but
this should actually exist
look at that show what are you kidding
me you guys are probably real rice
what's the big deal
are you seeing this so basically on
Facebook through this page called epic
under-18s nightclub and I was like oh
should a club for kids that are under 18
because I'm 20 so I can even get into
the Astro Club the after closer to be 21
right so I keep against it so I've never
been to any club ever anyways I see a
club under 18 club I quit I'm expecting
like you know 18 year olds like maybe
some 17 year olds but you know like
older kids you know how to Club that are
kind of mature I go to this page this
kids are like 12-14 like look at these
pictures like I'm not too really just
for roasting these kids because like why
are they square it up at me like that I
asked you madness respecting because
none of these kids can whoop me and look
at me kid on the far left bro please
tell me he does not look like that but
like it's just so funny so I'm assuming
like a photographer just goes around
there just takes pictures of people and
for some reason all these girls keep
like covering their faces because I'm
pretty sure they're not supposed to be
there like hey mom can I go to the
movies or can I go to you know study at
Rachel's house
just pull up to the club so long kids
know what parent would let their kid go
to a nightclub and look at this last
picture on yeah they look young but look
at the control what is this mother
clearing brawl like who wouldn't walk
out the house like that that shit is not
fresh at all so this next video alley
randomly saw how was this chick must be
stars right and there's a picture of my
face though I think it's about me you
know some nations really take offense to
this word change you know I really don't
care but you know let's watch it
together so what's up hey I do and today
I wanted to do a video on the old you
know ching chong Bing bong of YouTube
and of course I'm talking about the Jack
that all the children love it's rice
congee you know a lot of people have
made videos about the chink man Oh guys
I'm 10 seconds into the views already
called me ching chong Bing bong a Jap
I'm not even Japanese I mean I chink
like these I don't think especially his
words but I feel like she's like
attacking me for being Asian I didn't do
anything wrong she's like 10 years old
who taught her all these mean words like
she's in her room in her pajamas about
to go to sleep but she's like you know
what before I sleep I got to make this
Asian guy just feel like shit for a
little bit so let me just get this out
the way
but like what did I do to you man like
anyways speaking belt races people I
actually saw this line I was studying in
this classroom and this happened right
in front of me Oh like wow who does
daily if you're gonna say than Geo
saying this face and you know Stan you
can't just say and run away like I can't
stand people that use that word you
fucking nigger
so they give you a ton of comments
telling me to talk about the cash me out
sad girl visitor who this girl is she
well dr. Phil instead haha and so she's
beginning so much attention for just
saying this phrase like she hasn't
fallen arouses beginning interviews she
gave five million followers on Instagram
like she's has been doing really good so
does she really have to be stopped
because she came from you know stealing
cars misbehaving and getting into fights
and now she's kind of doing it big so I
mean she technically doesn't have to be
stopped the only thing that I don't like
about her if she went back on dr. Phil
and she's just so ungrateful
you've gotten a lot of tension on the
internet since you were here is that a
good thing or a bad thing
well what's good about it
I guess it's good for you is I made you
just like how old form aging you weren't
nothing before I came on this show all I
gotta say is we all know about you
because of dr. Phil a without dr. Phil
allowing you on this show no one would
know who you are Sabrina come up here
and be mad on grateful and you should be
taking that you should be massaging his
feet no shyness foreheads because this
dude major career without dr. Phil you
wouldn't be nothing on it so quick up
there I made a video called these
couples must be stopped and there was
like a ton of like videos online of
these couples is making out in their bed
and they're really really done right so
I'm over here like you know this is not
okay I get so many comments like rectum
I think we're all overreacting it's not
that big of do
you're just having fun it doesn't you
know what maybe I am freaking out right
so the other day I was on YouTube and so
I ran to this video about this girl I
tell a story about how she got caught
with a boy and her roommate her parents
that matter her oh it was pretty
interesting something know what let me
check out some of her other videos right
that was a good video let's see her
other stuff and now she's pregnant she's
like 14 and pregnant you know and that's
what happens when you're in a room alone
with the boy right so when people say
you're freaking out over this stuff am i
though cuz I'm just trying to help these
kids wait what is he trying to find in
this pocket what is he doing what I
think he's doing
when Cuba to show that on YouTube oh my
god so it was the best way to end this
video is to show some random tweets from
random people because I showed some
Facebook stuff I showed some weird
YouTube as a weird Instagram stuff but
Twitter you know I haven't really
stepped foot in that territory so let's
take a look being raped low-key a
compliment like they thought you look so
good they couldn't resist fucking like
yeah it may not be the best way but in a
way he try to tell you that you're too
good to pass up by raping you like what
what is this girl talking about about to
play some ps4 I'm not your typical girl
like this is not even a PlayStation 4
controller like that's the Wii U
controller well I just killed an idiot
stuck in traffic
ugh this guy is even a kid again has a
beard but anyways if you zoom in on this
guy's glasses cuz I have been in traffic
like dude hella open space like you're
not slick wanna spend alot wink on every
photo how do you gross bail a pregnancy
test just study low honey for a
pregnancy like this guy's an idiot like
why why don't you get why are all these
kids so stupid but yeah guys I guess
it's gonna conclude this episode of
these kids let's be stop thank you so
much if you made it to the end oh my god
you actually watch my whole video you're
the best if you guys did enjoy make sure
to drop a like comment your pain who add
up these kids once we stop the mostess
that's the word I so scared of you and
you also will be dropping a video
tomorrow so make sure to stay tuned but
I think that's going to wrap it up thank
you once again and I will see you guys
tomorrow
