cherry pie good morning guys I just woke
up about to walk out there to see what
these guys are up to today yeah you wait
a Prower just won't go nah I'm just
going to have a good clock right what do
we have right here man ooh ooh
we had the NBA Finals tickets dawg oh
well of course I go to the basketball
back is about that Bernard Houston
basketball game it's huge it was last
year days very eventful I'm very content
with my life right now but today is the
grand finale what we've been waiting for
is like building up today's like today
my crescendo today is like whatever that
weekend out crescendo crescendo yeah you
have a wedgie summer do you want me to
you know take it out for you bitches I
think it's good yeah yeah one is so
happy 0:04 yeah we're we FaceTime away
FaceTime is it a four-way FaceTime I
mean if I tell you what it is it's 2017
welcome you're welcome to the Future and
we got magic chainsaw your losses will
have magic Jay we're on our way to a
tailgate I've never been to a tailgate
every well on for me I don't know what
it means but we're going I feel like
this is oh sorry
undo that he was still talking I
accepted I was sad like or in sort of a
space all right
okay so people these cars on the street
ale cars cars and look what is this
they're rolling right now this is this
summer everyone is stared at you behind
you run right now wanna finally got food
can you guys hear me it's really loud in
there really loud it's really loud I
guess
weight-wise I had to step out for a
second by message tell you right now who
I guess Rogers really excited to go to
the actual game itself so it's like
nothing applies I feel like somebody's
watchin me
hi guys I need to use the bathroom so
bad what
yeah oh yeah
don't do drugs in school all that more
Intel gay stuff is over it's Super Bowl
time no tap tap tap tup yeah I feel good
right now I don't know where we sit so
we're gonna find where we sit first
and then we'll go from there
Oh
half-block right now we're going up I
just back there was the one and only
madam no recognized what if you say why
are they recognized
this is sort of the second quarter
he corrected me is the sum of the second
inning yeah
guys there's 70,000 people in the state
70,000 Oh only seven expenses millions
of subscribers honey there's this
million how many stadiums is that early
stages of clothes are fine
ready I will really good day my bitch
you're bad bro oh yeah I can tell me
what you mad for like I think it's worth
$1,000 I feel like it's not over yet
like when you hear our money's worth a
zillion things over I know I know
everything I know bellezza 24-hour Joey
deep I feel like we should try at least
try what did we just do like overnight
overnight lay down over that doorman to
stay here whether it's here up there on
the field and no bathroom gonna be back
Mugen explore the stadium Super Bowl win
for our talents overnight challenge
ah yeah I'm jumping like an hour tour
surveyed around
let it cleared up though I'm mad Lord so
we're going to walk around where
everyone's leaving i stuff wrong it
might be fun it might be possible but
flavorless stay here for all night we
need get like a hot dog water bottle y7
I mean my Renault we need food yeah when
you cook bacon chicken burger effect
fries yeah I thought it was a good idea
and on top of that I was thinking about
all the views that could have gone but
there's no way I'm going to be like guys
we were there for like two hours and I
was like I'm not able to really had no
phone battery no water no food because
they stopped selling everything so I was
like maybe next year eh it's a recipe
for death next year no NBA Finals oh the
NBA final 11 this was an NBA Finals no
this was the MLB next year or next big
game we're going to sleep there but I
gotta come prepared cutie pie watch out
oh fuck you but Allah
yo rise go what's up y'all can't I look
good man alright listen there me and
cutie pie are instant beef right now and
I heard you also didn't like him yeah I
don't worry about son of a bitch one big
damn dude
alright listen I was wondering if you
wanted to hop on a beat together and
drop a diss track on them yeah yeah I
like the way that sounds
how amazing a mom
god knows what you think it was lychee
what's up dawg oh I'm so tired we made
it back home I'm gonna get Logan
actually I thought I should end the vlog
little Logan if I started the blog with
Logan yellow get browse the block what
would you deliver alone what are you
doing OOP please muscle chanseong
a kid ends vlog without you having
mini rifle you gonna happen whoa not bad
fun bro Ashley summer told me that she
thought that we went way back my
childhood yo she said that she was like
you guys always laughed me to stop right
this is my first leg past three will
hang seng yeah I would randomly run into
him but like I was like yo what's up
this is it you're not handsome
literally and then I flew down round
with dude and then we came together
replies we just killed Italy gun but did
you get yeah yeah anyways I had a lot of
fun first football game I'm sorry I
couldn't stay there for 24 hours but it
is what it is back home back to work
any last words yo we love you guys rest
come audience you guys are freaking dope
like this video like this video and we
gotta do that yes just anyways do not do
drugs stay in school I'm going to sleep
booze
Oh
