we're gonna close this can you drop Oh
what is up guys my hair is back to black
and I have it in a ponytail bun I love
it know if I can rock this but I want to
try it I'm actually at the airport right
now because the day I woke up I need to
use the bathroom but I woke up and I was
like you know what I need a little break
from all this drama and let's just go on
a vacant alright guys I'm on the
aircraft right now it's a three-hour
flight so I'm gonna take a little nap
and it's like I have all this energy
like enjoy my time I'm actually going to
a secret location I'll let you guys know
we're in a little bit so we just landed
safely
alright guys it just landed here
especially my first time ever Houston I
actually travel alone and when I travel
somewhere all by myself for the first
time I get pretty nervous hi how are you
positive the taxi drop me off the knife
that's the right place so I'm like
walking I'm in Houston all by myself
this is actually pretty beautiful
I'm actually here meeting a friend so I
think he's eating in here I'm gonna just
walk in and try to find him good Howard
I'm back bad news what my chicken
sitting here what hi guys Logan is like
the best friend ever so he ordered me
food but if I were to come bro I have to
weigh order 30 minutes right but it's
already here for me like I just sat down
I'm about to eat they were about to
bounce like so fun no friend of mine
will ever way from slave
are you proud of me look at it no that's
my boy late at all get that protein off
it well a low-key beautiful huh
well look at that building up there I
roll oh that's such a high building
everything is bigger in Texas now so
we've been standing here for like 30
minutes but our uber is finally here
back to our house right yeah yeah guys
so he's like trying to get vlog footage
right now imagine to like drop this
camera out of role of so you know how
we're going to the Super Bowl and you
know that way so have you ever been to a
Super Bowl game never been in Super Bowl
never real games yet I have never been
to a football game how is this a thing I
was just having big high school football
college football Yoshi shot I never bits
young you're lying you're like never not
even high school never know so this is
my first football game my man this is
this is V football game good the best
for you to be a what we just pulled up
to our place and I mean just wanna looks
up outside of it it looks pretty large
she's pretty sick all right guys so we
got here to our house this is like
someone else's house so we're living in
someone else's house don't touch the
lines rich what will happen don't touch
what the wine fridge we're going to pick
the wine 300 the heads off wrong way I
guess I'll may give you guys a quick
tour
is reaction so oh my god yo get that
shit out of me would have you scared the
shit outta me go your videos
three dudes and one elevated I'm in into
Lightroom
alright guys throughout this random
place and being a youtuber you really
need Wi-Fi
not just to you know use the internet
but to upload videos you need you want
you need Wi-Fi it happens like its water
but then Wi-Fi on top of water we and we
should prank her room
alright guys so this girl is coming -
her name is summer Rae and she loved to
walk in this door and we're gonna prank
her oh hold on
really nigga that's boring squit morning
everyone I've been lugging this around
yeah everywhere few inches later
what no better kid wanna know what is
that even in here always oh my god in
that bag all day long yeah she just
built a diaper for the dog and she is
wearing it about to being it can't this
is like like dog for never do what well
we're just gonna explode no no no we
just got explode on do you gonna fit it
to me right up dance to me we just go
expose we're watch this no we just go
exposed are starting to use some as a
secret code that we as parents can't
necessarily figure out often it's a
combination of emojis yeah like a face
with a zipper along with a couple this
could mean don't tell your parents what
we're going to do it's a Ponzi telling
people how do you figure it out that you
mean let's go sneak out of the house now
we can't is nigga no arrow and a flame
that can be someone and say to someone I
hope you die in a fire now look at you
you know they're going to know - cyber
bullying and cyber experts say Tyler's
online menu some of these codes as a way
to begin communication with young people
and they would say you have to tell your
kids you want to logo is a rather
positive about some of this stuff I
don't know what you don't reveal you
know so we're putting Matt Lord's to the
test here for instance if I fix your
flower what would you think that's a
hibiscus flower I don't know that makes
a difference I have no idea what now
this could be dropped
oh no we're doing it frog how about over
to my life activities it could be happen
to photography coaches can mean you're
ugly on you you're ugly parabolas never
ends i've been drawing yeah every which
behind this one I'm walking over energy
better go before you ran everyone yeah
but this is getting into the sexting
Aramis melpomene
sending pictures of you naked you know
Oliver :
what happened that we did information
leaked to the public this little boat
kinda Georgia you get blended I just
woke up and it is kind of cold in this
foolish like sleeveless I'm out here Dan
I mean I got this crew that got kind of
cold right now but look today is an
eventful day I don't even know what's
going on but I will take you on this
journey
we're going to explore together any last
word do so crazy
let's eat tuna fish
yeah so the next like two days I'm going
to be at this house chili and vlog and I
know people really don't like my blogs
but here's the thing about it if its
life is Instagram Instagram hit you up
in my hip here so free tickets here's a
free plane thinking here's a free how
she is bat you know I mean come down and
watch the Super Bowl I'm gonna take it
on it so she'll Instagram and then so
I'm just here chillin I'm going to be
productive is so you know block my day
you know make you go through my naked
surprisingly there's strong people that
enjoy the vlogs
that is actually pretty blessing
nobody's out there I saw her manager is
sleeping
enjoy your game and your sleep hey hey
about the personal is he doing some in
love a methadone back there we go no no
was it okay I did out and somebody to
Rufus man messy
hey I'm looking fresh got the crewneck I
got some G is not we are about to go on
an adventure I do not know what's going
on but something cool is about to happen
I think remember the number second away
see break it down or not buggies trainer
I'm so good
what oh good I accidentally bumped her
shoulder it is overreacted thinking okay
we have arrived at the first location I
do not know what's going on but I'm just
going with the trip where are we so
where are we right now
all right guys it's kind of loud right
now but summer is over there Logan's
over there I could have been on the
treadmill but I'm so lazy today and I'm
not in the right up arrow but they're
trying to sweat right now because the
sciences are going to measure their
sweat and make like the perfect gatorade
flavor to like rejuvenate their body or
something scientists crazy stuff I over
know what's going on but this is a
pretty pretty interesting set
that was a really really hard workout
they just finished how did you how did
you do that oh boy
we're definitely tougher yeah I mean it
was pretty hard I got the games damn
exercise dude I'm out here either sad
guys I didn't work out but they were so
nice they handed me a smoothie and let
me tell you these is pretty fire so we
just finished stuff that was really
really interesting I learned a lot of
things but our next destination I think
it's something list all right guys we
have just arrived at our second
destination but we have spotted up to
cock all right my god oh god there's a
foot cock right there
hold on definitely get yourself whoa Oh
so our special guest was nice method
invite us over he has a little fireplace
all set up I think we're best to meet
him what's that bro right which in its
twenty nine by Antonio starts to his
wife comes up
silly silly you fresh roll always bro
damn this backyard bigger than my whole
house bro it's aplicar la be if you make
it from right there I'll jump in the
pool everything going nah maybe if you
make it from right here bro I was up in
the pool ah great Thank You Maya this
good up is no sense bro he's up this
trip he'll go I will jump in the pool
no I'll oh no could hit damn bro yeah
bro that looks good actually that looks
good oh my god happens way fro baby boom
nothing at three-pointers Oh almost got
that last feel so now I'm gonna shoot it
and if I make it if you stop it will
kill this happy but I'll be here a party
oh shit
right huh doesn't look like human is
rocky we not alcohol don't be
embarrassed right with this chains on
and the watchog this will is dripping
those are on why do we do that no one
even prompted you you did the shit I
know that's his lifestyle though he
doesn't be doing it living on it living
on the edge
Ellis thanks for having me over we are
done with that leaving to the next
location the store we're going to close
that for do you think they're going to
be tight step on it step on it we have a
rise we actually arrived in one minute
early if I dated every 59 right now we
made it boys
we fucking could go on that either here
is letting manager Jeff try on his Super
Bowl ring wool difficult one lead how do
you feel I feel like a chance yo
literally I just like a man it's too
much power bro that's amazing well thank
you so much so I think summers trying on
some pants right now if you actually
told me to let her know if they look at
or not so I'll be the judge you know I
mean I'll just let her know
we're a change respected yeah look I'm
pretty good on you
you like me yeah you should definitely
buy them hundred percent
oh okay sure
roll you got to get that - oh nice on
you - I'm not a gamer I'm Jenna bro I'm
going to do it the chest is almost like
zooming on the train and you should wear
this tonight I wanna make it mean a kiss
if I could I put my whole damn head
