hey guys it's me again so a lot of
youtubers have been talking about this
recently a shout to Ryan and Jeff I feel
like me being Asian you know I got a
defend my people
so recently comedian Steve Harvey made
some pretty offensive Asian jokes I have
again a white woman a practical guide
for Asian men excuse me do you like
Asian it no thank you
out of date a black woman a practical
guide to Asian same thing you're not
Asian me I don't even like Chinese food
so basically you're trying to say like
Asian people aren't attractive and when
it comes to dating like a wet girl or a
black girl the answer is automatic no as
if we have no shot you know as if it's
impossible which is so not true I mean I
probably get way more bridges and Steve
Harvey but the thing is basically my
high school middle school days I didn't
get any girls at all they all my friends
did but for some reason I got no luck on
top of that recently all these
masterpath videos for some reason I keep
getting panicked okay
I'm sorry Brian and I and I have to go
to these master pass right dumb ass up
okay my dude right job no what no what
you don't even there's nothing to eat in
then what is it just not my type so I
can't just figure and complain and be
like Steve Harvey take that back what
you said is wrong girls do fight us are
trying to because I mean I don't know
what Negros like or what they don't like
somehow Steve Harvey knows every drugs
preferences but I will have any idea and
I don't necessarily agree with what he's
saying so the only way to really find
out is to go outside and ask them babes
okay so there's this guy named Steve
Harvey and he basically said he knows do
not find Asians attractive do you agree
with that
no okay are you saying that just because
I'm next to a where's you laughing
laughter everyone everybody yeah that's
a really good ugly exactly was that my
name in there attackers
yes so am I like attractive I was cute
yeah attack do you think he's attracted
or just like if you had to rate like
white boys blackboards or either the
Mexican place how would the possible top
three with I think I'm the personality
right all those girls were mad Boreas
seem so uninterested in me maybe Steve
Harvey was right now I'm just kidding
guys I don't care what anyone says no
girl is just going to X you out and say
no because you're Asian right I don't
have a lot of young Asian girls out
there so do not get discouraged all
right there is someone out there for
everyone and if you have a good
personality and a good sense of humor
and you're just kind of ugly no not too
ugly and you really need to be
attractive just don't be too ugly then
you should be good to go
but yeah guys I just wanted to talk
about that because I feel like me being
age and I should be out here you know
stand up and defend you guys and just
for all you ages out there do not get
this girls I could not stress it enough
all right when you said is not true but
that is going to wrap it up site does
you really think I'm going to end this
video with no punishment I mean he was
really talking shit on me on my whole
whole race the audience's laughing geez
Louise is embarrassing us in front of
the whole world there's no way I'm gonna
let this one slide you went way too far
I haven't made one
a while but now I'm really mad let go I
get it dude oh sorry guys I had to do
that because like no one disrespects me
like that but anyways I'm out siren on
with my mother we are about to go house
shopping remember I told you guys I
wanted to move out and live on my own
well look at that condos and you know
condos are cool and the one I wanted to
rent was like five thousand a month that
you know I will never not be able to pay
that like I can make rent every month
but the thing is you add that up you
know five times twelve
there will be $60,000 a year just on
rent because you don't even own the
condo job renting it I don't actually
own it so I'm basically just throwing
away money and that kind of adds up and
you know YouTube is an apartment so the
best way to value your money I feel like
or my mom was telling me was if you were
to buy a house and then you know you can
live it in in the future future future
if you don't even live in it you can
sell it back for like the same value and
you can have it you know people rent in
there so there's a lot of you know
approach to it so today I will be
looking at some houses oh crap dude this
place is gated ok I feel safe already so
I think that's gonna help them up a look
at your this whole neighborhood got the
craziest design alright so I'm looking
at this house or this I'm not sure but I
like these houses because they don't
really look like regular houses it just
looks like you know something unique
alright guys I'm at the first place
can I see myself living here I don't
know man I'm going to literally be Oni
I'm not renting it I'm going to be
owning this property this is kind of
crazy guys so I see this little door
hold on what what does this lead to
guys this house is crazy hold on guys
where does this lead to
I'm going up bro I'm on the roof of the
house you know you can locate kick it up
here what hit this
oh okay guys there's like a stairs where
you can go on top of the house and just
kick it again alright this is option
number one not that not that not that at
all if such a tall roof wait I really
like tall roof
it's dope is dope and there's a pool oh
shit whoo I guess it'll just sound like
I'm going to jump in the pool
alright you got two likes already ah
alright so really get some more places
cuz you know I want like three to four
to pick from because I'm really picky
it's what I be staying out of place for
you know a long time I'm going to settle
down there you know I have to be perfect
so we're going to get a few more all
right so we arrived at our second
destination these houses are even bigger
Oh like the fact that like I can afford
this and potentially live in this is
mind-blowing like who to thought man but
yeah we're going to go inside
girl
whatever aniconism fuck off and all this
shit fat TV this couch right here what
do you guys this house is way better I'm
going upstairs right now let's see what
it looks like
dude I think it's three stories I just
walked up once there and Hansie ah
pretty there's so much room bruh how
many rooms is there guys I'll be living
here all by myself so I think it's kind
of too big but I mean shit I mean
there's nothing wrong with having a
being oh man oh I'm gonna go up 1 1
going out to the third floor
oh so yeah so and we're back on the top
of the roof look at this fireplace on
the roof right now but this house was 50
times better same price - so this might
be the move all right so we just looked
at two places I am just in love with the
front of it like I really like again I'm
really considering I mean it just sounds
so good you can buy a house living it in
the future if you don't want it you can
sell it back to not lose any money
and I've in focus but it just sounds so
good well yeah guys today I did well you
guys know what was on my mind and kind
of what has been going on in my life
I've been really looking for a house I
didn't show you guys too much of it
because I might buy that and I want to
do a full house tour so I wanted to
spoil anything but Phileas are the main
main reason why I'm able to afford a
house at such a young age so I should
know all the details and you know can I
help me pick out a place but yeah guys
super super excited man digging a brand
new place soon Asians are attractive and
Steve Harvey knows look like a ninja
turtle I'm not even exaggerating zoom in
on his nose right now but the eyes there
put the headband whatever
is a ninja turtle well that's going to
wrap it up thank you so much if you made
to the end I haven't posted a lot of
videos lately so if you haven't seen any
of my recent uploads make sure to go
check that out and I will also be
continuing this activity so keep an eye
out for some future videos or I got some
heat coming your way have a great day
and see you soon
