tell you guys meet again for recently
there has been a ton of allegations
around my name and I was going to take
this time to clear it up because a lot
of it is not true but no one wants to
watch that and that's just kind of
boring
now top of that there is much more
serious serious problems in this world
alright breaking news breaking news this
picture was just posted a by a fan the
caption says best day ever and it shows
Jacob Castillo said and it is true he
loves his fans just showing his handsome
love you know that's what I see well
apparently this was an inside job right
video just surface I've been going up
and hugging Jacob asking for a picture
you know the guys like quickly click
click and then she's like hey can you
kiss me on the cheek he goes ain't use
it and then she snaps her neck and
kisses my kid we got a slow-mo all right
so it's pretty clear that she turned her
neck and you know he wasn't really
planning on kissing her on the lips so
she like tricked him and that's kind of
weird and awkward but he ended up like
hugging her afterwards so he wasn't like
too upset about it so I thought really
it wasn't that big of a deal because
like who really cares about this but to
these little middle-school girls right
this was the end of the world Trump is
president kids in Africa are starving
but this is much more of a bigger
problem let me show you so we're going
to go on Jacob Instagram and go through
his tag pictures and literally every tag
picture underneath has like some big
tarragon which is a girl just crying I
first when I click that I um because of
her I might even quit my FP I'm trying
so hard to stop crying I just can't oh
my lord she kissed the love of my life
how do they so water how could I not be
mad especially since I've loved his boy
for four years four years is a very long
time if she's 13 right now she's loved
him since she was nine what four years
I'm just sick of everyone talking about
this I just might even take a break
cause of them a break from what she
basically ruined my dream why are your
dreams
kissing Jacob when I was a kid I wanted
to be in the NBA a doctor you know these
were my dreams and aspirations this
grows a whole life dream is to be it's a
kiss today job what I don't know man I
think people are kind of overreacting
it's not that big of a deal like who
really cares but let's read one more WTF
is one was it read like now we can't
just take up on the cheek anymore
because of your selfish action do you
think you are special because you ruin
people's lives whose lives is being
ruined well guess what you are fakes a
lot huh sorry for my delay would but I
have sopes that I absolutely hate her
like these girls are so angry of so
hateful like who is this huh let's click
on our profile brah
like she is way too young to be
stressing over this type of stuff like
she should be learning how to color leo
be focused on school
I fucking hate his brain she ruined
their lives and millions of fans
including me she thinks it's okay what
she did and go to gym that's abuse poor
Jacob and Portland poor us but like
she's so like this girl's probably young
but like she's so done in house our
whole life ruined because of it just
doesn't make sense you're not plugging
this in black and white because this is
honestly so disrespectful I love her
profile and all of her posts are in
black and white but this one is not just
no I got put in color just to emphasize
how angry I am and how much of an impact
this is on my life and your phone your
tour this phantom apart and now there
are rumors Jacob is kiss on his tour
because people are clearing themselves
people are cutting themselves because so
what I can't take this anymore like it
is not that serious broad like girls
everyday should be focused on school and
maybe take a cooking class this girl's
out ain't cave and come so you know like
do something that has been a fish or war
your future you cutting yourself over
Jacob isn't gonna do shit I don't know
you guys think like I keep up with
Jacobs life and I know all of this drama
and stuff because I had no idea you know
I mean I thought about this because all
of his fans for some reason tagging me
in all of his posts like this for
example talk about this respect I'm not
keeping this up for long but go on this
bitch's account in tag a transcript as
many times as you can
I don't understand what tagging you have
to do and stuff like this at right make
it stop this should not be helping these
kids must be stopped
how could I make it stuff it already
happened like how I'll have a fucking
time machine please
stop tagging me Lilly I did not stop
being tracked everywhere so brother Jake
your fans out there it is not the end of
the world or there will be better days -
please stop tagging me I have no
involvement this but since you guys
dragged me into this I actually take the
Jacob and ask him about it and this is
exactly what he texted back what I'm not
stopping touring so for he is crying oh
my god
you know she filmed genitor I'm not set
it was officers offers in a moment and I
want to be respected as a human being I
so that's all alright so I realize like
this video was really short so after you
know all this drama I need some fresh
air
so I'm truly at this casino right now my
friend has a room here and she store a
little party so I'll let you know what
I've been working pretty hard so I
brought the little guy because I can't
leave them home alone I mean I got to
take care of them so we brought with us
to this function so we're about to walk
in I don't know what it looks like so
about to find out right now doors open
oh this is for you this cool I guess
I've been the better I want to live it I
gave my egg over oh shit then what was
the Laurie 20 this is really weird
this isn't good
brother the hello bed brothers hello bed
whoa bro Twitter so this apparently
there's a show called the real world on
the MTV apparently I mean I've never
seen a but they filmed in this room and
they filmed in this house and now we're
in this house
so I'm crazy Oh surely got a fish thank
you oh thanks okay okay I this is
literally insane bro we were just
chilling you know mining our own
business and then up here we got one
knows their place
not even a warning bro but if they
warned us we wouldn't know fix our
mistakes probably really paid a couple
rack for this nice little room and
literally we did in a warning they're
just kicking us out you for no reason
now really bad come on can you I know I
was a chick who has a baby I
he had the baby and I'm in this guy's
car I'll ever know who he is honestly
like tennis brand are we in the shed
and a very interesting blog new way to
treat in the floor everybody is gonna
see one more Thank You group
arrangements for every senior good
morning guys me the world guy just woke
up and we got home safely okay um thank
you guys so much you guys made it to the
end I'm not just playing my life where I
do not give a crap about what haters say
man I mean like for a while now I've
been trying to change my ways trying to
make more people like me but that's the
other day they're going to hate you no
matter what and there's already people
out there that will like me for who I am
so there's no point of even changing so
this is one of the videos where I just
you know through together as it's just
like a little vlog or whatever but a
tomorrow's video it will be a lot better
if you guys did not enjoy this one I'm
sorry you know I mean I like to go out
and socialize and I feel like everyone
should once in a while I've been really
working hard but if you guys made
Samantha you so much the little guy says
please subscribe you go tomorrow
please go support comment I'm reading
all comments now once again but if
you're a hater I'm not reading your
comment okay I love you
