the family may get more Tagalog okay I
wanna get my hey guys it's me again so
I'm kind of freaking out right now I'm
really nervous because I'm not to go
downstairs and break some really bad
news to my mother basically these shoes
right here are worth like 1.2 1.3
thousand dollars I accidentally bought
these for one place by I'll explain
later how it was an accident but I'm
really nervous right now manly IRA
straight-up shaking right now because if
you know anything about Asian parents or
just parents in general they really
value money and they hate when their son
or daughters wases it and the thing is I
did something very similar to this a
while on my Sega channel and my mom
freaked out and it not react well at all
so I already know how this is about to
turn out by so quickly how did I buy
these shoes for one play 5k on act I
swear it was an accent on so there's an
app I'm not shouting them out because it
is the worst app in the world but the
ethical goat which is weird should be
acronym for go stands for greatest of
all time and there's nothing great about
this app anyway I was on the app and I
saw these shoes and they were listed for
1.7 K right which I wanted to try to buy
that but there's another option where
you can counteroffer where if you want
to do a lower price and if there's
someone out there that has these shoes
they can accept the counteroffer
regardless right so my counteroffer was
if the shoe is in the price range of 1.2
to 1.5 because they told me to pick two
prices if it's in that range I will put
test lead by I'm not sure anyways I
submit the counteroffer and the next day
I wake up it says you're to offer ends
and accepted right usually on eBay or
Amazon or you know any site where you
buy stuff online it would always come
back no to me and I could you know
confirm it if I actually want to you
know go through with it or if I don't
but this they had no confirmation they
just took money out of my account right
on my odd ya know just a big
misunderstanding of an email that maybe
like an have a refund my badrai I
emailed them and they straight up said
no reflux and I'm like I just
accidentally bought these shoes I'm like
that's so lame imagine the top
some guy that had a kid or had to pay
rent where he had to put food on the
table he just accidentally bought a
thousand dollar pair of shoes where he
has to start now
whatever man I'm already oh yeah I
totally forgot I actually placed these
orders in November it took literally two
months I got even January to get to my
house so this happens anyway I'm about
to go downstairs by the talked to my mom
about to get roasted probably and
hopefully I can learn a few things and
humble myself mom I recently did
something I tried to keep it from you
but I just can't anymore but oh I bought
these shoes and they were a thousand
five hundred out of an hour
all right Donna no well I am i buy on
accident pack it up and we are in an
iMac you done lined up how how can I ask
you that because the website like messed
up and there's no return only time mommy
daddy huh okay no Jamie Jamie gamble
gamble a medium or a gallon I'm Ellen
Dina how do you think it's worth that
was it was nothing and what we need
Allah
Johanna made more ganglia more regarding
Magellan Morocco's Coco : booyah I'm on
Andrea my policeman money omnia 1/2
sitting back tiny Mogan ant ant ant ant
ant a reggaeton Angola Pomona vamos a
ver yeah no yeah no yeah no yeah no yeah
but I won't buy that much yeah go up
every day unite bombarded by precise mop
Mozilla like me when you try one go
within a target you know yet
- you know my la-la-la-la-lady no ha ha
ha Singam attack Oh No
I'll show a bird shell that's always on
you $50
don't move out no oh la la la la la I go
second hand Amanda with you huh if I
tell you things I thought I will get
ever more than you did when you the
media with the balloons and we are ok so
now I'm gonna stop me I'm glad I'm truly
sorry for what
sorry Glenn I am underground we can get
movin anion okay I'm gonna give em wha
never
every time I'm digging the other died on
top of the buckle but you can tell yo
song and her song and I'm sorry mommy
mommy mommy I'm G forget it let me tell
you very much yeah would tell me what I
won opening ah ah yeah all right I'm
sorry
why would you hit my thang
so you guys had to see that
I think I'm grounded so I can't even
leave my room so I'm going to be really
really bored so if you guys can drop a
comment I'll be reading a lot of
comments that keep you entertained but
I've been really active on YouTube I
post at least four videos every week for
the past couple week I just want to say
thank you for all the support and all
the real ones if you're a fake supporter
get the fuck outta here man
anyways comment below drop a like
subscribe if you're new and I hope you
have a great day
