is this our first lucky person okay yo
wazzup guys how you guys doing I just
woke up your your way or is it better
that's not gonna work to do who knows
you who knows Google no no it says it
says perform at the Venice ice ice want
me to put ice on it
enjoy this is some ice right straight
right oh yo my neck feels so much better
I just need to put some ice on it but
man you see this cloud chain right here
you guys know I'm been clogging I live
in the cloud house I have clout how to
make myself and design myself an old
clout you guys know how I know it's real
- apparently this technology can tell
fake diamonds for real diamonds if it
starts to beep it real yeah cuz I've
seen rappers have my videos talking
about diamond stone bro so my diamonds
are real but I would never promote
something in advertising you guys that
you guys couldn't buy because diamonds
are like thousands and thousands of
dollars so there's an alternative
there's three different price points
starting at $79 depending on what
material you get obviously if you get a
real diamonds will be more expensive if
you get so that looks like real diamonds
gonna be cheaper and I just wanted to
make it where everyone all you guys
could afford a couch chain so we're all
in the same game but yeah man is free
shipping and once you find it's lifetime
guarantee so if something breaks you
know its lifetime so I don't know what
you guys are waiting for me if you want
some ice if you want the clout chain
just like your boy right now first like
a description you know I'm saying and I
was just thinking man people on YouTube
we're getting mad at me for buying like
thousand dollar shoes five hundred
dollar hoodies they were mad at me for
flex now I have like 20,000 on my neck
another 20 another like 15 I have
thousands on my neck how people are
gonna be outraged even more mad at me so
I have an idea
I feel like after you flex people won't
get mad at you if like you do something
nice because like it cancels out the
flexing so everybody saw this other
YouTube for doing it was Macy donating
money to attractive live streamers and
I'm just like what about all the non
attractive one like why is she
discriminating right so today I'm
donating money to anyone honestly it
doesn't matter if you're attractive ugly
dog milf it doesn't matter
everyone's getting donation I also used
to be the last rumor myself so I know
how hard it is to make money being a
small Shermer so basically they'll fund
these streamers that basically have no
viewers and just bless their day a
little bit all right guys I'm on Twitch
it's like this live streaming app so
people are alive gaming right now so I
guess
everybody get their reactions it could
be funny is this our first lucky person
okay she's pretty attractive that's
gonna help to clickbait here we go about
to send our money $10 boom boom
you're beautiful boom okay first one
sweet thing
oh yeah thank you right for $10 hold the
$40 way better than $10 this time smile
baby show me what that thing does many
things those biddies digs up trying to
find out I'm fine if she's wife here or
not like kiss she make a sandwich so I'm
giving her $100 I'm giving baby girl
$100 right now I want to see her freak
out come on baby girl right now sandwich
on three three one last big $100 series
get up right now and make me a Spanish
on on stream for one last big surprise
what kind of family now we're talking
what kind of sandwich I don't know like
maybe I were also baking maybe I want
some salami she's gonna have to surprise
me
surprise okay okay oh she's not the
biggest I said with all the wine
Yoshio some tanks Yoshi's back jelly I
was expecting like a ham turkey sandwich
she brought peanut butter jelly serious
fine I'm taking
lick it up like all right so there's
like three people in this last year me
pry her and this other guy the other guy
just type didn't lick it off right like
whoa what did you just do we play that
replay that
yo I can't get over that knife lick yeah
I guess you get the big surprise in that
here we go I'm leavin her $1 it's just
like a joke I'm surprised it's like
she's expecting like $2,000 upset yeah a
dollar we put some cheese they can't let
us you know I mean maybe able to drop
somebody down saying thank you for that
surprise yeah I wish she was a good
sport about our next one off to the next
one
all right this girl seems pretty nice
I'm just gonna throw in 20 you have oh
my god 20 dollars thank you guys so much
today
rice is that the rice w yes it is me I
am the actual rice come baby girl I am
the actual rice go $40 do destroy us
some nice positive box she seems nice
like a jolly girl here we go $40 what
are you doing in here the actual rice
don't get out please just donate your
stream I get idea I gotta give her
something that only I would say hold on
the whole wad in this stream can I guess
that's something I would say oh yeah I
can't forget hundred dollars here we go
alright fine I guess I'll stop it dead
exit out Wow okay on to the next person
alright I don't discriminate this girl
seems pretty nice I feel like trolling
her a little bit I was gonna say
something behind her move hopefully she
turns around
boy behind you moved a little bit
I'm not joking race gone thank you you
print the donation I have $40 to tell me
jack I feel like if you give him money
go to anything so bro do you been a
sandwich I think we're off to a good
start kinda strange why did I just get
another donation you a jumping jet why
Tony did $40 20 lots I'm so confused
yo so sometimes on Twitter people send
fake donations like stolen credit cards
whatever so people always are skeptical
I'm gonna let her know this is real
money she keeps the money whatever she's
like yo yo man this girl's here enough
makes me want to tear up there all right
I want to give her a compliment you know
to make your day a little bit better
are you single kind of bad like that is
a good thing like it's a compliment like
that is attractive no I'm sorry here we
go your race gonna be for the $10
donation and my single you kind of back
what look
and first of all this is a gaming
channel okay there's a same IQ pit
anywhere it's you can be met Seyi
harmony yo alright naughty harmony but
like it was a yes or no question are you
seeing what I was just curious you
didn't have to be so rude to me I gave
you $10
whatever man next girl man all right so
this is our next lucky victim I think we
just asked the same question are you
single because I guess that might piss
people off apparently let's see if she
gets better
are you single my single yes see it was
a yes or no question this girl seems to
be pretty normal just gives me a
straight answer the other girl wants to
get all pissy with me wait I am the real
rest oh and hold up hold up I need to
know
would you let my stub pipe parenthesis
smash I needed know would she let hold
up would you let rice Gump I smash she
really typing me up and looks good I
love here on him he's good-looking
my next girl I feel like giving this
bill a little compliment here we go what
that mouths do ten dollars to personate
price gun person a good girl I'm the
real deal like I'm the real risk oh all
right this field looks pretty
interesting I'm all about positive vibes
give her a good message you are the most
beautiful women in the world and your
voice turns me on
okay my dad started downloading during
the night that's weird no I was
complimenting you what do you write scum
wait is that who's that oh did you just
say who's that oh my god I'm irrelevant
now man oh man it's they're donating
money to attractive streamers and being
so positive let's donate money and mean
comments so attractive because if you
think about it how awkward is that if
you get money like $100 and it's I mean
comment you're just gonna be like we're
gonna because a few it's gonna be
awkward right you're gonna start out
nice so they're just like confuses her
no what's up with the donation sound
thank you so much rice go my
appreciation dollars you're very very
sweet
my sweet though that donation sound so
good I know my that's my best friend
Cameron
all right so present that donation sound
like the guys singing is like her best
friend or something that made it for her
this is gonna be off with I like your
screening but I'll be honest your
donation sounds fresh so salty I mean
I'm I appreciate the donations but
you're kind of mean you want to be
appreciative but you're like talking
 about my best friend
alright there you guys I kind of feel
bad I'm just gonna tell her I'm sorry I
feel bad that donations sound really is
heard in my ears
alright time bitch is mine your again yo
that was trash i'ma just be honest
I'll have to leave I take my apology
back you know I don't want to do it this
is gonna be so awkward
like the weirdest oh nice incineration I
am every show looks a like that was
pretty we're on my end too and they got
a trap Batman but if yours they actually
keep giving money to these girls that
pyro deserve it
let me know I'll make another video but
look I know I haven't posted like a week
or two I'm sorry I thought I needed a
little break Brownback no for real
actually back on Mike G post and I have
us two full commercial you guys know
football you know the final championship
game those two bulls are pretty hyped up
no youtubers out here made commercials
like me now I'm saying so be able to go
for that I'll be posting again tomorrow
I'm sorry for the break once again I'm
back I miss you guys I love you guys so
much brother support I really do you
guys stream yourself just tweet at me
and you know I'll go in there and bless
you with a few bad anyways thing guys
all so much for making til the end if
you guys did that base you enjoyed it
because you watch to the end and you
might as well drop a thumbs up you might
as well subscribe I'll see you tomorrow
