tell you guys me again so today I'm not
very happy man recently I've been seeing
a ton of youtubers do this master pass
challenge so if you don't know what this
challenge is basically there's two
people person one names off a random
person for instance Rihanna and then
person to a society who would smash or
pass the person smash meaning you would
have sex with the person tax meaning you
would pass up the opportunity and not
but the thing is a lot of the people
making these type of videos are couples
boyfriend and girlfriends is going back
and forth talking about who they would
smash and I feel like kind of weird I
feel like that should be focused on each
other and shouldn't be you know thinking
about smashing other people I was
watching these videos man and they were
just mad awkward I would you smash or
past Kim Kardashian smash all in that
thing smashing like a woman fashion and
see that red sand mud hi would you wait
or reaction breath oh honey what's meses
alright anyways oh boy yeah I also
realized a lot of girlfriends is he
Smasher pass bills were acting very
questionable would you smash old had Ken
against you would this guy than me
Travis Scott are you fucking what do you
need I'm also as surprised as Wolfie
because she just said that she would
smash Travis Scott unless you Travis got
bad goose bump was a hit I was a fan
before antidote but honestly Travis
thought really isn't that attractive as
a person I mean no homo but if you
compare next to Chris Brown Trey Songz
and Drake I mean he's just really not up
there so as a boyfriend you have to
really wonder like did she just say
smash because of its family money
because we know damn well it's not for
his appearance
now just kidding guys I think I'm taking
this way too seriously it's just a silly
Smasher path like game I mean I think
I'm overthinking it but let's keep on
watching man on to the next video woah
smith- past and Brad what if he was own
no when he was younger he's ugly he was
under the
passing passing know when you would know
who did this girl think she is not only
did she say passed three times but she
repeatedly called him ugly when she's
letting mr. Potato Head smash every
night but wouldn't let Will Smith smash
throw them The Fresh Prince of bel-air
bro got 300 milk Network
she's Oscar from short tail I mean I'll
be anything she listens in soon without
legend don't ever disrespect him like
that sorry I got a guy carried away
there I just hate to see the homie get
curved like that but it is what it is
so like that will never happen to me I
will never get you know passed up so I'm
not really trippin I'm sorry don't wanna
force Courtney like what's up with this
darling recently I began disrespected so
much and I don't know why like I'm not
really mad at her saying Pat I would
want her to say Pat I mean her boyfriend
is sitting right there he looks kind of
scary and she never really met me or you
know knows my personality or like she
doesn't know me on a personal level so
her saying Pat is perfectly okay because
she doesn't know me for her reasoning
for things mass is because I have a
small leave me because I'm Asian that's
the stereotype is not true why honestly
man if her name ever came up in
conversation if someone asked me about
smash or past 100% past not because of
her appearance or anything just because
the one time you know I saw her content
and you know how she is she was just
being mad disrespectful like straight up
bro if I see her in person
I might have to square up because
honestly she disrespected me and she has
like a very interesting Khloe Kardashian
like body you know tight bill no bigger
shoulders bigger thighs so like it
you know some cute innocent and grill
you know I would feel back here she
would be defenseless but I feel like
this girl can put up a fight and she
looks tall she purrs like a nice reach
on me it might be a good place so I
wouldn't feel bad but I might just walk
by and seen her and I just might get a
flashback but yeah man she killed my
vibe man I don't even feel like making a
video anymore my confidence was up here
now I don't even have any confidence
left man like I need a confidence boost
and I would go outside but I'm too lazy
so I'm not just hopping to some chat
room excuse me yeah did you hear me yeah
how are you doing today I'm doing good I
have Carrie let what's up to my TV tell
me straight out like masterpath no hard
feelings or anything okay that's not one
of your friends yet is that's not
obvious I get people to people chanted
answer the question why College
Hollywood would you really say I
probably I'm just straight up would you
smash her pad naturally no but would you
smash her pad bring me some vodka but
there's a dolt it looks like you an
adult you pop
and really they're from Nevada me too a
picture of my friend and two straight up
Smasher pass let's just type it you kill
me really you guys that's my friend
quickly quickly quickly
no okay so smasher pass I don't know in
between in between select between that I
used to you yeah cuz it's me I know I
don't know I just I'm more about a
personality I get that looks like rice
go
Milosh will tell me that not a bad thing
it could be a good thing those guys were
great yen for sure
