hey guys it's me again so yesterday I
posted a video and today I posted a
video so that's a two days streak
alright that's the start so chances are
if you're watching this video you're
probably lore middle school because you
know all my viewers are kind of young
but chances are you live with your
parents though and this is not a roadie
no I'm one year out of high school and I
still live with my parents so we're in
the same boat but like living with your
parents isn't even a bad thing I have to
save a ton of money I got free
home-cooked meals
I have literally everything I need to
get my work done and then I just go to
sleep wake up do the same thing and I
never really felt rushed to move out but
in my head I'm like no eventually in 3
to 4 years I'm going to eventually you
know as I get older I'm gonna have to
move out I might as well get it over
with you know because I have really no
experience is going to be really weird
going into this world all by myself
basically the plan I'm trying to make is
today I couldn't make a funny video
because I went shopping for a new place
deliver and and I didn't really know if
I should get a house or not or a condo
or apartment or a trailer home so I like
figuring out cuz it was really like it
over nightly I'll you know what I think
it's time for me to move out and so I
narrowed it down to a condo because a
house is more I feel like for two people
and it's like kind of random for me to
live in a house all by myself and then
apartments have like kind of thin walls
and I kind of need a place where I can
be as loud as possible so I can make the
best videos ever and not you know have
people complaining so today I went condo
shopping and I was about to vlog it and
as I was walking it I thought about that
you know what my viewers hate when I
vlog and it makes me so sad today I went
condo shopping and I feel like you guys
are a major major reason why I'm moving
out because if it wasn't for you two I
would be a college student I wouldn't
have a regular job like that friendship
so I would have to live in this house
because I wouldn't be able to afford you
know another place so basically you guys
are going to pay my rent and this is
going to be a brand new place where I
film all my videos you guys should help
me aside on where I stay at first condo
I saw today I walked in and the first
thing I said was our bed the place had a
pretty nice view it had a lot of chairs
where if I were to have friends over and
it would be enough chairs we were to sit
it does have two beds so if any of you
guys out there any of my viewers need a
home get me up all about saving the
homeless yeah I like the vibe and it was
2 stars it was pretty dope right next
place I went to online it looks so dope
Natalie hello cool rugs and chairs and
fireplaces and shit and
we get there it wasn't even furnish in a
sense because this is going to be a
permanent place for me to live I might
buy a housing like a year or two so I
don't want to violate you know furnish a
place and have a kind of chair then
afterwards like not know where to go
with them so that was pretty wack man so
this next place was like pretty big but
literally had the weirdest vibro I
walked in and I felt like I was like in
some Mafia like movie like crime scene
out I felt like he had a ton of art
everywhere which was ok and it had a
piano like that piano way I'm all for
pianos and piano players and stuff but
that took up a really big area of the
ground so that was really weird and if I
were to have people over like they're
like faces and like art and stuff we
imagine someone knocked it over like I
would have to pay late you know it was a
weird and on top of it a curse where I
saw a girl from there it just so weird
man so trying not but that did have
three bedrooms I could help up the
homeless twice a day now the fourth
place I walked in and automatically I
felt the thought it was like a nice
bluish white you know it was a dope
adult little colour sweat and for some
reason it felt like really futuristic
and a kitchen and all that a bathroom
was pre sick and the view was crazy and
the craziest thing it was very gloomy
outside
it's just imagine it like sunrise it
would look nasty and it also got a
balcony and those other three also have
balconies which I didn't go on for some
reason but yeah I really just picked out
for random condos and just checked it
out in one day by the first one and the
last one is probably is the two I might
go in I don't want to move into an art
museum you can also do a part two where
I look at more so we have more of a
selection but I know a lot of youtubers
can you know share their life on YouTube
and they're okay with it I feel you guys
like me for my roast videos and if it's
not that easy as you like ah boring but
I don't want to allow you guys into my
life but you did make it to the end so
you are a real supporter so thank you
for that I also asked a lady as she said
as soon as I signed the papers and find
the plays it's instant I could move in
there just like that so I'm expecting in
one to three days i'ma find a place
tomorrow new funny video after that
pride apartment tour because I mean
honestly I probably get these ones
because there's like other cool cool
ones you know I might have to
surprise you guys I'm not sure so
apartments are like two to three days
it's going to be lit thank you for
making it to the exact and nouvelle mile
clues
