good morning guys how is everybody doing
I just woke up and I was watching this
video and honestly this video is pissing
me off it's made me mad to the point
that I have to make a video on it so I
was watching this show called what would
you do and they do a ton of different
scenarios but this one in particularly
they had like this hot teacher and
there's my student and she was like
tutoring him but on top of that she was
also like massaging em and you know
doing stuff that a teacher shouldn't be
doing to a student anyways they start
flirting and stuff in public to see you
know how people would react to it and I
feel like the people in this video just
overreacted and just took it too far
hey couldn't take my eyes off you right
away our teachers behavior draws
disapproving glances from this couple I
meant off the bat this couple over here
needs a mind their own business I don't
know why thank you Snoop with over here
I'll try to eavesdrop like girl drink
your coffee or your food get out you
know I mean like they're really
unnecessary to secretly document what
they're she painting yeah bro she really
bringing out the camera phone like what
something Charlie what's that was it
lady right here
she decides to like this is every boy's
dream like why is she trying to ruin it
for him oh my god no she's not doing
this right get the feds involved listen
to what you can make sure the mics
around you go get the feds involved
that's how you conduct yourself with
that young
I put the entire conversation that you
discuss what bra brush you're talking
about how she's so like I'm disgusted by
your actions that's your fault for
listening like no one asked you to
listen this is every boy's dream you're
just straight like this is T one cock
block like they are literally spying on
now why she get up oh she's gonna ruin
it for that this is a once in a lifetime
opportunity and ecology we're just gonna
go hang out we like each other we're
gonna spend time together oh now he gets
up oh he's now he's gonna get involved
this will never happen again for this
boy just let him live it gonna call the
cops I should get to know you get to
feisty it's one thing I understand that
you know a mother was you know be
concern for this boy but this guy should
know how rare this opportunity is he
know it's bro code you can't just cop
welcome like that bro she's so big
that's not better yeah another company
to go after the fine buying on them
again these guys to get no privacy I
swear she's on earth yes she's on the
moon help this thing doesn't come every
day and she's just trying to ruin it for
them or for him oh my god
now our teacher is back and ready to go
Hey look here she stops she does it she
doesn't stop them thinking Elsie sleep
bro she really stabbed out in the
funniest thing what happened
did they leave together Rosie really
cried over this shit she's really sad oh
my god we go back there and he's gonna
smash the teacher and then you're gonna
get a honest test of the teacher like so
oh my god like seriously guys it's not
that big of it I don't know why this
lady is crying and talking about oh my
god he's just a little kid what is he
gonna do like relax
hope you okay I also realized like this
teacher-student thing is very common
nowadays I see so many headlines teacher
and student affairs teacher expose
teacher go - jail for setting pictures
of students teachers therisa there's
literally so many of these articles
about teachers getting exposed and I'm
just thinking like why did this never
happened to me why did my 12 years of
school nothing dis awesome even got
close to happening like I would email
teachers about homework
they wouldn't even email me back like
it's insane that nowadays teachers are
smashing students so I don't know I
guess that just went to the wrong school
but anyways please don't be this person
where if something like is so beautiful
a dream it is a dream once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity is about to happen if you're
at a diner don't cock-block it what are
you doing anyways but yeah guys I just
woke up you in on a little ramble today
I was a really bored and I have a really
brilliant idea that I think would be
very entertaining and this could be a
complete fail you know I don't know but
I'm all about trying new things but we
are about to head to the Apple store
really quick and activate a quick
purchase and then after this college
campus there's such a nice day a day the
thing is it's so cold and my hands are
literally freezing right now so I'll put
in my pants
but we were walking to the Apple store
right now me and the Bros in this biz
this yeah man lately I've been really
interested in like the cinematography
stuff I'm not trying to work on my
editing skills due defeat it's up to me
I can show we can go do deceive it up
with the stars I can show you here we
all do just leave it up so can i buy
that so thank you yeah the biggest one
possible how did the biggest one day we
would tell us the color awesome oh
thanks great and Hollywood go check this
one she's basically game
our biggest size of excuses of the
biggest size I want to buzzing sound
happening okay perfect why feel like
I'll do the gold one place is like my
nephew I think through my Jo I feel like
shows me a video yeah Lulu yeah
and there is my farewell yeah I mean it
it is really you know everybody oh no no
no me sweet mother let me rephrase that
you claim to know how he was pretty you
know Diggle MIDI all right
I thought it would be spotted hello take
off all this protector BB this is large
should I go to lay I just got the new
iPad Yoda piling rice cam what he had
this big iPad so basically I'm a college
campus right now I'm going to just
randomly walk up to a grill and just be
like can I get your number
Oh
plus a whole bunch of it is right there
would you go to window looks good
someone in the cold we all go go bro
right like Bo what's up hey Disney
Channel hey it is the number of muscles
loose they occupy cream maybe you're
fine
they are not really funny you just can't
get into it lately with that Roger
Stanton hey something good we good it's
only one lucky see me further number my
first time back for a change
hey
I was
now this is real life right now is real
life
dude one picks it up it number
everything I'll just do up I'll call you
okay we went for what I mean though
you're one for three one for 300k from
me don't put your number in my phone
working with the backside there
I'm just used to no man my camera
battery died I brought a spare battery
and that also died and now I'm home and
I think it's too late to get more
reaction but I got a few and it was
pretty embarrassing just going up again
tonight I mean it hurt my soul a little
bit I'm pretty sure you guys cringed at
home oh yeah I was going to wrap it up
thank you for all the support recently
there's a lot of hate around my name
right now there's people just trying to
bring me down at the end of the day I
make these videos for the people that do
support me and there are a few of them
out there anyways I just want to say
this daily I blow anything is very very
doable but I really do think quality
over quantity which means I would rather
have one very good video than three you
know random videos so I'm going to be
spending more time and effort you know
the online videos like my last Jakob
video that I made actually I put a lot
of time in there and it paid off you
guys seem to really like it a lot it was
also something new you know nothing
really too repetitive and this video I
was just trying stuff but I just be
patient me I took a really long break
with YouTube that really messed up this
like my momentum but I'm picking it back
up thank you for the support thank you
for the real over there because there's
so many fake ones so expect this video
in the next two days thank you for
watching and I will see you soon
