good morning guys how is everybody doing
this is day three of the upload Street I
just woke up and I'm currently on my
couch watching some American football I
just play off your something so it is
very intense and you know watching
football makes me want to play football
so I don't have any friends so I just
have to play catch all by myself and
there's one have a little bit too much
air in it but hey to the pony cuz nobody
in the bottom thirty morning he's gonna
go I'll get it guys every day I've been
waked now it has been so gloomy and it's
like the Sun is never out but whatever
speaking about Sun here's my studies
back for another vlog we still have a
name for him so common the name Elijah
wedding named him little Kodak I want to
how I feel about that but I'll be still
taking the suggestion if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I basically stab
clearly do sugar baby died in like
oceans and seas and water and it's like
just dive into water and he like tries
to find stuff do you be finding the most
craziest stuff but something unexpected
came up yesterday which made me not want
to do it but today I'll be doing it bruh
underwater let's go so I need to make a
quick stop at Best Buy I need to pick up
a waterproof case that I'll be going
underwater and I don't want my
technology getting broken and a
waterproof case is 15 plus clothes and
then as one longer than my big made a
cup of man alone what do you wanna do is
pay for it all and steaming and body so
I just got the waterproof case and now
we're on our way to a very historic body
of water record to the lake it's going
to be like an hour car ride so I'm going
to take a little nap maybe but yeah I'm
going to the lake and I'm diving in and
I really hope I find some cool stuff
like that other guy
I saw regressive Lake about the jump
it's lost I really don't feel like
jumping over this gate right now
actually I can only jump over gays if I
have some motivation we finally made it
in and look at this beautiful body of
water I mean I don't even know what I'm
gonna find in there guys there's fish
there's pyroxene stuff I'm not sure I'm
about to hop in but I'm really excited
hold on first all that test out in the
water actually I want to do it like how
they do it in the cartoon now they're
just like oh I should go down
that's just so cold no I underestimated
I know it's like 40 degrees outside
right now but I didn't think the water
would also be that cold
how not brothers should too cold it's
okay I heard there's like a creek or
river near this area that the water is
warmer so we can still explore and find
stuff I'm not sure all right so we just
made it here at the river nature is
beautiful enough chair chatting I'm a
jerk hop in
Versace Versace Medusa hit on me like
I'm nominated
let's go
ah
imagine this actually worked for some
reason has one bullet in there
it doesn't work holy shit man the gun
actually works man
I could have died I did no good water
dad well anyways life moves on there's
nothing else to do today I think I'm
gonna go on a little ranch so the other
day I was on YouTube and this video
randomly pops up in the title web I had
sex with rice cub and I'm like whoa did
I just get exposed but looking at the
thumbnail and I'm like I don't think it
I ever seen this girl ever
I'm diggin back to my long list and I'm
like I don't think she's on it I'm
really thinking really hard I'm like
yeah she definitely has me mistaken with
someone else she put a program because
you know that will tell us like me so I
decided to clean up a video because I
want to hear what she has to cynics as
you know like this type of stuff could
ruin my reputation
you mind ever and welcome back to my
channel today we're going to be doing
you anything well guys we got a click
big man me a lot of youtubers are doing
this outdated or they do a Q&A and they
talk about the most randomest stuff for
like nine minutes and for 10 seconds
they do you know have sex with rice go
and they just throw it in there title
when the whole video is even about the
cut
anyways I would just skip to the
important part but you know let's give
her a chance let's watch your Q&A you
rather jump off a building for your
veteran or get get to have 100 million
dollars I mean 100 million dollars is
not alive 100 million is a lot imagine
that things I can buy with a hundred
bill girls nowadays are so needy so this
was a would you rather question right so
get to pick this or that for instance
would you rather drink a bottle of
ketchup or drink a bottle of mustard to
things that are both disgusting so you
have to pick the question was would you
rather jump off the building for your
best friend or get a hundred million
dollars and she really said a hundred
land on even that much as if she's
considering jumping off of get the fuck
out of here blame AJ now what do you
think about when you're having a bad day
dick what little
what you think God I try to give these
up-and-coming youtubers a chance you
know I try to sit down and watch their
videos but like what girlfriend is this
you know I'm just going to skip to what
we've been waiting for the clickbait
part let's get with you ha Franklin
right go girl
alright gum I'm calling you out if you
like training I'll write down my back
and face like a motorcycle bitch I'll
file like I'll let him flush the life
out of me with his little fucking egg
roll no what what is going on this is a
YouTube family channel what was he
saying
so before I said about what you just
said because that was very inappropriate
why was this the title like why out of
all the things you could have clicked
vated why why did you put I don't want
to be involved with it at all I mean I
get it man when you use rice Cup in the
title you get more views right but like
what's this clickbait really necessary
like all this clique nation has to stop
it's getting out of control but like
back to her video I think she was like
calling me out or something
he'll to the no note to thank you I'm
good
spicy Africa's interested though boy
shut up like I don't know why you're
talking where you click mate way more
than her what yeah right Road you did
not find our murder weapon like that's
just a weapon you're only saying murder
weapon to get more views like you're not
fooling anyone bro you have no proof
that that gun killed somebody that is
not a murder weapon I don't know what
you're talking about
all you do is ring
now it is
that was like the stupidest video ever
but I just was going around with that if
you guys laughs at all make sure to drop
a like if you did not enjoy this at all
well I will try better tomorrow because
I am daily uploading once again thank
you for making it to the end do not
press the thumbs up and if you are new
make sure to subscribe and welcome to
the family I will see you guys tomorrow
too
