well then you know what I feel like
doing a random act of kindness I saw big
two pairs of shoes giving them away
they're not for me it's actually hey you
wanna free shoot - of the upload streak
I'm gonna try to upload every single day
starting now I'm gonna try my hardest
I'm actually mad I woke up early cuz I
felt like a good blog in order to have a
good vlog you wake up you start the vlog
and it's very sunny and beautiful
outside it's gloomy and raining you know
it seems like it's like almost nighttime
Oh to even tell you guys what I was
doing I'm on my way right now I'm in the
car I don't have my seat oh my god guys
I'm living life like I'm a savage but
basically I'm on my way to pick up some
equipment there's a youtuber he BC dives
in like oceans and seas and water you
know it's like just dives into water and
he like tries to find stuff do you be
finding the most craziest stuff you'd be
fighting phones and cameras and murder
weapons it's crazy and this dude is
blowing up off this shit and I know
exactly why people are tired of watching
the same ordinary vlogs on land and I
feel like vlogging underwater is so much
cooler so that's what I'll be doing but
now we're off to the store so we're
pulling up at this mall and we literally
have the best parking spot the door is
right there oh shit guys I accidentally
went up here hold on I gotta run back oh
my god this is so hard
guys I feel like I'm not even moving I'm
literally not even moving I'm like
running full-speed but I'm not okay you
know I might just come around again
while walking through this door
we'll give you guys some chips you know
it's a very important tip tip one she
said what she said look chip what you
don't need to wear the most coolest
things you just gotta match your shirt
with your shoes
whoever did the wear cool things need
the mat and we finally made it to dicks
dicks sporting good Paul shit is Peyton
Manning there guys I get this tractor so
easily I'm here to buy goggles but I saw
a place to play tennis so I can't help
myself
bad bling in his first tournament as a
professional would you please welcome
Tiger Woods
excuse me sir
do you guys have goggles and like the
snorkeling thingy thank you so much Oh
flippers I might need that goggles here
we go get the goggles I think I think
it's like a kit there we go
open whatever you want okay I'll close
whatever thank you so much vinegar hell
yeah bro
is there as chill as it was chilled uh
hotter so I just picked up some scuba
gear at Dick's Sporting Goods well then
you know what I feel like doing a random
act of kindness imma buy this shoe and
it's not kind of thought sale I don't
think I'm cheap nine five so I'm big two
pairs of shoes giving them away they're
not for me remember feeling broke his
father and now I'm pulling up in Rover
trucks
so I was like walking out I just bought
my new shoes whatever this girl was like
what's your Instagram and I loo David
sir and she was like
yeah I'm just starting out so I'm not
that big
hopefully what
well yeah I'm talking bad girl
at Urban Outfitters right now I spied
these glasses that clear frame glasses
they don't have webs of them I think I
might come no I'm not sure if guys know
who ugly god is he's like this rap or he
has this really good song that's popping
right now it kind of goes like this when
you abuse my water especially Yogesh
with the water lay I put like on 21 said
I've been fucking adorable but basically
somehow you got my phone number and he's
been like non-stop texting me weird
photos and all this stuff and I kind of
wanted to stop broke and you know can
you hear me you know I'm gonna be
straight up with you I know that we're
friends or whatever but you need to stop
sending me all these weird photos and
shit well like and we're not that close
yet
what the foot actually took longer than
expected
distracted there and I ended up like
shopping and stuff so I'm out there now
before I go like scuba diving and do you
know my video whatever I'm gonna do a
random act of kindness so I better pull
up yeah fight fight fight fight fight
what the fun is yeah the art is what it
is joking yeah no they're not brown
they're still fighting bro
why are these kids chasing me bro what
the foot I got two pairs of shoes I
think these are like Kevin Durant's like
draymond greens or something I'm not
sure but these are don't fit the size
size 9 these bad boys these are size 8
so I might not middle school I feel kind
of weird just like there's a lot of kids
and stuff and I'm just over here sitting
in my car waiting for kids to come to my
kana it's wait but if I step out and
hand some kids some shoes it's good you
come here what size shoe yeah we got
big-ass feet hey bro hey what's that you
wear six and a half much ever you want
to try these on and see if it was so
anyway oh my 10 is it simply I can't
believe you said nice ed I don't want
this do you wanna wait are you actually
wear them for free what bro hey what
size shoe do you wear
nine yeah four so I wanted to these are
I think these are stepping carriers or
something if you want to track you want
to try a lot oh yeah do that
good night 1/2 and those are knives yo
what's up bro
what's nice anywhere 9 hey you want like
a free shoe I'm just a random guy
handing our CDs that guy just watch
everybody hit our shoes bro no fries
dude I was like handing out free shoes
you know just trying to be nice and this
kid was just super rude and just and
just mean to me and just reject me it's
so embarrassing him and many to either
crying back or do something about it so
I was supposed to go outside and do that
underwater stuff but that kid really
killed my vibe and vlogging is all about
positive energy and I don't feel like
being positive anymore man so basically
this vlog just turned into a roast video
so let me walk you through the whole
thing I see this kid on my hey bro you
want some shoes and I felt like you
thought I was gonna sell it to him which
I wanted you know it was free
it's all a bro it's free and then he
hits me with a very unexpected answer
actually I did hear him say this but I
rewatched the clip and he actually said
another thing alright yet fucking rekt
like what did I do to deserve this I was
just trying to help someone out and all
he could have said was no thank you or
you know give it to someone else that
needs it right that's all you need to
say but no you had to give me some rude
response and like these aren't like bad
shoes like these aren't even sketches
these are curries like curry was the MVP
last season he's one of the best point
guards on top of that it would have
matched his outfit he had on but no he
has Jordans
but the thing about Jordans is there's
two types of Jordans there's the ones
that are very no hard to get in rare and
there's the ones that you can buy at the
store and they're very you know easy to
get for example these are the first
Jordans ever made Jordan ones and these
are sold out everywhere and the only way
to get these now is to find off of
someone else that has them so these go
for like 400 I have the supreme 5
Jordans these are also sold out also
more rare than any of the other Jordans
and then this is also Drake's pair of
Jordan I forget the name of it but these
don't really eight hundred or something
his shoes on the other hand which I
didn't know what they were so I googled
black Jordans and they finally popped up
and they're not sold out so if you want
them you guys can buy them but they go
for a hundred and fifty dollars and the
reason why I brought that up is because
these are also 150 dollars and those
neon Nike flag Nets also go for like
$150 - so his shoes is in the same price
range as the two shoes I was given now
so I don't want to stay in why he was
flexing on us he was like all right I
got Jordans as if he was like superior
or like above us when they all cost the
same amount and I was just trying to
help him out right
so he really flexed on me in front of
all these kids and stuff so I think he
deserves a slide show look at this dude
not all seriousness when he said you
know what he said I was so heated at the
moment that I came home and was just
like thinking like people are so
ungrateful I really went out my way
trying to make his day better and he
just shut me down and so that's why I
did a little rent or whatever but it's
not that big of a deal tomorrow I'll do
that underwater stuff on top of like
other stuff into the blood it'll be a
very entertaining vlog uploading every
day so make sure to subscribe like the
video if you want some free shears
guys like can't come to your school and
hand you shoes because like for some
reason the kids in Vegas aren't that
nice to me but anyways thank you for
watching new video maura thumbs up
