hey guys it's me again I feel like every
week we talk I give you is more of a
reason to hate me I have a lot of
supporters and I have a lot of haters
but slowly my supporters are turning
into haters like as a combination of
lack of contact broken promises and just
being inconsistent is honestly all my
fault you guys deserve a lot better and
I just want to take this next minute
just one minute I just hear me out I'm
sorry just hear me out I explain
everything
this is youtuber name epicMealTime and
he was really big back then I felt like
he just had his own style no one else
did what he did right like he was just
so unique guys don't know he basically
bought a ton of crazy food and he would
combine them together and make even a
crazier food and he would eat it and
yeah he was getting millions and
millions of views like crazy even more
than me probably but the thing is he
just kept doing this over and over he
kept buying food cooking something and
eating it and he did it for like two
three years and like it's been like six
years and to this day he still does it
and now you know no one even watches his
stuff anymore because it's all played
out we all seen it all and so this
worries me because the same thing can
happen to me you know I blew up off
making these certain types of videos but
I feel like if I keep making these
videos over and over and over for this
whole year people are going to get bored
getting to repent and I'm already at the
point where I'm kind of forcing videos
and for some reason like I started out
doing YouTube for fun like this whole
thing was for fun but me searching out
people online finding me things to say
about them I mean is it fun for me
anymore so I want to try something new
and I know that all of you guys did not
subscribe to watch me do makeup you guys
did not subscribe to watch me vlogging
you guys did not subscribe to this
channel to watch me cut stuff with a
burning knife you guys subscribe to this
channel and signed up for this channel
to watch me make fun of people I
understand that so when one of you is
make like one roast bit a week so it
doesn't die out and is it repetitive it
isn't you know meat overdoing it trying
to drag it out once a week or roast it
and then those other six days I want to
start vlogging I know as soon as I said
the word vlog I started yawning blobs
are boring as shit there's only like
three vloggers I could actually sit
through and watch right logs
you guys did not sign up for vlogs I get
that but I posted four vlogs last week
and that was the most fun I've ever had
ever so yeah there's my
be a deal-breaker to a lot of you guys
you guys probably don't watch blogs and
stuff but I just want to say thank you
for being a part of my life and a part
of this journey for the past year and
watching all the old stuff
I really really appreciate and for
comedy and liking and stuff if you don't
watch any of my future videos
totally understand but before the video
and I just have one last question for
everyone it's just I need some
constructive criticism I'm going to show
you this vlog I want you to watch part
of it you have to make it to the end if
you're you know bored or whatever but
just watch part of it and if this type
of quality vlog were to happen everyday
you know if it if I upload every day
would you watch just yesterday and if
the answer is no whatever but uh here's
the blog yeah guys it's like really cold
right now it's like a raining
oh yeah I kind of want this I wonder so
do you like to blog legal and I didn't
bring it up close so I just bought like
two new hoodies oh yeah and I felt like
my day just started and it's already
like so darling I had to edit my other
vid and then put it up in then it's
already like five o'clock okay okay so
I'm like an asshole and like that's part
of the car we're gonna do right gonna be
the king wow this is Humber some people
are actually bad that I'm vlogging and
they're like what the fuck are you
vlogging you have a vlog channel on me I
got it all wrong
I mean she is not
it was written comments for my video
yesterday and there's a lot of people
that are kind of upset that I'm gonna
vlog it more and it's like well I
usually post two videos right so I
wanted to post like five blogs and then
like two bills like a seven video
rotation so occasionally I might have
wall you know it's just something that I
like to do honestly if I were to pose
distress yourself those get the most
views but sometimes is not all about
goofs no it's about what you want to do
like obviously guys this is more than
YouTube man it's like if you vlog every
day I allow you guys into my life and we
get more of a connection you guys are
just fans you know it's like a big you
know a big family so I'm really just
trying to share that and I really enjoy
making these little you know daily
movies so I'm going to do this for a
little bit see how it goes I hope you
guys aren't mad at me but yeah guys it's
like really cold right now it's like
race
over gun the guards are done red red red
run run and run run run run run run bro
I made eye contact over I will build on
our na na na nah bro this is not
happening bro
we just behind the card well no I look
in the mirror dude your mind receive
nobody commented me dude I guess leave
the country bruh
I'm leaving guys I got to leave the
country guys they witnessed me who you
saw what happened bro
if the killer I'm the only person that
he knows that saw him do it
he can come after me like if he sees me
on the streets brother I love that if a
cop comes and finds that body or
whatever and they finally killer and
they and they might ask me like so you
were seen around the area during the
shooting did you see anything and I'm
not a snitch bro I'm not a snitch bro I
guess I just had buy a ticket I got
everything I need for a week so honestly
like straight up bro like friend a
friend I'm going through some like crazy
right now like emotionally I just saw
some crazy thing about that I was
travelling alone
excuse me you go pay for my flight
okay okay okay yeah so so if I do that
and you just come tag along like for a
little bit
so what you did what killed bruh like it
will just die did
this is Bischoff
guys we are falling here look at that
look at this view that I got this view
is pretty nice but yeah we are finally
here
had the travel had to get away I say
below stay in my room though I don't
want to you know go out and jeopardize
my life Glen's second snake down Alex
where we want you to run gotta go to the
back of another hotel if you get picked
up so we can go swimming them dolphins
down so apparently Flula some dolphins
and whales ed will and turtles and then
you can go calling the phone no wonder
she never called back I'm sort of
message Hiromi low fees you want your
home back I get respect from the whole
see each of your skin you know now
you're in summer to the point so I'm
gonna teach you guys how to put on
sunscreen super fast look at this oh you
are so good when there is sunny outside
and you did not buy your sunglasses so I
got myself so give me some no oh
bring on it alright guys we are on the
train right now is pretty pretty dope
boys and girls I'm about to scuba dive
for the first time out here you know why
yes show me but yeah look at the water
head it's pretty clear I really hope I
come out alive I also hope I see a lot
of like like lions and zebras and stuff
so hopefully I get luck guys we are
going underneath my first time scuba
diving is my feet are not oh oh oh my
god okay this is what I got to deal with
every day
I just hug the ocean I wish I brought
GoPro so I can see underneath slide in
it but just to take a super dope I was
like swimming and I was officially lying
around me while swimming it is really
tiring though and I do need a nap but I
think we have a couple more hours on
this so apparel it is a whale I don't
know where the
eventually and I was underneath and I
was like well where will I come out I
don't see any whales I really wanted to
ride one I'm so tired
everyone's down there like swimming I
decided to stay up here and not swim
this time I'm like starving them I
really honey I am so hungry that I'm
about to jump in there and find a fish
and is eat it raw mean I can't just sit
here and starve
kochu I gotta go find me up some lunch
oh here we go
are you okay watch a beat you lazy
stupid yeah I just need breath hold your
face whoa oh you saw this come back to
California we got the water bro
what the heart of you jumping right now
right I know you're filled your monitor
right now jumping in the water jumping
one hippie this is yeah
alright so how this works is we say 1 2
3 and we see a random number and if we
stay the same exact number yeah between
1 and 50 we say the same exact numbers
he has to jump it are you ready 1 2 3
well it was at this moment that he knew
he fucked up ha ha ha what are the
opposite
I can't do that yeah do a backflip okay
I can do that again I've never done it
before
I'm their gun
lunch I've been doing one like I got in
Hawaii or four times
and I've had a few of these lunches on
these like picture agents but this is a
best one really
definitely usually set my bag up down
with a tip and like I still don't work
what is higher booyah hop here we got
the happen but is there rice close the
question what did the Pirates say when
he turned eight years old I'm getting
old I am H so we came off of that boat
and we ran into some supporters and they
have their own boat they're like hop on
the phone like I need you top off yeah
Oh like it's like you don't like all the
food pop up the bow I am so tired it's
so bright and it's still a really really
long day right the day just started but
that Dre no I think that was like six
hours just on a boat but uh yeah I mean
it was pretty fun it was dope experience
I'm not sure what we're doing next I so
usually I wouldn't wear this outfit you
know me if I'm in LA or something you
know biggest I probably wouldn't wear
this shirt but I'm gonna have a wife so
I'm going to adapt to the culture so I
got this little button up bias to me I'm
always here traffic it with the coach
and it's really dark outside and has
glasses on it I don't want people to
think I'm like a douche bag it's like
these new snapchat glasses where like if
you click on this it just starts
recording everything I see and it just
goes straight on a snapchat so I'm not
trying to be a douche bag like I'm
wearing sunglasses at night like if you
do that at night you're a douche bag you
should upload that and he just is so you
only get one from the blog well no
because everyone's like what is this guy
talking about because of the rule so I
just put on a snap shot that I was going
to be at this Cheesecake Factory to eat
so there might be people waiting outside
of it I'm not sure until making I need a
real right job really oh my god oh my
god oh my local weekly photos yeah we
are about to get fun and there
ah you feel me I must use some some good
yeah boy my let's go yeah I take a nap
while eating dinner I put on my food
that's his little he just ate some
mascara is over there Silla tomorrow
look at that eating and we're waiting
outside so I'm about to take the
pictures and then probably go back to
sleep
hey guys I'm in Hawaii on his Beach I am
really nervous if my camera is very
expensive and I drop it it's going to
break I'm gonna go far and trying to
hold tight if there's low if this vlog
randomly ends because I drop the camera
somewhere
