I'll explain more in a bit but I have a
flight to Cali right now but the
craziest thing last night I was filming
my video I got done and then I was
editing it and I edited all night till
like 8:00 a.m. ate breakfast packed
everything now I need to catch a flight
so I haven't slept at all but wait I
can't even sleep after I land because I
need to vlog another day and then at
night I would have to edit again as a
cycle I don't know how would I do this
but I'm gonna figure it out
so I just landed in LA that was such a
long flight like 45 minutes from Vegas
to LA guys are probably wondering rice
Kauai are you in LA I don't even know I
was just I woke up I was bored I was
like i'ma come through thank you sir
yeah thank you have a great day sir
so long car ride and I'm playing ride
and I was holding in a shit I need to
shit so bad I know some people really
arrest I'm too much information don't
tell us it's a daily blog oh my god
I guess God uses clothes it's better yet
not all shit the chickens here do you
guys want to see me eat it
Oh
damn guys that made me kind of sad damn
I had no idea but that was before she
died I will act sad for the ball you
know I whoa whoa it's an Inca gildo hey
hello Troy hey where's Alex
now there's let's give ro I'm vlogging
every day
I got this brand-new camera oh how many
times have I told you I'm gonna start
daily vlogging how about I thinks about
six times I've been telling them bro and
I start flight two days I stop but like
I think I'm for real this time
and it's a man John is serious it's
serious who's gonna do one slice on your
thumb what you do it'll be good for the
blow chair real yeah you'll have a dope
title and thumbnail it's ready no but no
blood though what is here oh thank you
oh hey you try a swordfight please put
this on it could tracks your ass and it
releases it then it contracts it it
releases it for like 30 minutes every
day and you gonna be ripped real quick
anyway so you feel it like yeah thank
you right now I know flex your abs like
this that's what it's gonna feel like
yeah it does it for you yeah what oh
yeah oh you brought yourself okay Sean
are you gonna freaky though it's gonna
stay comfy though I swear to God I using
aw hell don't call me that
Hong Kong like not vanish for the god
Enki province
oh yeah if they live like that's so mr.
turtle I got turned out alone while it
sets up though you're gonna be like
what's going on while he raises the
numbers just wait till it gets to the
actual number okay yes II keep your
shirt living it so they can see your
house flex when it happened hahaha
that's just weird
Oh
forty what oh my gosh you got the or D
fashioned room show me them okay only
good a bit number he was on okay forty
hey I ain't even gonna lie you feel it
based on how strong your abs are aren't
even feel forty sure and I ain't even
trying to hate ice we're gonna cut think
there's something wrong with me guys I'm
physically not there yet so I'm kind of
embarrassed man everyone out here is
showing up Dan forgive a pet turtle yeah
I've been here for an hour just waiting
for the set of their thing but wait I
totally forgot that they have a ball pit
downstairs when I should have been down
there that whole time oh no it's too
late now bro it's never too late for a
ball t yeah
oh no way let's try it backwards
what backwards like just like I never
try like the Olympians about what the
heck are you yeah funky muslin vlog ever
who's this who's mrs. intruder alert
Jose yeah bro your mouth has long this
alright so I'm at math place and he's
taking a shower and he was like make
yourself at home so I'm like shit
hand me the controller my feet up here
so I'm sorry this video was kind of all
over the place Matt it was either this
or no upload at all so it was just you
know a vlog of my day new video coming
soon but like this day was just so
random and there's no particular title
so I feel like we should like make
something where is a good way to make
something click base so I can get my
views though because I'm falling off a
little bit you know I notice that all
resources eat an Oreo and you won't eat
an Oreo uh only if you put all your
mouth
