oh I'm so late guys I have a haircut
appointment I'm gonna get my hair cut
real quick and then I must start my day
so I just hope that the shower because I
just got my hair cut and I was just
thinking like I see so much comments
about how bushy my eyebrows are people
are always clowning me on them so I was
like today I'm gonna do something about
it before I do that I need to get
something off my chest so I was on
Twitter the other day and I stumbled
across this guy's profile and I think
he's the baddest kid I've ever seen ever
and I've seen some pretty bad kids go oh
my god is he okay it sounds like he's
dying right but wait it gets even better
you need to read the things he'd be
posted about and I usually show the post
it read out loud for you guys but a lot
of the words that he typed I don't think
I'm allowed to say so I will just let
Siri do it real medicines day one I was
the only one point where my uniform but
look at them broke-ass niggas by me who
couldn't afford the background oh my god
his kids a savage I was about 11 years
old on these pics I lost my virginity
this day I thought I was spinning nut
and fucked around and pissed in her what
the head what I can't ever get a text
back as you guys can see this kid is
very very experienced but luckily he
shares his knowledge with us right on
how he makes a relationship last I'm
finna show y'all bitches how to make the
relationship last step one set my dick
and don't ask me to eat your pussy
step two give me $20 every day to buy
some weed
step three don't ask me to buy you shit
only time I'm spending money on you as
for
condoms cause if you fuck around and get
pregnant I'm gone
step four don't ask me to post you on no
fucking social media and don't post me
on shit cause you go fuck around and
make me lose my hoes step 5 respect my
side bitch y'all both got to get along
or the relationship one last step 6
don't get mad at me if I cheat get mad
at God for making a bitch that look
better than you
wait wait what also apparently makes
music which is good you at least he has
like a hobby or like a talent going off
for himself and I haven't heard any of
his songs yet so let's listen to it
right now for the first time somebody
Jackson English anyone look old they
call it the legit sexy bitch she call
through she comes through she fuckin
dated my cake so good I'm like god damn
you dirty bitch you dirty bitch you
Ironman enough is enough all right
enough is enough right it's just off the
rails which he needs to my dog
supervision aren't like this this kid
has to stop right now man I'm going
through his Twitter either him smoking
weed him staying tweeting bad words is
this her real gun yeah Chief Keef he's
friends with Chief Keef shooters
Joe this kid got shooters around him Oh
yo I don't know what you guys are
talking about how he must be stopped
he's just a little kid having fun you
know let him be you know he's not
causing any problems uh you know he like
he's not even that bad hey kid if you're
watching this I don't want any beef any
problems uh do you want me to link your
mixtape uh to gosh yeah I'm just gonna
go because shoes dries so before I fix
my eyebrows and fix my whole life around
I really need to stop by this place and
pick up something essential to my job I
guess I met this camera store and my
lens is really good but if I take like a
step back it gets like really blurry so
it's really hard to vlog with this so I
need a better vlogging live I'm in this
camera store right now and this guy's
helping me out he's super super chill uh
he shot if I make it laughs all right
guys so I'm getting a brand new lens and
a microphone I'm about to try it on
right now it's probably right now this
is why I'm trying to swap it out okay so
here's my new lens it's really small
here's my old one I was carrying around
my arms were getting so sore this one is
like one third of that right I really
just rewashed this footage earlier and
it's like 50 times better than this
here's the new lens about to get it's
also autofocus like I'm honestly so
excited it's so like small and quick
interruption thank you for making it
this far in the video so in yesterday's
video people were expecting a giveaway
because I told people I was going to do
a giveaway yesterday and I actually
forgot to write and a lot of the
comments were wow I watched the video
and there was no giveaway or I was
trying to watch the codes and there was
no code so I left so it was like people
were just watching for the giveaway and
as soon as they got the giveaway they
leave and so that's like not that fair
right so I'm rewarding all the real
viewers out there because all the fake
went left because they don't think
there's a giveaway unexpected giveaway
for all the real viewers Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam
these are Amazon gift cards once again
you put these codes into Amazon ten to
fifty dollars it varies it's random but
uh boom boom boom boom boom boom pow
better Bing BAM bop boom boom yeah pop
you guys I'm trapped thing of like more
like sounds big bop bop bop boo boo bop
bop bop bop boom boom boom boom but yeah
guys uh just a little good way I'm gonna
do like these like every other day just
randomly in the vlog and you never know
right
so I love giving back doesn't even
affect me all the money I make is from
you guys so I might as well just you
know pay it back to you guys but uh back
to the vlog all right guys this is my
it's windy but this is my old left I was
vlogging with this for like two months
but we swapped it out for something
easier and it's gonna be less blurry
things are gonna be so crystal oh yeah
and I also got a brand new microphone so
now my arms gonna sound more Chris I'm
not too sure if you guys can even tell
the difference but it's there but I am
on my way to get my eyebrows done you
guys are gonna laugh at me and whatever
but you know I've never done it before
so I might as well try it out this
around
there but you guys get their eyebrows
here too
just like don't do it too thin they just
touch it up a little bit you for me Oh
like Lena nobody knows they just laugh
oh my god guys I was literally in so
much pain I looked myself in the mirror
and I looked like the eyebrows looked
the same way I don't see any difference
at all I'm the autofocus real quick but
like I don't see any difference but yeah
guys my parents wanted to eat out
tonight so I'm eating them at this
Chinese restaurant where you eat some
Asian food I some male male and some mom
it's so cold outside I have to stop at
like this Asian market because they sell
like my hair product all right let's see
don't want the glossy natural the wild
and messy or do I want the what is this
the phase also I was good alright guys I
am back home and I didn't really do much
today man I was kind of scared you know
I was looking around you're laying low I
will scare that kid was gonna pull up on
me so I really hope we're on good terms
bro you need to be stopped bro anyways I
was good I just got this new duffel bag
it is pretty dope I am packing right now
tomorrow I'll be going to LA that does
not mean anything I'll still be vlogging
and still be uploading and then a new
diss track later this week but yeah guys
uploading every day of 2017 uh once
again guys I really do enjoy enjoy enjoy
uploading very much quick shoutout
before I leave this girl named Laurie
Snyder said I can't wait for your next
video I love your account will you put
some of your comments in your next video
like mine's for having the idea that is
not a bad idea so I might do that but
yeah guys back to reading all the
comments like I do back then YouTube is
fun again for me for some reason I
really am enjoying it a lot more now but
thank you for the support
recently guys stay positive do not let
anyone disrespect you and I will see you
guys tomorrow
