good morning guys yesterday I had now
stopping to start uploading every day of
2017 and I just woke up and every
morning what I do is I read the comments
from yesterday's video so I'm reading
the comments and the first one I see is
but every day he means once a month
oh my god yeah but you're probably not
gonna post tomorrow bro rice gum you
know you're not uploading every day
these videos actually entertaining only
if you upload it every day
literally the first three comments I
read are people doubting that I'll be
uploading every day but hey they can
think whatever they want but I am - 4 -
you gotta focus on what's real man
alright so before I start my day there's
just something to have to get off my
chest I make videos all the time about
how people must be stopped and a lot of
the times is just me trying to be funny
but today and right now this girl must
be stopped and I've never been so
serious in my life
so the other day I randomly stumbled
upon this girl's page and I saw this
picture in his head one of the best
hunts I've ever been on uh see you next
year Africa I was like really confused
cuz I know she seems really young and I
was like there's no way she killed this
giraffe
so I swiped the next picture and I'm
like what and I swiped the next picture
and I'm like oh shit and I swiped the
next picture and I see her holding the
giraffes heart without any gloves on and
there's rest up on her face I'm assuming
she like got the blood like and and when
I saw these pictures I was like there's
something wrong with this girl and so
now I'm like really curious because I'm
like why don't you just kill an innocent
giraffe right like giraffes have
families too and wait Africa I'm here
with the quick fat the giraffe is now on
the official list of animals and plants
that could face extinction in the future
the majestic animal which is the tallest
animal in the world is only found in
Africa on Wednesday the IUCN listed us
as vulnerable of extinction like
giraffes are going extinct why is she
hunting ana stink animal like this makes
no sense the only giraffe she should be
hunting is this one alright but all the
other giraffes are cool like why didn't
killing them so I'm very curious to know
why is she doing this so I'm going
through all our other picks
and stuff and I was mind blown her whole
profile is just her and dead animals
that she has killed you know I mean it
just doesn't make sense like back in the
day people would go hunting because they
would need food if they didn't kill
animals and eat their meat they would
end up starving to death and they would
also kill the animals to use their fur
that was back then though so they would
use the animal as resources I mean it
sucks but like it was either that or
they would die nowadays you need to just
go out like she's doing this for fun as
if there's not stuff to do 2016 there's
technology there's so many things
invented now where this should not be a
way to have fun she's killing animals
mm-my I'm just rambling at this point
I'm gonna just start my day so while I
was on that little rant my friend texted
me like 20 times I had 24 guy told him
we were gonna get breakfast so I think
he's outside waiting right now so I
don't want to leave a waiting gotta grab
me a Fiji and we're out of here
downtown beach and
actually I want to do something today or
do this often I feel like I should give
back up
come on wrong vlogging that's good but I
feel like I should give back more I
don't give back enough so uh I will be
giving back and there's something you
know a little act of kindness you know
all right so I just pulled out $300 I'm
gonna go eat at IHOP and then I might
give the waiter a really nice tip once
again just woke up readily you know I
woke up in a really good mood and
where's my ah here it is yeah bah 900
it's in 20s but okay I guess that would
be okay I got it yeah we are going to do
a very random act of kindness bro I got
a question bro that's good
do you have a car seat bro bro why don't
you have a car seat bro you do always
have to bring my cell with me bro
exactly what you guys are thinking right
now you're probably like what the fuck
why did you have a random baby doll okay
hold on this is not your ordinary baby
doll it is life-sized it is as heavy as
a baby and has a chip inside of him
technology where if you shake him or
like if if he's uncomfortable he starts
crying like see so you have to really
know how to take care as if it's a real
baby
but yeah why do I have them you may ask
well think about it who are the two
biggest vloggers on YouTube Roman Atwood
and Casey nice that yes there's other
big vloggers out there but the two
biggest is part of these two guys what
do they have in common they both have
kids people that watch vlogs love kids
or for some odd reason I don't know why
so I mean how am I supposed to compete
you know I'm saying so I got the little
buddy over here I'll be vlogging with
him he's basically real it's our baby
right we're gonna raise them together
but yeah I don't have a name for him so
comment below what name you think
matches him best something funny out now
the comment with the most up votes for
name that's his name
well man's rice cup is not a good father
this man's going have a son come out the
house with some tarney chicken broth hi
guys
she just got our table I'll have a baby
seat soon so she'll girly good right the
late guy situated oh brother really got
us with this this a guy so so far our
waiter is really nice so it is really
quick and then is about to be a surprise
good things in the future good things
are gonna happen to you drink I really
appreciate your service and you're
really nice I wanted to give you a
little tip sir thank you very much
thanks a lot
and no problem man have a good day you
say happy new year every new year and
some here's another hundred to go oh
okay leaving like my day thank you so
much my pictures Thank You bubble have a
great day thank you
douzo like you know get way so
apparently there's a ferris Bowl
you were like camouflage with the ice
and I swear to God oh no we already have
a lot of 20 that hold up don't cry all
right fine I will go to
you want a little rollercoaster bro no
you already have this at home you
already have this at home alright guys I
went in the mall for literally like a
second and I kind of got a swarm there
so we are on our way out we went to the
stratosphere it is in Vegas I don't know
how I've never been so we're gonna go
there really quick I woke up early we're
vlogging every day this year be ready
and we finally made it till the fish
stratosphere there's like a bridge right
here so to go up in the stratosphere you
have to buy a ticket to win liar now
it's very crowded oh my god Kendall you
can you can cry all you can do all that
it's a real
oh yeah sure sure sure little careful
enough all right good you're a farmer
you guys you see the view is really nice
but this one we paid for
look at the view guys it's his first
time here it's my first time also so
we're just having a blast sure sure
thank you guys she just gave us a free
ticket watch out what are you doing now
thank you so much there's like a rise in
stuff I didn't want to go it's kind of
scary but this going to give us our free
walk because I want to go now look you
don't go either that's kind of scary
ah no eh we should go up there and see
it
oh let's try this role there's the ride
but you won't go on that though we roll
where's the baby bro split this stick it
every condom you got way one who forgot
him wait a minute I don't know I know
Oh open the door here all they give you
so stupid bro you put him down well
where's the Ellen oh my god I'm freaking
out I'm freaking out I'm freaking out
well where is your broom ooh how do I go
you clean gown bro oh my gosh would you
had a bigger arm flash no you need
essential idiot I really beat you up bro
you are you really had him wet she do
she's right here it's all good it's all
good I'm so sorry I
he's right here it's all good it's all
good guys we got him I'm happy
all right guys been driving for like 20
minutes
I like the most awkwardest car ride I've
ever had he still hasn't said sorry or
anything he literally left the big I can
hear everything you say
bro you know what what hole over to this
gas station right here real quick why so
I'm gonna give you some hands right
quick well I'll bet because you was
really disrespecting me with the baby
bro they say no more brother all over
arm
