yo man we're so legislate rights come to
this town I'm like I've got it ready we
need you to happen to make it I gotta
get dressed
another day another what's the word to
club another day another dollar a blow
this next shot
I don't know what they're gonna do with
it but I need you guys to check
something down artists there's no
leverage Jeannie's right
listen guys no Lamborghinis has like the
two-seater you know fast cause I'm
always flexing tell me why that was an
SUV Lamborghini this is the only SUV
Liberty in America I'm wearing a short
sleeve suffered Quirino they want to
make it like it's a summer vibe but
we're not in summer so let bikini so
apparently in this script I'm in the
backseat you know I'm just amazed with
all my come up because I'm in a Lambo
down but I mean I'll cut I want to
change it I wanna drive the bitch gonna
sit in the back and at least give me
shotgun you know I'm saving the driver's
seat now you know so let's catch up with
rice gum and see what he has going on
what do you got going on I'm in the back
of a car yo so earlier hauls are
complaining about the weather because
I'm wearing a short sleeve they actually
have seat warmers like my TC is warm but
holy smokes that's not okay apparently I
have to look out this window and turn
the camera around as you accident see
there's really nothing to be amazed
about but I need to look out the side
and just be so like
but look at those trash bags like why am
i mesmerized over trash bag knock knock
who's there door open got a TV the seat
should be feeling soft man check that
out
is it even a good car if I can't fit in
the trunk so I just gonna try it out no
I don't know what the wheels mean I'm
not good with cars but I think it's fast
I don't know how you gonna have a spoon
to have a full of it I can't know what I
don't want
this is rhomin video guys I'm still
filming and they need me in 10 minutes
but I believe my grill is done I need to
get my jewelry popping I strip away the
bottom rope
drip drip drip no yes I was in the shop
two days ago this took two days so I
think it's about that time where we put
it in my mouth right yeah I feel like a
rapper I think he is a rapper with 127
millions or more video on four or five
months that shit blinking bro I just
want to say that was like the nicest
Asian lady I met she's so chill but now
my teeth is on 30-second commercial took
four days at least 12 hours film enough
of the day what the fuck are you doing
why are you doing this again bro you
gotta stop yo so I got this randomly
draw today right and I asked the
director yoke who we like touch the
script up and my t√≠a I might have came
up on a grill you know I'm saying but
she was like no so I can't even try it
off yeah guys it looks 20 times better
hold up okay you guys smell my breath
the next day oh my god guys I'm back
home I haven't seen my room is so long
look guys I miss my friends
somewhere what's up well I just thought
I haven't seen you in five days that you
must know you don't even like you
haven't seen me in like a week like a oh
are you excited to see me did you miss
me shit I was gone for five minutes
thirty five days boys and girls I am
back in LA which means I'm have you
posted a lot more passive right now guys
I'm so hungry I have not ate all day so
we're going to go eat summer keep typing
up this place I swear if it's not good
I'm doing a push-up
alright guys I just got my stuff ya guys
right now we're currently going to the
mall but always traveling I actually
realized how hard it is to make videos
if you don't have a computer
oh that is this exactly like the exact
of millimeters so I just picked up the
heat my baby was about to get lit also a
quick side note do you guys know this
story apparently they like races they
had like a hoodie whereas a clueless
monkey there's like a black model
apparently there's these toys oh my god
Bryce nope open you broke into dead
don't tell anyone
accidentally through mother I feel so
bad it's okay he has one there just hit
it I'll fall down will you it missed
they're just moving across for you damn
guys I feel so bad man I ruined their
store their part mad at me hey some on
the vlog still beat my pockets full of
honey bill I'm in the Hills bitch my
soldiers did a hunt and milk
