I've been through a lot you know the
hardest part is probably waking up every
morning
I'm currently watching cartoons on my
projector trying to wake myself up I am
really really tired and yeah man just
turn this out things are getting kind of
x-rated but yeah man just gonna finish
up the show get on with my day
I just woke up I'm in the studio right
now apparently this one dude started
roasting me recently you made a dish
tracks out this guy's cage time for me
to make one back so I'm working on it
right now
almost done be ready oh crap guys we
haven't talked for a long time I know I
haven't been really uploading a lot but
2017 I'm uploading every day that's the
plan regardless I don't think I ever
wish you guys a Merry Christmas so Merry
Christmas
everybody and I got my parents gift I
got my family some gifts and this might
sound corny but I would consider you
guys like my family to you now so I got
you guys some gifts all you guys grow up
so fast so I didn't really know what to
get you guys you guys are really picky
now so i just got money for everybody I
bought Amazon gift cards they vary from
10 to 50 dollars randomly so be a bit
bit I did this before if you put these
codes into Amazon first-come first-serve
so if you watch this video like you know
a couple days later when it comes out
Chin's are all the codes are taken bit
bit bit bit but yeah just put these
codes into Amazon redeem your prize or
something like that and you get like ten
to fifty dollars nowadays you can
literally buy anything at Amazon
boom boom boom boom boom but yeah go buy
yourself something nice boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom but ya know this was
all coming out of my pocket Amazon did
not sponsor me Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
and I know I mean it's like hard guys
like I would rather do this boom boom
boom
then giveaway like boo boo boo boo Boop
then giveaway like 10 Playstations cuz
only ten people winning I mean so it's
like smaller prizes bam bam bam bam bam
boo boo boo boo boo boo boo but yeah
it's really fun I love giving back to
guys I'm also doing the same type of
giveaway tomorrow so
boom bam bam oh bam bill but yeah guys
oh my god I'm so late
Oh guys I have I have somewhere to be
all right guys I am currently driving to
the DMV to get my driver's license I
have I am 20 years old I have my permit
I still have my driver's license I'm on
my way right now to take my test I
really hope I pass because if I come
home and I don't pass my parents are
gonna be really mad all right guys I'm
walking to the DMV right now I'm really
nervous I haven't took a test in like a
year or C's brother take my chest
wish me luck I passed easy easy
all I want to do is go easy
you told me to fill this out so I'm
filling it out but uh but yeah guys
great way to start the year got my
driver's license and you know what that
means with a five man should have to
focus on two things I'm driving my mom's
car now because I'm not the best driver
you know I didn't want to scratch up a
brand new car
but I don't know I'm not to buy a new
car so I'm not sure which one so let me
know in the comments what car should buy
I'm sorry oh okay good
so before going home I decided to stop
by Home Depot so these they like start
fires I mean it three of these safety is
number one priority I got one of these
actually this one has like a cool Oh
thirty bucks more expensive is it with
the flames though I think now and I'm
gonna save money so yeah I think that's
all I need was oh nice I need a knife I
still apparently whole table doesn't
sell kitchen knives so I'm gonna get a
kitchen knife from Walmart and then
I stopped this project so I know you
guys are thinking why are you at the
store buying all these random things
right well sometimes on YouTube
something that randomly just gets
popular and becomes a trend like a while
ago it was the hundred layer challenge
people were like doing 100 layers of
stuff you know they got so big everyone
did one something you literally did a
hundred layers of cum I mean it and then
like a month ago people were like
mailing themselves and boxes which
doesn't make any sense like like why
were people doing that too but now this
one just takes the cake and this one is
the biggest one out of all and this one
is getting like 50 million or like you
know just doing crazy numbers within
like a week it it is insane
it doesn't make any sense you really get
a knife you heat it up and you just cut
stuff
some may think it's satisfying some may
think is cool I just don't see why it's
so popular anyways we're guys I did
everything to do and I wanted to you
know go viral
I came to Walmart to buy a knife I look
over there and there's like a trampoline
I kind of want to buy it high so I just
have the triple lead I've always wanted
one
it's awesome nothing about it Oh put
that there I think my mom just came home
hold on what what yeah I almost first oh
my god yeah yeah maybe I can tell
wait why have we come down we can tell
like don't you go ready fast you might
yeah no I promise not look it's Renu
what is it I do yeah I'm by that yeah
Wow easy but the lay son she's proud of
me cuz I just whip in screw screw
everything gone gone gone partner really
yeah damn
prove my haters wrong so I bring
everything to the garage right now in my
garage right now she's really messy here
but this is the main eventer is a knife
I got the cutting board hi guys so this
is the main event what everyone has been
waiting for I'm open this up right now
I'm actually really nervous cuz I mean I
really don't like to play with fire
something could happen and that can be
really bad I have my mama supervise me
hey put on your girl Oh
alright so gloves no safety is number
one priority always I have the clothes
in case man you never know what's going
to happen
this is getting really hot I want to
touch it
oh no no no to capital hold up if you
have bad laughs all right mom look at
this eye look at this
be careful huh stay album cutting a
strip yacon that cut up a couple good
yeah the guys running oh we're gonna be
happy smell we have to open look arise
Oh
see it's it Moylan what is the liquid
boiling your head is boiling that's it
what do you want what would you expect I
guess I'm a cut a few things uh just
tell you know
warm up and see how it is and then at
the end is the grand finale
wait complicit I'm 19 and I'm an alumni
- Ahuh no fuss no fun how do people find
this amusing am I not doing your go fast
go fast go fast
oh it smells no fuck how are you got
that in my mic on that's my camera died
but my monster cutting it and then it's
just started catching fire but my camera
literally done it the best part it was
really so boy earlier and then my mom
started doing it well I'm gonna get some
water I don't really feel safe wait can
I shoot this oh my god we're gonna start
a fire uh ah there you go dude a fire
could have happened that easily
hey that was actually kind of cool all
right guys time for the main event
I'm I heat up the knife and you already
know what I'm about to do viewers at
home and I told you guys I was about you
know if I don't upload how shoot a BB
gun - you know what and I never actually
did it so I'm so sorry but I'm sorry for
not uploading guys I gotta do it not fun
you
