Oh
whoa why are we in Vegas and we're just
sitting here doing nothing breath like
this I'm so bored
yo mommy just hit the casino I'm not I'm
not 21 yet I came and play down there
Oh true how do we play basketball I'm
down down yeah now the leg play I can
make a video about it but it has to be
interesting so like I think we should
play for like some money uh okay good
done for somebody like 20 bucks put it
like like now because like people are
going to click like playing basketball
for 20 bucks it like people won't click
on that I mean it's like how about
$5,000 brilliant not $5,000 I don't know
dude that's a lot of money just do it
bro you're way stronger than me look at
my bro look at this
I'm the hell is skinny wait hold up hold
up you trying to say cuz you're skinny
and I'm stronger than you know I'll beat
you a basketball probably bro it you
might hey you might as well try and I
haven't played in like 3 months so
you're telling me that I beat you give
me $5,000 yeah I'm a blonde 510 and you
pawn 5k and whoever wins when we just
take it fuck it
I brought it let's do it right now let's
go I was loser right up
didn't wanna Sydney can team up higher
Harrison so we were played to 11 points
I will shoot to see who takes up the
ball if I miss he takes it if I make it
wait explain some really quick toots I
was about yeah so these are two
this is my fine
big big big big business well shit
well shit
last night it was Friday I was turning
up six up with this bullshit
with the friendship
pay me boy we're out there easy it's all
I do is make your balls into hoops
that's all I do
I'm pathetic is it that all I didn't
shoot you several times alright guys we
are walking out right now walking out
the school I just beat Sampson how do
you feel yeah he hasn't talked him in
the past like 20 minutes but yeah we're
going to the bank right now I think he's
pulling out 5k and then I have a little
surprise okay so he's went out 5,000 he
can't get what other
five thousand full
BAM please wait if you look so salted
what what this ATM charges a fee of 202
dollars what
Oh Oh guys so we went to the ATM
downstairs he pulled out literally 5000
that was what to be bigger but I guess
not but yeah here he did a fan it on the
ground already so we can get like a good
money shot you feel me I've never done
this before this is my first time dude
okay like I said it's a lie it's a lie
like I said I'm a man of my word so shit
so I feel like such a little kid right
now this is good whoa you might when
you're a kid you do parents give you
like $20 and you feel like you're rich
there were literally ordered these right
now literally ordered these right now
just spinning this shit show me all
right that's a good money shot right
there yeah and a little bit more time to
get this little clickbait going you feel
me guys but I'm gonna move this shit oh
I got you away so are you not mad bruh
yo guys I just tried to move this at
other oh and he just came through like
easy uh real ways so are you mad at all
or nah at first I was a little bit mad
um it's a big day it is it is it's a big
dent but at the end of the day I'm a man
of my word he is a man of his word
I respect them but guys I'm never gonna
keep it you know you guys think I'm
gonna go spend it not so since it's
almost Christmas under a little
Christmas giveaway so basically go
follow me on Instagram
right there like all my pictures and
that's it and then I'll be hitting
people up just I'll give you know a
hundred over here five hundred play just
randomly but that's five racks right
there
giving it away and don't be proof and
stuff on Instagram whatever thank you oh
yeah and also the homie is from New York
he came to the city I was like um two
always it show dude you know she was
like really buff so I was like kind of
scary he might post me up but he just
shot the whole gig because he was scared
now but check your mountain channels doe
the homies race I'm really surprised
yeah the homie sensor right there you
have to go bro I think it's going to a
good cause door to a good that's good
that's what makes me happy but yeah guys
are closed so yeah once again Instagram
like all my pictures let's sit and then
comment done and then I'll just do your
son you feel me send you a few red yeah
two things giveaway follow his subscribe
whatever channel right there I'll see
you tomorrow
you
