out of barbicide man you got the least
amount of subs and you're fast looking
like the little chubby boy from up may
you upload oh hey guys it's me again so
the other day I was just minding my own
business no just basically trying to
stay out of drama right and out of
nowhere this guy tweets out saying my
stuff is a dickhead what the heck dude
why do you know why is he being so mean
you know I've never offended him you
know personally so at this point I'm
just really confused cuz like why is
this random guy call me a dickhead right
so then you tweets again saying why am I
not a youtuber you want I start a she
district red news the people that
grinded please YouTube put that in
quotation marks and so it kind of makes
sense that these calling me a dickhead
because I made some comments on how I
felt like I should have been in the
YouTube rewind which I guess he
disagrees with and on top of that
because I started a shitty dish track
trend which I hope he understands that
you know I can't just pick know what
becomes a trend you know trends kind of
just happened randomly but whatever man
haters gonna hate life moves on right
and I was going to ignore the situation
because I mean I didn't know who he was
you guys probably have no idea who he is
either so you know I was just going to
ignore the whole situation right but
then a youtube channel that basically
covers you know all the YouTube drama
and they get quite a bit of views well
they basically covered the story when
youtuber Nonna's bazinga tweeted this
out he said rice gum is a dickhead
so it looks like bazinga is talking some
shit about rice come here as well now
bunch of other youtubers got pretty so
now more people were informed that this
guy calls me a dickhead and you know me
I have a reputation you know I can't
just let this slide now we're gonna be
like oh my god this dude called risk of
addiction and rest don't you do anything
wheres comes a bit so I'm basically
forced to making a video on this guy and
I don't even know who this guy is so I
decided to search around his Twitter a
little bit and just look what I found
this drill tweets I need a puppy in my
life so if anyone has one that needs
taking care of I would do that for you
and so this guy replies gonna puppy in
my pants and so she had some back with
poor puppy and that he says will you
take care of it and then she says I'm
more of a big dog person as you guys can
see man he's like really good at picking
up girls he actually has videos of him
going out and actually picking up girls
take notes
this guy's talented i've lost my teddy
bear will you sleep with me
No
oh my god this guy is amazing he's just
so smooth know what let's actually watch
more of his videos let's watch his most
popular video what's up guys oh shit
there's like 10 other big youtubers in
this video let's actually watch his
second most popular video what is up
everybody involved yeah another collab
video wait let's watch this third most
popular video but it's not ladies and
gentlemen of welcome today Oh Kevin Hart
and ice cube
wait let's watch this fourth most
popular video what is that ladies and
gents man welcomes now another collab
video wait let's watch his next most
popular video right here I'm joined with
vent could go Kevin Hart and we got
Dwayne Jones Kevin Hart in the rock this
time wait let's watch his next most
popular video what is on ladies and
gentlemen hey wait a minute
why are all his most popular videos
featuring somebody else
oh wait because when you post the video
with himself and the camera he doesn't
get any views people watch his videos
just for the other person like he only
gets views when someone cool is in his
video like yes no viral video by himself
this dude is literally irrelevant I'm
already giving this guy too much
attention
AFRICOM grab the mic out of Armagh side
man you got the least amount of subs and
your fat ass looking like the little
chubby boy from up may you upload every
day i get more views uploading wickley
someone tell me why this family like the
fat ronald weasley didn't try and talk
to girls I was cringing to death can't
blame him he's a loser he was trying his
best no suspects
so real nice breasts I can't tell if
it's passenger or the real-life shrek
yeah you bout to take this elm away is
what you need to lose key aside I stroll
dirty without him you get no views I
could call a kiss I'm home kicker from
the crew all your biggest physical I've
yeah it wasn't cuz of you I start trying
to play fifa boy staying awake I saw you
playing soccer you should stick to them
games you got to mill cells in a year I
got five boy you so irrelevant this was
a waste of my time Mike seriously Dawg
this was such a waste of time I know one
knows Rudolph fuck you are I'm helping
you out I never want to see you tweet at
me ever again boy stop holding me back
stop holding me back don't wanna be ever
again you're so wrong sorry guys kind of
got out of control there I just really
don't like what people call me dickhead
but yeah guys this video is shorter than
usual because I don't want to give this
guy too much attention but I'm gonna
make it up to you so basically there's
this youtuber named jacksepticeye I'm
pretty sure you guys know who he is he
has like 13 million subscribers
humongous channel probably top 5 biggest
gaming channels on YouTube but basically
a month ago he tweeted gonna make a new
channel where I only do roasts and dis
track so I can whore out everyone's name
in the title you don't have to be a
genius to figure this out this tree is
probably I mean who else on YouTube does
roasts and dis track but he's basically
saying I only get views because I use
other people's names in my tiles
basically I whore the mat which is kind
of wack cuz you know I feel like I bring
more to the table than just putting
people's name in the title you know I
feel like I'm kind of funny where I get
views by myself not by you know using
other people's there basically he's
taken away credit for my success you
know whatever so I'm annoyed I hit this
studio I drop a district or record a
video I know I'm about to go in on this
guy so I tweet out saying new
jacksepticeye dish track dropping
tomorrow and then jacksepticeye follows
me on twitter and DM z-- me hey man just
want to say I wasn't trying to dig at
you with the tweet from before I was
referencing all the new channels copying
the style and abusing the system to try
to get views people just blew it out of
proportion and made it sound like I was
attacking you no ill-will intended once
again honestly that tweet if you read it
over you can say it's about other
channels you can say is about you know
someone else no one else on YouTube is
making roasted dish tracks like that
tweet was targeted to me right I felt
like he heard I was me
a distract enemies like oh shit fuck I'm
gonna say sorry and hopefully he doesn't
diss me and it actually worked no he DM
me on so you know what obviously that -
it was about me but you know I'm gonna
be the bigger person and be late you
know what jacksepticeye I accept your
apology we're cool now whatever right so
I end up not even dropping the diss
track you know cuz he said sorry oh you
know whatever he followed me we're
friends now right and then two weeks
later this doodle unfollowed me he's
like ha rice come didn't drop a dish
fuck this guy unfollow and it's like
what the heck I'm not very cool so this
dude unfollowed me so I guess we're not
corny more so he literally just DM me
that just so I couldn't roast them right
so the diss track is ready I could
upload it tomorrow but should I though I
don't want to make the decision myself
so I'll let you guys do it comment below
should I drop the jacksepticeye diss
track I mean he did say sorry but like
come on bro that tweet was about me and
he unfollowed me after I also want this
very get a lot of thumbs up so thumbs up
the video subscribe if you are you more
views coming soon thank you for all the
support five minute subscribers you guys
are so beautiful and you guys are the
best um thank you for all you guys have
done for me let me know conversation
below I'll see you guys tomorrow
