his rice up yet oh are you editing yeah
let's get breakfast bro all right rice
just due to sleep until like noon right
wake up bro
it's kid wake up brah
let's get some grub what time is it like
noon right now you slept all night man I
was gonna eat but we figured we wake you
up first you know I just had five
million subscribers just now as if I'm
loose yeah so this guy let's get some
food some food here yeah that's over a
quick no guys I just woke up I look like
a mess right now but I just hit five
minutes subscribers but it's not all me
man shot so everyone has been supported
it's been a long journey it's been a
long year chef on my day one of
supporters whoa rah um youtuber whining
OH
today wave might a clock wait i watch
that all the big youtubers is
invite-only they hit you below YouTube
rewind Alice you were in that right oh
oh right for you in that I don't think
so how do you not because they didn't I
have film anything wait I miss where are
they trying to read you know if you were
in it bro well your key pull it up did
you pull it up for you having 17 million
views in on one video in two weeks that
you have to be oh no if I'm in this one
bro first shot right there ever in
youtuber wine okay good I've been in
three there is again Wow
British famous let's go go yeah I worked
really hard on YouTube this year yeah
I don't know stim okay we're gonna get
on I lost him again okay see ya running
man running man hey they had to put a
lot of people in here bro so they might
okay they punished cut your scene down
oh there no that's that's not me bro
d-trix go but that's not me I'm magic
what was your senior that was an easy
now is markiplier bro I'm not in this
it's gonna fire the look at that set
readily Ally
oh your motion young user business or
sorry how am I not in this which boy
that got you there you're the famous are
they like they're going back to people
that have already been like 17 million
all right guys I'm gonna be honest I'm
pretty upset right now as you guys can
see I just woke up and I just I just
really wanna go on a little rant I so
before I go off and just start roasting
everyone I just really want to say 5
million subscribers in one year like my
goal was just to make videos where a
little bit of people started watching it
to gain 5 million people right so
chances are we met this year and we've
only been friends for you know around a
year but our connection is strong but I
just want to say thank you guys all so
much for five minutes subscribers I
would look at where I am like I wouldn't
be in this exact like look at this
bathroom guys this bathroom is bigger
than my whole house like what naming so
I wouldn't be in this exact situation
without
you guys right so if you guys don't know
the YouTube rewind every year they have
one and basically trying to recap the
whole year you know just all the famous
youtubers I had an impact this year they
know they'd make a whole high production
video with it they invite people and I
don't know I felt like I had a pretty
good year I mean five mil you know in
one year that's not bad at all and I
felt like I should have had at least one
set because I mean everyone they had so
many people in the early to second cliff
they could have spared me one second but
it's honestly not about that man Alex
was telling me how like you know it
really doesn't even mean that much it's
just a video but it's like it's more for
the fans you know I mean it just sucks
the I'm pretty sure you guys see the
video and you were looking at like
where's Bryce come as like I'm not in at
night me so I just feel bad because I
feel like I know it's you guys you guys
are so amazing to me and I couldn't even
be in a you know a rewind Vale for you
guys man so I feel bad and honestly it's
not having that there's honestly like I
could name like five to ten I'd like
there's so many youtubers that should
have been in there that was it right and
and here's my theory so I feel like this
rewind thing is very limited probably a
hundred you to really I mean so they're
you know just picking youtubers and they
start picking just all these all that
like there's youtubers on there that I
haven't heard in years like like these
neighbor your upstart if I'm calling you
out I'm pretty sure you're a super chill
person but these people right here were
popping in 2015 2014 like they were like
doing numbers back then but in 2016 like
who like there were so many people in
the field that I was like who the fuck
like who are these people but yeah guys
I'm gonna stop trying I just woke up
about to get my day started but if
you're watching this and you made to the
end thank you so much for five minutes
subscribers
hey we'll get him next year guys it is
what it is hey next year five five plus
five so I'll get 5 more million that's
ten billion I should get it next year if
not then I don't know then maybe that
you're after that but thank you if you
man to the end thank you for 5 mil and
thank you to YouTube because without the
platform YouTube itself I mean I want
Media right so YouTube if you're
watching YouTube if you're watching this
right now YouTube you can have all those
people in the real one that's fine with
me have all those guys that are
irrelevant now but you know you used to
be big back then have them in the video
go ahead you know I mean whatever just
at least show respect to the people that
was grinding you know hard and shit yeah
guys I don't want to sound too much of a
crybaby that's gonna wrap it up I hope
yes sir the hands go away models watch
this for watching
