hey guys it's me again so you just all
know that I have this series that I've
been doing Club these kids must be stuff
but recently I said I was gonna put an
end to it because it was a very popular
series but I didn't want to make it seem
like I was just dragging it out for the
views if you know if you think about it
after a while there's only so much
things you can say
this kid must be stopped where is his
kids parents kids out of control this
kid must be stopped oh did he say that
so yeah I didn't want to be too
repetitive so I decided to end the
series on a good note and I thought that
was that but so many of you guys were
pissed at me wait why are you adding
these kids must be stopped that's the
only reason why I'm subscribed where are
you seriously Eddie the only good thing
about your dying Channel whoa whoa
everyone needs to calm down I came to a
compromise I was thinking like you know
what musically cannot be the only app
kids are misbehaving on like there's
freaking Twitter you know Instagram face
but you know all that other stuff so
with a little bit of research I was
right bad kids are misbehaving on
Instagram Twitter Facebook MySpace so I
introduced you guys season two of these
kids must be stopped
I got a really my reasoning
yeah I know I'm down for homicide and
shooting nigga with my fucking slide
yeah pull up on a pussy nigga can't go
and do shit pull out my fucking 32 lip
yeah I could get that bitch another kiss
I take another hit yeah where do I begin
all right so apparently this kid is like
a rapper which doesn't make sense
because I just sat here and just hurt
him you know spit six or seven lines I
don't think I heard him rhyme one word
he did not like at least rhyme a couple
words here or there and and he really
just said the n-word shouldn't eat him
with my fucking nigga nigga nigga nigga
oh my yeah he definitely said the n-word
but like he can't do that right I mean I
don't know the rules and stuff but you
know quick question to all my black
viewers out there can he do that he
can't do that right also what was he
grabbing at the beginning sneaky
yeah I know I'm down for homicide a
shooting nigga with my fucking slide
yeah
all right so this next kid is actually
one of us which is kind of weird but he
basically posted on Twitter just caught
the rest of shirt I'm about to get so
much pussy what yeah he definitely has
my shirt on I'm not sure about the pussy
part but I don't know if he's the homie
of stuff is he about my shirt but at
these kind of - none to be worrying
about pussy but I guess he must know
though I saw this picture on Facebook
and I was like yeah they're cut too
young to be cuddling up like that but at
least they're happy right and then I
read the caption it says me and daddy so
I'm looking at the picture like where's
her father where's her dad and I'm like
oh shit
she means her boyfriend is her daddy
it's just weird
it's just really really weird like you
guys part I don't think this is a big
deal but this is a serious serious
problem like girls nowadays are just
throwing around the world like it's
nothing y'all daddy this daddy that you
know I mean like in the future where are
my kids gonna call me hi son hi Daddy
hey don't call me that and you know what
I gotta stop being so mean to this kids
man cuz like honestly they're not the
only one posting these you know weird
stuff online I've seen some pretty
ridiculous stuff from adults this was a
post on Instagram but she said talk
about a rough Monday lol hashtag stab -
I can't feel my leg hashtag worst luck
ever like this is not no you know cut
not know minor you know minor stretch
she got stabbed like if you think about
it man she really got stabbed instead of
going and getting help she really took
not one not two but three pictures of
her leg like that's kind of gross like I
don't think anyone wants to see that on
top of that here's the kicker she posts
a picture and it got 57 likes really you
did all of that for 57 left was it worth
it now this next person that I feel like
must be stopped you guys might know her
it is our president's daughter
I bought a truck she tweets anyways she
tweets I could not believe that theater
is eight months old today happy birthday
little teddy bear eight months old
happy birthday wave that does it that
doesn't add up
you
yeah I maka
you're kind of stupid so like in four
months when it's actually his birthday
would you say happy birthday gently it's
just confusing if it's his birthday now
and then in four mana is eight months is
not a birthday I'm sorry you kind of
stupid just like your dad
see you guys not just kids posting stuff
even adults do it and PS I read like
basically all my comments and I see so
many comments that trigger me that says
all rice cup does is make fun of kids I
just made fun of a bitch that got
stabbed in Trump's daughter so you guys
can't comment anymore you know I don't
just make fun of kids I make fun of
everybody regardless let's get back to
the video and make fun of more kids all
right so this next clip is this kid his
mom and just watch this video this video
makes me so mad cuz literally his mom
walks in like hey dinner's ready
all he had to say was hey mother give me
five minutes I'm playing a video game
but no he starts to start cursing her
out push it around you know just screams
at your own butt like that's your mom
like you're in that house living in the
house cuz your mom's at work you know
making that money you know you have a
video game
your mom pipe I bought you that clothes
on your back
your mom pipe on you that your bed
you're sleeping in your mom probably
bought you that food you eat every day
your mom pie by the end and the see I'm
just yelling her like that it's so it it
makes me mad you know I'm saying all
right look at this new trick I learned
what oh shit ah whoa what the heck dude
you're actually bleeding how'd you stab
yourself don't just stand there
call the ambulance oh yes yes hello
hello finally uh yeah my friend he's
like uh he stabbed himself when axe
he's like bleeding out right now please
send over help as soon as possible
yeah no I don't know what happened he
just started
you
yeah guys is gonna wrap it up thank you
so much if you made to the end you are
the real MVP before you leave make sure
to kind of allow out of everyone I've
talked about who must be stopped the
mostest if that makes sense
is it the Y key that was wrapping us at
the N word or the kid that was wearing
my shirt just to get pussy or the girl I
said daddy or the bitch they got stabbed
is how to put it on social media only
got 57 life or Donald Trump stupid Donna
that thought eight months was a birthday
or the kid that disrespects his own
mother I'll know you guys decide while
you're a drop a thumbs up and if you
were a new subscriber welcome to the
family guys I'm almost at five mil and I
don't really even think I deserve it man
five minute subscribers and you guys
blew me up so fast and the least I can
do is upload at a decent schedule at the
past month I've been just really really
really lazy and I'm done making excuses
I'm done saying sorry I should just
fucking do it I should stop saying I'm a
I'm gonna start doing this and just
actually do it so uh yeah just I
actually feel like shit ain't lame I
mean so I'm only guys that anymore I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
will see you guys very soon I promise it
won't take another week I promise I
promise I promise I thank you guys so
much have a good day and Happy
Thanksgiving
that past okay but
