hey guys it's me again and today I
wanted to change it up a little bit and
do a serious video I'm sorry I kept this
from you guys for this long I know our
relationship we never keep secrets from
each other but this was just a side of
me that I was very ashamed of but
today's the day I come clean so the
other day I came across this video of
this kid he was basically transferring
schools and no one really knows who he
is at his new school like no one really
knows him so he decides the fake and
Asian accent I thought I would do it for
a couple weeks but then I ended up doing
it for my entire sophomore year um hello
uh can I have Mick Ferrari Oh small long
please like if you were to speak
normally it would just be his regular
American accent but for a year straight
you decide to fake a Japanese accent in
front of his teachers in front of all of
his classmates so everyone in their head
they think you know he sounds Japanese
as fuck but then at the end of the year
he goes back and tells all of his
teachers all of his classmates basically
everyone he's talking to in that accent
and he tells him straight up like hey I
can speak normally it was just a joke
and it's pretty funny I want to say
thank you for uh helping me with this
year and you are all very nice to me and
like I can talk normally school is
really boring
so I thought this year there's a lot of
Americans so I was like oh let me have
an X and and yeah so I'm doing this now
basically the point I'm trying to make
is he told everyone he faked his accent
but everyone seemed super accepting
super chill you know everyone was like
oh that's pretty funny right also the
comments on his videos are all positive
and this makes me very happy because
similar to him I've also been faking my
accent but not for a year for my whole
life I know a lot of you guys are
confused it's not gonna make sense for a
couple days um but as really hope you
guys hear me out I'll explain to you
guys why I've been holding it in but
this right here is my fake voice I think
is about time to review my real voice
and my real identity uh every goddamn
day I gotta wake up and put on some
bullshit air but Real Talk I am
don't with this man I'm done with this
Darrell I want to be my goddamn self
I'll be hiding this ever since I was a
younger I remember in kindergarten right
I went over to these little kids it was
late
y'all brothers try to shoot some hoops
and they just looked at me weird and
laughed you know straight up laughed in
my face I didn't know if it was my shoes
maybe that wasn't good enough but back
there I didn't always have the press's
James you're saying but now this one do
came up right to my face and was like
you ain't supposed to sound like that
I asked what am I supposed to sound like
then and he pointed at some other Asian
dude in my class it was hard growing up
like there and I had to figure out a way
to fit in so ever since that day on the
playground I've been practicing my
normal Asian voice but honestly I'm sick
of it I'm done with that and I'm coming
out clean to y'all I'm telling y'all
first and I really hope you accept me
for who I ears look I I know it don't
exactly match my face but don't I sound
so much fucking cooler like this
can you imagine what my roast was sound
like and oh my homey still don't know
mom and pops have no clue either so I'm
about to go finally tell him what's up
mom
can I tell you something look uh I don't
mean to catch you off guard but like
this is my real voice I came out of you
like this I used to cry like this don't
you remember where where motherfucker
don't you remember mom I mean it was
ever since I was a little boy I just
wanted to fit in and be a regular kid do
you still love me mama look though I'm
sorry I kept it from you man what that
wasn't easy but this is my real voice
whoa whoa whoa what I mean we still boys
Riley why have you been keeping this
from hey I'm still the same person doing
ours just my voice y'all saying oh hey
are you okay
Hey Dude sorry about yesterday man you
just really caught me off guard BAE I
know how to make up to you bro let's go
grab some lunch
hey no worries homie I would be down but
I just missed some new friends at the
park gain - homie Tyrese is about a
pygmy oh oh oh yeah no it's all good on
me I understand
idea I just hit me up
yeah I still owe you lunch right now
let's go grab some real quick are you
want some Chipotle me oh me I would but
Jamal just said i could join his crew
where and I gotta meet up with him right
quick
oh yeah yeah nice I get a bro I
understand
you
yo bro I'm like super bored you want to
go play some video games oh man I hate
to keep doing this to you man but Daquan
just asked me to deliver some to his
baby mama ever since rice got his new
voice he's been just curving me to hang
out with his new friends like he's been
acting kind of brand new lately I got
put into this ah come on man why do you
hit me like that wait what the fuck
happened to my voice yeah pretty sure
you guys already know this but this
video was just a joke I don't actually
have two voices but I'm pretty convinced
that there's one person out there that
fell for and actually about I had two
voices but thank you so much if you made
it to the end special special shout outs
of the homie ownage pranks bro this
guy's like a prank call he has a ton of
different voice he's like a voice actor
I hit him up all day broke a borrow
voice he let me borrow his voice and
that's why the video was kind of funny
anyways go check him out he's dope
shoutout to you but if you haven't
already liked the vid if you like the
video calm your pants I read all
comments and subscribe if you are new we
are almost at 5 million I'm sorry I
haven't posted a video in a full week my
last video kind of went viral I was kind
of celebrated but hey I'm done with all
that shit time to get back on the grind
well thank you so much for coming back
every week and I will see you guys
tomorrow
