hey guys so the reason why I haven't
dropped a proper exposed video and dish
track video in a while is because
someone in the past that I have roasted
can't take a joke and he tried to sue me
so I've been trying to no lay low you
know keep it low-key a little bit but
I'm done holding back man I want to have
fun I want full savage mode tonight
so recently guys I was roasted and it
sucks a lot right before I fire back and
ruin her career let me give you guys
some backstory so basically every now
and then on YouTube one lucky person
right just blows up
Ramy just games a crap ton of views a
crap ton of subscribers this month the
lucky person was Zoe Berger if you don't
know who Zoe Berger is I first off she's
not even a youtuber she was actually
live-streaming on this other website she
was too sexual so she got banned so
YouTube was like her second option so
she came over here messed around and
somehow she blew up basically she would
sit there and play video games which no
one give a shit about she also sat there
and talked a lot like she told stories
it just keeps talking and talking and
talking when no one really gives a shit
but every time she loses the game of
Call of Duty she stands up turns around
and starts twerking that booty right and
that's basically how she blew up but hey
I make fun of kids she twerks for views
you know at least she found something
that she was good at right no props to
her I'm happy for her I have nothing
against her but the other day she
decides to roast me she started tweeting
at me all this stuff like how she hates
me how I suck this and this and that
like what the heck what is this girl
talking about
and then she follows up with why not
make a vid free views or are you afraid
of juicing someone who is on the come-up
better than you she's basically saying
resto why not roast meat rice girl
please rose to me please roast me so
know all your viewers can know about me
and I could get more attention and more
publicity but I'm too smart for that I'm
not gonna fall for the trick so you know
I was ignoring everything but she just
keeps swinging at me all this random
stuff so I know I'm a blocker but
somehow she uses this to gain attention
she tweets out a picture that shows me
blocking her and said I really didn't
think a trans girl would be this shook
from all this shit talking now I'm bad
but the thing that doesn't make sense is
like why is she coming at me why is she
roasting me so hard for no reason right
I didn't do anything wrong
Paree I did do something wrong let's
hear her side of the story four million
subscribers at 17 years old 17 like I
want to sit there and talk shit to him
when in reality he just hurt my feelings
at one point and he made me cry and I
want to get back at him I want to make
him look stupid but honestly I hold on
first off I'm not seventeen up eighteen
second off when did I ever make you cry
what are you talking
oh shit it all makes sense now
you guys probably don't know this
because this was like way back ago but
me and Zoey used to be friends this was
before she blew up on YouTube this was
like months and months ago I wish I
saved the clips of us talking back then
but I lost a lot of them I actually have
one though this was when her audio
wasn't working so I was typing out
helping her set up her audio to set up
her stream to make her stream better
right hmm the audio singing okay I'm
clicking it the volume button mixer
mixer then drag okay open volume mixer
speakers I'm over here helping her I
gave her a shout-out there's the proof
you know I'm a relatively nice person
and then a couple weeks after me helping
her she asked me you know can we stream
together again where you know I would
stream she would also stream and we know
with just talked and this was the way
she would get a heart of you she wasn't
working she wasn't showing a lot of
cleavage she was just being a regular
person right and so we were talking and
the main purpose of the live stream says
live streams go on for hours and hours
if you're not entertaining people are
gonna leave because you know no one's
gonna sit around for hours if the last
room is boring right so I'll say you
know what Zoey you're kind of boring I'm
getting kind of sleepy so I hung up on
her and that's that right I didn't think
much of it and recently she blows up on
YouTube and still to this day she's
still holding a grudge against me she
still hates me as she tweets at me
remember when you called me boring to
your live stream of 7000 while you
inspired me to swish things up laughing
emoji and she sends me a picture of her
having 34,000 live viewers way away so
let me get this straight you were a
regular girl play video games game like
a hundred two hundred views right I told
you you were boring and you took that
and use that as motivation you stopped
wearing regular clothes and started
wearing bikinis you started talking to
sluttier who also
a new element to your stream where you
started twerking so I basically made you
the person you are today so I don't see
what the big deal is like you're welcome
she was actually live-streaming
yesterday and you guys are gonna laugh
at this one everyone wants to talk a big
fucking game before they're famous
before they're well-known and then they
get well-known and they want to fucking
forget everyone who helped them on the
way there that's not me that's not who I
am and the minute I start being like
that I'm gonna find myself not lucky not
experiencing any of the success because
I'll forget what the fuck made me in the
first place and I'm never gonna be like
that ever ever ever never or like never
ever or like never ever but enough of
the cherish as she did roast me and
besides and the fact that I made her
career and she twerks a lot I know
nothing about this girl so before I do
my diss track time to do some research
hey Tom tui
what y'all doing Oh mom no it's not
where looks like you know you're 19
right what did I tell you where
hi time for not again what did I tell
you no ma this is another
misunderstanding no that's nothing back
sir
it wasn't easy but I did my research and
I came to the conclusion that zoe is the
biggest hypocrite ever there's three
motherfucking reasons why I don't like
me Khalifa one
she what rice gum used her to say Mia
Khalifa comes on screen so he could pull
in some of her porn um it's like like
would he call it porn Watchers into his
audience literally dude literally
low-hanging fruit dude oh my god
let she's over here like oh my god he
called the porn star to take her porn
audience when her whole audience is the
porn audience all your viewers are horny
guys a couple of weeks ago she started
slowing down and not getting as much
view so she was like what can I do to
get you know pop it again so she was
like you know what let me promise all my
young viewers my naked pictures when I
get 1 million subscribers but here's the
twist her naked pictures are already on
Google like someone already leaked her
and let me say I'm not impressed but
here's my prediction guys she's gonna
eventually get 1 million subscribers but
as three she does she's gonna drop them
pictures and we're all unsubscribing
baby and last but not least I've been
doing a really good job ignoring her so
she has no idea that I'm about to roast
her so surprised thank you what would
you do a fresca roasted you though you
don't want that he's not going to do do
that because it would give me more
subscribers and he didn't wanna make me
grow any quicker
yo it's time
all you young viewers wanna bathe all
your young viewers wanna be showing off
your body for some change
and sunshine
News not Lake nipples looking strange
and I'm pretty sure your pussy's dad
gaining more than me that's not true for
male us 700k and you used to call me
every day I'm the reason you got some
bad
I know fall about your pussy smell how
does it feel to catch it now bro what
change the B bro I'm not feeling this at
all ah alright fine fine I got some for
you
hey Stella Creasy Little Caesars these
ain't working but is looking like a
seizure
you got one note again height now but
they already been leaked you need the
pipe nail down what the hair underneath
your arm for nah and why your head built
like Jar Jar out of ten our part give
you four stars they only want you for
the fat like a porn star horns are say
you Tony but you looking over 30 like a
pussy got your room hella dirty talk
shit I'm sending shots like I'm Curry
doing you caller Zoe Burke I call her
Howie bird keep talking you don't kiss
this day what you shaking man you barely
got Kane okay I'm 19 stop staying I'm
hella young you really think you've got
talent bitch you hell of dog hello dog
eyebrows for apartments Frizzle Frizzle
big Eagle but not bigger than y'all
niggas Roni why draw that shit looking
hella strong dough one no get the news
that week
before you guys are like rice gum stop
slut shaming her guys she calls herself
a slut on top of that she roasted me
first it was like begged for me to make
a video on her so there you have it but
yeah guys that's gonna wrap it up like
the video if you liked the video comment
I read every single comment if you are a
new subscriber welcome to the family
hope to see you back here soon
thank you for watching once again I'll
see you guys next time and I'm gonna go
comment on her videos with my own song
lyrics colors Zoe Burke I call her Holly
bird she's talking you go catch this day
there's this baby what you shaking man
you barely got
