so the other day I was at the gym and
when I was walking out something
happened
all right guys got a pretty lit workout
in me I'm pretty tired I usually I'm not
like this tired after a gym working guys
I just started guys and I know I used to
be really skinny but guys I just started
and I'm low-key though look at like look
at me bro
like that's not that bad bro I just
started - sorry bro bro chill bro I got
a bright future bro now I was kidding
guys it was just Africa in a mask but
look now that I have your attention the
other day something was taken away from
me that I can't take back so last week I
posted a video about like this 13 year
old couple that was like cheating on
each other you know I was adding my own
input reacting to it whatever the case
may be cracking jokes right it was a
good video got like 2 million views
whatever right but a couple days later
someone literally took my video and
chopped it up and put it on their
Twitter and that shit started going
viral like usually Twitter videos that
go viral they get like 20,000 30,000
retweets and likes right you know some
along those lines right this video that
he took from me he literally stole my
content put on his channel got 200,000
likes and yeah I'm glad that people you
don't like my video and stuff but like
this dude didn't credit me he didn't tag
me he didn't show me I didn't you do
anything just put the vo there and he
was kind of gaining off of my video not
only that by him putting that video on
Twitter other Twitter's were like you
know what that video did really good I'm
gonna take that video and see if that
can also do good on their page so other
pages were stealing his tweet which was
stolen from my video so people were you
know stealing his shit which was my shit
so just a ton of people were just just
stealing my shit even someone that I
thought was a really close friend of
mine someone that I've known since fifth
grade we went way back we've been
friends forever
but even she stole my content like the
Dori Twitter page took my video put it
on her Twitter got like 50,000 likes
which is a shit ton Dave and credit me
bro I gained nothing like I didn't even
know they had Wi-Fi underwater are you
kidding
all we've been through you're gonna stay
here and just steal my content without
even crediting me I went to both of your
movie premieres RI I cried at the last
movie I supported you right even way you
want to go find your parents
no one believes in you not even the
homie Marlon believed in you but I
believed in you
alright I believe in you but he doesn't
does it matter our friendships over
Africa take that shit off what
take it off no bets comfortable I don't
care take it off no but I like it bro
take it off dude I'll care but wait guys
it gets better for me not only was I
robbed on Twitter I was also robbed on
Facebook like something off Facebook
took a segment of my video put it on his
Facebook page right and get ready for
this the video got 20 million views bro
and he was just using my content and
he'd even credit me to let me put it in
perspective man I saw this you know
13-year old couple that were like chill
each other that was funny I added my own
end point you know I was laughing at it
you know I did a little skit the end
whatever posted it edit it you know edit
all that shit together put it on YouTube
took me a couple hours a lot of hours
actually I put on YouTube got two
million views so random guy I thought
this was funny so he took my video put
on his Facebook not that much effort
right 20 million views so you guys are
probably wondering now wait rice them
who is that thief best oi your content
without crediting you it was fucking
Alex from Target I'm not sure if you
guys remember him because he's kind of
irrelevant now but this dude who used to
work at Target so random girl took a
picture of him and post it on Twitter
and if you were like oh my god he's kind
of cute and he started gaining followers
he was on LED blew off for being
attractive and for working at Target so
he starts blowing up on social media a
little bit and guess what he does she
quits his job at Target that's the type
of person he is me on the other hand I
blew up on YouTube but I still work at
Target I remember my roots man if you
guys don't know I used to work at Target
I still do cuz I never switch up because
of fame
damn it's been a while I forgot how to
clock it but fuck it up
hey you need help excuse me I don't have
a clue who you might be but who you
realize no am i working Oh see there you
go yeah he apparently you do you know
who that is rice rice you I said whose
rice Cup I'm Alex I'm sorry good look at
me man still the same owe me man know
your roots know where you came from stay
humble start from the bottom now we here
but you still got to work at Target cuz
you guys stay to your roots but the best
part about this whole thing is I'm not
sure you guys know this but you get paid
for posting on YouTube based week and I
think Instagram but you get paid actual
money basically how it works is for
every million views you get you get X
amount of money so it can vary from a
thousand to five thousand for per
million views so you times it together
that's a shit ton of money so this Alex
from Target guy is making thousands of
money for just taking my video like
that's kind of not fair but hey guys I
did it a day is just money it's just
paper whatever right I think the main
reason why I'm mad and why I'm making
this video is because I saw a ton of
comments on this video like who's that
guy with the proper hair or that purple
hair guy is kind of funny probably our
guy is kind of cute purple hair you know
like people didn't know who I was cuz he
didn't tag me he didn't credit me and
you know a lot of the people were comedy
and they're like girl names and grow
profile pictures on FaceTime like these
girls are hot they could be my potential
life you know I mean but they don't know
who I am now hey you know what screw
this man I'm a DM er I may introduce
myself cuz she wants to know who I she's
like who's that guy right he didn't
credit me so I got a credit myself man
hold on I'm here with the hey wait bro
hair with a smiley face true true true
holy SH you're applied so fast she said
hey who's this oh man about to introduce
myself
hmm wait bro add haha so she thinks like
you're not too serious dude you're so
smart dude why not think of that oh hey
you're kind of cute
bro she thinks I'm cute why no way bro
hear what that let's meet up
I don't man you think it's too soon for
that no bro trust me what have I ever
let you down bro oh do she's down bro
Santa
all right guys so I'm here at the park
about to be my baby I don't know where
she is like that I've been looking
around I'll see well I would text her
really quick Oh a lot
where are you at hmm
she says she's behind the tree oh shit
damnit guys I got a catfish but yeah
guys it's gonna wrap it up thank you so
much if you miss to the F subscribe if
you are new and like I said in
yesterday's video I'm gonna post a lot
more I've been slack oh yeah one more
thing you guys remember when me and
Jesse and Andy how like that roast off
where they roasted me I roasted them it
was pretty legendary well this was the
aftermath of the whole thing
no we fucked up when he comes up my fans
that's where I draw the line
I summon on thee a million L take this
out right now if you and your fat friend
want to survive you two can you hide
what a twirl
but that's what happens when you roast
me man the aftermath is not it's not
pretty you feel me but yeah the film is
out link is in the description go watch
it now you might as well at this point I
mean you watch this whole video you
might as well go watch that video
