hey guys it's me again so I wanted to
make this video to let you guys know
that you guys are probably the best
supporters in the world and I am the
worst like I am so sorry
I'm not sure if you guys know this but I
posted four videos in the past four
weeks so basically means I've been
posting one video every week like that
is unacceptable like during summer I was
dropping like three to four videos a
week you know dropping dish track after
dish track it was a good time and now I
just been slacking so much and you would
think like now I don't post that much
like that rice comes probably out doing
something useful out doing something fun
no I'm at home doing nothing I just been
lazy I was on my couch using tinder like
two seconds ago like apparently this app
is like a dating app or whatever I don't
know but I just made an account here's
my tinder profile here's my profile
picture you got my face in it my bio it
just says formula on YouTube you feel me
so that's my tinder profile and it's
been working out pretty well and see I
can't just judge a book by it's cover I
got a read her into her bio 22 single
mom not here to hook up not here to hook
up bro that's for how she became a
single mom in the first place Ashley
cool or whatever but like she's just a
mother you know I'm not looking to raise
any children so nope I don't know guys I
have like really high expectations you
know I mean like oh I have high
standards but Haffa ID I am a
transgender from Guam ooh and she's 34
okay I can I can work with this and I
also just set up my brand-new studio set
up like I'm in the studio you know it's
like it's like a cool vibe I also got my
game over here I'm chilling and I got
auto-tune I'll sing it look at that kill
watch guys I must show you guys some
right there's two guys in here boom boom
double kill I just got a bouquet look at
that
triple dude get that oh my god you
missed it basically the plan I'm trying
to make is lately I've been unproductive
I've been lazy I just been doing stuff
that doesn't matter you gotta be more
consistent man you guys have been so
good to me and all you guys want is for
me to deliver good content and I have
not been doing that right so all this
slacking all this laziness
ends right now you guys see this this is
a pellet gun all right I actually bought
this on accident do I thought was a BB
gun where I feel like you know shoot
some tin cans for fun outside but this
is a pellet gun bro like people hunt
deer this can kill a deer one of my
vlogs I accidentally shot my own roof
like look at this guys look at this bro
that shit is not a joke look like that
is that some - its deadly basically what
I'm trying to say is I built a
contraption I have this wire connected
to the trigger of that sniper rifle and
I have the rulers and all the
projectiles mapped out if I pull this
wire this should shoot out and hit
around this area bro and I just wanna
let you guys know that I'm sorry at you
guys for granted I'm sorry for uploading
once a week like what am i doing that's
so slacking bro
I'm so sorry so right now take your
pinky let's make a pinky promise bro I
swear I will upload a video every other
day so that's like three to four uploads
a week three to four a week I'm gonna
try everyday but three or four we at
least and if I don't know you guys have
to call me Ali if I don't upload like
every other day you guys had a guy rice
come you always that video where you
pull the trigger with a sniper I'll take
it like a man you heard it here first
boys and girls if you guys catch me
slacking if I'm not posted three to four
times a week if I'm being lazy again if
I'm on tinder doing stupid stuff again
sniper to the dick why am I even
worrying about this I'm gonna guys I am
back on the uncommitted baby I'm
actually gonna post a video tomorrow
here's a sneak peek all right guys got a
pretty lit workout and man I am pretty
tired I usually I'm not like this tired
after a gym working guys I just started
guys and I know I used to be really
skinny but guys I just started and I'm
low key though look at like look at me
bro like that's not that bad bro I just
started too so
