as it ought to breathe the same air is a
game I'm wearing a bikini so he should
just be quiet
I just want to say got out to all my
fans out there snow so Haley New York is
popular for their pizza is really good
so I'll be the judge of that okay okay
now I get the height with the New York
visa it was okay that was my breakfast
actually just got a filming on set I
once again I can't tell you guys
anything but I'm here in New York till
Friday but it doesn't mean anything
because I'm still making contact today
me and my boy eh we bout to go around
terrorize your trust me this vlog is
about to get no so apparently I've got
the biggest camera for in the world no
more words everything in the world I
mean I like what I see so far but man
I'll be the judge of that
Wow oh my do i can really film so much
pornos with this as i mentioned all the
videos be a sober convey and I'm not
looking at pornos you sick minded people
at them is this imagine vlogging like
what the guy this time that's great
only thing is it's just kind of hurts my
arm so that just means oh I just receive
the bag and the craziest thing is we're
leaving and I don't need that I call it
an uber wait five minutes because we
have the driver all day I'm gonna
introduce you guys
sir what's up man how is the way I don't
ring it too much lag
I'm really caught right now boys and
girls we were here about to get a grill
about to get iced out of gear jewelry so
this jeweler that I've actually
basically they start on themselves to
all famous people I mean so many famous
people really that we see he hung it
just a bit a base again like really does
new in bottles yeah Rockies that's what
we do out here he's my new friend yeah
this is my name is ASA
Eva and some girls done oh yeah so
that's basically what my teeth look like
te EF mat t th
good morning but this coat of shit
nothing's changed we're here till Friday
like I said can you guys see my breath
it's so cold in the subway right now I'm
not talking about no five-dollar
footlong there's my boy trying to keep
up with your guys's comments he really
reads the comments just let you know
he's here doing the biggest biggest
video commercial in the world and he's
reading your comments dedication that's
crazy there's so much time
and we're spending like five days
filming for just 30 seconds they were
using 30 seconds for the commercial is
taking five days all this extra effort
is quality over quantity man we will
just want to put our heart into it you
know that's what I'm all about
yeah I really like how they advanced the
technology like they're making a
simulator trainers really going viola
the Train is a Nova's lights making it
that way on top of that the snacks are
always exciting that anybody could just
have their first commercial be a Super
Bowl commercial be the star lead role in
I've got less
five cents and I think
this is the last shot I don't have to
lock it up don't get bad we just wrapped
up the first location we're about to
move but before we do man you know
Superbowl commercial they take care of
the pockets but are they bout to feed me
though I'm starting to have a shit all
day
feels good they have the spaghetti on
deck okay yeah guys I'm a New York till
Friday but look man it's top secret I
can't tell you guys what I'm doing here
is top secret like none of you guys know
so stop guessing what it is this did
that no it's top secret no one knows yet
oh yeah and one more thing I knew that
New York was like a poplar in a plate
New York Yankee in New York did this pop
what no idea was this cold like how do
you guys do this how boys and girls I
don't know how these guys found the
location I'm at apparently they've been
waiting outside for two hours I feel bad
because I know how cool it is at least I
can do is just go out there because
we're about to drive officers this is
the least I could do two hours standing
the clock might as well
we think rice I think it's full that
they were happy to see me no I'm just a
regular human way they mount this boba
tea it's worth the risk if they poison
just how it has to be oh my God look at
all these buildings Oh Oh finished we
guess what there's two more days
so many hours were 30-second commercial
I'm thinking about it we got here at
6:00 it is 10 right now part of my
calculations that's at least more than
four our currently waiting till the set
is raised so I can go and film as of now
I'm just stayed here and I'm really
thinking like in my bills I always joke
around like my vids are never serious
but let's take one second every day just
to get serious so this might ruin your
childhood but you guys just have to hear
me out
budge Bob the show is not good I don't
know why my parents as a kid even let me
watch it like me growing up I used to
watch it all the time and I'm thinking
maybe that show influenced me to be Who
I am today because I'm not a good kid
hear me out all right just check out
this clip that right there just
kidnapped somebody and I swear that's
illegal you can't just be throwing
people to better your trouble wait it
gets worse are you kidding me are you
kidding me this fool really sat on him
and threw that ass back it wasn't just
the sexual assault right there I swear
you kill yourself people and they're not
only dead but he was throwing it back he
was throwing it back what's that's child
abuse is illegal you can't just be
Spanky killing that there is child abuse
you're facing the wrong way sir I mean I
don't even need to explain myself these
are all crying why are they promoting
this to kids this is why kids are
turning bad boys I'm here with two
legends only as understand how cool this
is it has a kid that makes videos in his
room all by himself with the crappiest
care clickedu it just looks right for
free nah I'm saying there's a lot of
effort to not th ot like what is all
this extra stuff for diamond Jordan that
dark so this next shot is in a dark
alley it's kind of sketchy you know what
if someone runs up on me to rob me I
mean the last time I was in a dark alley
it just wasn't good but that's a dollar
to breathe the same air so as of right
now rice has one more shot and the
reason he has one more shot because he
doesn't want kids to get the paint
action
it still beats my pocket full of money
bill I'm in the hell's bitch my soul
just did a hundred mail
