hey guys it's me again so the other day
I was like really really bored and I
really wanted to Netflix and chill but I
couldn't afford it so I had the youtube
and chill and I was just surfing around
YouTube but I think I might have found
the stupidest video that I've ever seen
in my life literally I saw this video of
like crazy girl friends trying to set up
their own boyfriend to find out if they
were cheating on them or not like they
went out and hired attractive girls to
flirt with her boyfriend while they're
not around right and they're like spying
on them and I'm just like what that's
not even fair suntan lotion on my back
my brother says Jesus is coming to meet
me the girlfriend oh but she's not you
yet she's not here yet babe please okay
just just good it's my Jerry yeah
Oh guys I don't know why she's so mad
it's a hot sunny day the Sun has like UV
rays coming on your skin no she wasn't
trying to get skin cancer he was just
helping her out right like why was she
trippin one should remember sometimes
you should rip it off no fun
wait turn her down and he goes numbered
he said his girlfriend is coming it's
still suspect it still suspect to me
wait a minute why is she still mad I
mean what more does she want from him he
Lily said no to her she wanted his
number no put lotion on my butt
no now her butt might get cancer I don't
know man I just don't really think this
is fair like literally there was this
other girl that had to hire two hot
twins to flirt with her boyfriend and
it's like this is an opportunity of a
lifetime
hey watch what that Alexis I like that
but I gotta stop hey where's that right
there you wanna pull my ass
you could you could touch my ABS you
could go lower if you want Oh can't
touch your absolute ya have a girlfriend
you know like do you have a oh yeah I've
got a girlfriend but you haven't watchin
we're gonna break though what if he
flirted back that's good honestly
because if he didn't flirt back then
that's what you should be worried
because like he might be so it's like a
lose-lose situation man you can't win
with these females oh wait it gets even
stupider they get a thirteen-year-old
couple on the show like what at the age
of 13 I don't even know what a girl was
by okay what you're doing at the part um
I'm going to - yeah I do cheerleading Oh
um how old are you I'm 13
oh I'm 12 you like younger girls yeah
yeah I could go for a tool so you
probably have like a bunch of
girlfriends right no I don't can I have
your number yeah sure can I give you a
hug yeah see okay yeah mom I'm so happy
hey guys rehearse all right no do you
consider that cheating I guess okay I
don't wanna dress yeah these 13 year
olds ain't loyal I didn't know how this
was possible but the show gets even
stupider like she was really upset and
sad right so they wanted to see how she
would feel after a week of her breakup
and just watch this shit what happened
nothing did you break up with Jaden or
Gessle together
this is your new boyfriend ro cool all
right so what's been the biggest
difference between dating Jay is now
dating Marquis he knows how to translate
he introduced me all his friends already
so I feel like it's a serious
relationship now he has shared his lunch
with me why she was so devastated and
sad to her boyfriend she on her and a
week later she's already moved on out
and about so he was never done so you're
done with cheered basically it's cool
and Marquis I mean would you ever cheat
on your girlfriend no I know a good day
see damn she really dropped her Jimmy
and got herself a Daquan so I can sir
the conclusion dance is far the dumbest
show ever like this Joe is so stupid
once you go black you never go back
thank you for watching I'll catch you
guys later all right bro
hey where you going bro I'm about to go
chill but hey edit the video and tell me
go subscribe to my vlog channel please
huh why was race time always defending
the cheater makes you think man like is
he a cheater himself is he loyal hey sir
I saw her show on YouTube and I was
wondering if hi it's me afro and I
produce all of rice dome songs I ate all
those bills and I'm also his cameraman I
do all the dirty work right and you know
me and resin have a very interesting
relationship and you know by his
reaction to all the couples cheating by
him laughing him over here you know
complaining it makes me wonder is he
actually loyal to me or is he a cheater
so today we'll put him to the test
wait bro wait myself are you guys though
does a row row i watch all your videos
we should go first good bra do you have
a camera man I am a camera camera
I know how to hold it still I don't want
little room I want to camera now mr.
Berman for I love you need one well also
do you need producer cuz I know you make
this tracks
bro I don't have a producer but is
nothing you want so I will not that your
I smell big time bro where's this guy
what's your word Oh check out my number
your exchange a number you sure new
cameraman bald ever why is he trying to
replace me dawg
no come true though I can't do this
anymore
