hey guys it's me again so I'm not sure
if you guys know this but October is my
favorite month
why is October my favorite month well
the weather is really nice and at the
end of the month you can knock on random
people's door and they give you free
candy but this year I can't even enjoy
my October cuz legally all month I just
been hearing cloud this killer Klown in
my town oh my god clowns that like
people are non-stop talking about clowns
and at first I thought it was just
people you know just dressing up as
clowns just scaring them my oh I'm a big
jokester you know it's all fun and games
but this shit ain't no joke there's like
articles that people go missing people
are dying there's murders there's people
getting arrested there's videos of this
cloud attempting murders it's crazy man
what the shit one's a shit shit TJ TJ
stop T down bout to run TJ TJ TJ come on
we need to go oh yeah what the fuck are
you doing what the hell's wrong with you
artist nigga hanging on the back of the
bus
it's a fucking clown get the fuck out of
here okay he's right happens he hits a
bitch
like how can I join my October going
that these clowns exist really I'm kinda
confused
is it like actual clouds or just people
dressing up as clowns bro isn't it the
same thing like is it like real-life
actual like real like clowns or just
people are know buying a costume and
just dressing up as a clown bro what
even is an actual clown you're not
listening to me
like you know how they're like baby
clowns and like they grow up to be
actual clowns like is it like a real
clown out there hunting people or just
like people playing around just dressing
up as clowns like I'm kind of confused
like which one is it bro you're not
making any sense to just get out anyways
what I was saying was I feel like these
clowns are making people so scared that
they don't even know how to react
oh hey bitch damn on one fucking average
dumbass what the fuck my money's gone
before bursting up what the heck last
time I checked a car is way more
powerful than a clown these guys are
backing up screaming oh my god clown
like if I was in that car best believe
I'm driving full speed I'm hitting that
bitch actually scratch that I believe we
need a car if I'm on my feet and I see a
clown I'm being the ass man I know I was
kind of scared earlier all that cloud
stuff kind of creeped me out
but clowns are just humans in a costume
I scared them next time I see a clown
I'm being the ass
no chill jump here's my wallet here's my
phone I don't want any trouble
yo yo chill bro it's just me dawg I'm
trying on my new Halloween costume
alright guys I guess clowns are kind of
scary and chances are you pilot live in
these states and look man you guys are
my subscribers you guys are like my
brothers and sisters I love you guys
and if something were to happen to you
guys if you guys were to get stabbed or
kidnapped or anything that would break
my heart
like that would literally that destroyed
me these things are all the states that
there's clown
that people have spotted clouds it so
chances are there's a cloud around your
area if you need to watch out
so I leave you guys tips and tricks on
how to survive a cloud encounter we
might play with it which oh look dude
chill out bro I with you guys
the clown mask method is very effective
and will work but if you think about it
do you really want to just carry around
a mask all day like it it kind of smells
bad it's really big and bulky like it
doesn't even fit your pocket it's just
annoying you know I mean so here's
another method have your phone what you
see a clown play their song by yourself
in it with any lurking lurk
take your goofy ass back to the circus
how you got all that makeup and you
still ugly if I see a clown he go be the
one running cuz I got a couple blocks in
my backpack coin and I'll set him
headshots like a snapshot I don't even
care clouds life don't matter no if a
clown run up than his brace letter and
your shoes and your shirt never match
bitch yeah always got the same ass trash
fit dressing up as a clown you a lame
bro are you looking like a motherfucking
rainbow rank got a big as knows this of
nappy hair wanna jump out at me I ain't
even scared no next time you don't cut
him better think twice because if me
afro see you we go in your life hey cut
cut cut cut
what are you doing bro come on tone it
down alright if you're excited clowns
aren't that excited it's towing a little
bit back from the top yeah bro you're
just a little bit too enthusiastic you
know just toning that a little bit we're
almost done um so yeah action whoa whoa
whoa whoa wait a minute
if you're over there who's the clown
suit I am the clown suit what fine man
you caught me but yeah guys I guess
that's gonna wrap it up thank you so
much if you made it to the end I want to
say one thing before this video ends was
it that clown soon for like an hour for
the purpose of the video and
it was the most uncomfortable situation
I've ever been in literally the zoo was
so hot I was like robber I don't know
when it was I was literally sweating my
balls off I took it out I was drenched
in sweat I smell like shit the math was
so uncomfortable the math was all up in
my face I couldn't hardly even breathe
the hair was tickling my back I was
itchy I was sweaty I was hard to breathe
I could hardly see it was just it was so
uncomfortable and to think that there's
people that go out their way as a hobby
I dressed up as a clown and go out and
scare people or do violent shit your
life sucks man like drew out there
you're sweating in the woods
chances are you smell like shit if
you're watching this in your clown take
a shower but yeah guys that is it for me
today if you guys did enjoy there is
more where that came from if you are new
around here
Trampas subscribe I'm gonna drop another
banger tomorrow but drop a thumbs up
comment your opinions and I will see you
guys tomorrow
