hey guys it's me again so you guys know
that I like to keep my YouTube life in
my personal life you know very separate
right but something happened recently
that I don't think I can do that anymore
it's really hard for me to open up on
camera and I'm sorry I shoulda told you
guys this way sooner I gotta get it off
my chest
I have a little sister and the reason
why I never brought this up is cuz
there's other youtubers that also have
sisters and they make videos with their
sisters and let me tell you man the
comments on those videos about the
sisters are disgusting I smash that like
button faster than I smash your sister
let me dick her down as your sister got
it to be honest your sister got some
chaos I wasn't nice I just don't want
anyone disrespecting my sister like that
and I know some people are gonna be like
random stuff like you don't even have a
sister when you making up lies bro
explain these pictures bro
we look identical bro that's my little
sister Ling Ling and the reason why I'm
bringing all this up is because she's
been having a really hard time at school
like kids keep picking on her and I just
feel bad at you know me being a really
good brother I just want to stand up for
her so now since we got that all out the
way basically there's this little girl
she's been picking and bullying on my
little sister she even made a fool video
just threatening my sister man watch
this shit hey so this is a true story
okay it's about this girl they tried to
touch my boyfriend's head and she told
me on the bus that she did not like him
and she wouldn't do that to me and she
still did hold up before we go any
further this little girl I don't know
how old she is but she's outside at
night it's dark outside there's no adult
supervision around this grows a savage
and now I know why my sister's kind of
scared of her I had to take a different
bus one day and she said she wouldn't
touch him or mess with him anything I
said okay good
and then at lunch she wants to go hey
can we have our missile onto a week
right now hey can we have arm wrestle
I'm too weak right now don't want to do
it hey can we have okay done yeah arm
wrestle because she does when it touches
it well let me get this straight so this
girl is all worked up because my sister
did an arm wrestle with her boyfriend
and they touch hand and she's jealous
wait what first off this girl is too
good to have a boyfriend on top of that
she's too young to be dis clingy so I
called her right and why didn't call her
cuz we're gonna do confronting thing and
it worked perfectly so let's listen to
this okay so Mia caught her she was like
hey um I know you're flirting I knew you
were flirting with Stephen at lunch cuz
I know you're trying to just touch us in
because you I know you like him she's a
yeah I like him a lot don't tell Kylie
and then I confronted her and she kept
talking Jackie mommy I'm not gonna tell
you holster it's like all this and that
right and then I come in the film I
thought I was like oh so you like my
boyfriend she said no no I never said I
said you've just said that girl you just
said it I don't know why but like this
girl reminds me of someone
hey what's up bitches I'm back with
another YouTube video and I just was
talking about price gum that dirty ass
Kristy ass bitch ass nigga thinks he's
the shit
no he isn't the shake oh my god oh
they're the same people and I said okay
well wait until at school you'll see
what happens then we went to school
right and I walk up to the door
no I didn't I just looked at her and she
was on her fucking she was scared cars I
was about to slap her cuz she got a
minor since she won't lag to me girl you
don't lie to me about my boyfriend guys
I can't do this man her voice keeps
squeaking that was about to slap her
because she got a minor since she won't
lie to me um because you this is one
thing you want to mess with my boyfriend
you're gonna get messed up but I bet
myself this girl because she was too
scared and I didn't want to get in
trouble at school
so yeah I can mess you up I'll pull up
at your crib you're gonna pull up to my
crib Wow
gosh you can't even drive
been a bike or something we are not
scared of you me and lately we're not
scared you pull up dead talk right now
exactly she's like one of those girls
that just talked all online like I'm
gonna do this I'm gonna do that you know
I'm uh I'm gonna hit you with this and
like in person she ain't about it bro
cuz when it comes down to it she's not
about it like you know all mine she's
all tough look at me I'm tough but in
person
get down
ah damn bro she got us mad bro well fuck
you do it this girl is crazy man what
the fuck was that dude are you serious
but it was a drive-by to act like you've
never been in one before come on we're
gonna get her back
nah man screw that man I don't want any
part of this man
I have tough online but like in real
life I'm just a pussy but dude are you
are you serious right now
broke up you're embarrassing me get up
but why you crying you're acting as if
it's more than a dress it's just the
drama it was just a little dry but bro
this guy's me a little baby right I
guess I gotta do on my own
oh my god she didn't have eyebrows she
didn't have eyebrows
alright guys so I have the trap set up
over there
alright I'm gonna try to keep it quiet
but it's a lot of wind I have the traps
out over there and hopefully she comes
and gets you know her eyebrows and then
when she's walking by you know I don't
miss baby guys it's been like five hours
why is not taking the bait
oh sure she's here oh oh oh
ah let's go baby
what rice what are you doing out what
are you doing out here bro what are you
out here bro I read all the way here
you're not with the girl are you dead
Wait Wait yo are you dead well yeah bro
bro bro oh my god oh my gosh he's dead
no bro come on y'all quit playing good
plan
yeah good plan done good we're done ah
Levi guys it's gonna wrap it up oh yeah
right Scoob isn't dead by the way you
know he's just he's busy he's doing yeah
he is he's dead but hey look at the
bracelet you guys have me now right but
hey I want to make a public service
announcement before this video ends
right make sure like the video but if
you were a kid getting bullied someone's
picking on you you guys are basically my
brothers and sisters if you are
subscribed to the channel you are my
brother and sister if you are getting
bullied let me know damn there's my
email just email me be you know brief
summary hey grace I'm getting bullied
over here by this meanie a link to a
picture I got the sniper and just know I
don't miss but that's gonna wrap it up
guys
unlike rice cup I read every comment so
make sure to drop a nice little comment
subscribe if you're new do not forget to
subscribe cuz you're gonna miss out on
some great content but that's gonna wrap
it up thank you again if you guys made
it so dad you guys are the best and I
will be so excited to see you back here
next week
who's hahaha
