hey guys it's me again so you guys know
how like sometimes just some random ass
challenge just goes viral like last year
people were literally dropping condoms
on each other's head and they called it
the condom challenge well recently there
has been this new challenge floating
around right a lot of young kids have
been trying it out it's called the hot
challenge I didn't know what it was to
be honest I just checked it out and just
to point that out there I do not like it
one bit if you don't know what the hug
challenges are just imagine going up to
somebody having your phone out recording
them and then just roasting them on
camera and then just to top it all off
to just add on to the amazing rose you
have to make the most obnoxious sound
ever as if you're taking it up the butt
my name's Amanda and I ride horses click
here right dick name is Sydney and all
my guy friends have my news hmm means
bleak and I play soccer because I'm a
fucking pussy my name is Sabrina and I
wear long jackets to hide the fact that
I have no ass my name is Deb and I am
the leader of Isis hmm hi my name is
Carly and
damn these kids are mean alright so for
this next one I want you guys to guess
what she's gonna get roasted on I
there's a lot to pick from Bell give you
guys some time there were sport things
to school so people know I'm air wedding
what the fuck athletic how is that even
a roast hi my name is Morgan if I were
to film a copy machine it would mistake
my ass is a piece of paper yeah my
explanation was pretty spot-on well yeah
some of you guys probably thought that
was funny but like I just think it's
rude that's considered bullying and on
top of that like that a hot thing is so
annoying my name is Jackie and I take
one guy to homecoming but sleep with
another yeah that was kind of messed up
but you could tell about how her face
changed like she was pissed and now the
whole lunch table knows like she brought
some dude to homecoming but slept with
another but now it's on the internet so
now the whole internet knows including
us now we know and that's some personal
stuff so like imagine how she feels like
she probably feels like shit my name is
Nick and I were the same sweater to
school every day are you serious alright
man let's be honest we all have that one
kid at school that wears the same hoodie
every day or same shirt every day no he
doesn't have that much clothes right you
might be that one kid I used to be that
one kid back in high school I had this
one hoodie that I wore all the time if
someone were to came up to me it was
like he wear the same hoodie every day
like that would make me sadly I would be
annoyed but you know I mean so like
maybe this guy his parents aren't you
know the riches or he can't afford
another hoodie or maybe that's his
favorite hoodie well you can't just come
to someone randomly and just say that
and I know people are gonna comment like
rice got why you're making a big deal
about these bullies when that's all you
do is bully people on your channel right
and wrong I'm a cyber bully these kids
are real-life bullies two separate
things look I made a PowerPoint
oh wait you can't because you won't even
expect it you'll be at lunch eating
right and someone comes up to you
randomly like hey my name is race come I
make stupid videos huh and you'll just
be like awkwardly like wait where where
did you come from and you can't even be
his ass for talking to shit cuz you know
how schools are man you fight someone
you get expelled I'm not sure I get
expelled I'll try to be a doctor I want
to show you guys something so some guy
did the Hajj houses the Jacobsen tours
and I'm pretty sure you guys don't like
him but I kind of feel bad for him my
name is Jacob Sartorius and I take
advantage of middle schoolers of
hormones so I can get famous what the
fuck is this guy talking about bruh I
make way more money than his whole
family combined the guy that was roasted
was holding the camera you can tell he
was so nervous you were like shaking the
camera so face like bullshit I gotta get
my followers up oh my god if you can't
tell by now I really hate this challenge
but hey since all the cool kids are
doing it I might as well try it out
my name is Tana and I have one fourth of
rice gum subscriber count' huh honestly
you're always being so rude but can you
just learn to be nice to people fuck my
name is Kyle but everyone calls me Cory
from Cory in the house
ah oh that's why bro what are you
talking about hey my name is mom gum and
my son isn't a doctor
Oh what you making fun of me no it's for
a video I got going on yet what my name
is
a frog um and I have a 70s haircut oh
yeah
dude that's not cool boy you got fucked
up now hey you can't do that
my name is rice gum and I have no
friends at all
hey that baby's not true you can't bro
my name is Avril gum and I still have an
iPhone 6 oh yeah fuck me
took you
my name is Weis gum and I make fun of
kids online because I have nothing else
better to do oh yeah daddy's way there
oh my name is Apple god I'm really
relevant cuz the rice grows fine no more
talk bottom line the point I'm trying to
make is this challenge is stupid the huh
thing is so annoying
and if you do this in person like out in
public to anyone with a little bit of
confidence outside of school you're
gonna get your ass beat and if you're
one of my viewers and someone comes up
to you and does that to you like there's
just disrespectful no one does that to
my viewers alright so you know where to
find me hit me up I got your back but
yeah I guess is gonna wrap it up thank
you so much if you made it to the end I
haven't posted a video in like seven
days so let's see how much support this
video keep yeah so subs are not coming
your pants and subscribe if you are new
the reason why I haven't been posting
that much is because I've been vlogging
like every other day on my second
channel so if you guys want to watch a
live long a 90 year old kid live his
life I go to parties
a bum spot I get yelled at by my mom
I won't go to the pond hammer mojo
baek-moo head over northern Alabama not
too much crazy oh no no no and I just do
some dumb shit said there's children
that are held hostage oh my god there's
so much cars holy shit this is lit boy
yo you know I'm saying we here bro that
is a banger bros no weight on it bros on
seventh right I don't know how you got
them I don't want to ask questions but
he said I meet me at this alleyway and
he said but yeah if you are interested
link in the description check it out on
top of that I'm sorry I'll be more
active on the main channel more
districts coming soon I promise
two to three videos per week on the main
channel get ready it's grunt I'm anyways
if you guys made it to the end thank you
so much for all the support and I will
see you guys next time
