hey guys it's me again so I'm not sure
if you guys are all caught up with the
drama that has been happening recently
but there has been some really juicy
stuff that has been going down like
there's this youtuber doing the leafy
right and he's really popular he makes
videos similar to mines where he like
kind of playfully makes fun of kids and
you know as his own humor to it and you
know idea today he's still you know kind
of teasing and making fun of kids and
there's other youtuber named idubbbz and
you know he really doesn't like how
leafy makes fun of kids because he
thinks he's like not that funny right so
he has a series called content cut where
he like critiques people's contests in
case he ends up like making a full video
just critique and leafy like how you
bullies people and he basically just
bullies the bully right and for some
reason this video just just takes off
like this shit goes a viral like
everyone's talking about it like it's
getting crazy views like no joke really
this is like I've never seen this happen
before like I've never seen a big
youtuber just over here you know minded
his own business and still a big
youtuber but you know smaller than this
guy so he's over here you know small
youtuber and just comes out of nowhere
and just rails just rails the crap out
of this guy like leafy made a response
video right that she got so much
dislikes and like the reason why I'm
bringing all this up but you know even
getting involved in this dramas cuz I
was watching the leafy exposed video
right I was watching the other day and I
was laughing I was a egg man this I know
this guy is pretty funny you know I'm
over your laughing I scroll down to the
comments I could not make this up scroll
down to color first come it's about me
here's a good one but it's kind of risky
content cotton rice dub and I was like
well why is this guy you know throwing
ideas that I doze for and there's like
comments replying to this saying like oh
shit that's not a bad idea or yeah you
should probably do that and so I go on
Twitter afterwards too and there's also
people oh do rice come next or you
should do rice go around like whoa whoa
why not snitching on me so a lot of
people are suggesting that I should be
the next victim on top of that I mean
similar to leaf because we both you know
make fun of kids in a way I'm an easy
target because you can be like yo right
it was a bully I'm a bully on the show
my lesson so everyone's on his side and
so I'm an easy target on top of all that
as soon as he dropped his leafy video he
started blowing up so I mean if you were
to make a rice gum content cop I mean
that would blow him up even more so
honestly I'm probably that next victim
and you would think after seeing all the
things about leafy how you know he lost
subscribers you got a ton of dislikes
you would think I'm like kind of scared
trying to lay low a little bit but no
guys like I'm not nervous I'm not scared
at all I actually kind of I don't really
care at all but I kind of really want
him to make one on me like you know I
mean like I really don't care like
honestly if you were to make one on me
what do you say he would be like all
right don't bullies people I'm gonna
show my lesson he'll roast my appearance
whatever he'll part bring up some old
pictures of me from way back then when I
looked weird
I still look weird maybe at the end he
might squeeze a dish track in there to
show people that he can you know you
know give me a taste of my own medicine
who knows bottom line what I'm trying to
say is I'm next guys I'm next on the hit
list and if I'm not next that I'm
probably next next but guess what
I'm not leafy you can't just hide hide
for months and make a 20 minute video
and randomly no one even knows and
surprise everyone and just drop it on my
head you can't just do that because
guess what I'm ready and if you do do
that bro if you do drop a video on me I
swear to god I'm dropping the best diss
track ever and that's not mom's yeah I
don't know why I said that last part in
my head it sounded cooler and when I
said it it didn't sound that cool but it
was already too late and I but once
again I dubs a funny guy right I don't
think I had told him once in this whole
video but if he makes that video on me
just know that my response to that video
will be better than his so yeah guys
it's gonna wrap it up thank you so much
if you made it to the end drop a thumbs
up if you did do not forget on top of
that guys I know this was like a random
and like shorter video so I'm gonna drop
a regular view tomorrow be on the
lookout on top of that though we just
hit 4.2 million subscribers that's
basically 420 dude yeah smoke we
every day
