hey guys it's me again so my first ever
DS kiss must be stopped
just hit ten million views I don't know
how this happened I don't know why this
happened it could have happened to
anyone but it happened to me
10 million you're part one of the 10
million so thank you for that you are
awesome the best and with that being
said I was like no it's been a while you
know I mean I think it's time to make
another one if you're new around here
and you don't know how these work
basically there's this app called
musically basically every kid under the
age of 14 has its app on their phone
it's where they just make videos it has
music it's just it's just basically very
cringy actually kind of funny to watch
bottom line I watch them I react them
whatever enough of the chitter chatter
let's just begin me and we could make it
cuz you never know really do it
what what I just want dude at first I
thought she was just like imitating
smokey like I didn't know she was
actually lighting it up and out of
nowhere I just start seeing like smoke
just fly out I'm like holy shit she's
literally smoking like printer paper not
only that so she hits the blunt that she
passed she has the balls on camera to
pass it to her little I don't know who
that was her sister maybe I don't know a
little passes it to her little homie and
she just takes a fat head out of it like
what is that really how we're gonna
start out the video man I was expecting
you know something cringy you know some
dancing maybe but no man it starts off
with this girl taking a hit out of like
fucking proof
afro what is that hey make it hey unless
you try it okay true true
yo I passed that blood did hey so I just
found out that paper has bleach innately
apparently when you get a paper cut it
stings because the bleach hits your skin
right so I basically just smoked bleach
so do not try this at home
I don't know why I did that
wait how to save a life that you didn't
save his life he's still dead look after
she grabs the toaster and shocks him she
doesn't move like he just lays there and
I'm pretty sure he's dead she didn't
save anyone's life I might keep it 100
with you but like last time I can save a
life alright so for this next segment
here I want to try something new so I
need everyone here to just close your
eyes all right so take your eyeballs and
just close them
right now go ahead close your eyes what
the heck
bro clothes bro close your eyes all
right so now that your eyes are closed
all right I want you guys to listen to
this clip it's like this musically I
won't play the video just the audio and
I want you guys that you know just let
me know what you think this is if your
answer was the push pop challenge will
you're right it's not challenge
so at first I was like these kids must
be stopped or literally putting where
stuff in their mouths you know it looks
like that's not our first push popping
stuff you know so I was like what the
what is this but that starts to realize
like maybe these girls pie don't even
know like why that's wrong right
like they part don't even know right
from wrong cuz they're so young so we
just need to blame all of this on their
parents for not monitoring them and why
they even have phones well what are you
doing it's the push pop challenge
everyone's doing here dude just get out
join actor right sit show pretty ass
from his bed make the face shape show
your leg that's it that's it I just
wanna ha what the who did this guy think
he is man he has my hairstyle my my
classes are he can't be acting like this
are he like he's making us look bad so
you guys probably don't know this but in
order to make these type of videos I
have to stay here and just watch hours
and hours of just cringy musically so I
can find the most cringes one right that
being said I've been noticing like a
trend that has been happening and a lot
of kids have been doing this basically
they have like this really annoying song
playing in the background and they show
all these baby you know all these old
pictures of themselves right and radley
this beat drops and they show themselves
now and they're basically trying to say
like oh look at me now I'm all grown up
I'm all cool and shit like watch this
'we hold up can we get a side-to-side
comparison
girl you look the same
come on man are you serious right now
you got that same shirt on same ass
haircut you didn't grow up boy you guys
still both haven't hit puberty so this
girl thinks that by putting on glasses
she can fool us and make herself look
older like you're not slick all right
you can't fool me don't even get me
started with this one man oh no man I
just think it's funny cuz like in these
videos like they make it seem like they
gone through a lot and they're like yeah
man look at me now man I'm all big I'm
all grown up now but like boy you still
have a bedtime fuckin run and feel the
heat between us to know
Hey
I'm sorry you guys had faith in me but I
let all you guys down
and brings me deep sorrow saying this
but this is probably my last effort
these kids must be stopped people think
these videos are for fun people think
it's all fun and games but it's not the
main objective in the main goal of these
videos is to make these kids actually
stop is to actually put an end to this
and I've been trying I've been trying
man I've been literally trying for the
past year and these kids aren't stopping
if anything it's getting worse every
week I just checked to see if there's
any progress but it just keeps just too
many of them there's too many of them
and I know I know everyone believed in
me and I know I was part of the last
hope
and I was considered the hero and
everyone's no cheering me on and I was
the last just everyone just believed in
me but I can't it's not possible I've
tried man and they just keep multiplying
and there's more and more of them I lose
so much sleep every night just thinking
about them that I'm just gonna stop but
this is PI my last ever these kids must
be stopped I really wish things would
have turned out differently but I'm a
failure and I'm so sorry but if you guys
did enjoy the last ever these kids must
be stopped
drop a thumbs up subscribe if you are
mute and I'll be back tomorrow for a
regular upload
