hey guys it's me again at your part here
because you want to see me make fun of
more kids right well today I think I'm
going to try something new I told myself
a long time ago that one day I'll be
able to Google myself right because
let's be honest man last year if I were
to type my name into Google
nothing would pop up but it's not last
year it's dis year baby so today I'll be
googling myself all right so let's begin
I'm already on Google and I also did
clear out all my history I cleared the
cookies and the cache so there's no
related searches here's proof I type in
P piece aha
PayPal and pokemons go pops up if I did
clear my history then part pornhub would
pop up alright so let's just start
simple and just type in rice gum and the
first three things is rice gum Twitter
rice cup address wait why are people
trying to find my address that's kind of
weird that is just a little bit weird
but whatever scroll down just my regular
social media is it oh my god wow we meet
again let's actually look at his famous
birthdays oh it didn't it didn't come up
so I guess we had to like search him
because apparently was relevant
seven six thousand two hundred seventy
second most popular person Wow
that's sad alright so I click on this
website like five months ago and I was
like ranked 3000 most famous and that's
like really bad so uh let's see where I
am now what I'll write 17 the tables
have turned eyes oh my god mama I made
it hold on oh my look at me look I'm
more famous than fucking Zayn and Barack
Obama and I'm hella famous dog oh shit I
don't know how accurate this website is
but I'm pretty famous guys I'm honestly
joking this website I don't even know
who I made this website is not accurate
anyway there's no way I'm more popular
than any of these guys but over here it
has a section that says before the fame
and it talks about like my first video
on YouTube and I still remember that day
and it's actually really embarrassing
alright so if you go on my channel this
is the first video I've ever made I
don't know why I made it this was like
five years ago
it was me playing a game I was just
telling a story um just this is so
cringy yeah what up its your boy rice
ladies flavored gum you call me Brian
that's my real name you know cuz all you
guys are you know my subscribers um I'm
15 I live in Vegas I like to play Cod
I've been playing for two years if
you're here for tip holy shit why is my
microphone so shitty I actually I
actually still have that microphone this
is the microphone I used way back then
i'ma see if it still works yeah what is
up its yah boy rice gum you guys can
call me Brian cuz that's my real name
I'm 19 and I'd like to play games rice
Cup net worth in 2016 let's see if this
website knows what they're talking about
right here we go rice Cubs net worth is
about 1.3 million dollars what I make
way more than that now I'm just kidding
guys I don't even make nearly that much
I'm actually kind of annoyed cuz this
website's like putting out false
information like where is this
information coming from because this is
not true but look there's also this
thing under that says check out other
people's networks so let's see how much
money Jacobs a tourist is making alright
let's click on this as of 2016 a total
net worth is estimate of three hundred
thousand wow that's a lot of money but I
think it makes slightly more but just
think about a man this kid is 13 how
does it feel that at 13 year old is
making more money than you man comment
below comment below so the landing that
pops up when you type in rice gum is
like my social media and like these
weird articles so I my typing is rice
what the first thing that pops that we
type it is rice gum is is race cup gay
wait wait what why is that the first
thing people search up that makes no
sense like is it cuz I act gay is it my
hair is the hair throwing guys off like
why are people wondering that just to
point out there I am not gay there's
nothing wrong with being gay I just I
don't think I'm gay I like girls so I'm
not yeah I'm not I'm not gay that was
one time and I was curious and it was in
middle school is rice companies I'm
actually half Chinese is rice come
Korean I'm not Korean is rest up and
Africa I'm the same person way people
actually
this type of stuff wait what me and
Africa are not the same people he's a
different like it is late right now I'm
awake recording this video have a tripod
Africa MS taking a nap right now alright
so I don't know what else to type in
some I just type in my name and just a
random letter I so let's just do G bear
right stuff girlfriend I have a
girlfriend
I'm singles if you tryna you know mingle
hit me up alright what else race Cup
alright stir well people don't know my
real name are you serious guys you guys
don't know my real name come come on man
uh next one rice cup rice comes hi wait
what Brian Lee alias race tub height is
five nine Wayne wait what I am NOT five
nine I just a heads up right now I have
a six to five not arm now I'm actually
getting kind of mad man first off they
were making up false numbers about how
much money I'm making and now they're
making fun of my height I am NOT five
not if you're five nine that you were
just unlucky right you know like you
can't control it but I'm not fighting
I'm I'm six-two I'm not sure I wrote
short people I'm just saying man I'm not
five nine but yeah guys it's gonna wrap
it up I should had a lot of fun doing
this so if you guys want me to do more
stuff besides roasting I'm down to do it
one more thing I see a lot of youtubers
the guys for two million subscribers or
thank you guys for you know a hundred
thousand likes on my last video you know
I've seen a ton of youtubers just
thanked their viewers in certain ways I
have never seen a youtuber think their
viewer in the way about to do right now
but I just want to thank you guys cuz
I'm not sure if you guys know this but
if you go on YouTube right now you just
type in one letter just typing are right
now onto YouTube look BAM what wait what
a damn rice Cup is the first thing to
pop up man I don't know how this
happened and I asked all my friends and
they said it is it's not just me in it
like over Rehana bro I'm above
Rehana are you kidding me this is crazy
but I just want to say thank you for
that that's I'm truly honored man but
yeah guys I'll be keeping an eye on the
comments so comment below if you guys
don't mind just random uploads out on
top of dish tracks and stuff in a roast
just you know sometimes something random
says no spice it up
but once again thank you for watching
and I will see you guys next time
