hey guys it's me again and I just got
home from playlist man if you don't know
what that is it's basically a vent where
a ton of kids go to me their favorite
youtubers and loads and loads of like
youtubers go to just hang out right long
story short I was in my hotel room I
just woke up and afro gum sent me the
PewDiePie dish trash so basically how it
works is I go to the studio and record
my dish track then I give that recording
to a program he's my producer and he
produces the trek he spends like a week
on it he makes it sound good here you
know adds auto-tune here and there you
know whatever he has to do
he's the producer and the pewdiepie
district is finally ready I was in my
hotel room I just woke up a program
sends me the track right so like you
know what let me hear it and make sure
it sounds good and I was like oh shit
this is some fire shit like PewDiePie is
gonna take it out this is some fire fire
shit out of nowhere someone slides a
note underneath my door I could not make
this up man literally I was blasting
their music I thought it was good
someone slides a note underneath the
door and says the music you're blasting
fucking sucks he wrote down a note or he
or she I didn't know at the time
literally bro
it could have been your music sucks it
was fucking sucks like he was really not
having it dude like I didn't know who it
was it could have been a fan that walked
by I could have been another youtuber in
the building I had no idea who it was I
was confused all day I was like
second-guessing myself too I was like is
the Peapod district sox10 like should I
not upload it and so I just ruined my
day cuz so like it was my own musically
so later that night I finished dinner
I'm driving back to the hotel I get to
the elevator and I'm still pissed I'm
like who's responsible for slam that
know under cuz like literally you could
easily just knocked on the door hey can
you lower that in the music a little bit
no he slides a note he runs away like a
pussy he or she I didn't even know at
the time I'm in the elevator man I
cannot make this up in the elevator
mad as hell but there's this little girl
right next to me on snapchat no bullshit
watching snapchat stories and there's
the snapchat story she was watching some
guys lit at know underneath the door and
I'm like
that's my door so I asked her who is
that guy she told me who it was and I
caught him red-handed seriously fuck you
for blasting trap music when my mom is
trying to take a nap
what the heck man people are always
finding ways to roast me like I can't
get away from it man but literally you
could easily knocked on my door hey
could you turn it down a little bit you
know my mom's taking a nap I would have
turned it off I wouldn't even have
lowered AI would have turn off
completely got all of my day but no you
must be all mysterious
slide the no underneath my door I read
it you know and now I'm like sad the
whole daylight way so does my song suck
you know cuz Africa was on production I
was here rapping there's a lot of hours
into these songs as like does it really
suck like you know she's already
roasting me man and he doesn't even know
it that's the funny thing right and and
I didn't know either the whole day I'm
like who is doing this I was trying to
find fingerprints you know trying to
match handwriting's I was confused and
wait there's even more snapchats
he's over here suggesting me all their
songs that play like who the hell is
carly Rae Jepson oh god is that one girl
I love her I love her oh yeah hey I just
met you and this is crazy but here's my
number so call me maybe
oh shit I love that song but still still
there's a time and a place for that song
and at the time I just woke up I want to
get hype start my day off right oh yeah
if you don't know who this guy is he
used to be like really big on vine by
the vine kind of died but ya know he
does Instagram YouTube Twitter he's
friends with a lot of celebrities here
are some of his old content when your
jams come on shut up my gem is on so
shut the heck up stretched pressed but
well dressed but yeah guys more of the
story is don't slide notes under
people's door cause you don't know who's
behind it that could be your worst
nightmare right and the funniest thing
is he's like I'm gonna drop this video
and he has no idea that way I was behind
that door right like he had no idea that
sliding that note ruined my whole day I
was like think he's like who did this
and does my PewDiePie trick actually
sucked like I was confused the whole
entire day so like she has to pay but at
the end of the day like you know she
just wanted his mom to take a nap right
and I was being kind of loud so like I
was gonna drop a diss track but I mean
he doesn't really deserve it but he has
to pay like he did roast me right so I
have to punish him somehow no no no no
look at the top of his head
but yeah guys are gonna wrap it out
thank you guys all so much for the
support if you guys did enjoy this video
up a thumbs I'm just a little story rose
I want to make a dish track but I didn't
want any down just to roast it for just
that anyway if you guys did enjoy it do
not for the thumbs up come your pins
subscribe your new okay check out my
second channel if you have it already
but yeah thank you guys all so much for
the support and I will see you guys
tomorrow
