so originally I wasn't even going to
make this video but I got so many people
saying like rice gum can't wait for the
Tanner Fox dish track and I was like I
was even gonna make one but now since
everyone thinks I'm gonna make one I
can't let them down so here I am
hey guys it's me again and I don't know
why this keeps happening to me but I got
roasted again like literally man there's
this kid named Tanner Fox you probably
don't know who he is because this kid is
irrelevant but you basically twit out
saying when dish tracks get old so you
make scripted Q&A is what famous girls
and this pisses me off a lot cuz this
has to be about me who else makes diss
track and who else made a Q&A with the
famous chick you know I did that
recently this has to be about me and
there's a laughing emoji at the end he's
like pointing at my face just laughing
like ah this tracks are old down you're
gonna do Q&A now you have no other no
other content haha just laughing on my
face making fun of me and my content and
that's not OK but the funny thing is I
actually remember this kid from like 5
months ago I have talked to him
literally I follow them on Twitter I was
like not you see like an in this day you
know and it's a nice kid so I followed
them on Twitter and that was the worst
decision of my life man this kid
non-stop just constantly hitting me up
me and Africa would be hanging out just
chilling playing some checkers and all
you hear is just ding ding ding ding
ding just him hitting me up look at
these messages man these are dm's
private messages from 5 months ago not
photoshopped but he was like next time
I'm in Vegas we should grab lunch it's
nice talking with some other youtubers
right now no no no big deal asking me
for a date you know whatever a couple
months later yo bro I might come to
Vegas tomorrow are you free for lunch
again what's your number you know really
trying to be my friend bro we're in Cali
are you because I think I tweeted like
I'm in Cali or Sunday's are usually
trying to figure it out yo bro you
partner night question Ryan are trying
to meet me at parties yo bro I'm in
Vegas
you home let's meet up ramit come on man
let's get much lunch he really wants to
get lunch calif are you from the strip
I could over something so he's over here
really really you know try me my friend
very interested if you like a really big
fan of me and two months later he's over
here talking on Twitter it doesn't
make sense but after countless hours of
research I came to a conclusion take a
look at his YouTube stats man like July
late July he was getting like 6,000
subscribers a day right like late July
July 29th ish you know you have six
thousand subscribers every day that's
pretty good not as good as me but that's
still a good rate to grow at out of
nowhere a week later on August 8th I'm
sorry August 6th he gained 72 thousand
subscribers in one day what the heck how
they even possible you may ask BAM
Roman Atwood vlog he was featured in a
Roman vlog Roman gave him a shout-out
Rome has like nine million subscribers
he's freaking destroying the YouTube
game right now but he gave Tanner a
shout-out linked him in the description
and the day after August 6th he gained
72 thousand subscribers and after he was
getting 40,000 20,000 20,000 and so on
and so forth so basically Tara Fox was
struggling on YouTube DMing me asking to
go on a date
I kept curving up a couple months later
he got a shout-out from Roman Atwood now
he thinks he's hot he's gaining
subscribers fast
he thinks he's muster tough guy and he's
taking shots at me on Twitter it doesn't
work like that you can't just come at me
like that
so before I drop the diss track cuz I
know everyone here is waiting for it his
tweet kind of like criticized my content
a little bit right like he was you know
critiquing my content so maybe we should
critique his content a hundred layers of
starburst Wow
haven't seen that before crazy
trampoline flips into pool whoa this
guy's so creative the toilet paper for
well I've never seen that before
skydiving for 1 million subscribers this
guy's a genius he actually has one
creative video he goes around and does
backflips and he's like you know if I do
a backflip can you kiss me and I mean I
guess it's okay but I mean he does get
rejected a lot we're doing flips for a
kid
both impressing with doing a flip you
have to give us kiss on cheek no it's
easy so basically I'm gonna do a flip
and if it depresses you you give me kiss
on cheek it's not iki come on we are
you're struggling out here we're talking
crazy flipping stuffing it will impress
you
oh well and then one of the fine ladies
over here I have to give em a kiss on
the cheek I'll give you a kiss on the
cheek no I'm not either
I just saying if you can just kiss on
the cheek man come on I feel ready
did I win ding ding ding
Thank You Megan Ashley's a party killer
wow really party killer really did she
really deserve that is it really that
serious you're really calling her me
names like party killer but if you think
about it these two girls got Elle and
the party killer she low-key dodged the
bullet cuz life-death Tanner's cheek
right there and you can pay me a million
dollars and I still won't kiss him the
point I'm trying to make is I just don't
understand why he's calling me out on my
videos and my content when you should be
worrying about his content because his
content isn't anything too great I mean
all he does is just replicate people's
ideas I mean is really nothing too hard
that he's doing anyways bottom line is
Tara Fox if you're watching this our
dish tracks really getting hold though
oh and for the people wondering why I'm
at some random skate park jizz on a
scooter
well this tanner kid like he does a lot
of scooter stuff in his vlogs uh I
didn't know scootering is still a thing
but yeah anyways enjoy
you a salty fanboy and I know that is it
Tanner or Rufus the mo rad bro can you
stop the M in me no you cannot be
friends with me
all those pimples on your face may you
know that's an issue you went to the BJ
you make girls to kiss you the girls you
beg for kisses from to me not a
challenge you buy a GTR you should've
bought some proactive your brother is
the reason why your vid went viral
boring-ass blog and some clickbait
titles how you talk about my vids with
all your content his vlogs i thought
your face was a game of connecting the
sod yeah Matt for mail and you still
have one can you please talk as to we
ain't going to London ever all your
videos are ass and your ideas are stolen
the only reason you guys loves is that
shoutout from Roman got myself is by
myself with nobody to help me take a
look at my skin that's what it's like to
be healthy don't tweet at me again you
little ass loser if you do that
 again
i'ma kidnap your scooter dude you said a
bad word and like you said you're gonna
take a scooter like that's like his
prized possession and like you can't
just be taking people like that oh
 yes should we just take that part
out or something nah man you can't take
it back now man you already said it you
know the damage has been done it's too
late now
but yeah you guys did enjoy there is
more where that came from so do not
forget to subscribe and be back for some
more calming her opinions and drop a
thumbs up do not forget but thank you so
much and you made it to the end this was
a pretty long video and you made it
through I appreciate all the support
thank you so much for 4 million
subscribers I'm gonna do something crazy
soon just I'm gonna drop a cup of diss
tracks and then and then we might do
some celebrations you feel me anyways
thank you guys so much and I'll see you
guys next time
oh all the fake people left only
the real viewers stay to the end but a
remember when afro Graham said if you
love your fans that you wouldn't hit it
with well just like last video I'm going
to follow everyone that likes my tweets
so see what I'm doing right now holy
crap
yeah dude like I'm getting my ratio up
right now but eh I'm following all the
real supporters right now right now you
feel me I'm just going to follow
everyone that liked my tall DZ has are
you like my stuff but yeah I'm gonna
follow all these people but yeah if you
guys want to follow
make sure like my recent tweets and I I
mean you might get a follow you might
not I mean it's all luck but I do follow
a ton of people I thank you for all the
support recently man Twitter has been
going crazy if you do follow me and like
my tweets you'll eventually get get a
follow so thank you for the support and
I hope you guys enjoyed this video but I
will keep following people hope you guys
have a great day
