where is this guy he's like yeah that
party was lit dude where have you been
you're like three hours late yo yo I'm
here now right so it's not wasting time
just hand me the script
oh is it the new video exposing a
youtuber that changed because of Fame I
can work with this I can is it on hey
guys it's me again and I actually just
came home from a party yeah it was
really fun I wish you could have been
there but you weren't so you missed out
a time anyways today we'll be talking
about this YouTube right he recently
blew up on YouTube he used to be had
nobody random ask guy nobody at all made
some entertaining content gained a lot
of subscribers and now he just switched
up completely he basically went
Hollywood like he thinks he's cool I
don't know man he literally switched up
on his fan forgot where he came from
Lilly all he does now is just up all you
guys I just collaborate with like these
hot girls and he just clickbait wait
wait is this about me oh oh nah why
would I do that dude and just keep going
come on all right
he also is a liar he told his viewers
he's gonna post seven videos in seven
days and he never does it he also
promised a diss track on PewDiePie what
the fuck dude is about me
alright fine dude you caught me I guess
it's about you alright dude why would
you do that I thought we were cool I
don't know man you're just not the old
you anymore and you like never bring me
to those parties dude you know how it is
man you need a certain amount of
followers to get into these parties but
like I don't know man you're like always
talking and you kind of embarrassed me
kind of and you're annoying sometimes
and you always wear that same shirt
that's it man
I'm sick of it dude you changed you
literally changed
hey are we still gonna finish our fun
and open need you is it on yeah Maggie
drew all by myself
Oh need this guy alright so where was I
well yeah man I guess I guess you did
change a little bit on me and and I
guess he does party a lot but I mean he
still loves his fans he's like no I mean
it I missed the old race stuff set on
his goals raced up and now is sad to
think that I don't really know race dub
is a new raced up the opticool race Cup
I like them better back when they were
asking for a stuff you using this upon
these people now you let them get away
with it going all the parties in LA you
never take me win say ones that you did
the same ones that you're hanging with
you don't know what to do so you do Q&A
28 now you think you cool because you're
hanging out with models if you love your
friends that you would head up with a
follow
I don't know what happened man I thought
that we was on excellence now you're
wearing girls clothes got you're looking
suspect instead you wouldn't change not
even for the fame but now you're not the
same you turn into a land
it 400 for a dumbass flannel pick it up
a for a hakdo dumbass Channel
but yeah guys it's going to wrap it up
and the reason why I made this video is
because I want to let you guys know that
it doesn't matter how they gotta get it
doesn't matter but I will still read
every comment I will take your criticism
and I will use it to my advantage and a
lot of the comments I've been getting is
rice cup you change you're not the same
old you anymore fame change you like a
lot of those it doesn't make any sense
at all because I really just dropped a
couple rows of it that was like kind of
like my Bowl stuff like you know it's
the same mean and so and like two weeks
ago I was getting comments like race
don't try some new stuff this is getting
old so it's kind of what I did you know
my past two Q & A viz I was trying to be
creative try to do some more stuff
because in my mind I'm like I want to do
YouTube as long as possible and ten
years from now if I drop a roast video
every single you know day it's going to
get boring after ten years right if i
space it out it's going to keep stuff
very fresh you shut the fuck up
listen if this video gets 500 thousand
likes all right I'm taking over it's my
channel now imagine me just here every
day hey you guys being it and rice Cup
is behind the camera it's my time to
shine 500,000 likes let's do it
okay perfect man since all the fake
people left because only the real
viewers stayed till the end I want to
let you guys know something man
you know how afro gum said if you love
your fans that you went ahead I will
hello well starting now I will be
following back people on my Twitter so
here's what I'm gonna do man I'm gonna
tweet something right now I'm gonna say
new video because I haven't dropped it
yet and if you ever retweet my stuff
right if you if you always retweet my
stuff I'm gonna end up following you
guys alright okay here we go I'm not
just follow people that retweet my stuff
man like I really appreciate all the
support okay here we go yeah so I'm
gonna be following people that just
retweet my stuff you know I mean because
they're just doing it for fun like they
really support me I didn't tell anyone
that I'm gonna follow them and but
they're just doing it so I really
appreciate the support people are the
best
but yeah so starting now if you retweet
my stuff I will follow you back oh yeah
and if you use Twitter you don't know
how it works if you go over here and
click on the scroller thing and I click
on turn on notifications you will
literally get every notification every
time I tweet something so you can be the
first one to retweet and get a follow
but yeah guys sorry if I haven't
followed you already I will eventually I
promise but yeah thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time
