right gum you still sound like a dusty
ass cockroach what did you know what is
up guys how are you guys doing I know
man I did not post the video yesterday
don't be mad at but right now I am
currently at Las Vegas Airport you guys
are part wondering why I basically had
to take care of a few meetings but right
now we are currently going to New York
check this out yo these fool is really
pulled up to my room with the chicken
and the mash your boys eating good
tonight no I'm in my hotel bathroom
right now I really thought today I could
go out and you Georgian experience it
and vlog but I was so busy all day I had
meetings and stuff and now it's late and
I'm in my room guess what man tomorrow I
have to be up early at like 3 a.m. I'm
not even joking as a youtuber rub on my
own schedule I can film whenever I can
edit whenever and I don't want to tell
you guys why I'm in you your visas kind
of top-secret but I need to be somewhere
to film and they literally said three be
there at 3:00 and right now it's 12 I
literally love sleep so much there's no
way it possibly be awake in four hours
but that's why there's this invention
called an alarm I guess I'm just gonna
set one so I'll see you guys in the
morning
you know it's early what it's still dark
outside yo guys I'm so tired guys are ya
when this message is so cold breakfast
is the most important meal the
dancefloor
what is that maybe or you don't get less
ugly right now guys this is the help
know where I am when I can't tell you
guys but it's so cold and I'm kind of
tripping out right now because I'm here
all day
alright guys apparently this is square
time and this is very popular in New
York right
practice it you know why I can nail it
how Cory let's ain't no kindergarten so
we really have the cob shut down the
streets so we can get this work to the
second location they told me I had to do
today do you know why we got the green
cuz that's all I'm making is green and
lettuce you know I'm staying green and
lettuce I don't even like vegetables but
just cuz I'm making green I'm I get it
man you see this broccoli man I don't be
smoking broccoli but I get the great is
2018 time to respect women to stay
healthy and I'm telling you guys man big
things are happening when I can't talk
about a top secret novel like what is
this you know I've never seen anything
in my life
this looks like some next-level man look
man at home I set the cameras on over
here we need like some white stuff crazy
tripod big cameras big big things big
tanks there you have it guys that's what
it looks like from the outside looks
like a saw good so there's like
technology now where like the bus we
just pop it out hold up look look if
creating more space you know I'm saying
this is 2020 down Braille Rob said the
bigger better things I mean you saw me
record another when it was like still
kind of dark out it was cold it was like
15 degrees outside
I don't know but look I mean you know
things like that happen is all about a
state of mistakes and proven you know so
basically there's this invention I don't
know what it does it looks like a diaper
to me but you open it up and apparently
what this does is it heats up so your
boys never get cold again so I'm not
trying to say it's like a bulletproof
vest
well I feel is supposed to start heating
up set it might work here but
to work outside find out in episode of
Dragon Ball Z guys I went out there I
told you about the new you know
adventure whatever I mean it worked but
my legs be cold by Horner's good Cole I
just gonna put up everywhere you upset I
put one here I do gotta put one
everywhere I'm not trying to sit it's
too cold out here man man it's closed
can see my breath that's my boy rice
though he's doing something really big
right now I can't tell you I killed man
when I'm not around man they really have
another guy to stand in place to like
act as me so they get the camera
focusing and all that like that's pretty
Escarra man been here all day this is
the last shot the last team
but yeah maybe you made it to this forum
that beta make sure you drop the line
just a normal blog today alright we've
just got done filming it as much as I
want to put my head on it because I'm
your parent I just got roasted we're on
a program to send me the link this can't
be happening I mean I'm in New York I'm
not even back up my step I just want to
stay on a piece
oh no why this keeps happening my skin's
a dumbass huh I'm a dumbass ho if you
push stars in your ears it makes
everything sound better is somehow
rights gum you still sound like a dusty
ass cockroach species just take anything
that comes to her brain doesn't even
make sense what does that even mean she
just said still stop a bitch out in my
JS as it likes you I don't know I feel
like this cash me out off care brush
just punches like a regular girl wow she
should not be getting into any fights or
stomping on anyone ship bitch off camera
fuck I'm off a voice which a big-ass
head yo big-ass fucking cheekbones may
be as cheap will be as she just say
anything that comes to her mind all that
time to be making fun of kids you know
that was so last year it really was if
there was a really good day it was
really productive if I could just don't
home asleep and just cut kid dude
roasting like I Loki gave her a
compliment last middle I never do
right some already went in don't have to
bro are you hearing this she's kind of
spinning bars I mean I was expecting the
worst like I was kind of doubting her
and this is a lot better than your last
song and Wow see it was me being nice
for once but this girl just constantly
whatever I'm just gonna let this slide
because I'm just trying to be positive
today was a good day tomorrow I had a
pink right back up to where I left
thought I'm actually new york till
Friday I know that's a long time but I'm
still gonna make a deal every day if you
don't believe me just watch anyway the
guys been to the FBI so much for all the
support you guys are the best best best
best fans in the world and I will see
you guys tomorrow my pockets full of
money bill I'm in the hell's bitch my
soul just did a hunter male
