hey guys it's me again and lately I've
just been roasting people a little bit
too much right so I wanted to try
something new and do a question answer
what the one is only Amanda same dude I
mean is it like gonna be amazing and you
know enough of the chit chatting let's
just begin um Amanda can you like tell
your bodyguards to just back off a
little bit it's just a video you know I
don't know why they're even here to be
honest um okay yeah that's my guys cuz
like yeah cuz really killing my vibe
right now just are killing mobile yeah
it's fine it's fine guys he's like a
hundred pounds it's okay keep it up I'll
call you if I need you
thank you good we good
would you rather get gangbanged or watch
your mom get gangbanged awesome I'm a
hard one yeah like I would love to get
gangbanged who's stronger in an
arm-wrestle we should arm wrestle yeah
let's get the table oh wait no no it's
like boys what's it alright ready okay
yeah yes Hey alright we do a countdown
or how does this come yeah just just
count down there ready 3 2 1
let's go guys I'm gonna need you to
stick around a little longer he's
stronger than he looks
alright you're going to piss on how did
you start vine or YouTube okay well one
of my friends actually is a really big
youtuber oh fuck fuck do not look down I
repeat do not move your eyes to her
chest the camera will pick it up you
will get exposed just keep eye contact
oh my god this is so hard right now
oh shit wait what what the fuck is she
even talking about what the fuck how I
do YouTube so scary do you have a
celebrity crush
if so who is it by the way I love you
celebrity crush you go first I do have a
celebrity crush I'll give you hints of
who does see if you can guess okay okay
all right so sorry tan skin nice and
creamy tan
um Asian really um he enjoys like a rush
I don't know he's not afraid of anybody
very confident um yeah I don't cover you
too I was talking about Jackie Chan
wanna get away
no you can would y'all swap clothes for
the remainder of the video yes this is
comfy now I know why guys wear this
stuff
yep Nana in one bites so we're only
doing this just because it was a
question right please do not screenshot
this and don't think it's a sexual
cousin to me it's not say it's just a
banana banana
so I please also a beautiful man so we
have to eat this in one bite
this is actually pretty easy essays like
well like six inches that you think
seven maybe are one body here we go
thanks seven and a half seven half
minutes curved Oh God
ah yeah I did it all right are you ready
Oh ready in one bite can you do it
yeah ready all right and go
did you good have you ever done
something illegal um you go first yeah
um I was at a party and the cops came so
I ran a lady cop started chasing me and
she broke her ankle while chasing me she
tripped
meanwhile I'm running midnight yells I
should have been doing the birth my
ankle but um since she got injured they
radioed to the police that a cop was
down and they sent in an helicopter and
it had heat detectors so they detected
my heat where I was hiding in the bush
which I should have kept running but I
dropped my phone so and she was injured
so I was all concerned but um then they
sent a k-9 unit to go and get me out of
the bush and I jumped out of the bush
and I was like I'm so sorry really yeah
like no bullshit
no bullshit call my parents they're such
a bad girl
yeah but no no yeah I've never done
anything illegal I would never even
think about doing that yes like I'm a
good kid hmm you a yoga challenge fun
all right so the yoga challenge is where
we have to recreate this yoga pose seems
pretty easy right yeah that's you are so
I'll be the guy in the t-shirt and then
sort of your home front Hey oh yeah
pretty easy sorry
one and done okay coming up
I think so that's good I did go with
like a right angle kinda hate that
nothing so is this good I think I think
we did it
fine oh we get a high-five but yeah guys
get a wrap it up thank you so much of
you made to the end why one of the
weirdest few days I've ever done but I
had fun did you have fun so much you
know we would like like we're just
chillin man if you guys did enjoy it
make sure to drop a thumbs up cover your
opinions and subscribe here and you
can't wait to see you here back next
week and I'll see you guys next time
Boosh aren't you forgetting something
right yeah whoa shit shit oh yeah
Amanda does YouTube Instagram all that
manages to go check her stuff out like
go check her stuff up yeah I'm good
we're good no are you going to put that
little link box that they can click on
and subscribe to my channel
oh the box the box boxes yeah yeah babe
go subscribe man come on what do you
guys do it go alright so we're good
we're good
yeah how much my page was what paid
money mm-hmm Oh money money money yeah
oh shit uh-oh
so we haven't talked about prices so how
much did you want like a few is it yeah
that's good you should yeah subscribe
