guys I am aware that my hair looks
stupid or I know at the time when I dyed
it I didn't know that when the black
comes out it's gonna look weird I didn't
know that but now I know you don't have
to tell me every video that I look like
a penguin alright I already know here I
guess I'll just wear a hat so I guess
and stop roasting me hey guys it's me
again and uh you guys know me man you
know I don't try to hide stuff from you
guys I'm always straight up with you
guys you know just always being honest
you know I mean and with that being said
lately I've been getting roasted like
straight up man these little kids I've
been taking it way too far they're
shitting on my career like literally
just watch this he's an asshole rectum
is sarita cinemas oh okay oh shit I
thought it was one of those arcade
things when you put tokens in but it was
just his teeth but yeah man that kid was
being really mean but the thing is he's
not the only one there's hundreds of
other kids doing the same exact thing
making songs trying to make me look bad
it I'm not gonna let that slide so today
we'll be taking a look at some of them
alright so first this track of the day
prepare your ear lobes and let's just
let's just begin yeah dee dee dee dee DJ
Cooper oh look look what was that hey my
rhymes are so flower which is fucking
rice come with just died you think
you're so cool in your FICO
Easy's really rice so fucking cheesy man
alright man this guy is over here making
some gangster dis track music but he has
a can poster behind him like how can I
take this guy seriously you just go and
eat some fucking rice cuz everyone knows
you ain't fucking nice I am NOT I am
nice
she was so fake just quit you to fuck
statement oh you like his popcorn why
not start fucking porn but wait your
cock is too small they even make them
bigger on a fucking Kindle
what the heck is this kids problem man
he's like no arrest cup quit YouTube so
he's like suggesting other jobs that I
can do so he's like you know at risk of
try porn I'm like I guess I'll try porn
out of nowhere he's like your cock is
too small and I'm just like so confused
like what does he want me to do why you
drop out of all your classes so you can
sit most people in your gay ass glasses
Oh ain't you from Nevada oh yeah I'm
sure you love your daddy
what is your are you from wait can you
take your mom to the prom what way what
he was rapping normally the whole entire
video and towards the end he like just
inherited a Chinese accent or something
ain't you from Nevada oh yeah I'm sure
you love your dad
what Asia are you from oh wait you take
your mom to the prom I told you guys man
I wasn't lying man these kids are just
on another level of savageness like
they're just roasting the crap out of me
anyways let's just listen to the next
one it's gotta do
you say your name is let somebody swear
by me
you're only chambers for the people upon
musically I've only six years old I
don't get more to extend you take your
own school but it sounds like you had
the flu look at this dude said he's only
six years old he gets more chicks than
me and I mean I would fire back and
roast them but I think he's right I mean
he had three girls pushing him I mean he
could easily push himself one girls not
enough he needs three of them and I'm
single as fuck this goes out to that
bitch-ass rosca dude with swag sleeping
boys gang currently what is that look
all you do is dis little kids you think
you a big man but you're just a little
bitch you always been a weirdo your
videos are crap you still live at home
with your mom and you you probably fuck
your dad who the shit is ass youtuber
I've seen in my life I can't wait till
the day that you die
you fuck with me I'll spray you with
this mister Mawson you I swear I thought
he was grabbing for a gun I had a dip
out there but this dude grouse for a
freaking spray kid like what is that
gonna do to me but like I mean she's a
sketchy guy made a long hair lab coat
you know I didn't wanna take any risk
but just off the bad man what is it what
is it who whose man's is this I never
faulted you and not you you know I can
kill you without a knife so stay out of
my way before I take a flight to
wherever you live and you're gonna die
like a bitch
dude fuck you dude relax sleep it was
done all I know what is looks what the
fuck
I what's up with these rapper names this
guy's name is manila gorilla first guy
name was Shay Cooper second guy was it's
Jagger dude school shooter was dude it's
like and now manila gorillas are you
kidding me like what the fuck rice
commute that you were saying that no one
was break go back to your home living in
that dark cave your career cannot be
safe I'm here to step up to the plate we
all knew that this was a fake your hair
is like Donald Trump's toupee on a good
day I got you lost for words
what can I say this district game is not
something that you should want oh my god
the VIP man first it was the glasses the
snapback and now he's pulling out the
vape save some pussy for us Mary you
down not giving me that crown Shh
don't make it sound just hold this el
that king has finally fell and a new one
has risen from the ashes my ring bro bro
Andy Andy you already roasted me once
why are you roasting me again we get it
you don't like me to eat this at rice
come see if they watch it see if they
decide to diss me back see if they're
gonna come and get their crown back
because I have to step up to the plate
they have to come at me to come and get
it you know I'm saying they gotta come
at me come and get it so please tweet it
please share it please subscribe it
nobody wants to subscribe to you because
you always use everybody famous names so
you can get famous yes you're not even
on the top row row what does this guy
even say he's not making any sense right
you know DJ Cooper he was low-key going
in a manila gorilla he was getting some
fire in there this kid I don't know what
to do is talking about but I need you
guys to do some s sit back relax grab a
snack man I got a snack right here grab
a snack and I want you to count every
time he touches his hair yes when I see
you I'm probably going to that you out
yeah you don't even want to know what I
would do to you see might as well just
cheat this L run gum if you look
watching this you're really gonna need
this L L hold it L yes you're so ugly
that your hair looks like trash I
wouldn't even believe it if you want one
why because your eyebrows look so ugly
you don't even know what to say yeah you
need glasses because you are so ugly
your eyes will be like E yeah all right
so according my clock we are running out
of time but literally man the past
couple songs have been just literally
just musical greatness this is part of
the icing on the cake
let's just jump right into it man yeah
yeah yeah Vice slice you eat my slice
that's not even nice so even imitate why
speaker but the kids even listen look at
what you posted what's up with the kids
when are you a kid minister all right
man this guy has no room to talk shit
man where is he at right now is this his
house why does he look like that one
modern warfare 2 man
nah but seriously though he needs to
trim the bushes at least come on are you
a potato you look at thick though but if
a donkey ate them more tellingly our way
what we hold on to rewind that but if is
donkey ate them long all my pets are
gone cuz I ate them all are you kidding
that's racist dude who is this guy what
the fuck
but yeah guys it's gonna rap it out all
those kids have such Bright Futures but
if you made it to the end thank you so
much if you guys can't do not for the
drop a thumbs up subscribe if you are
new and comment your opinions on the
whole kids making fun of me I don't know
man I think I thought it was pretty
funny a lot of the things they said was
really mean but life goes on I'm also
dropping a new video tomorrow so be on
the lookout and I'm almost at 4 million
subscribers and I do not know how so
thank you guys all so much it is so
insane you guys just you guys are so
crazy but yeah man if you made it to the
ad I hope you guys enjoy sorry if your
ears are bleeding but I will see you
guys next time you're not for the thumbs
of the video and I will see you guys
tomorrow
