hey guys it's me again I began a ton of
copies like raised up all you do is
roast nowadays you know you should try
something new so I was like I had up a
good friend of Mines you know I just
Meili recently
Lele pause the most viewed person on
vine making her the most popular vine ER
but no one really uses vine anymore so
it doesn't really matter but she also
has 7.9 million followers on Instagram
and she is you know very pretty I may
add they said I was like and you want to
fill my Q&A she was down so we're here
let's begin so the first question is how
did you guys meet
I met rice come um well I was at this
party and I was you know just there
chillin with my friends and then he
comes and he's like hey like you're a
beautiful like I hear that a pause right
now it's like yeah yeah yeah so how I
met her I was at this birthday party of
actually it was my birthday party and
she showed up tell me that you wanted to
dance with me and I was like no I don't
even know you and I was just standing
there just no chilling over like I was
posted up and she just came out so we
just start breaking it down twerking
like in front of me and out of the world
I live in blue it went in a staring
contest
alright let's try it one too thick oh
fuck fuck no I can't win exactly ten
this way go slow go slow
oh Christ gum what's your secret to
getting millions of subscribers in
record time I mean you know subscribers
nowadays it's really easy you don't need
talent you don't need to be funny you
just need a good title and like a
clickbait you know thumbnails so people
click on it it doesn't need to be a good
video you know just a thumbnail
something like this oh yeah like that
Leila how does it feel to be sitting
next to the legend himself rice go oh
what what oh you um what is one of the
most dangerous things you've ever done
lose the rectum I'm gonna stall roar she
is a crazy chase no no stop stop stop
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
what are you doing and what the what
well whose man's is this and that oh
well you have no chill whoa she did one
hand stops up
okay bro this girl has no chill look
guys it's it's really hard
oh my god alright so next question
describe your dream girl hmm I really I
don't know why I like girls with blonde
hair you know I mean just saw about the
blonde hair that like on top of that
girls that were like orangish dresses
out of why I really like that a lot
I think it makes their eyes stand out
you know I mean I'll grow a nice legs
man like she has to have firm legs you
know so she can walk and stuff that's a
major key here and she has to know how
to dance yeah dancing shit has to know
how to shake it you feel me yeah like
work and stuff for twerk it yes okay so
next question is can you do a face swap
yes oh my god dude oh really pretty oh
my god
next question do you guys have feelings
for each other no uh I thought we did
because I just met her and I feel like
so we're just clicking yeah right yeah
it's in a little bit too it's too soon
if you have the one food for the rest of
your life what would it be chocolate did
you say chocolate chocolate so the next
question is what is one of the most
painful things you've done for a video
it's me what are you doing this next
question would you step on a puppy for
$10,000 no $10,000 I don't know
yeah well no no what next question
what's the 74th picture on your camera
roll 70 71 70 dollar
you're gonna blur it out so like I had a
nose job and I'm telling you guys right
now I have didn't have a good
nose and this is the first day I came
out with my new nose that's how I looked
thank you please try to see it what is
the craziest thing that in your entire
life
well I don't really eat like crazy stuff
honest and have you eaten anything crazy
and onion you made onion yeah seems
either yeah no wait no you want to eat
one no better see if easy okay
understood how does a man I saw the
question enjoy with your parrot is just
it on you it's just another I just
bought it yeah look it's a real onion
guys oh my god but yeah guys is gonna
wrap it up just what does it try
something new may know I didn't want to
roast someone every week no like alright
do that onion is brutal dude but anyways
Lila
thank you for a I would thank you for
allowing me in your house they you could
be on my channel we also filmed a bit on
her show it's not out yet but it ought
to be extended yeah but it was a
pleasure doing business with you yeah
but yeah like the video enjoyed oh here
the Sun thumbs up subscribe mess up
