hey guys it's me again so yesterday I
was flying back from LA right and the
plane ride was like an hour two hours
and in that hour I couldn't use the
internet because I had no Wi-Fi at all
and literally so much drama happened
that I missed out on literally this has
nothing to do with me but we all know I
love drama actually we all love drama so
if you haven't heard Justin Bieber and
Selena started beefing on Instagram
right literally Justin posted a picture
that says I'm gonna make me instagram
private if you guys don't stop the hey
this is getting out of hand if you guys
are really fans you wouldn't be so mean
to the people that I like
basically apparently justin bieber has a
new girlfriend and all of his fans are
just roasting his girlfriend and it's
kind of funny because his fans are
younger but they don't care they have no
chill they're savages so yeah he's
basically saying guys stop hating or I'm
going private mutha fuckas and then
Selena comes out of nowhere and she's
like if you can't have the hate
then stop posting pictures it should be
special between you two only don't be
mad at your fans they love you they were
there for you before anyone damn but
dead Justin comes back with the right
hook and he says it's funny to see
people that use me for attention and
still try to play fingers this way sad
all love and he follows up I'm not one
for anyone we've seen the hey hope you
all can be kind of my friends at each
other and yes I love my believers I
totally understandable man he's just
annoyed that people keep cooking his
girlfriend
I would be pissed too but wait there's
more
Selena comes back with a kick she says
funny how the ones that cheated multiple
times
goddamn are pointing the fingers at the
ones that were forgiving and supportive
no wonder fans are mad sad all love so
now after taking all that end you got to
pick a side like there's two teams now
you know Justin Bieber's side or
Selena's side right and honestly me
personally I think I'm gonna have to go
a Justin man like you know I've been a
believer since they want and honestly
he's just annoyed that people are
cooking his girlfriend so why he
downgraded a meal
times lower you know I mean she has
feelings too I mean I guess he was kind
of rude to his fans but like Selena came
out of nowhere just attacking him man
like no one even mentioned her oh I
think you're gonna want to see this
who are you I don't even know who you
are
Selena was right you change where's that
cute kid from baby add like who I was a
believer for nine years and Selena was
right
I bought this flannel cause of you
but now I hate you
it's hard to be supportive when you're
rude to your supporters who called out
the people who show up when you're
performing were the one that made you
always being faithful but recently it
doesn't seem like you're thankful yeah
my whole life I was a number one
believer I even had your back when they
was calling you a cheater your ex called
you out I didn't want a believer man
this new girl you with ain't as good as
Selena
you prize should I talk about another
man's a girl I mean that's kind of too
far and he can probably your ass yeah
you're probably right man just cut that
part out and I just run it back from the
start humming yeah buddy I think I think
you've said enough I would just end it
there he has a ton of fans you don't
want the drama dude I don't care I'm not
scared of nobody
drop the beat bro he has 70 million
followers on Instagram I just stopped
good thing afro gum stopped me because I
would have kept going and there's been a
would have gotten so much dislikes from
his fans but yeah man this whole entire
video was like a joke I wasn't being
serious at all but if you want my honest
opinions Justin has been you know kind
of a dick you know he's been rude his
fans didn't really make his career
without there would be nothing did they
pay his bills and he kind of forgot
where he came from you made a rule where
he doesn't take pictures with his fans
and a lot of his fans are mad about that
right like there's like salty like what
he doesn't even care about us so if you
are mad about that and you need to find
someone else to support I volunteer man
literally I went to this mall like a
couple weeks ago and I was like planning
this out only I'm gonna buy so much new
clothes this this is this I show up at
the mall I didn't buy anything right I
couldn't I was bombarded by supporters
man people left and right and I really
you know I could have a shot like I
couldn't even walk but I was even
complaining no I left the mall I wasn't
even complain because without you guys I
would be nothing right and think about
it though like I have three-minute
subscribers and I'm already getting you
know a lot of traction in real life
imagine how he felt and he's been famous
for like years upon a year so cut the
deuce of slack but yeah thank you so
much if you made it to the end of the
video if you guys are new make sure to
subscribe I'm posting a new bill
tomorrow on top of that drop a like do
not forget drop a like go go go come
your opinions and Selena if you're
watching this I'm on your side so you
just follow me on Twitter anyways hey
thank you so much for watching if you
want to take pictures in public come
find me
let's kick it but I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you guys all so much for
the support
and the peace
