yo long time no talk man yeah how's
school Woodrow
it's lit I was like watching your videos
and stuff like a big fan right here and
I was like dope if she reacted to the
enormous music daily don't have to wait
really yeah
say no more bro I got you I got you I
got to so my last Jacob reaction video I
think it's 7 million views which is
literally in sailing anything with his
name and my name in it just
automatically get a ton of views right
so I want to make another reaction to
his song butt meat hammer cool and we
don't have beef anymore so I didn't want
to know make fun of him because it was
kind of fake you know if I did that so I
wasn't going to make this video but
Jacob really called me up and insisted
for me to react to his video so say no
more homie so interested station jacob
satorious has a new song and is doing
bigger numbers than sweat shirt is doing
good the song is called hit or miss and
it sounds very familiar like hit or miss
I swear being Africa like just played
that game ooh easy him oh shit alright
alright alright alright alright how
about and not miss miss miss what boy
you tripping oh I probably hit but
anyways enough of the chit chatting man
this is my reaction to Jacobs new song
alright so off the RIP I haven't even
played the video yet like I haven't even
started it the first scene there's a
school bus on the left man like no
rappers and singers they usually pull up
in there nice you know four and fast
sport cars this for jacob pulls up in a
school bus
alright this is gonna be a delightful
video ah
are we or old it does it goes don't
let's not worry about tomorrow yeah off
the bat I'm already catching stuff man
look at this right here love BAM
far right look at the mommy's butt is
hella thick yeah yeah baby leo
can we have a cringe counter please
literally off the bat i'ma tell you guys
why this is fake
so as you guys can see she has a pretty
nice rack making her not 13 or 14 she's
probably like 17 18 around there Jacob
doesn't have any fans over the age of 14
I don't think so making this a paid
actor on top of that she doesn't even
have an iPhone which makes it a lot very
sketchy and she was walking on the phone
just walking and from 1 to 2 like out of
nowhere she just switched and took a
picture like so quick so did she hang up
on the person like that foam is very
advanced is that an Andrew I need to
upgrade because my phone can't even
switch from app to app that fast we go
up by NASA to the places that they can
go well what's your name though didn't
even ask these other girls fake I hate
you all but mmm uh off the bat like
Jacob is two for two men anyone he walks
by they just don't know what to do with
themselves they literally just break
down every time I just want to point out
something man so Jacob he doesn't even
have to try look at this he literally
sees the girl literally makes eye
contact and literally just raised his
hand nah doesn't even do anything too
crazy just raises his head and look at
the girl's face bro look at the girl
like I wish I could make her girl's face
that way from just waving my head like
Jacob is a pussy magnet I also noticed
that in the back you guys can see it
like there's like a Red Cross on the
biking thing right and Jacob was on the
bike the whole video
someone arrest this guy locked this guy
up he's out of control
he's breaking the law
you got the girls fake I keep you on
like Casper whoa whoa whoa that sounds
very familiar
all right so for this next one I have no
idea how I spotted this I also have an
eyeball of an eagle but paying close
attention man so we got Jacob riding a
bike but peep the background watch this
boo-boo guy with the red shirt see that
ass hadn't looked back at it making fool
eye contact boo-boo boo-boo
with the butt right no big deal man we
all looked at a but before but look
right here you know a couple minutes
past he's still singing this dude is
still in the background
look at this peep in the ass doing that
still in the background peep in the ass
look at him still making full contact I
mean is the ass that night where you
move it now let's keep going
don't
please don't worry about tomorrow we
just live it up I know that they used to
be girls in the past but I forgot now
you the only one all up in my gods are
you kidding me Jacob is driving past two
regular girls and making them go crazy
is that not good enough for you
he really wants the art like he hired a
couple he got a boyfriend a girlfriend
this crew is not single and he even
makes this girl go Chris he wants the
audience to know that he can take
anyone's grow he doesn't matter she's
taken single whatever she could take
anyone's grow are you bro save some
pussy for us oh who the fuck is that
I honestly questioned Jacob sometimes me
like the first minute of the veal he's
like driving past there's girls staring
at him like those girls would probably
do anything with them he drives right
past them just to give this guy a
handshake and hang out with them
honestly whoever wrote this script is
fucking brilliant
oh man all bad blood hey magic pick a
card any card
yeah it's not worried about
I'm sorry but what the fuck was that
hold on i'ma play that good keep an eye
on this guy right here now what the fuck
what is that likely chances are these
guys are backup dancers which means
they're getting paid to be in this music
field because they're backup dancers but
is he well what was that movie that's a
mama like uh like I haven't been dancing
but I can probably that same exactly
hold I'm gonna play it one more time do
I kid I can do that right now
done hey yo where's my paycheck all
right what she is travel double dribbled
and carried baby
and whoa whoa after a bro hit or miss
dawg um her forehead is rather large ah
okay okay I agree I agree I here we go
here we go
yes yes yes let's go
I do it hi Dave what you thinking I
think I need some blues tools and losing
my mind
and now you know I'm glad I met you
though because the second we connected
girl loves it all makes sense now
all these kids they all arrived together
on that school bus like the school bus
just swooped everyone up after school
and they just dropped them off here for
a Jacob's music video it all makes sense
being at this concert live like look at
all these freaking stereos one two like
it's like all stacked on each other just
a ton of them imagine just being at this
concert inches Jacobs boys just blasting
at you just literally just his song all
that auto-tune
you
but yeah guys are gonna wrap it up
you're welcome for the in-depth
breakdown of the Jacob satorious music
field right Jake if you're watching
thank you for being able to take a joke
if you are not Jake you're watching
thank you for making it to the end
you're the best do not forget to slap
the like button no you must leave muchly
appreciate it another thing is a past
week I've been really slacking I kind of
went like a vacation price should have
but I did uh and I'd be kind of slacking
so be ready I'm back at home about to
drop bangers but thank you guys offer
support recently cover your pains I do
read all comments subscribe and thank
you for continuing to support me on this
journey um but yeah I think that is
going to be it today please do not make
fun of my classes or my very very weird
shirt
um but yeah that's gonna wrap it up
thank you for watching once again and I
will see you guys next time
