hey guys it's me again and I'm back at
home I think I posted two videos in the
last ten days that is so bad I'm back on
the ground I'm actually so motivated
that I'm doing this thing called seven
days of rice bummer I basically post
seven videos in seven days are just a
fool which is daily uploading so be
ready for that but literally I didn't
want to like do that thing yet because
I've been realizing that I've been
getting quite a bit of hate on my videos
like I've been doing this for a while
now and I really didn't get that much
hate until like this past two weeks
right ever since my Jessie dish Trek
which did get 60,000 dislikes which
really sucks because I work pretty hard
in that video I've noticed that I've
been getting quite a bit of hay so this
video is just addressing all the haters
so if you're not a hater I'm not trying
to be mean to you I freaking love you
but if you are a hater open your ears
because this is a message to you
so I've been getting a ton of comment
along the lines of rice gum is boring or
where I stuff is it funny or how is rice
gum famous you know stuff along those
lines which I'm okay with like not
everyone is going to find me funny right
no like I appeal to different people but
here's the thing man YouTube is a
humungous website if I'm not going to go
watch someone else like there's someone
else that may appeal to you and like
people comment on everything like the
same type you over register oh is it
funny stuff like that it's like boy no
one is forcing you to watch me like
school for instance school you have to
go right like your parents force you to
go to school and it's freaking boring my
vids are boring to you no one is forcing
you to watch the one you have to exit
out of my videos like if you don't like
him don't watch my videos I've also been
getting a ton of comments along the
lines of this kid sucks at rapping he's
so terrible does he actually think he's
good or just stuff like that about like
how I'm bad at rapping right but like
I've never said I was good I don't
really consider myself a rapper like why
are you so picky like like why are you
so like critiquing my rattling
everyone's a rap expert or something
like do I do this shit for fun like if I
thought I was butyl tour or something
but I do agree I'm not the best rapper
but like I never claimed to be so that's
why I'm kind of annoyed but yeah I'm not
the best rapper man I guess I got to
practice more how about I practice right
now so yeah man practice makes perfect
May I wrote a little something for the
haters so if you are a supporter close
your ears because I don't want to
disrespect you I usually wrap to one
person in
but this is for the mass audience of
haters but yeah after sharp practice man
you said I need to work on my rapping
skills so i'ma work on it you know you
know I just got to get more reps it you
feel me nobody asks for your opinion put
my name up in the title for a million 20
minute rest yeah they got they feelings
on while they struggle for some views
like oh nice Yas
I used to be the guy they were sleeping
on three mil eight months yeah we came
far it is not me if the views they hate
for alright be already yeah that's why I
got this bait for ya RGS I wouldn't
trade for nothing always have my back
when the hey keep coming you tubers
mother ain't made it yet they've been
hitting on me longer than Taylor's neck
yeah they just met I was the first one
your best vid isn't better than my worst
one a lot of people in the club has met
at me for nothing if you're bored you
should go watch Betty bee or something I
guess they want me to know that they
hand you lay par subscribe and get my
notifications that is your opinion I
will mess with you but you're only
helping me out with an extra view yeah
if you don't like my vids why you watch
up and click every time that I drop them
if you keep hated I'm gonna get a time
machine go back and i'ma tell your daddy
to please use a condom bitch oh yeah and
this one makes me laugh every time man
all right don't fans are 12 all risk-on
fans are young kids I'm not sure if you
know this but YouTube in general has a
lot of young kids a lot of young kids
watch YouTube how could I control who
watches me I don't know how that's a
roast on me like I'm sorry I appeal to
the younger audience like I'm sorry but
the funniest thing is like youtubers in
general they all have gut like we all
got young fans but like you know kid
like toe on YouTube I mean I mean the
housing arose on top of that there's
actually stat like in your YouTube that
you can pull up and here are my stats
bro like I mean like like the stats just
tell them all bro my fans aren't young I
also see comments like raced on this and
raced on that and rice compass and
pisses me off dude Africa is responsible
to this dude help record every video he
tells me what to say most of the time
I've never seen a tweet like Africa up
sucks I've never seen that tweet ever or
Africa is a loser I've never seen that
I've always seen stuff rice domes a
pussy rice comes this why does Africa
get no criticism why is he off too loose
why do I get all the hate and last but
not least comments like rice dub is so
negative he's such a bully all he does
is spread negativity and I guess I agree
with your comment no a lot of these
comments I agree with cuz I guess I am a
tad bit negative but this is kind of how
I see it bro this is how I see it
one day roast me first and I just fired
back ten times harder but this is how I
see it the people I rose are famous
therefore they make a lot of money from
basically doing nothing they literally
sit at home no stressful job they stay
at home they have a ton of fans and they
be making Bank bro people out socially
I'll make a ton of money and so they
have a pretty lit life like they're just
children they're young they have fans
they make money right so when I roast
them they're probably sad for 24 hours
and the next day they just brush it off
because they have a lit live right
because they're famous or whatever so
I'm roasting them they're sad for 24
hours not even pride next day they don't
want what their life but I'm making fun
of one person in return I'm making
millions of people laugh so it cancels
out bro so like if anything I'm doing a
good deed because I'm making people's
day better bro so like but yeah guys
just want to get that off my chest
I was going to post seven videos
straight I didn't want like shitty
comments on seven videos so just want to
get this over with sooner I'm gonna have
to do it but literally if you're a hater
man just exit out no one has forced you
to watch me no one has a gun to your
head and it's fortunate watch me so just
go watch someone else that appeals to
you but yeah if you are support you man
to the end this video has nothing to do
with you so I don't know why you still
watched but thank you for watching you
are literally the best I really have the
best parts in the world I wear my shirt
yeah but yeah subscribe if you are new
call me your opinions italy recover your
pants and just just if you see someone
here bro just click on bro just
literally just cook them up drop the
like to cancel out all the dislike if
you guys can i'm gonna get probably fine
doesn't dislike sunlight sunlight but
here's going hey but we gonna keep
pushing but yeah that's going to be a
guy state you show it from the support
nouvelle tomorrow 100% Nouveau tomorrow
I'm telling you guys I'm back on the
grind daily upload
seven days uh-uh-uh-uh-uh no but thank
you guys so much and I'll see you guys
next time
