look at this shit I paid $450 for this
yellow flannel I come home I try it on
why do I look homeless yo what's up guys
Hillbilly go back for another video I am
still at my cousin's house it is so hard
to film I mean you guys should see what
I'm filming on right now is kind of
funny but I actually fly back tomorrow
so I'm dropping beggars after this one I
think I have a couple of dish checks
coming out this week I'm very excited to
be back home and working but today I'm a
story time youtuber man there's
literally youtubers out there that just
sit here and just tell stories and the
funny thing is every week they tell like
a brand new story and their stories are
so lit as if their life is like the
craziest life ever either they're making
up stories or they're fucking in the
craziest situations ever so yeah I just
want to try something new and on top of
that this story is actually pretty funny
so let's begin keep in mind that this
story is like a month after my Ariel
ditch track which somehow has 7 million
views right now so if you are part of
the 7 million
beautiful people thank you so much so
this story is going to take place during
VidCon if you know what VidCon is
basically this event where a ton of
youtubers going to meet their supporters
hang out with other youtubers it is
pretty fun it was pretty late during the
day and it was getting pretty dark so I
was walking back to my hotel so I could
get some rest all right walking back and
think about hotels near VidCon is like
fans will literally sit at the front of
the deck and I sit in the lobby area
waiting for youtubers the walk buys a
lickin snap a picture right so I was
walking in and I get notice right so I'm
taking pictures outline kind of starts
to form no big deal just having some
one-on-one bonding conversations like
you know I'm saying
and out of nowhere this random ass lady
pulls up on me you feel me just shows up
I was like can I have a word with you
and you know at first I had no idea who
that was right so I was like oh yeah
what you need lady and she was like I
need to speak to you privately and it's
all the way uh yeah there's like a lot
of people here and these guys know
brought me to where I am today I want to
be here without them I'm gonna know show
them I appreciate that by taking
pictures and not just ditching them
right so I was like yeah I'm kind of
busy right now leave me alone
guess what she said bro she said I could
wait what what I can wait so I was so
good no sorry sir I'm sorry she crossed
her arms I can't wait so I was like what
do you mean anyway so she's literally
right here sitting here while I'm taking
pictures bro she's I swear to god she
was in all these pictures all in the
back photobombing
so like five minutes past and she's
literally still standing there waiting
for me I'm like does this girl what my
dick or something I guess I'm into bombs
or whatever right well they are I'll
just get this over but you know I made
obviously go talk to her so I forgot to
tell my daughter lady what do you want
like the first sentence she says is
heavy
Ariel's mom ha ha ha I said she said I
had a flashback of like all the mean
things I said about her i'ma call you
Shrek cuz you look like an ogre heard
you got accepted for the next role as
Joker almost out of milli but you know I
hit it first instead of being a long
line do some chores go to church or so
at the time I was like oh shit shit just
got real so fast a girl I'm talking shit
about good online you can say anything
you want you know like there's no
consequences but now her mom's angry she
found me in person she's asking about
shit um I was kind of nervous I mean I
live in LA but yeah so so she's like hey
I'm Ariel
mom nice to meet you some student and
then she follows with I think you're
funny but I think we deserve an apology
I could not make this up she said those
exact words I think we deserve upon she
looks me straight in the eye straight
face Armstrong I think we deserve an
apology and I was like wait away who is
we
why do I have to say sorry to you and
why did she okay why did he use those
words like if she said hey can you say
star to be my daughter
baby I say sorry right she said deserve
as if I owe her something I don't owe
you shit
I was literally so pissed off about what
she said so guess what I did next bro I
looked her straight in the eye socket I
was like don't ever come at me like that
ever again and I not thrilled that sound
was talking shit nah this can't end up
saying listen I saying shit this ain't
1950s so learn how to take a joke and
you look like a frog skirt and I just
left I'm not a good I said those exact
words I just left and she can't follow
me but yeah that's it that's my first
story on you - I don't know how it did
it what's the game you guys made it to
the end I like to just talk all of it I
didn't trust anyone so if you made some
you are a loyal subscriber so drop a
like so I never you made it to the end
kind of the reason why I made this video
is gisli interesting on a modern way
really you know confronted me about it
on top of that I think I would be on
YouTube for a couple more years and I
must post a lot of content similar or
what I'm doing and I just want you guys
to know that this is all for fun banter
and we're just trying to have a good
time yet but yeah that is probably any
of you guys are new make sure you
subscribe color Europeans do not call me
a hillbilly in the champions that will
make me really really say
oh yeah something happened recently that
was pretty crazy look at this clip
I literally went in watch Suicide Squad
came out and they're away from me I
apparently I cleared out like about to
watch a movie and they found my location
and wait I talked to some kids they said
they wait for three hours
it was crazy like I mean I didn't get to
meet all that which kind of stuck
because there were so many of them but I
did say hi most inviting I say this
whole experience has been crazy I can't
wait for you guys see my next two videos
coming out because they're so good so be
ready thank you for all the support and
I hope you guys have a great day peace
