yo what's up guys back for another video
you guys are wondering race time where
are you exactly right I'm at my cousin's
house on vacation have no resources at
all but the show must go on
I had a jeep post and I today as a very
special dead man part three you guys
been asking me over and over this girl
must be stopped omma Compton known
around here as coconut is making her
third appearance on my channel a corn
her bow she's a proud Christian single
mother of three suicide survivor and
anti-bully advocate I'm so lucky I found
you not only did I marry my lover cousin
took a pregnancy test and it's a hundred
and ten percent sure I'm pregnant
I'm so happy you know I can't use it
like that's a thermometer so we are here
today because coconut head drop a dish
track on me but before we listen to it I
just want to point out that I am so
sorry
and literally I miss the really bad and
uma I'm sorry in my last video I was
reacting to her picture and I said on
this one he said they always try to take
photos of me la caught me off guard with
this one right and I was saying how
there's clearly a shadow and literally
if you really have to make it seem like
someone caught you off guard to look
cool or something you are literally so
away
stop so yeah in my last day I was just
saying how clearly it's herself taking
it no one's catching off-guard the
shadow just speaks for itself right
after I posted my video
uma goes out and tweets to defend
yourself she says people need to stop
saying I took the photo
my husband is wife that's why you can't
see a shadow I'm not a liar and I'm just
like oh my I feel so bad because usually
my robes are very accurate I do all my
research but I clearly messed up
so boom I'm sorry for miscalculating
your picture and sorry for calling you
out oh yeah and one more thing I really
hate this girl I feel as if we have
nothing in common but she posted a
picture that said love meeting the boys
from 20 seconds from Mars they're really
sweet I love them and that's actually my
favorite band too but enough of the chit
chatting man I think it's time to listen
to the diss track all right I've heard
it was good haven't heard it yet she
also posted it on iTunes and Spotify so
she's like trying to make extra buddy I
don't blame her though she just had a
kid just sure put food on the table what
a great mother all right let's listen
I'm gonna relocate I was so glad video
with my grandma came out say I'm being
too loud you can't sleep let's fucking
7:00 p.m. I'm not able to argue and one
down step hop your way eating bread oh
I'm here breaking it all make it meeting
just breath yeah nope just bread it
doesn't make it to have a respect
respect but anyways this sorry for
interruption let's just listen to this
get over with uma content this track on
me hey what are you wet endurance
now effect your dad and I even fucked
your mom I really shouldn't say that I'm
having so much fun your little sister's
pussy taste so good on my tongue debride
Wei Lian you thought I'd be in tears you
thought I'd be crying but your rows are
weak
loser cheap son of Ganga swear you got
the sign just move off sets with my
finger tiny little dick yeah I need
something big your monsta's he's popping
clean on dirty little ching chong why
I'm voting to send you back to Hong Kong
try it
yeah yeah do she's so annoying always
bringing up shit that don't even make
that shit was even good so she opens up
with hey rice cup why you acting dumb
and I was like I'm the dumb one she's
the one that dr. mama Turner was a
pregnancy test she does says you know I
asked your dad and even if your mom your
little sister's p-word taste so good on
my tongue are you kidding me
uma you can't be saying that stuff this
is a Family Channel and then she ends
with obsessed with my figure
like a my room what the fuck is this
shit and then she says tiny little dick
I need something bigger first off is not
tiny is average second off okay you do
the Prai beauty so bigger Oh having
three kids lose pussy having ass is RIT
- is that too much because of the funny
Channel
what this is a Family Channel oh shit
that's why I'm voting Trump sent you
back to Hong Kong I'm not even from Hong
Kong but I'll go back to Hong Kong if
you go back to your palm tree Oh coconut
so apparently there's another verse like
as if one verse wasn't bad enough but
let's just get over with got the paper
like shit I didn't need a minty can't
see right cuz your eyes your swing she
can't see right cause my eyes are
squinty I would rather have these eyes
than these fucking frog eyes what the
hell is this eatin your famous why
you're acting so t really put your words
could be earning insult me and so for
that you sleep on the floor family so
before that I sleep on the floor right
oh I'm definitely not poor look at this
where I got the off way on me I got the
Cartier gold on me I got the bail on me
I get the Louis V bail on me I got the
bait on me you feel me I got the I got
the Kelvin client on me I got the I got
the Yeezys on me I'm definitely not poor
I will never sleep on the floor but yeah
I guess it's gonna wrap it
honestly it wasn't even that bad it was
slightly better than Jesse's district on
me so I'll give her that
boom oh you're so lucky I'm out of town
cuz if I was in town I'll hit the studio
and literally murder you but yeah guys
sorry for the little short upload I am
on vacation with my family and I totally
forgot I had a channel but don't worry
all right in two or three days I'll be
back home dropping a banger got a hell
that shit coming out soon so be ready
but guys I want to say oh yeah and I was
like showing off my clothes not all
these clothes is fake about eBay it was
like $10 each you know super fake so
don't think I'm like bragging about
money but I just want to say I'm at
three point four mil I don't know how I
just hit three mil recently so I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
watching to the end
uma Compton you're so fucking annoying
please don't talk to me ever again
but if you are watching oh yeah one
thing Oh I've noticed that lately my
dress I've been getting like over a
hundred thousand comments at over a
hundred thousand comments also on my
Instagram and stuff I gained a ton of
interaction so thank you guys apparently
resto who've never seen my comment all
right I read every comment I'm not that
every single comment I read all right so
keep interacting like the video if you
did enjoy this little short video I'm up
this is so annoying
but anyways once again I wasn't bragging
about money these are fake let me be
Louis v-belt fake as fuck alright so
don't even think I'm bragging about
money but um yeah thank you for watching
and I'll catch you guys later
