never in a million years when I think
this day would come if you guys haven't
heard PewDiePie
roasted me and he's not just some big
youtuber he's the biggest youtuber in
the world
this guy has 46 million subscribers I
got three million subscribers so a
quarter of my calculations
he's like 15 times bigger than me
fifteen times funnier than me fifteen
times cooler than me
he's just so much better than me and he
has a ton of fans and I know making this
video is gonna get me a ton of hate from
his fans but what he said really really
made me sad but like little do you guys
know I'm a huge fan too with your
favorite some of you bros enjoyed anyway
they were like me did I really
appreciate it it helps me out a line in
the goal link isn't breakfast boy yeah
dancing girls love you all those times
we brofist it and you're just gonna go
out and roast me are you kidding me
pewdiepie but yeah you guys are like
race dumb how exactly do you roast you
can you explain let's begin so three
days ago PewDiePie drops this video
called WTF is this channel basically he
was reacting to this really really weird
video about how five little poop I
jumping on a bed
no dumb
Oh God No so as you guys can see this
song is really weird and just something
that I wouldn't really listen to but
look at what PewDiePie says next I like
how it says rap in the title hell yeah
dude this is some gangster shit this is
some fucking rice go shit dude really
this is some rice dope shit why would
you even compare that piece of garbage
by little monkeys jumping on the bed to
my masterpiece said you're gonna knock
me out the site boy I don't think you
can't if you ever run up on me then you
bout to catch these hands but that isn't
even the worst part I went on some CSI
investigation ship to find this out so
we're gonna go right now man one take no
cut so guys don't think I'm like editing
the video in any way I'm on my phone
right now as you guys can see about to
open up the bottom right here I'm open
up Twitter right boom Twitter pops up
here is my Twitter no sketchy no
gimmicks or anything no Photoshop this
is my Twitter right I'm gonna go up over
here and just search up PewDiePie right
just search up PewDiePie typed it wrong
beauty but I got paid I popped up as
guys and see he follows me I follow him
right and look leave DM before right
here I said thanks for the follow home
and he said same dude he could have said
you're welcome you could have said no
problem but he said same dude as if like
he's also grateful for my follow also so
like wrong this good you know good
friendship shit but I was wrong all
right here we go so I'm going to Twitter
once again no sketchy shit up and down
up and down here we go I'm going to his
likes basically if you don't know how to
inner worth if you see a tweet on
Twitter you can either read it and
ignore or if you actually laugh at or
you like it or you know are entertained
by it
you like the tweet you know I mean okay
so here we go I'm going on his life's
tweet and so all these feats are the
tweets that he like as you guys can see
all these tweet kind of relate to him in
a way either it's fan art or something
you know what I'm saying or some
pokemons good to see all these tweets
relate to him in some sort of way right
so tell me why he would babe this three
hold on
I where they were right here it's this
Riesling starter pack it's like a meme
of me kind of insulted me and he saved
it which means like he doesn't babe
stuff usually is usually just tweets
about him but he probably found this
funny probably laughed out loud so I'm
gonna explain why him liking this tweet
made me so angry right so here's the
tweet has four pictures attached
basically kind of describing me in a way
first picture is a tweet of me basically
I made a grammatical error I said I have
so much haters instead of so many haters
he's basically saying I'm stupid
whatever not that big of a deal next one
is like four pictures from my videos
basically trying to say like my content
is repetitive or all I do is make fun of
kids which is not that big of a deal
whatever I can take a joke but this next
one this next picture are you kidding me
I don't look anything like this guy I
look nothing like Kim Jung you all right
Peter fine do I rip why would you laugh
why would you like this tweet why would
you even like this tweet PewDiePie I
love nothing like this guy I look
nothing like him alright next one
fucking boring bastard I had no idea
what this even meant but good thing
there was a definition underneath it
said someone who is very boring Wow
pupa you think I'm boring you think my
videos are boring are you kidding me
whatever though I work hard on my videos
but whatever what if they're boring
whatever but do you really think I look
like this guy did this would hurt me the
most I think this one affected me the
most I look nothing okay so pity but if
you're watching this video you have 24
hours to publicly say sorry
alright and unfavorite this unlike this
tweet and publicly say sorry everyone
watching this tweet at peopie hashtag
apologize the rice dub and if not that
I'm dropping the diss track actually
actually the damage has been done the
war everything the damage I'm already
hurt that day I'm sorry I'm dropping the
diss track there's nothing you can do to
stop me
but I can't do it alone PvP is too big
he's too popular I can't do this alone
but who else hates
what the hell is yo
Rhys going what's up yo Cass I what's
good man alright listen there me and
PewDiePie are in some beef right now and
I heard you also didn't like him yeah I
don't like that son of a bitch one bit
damn dude art listen I was wondering if
you wanted to hop on a beat together and
drop a dish track on them yeah yeah I
like the way that sounds
but yeah guys is going to wrap it up if
you guys made it to the end make sure
you guys drop it like don't forget call
me your opinions do I really look like
that guy and subscribe if you are new
but let me know man I don't think I look
like that guy but me accantus I about
the drop of Bangor to be continued
be ready PewDiePie I don't look like I
don't look like that guy I understand
anyways thank you for watching I hope
you guys enjoyed be ready because we
droppin some heat
