hey guys it's me again
and I'm kind of disappointed in myself
man I have probably the most active and
most craziest in a good way most just
craziest supporters ever you guys go
hard every week on all my villages
showing support and I just haven't been
saying thank you enough right I haven't
been grateful I haven't been like I got
really lucky but most youtubers got to
grind their whole life and I blew up
this year so fast and so quick and I
just haven't been really saying thank
you enough I hit a million subscribers a
while ago didn't do anything I hit 2
million subscribers last month didn't do
anything at all and now we're at 3
million it's time to change that right
most youtubers they give away one piece
for one iPad and yeah it's a lot of
money but I think that the day only one
person is really winning right so when I
give away back to as much people as
possible so I saw a kiss I do this I
thought was hilarious he was giving away
PlayStation codes and I'm assuming that
everyone here has a Playstation but I'm
pretty sure we've all used Amazon before
right so I'll be giving away Amazon
codes BIP BIP BIP these are legit I went
out I bought Amazon Cubs copy and paste
this put in Amazon BIP BIP BIP put these
codes in Amazon right I bought you know
$10 gift cards $20 or $50 depending on
which one you get but BIP BIP BIP copy
these codes into Amazon and you'll just
get $10 20 or 15 or depending on what it
is thank you for a bit bam bam bam thank
you for three men guys it's just a bit
bit more coaches go on Amazon and put
these codes in be a bit more fucking
codes more codes codes more codes just
like you feel me just thank you guys man
and it's just crazy cuz leg I just made
like I just made this channel for fun a
bit bad bin I just made this channel for
fun and it just went bigger than bit bin
and and it just turned out bigger than I
thought it was right so yeah man once
again bambam these are actual codes go
right now
like it's like a contest for all you
guys go put these for the Bam Bam Bam
put these codes and get yourself
something nice and yeah man BIP BIP BIP
BIP huh
BIP what the fuck BAM
yo afro what the hell dude we're all out
of codes buy more but we're kind of
spending a lot of money
don't care goodbye board a bit bit bit
bit bit but yeah guys I just love giving
back
BIP BIP and just thank you for all the
support keep supporting me keep
subscribe BIP BIP BIP keep going hard
but yeah if you guys taping a code and
it doesn't work BIP in it means that
someone typed in the code before you
like they beat you to it
BIP BIP so you guys gotta go quick Bam
Bam Bam Bam
wow I'm spending a lot of money right
mmmm
okay this is over flip it man
holy shit I'm spending a lot of money
wow I am breaking my bank rent
Oh BIP BIP BIP alright a couple more Bam
Bam Bam I'm getting tired Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam
hey ah there you go guys thank you also
yeah yeah thank you guys all so much for
all the support if you guys missed it
pause the video put the codes in I hope
you guys buy yourself something nice you
know some some little life but yeah man
Bam Bam Bam oh yeah and if you've been
out all day
chances are you clicked on this video
away and you didn't get any codes at all
so here are some more codes
Bam Bam Bam Bam but yeah chances are you
didn't get any codes at all which kind
of sucked so I'm doing a giveaway that
ends in a week so you know anyone can
join right it's not like the quickest
anyone can join
but yeah anyone can join there's a link
in the description below click on that
link it will teach you everything
basically it's a raffle you know I just
pick randomly if you follow me on
Twitter you get
raffle ticket if you subscribe to my
channel you get another raffle ticket
right so you want as much raffle tickets
as possible to win the prizes I'm in a
hundred of my own shirts three ps4 is
three iPad that's pretty good on top of
that I'm giving away Amazon codes as we
speak
Bam Bam Bam but literally man you guys
changed my life I did this YouTube stuff
for fun and now it's bigger than it ever
is so thank you so thank you so much I
am so grateful three million is crazy
and we're going to hit 4 million next
month and that's even crazier so BAM you
guys are the best man I also finally
made t-shirts you guys have been asking
me forever so I dropped my first ever
t-shirt right there if you guys want one
I'm telling you they're gonna sell out
pretty quick so yeah cop 1 and tell your
friends about it and if you can't then
whatever hopefully you win it in the
giveaway right but yeah by quick I think
they're going to sell out pretty quick
and if you do buy one tweet have you a
picture of proof of you buy one chance
that I'll follow you back on Twitter or
something like that
yeah man you guys are the best alright I
made a shirt - oh yeah Africa has a
shirt - but my shirts kind of better but
yeah guys I just want to say thank you
all so much for the support I just want
to get I mean I just feel like giving
back babe yeah I just feel like giving
back to you guys because you guys
literally just change my life - here
take my shirt man
who wants a shirt who it's adidas dude
who wants my shoes man who wants you
good I will give away guys here's my
underwear man it's literally Calvin
Klein I'm giving away my underwear
Yeezys and my adidas shirt if you guys
want to win that follow me on Twitter
and faith my last 20 tweets but yeah man
I'm just giving away everything man been
a bit bit but once again buy a shirt
subscribe to the channel comment your
does comment when you subscribe so
either it's a honey Kay a mail - bill
I'm not sure but once again thank you
guys all for the support hopefully you
guys come back for more in the future
new video very soon get ready because
we're hitting Formula ASAP but thank you
again guys and yeah bit bit bit bit boom
boom boom alright peace up
