No what is up everybody head back for
another video thank you for joining me
they actually wanted to go out and vlog
with my friends and I asked my friends
and all them are busy right so on my own
I stay in my room and make another video
but it's all good though me and this
green street is gonna entertaining today
I'm not sure guys know this but before I
did you - I was actually a full-time
livestreamer and the thing I notice from
live streaming is like youtube if you
were to ever film and mess up on camera
you can just refill them or redo could
just edit it out but you get like a
chance to fix up your content a little
bit right well I've you know once you go
live there's no turning back you are
literally streaming your content
directly to the internet which is dope
because it's super raw you know good
content it's a different type of content
but just now accidents do happen
sometimes fucking ignorance and if
something were to happen on stream that
you wish did it happen you wish you
could go back in time you can't because
it's live it's on the internet forever
you're screwed but today I was actually
thinking and I kind of missed the live
streaming life and I feel like today we
should go around and just watch right
have live streams you know hopefully
bring back some memories
I swear like did not sound normal sound
like something else
nobody curiosity though about the hair
and stuff like what does she expect
what's gonna happen you have fires your
hair
I mean what was she even doing like
water water elemental clock like
factory-new a very good at it stop stop
stop I got a bottle flying off I've got
about a fire here shit what I think I
fucking just actually shit myself
what you said wait a minute wait run
that back real quick oh my god he shit
himself
another thing is though you could easily
play that off flame could it be like oh
yeah
I'm gonna quit water brake job I'll be
right back turn off the camera no I mean
go handle his business he really needed
to make like a whole seat and let
everybody know and while he was walking
down you really had to add this last
sentence like at first I thought this
was like maybe like a one-time thing you
know accidents do happen and you know
whatever right but apparently this
always happens like why don't you try
next time did not get too excited like I
don't know what I'm looking for right
now like what's happening is this girl
saying bad what is she making enemies
though why was she so shocked I believe
she was like OnLive she would just do it
there like her fan message or whatever
and I guess someone sent her a picture
the picture was blurred now the berry
upset because her reaction it was more
like a gasp like a like really shock and
then followed up with an oh my god and
I'm just like what was this picture like
that picture had to be magical you know
it's like to get that type of reaction
now I'm curious I want to see what the
picture is and I'm assuming it's like a
ding dong picture and you know my goal
in life is to set a girl a ding dong
picture and her reaction is this oh my
god puts it right up to their eye yeah
why why would you why would you ever
what you just laughing like that you
just almost died this dude just caught a
load to his face lost vision in one eye
and he's just gonna see her in laughs
I'm starting to think like God was
trying to tell him something like bro
like something I don't know cuz bottles
don't randomly just pop in your eye he
was like God was giving him a message
Thank You Ellis wag when I meet you I'm
literally gonna shove a fucking joint up
your ass and light it with your consent
excuse me
streaming outlast okay let me just
fucking do IRL outlast but I suppose
walking is for different people
what's going on okay at first I thought
she looked into her front camera and saw
her reflection and I guess her face
scare her because I guess it was so ugly
that she's dropped her phone I thought
that happened because that happens to me
sometimes but apparently the story was
like she was accidentally live-streaming
first off how do you even accidentally
livestream right and second off what was
she even talking about at the beginning
I think yellow swag when I meet you I'm
literally gonna shove a fucking joint up
your ass and light it okay what exactly
are gonna do to him why that's kind of
weird like their consent
oh I'm just gonna get consent first oh
that's my fault guys I overreacted she's
gonna get consent first
I swear a girls always talk about I can
cook this I can cook that you show up to
their house and be looking like this
dude no I don't want it and then like I
was like drunk but why do you rape you
yeah bro all right who did this who did
this
afro do you want like it's just not
funny yo take this clip out tomorrow's
next one all right so this is one of
those like in real life live streams
where I really get the feeling you know
if someone's life it's live campus is
the recovery why is he talking to kid
when her home you just thought about
pulling out a good on a guy I know
curious like what if that girl didn't
tell him to chill out like what was
gonna happen next like was he gonna fire
her shots like what was he gonna do next
I literally just sat for four hours with
grandpa driving him to the doctor just
sat down I come home find out my
Twitter's permabanned sit like I'm just
not having a good day at all so so
twitches next right close my door
literally close my door yeah close my
door which is next all right so in my
videos I'm never serious I'm always
joking around but for the next 10
seconds I'm gonna be serious if you like
to make videos if you want to do stuff
on the internet if you want to create
content anything in life really that you
like to do and your
family or you know your parents whatever
aren't supporting you it's gonna suck
but you're just gonna have to deal with
it you know I'm saying kind of use that
as like motivation and just prove them
wrong you're just gonna have to it sucks
cuz this rule is over here trying to
stuff and it happen live you know I'm
saying but the girls love video man I
gotta feel bad she had a long day she
came home her Twitter is bad her dad is
over here caught her in an embarrassment
he's over here crying her eyes out live
on street and now I'm reacting to it on
my channel and she has to be a like an
all-time low right now yo I swear to God
if anyone comments this is rice gum in
ten years
like don't comment them that's not funny
I swear FST one of those is this another
fire one
yo how do people keep messing that with
fire yo all right man come on like just
extend just take that fire out come on
yo yo is that garbage or that white
things this time catching on fire yo you
need to feel you know what is you do it
like bronze you need help or something
like put the fire out what is you do it
where is you going where is you going
the fire is right here where is cop
are you gonna come are you gonna come
back are you gonna come back anytime
soon where where is my Manza are you
gonna come back okay finally finally
there's all the waters you've got
alright that's it
I gotta help up now then come on bro
what are you doing yo what is yo it's
actually working it's actually working
let's go don't worst where are you going
where is you going bro come back the
fire long story started the house burned
down and if you guys ever get into a
fire never try to take out fire with
paper cuz the paper or the boxes or
whatever you use it gonna catch on fire
spread the fire it's not smart she's
making Asians look stupid come on -
buffalo chicken rollers one for asian
and who is this guy
long story so yo that was the most
awkwardest thing ever right so this
guy's like well I've driven their life
and I guess they're trying to be funny
wearing speedos and public Loki they got
what the purple here kid has a nice
button but these two guys were making
content and a cop walks in and like what
does the cop even sit I mean like how do
you even explain yourself it's just
really awkward I mean yo it's not what
it looks like like I'm not even
searching this up I'm just making a
video like bro why are you looking at me
like that like it's a long story like
it's not what it looks like I didn't
just search this up like come on bro
alright guys well I guess I gotta go
explain myself to Africa if you guys man
to the end thank you guys all so much
drop a thumbs up because you did make it
to the end
cover your faces below because I do read
all comments and subscribe if you're
anywhere are you ready for join the
squad subscribe but boys and girls I
will see you guys tomorrow
once again I'm on this daily grind
whatever
thank you so much for all the support
and I'll see you guys tomorrow it still
beats my pocket full of money bill I'm
in the hell's bitch my cell just did a
hunter male
