hey guys it's me again and today is a
very special day man you guys know me I
started from the bottom just trying to
work my way up you know I started out
again roasted by like these internet
famous kids slowly progressed into some
you know pretty big youtubers and then
lately it's been like actual celebrities
coming at me weird you don't talking
that shit about me but today is a
special day this singer start talking
shit about me man your name is massive
beer shit's loads and loads of followers
I don't know why she was even talking
about me but yeah she's really really
popular but wait there's more she's also
dating someone that's also really really
popular so she has a ton of fans on top
of that she's a singer that is signed
with Justin Bieber
okay so this girl has a ton of fans and
I'm just like okay should i roaster do I
want dislikes on my videos what should I
do I'm not sure I'll figure out later
but this is a clip from her live stream
any thoughts in let's go I don't know
him as a person I don't know him
personally at all so I can't say
anything about him my whole thing is I
don't like somebody who gets used for
like these people and other people I
think he's really funny but I just think
it's like he's just kind of a bully a
little bit but yes you feel like this
boring mother beep well what she thinks
up a bully is just wait a minute wait
does everyone think I'm a bully dude how
long have you known this for and you're
just telling me this now dude grab the
camera
do we play the sad music hey guys it's
me Anne Rice gum and I just want to sit
here and say I'm so sorry to anyone that
I bullied I mean literally just what
you're doing YouTube you just think
about your views you think about blowing
up and you just lose track of reality
and you lose track if you don't think
about other people's feelings and I have
so sorry my teachers or my parents tell
me all the time don't roast people or
don't bully people and
I am just roasting a boy people so I let
them down and I'm sorry I've turned into
a monster but a lot of it just has to do
with my addiction I'm not sure if you
guys know but I was on TLC my strange
addiction hi my name is Raisa I'm 19
years old and I'm addicted to roasting
it's like in my blood and like as you
guys can see I have roast Affiliate I'm
really addicted to roasting people I
have to stop but I'm gonna try my
hardest to stop but let's keep watching
her livestream said lol she's about to
get posted like guys like I hope you
know that like that doesn't mean
anything in like the real world
so apparently roasting doesn't mean
anything in the real world and
apparently I'm living in the fake world
and what have I been doing for the past
eight months I just been roasting people
but it doesn't even mean anything
apparently my wife sucks and it's also
playing when people are mean to each
other on the internet and then other
people respond a bit you're so savage I
love you it's like guys like don't like
why are you encouraging somebody like
who's being mean you know
oh my god this whole entire video is she
just criticizing what I do for a living
but that last comment she's criticizing
you guys why you guys encouraging me to
rose people why are you guys encouraging
my savageness stop encouraging I have no
opinion on ice' them I just wish that
someone who had a really big following
would you know use it to like be
positive and spread positivity of it oh
well I do have a big following I'm kind
of popular I have 3 million subscribers
almost and I'm using my voice to 3
million people in a negative way maybe I
should make this platform more positive
she does have a plane and I have been
mean recently I have been kind of a dick
recently Wow disk I'm such a bad person
oh yeah yeah Madison you're right I'm
only thinking about myself
I roasted all these kids and never
thought about how they felt I can't even
count how many times are given out I'm
only getting older I guess I should've
told you I'm sorry
fuck it I'm sorry
- stop hurry I said I'm sorry
fuck it I'm sorry
so hurry while you roast me Madison only
because your boyfriend Jack is trash out
what he does legion famed of us be tome
don't tell me what to do girl you is not
my mom this is my youtube channel and I
do what I want cuz I'm Savage
fuck it I'm savage bitch I mean I'm
sorry fuckin up son hurry hurry what the
heck dude guys I wasn't supposed to
roast her I literally started singing
I'm sorry
and then out of nowhere something just
snapped and I just started roasting her
and her boyfriend and I wasn't supposed
to I mean yes I know she called me a
bully and she called me other stuff and
she called you guys like what I guys
encouraging rice you know but like I
wasn't supposed to wait I wasn't meant
to roast her I didn't mean to it has
happened wow I guess I am addicted or oh
I'm sick well I guess I got to go back
to rehab now well anyways I gotta go
guys I'll be back soon if you guys can
like the video before I come back
comment your opinions and subscribe for
your new tweet at me hashtag get well
soon rice I'm going to need it but yeah
I'm going to go back to therapy and
Rehab because this is not okay it's
getting way out of hand
thank you for watching if you made it to
the end and I will see you guys next
time
call the uber afroman this is not okay
