man this week has been a pretty solid
week we dropped to banging videos on top
of a diss track and next week we bout to
hit 3 million subs so since we've been
working so hard I'll do this often I do
not do this often but I think that you
deserve a day off I just go out one day
only I so tomorrow you're back to work
but just one day go out have some fun
have like an own relaxation day just do
whatever you want to do man you deserve
it dude just do not go to you know whose
house who I would never do that I got
you man one of you blame is only playing
Pokemon go right now that's hot right
now yeah come on you always hard last
night I caught a try sir right you know
yeah in Compton yeah dude you know what
I hate dude when girls don't reply the
Year Deanna's even though you sent them
a bomb dick pic no rice go Oh
pause keep going I hit him too literally
I feel like as if he takes all the
credit
yep I'm doing a lot of the work you know
I mean I'm editing I'm filming writing
I'm producing I feel like I do more than
him and he's the star everyone loves
them it should be afro gum and sometimes
rice gum that's what I'm saying yeah you
need to leave them and come work with me
yeah yeah well I can't come here yeah
we're gonna come you can sleep in my bed
and everything I got a bed for you right
there I want to go nap right now let's
do it I don't and I was good no no but
that's dope though yeah dude we should
like fight him or something all right
calm I feed him right now
go I'm a fatal wreck actually speaking
about AIDS before I fade him
you need to do something about this you
need your faders cuz this is looking now
we're just about to tell you that we
would look pretty bad I'm good I'll
Adele but I was just about to tell you
that cuz like it's been months this is I
had a cut and I'm trying to find a
barber and you know in Cali is I just
moved out here so bread not seen Drake's
last Instagram picture old oh I want the
swirls on yet who do you think gave him
that line no that was me brah no yeah no
yeah what yeah well are you looking cuz
I need a cut yeah so I'm just implying
like can you cut me up yeah all right
like right now right now I got the
Clippers yeah you have the Clipper I use
them for my pubes but it's all good any
IDs disinfect our word are those do it
let's go I took a fashion this morning
yeah I had you pull it last night
that's God jewel where do I sit right
there got you bro come on acting like
you never got a hair is the thing where
let you put it over and like all that
hair comes up all right you're right
sure sorry fam it's been a while Drake
usually has all the stuff that is a
permanent oh I got you dawg all right
I'm good bro I know I'm just making sure
hairs don't get on you
exactly exactly open open okay all right
so what you want just just trim it up a
bit
I want to fade on the side line me up
and say no more and don't push me back
those so just line it up like right here
just BAM run do I have a push back line
up no you don't
okay sorry for even even thinking about
this actually looks like my pubes so
it's not so bad that I'm using the one
that I shaved my yeah yeah exactly
exactly
no you always it grows back stop it
grows back fetishes I'm just open oh
stop it
all right yo I actually have been
meaning to talk to you about something
I'm being a little mad at you me Yeah
right why because last time we hung out
you know we were playing - okay havin a
good time
nah you had the opportunity to choose
between me and rice
you chose rice I can't what what what
did I do
not on please don't leave me hope afro
what was that about huh it's just at the
time when you drop the bars it was just
awkward for me as a person to just
witness that I just felt uncomfortable
you didn't like my bars I just honestly
out of 10 it was like a three three it
is I wasn't feeling it that much you
want me to freestyle right now I mean I
just want a haircut yo I got a boy named
afro his best friend his name is rice
yeah he has a big dick but that's okay
because I hit it twice I just want a
haircut can't just cut me up cuz you're
making it awkward and I just want to
have a haircut all right just say no
more I got you
oh you gotta get all the girls now
Playboy whoa what the fuck is this don't
ever pick rice gum over me again
yo wasn't you what's the matter no no no
man no no no no this can't be happening
man is it bad
thank you so much if you made to the ad
if you guys can't tell by now this is
not a skip pussy is so we're like why
did he cut my man's hair hella weird and
now he has a votes but I don't know but
if you guys are ready for a part two I
get revenge bro if you guys are ready
for part two you let me know like the
video comment below its drop it ASAP on
top of that if you guys do not follow me
on twitter you are missing out so drama
happen recently check this clip out
it's all good I'm gonna ship this and
fucking roll man I'll have time
dislocation I didn't talk too much miss
Walker at that I wanted to say shit
about your fucking face and eternal ever
was founded
I work I'm a photographer public
watching the spinning twice much right
now how would you do that
I did it bro hi this video literally
blow up all over to ragazze so much
attention because people thought it was
real which it was it I got so many mixed
emotions if I negative feedback later I
still won't you hit him and run away or
like right up that was a cheap shot and
then people were coming out pussy like
who's who got hit and I like a guy that
was smaller inside out it was like
really badly negative comment but it was
fake it was staged we don't actually
fight I would never hurt a fly so I
don't know why you guys thought I would
do that but if you want to know more in
depth about why I punished them and
stuff it was like part of boosie's
mastermind pledge like trick the
Internet you guys can check it out is on
his channel in the description pretty
let me do maybe you guys enjoyed this
video ready for part two like the video
calm your pain subscribe if you are new
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
