so you guys are probably wondering rice
gun why are you wearing glasses inside
what are you doing I have pinkeye on my
right eye is literally poofy pink this
out oh it just looks weird I didn't want
to distract you guys so instead I'll
wearing these goggles so it is a pretty
special day man you guys know me I get
roasted all the time now most of the
time is people that are like 21 years
old twentyish around there sometimes
they're 16 15 14 or whatever right but
today is an all new record this girl is
12 years old like who's next man a
little baby a baby before it even comes
out a freakin sperm cell they keep
getting younger and younger man like who
knows anyways the other day I was just
minding my own business you know we're
just having a great time just chilling I
get this random tweet from this guy that
has like a John Cena profile picture Bay
says dude he can't Ross Mackenzie music
because one she makes more money than
she more popular and she is a signer
dancer and actor and I was like what and
then I had no idea what was going on
right so a couple more hours past and
get a ton of more tweets like rice gum
better not rose my baby Mike Enzi or
rice gum he'll he'll regret it if he
rose our fandom and I was like what is
going on right so that I search this
girl up her name is Mackenzie and I go
on her livestream and she's talking that
shit options on rice gum so I think
someone in the chat like typed out
opinions on rice demand she read it as
options on rice gum so off the bat she
can't read the one thing about him is
like you get famous off of like people
my age by literally them roasting him he
gets famous by that which is
unbelievable people can get literally
they can get famous by anything
yeah but rice gum please get a life he
already does you know did it look he's
live on the internet going in yes I got
a life because he literally gets fans
off of musically people because they
literally go oh um
you did this like she like played with
her hair and maybe said a bad word
that's how he gets famous what
apparently this girl knows my whole life
story and I don't even know who she is
so I did some researching and honestly
she has a pretty impressive resume so if
you don't know who this girl is this
girl is 12 years old she has 4 million
followers on Instagram her sister has 6
million photos on Instagram on top of
that this girl has her own TV show like
what but you know I googled it and the
TV channel has like a 4 star rating so I
mean it's not that good but still a TV
show is still cool on top of all that
she makes music it has a song out there
that has 33 million views but like she
uses auto-tune and stuff so I mean it
doesn't count but still still good for a
young girl right so this was you know a
lot going on for herself I don't know
why she's roasting me that is really not
the smartest thing to do yeah I'm gonna
show you his videos he's hilarious
but like babies does not rosy people
because he thinks that's like it's
hilarious it's not not all whoa what
he's hilarious
but like Hades is not rosy people
because he thinks that's like it's
hilarious it's not way so first I was
hilarious and that I'm not like what
like make up your mind and maja Larry's
or not babies to get a frickin one rice
gum these get a life get a life so I
have to get a life and I don't even know
what that means everyone go on rice guns
Instagram and comment l please just
comment a bunch of else yeah exactly
just comment a bunch of I'm sick of this
shit enough grab the mic arm and turn my
mic up man I'm sick of this all right I
just want you to keep in mind that she's
only 12 years old so you want to go a
little bit easier on her no not boy just
drop the beat
how you on insta you ain't even make the
age limit is your Bugs Bunny it's the
same difference only 12:10 a roast man
they getting younger all these elves on
her page may you think we love Murray
and you stuck in the shadow of your own
sister she has more followers but your
teeth are bigger their parents let you
act up they need to be stricter he's in
your Vista with the same pose every
picture
roasty now you think that you're cool
said I need to get a life but you need
to go to school can read and you can't
pronounce any vowel your phaser we get
my fans got my back like it now you have
to realize you're only 12 years old
should be against the law for you to
have you a phone and listen to your
music and it almost went deaf I think if
you quit it would be for the best
I'm so jealous Oh Jen you were on Ellen
team same color as a lemon think you're
doing big things pleasure on TV only
thing big about you is your damn teeth
nobodies but yeah guys is gonna wrap it
up thank you so much if you made it till
the end I really didn't want to do this
man but she was really just asking like
she like she left me no choice she was
really cook at me and I just had to
defend myself so before all the McKenzie
fat comes at me you know was going to
stop roasting my BAE it's just for fun
it's just a funny video let's move on
right anyways if you guys did enjoy hope
you guys did do not forget to like the
video comment your opinions do not for
it to do that
subscribe do not forget to do that and I
started daily vlogging on my second
channel on it so if you have been a
longtime supporter and you want to
support me to that next level I made a
pretty cool vlog I went to the mall and
did some other stuff on it ok it was
like a regular vlog but I might start
out on that hoger was having a great
summer do not forget to show the support
and I will see you guys tomorrow
