Tama clauses dabbing to town he sees you
when you whipped he knows when you Nene
he knows with you are just like Jake
Dani knows when you're gone you grab the
camera hey guys it's me again so I came
to my attention that they're still kids
out there that must be stopped and no
one's doing anything about it
so I guess I gotta take matters into my
own hands on top of that I haven't made
one of these in a while you guys seem to
really enjoy it so why not but before we
begin I just want to address that first
clip like what the heck is that
Santa Claus is dabbing to town he sees
you when you whipped he knows who you
dating like I don't know what's more
disappointing man like that song or
finding out that Santa wasn't real said
is it real but anyways enough
chitter-chatter man you know how these
work let's just jump right into it hey
can I get your number no girl you ain't
my type
Daniel girl can I get your number no I'm
not your type
Wow Wow
this is like the perfect example like do
not curve someone cuz the next day
you're gonna regret it man
psyche man it's like the cringes mighta
ever seen my life like Oh whose idea was
too good to the kitchen phone to write
their own what did she just they took
her to the kitchen fucker on the table
that's a very inappropriate lyrics for a
little girl like her right but for some
reason I
she looks very familiar I know you know
you like you fucking gotta breathe oh my
god tell me they don't look alike side
to side comparison literally identical
man like they got separated at Birth or
something I had to get to Kharkov the
day is a good ok is her life really that
uninteresting where she has to draw on
her face but like if you're gonna spend
all that time to draw on her face and
like dance around at least do it right
Oh
what are you doing uh uh I was just
don't you fuck out that window I'm sorry
madam yeah baby sight what what you guys
are like wait why is her forehead so big
here's my logic behind that grows with
like big foreheads it kind of means like
they have a big brain right so totally
understandable whatever but there's no
excuse for the terrible acting in her
hairline
I just don't get it I don't get why are
you doing this why why like what are you
gaining from ending up magic just
walking in on your daughter and just
catching her doing this
yo dinner's ready
what I don't get it man like what did he
think was gonna happen ladies like
you're gonna jump on a glass table of
course it's gonna break and you guys are
probably rescue it was an accident man
why does he must be stopped
did you not see his arm all right look
closely man slow-mo this look at what he
does he clocks the chair just knocks it
out chairs have feelings too man
bet you wish that you ain't moving out
no I don't think that you can save me
now save now save me now you wait the
word I'm calling baby now baby as you
guys can see he's basically saying
thumbs up the video if you're having a
great time but I'm sorry kid you see
like a nice guy but I have to expose you
right click so before he takes off his
shirt as you guys can see he is sucking
in whoo as far as he can sir it looks
like he has abs and he takes on his
shirt and this kid must be stopped
yeah - you are like you are
turn around pokey that's over I can read
they're sober like me in the mesh they
just
that's two times now but yeah guys it's
going to wrap it up I'm gonna go
apologize to Africa as soon as I get
done with this outro if you guys can't
like the video if you guys made it till
the end call me if you guys want to part
7 and subscribe you are new I am
dropping a diss track and a collab video
this week so be on the lookout but thank
you for the support recently
2.5 million massive but more to come
more videos to come
hoe bear was having a great summer and
I'll see you guys next time
