hey guys it's me again so the other day
I was like hey man I've been working
pretty hard lately I think I deserve a
little mini vacation right so I decided
to go to VidCon and on the day I fly out
to VidCon I get freaking roasted man
something just me and you instead of
having a very relaxing three days
instead I'm just thinking about how can
I fire back and not take it out so you
guys are probably waiting race dumb who
roasted you this time is it another
little kid but no the tables have turned
now I'm the little kid
this guy is 27 picking on me his name is
mystic got jokes and he makes a video
called rice gum dm's my girl right at
the time I was like Oh Shay no idea I'm
quite a bit of girls what FIDM just
growing like a dick picker son I could
get exposed but no man watch the video
babe guess who just damn me dear IANA
message you back
what no rice gun all right look man all
I said was hey as you guys can see
nothing more nothing less
just a simple hey rice gun oh the little
Asian dude that look like Quicksilver
from x-men the dude that got famous for
roasting people that are famous this
dude is really roasting me for just
saying hey and on top of that the acting
is so bad oh my god mystic DMT mystic oh
that one dude that has fucked up teeth
and got caught for faking his prank
videos on top of that only gets views
because he puts boobies in his thumbnail
and click big tiles and when he doesn't
have any of those he gets hardly any
views at all
I know mystic so what are you gonna
message him back why would I message
back a 19 year old asian boy what does
him being Asian have to do with anything
because he probably wants to sleep with
me and probably ID and her sing a
three fucking letters Hey according to
her logic I want to sleep with her
hey oh he wants to sleep with me who
does she think she is Ben look I never
say hey beautiful
I said hey you're not even a sexy Brooke
even if she was the last person I would
even sleep with her it goes down buta
big okay
here we go again she's acting as if I
asked her hey you want some chips or
something all I said was a hand man
I didn't ask a question what do you mean
not famine man all I said was a big all
I said was the head so yeah man it's
pretty pathetic man he made a full-on
video just clowning me for saying hey
but you know whatever man shit happens
let's just move on but wait you know I
mean two days later this dude decides to
drop a diss track on me taking personal
shots at me and I'm just like dude I
just said hey so yeah it's pretty clear
that he's like doing this so I could
respond to him or he's using my name for
news but yeah I know he's a lot older
she has a good music background so the
diss track turned out pretty good right
but you know how diss tracks are were
like the last line is like the finish
hair you know to seal the deal and
people usually go save the best you know
roast till the end like you know people
say end it with a bang right so here was
his last line and you said that I'm just
using your name for booze but how's that
true when I'm more famous than you home
I just think it's kind of funny that
like his last finisher like the thing to
seal the do an end to me was just
completely false and not true at all
right I want to sit here and sound cocky
or brag about popularity but he kind of
brought it up but what he said was
completely false
so we're both at VidCon this weekend and
if you don't know VidCon is like an
event where a ton of people go to to
meet their favorite youtubers and
youtubers go to meet their supporters
right so me and mr. famous aka mystic or
both at VidCon and these were clips from
his vlog channel over there boom we're
supposed to meet up at one o'clock
Oh
last year honestly oh hey
so I think this is the part where I drop
my dish triclinium but I'm not sure if
you guys know this but this checks take
forever to write and then I have to go
to the studio and record it and that
takes hours and then wait till the
producer sends the audio clip back over
so I can fill my music video part where
I dance around and I'll sing it or
whatever and then have to bring it to my
computer and edit it all together and
put in subtitles what takes forever so I
was like is mystic really worth my time
no this duty is irrelevant this dude
does not deserve a dish track but you
can get a slideshow though oh my god
so yeah moral of the story do not DM
anyone hey do not DM anyone anything
just don't do you have anyone appeared
or they will literally roast you and
blow it out of proportion but yeah guys
if you guys made it to the end thank you
so much for watching another video if
you guys can slap the like but do not
forget also I just want to say thank you
so much for all the support I've been
getting I don't think I've sat down and
just said thank you in a while so just
for the next minute or two as I know I
joke around a lot and make skits and
just I just constantly cracking jokes
right but for the next minute can we
just be serious right alright so when
I'm making a video
I think if idea and I record it I add it
and then I upload right and as soon as I
upload I'm thinking of another idea and
then I do the same thing record edit you
know whatever so it's like a cycle and
that cycle has been going on for the
past like six seven months and you just
really don't realize how big you're
getting because you're constantly
working right well this weekend I
literally step like VidCon is indoors
like everything is inside right I spent
foot in the area and I just get swarmed
with just supporters that just want
pictures with me and that's really so
awesome it's just crazy that we started
out doing this for fun I still do it for
fun and yeah man I just haven't said
thank you in a while I want you guys to
know that I will not take this for
granted and I will continue and
hopefully you continue to watch and I
will continue to make you guys laugh and
not disappoint you guys but yeah man
this just just want to get that off my
chest because I felt like I haven't said
thank you in a while but yeah guys is
gonna wrap it up
your opinions on the video subscribe if
you are new and mystic here is an L and
I will see you guys next time
