hey guys it's me again so about two
weeks ago the strobe light neon christed
hancher right she's like famous for
being good at lip synching I got brought
in in London
Shizuka being the face pretty colors and
stones in the mix in the game
legacies from waste even like a pen
well two weeks ago she was live
streaming issue was talking about me I
think he is immature and he's like what
20 he's like what 20 and he roasts uh
thirteen year olds so yeah I felt really
disrespected so I fired back with a dish
trekking I thought was all over now cuz
I sent my opinions she sent her opinions
and I thought I was all over but no man
three days ago she went on her life she
with her boyfriend and they were talking
even more shit about me like oh my god
you got me no way I do dang it I wasn't
aware so I'll also go on to the fact
about how we just his style when she
wasn't even wearing his shirt here's why
his red shirt and said his neck is
really long like a dress but like let's
compare his neck isn't that long is is
posing really good what are you
important oh yeah you want to go see
tomorrow I love I went I homeless so
many call me also going around it is
eyebrows if you've noticed is kinda is
in a coma friend so we all you always
looks angry because our girls are just
like this also looks like a scrawny
character like a scorned e-version
character from Dragon Ball Z hold up
kind of off topic but this is a live
stream where people can also chat and
stuff and interact with her and look at
what they're asking her to do they're
all saying kiss like who is her audience
fucking horny 13 year olds wanna be Jack
Fong she says I have nothing else to say
so we quotes it doesn't have anything
else to say about me so I'm going to
roast your boyfriend that's slow so to
enough my rose I will say I have nothing
else to say
so I almost your girlfriend oh wait you
don't have one what why would she say
that what the dude you just grab the mic
dude wait dude
YouTube just added some new rules
deliberately posting content in order to
have milli eight someone making hurtful
and negative comments videos about
another person inside me until harassed
other users are creators
I was gonna Rose you you but you do
change their rules now I can't even Rose
you you I'm I have to let this slide
yeah but you're being really mean really
mean you hurt my feelings and I've been
thinking so much that I borrow sir
anyways I say
Kristen and her long neck boyfriend dude
stop just stop
it over we can't roast anymore look at
them with the rules all right just stop
it I'm not I definitely get banned
yeah guys man cyberbullying is a real
thing man you can't just close your eyes
nowadays man you know there's so much
bullies out there so much harassment so
that's why I got a spread positivity at
all times
let's get it Briscoe Briscoe your voice
is not annoying and you look great
without makeup
your boyfriend neck is short man I hope
y'all never break up goals sorry for
insulting I know music Lee's our heart I
didn't see your talent because it is off
the charts so I saw you roasting me and
everything you said was clever clever
everything that I do you could probably
do it a better better not a little girl
you're 17 which makes you grow you are
unexampled of what all kids should have
phones pop rock your boyfriend does have
eyebrows I don't know what I was saying
out of all the lip singers I think you
are my favorite but once said I look
like Jack Frost and I'm scrawny I agree
that's me
keep grinding and one day you will be
bigger than me way bigger
sorry hours while you're not a Kylie
Jenner wannabe hey YouTube does this all
fit the policy yeah yeah guys man spread
positivity man no more negativity no
more bullying swag swag positive but yet
guys is going to wrap it up I'm not sure
if you guys know this but according to
my clock today is opposite day but yeah
before I talk about the new YouTube
rules or whatever I just want to say
thank you so much if you made it to the
end if you can take two seconds out of
your day to like the video call me your
pings I read those comments and
subscribe it would be much appreciated
and you don't want to miss out on an
upload right
