oh hey what's up guys you guys are
wondering risk-aware did you do get this
random cake well I'm in quite a bit of
drama right now I'm going to predict of
it there two days ago I made a video
talking about a 10 year old girl she was
wearing makeup taking selfies like
poking her butt out a lot of makeup ten
years old man so I made a video I wasn't
being mean I was just saying I know she
should have a photo shoot on Instagram
whatever and a lot of you thought I was
funny and counted 100,000 likes in like
three hours crazy shit you know a lot
well that was funny except for two
people man the mom and the dad 30
minutes after I posted the video the dad
well Instagram and posted this and I
can't say his name or anything but he is
a celebrity my last dog got taken down
for copyright reasons which makes no
sense are just playing safe and say
nobody's name but the dad said this lame
is I'll take the biggest fucking out in
history
I'll make sure that videotape is we can
post it on his YouTube anyway no
weather's kind of foul and please the
oven this dude really asked me as far as
where I live so he can come to my house
and beat my ass look he said he's gonna
give me the biggest fucking Ellen I
won't take any elves man but yeah how so
he says that he spells health I'm wrong
with what the heck but yeah ten minutes
later he changed the Instagram post and
he says see you in Vegas at Rice what
the fuck what is the what's been of my
address oh who looks this sloppy but
yeah man she's on his way to Vegas he
has my address so we never ever lose
made eye contact or like
we're out of here so we're here at this
cave right now so let me show you around
all right
so over here we have our food supply
it's actually jt3 overweighting slightly
low on resources last night was probably
the horrors that ever lived
me after were forced to a hunt a little
bit but you know it admitted this is the
life I asked for
anyways let's just carry on over here we
have the month I've been sleeping in oh
it's so great
let me show you how it works over here
here just just just leave like this up
honestly an afro which is I love what
he's been taking one for the team
Yeow yes I'm carrying on we have oh this
is where we've been kind of peeing past
couple days chilly I can kind of show
you how it's done sand get one of these
balls and you just up and you just kind
of stick it in there and you just yeah
so I'm gonna see how God fucking shit
oh my god dude the ball of the girl also
tweeted at me the mom tweets at me
saying you now have a devastated tendril
to his being brutally attacked there are
no hassles in Hollywood for you to shit
on okay man if you've seen the video
guys I wasn't even mean all I said was a
tendril should not wear that much makeup
and a tendril should not have instagram
that's all I said she did tweet at me
again saying so awesome all your fans
are telling a ten-year-old to drink
bleach and threaten her life awesome
blog Rob great work I did not want to
tell anyone to do that I do not condone
that Naver I can't control them they're
savages man but I do not condone it and
on top of that that just proves my point
that April is not ready for the internet
man tendril should not be exposed to
that so if you didn't have an Instagram
this would never have happened and then
she adds with wow you just roasted my
ten-year-old daughter on your pathetic
Channel all right listen you can call me
all these mean names you want but do not
call my channel and my viewers but then
if you fucking a bitch your relax relax
all right
my school
well anyway that is going to wrap it up
thank you so much if you watch the whole
entire video yes it's been a pretty
shitty week I really work so hard on my
last video and gets taken down for no
reason man literally YouTube is a place
to share opinions man whether it's
popular opinion or not popular pain it
doesn't really know what are you doing
whether it's a popular pain or not
YouTube is a place to just share ideas
and how they're censoring my opinions
about a ten year old girl that shouldn't
wear makeup and yeah like risco why are
you where Y worrying about a 10 year old
and shit like that watch the video it's
I wasn't even being mean at all I was
more like talking about like why did the
parents let this happen more than like
me roasting the girl in like because
she's 10 or whatever Joe what the fuck
dude you should go dude I just drink
your fucking piss ahh do you drink
Gatorade what do you really know guys I
think I thought up is that rice Cup
oh my god I found that's my stuff
