hey guys it's me again so my last video
got quite a bit of dislikes and I can't
really blame you guys for because I
probably should have just play the
situation a little bit better so if you
guys haven't heard by now me and Jakob
Satori has made a video together right
we sat down and film some funny stuff
which I thought turned out pretty good
but everyone's like oh I got arrested
were so fake I thought you guys hated
each other and all this other stuff and
basically the reasoning behind our
collab video was kind of like I just
thought it was weird that like I'm 19
and I was actually beefing like actually
having some conflicts with a 13 year old
and I just thought it was like kind of
lame so I just decided to squash it but
yeah I guess me and Jacob are kind of
cool now and you know Jacob was actually
the face of that these kids must be soft
the movement and since we're friends now
I mean I gotta find someone else
so yeah the past couple days I've been
on the hunt trying to find more cringy
kids to stop you know trying to help the
Internet right but I'm at this dead-end
because I can't find anyone and I think
I'm actually falling oh my god bro hello
I'm filming over here you're gonna want
to see this
do grab the cameraman yo what is up guys
report rice go back for another video
the other day I was on Instagram and I
came across this girl's page right tell
me how old you think she is your pot I
got 1213 no this grooc is 10 years old
what they just keep getting younger and
younger so yeah I thought she had some
very interesting things on her Instagram
page so today we'll be going through
them let's begin
so first picture we're going to look at
is this one and this was from two weeks
ago and yeah she's wearing quite a bit
of makeup for her age but what a focus
on the captor she said thanks for coming
everyone for coming to my bday as in her
birthday kind of like just happened
which means like she just hurt ten which
means that all these pictures about to
show you is basically when she was nine
bored
alright where do I begin man why she
looks so old in this picture and first
up how is she born so what so she's 10
which means she's in fourth grade and
when I was in fourth grade my resources
word my imagination action figures
pokemon cards and she has an iPhone 6s
plus she can basically do anything she
wants so here's a family picture and if
you zoom in on her face what the is
that a nose ring why does she have a
nose ring stop eating me these cute
little pigs have to leave this world
every hour sadly these pigs have
families just like you close your eyes
if you eat meat and think if you would
like it if someone took one of your
family members into a truck in cage and
then set it up to have it
poor little pigs don't deserve this it
is not fair as I'm writing this I'm
crying my heart out
um all right man I get it man you know
pigs and animals are queuing I don't
want to kill them they're cute animals
but don't tell people how to live their
lives all right man
meat is so good I'm never going
vegetarian on top of that and whatever
picture she's wearing a fur coat and I
hope she understands that like an animal
was probably killed to make that coat
and again with the makeup like why is
she wearing so much mitt well lucky she
got to be ariana grande movies photo
shoots going to bed shopping driving to
eat in Laguna going out with my friends
going to a show clothing shopping
leaving to eat driving to a book signing
driving to Calabasas good morning going
to en shop alright I feel like she's
going everywhere but school me and Jonah
Hill had one of the best days watching
22 Jump Street when is that movie
written or dude you have to be 18 or
older who let her in so take a look at
these two pictures and I'm just like wow
they grow up so fast already learning
how to you know arch their back a little
bit you know kind of poke out the behind
area I love you so much Keanu you have
always been there for me when I need you
stayed with me when it was scary outside
and there is wolf and no lights when
there is no one there for me you are
there if I have sad you make me laugh
shout out to Kiana
you are my BFF love you she's typing as
if she's like 10 or something oh my god
what she met with Khalifa wait why does
it look like Wiz Khalifa passes a blunt
at my house with my friends just playing
with makeup huh so nowadays kids are
just playing with makeup and um I don't
want to be a snitch but the number one
rule on Instagram is you must be 13
years old to use it and I don't think
she's 13 but I want to be a snitch
though like I'm just saying but yeah
guys this girl has to pretend
the next Jacob Mann she's really young
and does some very boring life things
and I think she's going to be big in the
future so I was like you know what let
me be the first one to roast alright
anyways these guys did enjoy make sure
you guys slept like but do not forget it
is summer now so just expect like 6
uploads a week I'm dropping bakers every
day type stuff just be ready but if you
guys enjoy us subscribe there's more
where that came from and comment your
opinions on the whole situation I don't
really want you guys the thing I'm
hating on her she is 10 years old by the
way I don't really want me to like bully
her or whatever but it's just like kind
of weird actually like we were putting
on makeup but yeah honestly she could do
whatever she wants she has an amazing
life I'm better than my life ten years
old shopping and meeting
celebrities right but once again just my
opinions but thank you so much if you
made it to the end thank you so much for
2.1 male hopefully to see you back here
again more videos to come and I will see
you guys next time
