oh my oh my god we need to think of
something crazy to do our man throw some
ideas at me alright
2 million subscriber sky diving special
everyone does that all right how about
tattooing 2 million on your forehead
okay okay that's more like it
all right all right I last one how about
me never mind
but what tell me no no man it's it's
nothing bro - spit it out all right how
about we go and meet Jacob whoa that's
some crazy talk
let's do it
what are you doing
I'm packing well about that I only got
one ticket my role model in this body
door it will be honorable so we just
landed about to see Jacob boys
where's chica
and you can tell your friends be to get
ready my sweater yeah yeah and you can
tell your friend whoa whoa wait whoa
whoa whoa cut the track cut the track
wise wise rice come here yo yo get him
out get my food I'm here to interview
you bro I can't right now I'm making
bangers dude please just for a little
bit all right fine one minute I'm just
gonna get the microphone or just go
straight into a nice mic yeah yeah it's
a good one that's good all right so a
first question we have for mr. Jacob um
how did you feel when rice gum said your
fans are leno kids under the age of 12
tell me why your ears make you look like
an elf I'm obviously not a big fan of
the question um and I know it's not true
it's not obvious it's not true obviously
it's not true I couldn't want you to
like to run me through Kylie what was
going through your brain at this time I
was kind of happening I mean in this
video well just go right now hurry along
dude
yes yeah oh my god well I mean obviously
I was reaching down to tie my shoes and
then she just jumped on my back she did
that it's hard to tie your shoes when
someone's jumping on your back she did
that though how you weren't expecting it
as she just attacked you I was just
trying to tie my shoes exactly now we
know all right so this is a lyric from
one of your songs that you wrote and I
was just kind of wondering what you
meant when you said
exactly what I wanna do is more than
just this what exactly do you mean when
you said like more than just this like
what is just this and why do you want to
do more of it like what security you
want IRS oh yeah I don't want any others
I just want to know what floor does it
what you guys what be potatoes lots more
you crusty see more than just one thank
you so much if you made it to the end if
you guys did enjoy make sure you slap
that like button comment if you are new
subscribe we actually made a video on
Jacob shallots and a super highly
produce there and they can literally
skin exactly it took us like two days if
you guys have check it out and so thank
you guys so much and it just really
could have the best friends best friends
best friends
peace
I hate don't talk to me never rub
battlin do not her that I Devi was vote
tweeted out and I'm watching it
