Oh what is up everybody how are you guys
doing this is three days in a row I'm
glad you're back I missed your face but
yesterday I was just chillin minding my
own business and I randomly got to be
talked about I'm actually disgusted that
Shane Dawson is being accused of being a
pedo when people like rice know we're
out there people like rice don't I don't
know what that means
I haven't even done anything bad lately
after I saw that tweet you know I just
mind my own business went on with my day
and then I randomly saw Shane Dawson
start trending like everyone started
talking about this guy he was the hot
topic yesterday and apparently he's like
a panel or something I don't even know I
haven't seen anything about this so you
know I can't say anything but I shamed
us it is really really underrated I feel
like people are on something about Logan
Jake rice Gump you if I gave so much
views but this Shane Dawson has been
getting millions of views for like ten
years plus now he's still get millions
of views and as a convict render man I
know how hard it is to get news so I
respect that the years and years of just
views you know I haven't even watched as
bins I don't even know if they're good
or bad but getting views I respect that
but yeah there's like this whole exposed
video that everyone's talking about I
haven't even seen it yet so let's just
see if Shane Dawson absolute a fox Shane
Dawson made some disturbing remarks on
his podcast listen closely
wait a minute that girl looks awfully
familiar like really really familiar
tell me how old do you think she is your
polygon 1213 no this grooc is 10 years
old oh yeah I rested her and the thing
is her dad is actually famous celebrity
and he saw me roast her and he got
really mad at me so I'm visiting keep
this girl's name out of my mouth the
whole video you know I mean I have a
long life ahead of me I'm really not
trying to get into any problems the
six-year-old girl goes um oh how many
followers do you have I have a hundred
and twenty-five thousand no she has a
lot of almost as big as mine really and
I said okay a little big dick why do you
have so many followers and she goes oh
I'm a cheerleader and I'm like oh really
and she shows me her instagrams which
are like first of all I don't know if
I'm
she's like a sexy yes okay you guys know
that me where the dudes like like that
blinking face like I go with this girl's
Instagram
my thoughts are this girl is too young
to use the internet why does she have a
phone you know these are my thoughts
this girl man on the other hand he has
other thoughts
he thinks she's sexy he thinks the
six-year-old I know listen we talked
about pedophilia shame like do not say
this and do like I don't want to talk
about it like you will get arrested and
it's so disturbing and like I just
pretend that he doesn't know let me
explain let me know Wayne here's my
justification for pedophilia this real
words coming out of this guy's mouth
here is my justification for pedophilia
as if he's gonna sit here and explain to
us why it's okay okay just a fine ass
man let us know you know tell us why is
it okay people have foot fetishes people
have fetishes about you know everything
fine everybody do you think okay you
know that actually makes sense know
people like certain things some people
might like horses some people might like
stuff in there but you know everyone has
their own thing I don't want to judge
people me myself I get turned on
different for some reason when I look at
my youtube views and my stats and stuff
like that really turns me on and gets to
be going to a normal person they might
think that's weird to me it's normal
people I actually have a play let's keep
playing it so why is it when somebody
looks at a Google's like naked baby on
Google and York South to it they can get
arrested I don't understand I don't
understand he's busy saying people have
foot fetishes people have this and then
if someone has a baby fetish why are
they going to jail I understand what
maybe because I baby fetish they're
looking at baby pictures is kind of
weird like that's not cool man where's
part of it I actually went to Google and
I'm like oh god I want to see no one
else did I know but I just wanted to see
like okay let me just pretend let me
pretend like I'm a pedophile first let
me pretend I'm a pedophile no as a kid
for 10 I was fireman pretend I was bad
man this dude's over here pretending to
be a pedophile yeah guys I want to see
how it feels to be a killer so I'm gonna
go out and pretend to be a killer and if
I get caught on his tell of mine yeah
like I was just pretending yeah I was
just pretending let me pretend like I'm
so i typed in naked baby first of all
they were sexy
okay back to the Instagram so I look at
this little girl's pictures and she had
makeup on she had her tongue out she was
doing like the peace sign she was doing
a backflip she like honey boo boo boo
she bad
no she was like the skinny little sexy
six year
Vytas is grown man Kim :
official sexy it's someone else fighting
this weirder and by the only one I
believe comes a prime example how easy
it is for the media and the internet to
manipulate people and people that think
of something that is so false you know
I'm saying Shane Dawson actually posted
a video nut baby himself apparently the
guy was trying to expose him was making
the video to make Shane look really bad
because he was leaving our stuff baby
first of all I don't understand why
anybody would be turned on by that
boy that's the first good thing you said
but see when he called the baby sexy
right after he said he was just kidding
but in the xposed video they left that
part out it is long video just
explaining everything this was the only
proof he showed up this is the only
proof we need I mean he's innocent
dude don't ever error on me again what
are you doing okay so he was joking
about the Google baby being sexy or
whatever he was Joe but was he also
joking about this first of all I don't
know if I'm allowed to say this but like
she's like a sexy that was he also drove
it about this so why is it when somebody
looks at a Google's like naked baby on
Google and jerks off to it they can get
arrested I don't understand the reason
this dude sounds like he's seriously he
should approve app or so much guys think
is man I don't think Shane Dawson is a
path I don't think he finds these little
kids attracted all that he does weird
things with kids I don't think he does
that
but these comments were made six years
ago he's 28 right now if I do my math
correctly he's 22
I'm 21 right now and if I was joking
about the things that he was joking like
as of right now
the internet would call me a pedophile
the thing is man I know all this fans
are like - he's just joking it and then
it's like explanation videos like yeah
man is just my type of humor you know I
was just joking around like if I came
out and said a six-year-old was sexy
like frickin weird dude you're freaking
weird but if Shane Dawson does it it's
funny
oh guys he's just joking around he's not
actually serious change Dawson fans be
like let me pretend like I'm a pedophile
first I'm allowed to say this but like
she's make me sick so no joking aside
man the actual point I was trying to
make with this video is like if you ever
hear rumors or stuff on the internet or
headlines and stuff like that
a lot of them are not even truly before
you are so quick to jump on and comment
about it you know and pick a side gather
all the informations first week is
actually Shane Dawson's good friend the
gabbie show came out and said that I hit
her she literally came out I spent at I
obviously did it but everyone jumped on
real quick like oh my god right see the
girl oh my god so I can't know how Shane
feels in this one man this happened to
me where everyone thinks you did
something and you're just like what like
these aren't even the facts right so
change I said I don't even think you're
a pal file I just think you're kind of
weird and strange person I know all of
this fazer to come attack me right so
why you hating on Shane Dawson though
why you ain't no evidence I'm not hang
on how these are just my opinions I was
sorry
I don't find pedophile jokes funny how
I'm fine thinking a six-year-old girl is
sexy funny I just don't think it's funny
guys look you know wrap up this one for
today pretty interesting and strange
video for today I'm sorry but this is
three days in a row tomorrow will be
four days in a row
and then after that would be five days
in a row but I have posted every day I'm
back happy holidays everyone if you guys
mansard and mix you got yourself a life
subscribe during you and drop a comment
I will see you guys tomorrow peace
but when Shannon Dawson doesn't man but
what Shane Dawson doesn't man itself on
this still beat my pocket school
I'm in the hell's bitch my soldiers did
a hundred male
