hey guys it's me again so lately I've
been noticing that there's a lot of
youtubers making roasts videos like 5
months ago I was probably one of the few
YouTube channels to like publicly insult
somebody and make these full-on roasts
and dish track videos but lately I've
been realizing like you know PewDiePie
the biggest youtuber has been roasting
people and faze clan has been like
dropping dish tracks on people and
literally a lot of people are doing it
I'm not trying to say like I started or
like people are copying me I'm just
rying to say like I'm not the only one
anymore like if a hare wants to be like
rice dog was a bully like okay then I
guess we're all bullies then like
literally there's this youtuber named
Casey Neistat and he's like this vlogger
or whatever but he's like really
professional and like he like bleeps out
all of his curse words and stuff and you
would never think he would roast
somebody but he was just roasting in his
last video man what do you do how weird
here NYPD where's the dignity man
there's the lengthiest car I've ever
seen look at this thing
we're just gonna rights okay it's here
take yours dear NYPD what were you
thinking when you bought these things
how is anyone supposed to respect a
police force that drives around in
little go-karts look at this a new pool
dude has no chill and actually one of my
favorite youtubers uh nigga he got made
a video addressing all this roasting
stuff and it matches like tweeting like
snide little passive-aggressive remarks
they're literally calling each other out
there making dedicated vlogs to like
talk crap about each other I've even
seen some youtubers make wraps up on
each other like it's some kind of rap
battling I wonder who he's talking about
anyways in the video healing ended up
roasting himself and like at the end of
it he was like challenging other
youtubers to do the same thing and you
know just roasts themselves and I was
like you know what this is something
prior that I would do so this is the
roaster self challenge
exdeath fond of you are not cool and you
cannot rap when I see your videos I
never laugh look at your hair boy if
Ella trash mask man dirty you should
take a bath dude that shit was weakest
fuck what do you mean why were you going
easy on yourself oh I mean it's just
like it's kind of hard to roast me cuz
like there's not much things you can
roast about like you know I'm kind of
perfect oh boy if you don't get yo yo
chill look I'm going to show you how
it's done
XPath former Bua Bua Giga Higa y'all
never be as big anyway you get lose here
making fun of you do a bootleg nigahiga
yo ever be as big only way you get yours
is making fun of kids who are you trying
to take it easy but I'm not gonna let it
slide it'll be roasting all these imma
show you what it's like then you only
get views using other people's names and
you said my dick was small but you know
that you're the same do you need the
Boyar knows why it always sounds stuffy
and you think that girls like you they
just want you for your money
oh you make me close every time I see
you dance I remember third grade you got
scared and Peter Pan what's up with your
hair man you look like Danny Phantom
sorry but I like what I told you it was
has a making fun of people's necks but
have you seen your own and school you
wear the loser every lunch you sat alone
eyebrows hella bushy a yo nose is how a
wide when Gabby showed issue you get my
room and crust
you always cream peak every time we
playing Halo I agree with Jacob you look
like a sweet potato you a bullet nigga
nigga yo never be as big only way you
get views is making fun of kept you up
fooling nigahiga y'all never buzzed big
only way you get doors is making fun of
kids so as of today I have officially
quitted roasting it's just I've always
thought it was fun and games and I've
always been the roaster I've never been
roasted and how afro gum just made me
felt I just never want to feel that way
again and my Papa told me tree people
how you want to be treated and I just
don't want to feel that way again but
yeah guys I'm gonna take a little break
from this roasting stuff and I hope you
guys understand and I'll see you guys
next time
rice come has a small dick but yeah guys
it's going to wrap it up I'm obviously
not quitting roasting anytime soon but
actually at the end of niggas video he
like called out like five other
youtubers to you know do the same
challenge so I'm gonna call out Jacob
sutorius keemstar Dolan twins
nadeshot and Donald Trump make your
roast vid or whatever makes you guys go
tell them thank you so much for watching
again do not forget to click that like
button and comment I read every single
comment almost at 2 mil subscribers
which I don't even know how so keep
doing what you're doing tell your
friends whatever you're doing tell your
mother make ten thousand accounts I'm
just gonna don't do that but thank you
so much for all the support and I'll see
you guys next time
