so last week I dropped my first-ever
four in one dish track clearly roasted
for youtubers in one video and it turned
out so good they did two million views
in under a week which is absolutely
crazy
so I was like you know what let's give
the people what they want and let's drop
apart too so I hope you guys enjoyed
please don't take this too seriously
we're just having fun out here let's
begin so the first one on the list to
catch the flame that's gotta go is my
name of Nate Gartner he has three
million on Instagram don't know how but
okay but on the video when I was
reacting there Jacobs new song he
actually commented how are you scared
you were going to get copyrighted for
putting Taylor song in your video but
can make a full youtube video with Jacob
song constantly playing get paid to
promote lol ok first off Jacob did not
pay me alright second off is he trying
to call me poor that like I need to do
paid promotions and third off why is
crimson chin trying to call me out on
top of that here are some private dmg
sent to one of his fans but later on the
fans sent those messages to me so are
they really private anyways he said rice
thumb hurts people's images and they
said I asked him about copyright oh I
thought he was trying to call me out for
being a sellout or oh you're getting
paid by Jacob to make a video I thought
he was trying to call me out on my bad
homie on so basically some songs on
YouTube are copyrighted and some songs
aren't right so for instance this song
you can use this some in your next video
if you want to cuz it's not copyrighted
stop asking if I got paid it's really
none of your business like Joe Nick is
taking your chin look like crimson you
have the nerve to walk outside with Big
Easy's once I saw your chin I knew this
shit would be so easy like after this L
yeah you should stop asking questions
chin is so pointy could be used as a
weapon
what are you big for I get a mattress
like d'Oro
career on decline of your chin like
California
okay so on to the next this guy used to
make vines but now he switched over to
making the videos on Facebook for his 7
million fans and I'm just like who the
heck still use this Facebook am i right
but anyways I kind of sneak dissing on
snapchat pigs pigs who are you gonna go
in with bars that is oh I don't even
know the guys name I saw a red videos Oh
God what's his name what's his name I
don't know what his name is
oh my god plays video are you sure are
you sure you want to do this literally
his friends are warning him like are you
sure you want to do this and he's just
not listening I don't even know the guys
name that's all relevant is stop calling
me trash now you bout to get cook up you
know your ass hold when or uses Facebook
your friend said that be quiet yet you
shouldn't just listen next time just
keep your old ass in the kitchen
can't look like a great Marcus all in
the face got a mail but don't get in
like you know I am so why'd you lie
don't call me trash boy you look like a
thumb how am i all relevant two million
six months now you know my name here
that shit is raised um but if you ever
cross me yeah - its race gun
all right so this next guy is also a
sneak dissing on snapchat as you guys
can see he has like a filter on his eyes
and I think he's making fun of my Asian
eyes when I'm not really sure so I
didn't go off on him quite yet cuz I
really do you ever know who you was
right and I found out he's one of these
musically kids this what the fuck this
kid must be stopped but anyways the
other day he posts another snapchat it's
clear that he is sneak dissing my Asian
eyes alright that that's not cool but
wait art he goes overboard with this one
stop clowning my eyes you should know
that's wrong holy yeah you are lucky I
haven't emailed your mom head look like
uh neg you got crooked teeth gotta ask
for permission when you start up your
street life could have been avoided but
you had to be racist at least I'm not
the one who stuck with braces right is
wrong with your gums you should see a
doctor
hope Trump doesn't win her say bye to
your father and the last one to catch
the flame all right this happened live
on TV right TMZ yes
TMZ did a segment where they're reading
people's Instagram comments and they're
reading Rob Kardashian's comment for one
over the other he looks great I'm proud
of him since Kimberly Aguilar they make
a great couple
um I hate rice gum so don't even know
what that means I'm gonna go ahead and
move on it's free I don't even know what
that means don't even know what that
means you don't know who I am I'm the
most liked youtuber yeah all TMZ do is
start up their rumors Oh like I'm on the
yeah your content is poop Brian hi
wasting my time i'ma go whoo
but yeah guys is going to conclude part
two of roasting youtubers if you guys
want to part three and you enjoyed make
sure to comment below and before you
leave make sure you guys thumbs up the
videos that helps out a lot this was
actually the first video of summer 2016
so I'm very excited for the whole summer
I'm just going to be constantly dropping
content so be ready this videos going to
set the mood of what's gonna be like you
know it's going to be hot fire whatever
but if you guys are you make sure you
subscribe we're almost at to melt
somehow I do not know how but new videos
soon have it plugged my Twitter in a
while so there it is please follow you
boy but I will see you guys very soon
and don't roast my gray hair please
