oh darling
Oh
a traveler nation of your host killer
keemstar let's carry into the news for
our first story Rice Gump
has got a new haircut causing fans to
believe that he's going to be a vampire
in the next Twilight even rice gums own
producer known as Alfred gum is taking
shots he tweeted out rice think he cool
with his new haircut but he looked like
a grandpa
what the fuck dude why after always
sneak dissing me dog jaikant aureus is
coming out with a Christmas album think
of satorious is coming out with that
Christmas album and has been leaked on
Twitter today the name of the album is
rude Rolfe the red-nosed lip singer
apparently some of the tracks are jingle
jingle bells please leave me a like on
my Instagram breaking news apparently
rice gum has roasted
Alfre gum back rice gum sang on Twitter
boy at least I'm not rocking 2 inches o
little dig alert
dog that was way too far then do
something about it there's only one way
to sell this bra
so I guess we'll play like that dogs
stop looking at my strength
no I didn't dog you just hard scoped me
Russ we're up right now
oh oh it was just a dream
no thank you so much if you made it at
the end of the video this was actually
my first ever full on skin video and I
like the way it turned out you know I
just realized I'm uploading like this
similar you know style and type of views
every week so I started to switch it up
a little bit and just you know add a
little storyline plot before I talk
about kind of why I dyed my hair this
color I just want to say thank you for
the support if you guys can do me a huge
favor and thumbs up my first-ever skit
and if you want more of this type of
stuff in the future let me know shout
out to the homie cube star for being in
the video and make sure to comment your
opinions on my hair I just want your
honest opinions so why did I dye my hair
right so I literally woke up and I was
like you know what
I kind of want to put some color in my
hair right so I did I went to the salon
I bleached my hair and they put some
color in it and it turned out like this
I looked in a mirror and I was like okay
it's it's pretty sick you know I liked
it and I still like it and I posted a
selfie on Twitter and I was getting
cloud man I was like damn knee fan I
look like a grandpa
just all these funny funny comments
which I think it's funny I'm not fitting
at all and then you know it's just
people were clowning my hair and it
didn't change my opinion oh like I still
think it's double am I gonna die and
again in a couple months why not I'll
probably go back to black but I was born
dyed my hair turned out like this and
that's that but anyway you guys did
enjoy my first ever skin hope you guys
come back for more a new fire upload
comments doing this week or I will be on
the lookout don't hit this
to do again who knows but thank you
commit to the ad and I will see you guys
next time
