hey guys it's me again so I'm pretty
sure you guys notice that a lot of the
people that I've talked about or made
videos about in the past are you know
pretty popular whether you like them or
not they have a huge following and you
guys are probably wondering like damn
does Rice them only get roasted by these
bigger channels well lately I began a
lot of criticism from these smaller
channels and as much as I would love to
make a full video just roasting them I
don't because they prior just doing it
for attention and they would probably
gain more out of it than me but the
other day I woke up and I was like I
don't even care anymore man I'm just
gonna put all the irrelevant people into
one video but I hope you guys enjoy and
this video was inspired by the Dre SNL
skit so the other day a guy that goes by
the name of Sam pepper right he's like a
YouTube prankster or whatever he tweeted
me saying I think rice town is pretty
funny but if he ever did a dish track on
me I'd kill him with the fire ritual
hashtag not even scared then I tweet
back at him saying lol or something and
he says how how funny you're too scared
of becoming hashtag burnt rice and then
the other day I tweet I've been slacking
I need someone to talk some motivation
in me and Sam pepper asked me talking
about time to stop being a bitch
motivating enough
go fuck yourself whoever call me a bitch
you that guy that fell off now you're
here elephant and you trust like you
homeless airline he'll a crash less you
fake all your praise you fell off in a
flash here hold this al I know it's a
big pain full purple hair blue hair
might as well be a rainbow touching girl
dances public then we all know you Hardy
looks like that girl from American
Horror Story bitch
another irrelevant person tweet that me
his name is jay versace at first I had
no idea who he was by apparently he's
big for his vines or whatever he tweeted
saying Ruislip is mad corny lol and then
he follows up by saying there is nothing
you can say about me I can't be roasted
so just save your time and your SD card
storage
stop calling me corny I don't know who
you are verified for no reason and your
nostrils are large why your voice don't
squeaky but you're not even funny
take your ass back to school get a job
or do something I would say you smell
love you were nowhere to fuck up you've
been trying for years and you still at
the bottom I know that you're jealous no
success on your channel yeah you're not
you're so big
look like a shotgun arrow bitch
so this guy is one of Gabby's friend
girl that I just roasted and he was
having like a snapchat right he was like
really upset about the fact that I made
fun of Gabby's nose I wish I saved down
the snapchat which I did it but then he
follows up by tweeting little rice bowl
which that's not my name and I am NOT
little all right so he said little rice
bowl can say what he wants on the
internet but I will fry that rice eat it
and shit all over his channel my name is
not rice bull
stop calling me Dad it's random bitch
now you make it me man you got big-ass
ears and you're tall for no reason all
your vibes are trash and your hairline
receding got mad when I brought up
gabino's probably because it resembles
your road hopefully now you'll stop
talking at Twitter I couldn't take no
help from no a handsome Squidward and
the last one to catch the flame her name
is Christian hancher she makes those
like lip-synch and musically videos and
she's like one of those girls that are
really young but look super old and she
was live streaming and said this about
me what do you think a rice gun I think
he is immature and he's like what 20
he's like what 20 and he roasts 13 year
olds so okay first off I'm 19 but like I
would rather be 90 and act a little bit
childish then be a young girl and wear a
push-up bra and a ton of makeup but
that's none of my business anyways she
also said this so there's this guy named
rice come and he's like roasting all the
musically people so I swear to God if he
ever gets the chance to roast me I'll be
coming back for him for revenge so I
swear to God if he even tries I'm not a
girl to me mess blip I will hardcore
roast him so just watch out
you said act my age bitch actor oh oh
you will let her last girl but you act
like you throw take off all that makeup
and go play with some Barbies go through
some chores and stop going to parties
another lip syncher yeah these guys are
annoying I don't know what else to say
so I'm a roaster your boyfriend he got
no eyebrows and a stylish trash with
this long as neck is that boy a giraffe
well yeah guys thank you for watching if
any of the four people that I just
roasted if you're watching this this is
the final message will you ever come at
me cuz you know I went bigger can you
see I posted here chillin with my but
yeah guys it's gonna wrap it up thank
you so much if you made it to the end
and before you leave could you do me a
huge favor and just like the video it
would really just make my day and I
launched my second channel I officially
just uploaded a video like two things
ago so you guys are basically a double
upload but it's on my second channel so
if you really enjoy my content and you
want that next level interaction dude
the second channel is where it's at it's
quality stuff over there
quality stuff over here but go check it
out new video on the second channel and
if you guys that enjoy it there's a lot
of other smaller medium tier YouTube
channels that have been roasting your
Viners whatever so if you want to part
to let me know comment your favorite
part whatever subscribe if you are new
and I will definitely see you guys next
time
