hey guys it's me again and before the
veil stars I just want to say thank you
so much for 1.6 million subscribers
honestly so crazy and I do realize that
every single day I'm just getting more
and more supporters at the same exact
time also gaining more haters and I
haven't made one of these views in a
long time and I just want to show you
guys kind of what I have to go through
on a daily basis when it comes to a so
sit back relax and enjoy another edition
of little girls rose rice gum you need
to check out your life get a life
and set your love trap up boy what's
your crocodile looking hair boy what so
Bert Oreo cookie looking tail boy you
need to shut the Freak up cuz nobody
wants that it is why does she look like
Kevin gates all your fans are under the
age of 12 or something yo G fuck Joe
Cecchini in Lyon but your mouth you're
not even funny you should take some
pills
I'm not even funny I should take some
pills what does that even mean and
before that she was like a rapping in
Chinese sir yo can you translate that it
sums it o yo G fuck yo shit wow that's
just too far certainly and um I'm on the
rice gum YouTube page right now on my TV
and I just have to put my mind into this
I decided to hook my sister up with
spell and start recording and we're
gonna go to town I have no idea what
that girl's saying but do you guys hear
that girl breathing why is the camera
person breathing so loud that's not
healthy um no well is it eighty-year-old
Grabow holding the camera like she needs
a lung implant or something who is
breathing like that I'm right here I'm
not gonna play the video for you
if you see this I know you're going to
do a slide show about it and I see a
slide show I'm getting money cuz you're
gonna be soon hmm
don't even go there bitch I am scared of
you
oh don't freaking dumb your night thing
get a life if you be mean to me I could
call my cousin that's my brother my best
friend and my cousin
he'll beat your ass up even my feel he's
27 and he'll beat your ass up so fuck
you fuck up hmm girl I am not scared of
your cousin Theo whatever they probably
look like this
alright watch your mouth plus the
respect on my name hey guys I'm back
hmm rice gum I want to talk but in per
second
you
okay so this crap about where's this
even much weight did she just mid video
just go to the bathroom
and just start peeling nothing is
happening like Oh next video but all in
all he looks like an Asian so don't
support rice go or I will find her house
I will stop you in the bag okay bye wait
she said all in all he's an Asian so
don't support him but she's gonna stab
you in the back
this bitch is racist and like these are
playing a little 13 year old you know
little 13 year old well you need be
roasted 13 year olds
I'm 14 you can't roast me huh I don't
think so yeah yeah boy you roast me man
imma shoot you up with this mug right
rice gum boy you cannot wrapper crap I
swear my ears were bleeding just boy no
no I just oh my god in that afro that's
your original hairstyle so bye why is
she coming at my cameraman bro and her
oh boy shucks show Larry Fitzgerald
nappy at I'm not an astronomer but
pretty sure the world doesn't revolve
around you also you look like
war for a mom whatever that thing is
it's like snow white or something and
you're so short and I bet you just make
that effects look like you're tall and
you're just like you're like a little
thing you're like that big and realize
that you just use those effects to
stretch yourself out bro you said that
no one was going to find out I was a
midget so as you guys can see these
drills have no chill and they are
honestly so evil but I just gotta keep
pushing through it but anyways if you
guys did enjoy thank you so much for
making it till the end and make sure you
slap the like button if you guys want
more I'm working off some very very
interesting and videos in the future so
coming out very soon coming your pins I
do read every single comment and
subscribe because I would love to see
you back on this channel but me and
Africa are signing out thank you so much
for watching it I will see you guys next
time
