hey guys it's me again and the other day
I was just hanging out on Twitter you
know I was just chillin mindin my own
business right out of nowhere my
followers started linking me this tweet
and it says if your entire channel is
built on that name of other popular
users for clickbait and research ended
results I don't respect your channel and
you'll add this problem like who could
she possibly talking about it doesn't
ring a bell I don't know who she's
talking about well that idea of her
saying hey man just at me next time I'm
pretty sure that T was about me just at
me next time as she said then honestly
that's your own insecurity about it
never assume what someone means my
traits have never been and never will be
directed at a single person you may very
well fall into this category but that
tweet wasn't with you in particular in
mind
right and what she's trying to say is
you know rice double your channel may
fall into category as I don't respect
you but that tweet wasn't about you damn
it guys is pretty clear that the gabbie
show doesn't respect the channel man I
mean she just can't respect our channel
man like what am I gonna do but since
she wants to judge our whole entire
channel based on two things that don't
even matter a title and a thumbnail you
know she said she wants to judge or a
whole entire channel talking about I
don't respect it let's let's take a look
at her channel so apparently she started
out making vines and then she slowly
progressed into YouTube so let's take a
look at some of her vines mommy look at
the ugly lady honey we don't point at
strangers why it's very rude okay she's
ugly okay get your ass kicked by a
stranger on the machine I love running
through black neighborhoods with my
shirt off I'm gonna steal all of your
baby daddies
well those vines were pretty trashed
let's look at her YouTube video now so
on our channel she has two videos called
ask Gabby's and they're basically
question and answers and they've been on
our channel for about a year now and you
know he had to have a decent amount of
views you'll fornicate and 500k and the
other day two months ago she uploads
another as in Gabby and what do you know
700,000 views in two month that's more
than both of the other ones and I wonder
why it has so many views oh maybe
because it says favorite position in bed
wow that's not click baiting at all
actually let's watch this video what's
your favorite position in bed so let me
get this straight you make us sit
through a seven minute video hearing
your annoying as voice just for in the
end to hear a three second clip about
your favorite position but plot twist in
the end you don't even tell us your
favorite position like what's your
favorite position is it doggy style is
it jackhammer another example is in the
video pregnant with the celebrities baby
she talks about her and her celebrity
friend for like 13 minutes and in the
end she's not even pregnant with his
baby and it's like such a misleading
title so all I gotta say is clickbait
and then last but not least she posted a
video called hiking with Justin Bieber
and Kendall Jenner alright let's go back
to her tweet did is she say something
about not respecting channels that use
popular users to clickbait and she just
did that like she's really such a
hypocrite not to mention that story is
probably fake as shit like I don't have
a problem if you click me because
basically everyone does you know some do
it more than others but it's basically
just a part of YouTube but when you see
here and and try to look all cool
talking about I don't have respect for
people that click they when you click me
as much as everybody else like I want to
call you out so since we're ahead of
schedule I might as well just bring this
up there's this guy that goes by the
name of Doc reviews and he basically
exposed their for stealing another
person's joke right take a look at this
it's like Christopher Columbus
came to this land he was like I found
India and they were like no not India he
was like you sure pretty sure it's India
they're like no it's it's not India and
he said India we came here they're like
hi we're like hey you're Indians right
they're like no no this is India right
no it's not at all totally other places
you're not no yeah you're India's India
ah India
so she copies people's jokes work
forward and she's like the biggest
hypocrite ever so if anything we
shouldn't respect her and with that
being said Gaby if you're watching this
next time you say my name
put some respect on it all right I'm
gonna say it no more if my name comes
out your mouth put some respect on it
all right I'm gonna say it no more but
anyways I made you something you had to
stop tweet trying to keep it on the low
like if the fans didn't have me I
wouldn't know I pass you in stuff
because you're struggling to grow I
don't think there's anything bigger than
your nose how'd it get so big can you
please tell us no so long big British
jealous even Pinocchio status up sir
wait is a Gaby or the fruit loop bird
after this
I heard Walmart is employing ears start
bleeding because your voice is so
annoying don't really get why you talk
so loud even Meek Mill said to keep it
down don't think I forgot you got
exposed for a beat unoriginal is still
in Khost so after all that tells us
something you're not entertaining hater
not funny
put some respect stop playing with my
name you talk about clickbait even
though you do the same
you're a fine thing your views are
fuckin track next time have the buzz a
tweet with an app yeah next time have
the Moses we wouldn't have yeah but yeah
I guess if you guys made it to the end
thank you so much I really really
appreciate if you guys can slap that
like when you guys have been going crazy
with that thank you so much for 1.5
million subscribers you guys are awesome
the best cover your opinions and make
sure you let her know that give me some
respect because no one disrespects me
like that anyways you guys enjoy I don't
really appreciate all the spread and get
a recently new video coming soon I hope
to see you back here as soon as possible
but make sure you subscribe comment like
this video and I will see you guys next
time
