hey guys it's me again and well I got
roasted again and I'm just wondering
like why do people keep testing me so
there's this guy that goes by the name
of Carter Reynolds right now he's pretty
big on social media been around for a
while now and you know he was live
streaming like the other day and he said
this about me
rice gone please roast me please that
would be amazing I would love to watch
that he's scared that he wouldn't the
face you make when you know you just
fucked up so originally I wasn't even
planning on making a video but just the
fact that he said I wouldn't do
something makes me want to do it even
more like he's like hell yeah you won't
you know do this than that like it just
makes me want to do it and he says I'm
scared and like what exactly am I scared
of because like is it him cuz like why
would I be scared of him I mean I just
don't get it but anyways he kept
live-streaming him and his friend said
this about me rice um is the most
annoying person on the internet like the
most annoying Internet person on the
Internet
the most annoying Internet yeah like
there's annoying people are we internet
but they're not internet people like
he's an Internet person that's just
annoying his fuck like he's not seems
like he does a lot of research on people
and shit because he seems to go deep
down to people's past and shit so that's
kind of weird but yeah I don't I don't
know I don't I don't fuck with out he
brings up the past - it's like oh like
he doesn't he like alright people change
like so apparently all I do is just
bring up people's past and I know people
change over time but you know I'm such a
bad person where I just bring up
people's past it
I was just wondering like is this too
much in the past like is this from too
long ago you posted this picture on
Instagram yesterday of your new tattoo
right and I a cool tattoo whatever I
wait that shit looks awfully similar
right tell me why
Keele ollie on March of 8th 2014 said no
meaning hurts like hell yeah haha no
start behind it just thought it looked
neat right and look at this tattoo from
two years ago
boy way so you're telling me that Carter
got another man's tattoo another man's
like a body our symbol whatever on
himself for the rest of his life oh
that's an automatic l but yeah obviously
not scared of them but like I really
don't know I'm that much you know he's
kind of irrelevant but in order for me
to roast them I kinda have to do my
research so let's do some research
Oh
so I can't such an inclusion that he
wears fake gold makes the same face in
every picture always has a hat on cuz
I'm out blaming them you know his hair
isn't amazing like mine's but anyways
and he makes music which I want to even
consider but like what it is this even
music
why is he whispering way so he makes
music and I make music so yo afro gum
you want to make a song
fell off you're irrelevant running out
of money don't try to flex fake gold sit
around your neck get on Gant weeds
coming from your ex career going in
Reverse here's another L at it to the
first all these Elle's like you gotta
curse watch the man it gotta hurt ya you
watching you fall like Niagara when you
got kicked outta madcon and part of the
group like Alaska Ben had an L but I'll
add one I have careers you had one I
hate the Carter especially that's why
your ex is obsessed with me boy you
should not know that mess with me all
your chance bacon your neck is green
Asian but you are not like me boy you is
short you as five three you're a
disgrace to the Chinese your Skechers of
Nike I hate the goofy especially tell
your friend and not mention me they
gotta go
they gotta go they said I'm scared but I
never was about to do what you never
done lately I swear you are my son were
Asian but I am the better one yeah yeah
were Asians but I am the better one
nations that I am the better one what
what happened
wait he's Asian yeah do we have to stop
this yellow on yellow violence man like
he's one of us like we can't roast our
own kind
Papa taught us better than that a but
dude I wasn't even done I have any more
verses off but you know who's next right
yeah ranges but I have the better one
yeah
we're aging but I am the better one
Asians that I am the better one but yeah
guys is going to conclude the video you
know I went easy on a fellow Asian but
if you guys made it to the end thank you
so much and I really don't know why he
said I was like scared because like what
having ever showed like me being scared
all my shit like never so why would you
think I would be I just don't get it
and how I brought the past you know the
whole video I did not bring up his past
in any way I could have had easily but I
did it right but if you guys enjoyed the
video make sure you guys come back for
more and I don't want to ask for too
much is this too much of a favor to ask
for you guys but could you please like
the video I mean is this - I don't know
if it's - look if you guys can't like
the video comment I read every snow
comment and subscribe if you haven't
already I'll be back very soon
thank you for almost a quarter recently
I'm so grateful for you guys
and I will continue to drop videos and
song and tell your friends about me okay
cool bye guys
