so the other day I was watching my
latest video cuz you know what else is
there to watch you know I was having a I
was having a really good time right I
was enjoying it and you know I slowly
scroll down to the comment section and I
run into this comment why does he have
the same shirt as Jacob I had no idea so
I immediately went to Jacobs Instagram
and what you know man we have the same
exact shirt on man this Thrasher tie-dye
shirt right but not in one picture not
in two but three of them right so I
immediately take it off and set that
 on fire so I get back to my
computer and I still had his Instagram
open right and according to this post he
has a new song out when you wake up in
the morning
but that was just a preview and if you
want the full verse you had to buy it on
iTunes that like does this kid think
money grows on trees or something so I
had to pull some strings so I start
hacking away you know beat BOTS better
big about up being a better being a pal
I hacked the song got the song for free
so this is the full version rice gum
reaction to jacob Satori's a brand new
song let's get it
Oh
yo wassup yo wassup dude how's it goin
why you acting weird I'm not acting
weird I would this is usually how I act
open up a browser but why there's
nothing going open up a browser okay
click on the browsing history my bad
homie my best I told you man there's
nothing going on but well we bout to
film this new video cuz I have an idea
so basically what is that file I've
never seen that file before open that
file right now but it's nothing instead
of that file right now what the is
that this - bro are you serious dude
it's not that bad dude it's not that bad
dude you're so extra it's not that what
was that Jacobs new song did you
actually think it was good answer the
question yes is that your final answer
wait no can i phone a friend yo leafy
was good you know it sounds have you
heard Jacobs new song yet I actually
haven't seen it yet well go listen to it
right now it's a banger sounds good call
me back in five all right man I'll call
you back
peace all right let's check out this
Jacob satorious
I mean I can't be that bad I mean he has
a go full like it's a full studio dude
it really can't be that bad right I mean
what's the worst that could happen
then this week something
I wonder if he likes it this is because
if you Jacob
this is all because of you sorry about
the column back so what's your final
answer um I like the song I gotta go man
this may be the start of something
he tries to roast me boy you legit look
like a burn sweet potato Oh Coco Co Co
Co Co Co Co Co Co Co Co Co crocodile
crocodile doe doe doe doe doe doe doe
doe doe doe doe doe doe doe but yeah
that's gonna wrap it up I want to say a
couple of things before the vibes first
thing is thank you so much if you made
it to the end of the bill you are
honestly the best if you can't slap that
like button that would be muscly
appreciate it second thing is the whole
vid was kind of like a skit in a way so
it was even really really my reaction to
the song so my honest reaction to the
song is like lyrically it was better
than Tupac and and just this song is
going to go down as a classic one day
and actually this girl said it the best
oh yeah I didn't have to soccer or indie
it was just part of the skit I actually
bought the song it was only a dollar and
since I used like Jacob song as a video
idea I should definitely check it out a
link in the description his iTunes
thingy if you want to buy it
shout to leafy for drinking bleach in
the video alright don't do it at home on
off see it was part of the skit he's a
trained professional but yeah thank you
again subscribe if you haven't already
comment your opinions on Jacob song it's
you the next Justin Beaver who knows let
me know but I will see you guys next
time thank you again for the support and
I am out
