hey guys it's me again and guess what
man I got roasted again like wow look at
this rate we're gonna drop a dish track
every week he can get back at you
workers yeah cuz that's only YouTube
videos he can actually me cuz he just
can't entertain people John him so hey
that was good that's a good he can't
make real YouTube it is
so I uploaded my aerial dish track for a
couple days ago and on that same day
Mario was lashing right and he was not
too happy because they were friends or
whatever and then he was trying to
avenge his fallen friend right so he was
like roasting me and stuff like that
and an aerial calls him right and the
conversation they had you guys did they
hear this like this okay if if none of
us roasted it's none of us say anything
about him what's it what's he gonna be
on YouTube he got a million just for
putting the names in the title re oh
okay we don't think if we don't talk
about it if we don't mention if we don't
say anything about him what's his career
going to be nothing hey that's a pretty
good point but be smart don't mention
him he's not gonna have a career if we
don't say anything Mario I just said to
you if we don't mention him in anything
if we don't talk about him if we don't
mention it
if we don't say his name what's his
career going to be nothing Oh
his career right now is because of us
and the amount of disrespect that I just
witnessed is so crazy like who do these
kids think they are
I'm about to drop the hottest diss track
of 2016
now I'm yo bro stop filming dude
he can't make real YouTube videos
anything if you don't talk about him a
bit on benefit if we don't say his name
what's his career gonna be nothing he
got a million just for putting the names
in Tyler is because so are we gonna
finish filming or knob broke done man
she's right I'm only big because I use
other people's names in my titles like
it's not kind of funny or cuz I work
harder because I'm consistent or I'm
creative right it's not that it's only
cuz I'm talking about bigger people man
I'm not even a real youtuber and like in
the future I might be a nobody you show
your mouth right now I haters gonna hate
words can't bring you down so you're
gonna go over there back to the computer
and do research right prove those kids
wrong that you don't need to make roast
emails to get views do something else do
something that our real youtuber would
do go go to prove them wrong
what does a real youtuber even upload
like am i a fake youtuber then if I'm
not a real one like what am I supposed
to upload to prove that I'm a real one
oh my girlfriend does my makeup have use
is this one have to upload that's some
real youtuber shit I don't even have a
girlfriend dude no excuses come on man
okay okay channel channel oh my god oh
hello um hey um how much you have to pay
you to pretend to be my girlfriend
what oh okay fine hey guys are you a
girlfriend you don't do my make out
today oh do the girlfriend makeup tag uh
let's begin
whoa I look hella different wash is
crazy cut what so it's like this one
time oh my god Wow
I sort of got her down without again how
about to really knock you out
maybe you weren't squinting your eyes
okay well that's how my eyes are
adorable little Adobe races
look at my eyebrows everyone could be
what this shit's fucked up
oh my god this is crazy you like it heck
no heck the right
I told you that it is not one peg
foolish is hello penguin hi guys we just
finished the lucky does you do my
victory so soon I'll see you guys next
time thank you so much and we are out I
don't get the fuck out my house here's
your money got that over with okay let's
see what pranking mom video oh I'm gonna
prank my mom to be a real youtuber
yeah what happened one oh yeah what a
prank
hey supply this is print what do you
mean dude my mom gave me a black eye
keep going okay God stop yelling at me
what is this this dude is just reacting
to my video but he's not doing anything
he's just watching it and he's getting
so much views for just watching my heart
would just do it okay yeah what's up
guys it's your boy rice come back for
another video and today I saw a video of
some guy random guy reacting to one of
my videos and he was just sitting there
you know he's a real youtuber just
sitting there and just watching the
whole entire video and just your
reactant alright so today I'll be
reacting to his reactions to my videos
alright let's go the god of the roast
mr. rice
but yeah guys I guess it's going to wrap
in the video thank you so much if you
made it to the end and basically the
whole point that I'm trying to make is
like I felt really disrespected by what
they said how I'm only big cuz Irish
people are only big because I put people
my title and I worked really hard on my
field I'm very consistent and I think my
shits pretty creative and they're
basically taking it all the way saying I
don't have a million because of this
because of that and I was originally
going to make a diss track it a roast
them like both of them but then that
would prove their point right by me
putting their name when title by name
you roasted them it would prove their
point so I'm basically the exact
opposite where I put you know where
there's no one theme in the title just a
video cuz me doing stupid shit and I had
a lot of fun make into this video too
but I don't know I just really didn't
agree with what they said but I took the
mature route and I did it roast them but
that doesn't mean I'm quitting our guys
in the future if someone if I catch
someone slip and bro like I'm out to
drop something but anyways that's
basically it I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you guys did and made it right
now to the end make sure you guys drop a
like to prove Ariely mario wrong with
that i have supporters it is not just
cuz of what I did I it's because I'm
kind of like just kind of though but
yeah if you guys did enjoy make sure you
guys subscribe comment I read every
single comment and I will see you guys
next time
oh yeah and tell me why I look so cute
with makeup on I'm just guys that's good
anyways if you guys want more I'll see
you guys very soon so don't worry I'll
be back soon
talk to you guys later
