hey guys it's me again and I actually
told myself I was going to slow down all
these dish tracks that you know not drop
up as often because I was getting mad
and too easily and I was like no rice
you need to calm down right but this
person roasted me and it really caught
me off guard like really I just was not
expecting this from this pearlite I just
wasn't expecting it so I'm pretty sure
you guys know who baby Ariela is man if
you don't know she's like the biggest
person on musically an app that I
basically make fun of on my channel I
basically roasted every single person on
that app every single person except for
baby Arielle like cuz you know we've
never had bead she didn't do anything
wrong honestly you know cuz I'll pick on
people randomly right and she actually
liked my village she said this about me
how do you feel that rice gum roasting
you I think he's funny to be honest I
was kidding looks cool and at the time I
saw the clip I was like okay no Arielle
is pretty nice pretty chill girl I guess
I won't roast her and actually it's
funny cuz like two months ago she
exposed my phone number and I really
just let her fly I always held a
friendly bet that I could have really
roasted her I could have really roast
her and make a bomb-ass video but I let
it slide and you know because I spare
her life because we were cool and
literally five days ago after what after
me being nice to her five days ago she
was live-streaming and someone chant hey
erielle uh uh react to rice gums videos
and she opened up a video and was
watching it as she's gonna act all
brand-new like oh and I just watched
this I reacted craziest week of my life
right only million subscribers which is
so crazy and yeah but I was roasting I'm
Jen I'm not sure if you saw that or not
but the kid asked her hey rice cam has a
million and she rolled her eyes like
what like what are you salty
wait first of all no but you're not know
is that it yes that is it that's all no
sad no seriously you're not gonna wanna
get just say that was okay that was so
stupid like ah his roasts I'm serious no
like it needs to like rice come to get
out okay it's late she's so lucky that
kid was holding her back cuz like if
that kid wasn't there she would have
said so many things she were regretted
and I would have used it against her and
it would have been such a better video
but I mean I guess everyone should have
a friend like that guy
but anyways she didn't even say like
that one video was stupid she said all
of my bills are stupid every video that
I've spent hours making you know hours
night staying up late it's freaking 3:00
a.m. right now I'm staying up late
making videos and they're all stupid
Arielle are you serious they're stupid
stupid the bad word anyways I'm getting
way out of control but basically this
next clip about to show you guys
happened earlier today it's still fun
getting else what do you think it is on
- I got $20,000 yeah no I have thirty
thousand comments on it at pictures
what's the height because of him look at
this one yeah I think it's Planet
alright 1919 I'm thirty two thousand of
ll7 that's like it was so funny
fourteen thousand everything just lol
now and in my Twitter notifications like
yeah Kenny said my freaking whole look
uh dude they're everywhere
yeah they were ever on Twitter - I was
like later hey hey I'm paying someone
else so much my youtube channel and like
I clicked with my recent comments and
there was all my comments it so bad they
want to roast rice come yesterday I want
to know a diss track for my stomach it's
funny did you like yours thank you are
you letting that way let's get our reel
- yeah I wanna be
all right looking about rice them what
do you think I might go Mario keys all
right so let me get this straight
first off Oh race comes funny his vids
are entertaining he's a cool guy
right and then literally five days ago
you called my video stupid all my videos
are stupid right and your friend held
you back so if he wasn't there you would
have said way meaner stuff and then
being in the same room as two people I
have roasted before right and then
hearing their conversation about the
aftermath of the dish track in here
about what race dumb squad is capable of
doing
combating elves handing out elves to
people you know and after hearing how
many comments were on their page oh now
I'm funny again but earlier I was stupid
but now bunny no one gets away with this
I no one sits here and disrespects me my
videos and my supporters and calls them
stupid now I'm really mad
I'm sorry REO but I have to do this to
you
let's go was good subdued I think Ariel
just roasted you bro what way Ariel
yeah she roasted me yeah I don't know
bro play the clip I was so stupid
like oz roast rice come took it out bro
she better put some respect on that but
I thought we were cool yeah I don't know
why she did that man I
keh keh on the case you leave my number
but I nicely let it slide you said my
visitors live it but you wash them all
the time you said that they were funny
till i roasted mona lisa if you never
took it out well I guess you're next in
line
people said erielle dissonance roaster
after this dish track your career is
over
i'ma call you Shrek cuz you look like an
ogre heard you got accepted for the next
role as Joker almost out of milli but
you know I hit it first instead of being
online do some tours go to church where
are your parents they need to do their
job how they let you leave the house
dressed like a star you don't have not
telling getting big off musically get a
fever nothing yet is confusing me I know
deep inside yeah this is hurting ya your
name is Harry l but you like Ursula
can you stop it yeah you need to quit it
yeah you need to stop it yeah
you need a quarter yeah next time you
roast me make sure is low-key cuz if I
ever find out you're gonna be salty are
you jealous yeah did you like this dish
yeah you look like a fish yet always
cooking that shit yeah
yeah I guess it's going to wrap in the
veil thank you so much if you made it to
the end as you can see my house really
burned down so I'm at my uncle's house
right now but if you guys did enjoy the
video do me a favor and drop a thumbs up
right now guess I've been killing it
Comair it every single comment subscribe
to the channel if you are new watch my
other stuff and I really don't have to
say this but I'm going to anyways these
videos are just for fun I really don't
care what they say is just for fun oh
yeah guys in one more thing I made a
second channel you guys have NASA Mirai
so I'll make a second channel so I just
did up load that much on here so if you
guys want more rice dub action only for
the real supporters if you want to link
in the description that's my second
channel make sure you subscribe now so
you don't miss anything but yeah that's
my second channel upload stuff I want to
find out what my upload I think I'm
gonna do like vlogs or whatever I don't
know yet but we'll figure it out thank
you for other support on this video and
all my past videos and just in general
1.1 mill thank you for watching and I'll
see you guys next time
