you know what is up guys it's just two
days in a row I told you guys I'm back
but now that is 2018 I start to think
like I don't even need to get into drama
would be a negative person and make
negative videos to even get views you
really want to eat a bullet see like I
don't even need to make fun of kids
anymore and now that I think about it
making fun of kids is so last year like
it's really not even be funny I'm
speaking with loyalty and I'm a youngest
LexA of the century recently this broke
boy named Brice cup rice dum what it is
irrelevant as nation but once this year
just started and I like this little tape
and I'm reaching to all y'all broke gas
Julie public and ass niggas described as
a passive getting really peppy and sassy
with me and I don't have a good feeling
about this let's just see what she has
to say drop the video on me so today we
be reacting to it a shit okay hold on
something is not adding up because
you're telling me this girl is 9 years
old and she's not even do your standard
reaction video because what I'm doing is
your standard reaction video she has a
whole green screen and a reaction video
sampling she's trying to be fancy and
she's making me look bad ok hold on
she's over here trying to make me laugh
a stick for what I was saying if
something's not adding up because you're
telling me this van rule this city here
here's a microphone on her shirt is this
bitch iconic or something I mean she
kinda looks like her but how does a nine
year old film a video put it into her a
computer edit it and put it on YouTube
title and thumbnail I mean if something
isn't adding up because when I was 9
years old
$10,000
hundreds down my wrist $10,000 a nothing
he's broke gasps big okay this dough is
nine years old she has no idea how much
money is actually worth $10,000 there's
quite a bit of money some of that where
didn't even work at as a nine-year-old
to even make that much money she's never
seen that much money in her life in the
hundred that won her wrist why does she
keep saying that it's time to get to the
bottom of this all right I'm currently
slowing it down right now I'm blue right
there yes and clearly see the watch
let's put that image into Google okay
okay the watch is $50 so I don't know
what she's talking about talk about a
hunted down her wrist yep $50 watch so
stop calling people broke I don't know
what she's saying let's carry on
bitch shut the fuck up I'm nine years
old
you look like 21 or some shit and I'm a
scrap your auntie with wait a minute
what does my all you have to do with
this leave her out of this watch you
breathe my audience at this I'll talk
about that what type of insult is this
you like 21 or some shit you can call me
up you have my contact you damned me we
can go get a ride and I'm a smack your
face okay watch it up six - does she
even rich my face she's pile it on top
of that I've been hauling this bag the
whole video it's been bothering me it
pissed me off more than it hurt can you
please just flip your phone because
you're watching the video refer to
harder than we just flip it because the
image would be better you know I'm
saying like just flip your phone the
image would be just bigger legs to just
flip flip your phone that bitch that be
a Gucci bill that'd be my Louie Bell and
that'd be my hon it's out on my wrist
y'all can't afford anything
leggo what can y'all for you well can
y'all afford it's as if she's like
looking down on my bro people and I know
some of my viewers are broken down how
kind of offended like I haven't even
properly roasted her and the way she's
acting I think I'm gonna have to I could
have sworn the hoodie you're wearing you
worried this other video it's like a gap
honey let's actually put it to Google
Tom let's see it is 3495 her over here
flexed on all of us with a 34 $95 hoodie
roasting you for the cost of your honey
I'm like roasting you for your money
management because those Louie billion
Gucci belt those are $500 each right if
you think it would have been smart to
buy like a cheaper belt so you can like
buy more hoodies so you'll have to wear
the same shit every day
are you mean cloaking what who in cloak
gang is actually clout you all broke at
okay bitch you'll be texting your sister
about me that really shows how
irrelevant watch getting your views your
money for this video about me the video
that you made like this video right here
then got more views than your Jake Paul
video bitch you making money off of my
video okay okay okay she's over here
thinking she's fine making the greatest
points in the world only did I go
through that whole rant she just went on
is that Jake is irrelevant like more
people would rather watch me talk about
a random girl then watch me talk about
Jake whoa
like your name is even in the title like
people don't even know who you are so
calm down she's over your dad all worked
up checking up all these stats and stuff
like relax you're making a video on a
nine-year-old you making money off of my
video it's like like will course no one
will tell you where your money bags
we're in like fake ass right showing off
your nine-year-old fan base
yes I thought you were nodding how you
go make fun of your own peoples you're
not speech I'm partially black or feel
like you don't even know anything about
me so why are you just making
assumptions so now you know you can just
shut the fuck up Thanks
okay a substance is actually a pretty
big word for a nine-year-old anyways
she's partially black July I'm nine
years old you're 22 I'm nine years old
I'm nine years old okay stop saying it
stop repeating you're dying okay you
don't care you're telling me I need some
help when you're triple my age and you
make it oh wait a minute wait a minute
tell me what that just looked like a
Maori intro scene I swear man just put a
little text up there so background music
it looks like she's thrown up Maori
intimacy all right hopefully one day
this doesn't actually happen but the way
she's acted she might be on that show
some guys I actually can't fit her voice
anymore so I'm gonna exit out and this
part is actually awkward because at the
end of the video I usually don't give
him the final roaster you know something
but like she's that years old and go
I'll wait till her date gets double
digits because it feels kind of weird to
roast her and I feel like all the things
that she said like I just roasted
herself and all the viewers are gonna
already roast her in the comments so
like I don't even need to do anything
but look guys two days in a row I am
back I miss you guys and I'm sorry if
you guys are never mad at me for not
uploading but like I'm back I'm posting
tomorrow I posted tomorrow tomorrow if
you guys can't if this bill gets more
than two legs I will be really really
happy out of this goal is out of reach
or not but if you guys are new subscribe
come on I read all comments and thank
you guys once again for just being the
best
supporters out there I'll see you guys
tomorrow my pockets full of hundred bill
I'm in the hell's bitch my cell just did
a hunter male
