hey guys it's me again and I hope
everyone's having a good day and if not
then hopefully this volcanic you feel a
little bit better so basically a couple
months ago I made a video called these
couples must be stopped and it literally
did so good you guys seem to love it and
you guys said to do a part two right so
I'm here and they're the mega part to
these couples must be stopped
let's begin so I'm pretty sure you guys
are aware that YouTube is an amazing
place where you can basically watch
anything on YouTube when it comes to
something funny something scary sports
you can listen to music you name it you
can watch anything on YouTube except for
porn right when something is too sexual
YouTube generally takes it down which is
a good thing right but yesterday all
right tell me why I was surfing YouTube
and I came across a video that was
probably the closest thing that isn't
porn and it was the cringes thing and I
don't know why that this was on YouTube
and so basically the video was called
cute couples in love kissing and hugging
a lot relationshipgoals cute couples
2016 right and without further ado let's
just begin alright so as you can see
there's two kids on a bed just making
out in there literally just kissing in
the whole entire video is just them
kissing and making out which I really
don't understand why their pride in high
school still does their parents know but
like why are they doing this and like
they're trying to look cute now doing
this airplane shit and I don't it's just
it's just very uncomfortable to watch
but the thing that I don't understand is
like why is it titled relationshipgoals
because like if I'm a relationship this
is the last thing I want to do like
think about it they're alone on a bed
fully clothed just kissing like I'm
trying to I'm trying to penetrate now
I'm just kidding guys but like what do
you want your goals to be like Hawaii on
the beach holding hands kissing each
other on a cruise ship I don't know
something kind of cooler than
on a bed fully clothed I don't know man
and the worst thing about this whole
thing the worst thing is the original
feel okay so apparently at this view was
a reload but the original video has 6
million abused men who the fuck is
watching this type of shit and don't
even get me started on the comments I
hope I find a perfected couple like you
guys am I the only one who cried because
I know I'm never gonna have this oh I
need something like that I want a
boyfriend so badly and I live in
Australia did you guys fuck afterwards
to enjoy these type of videos you have
to be like so lonely and like so
awkwardly socially awkward where you
can't even get a relationship it's just
I don't know man Piper just honestly
someone that looks like this you guys
are like raised up relax man it's not
that serious but like the video just
started I haven't even got to the bad
part yet at first I thought it was just
a video but it's a genre there's
millions of other kids of other high
schoolers or whatever the case may be
doing the same exact thing make it out
on beds and make it out hearing their
chests and doing all this stuff and this
must stop like I am responsible I need
to stop them because this can lead them
to making you know videos in the future
but on a different website alright first
off how does this have 10 million views
what is this what the what the hell are
they do what are they do what are they
doing are hello I had a record this year
right now uh please kiss some more okay
perfect yep perfect
yes all right here we go about to email
that to their mothers okay okay you guys
aren't cute are you guys play fighting
your house is on fire Oh what is she
doing no don't oh my no don't do it
don't ruin it for me this bitch oh my no
oh oh my paws are you freaking kidding
me right now you guys know that movie
with the dogs where they eating
spaghetti and the dogs accidentally kiss
accidentally kissed and it's all
romantic and cute well this girl just
purposely fed a spaghetti through her
mouth purposely not to mention
not to mention there's no sauce there'd
aint BC just microwave some some pasta
heliplane no seasoning at all ah damn
his neck hella long oh my god
this boy hella skinny wait is that Tate
what is this guy dude that's not even a
fool push that's not even a push-up does
she weigh that oh oh my what though
did he just lick her toes these couples
must be did they look at the title best
couple cute these guys aren't the best
couple he's kissing her Tom please just
just stop what was that oh my god do now
I'm rip wait dude this is actually kind
of cute all relationship oh oh they're
actually kind of cute right now
psych dude the movie is it even playing
look at the screen it's not even moving
they're not watching anything oh you
guys are not slick oh my no what did
what did the teddy bear do to deserve
this
what the fuck what is he doing look at
this guy's fate what is this guy doing
man leave my mans alone oh he's just
this guy just made that I'm speechless
I am honored I've seen it all what the
hell is he cooking dude it's full of
cooking grass wait what why she just
grabbed it
oh she just she just grabbed her titty
what what is this shit this okay this
has to stop
anyways guys as you guys can see these
relationships must be stopped as soon as
possible anyways guys I hope you guys
enjoyed the video wait I think I know
why you made this video is it cuz you're
single so now what the heck okay
anyways if you guys did enjoy the Vicki
way I think I know why so your name on
Twitter is rice next gum so why there an
X in the middle of nowhere is it cause
you miss your ex wait where are you
going we need to film the outro yo bro
don't even worry about it we have a
million subs on YouTube
but yeah guys that's going to conclude
another video if you've made it to the
end dude you are the best and if you--if
you did drop a thumbs up and if you want
another video tomorrow I might work
something on it I might just have to so
thumbs of the video comment your
opinions guys did I overreact or was I
no totally logical and you know like did
I have a point I don't know I just
thought it was a funny video so I made
it thank you again
one last time for a million subscribers
that's so instead I made a million
subscriber video if you haven't seen it
check it out new video tomorrow and I
will see you guys soon thank you ahh
