whoa yo Joe oh my god oh oh my god oh my
god this is emotional hey guys it's me
again and if you couldn't tell by now we
just hit a million subscribers right I
am so grateful and notice how ideas say
I I said we cuz we hit a million
subscribers and I haven't made a
thank-you video ever since my 300k Q&A
which was two months ago and it's crazy
how times have changed so I decided
today to make a little just video to say
thank you know old oh I got roasted four
times this week
got my video ideas got dis tracks got
just bigger videos ready by excited to
pause everything and just just say thank
you cuz it's the least I can do
so before I start my speech and start
tearing up I just wanted to say I
beginning like 40,000 comments on every
video it's getting to the point where
it's hard to interact as much as I want
to with you guys so if you guys want I'm
not sure if you guys use Twitter as much
as I do but I have a Twitter I'm giving
a humongous follow spree on Twitter due
to the fact that I hit a million
subscribers I'm just going to follow
everyone has been supporting me since
the beginning so if you would want to
link everything's in the script
and if not then whatever but let's begin
the speech so let's rewind all the way
back to December and just thinking about
it that was only five months ago and I
remember it like it was yesterday but
five months ago on December I think like
the middle of December I made a video
called these kids must be stopped and at
the time I had like I think my 50,000
subscribers but I made this video and
this single video really just changed my
life not even my youtube career my life
it changed my life and I made this video
you guys went crazy which caused me to
make more videos and I just didn't think
that my opinions on something can
escalate to me making skits and
musically I just didn't know what I was
doing on YouTube and I finally just
ventually figured it out and I just feel
like I took the right steps and I got
really really lucky and you know I got
lucky that I ran into you guys because
you guys really just backed me up like
people were hating on me and you guys
were backing me up like someone in the
comments are about to type in a race
come you picnic blanket your shirt
wearing pussy and you guys are about to
roast him because you guys just backed
me up and that just inspired me to make
more videos and this is just the
beginning and I'm not stopping right so
I just wanted to make a short little
video just thinking guys and I just want
you guys to know that I'm not the
youtuber that just gets big and just
doesn't interact it just doesn't care
about the viewers man I do this for you
guys right is not for me
is not for my pocket it's literally I do
it because it's fun I originally started
out because it was fun and it turned
into something else so new video soon
thank you so much more millions to come
hopefully I do realize that a lot of
youtubers hit a mil hit 2 mil 3 mil and
they just get satisfied and it just
starts slowing down upload once a month
load shitty videos just know that I will
never change and just expect quality
videos just every week like just be
ready man but yeah I just want to say
thank you one last time just wanted to
make a little special video for you guys
um thank you so much special thank you
to my mom and dad for making me and
believing in me and thank you for you
guys for believing in me too and thank
you for what you guys are about to
provide for me in the future I don't
know how to repay you guys like there's
literally no way I can repay you guys so
the least I can do is follow some of you
guys back on instead Twitter if you care
about the type of stuff link in the
description but once again thank you
comment when you joined the team or when
you subscribed so I know who's been
sticking around and stuff like that but
more content to come
this is just the beginning I'm just so
grateful man I'm sorry but I just am and
thank you so much once again but I'll
see you guys tomorrow
I have a fire upload coming soon and you
guys are the best you guys are the best
thank you
