hey guys it's me again and something
happened the other day that really made
me really mad and that's why I'm here
making this video right so basically
about a month ago I made a video called
these kids must be stopped right where I
talk about kids that you know make these
cringy or inappropriate musically as I
just sit here and just critique it and
talk about it right and in the video I
said
hey yo no I can't do this
no tell me why she looks like her shirt
and at the time I had no idea right but
apparently this girl that I just said
look like Mona Lisa she's like really
famous and she has like a million
followers on Instagram a three million
on musically and she's like really
famous you guys are like rice Cup how is
she famous I have no idea who she is
she's basically famous for lip-syncing
but that is besides the point basically
yesterday she tweets at me and keep in
mind that I made this video like over a
month ago
and she finally tweets at me yesterday
say help you out hello because that
roast was kind of dry and she linked
this picture you know trying to be all
smart sassy funny or whatever and if you
guys understand that we busy she's
trying to say that hey rice gum I saw
your video and what you said about me
was was it even funny it was shit it was
dry it was dry and so I'm here to help
you out and roast myself to show you how
to roast cuz you also you don't know how
to do it and you guys know me right like
no one gets away with this shit and no
one disrespects me like that is you
don't sit here talking about it's dry
like God he gave me a special ability
where I can just roast people with it
just you know it's just so talented and
she's gonna sit here and call it dry
like what does that even mean oh it's
just dry what is dry I should put some
water on it it's dry it's dry I should
put someone I should put some water on
it huh is it is this still dry I mean
she does have a point it was kind of dry
bro you can't be serious right now sorry
to break it to you but like that roast
wasn't that good boy just keep recording
alright whatever
anyways no one gets away with this and
I'm sorry but I had to do this
previously on Keeping Up with the rice
go
I don't need even when the night is
going well I got that fire in Mosul I
can't believe you no no no I was just
checking my myspace I saw what you were
doing why would you do that you know I
hate that she want to be like Jacob one
day I didn't want to do this but you
left me no choice
yo howdy is time man turn my headphones
up this might 4th this track so it gotta
be a banger bro it has to be yeah yeah
turn up turn up uh yo start up start up
here we go here we go um
bro bro what what the fuck what is this
shit what is this bro I thought you
wanted to try something new
bro why would you even do this to me bro
that's so disrespectful like how we got
time for this man wait no race I'm sorry
please don't no wait hold of all the
whole
gentle ding time ping ponged way while
ding dong ding - going tong ting ting
way more wing ding ding Tong ting
taunting
no holding them they do this
we back boy let's cool
you
everyone that tried me they caught
inhale hot and now you about to feel
what Taylor fell Taylor found bout to
spit these flames on her right now fam
your talent non-existent like your
eyebrows damp did you play with fire and
they burned off da do they have a switch
and you turned them off
what are your eyebrows oh they start
growing grown if you got talent that
it's not showing up
you're a bootleg erielle you're not as
big you alter every moving copy it copy
it should always be above you should
probably quit probably when how you got
three million for moving your lips
how looking through your Instagram I was
surprised I thought Mona Lisa came back
to life back same pose tongue out trying
to catch some flies I got a question was
this Russo Drive and you always on that
what happened oh that was fire bro I had
like four more verses I was about to go
in on a chill bro relax bro she's only
14 she's like a little girl man you
gotta cool it all you right you right
you right
damn but you know who's next right yeah
let's get it
but yeah guys that's gonna wrap up the
video thank you so much if you made it
to the end and yet I was aware she was
like a 40 year old little girl so I'll
you know and I'll go easy on her you
know be a little cool but area if you're
watching this is it is it still dry
should I keep adding you know water to
it and make it more moist I mean like
what do you want me to do anyways guys
didn't do it I really brought the homie
I resurrected the whole me back to life
like it shows anyway you guys did enjoy
the video make sure you guys drop a like
my last five videos I've been hitting a
hundred thousand likes every video which
I don't know how but keep doing that
shit comment I read every single comment
subscribe and guys we're almost had a
million subscribers I don't know how
I've been doing this for like I don't
even know what this crazy so you know
keep telling your classmates what like
whatever you're doing man tell your
sisters I don't know whatever you're
doing keep doing that but um thank you
for coming back every week and hopefully
you come back next week or actually come
back tomorrow fist is about to be lit
but if you guys did enjoy make sure you
guys did show us some love and I will
see you guys next time
