so if you guys didn't hear Taylor can if
wants to fight me I fist fight me and
you know I'm not the best fighter but
you know I never take L you know I don't
like take it out so I'm gonna hit the
gym me and my trainer are about to uh
get ready cuz I don't take elves
about the rocketship talking that shit
are live bro hello
now I'm really fucking mad first it was
my channel and now he wants to talk a
shit on me buggy oh can you help me
get them both so before I talk about how
Taylor can f wants to fight me or I just
want to say if you haven't seen my last
video you should probably watch or
you'll be really confused about this
whole entire video but basically if
you're too lazy to wash it I'll just
recap it for you basically this guy
named Terra can if got my youtube
channel taken down and I talked about
how sad I was and you know just I was
pretty devastated but I went to the
studio and drops the best dish track of
2016 on this Taylor kid and I'm not sure
if you guys are aware of the aftermath
that this video created alright alright
just crazy literally the first day the
first 24 hours the video was out I got a
hundred thousand likes and then another
thing happened right and then keep in
mind that I did not ask you guys to do
this you guys just went out your way and
did this right if you go on Taylor
connects Instagram literally every
comment was just else you guys we
literally just casually handing him
elves and I didn't as you guys would do
this and you guys just let out your way
I'm so proud of you guys but anyways
besides of that you guys also went on
his music and video and which is
roasting him just cooking them in the
comment section
and it's pretty funny like I just raised
you guys and you guys are growing up so
fast
you guys are roasting people on your own
it anyway is Doug Doug I just want to
say I literally have like the best
supporters in the world thank you for
that and 100,000 likes on the first day
is just incredible and now time for the
juicy stuff so the man the myth the
legend himself Taylor can f sees my
video and here's my dish track and let
me say he's not very happy alright he's
he's furious and really I don't blame
him cuz I kind of said whoa need to keep
a shirt on got nothing to flex how long
does it take for food to travel down
your neck so yeah he's not so happy and
he's pretty angry at this point and the
first thing he does is drop a video on
Twitter I mean here rice gun finally
decides to call me out and there's one
way we can handle this is I was waiting
for this moment cuz his dummy was dumb
enough to give me all of his information
just for a free flight being out
thirteen year old little boys all the
winds in Diego I don't know where the
dude Jackson from I don't know anything
about him
hey looked at it and put that out there
yet but if you don't accept this invite
to meet me one-on-one in LA I will post
all of that just because you want to put
my whole life out that you brought up in
my entire past bro so you got a one-way
flight here when we fly here check your
dreams why is he wearing all Bulls like
he plays for them but like keep in mind
that he uploads this video a like 12 o
clock on a Tuesday like 12:00 a.m. late
at night on a Tuesday so you know damn
well he's not going anywhere he just
wanted to dress up to flex on Twitter
and he actually wore the same exact
outfit in his music video so you know
this is his go to a best outfit ever and
actually I don't even know why he's
using hanging out with 13 year olds as
an insult because this dude I'm not
exaggerating
hangs out with 13 year olds every day
not even exaggerating
Jacob is his best friend anyways back to
the video but actually I had a question
is this considered blackmailing hey put
that out there yet but if you don't
accept this invite to meet me one-on-one
in LA I will post all of that or white
male
anyway so this guy is really this mad
over a diss track that he wants to fly
me out to him so he can fight me and if
I don't he's gonna expose my information
whatever that means right so he's really
this angry he really wants to fight me
so now time for the good part the DM so
he D as me saying we want to get you
another flight but this time instead of
meeting thirteen-year-old boys you can
come and meet me we'll pay for it again
because we know YouTube don't pay very
good boy hello and that EDM is me saying
it was funny but it doesn't help any of
us out bro it's as big as it's gonna get
now what well I would I mean it might
not help you out but it's gonna help me
out though then at this point I was like
you know what I'm bored on a Tuesday
night I'm about to bait him alright I'm
about to play with him a little bit
right so I was like so you want me to
delete it and look what this guy says
man
he says you delete it and act like
nothing happened and I will tweet at you
saying respect whoa and they said I will
never bring anything up you got real
followers bro like a real big future
being funny and you're burning all those
bridges by one video who does this guy
think he is burning what bridge but like
way at first he was like yo mice come
come down here and fight me one-on-one
or I'm expose you and as soon as I'm
like you know what I might delete it
he's like yo bro you got a future you're
funny just delete them like he hella
switched up on me so he was really
trying to kiss my ass so I delete the
video right so I was like no it I got
chill ass man I'm not to leave that shit
and then he deems me saying we don't
play out here I'm not Jacob I'm Tony
with the team who stays with me a team
that stays I am not scared of you and
your team you roll with all their
scrawny white nerds untalented I'm not
scared of you and then I was like you
know what you just said your team isn't
I'd rather not get jumped whatever he
said 1v1 sound like men I'll buy your
flight and I was like dude I live in
Vegas and Vegas and Cali is like right
next to each other so he was like no yes
I can come tonight driving only two
hours like he got so height so right now
this one he's driving to Vegas he's like
so mad so I DMM saying we doing gloves
or just fist and he said fist bro let's
go
address right now I'll come to you right
wait what address right now I'll come to
you he just asked me for my address
which means he doesn't have it so he's
all talk so basically I didn't fly down
there he didn't have an exposed anything
he doesn't have my address or any
information so he's all talk but anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed the video and we
don't play out here I'm not Jacob I'm 20
with the team who stays with me and he
tried to blackmail me and now he's
threatening me way who does this guy
think he is
no one gets away with brainy and black
building race go now I'm really mad look
at this dude look at his hair no but
thank you so much for watching but yeah
guys I guess I'm gonna wrap the video
thank you so much if you made it to the
end and yeah guys I didn't find him
because like I got my YouTube channel
back and I made a roast video on him and
I'm up 100 right now and I'm like a
really peaceful person so there's really
no point of finding him but if I were to
find him the fight would go something
like this man like he would he know get
a couple hits on me with his long ass
neck but all I would have to do is just
hit him in the ribcage dude and it'll be
out cold so that's that but if the fight
does happen which I really doubt but if
it like if he shows up to my house I'm
going to be obligated to fire them
because no one disrespects me like that
now if the fight does happen I'll make
sure to have someone record it I mean
there's no way there's not going to be
someone recorded right like no one's
gonna miss out on this legendary moment
but anyways if you guys did enjoy the
video thank you for making it to the end
I've been just loving making videos
lately so I might upload tomorrow who
knows show some love if you would come
to a fight and support me be my
cheerleader the rice go no but if you
guys can't drop a like that would be
amazing comment and subscribe if you
you I do read every single comment I
messed up the order on that but I will
see you guys ASAP thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys next time
