hey guys it's me again and the story
that about to tell you guys today
actually happened last week it happened
on the 20th of this month and you know
although it was kind of in the past
there's no way I could forget about this
and there's no way that this person is
going to get away with doing this to me
and to us so basically my youtube
channel was taken down and basically all
my videos were deleted my channel was
basically just vanished like everything
all my villains were just not there
anymore
and I found out who was responsible for
doing this
and the person that did this I've never
spoken to all of them no I don't even
know why he did this in any way I've
never roasted affected him in any way
but with that being said I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I really just had
to do this Ellie and then most of my
videos I say oh guys I'm just I'm just
messing around you know I really don't
even care or doors would mean it but in
this video I'm really mad so the other
day I was getting ready for bed right no
I kissed my unicorn goodnight I hop into
bed close my eyes and the second I do
that my phone rings and there's dude by
the name of Taylor pan if internet
sensation no tweets at me saying come to
Six Flags and catch six left hooks for
talking that shit on the Internet see if
your about it in person and at this
point of time I didn't know if he was
serious I didn't know if it was joking
around I really couldn't tell so I tweet
back at him just jokingly like what's up
boy I'm about to put your ass off
world's start once again I don't know if
you were serious or not and at this
moment in time I tweet that tweet my
YouTube channel got deleted like my
channel got taken down all my videos
just weren't there anymore
I don't know what happened I don't know
why this happened and literally two
minutes later this dude really tweets at
me saying don't mess with me and
screenshots me what my channel looks
like it's not like this chat has been
terminated and just all this stuff and
it's just so overwhelming but I didn't
know if it was like a coincidence or if
he really had something to do with my
channel again
take it down I just didn't know and then
a couple minutes later some fangirl
don't even know who this is
I would roast this girl but my veal
would be way too long so anyway she said
but he's mean to my bank Jacob and this
superhero Taylor can f you know
superhero comes out of nowhere says I
know Jacob just told me so I hit up
YouTube and they took care of it so now
it's pretty clear that Taylor can f the
man the myth the legend 2 million
followers on Twitter the internet
sensation himself went out of his way to
get my channel taken down and you would
think that at this moment of time I was
really mad and just angry but
realistically I was more sad than
anything cuz like think about a man like
something I worked so hard for put so
much hours in just gets taken away from
you and just like the ability to make
people laugh every day like thousands of
people laugh every day just gets taken
away from you just like just like that
but the more I lay there I start to
realize like a rice dub why are you
being such a little bitch like dude you
didn't do anything wrong
go eventually get your channel back
which I did because I didn't do anything
wrong but so I got up and I'm like you
know what why am i crying wipe them
tears away let's make the best roast
video of 2016 so I hop into my computer
man and once again I don't know who this
Taylor guy is so I'm doing some research
I'm on Wikipedia l yeah he's internet
sensation whatever you know I'm on
YouTube digging I'm digging deep and
ding ding ding I found some videos of
Taylor and let me tell you man these are
part of the cringy as videos I've seen
in my life what do I look for girls um
big boobs a nice vagina and nice hair oh
who cares about personality or like she
no brains you know she better have a
nice vagina and I found another video
apparently he doesn't like gay people I
just think what they do and how they
make love
what not is just how do I say this is
fucked up it's really fucked up the
disgusting guy on guy especially girl
and girl I can understand it's just
disgusting I mean I came here
girlfriend's been with me I'm gonna go
get mean not the fun girl-on-girl I know
he can understand but you know guy on
guy now that should fuck down just keep
in mind that this guy has two million
followers
anyways I kept digging and I literally
hit the jackpot I struck gold and I
found out that this kid makes music
right now I wouldn't even consider it
music because it's so bad but let's just
call it music right so I listened to his
music for like 5-10 minutes whatever he
has like a couple songs honestly I would
play it for you guys but I don't want to
get copyrighted and I'm doing you guys a
favor trust me but it's just him
auto-tune and him rapping is just it's
so bad like literally I came back to
look at my phone and it's it turned into
a trash can like it was literally it was
the worst thing I've heard in my life
and I also found a clip of him singing
one of his songs before it was like
auto-tuning before it was pitch correct
it got a little shoddy or no way Wes I
can Monte Secret I'll see her next up
next time petal Santa Barbara pull up in
in her bra I think I need it's our home
dripping all this awesome but yeah you
know he makes music and I started
recently making music you know I dropped
two hit singles and you know I gathered
all the information I laid in bed and I
was like you know what I'm about to drop
the hottest dish track of 2016
it's time looked and looking
look at looking rice gum yeah rice gum
yeah rice gum yeah if you don't know the
story yeah I'm here to tell ya Taylor
tried to shut my YouTube down he was
jealous
whoa need to keep her sure I got nothing
to flex how long does it take for food
to travel down your neck wherefrom buys
a tryna rap you should probably go back
start a Lambo you could have paid your
songs to not be trapped like I can for
your talent couldn't find it with a map
or booth I'm still looking Dora where is
it at DJ you wouldn't be there waiting
to give me six gems where I showed up
and you did it I was wondering where you
at where it buy a plane ticket fare
money on a car
your career is kind of fishy and you
look like a shark he'll try to diss me
that's gonna be a maze play how you
twenty but all your friends are in the
fifth grade and like your music yeah my
distance being Flav tricking pictures
with your shirt off showing off your
ribcage yeah you need to eat more men
how often are you eating how you only
torn me and your hairline is receding
one hitting on game is it cuz you're gay
yourself the way you look at Jacob man I
really couldn't tell ya I really
couldn't tell are you gay yourself
because I really couldn't tell but yeah
guys that's going to conclude the video
thank you so much if you made it to the
end means so much to me my last video
has a hundred thousand likes right so
I'm pretty sure we can get that again so
destroy the like button you already know
comment I read every single comment
subscribe if you like my video and you
know I'm gonna be keep dropping these
high quality videos and go watch my
other stuff but anyways thank you for
everything
comment your
follow me on Twitter and I will see you
guys next time
