hey guys it's me again and I you guys
know that me and internet sensation a
hundred role inside be kind of going at
it like you know I would roast him he
would come back and say so stuff about
me and call me a nice bowl and some
other mean names but it was all fun and
games and a couple weeks ago I made a
video about how crazy Hunter's family
was and you know how kind of bizarre
they act and this resulted in their mom
roasting me along turn first um uh yeah
just a little shit sorry I don't sleep
my mom it's disgusting name a kid right
isn't nice Brown is relapse fangirling
in disguise but like in the video I was
kind of fending her saying how the kids
were kind of mean to her and how they
should respect her more and she's gonna
roast me but like okay I guess and then
a couple days ago Hunter was live abroad
casting right and he could have said
anything about me like I wouldn't even
care but he said it in a form of a
freestyle or you know he literally made
a diss track about me alive
and I just watched this car sir please
PLEASE rant about rice gun alright so
I'm gonna start you off slow I'm gonna
show you how I roll
rice calm you a control rice gum hmm
looking like a rice ball hmm you can't
daddy cool hmm but uses a tool hmm I'm
gonna make my rice
I mean raps whoopsies I mean a rice
bubblegum mmm looking like a bum hmm
living with his mom
this is not okay no one does this to me
you can roast me but when you distract
me in rhyme words that's where I draw
the line now I am a mad
let's call rice bowl rice ball but I'll
share tell me mice
whatever you is
subdued subdued yo you know that girl
that sent me that booty peg bro she
wouldn't know no what happened no no no
no no no no what no this can't be
happening no no no no bro
spit it out what happened he dropped the
diss trap no he didn't
no no no gone no he didn't he he
wouldn't do that
yeah God he knows I hate that shit
is it good who's fired oh my god dude
come on come on let me hear it
i'ma show you how I roll
rice calm you a control rice gum mmm
looking like a rice ball hmm he paint
daddy cool mmm but he's just a tool rice
bubblegum hmm
looking like a bum hmm living with his
mom mmm that was fire shut up I know it
was how does he know I live with my mom
how am I supposed to come back after
that
a few moments later oh man
Oh
chill the first time and this ain't no
different I don't take Noelle's yeah
they say I'm winning stuff you look like
a pigeon but that ain't my business you
think you're cool at camp but he's
babysitting hi
I ain't got a lot of year yeah your
mama's bad I don't know what I did to
make you mad you ain't got no manners
don't know how to act I think it's time
for you to have an Asian dad that I was
in her mom's eye until she tried to
roast bootleg Miley Cyrus trying to do
the most he thought she was safe now
she's out of love and she looks a lot
like Donald Duck see you said I spit
better than yo brother does if you don't
like my vids then your mother does huh
you still take baths with a rubber duck
true and your favorite hobby it's the
color styles shall we both spit but it's
not the same I Spit on the track it up
spitting flames you literally spit on
your mother's face that's disgusting man
you should be ashamed you can't go live
until you do your chores
everything's our mom and it's not yours
you say you gain money and you're on
tour is that a world tour or your mom's
tour
but yeah guys I guess that's gonna wrap
it with a video thank you so much if you
made it to the end I really don't have
to say this but I'm going to anyways
because people don't understand but I
really don't care what people say about
me and you really shouldn't take what I
say too seriously because at the end of
the day these videos are just for
entertainment purposes only and they're
just fun to make it fun to watch so
don't take them too seriously advantages
we're like calm down alright but anyways
thank you so much for watching the whole
entire video you are the best
if you did enjoy make sure you guys drop
a like that would mean the world to me I
haven't been posted as much as I want to
so I will most likely post tomorrow back
to back if this video just goes crazy
just so just like the video comment your
opinions and tell me who I should drop a
dish track on next that could be awesome
also so let me know the comments
subscribe if you haven't already we've
been blowing up so thank you so much for
that but I will see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much okay and then there's
my Twitter follow me for some
never-before-seen selfies but thank you
again for watching and I will see you
guys next time hey before this video
starts I just want to say me and Hunter
are now cool your friends we're homies
here shake my head I recorded this video
like a week ago and I didn't want to
waste a perfectly fine video and I also
asked hunter if it's okay if I uploaded
a sitz okay so
