hey guys it's me again and today I'm not
very happy so about two days ago I came
across this post on Twitter and it reads
dinner with Papa tonight he made 12
burgers for all six grandkids and I'm
the only one who showed up loved him
Oh like if you look at this post and
you're not kind of sad like you're like
you're not human but yeah I was pretty
sad because like just look at his face
like he looks kind of sad and that makes
me sad and when he said I'm sad look at
the burger the burger actually looked
really good look you see the meat was
thickly it was it no amateur burger and
don't even forget the fries he really
made fries for his grandkids and they
really didn't like you came prepared he
made two burgers for each kid twelve
burgers for six kids and they just
didn't show up so yeah I tried it it for
like 10 minutes and slowly my sadness
turned to anger because I was like why
did these five grandkids do Papa like
that so I started doing some
investigating right I go on this picture
and the person that originally posted
this picture her name was Kelsey Harmon
so I highlight her last name Harmon and
I go through her whole following like
whoever she was following I went through
everyone and I was trying to find other
people with the last name Harmon and
ding-ding-ding I came across one of
their grandsons
his name was Brock Harmon so I started
going through his tweets and I came
across a tweety keep in mind this tweet
was posted one day before the burger
dinner night whatever right so this dude
Brock tweeted out TopGolf tomorrow night
yeah bish so you're telling me you
curved papa
for golf it wasn't even basketball
it wasn't even football it was golf boy
you're not Tiger Woods eat with Papa but
wait there's more he tweets out guys
don't worry
I came to Papa's house and I'm having a
burger oh oh now you want a burger
now now that Papa's Twitter famous now
you want to hang out now you're hungry
but yesterday you weren't hungry but
today you want a burger it doesn't the
burgers are cold now they're not fresh
anymore
they're cold it's one day old but then I
started thinking like you know what rock
is even that bad because like brought at
least he came through cuz like six
grandkids was invited right the girl
that took the picture brought came the
second day but there's four other
grandkids that are still missing that
still hasn't visited Papa so Brock at
least he came through late at least he
visited right so I mean I gotta kind of
some slack the boat weights I can't
research it and I came across a tweet
that he tweeted three years ago I she
said Kelsey the girl that took the
picture said haha I miss our family
lunches we used to have every Sunday at
Mila's house whoever that is and then
Brock comes out of nowhere and says and
we would always ask that Papa was gonna
be there and if he was we didn't want to
I miss him I'm not sure if you
understood what he said but he just said
he would ask Nima whoever that is
hey is is Papa gonna be there and if
Papa was there he wouldn't show up
what what kind of fiction is this and
now he wants to come eat burgers no you
had your chance
that's our Papa now and no one
disrespects my papa so I'm sorry but I
have to do this to you
anyways papa I'm so sorry you had to go
through this man I felt so bad for you
just in the future just know there's
millions of people that would love the
share burgers with you and if you want
to adopt me you can adopt me but guys
everybody watching I need everyone to
raise their burgers and we're going to
take a bite together in honor of up
but yeah guys I guess that's gonna wrap
it up thank you so much if you made it
to the end drop a like if you enjoyed it
if you would love to share a burger with
Papa drop a like so I know but anyways
comment I read all comments subscribe if
you haven't already I upload pretty
often new video coming soon check out my
other stuff look I got my honey Kay
plaque and I just hit 500k so they're
kind of late but thank you anyway yeah
and one more thing I open up a peel box
like a month ago address is right there
I'm doing a peel bung opening a building
like a week so any last minute boxes
mails whatever drawings candy shirts
whatever you want to send me make sure
to put your Twitter or Instagram or
something so I can hit you up saying
thank you or something but thank you
again for watching and I will see you
guys next time I thank you for all the
support recently you guys are amazing
I'll see you guys next time
