yo what is up guys our boy rice come
back for another video and what I'm
about to say I felt like I would never
say these words in a billion years but
guys we were almost at 500,000
subscribers so thank you so much
but although we have a lot of supporters
I've been running into so many haters
but I go on Twitter
here's I go on MySpace hangers so today
we have to dress the haters man little
girls rose raised on part 4 you guys
really seem to like this series so imma
keep it going let's just begin hey
what's up bitches I'm back with another
youtube video and I just talked about
rice gum that dirty ass crusty ass bitch
ass nigga thinks he's the shit no he
isn't the shit cuz guess why I'm here
I'm Tom today too he ain't shit what is
wrong with your Bugs Bunny needs to
chill out
but did she say the N word bitch ass
nigga yeah that's not okay man her
vocabulary like why does she say the N
word like it was oh but look at that gap
boy what is she okay what hotel is the
head collect hi everybody and I'm not a
race gums porter anymore I thought of my
decisions and um he's horrible first of
all he calls Lauren baby or hell the
Judah story is hunter all those people
mean names like Tyler all those people
they're perfectly fine okay they're
perfectly fine they probably always get
on a roll you didn't when you were in
school cuz you always wanted to play
with pokemon cards you were that kid
that was very awkward and picked his
boogers in class you know wait how does
she know my pants all right I may not
have on a roll but look at this dude
always keep it on me though look at that
look at this man I may not have the best
grades but I came to school every day
look at it it even has my name on it
what's up dawg I got post this poster on
snapchat which I obviously know cuz you
know
he's my BAE I love him and I know
everything so it's the poster in it in
this little corner it says this is rice
cup and it's a sweet potato I know up
inside I was laughing just like that
funny that's true and then so and he's
like oh yeah I see though I lay down one
slide I was like boy shut up
oh shut the front door nigga oh it's
okay it's okay it's not okay whoa she
just said the N word boy shut yo
backyard again hippo big yeah Tyrone
yeah I got this a Bugs Bunny bitch and
this hippopotamus girl and they're
saying the n-word and they're
technically can't say it because they're
white and my viewers are offended so I
need you to take care of them oh okay
okay
yeah so take care of them oh dude thanks
man all right dude you know of course
I'll do your homework for you all right
man thanks dude
all right guys I took care of it so if
you're offended it's okay I got your
back me and Tyrone we got your bag tell
me also why he does these girls must be
stopped is when he's the one that should
be banned from YouTube like your video
suck and um yeah you never match your
outfits like they're totally off-base
all right so she said I don't match my
outfits right keep the outfit black and
white Stu see long sleeve shirt right
come down to the bottom peep the jeans
got these rip black jeans black shirt
you feel me so
matching you threw keys okay and look
you coming out to the bottom some more I
just a black and white vans that are
matching with the black and white Stussy
sure so I don't know what she's saying
about I don't match my outfits but I'm
clearly um I'm clearly matching and you
guys are like alright still white white
all black these girls keep bullying me
online I'm getting emotional I was
kidding anyways I'm loki's what do you
think you're doing I'm just showing them
my outfit you know the rules no shoes in
the house no matter what I know I'm
making a video
stop talking back to me I'm not even
talking back I'm just telling you I
guess girl hates rights go yeah we do
his liver he is he looks like a great
bird potato look like a bird bird potato
making a video because rice cake okay
you're just mad because Jacob
and he has more faith than you and
you're 19 still and in your parents
house you have nothing to do better than
Rosa 13 euro like a place to look at a
life rose up job and guess what you took
not a job
YouTube's not a job wait did I hear that
right
and guess what YouTube's not a job isn't
redundant guys apparently YouTube isn't
a job and wait hold on hold on
hello who is this boy a wrong number
anyways guys YouTube is not a job don't
even like its do something productive
just kidding that was my mama's money
but I just wanted to say this girl right
now is probably so uncomfortable asked
on the ledge about to fall off and shit
I know he's trying to stop every kid in
music green but you know it means a lot
to me if you guys stop and I feel bad
for rice gum doing this and you guys yo
wait like is she really crying man so I
get this young girl why she have a phone
get you emotional it would actually just
say please stop there is no reason why
kid need do stuff like smoking and uh I
don't know what she's saying I don't
know why she's crying
but these drills so extra for no reason
so yeah guys that is gonna wrap up the
video thank you so if you made it to the
end and for error that comments all the
nice stuff it makes me feel a lot better
because some days I read these mean
comments in these mean videos and these
girls that roast really good
and you know it just makes me really sad
it kills my mind but you guys you know
lift my spirits so thank you so much for
watching my videos thank you for the
nice stuff for somehow almost at 500,000
I don't know how but thank you for that
subscribe if you haven't already like
the video that helps out a lot we've
been getting just crazy license all my
videos I have a new video coming out in
like 2 to 3 days and there's a dis song
incorporated into it so it's going to
blow up obviously but that is it for
today's video thank you for watching and
I will see you guys next time
