No what is up everybody how are you
doing I just uploaded five days in a row
I hope you were happy because I'm doing
it for you guys
but lately I've been so positive and
just stayed out of trouble and I hope in
need that they get abused more I don't
mean be roasted people no more don't
over here like changing my ways you know
I'm trying to be positive don't mind my
own business these messages talk about
this youtuber is talking bad talking
dirty about me I don't even know this
guy they started saying if his name's
like thoughts one out at first his name
just doesn't ring a bell and then I will
his channel I'm like wait a minute I
know this guy he's talked about me
before I wanted to somehow bring up hey
I have over a million subs on YouTube
okay random pause but like why would you
bring up your subscriber count to random
people like I'm a youtuber and if I'm
around random people that last thing I
want to tell them is my subscriber count
because one they'll start treating me
differently and to the place they're
asking a lot of questions and I hate
talking to random people anyways so I
went up to a new group of kids and I
said so do you guys watch any YouTube
videos and most of the kids did the same
thing looking at me like I was weird but
one kid said rice gum ah you know okay
what's up kid you said erased of my name
and this man just said you as if it's
like gross or something why did this man
just say you like that like he already
doesn't like me this vid was posted over
a year ago he obviously doesn't like me
already I haven't done anything to this
guy here's actually the story of how I
met Rice gum so I was at VidCon and all
of a sudden a huge crowd of people just
goes running by and I said who's that
and someone else said rice gum and then
I said oh who's that and I didn't really
meet him my friend Gabe did though but
yeah those clubs were filling December
of 2016 so those were over a year ago
and you can tell me what he's talking
about
at the time back then he already didn't
like me and I didn't even do anything to
the kid anyways this guy just dropped a
brekkie we do and apparently in his
beard he's talking bad about me I don't
know you know I've been told this I
would I don't know I want to find out
because
I really hope he does it I really hope
he isn't talking about me because like I
never expect for this guy man you know
nowadays YouTube is all about just
posted videos every day daily daily
daily does this do bonus like a video
every month it really doesn't have whole
quality over quantity of things so you
know I respect that but yeah I think
we're just gonna start as videos where
my god you better not be sneak this to
me hey man have you ever noticed that we
wear the exact same clothes every day we
don't we don't wear any clothes oh hey
guys did you see my brand new Rolex
yo yo two dudes are chillin in a hot tub
random guy pops up that random guy has
black hair supreme shirt a watch and
he's flexing all people I mean it kind
of reminds me of myself it really does I
think it's too soon to assume anything
so we're just gonna keep watch yeah ring
ring hello you'll never believe what
Brian just bought what do you buy a
watch really what a nerd Oh Brian okay
so you're telling me this man is two
feet from his friend but he's gonna call
him up and then he perceived to say that
Brian just bought a brand new watch
other guys know this I know my name is
Bryce but my real-life actual name is
Brian and I just really as a writer and
as like a cartoon no make or whatever
out of all their names you could have
picked you picked Brian that's my name
it's like I'm starting to think he's
talking about me I mean out of all the
games you could expose it kind of been
Nicolas Jimmy I don't know why bright
like I'm pretty sure this guy is talking
about me but I mean I guess it's too
quick to assume like I don't want to
look stupid and assume like it's me
let's keep watching I think even the
super super rich parents should still
make their kids buy their own clothes
because if you just buy your child's
anything they want then they're going to
turn into a whole so just expect
everything without having to work hard
those are the types of kids who grow up
to flex all their money on people oh hey
is that a yellow Lamborghini what this
guy is the artist this guy is the writer
of this whole video not only did this
guy make a character with black hair
that
some people but he names him Brian and
he has a yellow Lamborghini like come on
this guy is talking about me like is
anyone else seeing this like why is this
man just sneak this in me right now I
just don't think it makes a lot of sense
spending that much money on a white
t-shirt with an iron-on logo there's no
material in that shirt that makes it as
expensive as it is you know what I can't
have to agree with this guy on that man
a white shirt with a red rectangle that
is a complete waste of money I'll be
honestly if you're spending money on
that you're kind of stupidly it is a
waste of money
the thing is though where I'm coming
from what I just have money to waste
even if someone is wearing old
hand-me-downs or a really expensive
name-brand t-shirt don't treat people
differently because of their clothing
there's a certain youtuber going around
I'm not gonna say any names but I will
draw pictures I know he's not talking
about me I hope he's not talking about
me the thing is you said there's a
straight youtuber out there I'm really
trying to think cuz I mean I watch you -
who else are you to be flexing or
awareness of who else could he be
possibly talking about like I think it's
safe to assume that this do this talk
about me and I really don't like this
segment because I think he's putting
words in my mouth who's teaching kids
that their value as a person is
correlated to the amount of money they
spend on clothing don't do that I think
this way like clothes does not determine
how cool someone is and just because I
wear a cool clothes I don't think I'm
above anyone else I don't know man
I really don't like how he makes it seem
like if you wear these type of clothing
like these high-end fashion pieces
you're like an automatic douchebag cocky
looking down on people constantly
flexing on people when in reality you
just like fashion I already don't think
about what I'm wearing
that's probably why I'm naked right now
okay that's not entirely true I'm not
just gonna walk outside wearing up I
don't know a pink poncho was that me
pink poncho Joe this be the pink that
was me did you just pop up a picture oh
my god oh my god I knew it the whole
video I'll see you later
this tonight has to talk about me I knew
he was talking about me but I could not
achieve and now what I've jumped to
conclusions but now I know work that
they do with talking about me the
whole video what the hell why can't this
guy just roast me publicly or put me in
the Tyler like tweet at me or so this
kind of gonna literally just be low-key
and sneak diss me with a don't man
if you're watching this man stop hiding
behind her cartoons if your microphone
come out and find me that
youtubers we handle with boxing now
no I'm just kidding guys I've been to
that challenge some wonder where I don't
even know what they look like what if
this guy's some boxing expert like he's
like seven foot tall I don't know
actually let's see what this guy looks
like let me search up a blog actually I
think he's the one in the white shirt ok
he's kind of tall and it's not glad oh
yeah yes oh it finally happened the
moment hug him again though like why do
you have to hug him again this it's just
kind of awkward you know at me all right
look I need you to stick to drawing
cartoons and hugging dudes right I
stopped roasting me don't ever talk
about me ever again
ever just mention my name in a negative
way get three options or an option one
dish option two option three I don't
know what option three is but you have
to watch anyways guys it's a brand new
year I'm a changed man I'm all about
positivity that's why I gave him a
warning all right hopefully he takes
this warning and just goes on with his
life
and never talk again let's go wrap
it up guys thank you so much for your
pants to the end and I'm out of five
days she three guys and I'm getting
tired like uploading every day is
actually harder than you guys think like
people think this dude does YouTube as a
job so his life is so easy like no I
have to stay here make the videos put it
into computer edit like it's hard but
it's okay because about to post better
tomorrow and pick right back up tomorrow
so thank you guys for all support drop a
thumbs up if you're new and subscribe
what are you waiting for
anyways guys stop talking
