la got no snow so we had to bring the
snow to the Shiva Kobe's first first
commercial you guys not only do we get
this go over there but and just get a
bucket at a time come home pour the
bucket back to the mountain another
bucket it took us a while but it got
done in my vids I'm always flexing the
Lambos and stuff but in this vid I got
the best lamb Bobo we got today yo what
is up guys how are you guys doing I know
my Busic videos I guess like what is all
this this is behind the scenes Christmas
I'm not trying to shit man I'm always
here flexing some shit that's not mine I
don't know I just don't guy like that
but the homie blue moon coke I like that
pulled up ok what's that ice so I can
look cool I'm just trying to fit it as
you guys can see it looks like someone
just got done smoking but guys it's not
marijuana
it is a smoke machine ok there we got
the drone going man what's the music
feel without a drone type as you guys
can see above my shoulder you have some
females over there looking badass but
look I'm cold like I'm wearing a hoodie
I'm cold I don't even know how they're
feeling right now I really don't
let's hold that hold on guys what the is
that that's an antenna oh my god having
a great kid
yeah there we go
one of that you get it set up play with
that change save upload that change
somebody like some candy cake I need
more candy Kaitlyn as you guys can see
it is dark very very dark but we're
still at it look at this set is looking
all beautiful all Christmas for you but
look look look look guys my account my
YouTube account
just hit I really a subscribers just
right now I don't know how it did I
don't know when this happened but
there's what I say thank you and just
one more thing
oh shit these are real oh shit
damn yo yo yo yo these was running after
me and they trying to smell me yeah
yo chill yo yo yo y'all need to stop
playing with me yo so apparently this
tree house is it for like actually to
get in it's like look cool so they told
me not to jump around two more for it
might break I don't know what's expected
I've never been in a tree house in my
life oh shit hey bruh how you feel if
you can't call them fuck it's so funny
how the house looks and mad normal and
right here man you can definitely tell
something's going on hey guys this is
for my vlog and I just want to say thank
you for being in the video this shit's
about to pop off I'm going viral eagerly
but thank you guys thank you a Merry
Christmas
happy Valentine's Day Merry Christmas
guys see this new perch I'm feeling if
it's glowing
that means it's working but there's some
next-level stuff and who else in the
first game is doing this if you wear
this to school and it's Christmas - you
might as well tell your mama that shit
I'm the director you know I'm saying at
first she was calling all the shots
blacks and reindeer no just all this
stuff one day like 12 hour notice Oh
Lulu got killded know if you're just
made to the end of this video I just
want to say thank you so much for
actually just watching this but look I
dropped the music view yesterday and I
actually saw a little bit of criticism
and I'm just like yo it's a freaking
Christmas song like what more can you
expect for my youtuber and I even say
I'm an artist I'm gonna fuckin youtuber
make it a Christmas song what more can
you expect you know I'm saying I was
just trying to have like a jolly
positive 5
whatever man but anyways people that did
actually enjoy it actually had the song
I repeat it was actually giving me mad
props Thank You Man thank you thank you
man we did that all in one day it was
crazy but I actually realized that there
were so many reaction channels because I
mean usually it isn't that many you know
I'm saying I guess it's 2018 almost and
everyone's trying to make a youtube come
up but I'm gonna just chop a few these
up just to see you know what the general
reaction of the song would
fuck the cookies you get bills copies
mail if you better give her mark old
repossesses on the North Pole how you
hand me Bardo he's not spoiling the log
rolls
you might go punch these lies and slay
go fight like a client I know this just
what you like took the risk I roll the
dice it like that I stay for the night
and I know this is you've not yo unite
you might go back with his lies
typical coming tonight huffing this
landless ride oh no chic as a thumbs up
because of that bum cheeks
do-don't cheeks give it all true thumbs
up only give a fuck and that fuck is
supreme Louie Vuitton sweaters fire
pretty cool so nice a slap so I can't
even it is you not you you now say you
need fuckin with rise thanks and it'll
come in tonight you might go back to
these lies
