yo what is up guys arborist Oh a back
for another video poker wasn't a good
day cuz if you're not I'm here to change
that but yes there's the other day I was
talking to my friend right as she asked
me rice go why don't you have a
girlfriend and I'll you know what that's
a really good question because besides
for my ugliness there's probably other
reasons why I don't have a girlfriend
right so laying in bed just thinking
about why don't I have a girlfriend
and today in the morning I came across a
couple of videos and I was like you know
what this is exactly why I am single
what why where the fuck am I not good
enough for you why why did you like her
fucking picture why am I not good enough
for you wait you know at first I was
like I thought this guy fucked her mom
or something but all he did was like
another girl's picture why do you like a
picture far back enough the only picture
of her wearing a dress brain to answer
my question today she's wearing a dress
only picture only picture and you went
for weeks back you lied in something you
went under profile like the picture
you went for weeks banging you dude do
she's hurting my man's no but like how
does she know that he liked a picture
like is there an app that tells you but
cuz like I don't think it shows up in
there like you know timeline right I
mean I'm not too aware of Instagram but
but this girl's crazy
oh my god these girls you like a picture
from four weeks back obviously you're
stalking over why do you need to track
everything because all you do is the
other fucking cross when you have a
girlfriend that does everything for you
because you were just like your fucking
father coming from the group wait
you are just like your father she dated
his hit how does she know what his
father's like coming from the girl who
just sends all everybody knew no I used
to that's the thing I used to I used to
send nudes whoa
it just went from like psycho girlfriend
too late well it's just a hell of juicy
out of nowhere hold it I'll be right
back
I needed a snack dude it's getting juicy
don't anymore that's yes thank you
no by Jones do that with my blackberry
yeah okay good
okay BlackBerry's 2016 yeah we didn't
yeah you did guitars it went to Blake oh
my god yeah are you fucking stupid are
you fucking stupid
what do you know how many we were broken
up dumbass okay we were broken up truck
like four days and you fuck and you fuck
somebody like four days out three things
you don't know when that happened
fucking lie about fucking someone else
yeah why is this on YouTube
okay she has something in her hand
two bus windows with she just bust my
window video evidence Terry just keyed
the side of my car I actually just got
painted over because she sighs like
group
sorry just
dude he just almost died and there it is
she has smashed dude why is he so calm
he is almost died did like if it was one
second too late he would have died it or
like got really hurted and he's so calm
about it beautiful he goes Terry right
there she has just knob that's why I
don't have a girlfriend
there are psychos there clingy they'll
break your car out why it's just
unnecessary stress that I don't need
like he just caught on film it like
attempted murder like yeah why'd you
find this one cuz I believe I sunscreen
I guess I do
you know I asked you to ask for that no
I don't want it I'm asking can you
return it music this girl is so
ungrateful man I believe he buys her
these night hold on oh I do find this
ugly yeah so those are like Nike shorts
and nowadays Nike be expensive for no
reason like okay I knew I cut off topic
but I knew Nike was you know overpriced
when they started selling $14 for one
pair of sock if you ever yo if you ever
spend $14 on a pair of socks I literally
feel bad for you man like all right but
it doesn't matter how much like these
pants are it doesn't like it doesn't
matter how much of the perfume is like
even if it was like a dollar she's so
rude she's like she's never say thank
you ungrateful girl if you're watching
take some notes alright if you don't
know how to receive a present this is
how you do it
watch this guy
it's a banana Mike's girlfriend and she
just beat me up cuz I'm gonna be with
her anymore I just caught a police on
his bitch and she outside right now she
just fucking cut me punch me in my nose
with you know where I'm stealing man I
ain't no punk-ass man because I hit her
back
I hit her back she bust my fucking lip
she bust my nose and she cut me and shit
with this um lady shit and she out here
I'm calling the police on you
I'll call the police on you get away
from me get fuck watching this club
bitch you crazy you crazy bitch no you
get in my face you get in my face
fuck you I'll call the police the party
is on this way the police get off the
fucking car oh hey fuckin with you what
is that it it's a fucking cliffhanger
I love you but your life has been taken
over you have an addiction I know that
deep down inside you know what it is I
am sorry for being forced to do this but
I can't live like this what the disco
crazy
we go so unnecessary she could have
easily hit it or like just buried it and
like our sold it like good thing it
wasn't a ps4 but like still like girls
are so extra but yeah guys I guess that
is why I don't have a girlfriend and why
these girlfriends must be stopped those
girls are crazy but anyways I mean like
the main reason why I don't have a
girlfriend is like look at me dude who
would date this guy anyways thank you
road to the video that's another video
you watch like you watch all my videos
you're the best but yeah guys thank you
so much for watching another rice gum
video that's so awesome
I noticed that I posted three videos in
two weeks or like more than two out on
just three videos and - that's so bad
like that's unacceptable I am so sorry
so I want to try something man if this
video gets 24 just randomly just 24,000
likes I will upload again tomorrow back
to back like Drake tomorrow alright
let's see if we can do this shit like
the video comment read every single
comment do my last video got like 40,000
comments and tell me why I read like
most of them so comment I love
interacting with you guys subscribe if
you haven't already and um that's
basically in part one these girlfriends
must be stopped
honestly like those girls have something
wrong with them like or they're just
really in love or they're just crazy I
don't know I know I'm crazy though
because you guys are awesome oh yeah and
one more thing I'm giving away an iPad
me and these other youtubers or giving
away iPads to our viewers so if you want
to win one there's a link and I'll
explain everything down there in the
description thank you for watching see
you next time and 24000 for tomorrow
