hey guys it's me again and you guys
didn't know you know me and Jacob you
know we've been you know kind of going
at it for a while and I know I would say
some stuff about him he would say some
stuff about me you know I would roast
him if you would roast me just back and
forth you and know nothing too serious
and we actually you know put it to an
end like I face titanum the other day yo
I just want to say what's up Bryce come
yo we're videos a good mood hilarious
all the things for that like I peed my
pants laughing at the video of you
roasting me cuz it's kind of true so I
don't hate you in yeah that's why I say
so and I thought we were cool like you
know if you said you liked my videos I
said keep doing you and I would you know
consider us you know friends or whatever
you know we were cool and then randomly
like a week ago he uploads this on his
snapchat if you zoom in to the bottom
right it says this is right so basically
some fangirl okay so basically he does
this thing where he like travels the
world and you know he meets his fans or
whatever and they bring posters and
t-shirts and they write his name on
their faces like they're literally like
humongous fan of it and let me tell you
he gets a lot of these posters like he
gets a ton of these posters and out of
all the posters he could have posted on
his snapchat he decided to put this one
on his dojo anyway once again it wasn't
like crazy because it was like Lily so
tiny maybe he did a seed like the little
bottom riot
I don't know right so I'm gonna let this
one slide and then a couple of days ago
he uploads this video alright on his
snapchat right show me can you sell me
the books right OH
so now it's pretty clear that he doesn't
like me now some girls like X out my
name and you're like oh I'm just going
crazy so it's pretty obvious he still
doesn't like me but then again no he's
just that chat it's only two strikes
right now right only two things has
happened three strikes
maybe I'll roast up but two strikes or
whatever but then yesterday he goes
alive you know he's like live streaming
live broadcasting and you know to all of
his viewers are watching and tell me why
he has the nerve the guts to impersonate
me to mock me all right just watch this
clip all right so this is like something
brother these kids are like 12
what are they doing well these kids must
be stopped
dang my parents would never let me do
that
that's just yo she said I need some milk
why is he sitting in a trash bag oh my
gosh
me just go he tries to be all good with
his part said I needed milk this is not
okay all right no one is gonna get away
with mocking they're not even I can mock
myself
Jacob you messed up right now stop slide
shows were so last week anyway I did
some digging I found out that Jacob used
to make music
I'll be all right my hands are no
so that's why he makes lip-synching
videos now but anyways if jacob can make
music so can i oh you have no supporters
boy you legit look like a burn sweet
potato with your little crocodile hair
what is that it looks like it got like
dented by like mercury or something yo
yo man this kid keeps talking man
turn my mic up now I'm really mad come
on man that we were cool but I just not
right now I'm really mad let's get it
mmm Metro doesn't trust you so I had to
do this my your fans are 10 they don't
know what they are doing
rolling up your sleeves boy you was
looking stupid you try to pick that girl
up but you couldn't do it no trying to
think as I can't find your talent
you can't sing and that you suck at
rapid try and lick your lips cause you
need some chapstick you tried to be a
singer man and look what happened
Mattie B or Jacob I can't tell the
difference you can't go I stream until
you do your dishes you use the wait for
Santa each and every single Christmas
and you got a bad time that's not my
business being on the and said my videos
are entertaining while you get in tucked
in this the song they playing you a
little much yeah who needs some
education if you got talent then I'm not
Asian your fans are little kids under
the age of 12 tell me why your ears make
you look like an elf you think I'm
trying to roast you but I'm just trying
to help
psych I'm just here to give you this El
Rey
I really went to the studio and recorded
a district anyways if you guys enjoyed
the video make sure you guys drop a
light that means a lot and then comment
your opinions I read every comment if I
yeah and then just want the in the
future if I don't upload in like four or
three days it means I'm working on
something I'm trying to upload as much
as possible I just want to be as high
quality over quantity I so keep that in
mind if I don't look be patient with me
subscribe to the channel like my videos
watch my other stuff and tweet me if
Jacob ever drops a diss track back at me
so I can drop another diss track you
know I'm saying anyways comment
subscribe all that stuff check out my
other videos and be ready for my next
one because it's going to be as good but
anyways thank you so much for watching
it I'll see you guys next time
