hey guys it's me again and um something
happened the other day that I wouldn't
wish on my worst enemy
like it's so terrible but yet funny at
the same time and I guess that's why I'm
making this video so the other day I
wake up right and it was just an average
day right but for some reason I was
really really bored I don't know why I
was just boring I have a ps3 I have an
Xbox I have Netflix but I was just
really bored so I was like know what I'm
gonna go outside and go on a walk so I
really go outside and walk away it's
2006 TM out walking but I was actually
having a good time I was listening to
music I was enjoying nature I was
dancing this shit right you know I was
having a good time and out of nowhere my
phone starts ringing right and I'm like
ah whatever no not to no not really
caring too much about so I just decline
it and I continue on with my walk and
for some reason your wins again and then
I'm like what the heck and it rings
again and again and again I was getting
text messages FaceTime FaceTime audio
regular phone calls it was really bad
and at this point I had no idea what was
going on right but I found out what
happened there's these two kids they're
like YouTube's musically Instagram
famous or whatever and there were live
broadcasting live streaming and they
expose or leaked my number to like 6,000
live people I need to contact where I'm
right about now because apparently he
did a video of me and Arielle and then
delete it after like two minutes so I
think we would like to know what what it
was all right wait don't say it out loud
because I'm when I vote kinky text it to
me that's how Vegas oh oh wait he sent
it he sent it I'm gonna FaceTime rice
come I'm gonna FaceTime him right now
oh no we just leaked the scariest man on
youtubes like come on dude how do you
mess that up like that was the easiest
just though to show my number but
anyways back to the story so at this
point my phone was blowing up but I
couldn't even use it right so I had to
go home to see what was going on but the
way like how I was going back home dude
it was so torturous like I had no
musically it was basically like this man
so I get home I run upstairs I hop on
back up here and I find out that this
Mario kid
leaked my number right at the time I
thought I was on purpose
I didn't know that I was on accident
because a lot of musically you know kids
hate me and stuff as I make these funny
videos that they don't find funny
so I find it on purpose so I was furious
so I slid in his dm's man and I was so
mad I was typing like the hottest dis DM
in the century I was like boy why you
look like beavis and butthead would show
shame from Jimmy Neutron and I brought
his frat his friend and I was like every
time your friend smiles she looks like
the Joker and just all this stuff and I
was so mad to the point like I literally
said if I ever see that a piece of hair
line like I was I said piece of HUD hair
line like I was that mad right and I
said some other stuff and right when I
was about to click enter I literally had
like a brain blast man I was like wait
why not trying to flip this on him right
so instead I said have this I said hey
don't worry about a hole meet but my
phone is going crazy haha I see some of
your vids we should collab haha like I
was really such a good actor that I said
text me fam right and in his like
live-streamed his channels like no don't
text up he's trying to expose you better
than that area hello girl said no don't
do it he's a bad person all this stuff
and
she was like no I actually think he's
Joker's like I sent he's like laughing
emoji so like that sold it so he
literally gave me his number and texted
me and he bees your spoon-fed me so that
I screech I did I tweeted it out and
then his phone was blowing up on his
broadcast my phone was like still
blowing up over here and um that's how I
spent my Wednesday but yeah man I'm
low-key upset cuz drinking Justin Bieber
had my number and now they don't because
I have to change my number but I know on
the way home when I was running to I was
like just in picture all these slide
shows in my head but imma let this one
slide or accidents do happen and the
morrow kids seem chill he was the enemy
say like sorry and stuff and how he
liked my videos and Ariel apparently she
likes my videos too so I just squeezed
her ass in here and I stay with me I'm
sorry for exposing mario's number I mean
at the time I was really mad and it has
some tricks up my sleeve and stuff like
that but you have to admit that was
pretty funny but anyways thank you so
much if you made it to the end of the
video and just thank you for watching
another one of my stupid videos man my
last meal got 40,000 thumbs up which I
don't even know how that's impossible so
the RA man show some love on the video
and comment I read every single comment
your opinions and stuff like that
subscribe if you haven't already because
I upload off then but uh thank you so
much for watching I'll see you guys next
time make sure you come back and my
twitter is right there tweet at me right
now right now but um your 19:25 or
however old you are who freaking cares
you're acting like a freaking baby
trying to act like your old boy to me
how my baby how am i a baby how am i
acting like a baby come on now like tell
me how am i a baby
exactly
