yo what is up guys rapport ice come back
for their video I really thought I
wasn't going to make another one of
these videos right but these kids will
never learn so you know me sometimes I
get bored so I go on YouTube and I type
in my own name and all these videos like
I hate rice town rice cup sucksby
popping up and I watched them and I'm
like you know what I can't let this
happen right oh I'm back at it with a
part 3 i'ma stop on this chitter
chatting and let's just jump right into
it we came across some videos with rice
gum idiot he's he's he's legitimately
stupid like he makes fun I'm mentally
retarded he made fun of a girl like
little girls our age like because there
was a crab do you think you're talking
about saying nothing cuss words about
children on your channel yo you guys you
know rewind that so basically a dis girl
in the middle here is like ranting about
you know how bad I am and she's being
too loud and this girl's parents are
like sleeping or she's I don't know why
loudness is a factor and she told her to
keep inside voices children oh I'm here
and then she started whispering I don't
know what time it is but go to sleep
it's probably late stop wasting your
time go to bed these kids must be go to
bed say oh I hope we don't cry like the
last video you're amazing you're 1925 or
however old you are who freaking cares
you're acting like a freaking baby
trying to act like your ol boy to me how
my baby how am i a baby how am i acting
like a baby
come on out like tell me how am i a baby
exactly you're not making ro have my
baby though come on now come on out how
how my baby
people can Eddie is Doug that's giving
them things to do that's letting them
engineered stuff that's giving them
careers and you're making does if you
some make music Li's and do all these
edits like you can be an engineer and
and and have a career guys oh my
I did not know that I'm so sorry Hey
they don't have eyebrows but like
literally your eyebrows are like this
and number one I know you're gonna make
fun of Heather strees in the back but
whoa
she has trees in the back of her house
I'm done like what does that even mean
you're fucking retarded and fucking ugly
like nigga really you need to go get a
wife like oh we're Versace all you do is
look at him dude wait why is your teeth
blue I'm still confused
I know literally you're probably gonna
make a fun of how I have a fucking blue
tooth well at least I actually have a
blue tooth in at least I could actually
fuckin pay for one I'm like pay for one
you're paying for a bluetooth you'd be
over here used to call me on my flip
phone wait is that her phone is that how
you call people why is her teeth blue is
it it doesn't look healthy
it just doesn't need to get this through
your crazy ass mine that no one here
likes you so you should just like go
kill yourself really only out like what
thousands use nigga you that's how you
know you a famous family watch as 1,000
views and you got millions of billion
views nigga when I'm soul when I'm
celebrity I'm finna be 21 you idiots in
right there still recorded videos yo mom
self nigga got listen man she suck at
1,000 views I mean she's right but look
at what she's wearing this bootleg emoji
shirt like I've never seen these emojis
in my life like look at this one right
here like how do you use this in a
sentence like that's my brother and if
you want to make fun of me so he can
find you don't go in now he's 20 older
than you go away Nick is I do not know
new shoes so I'm basking on YouTube whoa
she just dropped that quick bars but
like she said I got no new shoes I just
got some white van so what is she saying
her Brian a scare of your brother tell
him to come here I scared of him so I
just watched his whole entire roasting
videos like five minutes the most
boringest thing ever and the only thing
I got out of it is like these kids must
be stopped not cuz they're roasting me
but they're abusing a little boy watch
this hi dad really stand on his own hi
this is our baby because a live Allison
sister hey I really hit Riskin all it
means is rice in a mouth with gum I took
so Mike oh my god haven't I have a meal
I want me okay I going it just means
like rice in ago hey this kid is bigger
than the girl and he can clearly walk
and they keep passing him around why
does she look so familiar about picking
on little kids could he look like a
fucking baked potato and so she's back
at it again with another roasts video
let's see what she has to say this time
holy cow I'm reacting to her reacting to
me reacting to her reacting waiting to
know she's reacting to me but I'm
reacting to her why are you taking
American words Asian guy
but you think in America first it was
all fun and games but when you act
racist
does why I draw the line I can speak any
language I want including America now
I'm a man let's go the white man back at
it again with the white man I got it
again with the white man's dusty Ben
back at it again with the word Daniel
the end but yeah guys I think that's
gonna conclude my video thank you so
much if you made it till the end and
guys we've been getting 20,000 likes
every video and that's not easy like not
many channels can say that so thank you
if you like all my videos comment if you
haven't already read every comment and
if you have it what are you waiting for
subscribe to the channel but thank you
again for watching I'll be back soon
with another fire upload and I will see
you guys next time
