yo what is up guys her boy rice come
back for another video and today we hit
a three hundred thousand subscribers
dude that's a lot of people so if you
are subscribed to the channel thank you
so much and you're the reason why I
breathe but I noticed that I have a lot
of new faces on my channel so I decided
to do a Q&A video so you guys can get to
know a little bit more about me so if
you ask me questions on my Twitter
there's a high chance or in this video
so let's begin do you have a girlfriend
I actually surprisingly do have a
girlfriend but she doesn't know it yet
only I know it and she has me blocked on
Twitter but I use my girlfriend go to
your contacts and prank call your
eighteenth contact all right so let me
prank all this person and I'm in my
contacts written I don't even have 18
contacts if you guys want my number guys
in DM me on Twitter how is your
addiction going if you guys don't know
guys I made a video about how I was
addicted to roasting but it's actually
being a lot better my friend just sent
me a selfie hold on what eat a frozen
hot pocket what that's not even a
question - so I got my jeans right here
and what the heck of money but anyways
hot pocket no but seriously I have a
real hot pocket right here man
straight out the refrigerator right
which is super I put it in the pocket
this is rock-solid
will you remember me once your big guys
I will never change on you I will always
remember my first 300,000 how are you so
strong you must be hitting in the gym a
lot more honestly I haven't even been
jamming guys the reason why I'm so
strong is because of this they are if
you don't own one you need to get one
this thing works man like just look at
what it's doing to me is there more Rose
videos coming soon by the way I love
your video guys the future is looking
bright man more Rose videos coming soon
get ready why do you talk weird is that
true do I sound weird like I've been
told I sound like I have a stuffy nose
all the time how does it feel knowing a
lot of women like you wait what I don't
know how that feels how do you shave
your ass alright so I just have like
this razor here and I just turn it on
and I just turn around and I just uh you
know I just do this and who's your
favorite youtuber so there's this guy
right and he makes these videos about
like kids that must be stopped and like
these little girls like heat roasting
him he's honestly so funny I should
check him out I think his name is like
rice booty hole or something he a
spoonful of ketchup or mustard alright
so I got some mustard on me you feel me
and we just gotta get a spoonful of
muster
what's your response to all the haters
all right listen up man this is a
message to all my haters if you are a
hater no one is forcing you to watch me
no one is sitting there and forcing you
to watch me all right so go somewhere go
outside go watch someone else because no
one is forcing to watch me and no one
cares if you don't like me like no one
cares if you love Jacob your worst
injury ever so about like two years ago
guys I suffer from a very serious broken
heart um I sent this girl a very very
long text message and she read it about
a year ago and I'm still waiting on the
response when was the last time you
cried if so why so last time I cried was
about like two months ago and it was
when Jacob Satori's roasted me and um
yeah it was pretty sad and just thinking
about it um it brings back some tears
what was it like in prison president was
actually really hard man you know I
didn't have fun in there it was just a
lot of mean people and whatever do guys
do not drop the soap man I had to learn
the hard way but yeah guys I think
that's gonna conclude my video if you
made it to the end thank you so much for
watching and let's try to get 20,000
likes guys all my videos I've been
getting 20,000 likes and more so let's
keep the streak going and once again
thank you for 300,000 subscribers I just
hit it like yesterday so that's so
awesome if you haven't subscribed join
the journey to 400,000 that's going to
happen like next month right so we're
just blowing up if you're a day one
viewer show some love and actually
comment right now um when you subscribe
so like if you subscribe when I was on
like 10,000 20,000 100,000 etc but do
that and come back for next time but
more roast videos to come more Q&A more
vlogs more this more that were that
Twitter Instagram right there whatever
but thank you so much again and I will
see you guys next time I contact with
Hunter his older brother right listen
he's like should I spit on her hair
Hunter shakes his head yes right at
listen man he just his mom has no idea
what's going
on BAM did hold on I'm going to slow it
