yo what is up guys are poor ice dumb up
back from their video and how are you
guys doing man I hope you have a good
day if not hopefully this video can make
you feel better before we start I just
want to say thank you for all the
support recently we're almost at 300,000
subscribers which is in saint's if
you're new to the channel man welcome to
the family and if you've been here for a
long time thank you for sticking around
so today I have a very interesting Vale
for you guys
so back in December I upload a video
called this girl must be stopped where I
talked about this girl named Mumma
Compton and if you haven't seen it you
guys can click right here to watch it
but basically just a summary of it I
just talked about this drill and how
weird she is and how she looks like
coconut head and she basically saw my
video and she said ain't no ching-chong
gonna ruin my xmas
this day is about my Lord and Savior not
some buck Chow breathitt son of Genghis
trying to shade me and on her Instagram
she said this China guy rice dub was
bullying me Yetta Yetta Yetta i will not
be called coconut head anymore this is a
massage to all my haters a massage to
all my haters so I was like why not just
a piss her off even more and just a
makeup art to do all right so let's
begin today we're on her Instagram last
time I was on her Twitter and the things
I found that were insane let's see what
we can find on her Instagram I look like
moaning Lisa by Leonardo DiCaprio but
with bangs moaning Lisa what is that
whoa Joe all right you guys know how I
always make jokes about how she looks
like coconut head tell me why she looks
like the guy from finebros my mom died a
year before I was born so I never got to
meet her but I take flowers to her grave
every year my mom died a year
how is that even possible
yo Bey always tryin to take photos of me
lol he caught me off guard with this one
but the shadow never mind r.i.p grandma
can't wait to get to the funeral and
slay the family with this outfit what is
wrong with this girl
woah but low-key her outfit is fire the
sari home of sectionals only straight
men can handle me
bitch no one wants to touch you cousin
by birth lover by choice love you so
much everyone's like oh that's so weird
they're cousins we actually found out
about this last video so I'm kind of
used to it it is Valentine's Day so I
must screenshot this this is low-key
relationshipgoals
oh my god why would I would I cool like
Kylie Jenner with my cute Starbucks
coffee what since when they can't see so
cuff that's a KFC Cup since when do they
sell like hot drinks
look what yo tell me why that second
picture low key on point like her bangs
are fleek took a pregnancy test and it's
a hundred and ten percent sure I'm
pregnant
I'm so happy you know I can't do sit
like that's a thermometer and she put it
and told it I can't do this we named her
miracle to abortion attempts and she
still made it stuck with her now
yo this is even funny anymore like this
baby has to live with umma as her mother
yo tell me why the baby looks nothing
like the parents like they might have to
go on Mari cuz like she's been cheating
or something cuz I I mean they kind of
owe Nome it's it's a cute baby though
and I feel bad cuz luma is raising it
and like she's such like luma if you're
watching this let me adopt the baby rice
come
Jr internet sensation I can already see
it so we just went through her a whole
Instagram and um that was really weird
but the thing about uma and I actually
like is she makes music right and my
last video I reviewed one of her songs
and it was it wasn't that bad and she
just made a brand new song I haven't
heard it because I waited to get my
reactions on camera so uma Compton new
hit single river boy on waitin on you
Lucy needs eatin be it black hold your
arms this
I'm figured by you
boy round your feet boy I gotta treat
boy
Hey
yo that shit was fired but yeah I guess
that's gonna wrap up my bill thank you
if you made it till the end it was an
okay song until she said pussy needs pee
in a beat it black and blue or somehow
but anyways if you guys did enjoy the
video make sure you guys drop a like
guys once again every video has been
hitting 20,000 likes let's keep it going
um drop a comment tell me what you think
I do read every comment and if you
haven't already what are you waiting for
subscribe to channel almost at 300k oh
yeah and one more thing if you guys want
to be in my next film in a Q&A question
and answer so ask me questions at my
Twitter link in the description if you
want to be featured in my next video I
want to do more variety you know I can't
Rose people but now I can do q and A's
and stuff too whatever whatever whatever
but let me know do all that stuff thank
you for supporting me and I will see you
guys next time
