yo what is up guys are bored ice come
back for their video and you know what
I've been noticing a lot lately I
noticed I have been just really happy
like I've been waking up and just happy
and I think the main reason for that is
because YouTube when you guys have been
commenting such nice stuff and we are at
250,000 subscribers like that's a lot of
people so thank you for that right but
alright but although we have all
supporters and people that love me I've
been running into a lot of haters so the
other day I typed in raced up into
YouTube right a lot of videos like I ate
rice government rice club sucks were
popping up and I was watching them and I
was like when will these little girls
learn not to mess with me nobs hit not
but I made a little girls roast rice top
part what is just little girls just
making fun of me and it was really
successful so why not make a part too
right so all right so let's just hop
into it this is the first person I'm not
gonna stall I'm going a chitter-chatter
or just jump it into it man first girl
to roast me stop picking on little kids
could you look like a fucking baked
potato and you look like a big you she
just said I look like a baked potato
does she own a mirror so people have
been calling a potato recently and I've
been always thinking like how can a
human look like a potato right and now
and now I know why just you look like a
big turd
and just cuz they're making videos I
mean you have to make fun of them
because they're just lip-syncing them
and you're wrong about musically a
dumbass - and well you should go die
could nobody liked you and you're the
ugliest person on earth Oh what the hell
okay first off why does she have a phone
once like I asked this everything like
why do these kids have phones right and
why were her nails so like like so bad
you know and then why was she breathing
so hard and just next video I swear dude
these girls want me to roast them cuz
like what's up with the side point to it
she has a little some some right here
it's SpaghettiOs or something and she
tries to play it off right watch this so
she's over here talking that shit and
watch this watch this
she notices that she has something right
here and she you know try I tried to
plays it off and she licks it and she
takes her toy and you know it's still
there though you know I mean and it's
there the whole video and it's just
bugging me when you see basically uses
people roasting you they're just
defending themselves
oh I mean they're just defending
themselves from your bail number one off
the camera cry baby baby dude these are
so thank you tears like a really burn
hey bird these are fun like these are
actually funny to me I'm not even
offended like I'll show you what your
hair looks like be ripped if you look
like this yeah okay is about you alright
my hair it's not that bad I mean it's
like not the best but I mean it's kind
of cool it's kind of like fluffy and why
is your name rice go good look
you should call it but gum what the hell
hop out of here dude I'm a real big fan
of Jacob de Torres and I will post a
video soon of my wallpapers of juggles
to Torres I'll live ahead Jake I store
us all over my phone and I'm not kidding
really really mean chickens for Torres
and I don't like that
I haven't subscribed to him I bought
just one video of it one and it was rust
and it was the difficult rows one I a
super mad for us for because of him
being mean to him so if you stick up
with me like this video and if you don't
just go unimpaired get off my channel
bah why just why they roast me like
another girl that doesn't have eyebrows
man they just want me to roast them like
I'm sorry I don't want to sound
repetitive but where are her eyebrows
she was hunter was so sweet about it
after you he said race beauty hope one
time like two times I don't even know it
wasn't even more than three all right is
it one time is it like only she just
said oh yeah you know maybe one time I
don't know maybe two are maybe three
four five six seven eight nine ten
another like make up your mind like
which one was it for musically and we
both loved it we're all musically we do
those songs - I like here's just they're
these kids must be stuck on the moon
he's won like he's just a motherfucker
he's I giving that to the kids like he's
giving it to kids he is like 20 25 Oh
toy yeah 25 do I look 25 not to us kids
he could be like lip yeah it's like dick
I like he like oh they love it dude like
they're actually like like kids and
they're actually saying some like curse
words
most kids say potato and stuff so not
not bad pretty impressive you might say
oMG you're so young to be saying fucking
shit and but he's a total bad
so guys shithead like easily like his
hair is just there dude these kids must
be stopped man they keep cussing stop
dude where are their parents
where are their parents so I noticed
that my video has been all over the
place I'm sorry I just needed to squeeze
all these little girls into this freakin
video right so sorry if it's confusing
or whatever but okay last one last clip
of this girl back story my homie Edwin
he was watching you now in random you
know broadcast and this guy's apparently
kind of popular or whatever and he and
he was talking shit about me so the
homie Edwin sent me a clip of him and
here it is rice come roasted me okay
number one who the fuck is rice gum like
I know who he is but like who the fuck
was named yourself like that rice got
like fucker I used some thought fuck I
fat guys I'm fat guys I'm fat and he
just said who the fuck is rice gum oh
wait I know who he is but who is he like
that makes no Santa who would name
myself this my Papa gave me this name
and then afterwards look what he does
eating reason go my you chill do chill
and then wait wait for it
goddamn what the fuck was that alright
so he said it was roasting him and I
swear to you guys I don't know who this
guy is like no clue whatsoever never
talked about however
and all those girls roasting me you know
in the past like five minutes or
whatever I couldn't I can't roast back
like they're little girls right so I
have all this built-up anger and people
say pick on so on your own size I mean I
guess we're like the same age me in this
head-shaking guy we're the same age I'm
about to unleash all this built-up anger
on this guy alright so I'm on this guy's
Instagram right and first off this guy's
always wearing backpacks like does he
think he looks cooler with a backpack on
or like I don't understand but you know
I was scrolling down and I was like you
know what my viewers really love
slideshows I don't know why but you guys
just go crazy every time I
one and like I saw this picture and I
was like you know what I want to make a
slideshow cuz no one disrespects me like
that why do these girls keep roasting me
I don't know but if you guys did enjoy
the video makes you guys trouble it I've
been getting 20,000 likes per video so
let's keep the streak going so you know
do the things and if you haven't already
mad what are you waiting for subscribe
to the channel new video coming out soon
comment I read every single comment I
don't know why I just did that Twitter
Instagram all of that but yeah will
there be a little girls rose friends got
part three I don't know if they keep
roasting me I might just have to do it
but anyways find out on the next episode
of Dragon Ball Z new video next week
thanks for watching hi my name is rice
gum I'm 19 years old and
- - roasting it's like in my blood I'm
just so
