hi my name is rice gum I'm 19 years old
and I'm addicted to roasting it's like
in my blood like I'm just so good at it
like for instance sometimes as randomly
doctors mind my own business I just see
someone in she doesn't even deserve it I
just post them randomly and it's just
it's crazy
rice gum has been addicted to roasting
for the last ten years
his addiction started innocently as a
way to make friends um I still remember
it like it was yesterday it was like
kindergarten on the playground and
overheard these kids talking right you
know this kid like boy you wear that
shirt every day boy and them Skechers
super weak and you know I was like oh
dude it's my time to shine so I walk up
over there I just sided note this guy is
teeth is yellow like really like
spongebob yellow right so I come over
there I'm like boy all right every time
you smile all the cars slow down right
and then everyone was they just erupt
and they're like roasted him and mine
that feeling it's the best feeling ever
but what started out innocently spiraled
out of control and turned him into a
monster
his parents signed them up for a
two-week plan to help him stop roasting
so it is day one of the two-week
prevention plan or whatever uh the goal
today is to go one day without roasting
anybody shouldn't be too hard I mean I
don't have a problem or anything so I
just woke up you just go to my computer
so yeah
what is this
I can't do this I can't do this
boy why I found out he had a problem but
you can't call me four eyes for no
reason and just kept making fun of my
hair and I was like why dude um my
friends would always tell me
rice gum you have a problem you need to
see a doctor something and I would
always like guys come on I can control
it leave me alone
but recently what happened you know
recently just I think I do have a
problem I was actually there and it was
really ugly I don't even want to talk
about it so I was at my teachers funeral
right and there were passing the
microphone around everyone was like she
was such a great teacher
you know I miss him everyone say these
tiny words right and it was my turn to
speak on his behalf so they passed me
the microphone and really in my head I
was like whatever you do do not roast
them do not gross do not Road I just
kept telling myself that in my head and
when they pass me the microphone all I
can think about is that one time he did
around by 72% up to an 80% and they pass
me the blanket I looked into the coffin
and I was like boy your hairline is
stupid tarnished
this is not okay like I feel like
there's like a monster inside of me that
just comes out as soon as I see
something and as soon as I'm done
roasting it just goes away and I just
feel so guilty
you
yo what is up guys thank you for
watching my whole entire boot I just
wanted to try something you know try a
little skate you know try to spice it up
a little bit so let me know what you
think in the comments thumbs it up if
you haven't already and another special
thing of TLC for coming to my house and
filmed his documentary is just amazing
just kidding it was just I'm not
addicted I don't think I am guys am i
addicted oh and I swapped out TLC dinner
to RGS if you don't know what that means
it stands for a rice gum squad that's
what I call my boomers squash crosswalk
but yeah guys thank you for watching
just wanted to try something new
new video coming out soon it's gonna be
fired
ready subscribe do that stuff I will see
guys next time braced up squad I love
you guys before we go any further tell
me why she's in a trash bag why she just
casually is sitting in a trash bag okay
hold on hold on hold on uh let's let's
react to this
