before the video starts me and Lauren
are actually friendly I was literally
live broadcasting and we just got done
talking I watch all your videos I just I
already said I said at the end of my
broadcast no you did it yes I did mom
did I not say that at the end of the
abroad but I filmed this video like
three days ago and I didn't want to
waste a perfectly funny video so I'm
gonna upload it but Mia Lauren are cool
now I hope you guys enjoy hey guys it's
me again and I'm not doing too good so
the other day I got roasted and flamed
again but this time it was by a girl
he's 13 and her name is Lauren gray and
she was broadcasting on you-now the
other day and she said some mean stuff
about me I made a video called these
kids must be stopped that I put her in
it because she said let it clown nigga
try to play you if he played you then
rule number two fuck his best friends
and make them yes-men and get a dick pic
and then you press but yeah here are her
reactions and basically what she said
about me heart cause quad wait until you
guys his stupid comment did she just say
that she's welcome play with her pussy
no bitch I didn't I covered my mouth
what's up no I didn't say it so your
comment is irrelevant because I covered
my mouth that's the only part that
really need a new room was pretty bad
and was before I got popular musically I
was just doing all my friends were doing
this little comments irrelevant and all
this guy does here's what pisses me off
all this guy does is he watches what we
do and he literally he says what we just
did like he'll be like did she just say
okay yeah bitch I did what's the issue
with whoa did she just say yes bitch I
did did she just say that all I said was
what they said but like I said I did say
what's wrong with that like down with
his you got to repeat everything I say
he's like whoa did she just yes bitch I
did I did just yeah I once again there's
a reason
she's as she just turned 13 okay so I
see he's been on famous birthdays I also
went on his team's birthdays and I saw
that um let's actually look at his
famous birthdays oh it didn't come up so
I guess we had to like search him
because a parent was relevant and so
YouTube and major-league gamer otherwise
known his rice Dom he's gained more than
hundred seventy thousand subscribers on
YouTube I castrate a lot of the video me
my friends is she sick or something
what's wrong with her seven 6270 second
most popular person wow that's sad so at
first I was confused but basically she
was on this website called famous
birthday right and it's it's like a
Wikipedia for like everyone I guess but
if you type in like random people's name
it would pop up with their birthday and
like their buddy not just an information
about them and basically I was so right
here it says mm most popular person
right so it's pretty bad rating uh
because I mean I don't even know what
website this is and if you were to type
into her name
Lauren gray and she is the you know one
hunt op one hundred in popularity yeah
so then I click on the most popular
rankings right so Justin Bieber's in
first place you know whatever whatever
whatever and I scroll down and Maddie B
is 16th most popular in the world over
Obama and there's Jacob Satori's that is
more popular Jacob so tars is more
popular according to this website than
Michael Jackson right he's more popular
than these One Direction guys Drizzy
Drake
John Cena man you're telling me LeBron
James who made this website this is not
accurate at all
it's funny how she brought this up
because I'm pretty sure that she made
this website because like there's no way
in hell that Maddie B is more famous
than Drake or before we go any further
tell me why she's in a trash bag why she
just casually sitting in a trash bag
okay hold on hold on hold on
uh let's let's react to this in a trash
bag actually uh here we go mother no
actually why hello what wait why do her
mom say what like the first word she
says like ring ring ring ring what like
is that normal my mom has never done
that no question hey mom do you remember
that one video I made the brace gun
reacted to where it said playing with my
own yeah and I cover my mouth yeah did
you see that video did you know about
that video yeah okay just wondering cuz
he seems to think that you don't know
about itself thank you for proving my
point see you later yeah the only thing
I got out of that whole phone call was
her mom picked up the phone saying what
I yeah this is pissing me off man okay
let's continue so when I was 13 when you
were 13 you probably had about two
friends and you probably got yo he was
probably that kid that was like he come
up to a school be like want to treat
Pokemon cards and we're like bitch I
don't own pokemon cards wait hey I'm a
spider-man do you want to be friends new
uh Ninja Turtles Peppa yeah and then
they're given them in their Oh guys you
guys want to trade pokemon cards I have
this new Charizard
it's I have this new Charizard its
holographic I got this it's our own
pokemon cards oh okay
oh hey do you want to trade pokemon
cards no I don't
you're weird get on my face
how does she know my past did she go to
my school or something no 13 year old
plays with pokemon cards and if you play
with GI Joe pokemon cards in your 13 you
got a problem I'm sorry but why come on
now he was that one he was that one
weird little like he was that one weird
kid that was like penetrate pop gum
cards I just got this new GI Joe wheres
watch want to try it out no I don't
you're weird get on my face I'm gonna be
of course actually I'm 13 and more
popular than you go let's just keep
watching since when was popularity of
contest still to this day I can't
believe she's 13 years old but yeah guys
around this time you know I would
probably drop my famous slide show uh
but you know I noticed that she's only
13 she's like a little girl you know
little innocent girl that said some mean
stuff about me and imma let this one
slide alright she dodged the bully no I
mean I mean she's a little right so um
no slideshow but if you guys enjoy the
video take cycling
no one disrespects Pokemon like that I
was up all night trying to like all
eight gym badges so I can face off with
uh before I would bring my gameboy to
school so I can finally catch new - so I
can complete my pokedex now I'm mad no
one ever disrespects Pokemon oh my
goodness
ah darling but yeah guys if you made it
to the end thank you so much for
watching if you haven't already thought
the video last couple of days I've been
getting 20,000 likes that's so insane so
show some love if you haven't already
what are you waiting for subscribe to
watch my other videos if you haven't
already drop a comment I read every
comment I don't know how I do it if you
are a Lauren Grey fan because she had a
lot of fans I respect her now you know
she's out here young getting this money
and she just said some stuff and no one
disrespects Pikachu so I did it for you
know the Pokemon Kingdom and you know
for myself too and it was a fucking
video so if you guys did enjoy though
you know come back for more I do have
Twitter Instagram snapchat all that goo
all that ropes I will follow you back
but thank you so much for watching it I
will see you guys next time
boom booty ho boy was talking crap about
her I was like some boy talk about burn
it one time I will find your house and I
will kill you huh she will find my house
and and kill me
