yo what is up guys herbal rice come back
from our video and you know what I found
out the other day I found out that I
have a lot of haters so I was on Twitter
the other day and one of my viewers sent
me a video and the video was basically a
girl just some random girl I don't even
know her and she was just like making
fun of me and just roasting me and like
I hate rice coven doll this other stuff
right and when that video was over you
know how to YouTube as like the
suggestion that what to watch next
there was like five other videos title
that I hate rice cup and I'm like you
know I'm a likeable person and like
these guys hate me but yeah I just
wanted to make a video addressing all
these hairs because why not and I
thought it was pretty funny so um yeah
alright so let's begin I just beer a man
this girl's a savage complete savage I
this video is pretty much just to hate
on rice gun but if you guys want to
watch the video where he was hating on
hunter then click the link in the
description
okay next get started I'll ride his gun
booty ho boy was talking crap about
hunter I was like some boy talk about
burning one time I will find your house
and I will kill you huh
she will find my house and and kill me
she's gonna murder me alright guys if
anything happens to me in the next
couple days are we know who's
responsible why don't we just discuss
their step rice come you look like a
burnt potato there's really no
correlation like how do I never mind
oh like you just be looking crusty dusty
and like do you work at the Krusty Krab
like that's where you'd be working with
sponge about bloom speaking about sponge
rub do you know that episode when Sponge
Bob lost his eyebrows where your eyebrow
yeah carry on y'all Shrek lookin big
nose booty licking crusty yourself yeah
what a Shrek has an average knows what
went on and on but there is still one
more thing um I didn't make this edit
but my friend Cameron did but uh this is
try scum because he did the same thing
to Hunter so hopefully you guys like
that does even look like me
I'd give it a big thumbs up and I
normally don't make youtube videos but
if you want me to start doing that drop
a comment and suggest what I should do
tell me why her outro is so lit bro I
just want to get a height but like this
girl looks like honey boo boo no
eyebrows and she's gonna sit here never
my next video where if I wanna dance
Grammys to have a 30 well this girl is
sitting here roasting Asians early on
her bed crisscross applesauce
11 minute video on her badges critiquing
my videos bro tell me why if you scroll
down to my comment section every hater
that's talking that shit dude they
basically look like her I'm pretty sure
they do just on their bed crisscross
applesauce pretty young and just talking
that shit man it's just funny to me like
this look she's over like what is she
doing with her life
all right so this is video just blows my
mind they made a 12-minute collage of
just different girls just talking shit
about me and they're so stupid that they
render the video under some copyrighted
music right so they had copyrighted
music in the background so there's no
audio so I don't know what they're
saying but I know they're talking that
shit and so what a surprise they're all
girls yeah so I literally cannot hear
anything but she actually I think over
here yeah so she made like a flashcard
this is such a waste of paper like what
is she doing like rice cub is a a bully
I just Aven and a hater
you know the water and and then she just
and then she starts dancing at it like
why okay just a bunch oh I just wanna
say a fresh mom sees this video just I
just want to know he's stupid I'm stupid
I have so much haters and they're all
younger females she's mean talking all
that talk about those okay she just made
up a word she said boo clot what does
that need up talking about boo clap he's
a freaking crybaby but can you cry be
okay if I so sees this your for good cry
baby or not got it no I'm not
don't ever talk crap about me on one of
your videos got it bye
I got it I got it did you hurt her I got
it alright it's funny cuz like these are
the type of people that are roasting me
like they're not even people they're
little they're little people to little
people although I have a lot of haters
my subscribers are amazing i watch this
video a because we've got because i'm
super oh oh you to remain vice gun got
roasted by some fourteen-year-old named
hunter they leave me forever on the
internet do you know what i have to say
about you hunter if you're watching this
I need to tell you something a haircut
you need to come on you need to go bed
or a shower every 10 minutes a day and
and go read them niggas look for
education could I guess are you're dumb
and you're stinky andr stupid why is she
wearing a Batman shirt she's better than
a Batman not all heroes wear capes are
eyes she just purchased stands up for me
but yeah the point of view is to show
you guys the type of people that hate me
there's just little girls and you know I
was laughing it off but when the cameras
are off but the cameras are off it
actually affects me quite a bit just
crazy that people actually feel this way
about me
we'll find your house and I will kill
you
Claire if everyone is in scram these two
have 30 all that but yeah that is going
to conclude my day if you made it to the
end you're not the girls that I put in
my video makes you guys rebel like I
really appreciate it you know just
thumbs it up just click it dude I'm just
kidding but comment I read every comment
thank you again for 200,000 subscribers
that's so crazy so make sure to follow
me on Twitter snapchat all that it's in
the description I have a pill box every
all that man I'm also uploading a fire
video on Friday man soul fire you have
to watch it Friday
be on the lookout but then you so much
watching the video and I will see you
guys next time
damn this girl was just twerking around
us she was throwing that ass in a circle
so the homie came up from behind her and
the second they made contact she turned
around and was like oh hell naw and like
the homie got curved and like I felt
hella bad but it was so funny man
