yo what is that guy's record rice Cobb
chillin I'm vlogging today I got my
friends at my house that were just
chilling these fools are weird as fuck
but uh but I don't go out shut up but
like a shut up this one you stuck what
ha ha what for what oh but I don't know
often so when I go out I like to vlog it
come and join the ride and all that one
more thing look here are my subscribers
right I'm almost at 200,000 somehow I'm
Alma I don't know how but somehow we are
so you trying to get crazy with it see
don't you know
hello I'm gonna get changed checking for
the placement
thank you so much $10 on my name is my
niggas be top I might think you who need
em is
turn up the drill
all right so we are on our way to the
hotel party I don't know who's going to
be there hopefully a lot of females I'll
tell you that we are lost how many guys
does it take to go to a hotel room music
kids keep the kicks keep the kicks all
these hotels loud bro
both you guys hear them whoa
this is out popping alright so if you're
just chilling man in this hotel it was
kind of dark so I couldn't vlog too much
but you know how we were walking in that
room right next to us sounded super
popping it loud so we wanted to you know
go in there so we just knocked on their
door and they let us it buddy listen
Toby
it
they really kicked this out though
huevos you need a geek out it was right
we think that was we coming right back
relieving I'm tired
why would he walk them to the car nice
meeting you don't be surprised if you
end up on a YouTube video I'm about to
cut I'm gonna go to the bathroom with
the bitch and fuck your new bathroom oh
yeah why not fucking know why all my
bitches when it come to the party when
it's not my party but when is my shit
nigga no bitches bro buddies I hate that
shit movie bro you're funny right
every time I have a fucking every time
you get a sleep bro at some point or
something I know it's a liquor we take a
while I'm up they just want to come no
he's dead ass bro oh my dude true story
bro he had her own suite no bitches at
all and today we have some random ass
suite with a royal bitch I'll blow her
ass bedroom he's just gonna go like this
Ross needs enemas think about a role in
this big annulling phone thinking that a
prominent this is nigga home doing what
the bitches naked old ass way different
you in your life I'm how I alright
nigga life owners hobby fuckin bitches
go in the asses we've had written
expectable on single small companies
with topic ok giving up a bit of yeah
like a proper cut yeah yeah yeah I hit
from the back do I my homie inspire me
so were kicked out of the hotel I'm just
like this regular lady
oh this is all faded TV bitch damn look
at my dad it's hybrid I my dad my bitch
yeah la got it
let me see is it really I know he really
famous no just let him do it but that
requires one yeah brilliant
hey point something you understand okay
I literally header my phone and shoulder
my followers and I guess it kind of
worked I mean I'm just kind of famous
I know a vile army what sedan alright so
this is probably the funniest part of
the whole entire video I'm gonna play
the video first I'll break it down
I saw first if you haven't already make
sure you add me on snapchat I've been
snap chatting so much lately and this
video was actually first seen on my
snapchat so uh yeah but basically this
girl was just twerking around us she was
throwing that ass in a circle so the
homie came up from behind her and the
second they made contact she turned
around and was like oh hell naw
and like the homie got curved and like I
felt hella bad but it was so funny man
good night
eyebrows eyebrows they are oh yeah so
the party got shut down on but it was
pretty turn top brother they was kind of
as it says it was kind of a success bros
that's always to me boy I was looking
out the door like you did with me on
this partnership that's the key cuz I
I actually recorded an outro but I
didn't like the way it sounded so I'm
just gonna talk over it but guys
something crazy just happened I just hit
200,000 subscribers on YouTube man it's
so insane cuz like I've been working so
hard lately and just to see it all come
together it's it means so much to me I
really just hit a hundred thousand
twenty days ago literally 20 days ago so
just insane in the future I'm gonna blow
up even more so you guys can tell all
your friends
I knew ray Scott when he had two hundred
thousand you know like cuz in a year
dude I'm gonna be at a million a billion
a trillion who knows man the sky is the
limit you know I'm saying but I've been
working so hard so it's just awesome
that you guys like my stuff is just so
awesome thank you so much and if you
made it to the end make sure you thumbs
up the video I know the type of shit you
guys like and I just wanted to try out a
vlog do you guys enjoy vlogs just let me
know I can make more if not whatever new
video tomorrow comment I read all
comments
I'm just hyped right now thank you and I
love you I will see you guys tomorrow
