hey guys um it's me again and I'm really
sad again so there's this kid on the
internet and he's 14 years old and he
just got done roasting me and making fun
of me and um his name is hunter I
recently made a video called these kids
must be stopped part three baby I can
Nick god Bless You Man
Steve why Jesus everything I say often
and I thought it was really funny and
you know I talked about this kid named
hunter and he was doing these
inappropriate things at his age and he
was live-streaming one day and it came
out of nowhere and just started making
fun of me sorry so here are my reactions
to his reactions of my reactions to his
music loose phone I started my own a lot
today and she was kind of like she was
actually upset at me a lot like she was
really married um cuz you know rice bowl
that rice ball pin Express I don't care
tell me nice whatever you is I'm not
trying to fight back my tears this time
because last time I cried a lot he just
called me rice but whore
my name is rice gum and that was really
mean hunter and he also said rice Panda
Express and I don't think I look like a
panda in any way or I don't have black
or white fur on me so I'm assuming he's
referring to the restaurant which is
like a Chinese Asian fast-food and I'm
Chinese or Asian so that's really mean
and that's kind of racist cuz like no
but really I don't always from this her
nice job tell me the whole town taking
you on her what you is um chicken chow
mein really really tell me it's not my
name my name is rice gum not rice chow
mein all right that's how mad I am right
now you do say my name correctly how
would you like if I called you hunter
cheeseburger like that's just too far I
just wouldn't cross that line because I
respect other people's food and their
names or I know I just would never call
someone that okay so my mom saw the
video of him like making fun of me and
some other people and he was like and
she saw that I was like I could make you
who see something rain I didn't know
what said rain I wasn't really listening
to the work that I just kind of dance
like what are you deaf he just said that
he didn't know that the words were I
could make your P word rain like what
like what are you listening to talk to
me like a lot today cuz she saw the
video of him making fun of me so and she
was actually mad at me I thought she'd
be mad at him and be like that rice gun
piece of crap but she was like really
mad at me so she got really right pissy
or whatever way so his mom didn't even
know that he was doing this type of
stuff online and she found out through
my video and got mad at him like I'm out
here saving lives like why are people
mad at me like kids and comments are
always roasted me but like I'm doing
people favors and you know saving
families it like I'm a life saver
basically um she got really upset with
me because you she wants me to be like a
really good role model and I guess it
was like really like the song was super
bad I don't know I just don't post a
picture I was like I never use rice rice
whatever his name is rice video and
they're like like hunter it's kind of
appropriate for for 15 year old to be
grainy and I just Blake was my next to
me so it's his fault just like um no I'm
skinny but yeah I kind of I agree I he
agrees that what he did was
inappropriate for his age and he's gonna
still stay here and make fun of me and
call me rice booty hole like four times
that's so weird like this honestly so
weird I don't get what these kids are
thinking like his mom you know told him
why it was wrong he agrees with his mom
he agrees that the video was wrong and
he's gonna sit here and make fun of me
like what kids nowadays are so neat the
funniest thing is in the video there was
two people right I talked about a hunter
and the other kid and the other kid is
so chill on the other kid was also live
streaming
and he's so chill just watch this um yo
it's your boy Blake looking like a snake
I'm in the rice gums video uh uh guys I
have good news
I am so good news oh my god you don't
understand what my news is my ears are
so good I am so happy right now you
don't understand you don't understand
how happy I am like is it just me or am
I happy or is it God he's making me
happy is he y'all making me happy or is
somebody that I'm in a video that's
making me happy cause anybody know the
rice gummies ha ha I'm in his new video
what Gucci ah I made it we Gucci me out
here they just call me up I'm in the
next write some video what's good guys
yeah yeah you want to see it you want to
see it um uh-huh
yah what's good
yeah right gone that's me that's my room
that my room I want what kind of drugs
he's on cuz he loves life and you should
honestly be honored to be on my channel
like not anyone can be on my channel so
Blake is a cool guy that says man he
followed me on Twitter or cool but
hunter such a bully person but that's
gonna conclude my bill thank you so much
if you miss Ike the video is not over
yet no one gets away with calling me
Bryce butthole or rice pan Express like
no one is going to get away with that
shit
now I'm a magnet I can sit here and
flame them back but I'm 19 and he's 14
so I don't want to you know look like a
bully because that's kind of long so I
just made a slideshow but yeah guys
thank you so much for watching if you
made it to the end make sure you drop a
thumbs up that helps a lot if you
haven't already what are you waiting for
subscribe to the channel new videos
every other day or something like that
drop a comment I read every single
comment and if you're a hunter fan
because he actually has fans all right
before you comment something mean
understand that I was just kidding
around and he was being really mean to
me so I had to fire back and his mom
likes my video so I'm a good guy anyways
that's gonna wrap it up thanks for
watching if you may have till the end do
all that good stuff and one more thing I
opened up a peel box right so you can
send me stuff like toys or whatever or
drawings where I can hang up on my wall
and be like hunter you know I'm saying
now if you want to send me stuff I want
to make a peel box opening a video type
thing you know make some more funny
videos so send me some funny stuff that
would be awesome
Twitter Instagram snapchat whatever
everything is down there come back for
next week's video but thanks for
watching it I will see you guys next
time
she's missing like the street
ah shit somebody come temper
