us now if we're talking body you got a
perfect one so put it on me
so we meet again back due to popular
demand everyone keeps asking me rice gum
do these kids must be stopped part three
all this stuff and I'm just like why not
you know it is my most popular series on
my channel everyone loves it except for
the kids fit and these type of veils get
a crap ton of views so I was like I'm
gonna keep whipping them out keep
blowing up and if you're new around here
or basically just gonna be watching
these videos called the music please and
you know it's a fun little app where
kids can make these no dancing music and
videos type stuff but there's kids on
there that are just too young and these
inappropriate things and I'm here to
critique them and just talk about them
so without further ado let's just begin
alright so let's just hop right into it
I'm on my computer you usually watch
these music leaves on your phone but
since it's so small and stuff I'm just
gonna put on my computer and we're gonna
watch them together and it's just hop
right into it man first one five two
with some attitude it's all good cuz
honestly I think it's kind of cute last
scene in the little black dress watch
out for those eyes cuz she's armed and
dangerous like POW hit you with that one
shot
hands up she said give me everything you
get is that a kid dude that was sad hey
that was a kid in the room I not only
was there a little young girl twerking
around popping her booty but a kid was
in there to witness every second of it
you know what did the kid do to deserve
this torture it's just I feel bad for
the kid man not the house I had no
option I was going through it with my
momma
juergen if Anessa had to play wrong to
smoking weed on your face cuz my head
there's so many things wrong with this
video why did he take off his shirt like
that was so unnecessary and like and
like dis girl thing she has a butt or
something is like look like she thinks
she has a butt or me at your 12 sweetie
come on
and like I'm literally getting dizzy
like it's just so much movement going on
and she actually has some really long
arms like for her to get this angle she
has some really nice long arms so that's
like the only thing she had like she dam
her arms are long like it that's the
only good thing she got going on for
herself right now I'm gushing like okay
nobody come here she's dancing like a
stripper somebody
another type of gushy like she's
literally dancing on the pole and she
should just stay here and condone that
activity like how do they know what
strippers dance like and they're just
like they think it's all fun and games
but it's not this is serious
where are our parents somebody come get
her
literally please baby I can Nicholas um
see if I do this every day I say often
as commonly cost you a little different
so often just gonna do I'm not sure if
you heard him but he said baby I can
make that pussy
hmm and then he humps the air right
after saying that he could make my pussy
rain all right and and these kids aren't
the only one like their salt like just
watch these ones baby I can Nick topless
you in stick baby I can Nick topless you
see Nick Douglas you see baby I can lick
that pussy when apparently they can all
make my pussy radar often apparently
often and like do their parents know
they're staying these type of stuff like
I know it's raining so I got my umbrella
right here you know I'm saying but like
their parents you know they don't know
or something like this is disgusting
she just split whoa where are her
parents dude I can't be watching this
type of stuff like I can go to jail or
something but like who is holding the
camera cuz it like seated this shadow
right here who else thought that this
was a good idea so I guess it's gonna
end my video thank you for watching I
don't know what to say after that but
like I get so much comments like rice
gum it's part of the a part the app is
for kids to dance around I know there's
a right way to use the app and there's
the wrong way I just showed you guys the
wrong way this is how you use the app
the right way be like this guy yeah guys
thank you so much for watching if you
made it to the animation you drop a
thumbs up I mean you did make it to the
end so you kind of like the video if you
made it to the end and I know if you
guys didn't notice I do read every
single comment but I'm at this point
where I'm kind of you know kind of
popular now where I'm getting so much
comments that I can't keep up but I'm
still trying to read every comment
alright I don't know how much longer I
can do this for but just comment your
opinions um subscribe if you haven't
subscribed what are you doing with your
life like drop a subscribe one more
thing a lot of you have been saying rice
gum all you're doing is winding it and
trying about these kids you're not doing
anything to stop them and I was like
dude you're right I'm not doing I'm all
talk but am I because I made a petition
or I just did you I can sign it
and if enough people sign it Barack
Obama can see it so these kids can be
stopped
I have faith link is in this scripture
I'm not even joking sign the petition
also my Twitter is down there too so you
might as well follow me why not right
I've been tweeting a lot lately I've
been following back people a lot lately
so follow me on Twitter you know tweet
at me or you know it's just funny stuff
but yeah man thank you so much for
watching another addition we're going on
your key alert bro tell me I don't like
Fetty WAP doe 1738 I'm
I said hello this is awesome you love it
and you gotta get a world tour is that a
world tour your girl's tour I know that
you've gotta be a thug for this saying
what she meant was she
