yo what is up guys rapport esto I'm back
for another video before being a
national si thank you so much for
150,000 subscribers like that so much
people I can't even process so if you're
subscribed if you watch my videos if you
like all my videos comment thank you so
much man it means the world to me it's
only January it's so early I don't even
know where I'm going to get into the
year so I'm gonna keep working hard but
just thank you
but anyways the other day I was super
bored and I was in the App Store and I
was trying to find some games in the App
Store and I came across an app and I'm
convinced that this is the best app out
there basically it's an app called face
swap and I'm not just show you guys how
awesome it is alright so on this Android
a condition is amazing on so I can just
go in and be anyone I want so i'ma just
search up dj khaled right and then okay
here we go
come on tell me I don't look like DJ
Conner right now another one another one
a major key alert but if I want to be a
porn star watch this I watch this right
now tell me I don't look like Kim K
right now man just tell me but yeah I
think this app is so cool and I didn't
really have a video idea so I decided to
just fool around with this a Paloma and
make a video uh uh hope you guys enjoy
and yeah Kim has like the ugliest crying
face like I'm so over it
she's such a freak why would you say
that about me you know how I feel you
put me in such an uncomfortable
situation yo wassup it's me Kanye and
I'm smashing Kim and Taylor imma let you
finish but Beyonce had the best music
video of all time of all time
another one another one another one
major key alert yo chef D was for
breakfast Ben how's business booming
claw talk major key alert bro tell me I
don't like Fetty WAP dough 17:38 I'm
late hey wassup hello this is awesome
you love it and get gotta get a world
tour is that a world tour your girl's
tour I know that you gotta be a thug for
they saying what she meant when she told
you to open no more yeah
trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers
yeah you give him buddy by singing nigga
I'm not the type of nigga data typing
niggas shut down all my boss bitches
wiping up my fellow Americans i'ma need
you guys to subscribe to rice games
channel you know it's me Tyga um Kylie
was getting too old so I had a head up a
14 year old I'm still looking for Molly
Rack City bitch it does what's up its me
sniffing curry except it's me money
Mayweather and I'm here to read a book
the the cat the cat the cat went went to
that house man fuck this shit man I'm
rich anyways baby rice club had to go
somewhere so I might just end the video
but thank you for making it to the end
of the video make sure you drop that
thumbs up major key to success alright
comment subscribe another one another
one
subscribe to the channel yeah guys I had
a lot of fun making this video is
actually a lot of money you know money
doesn't grow on trees it was $0.99 why
are my eyes tweek it out but thank you
so much for watching and yeah I had a
lot of fun making this video so make
sure you show some love some support
come back tomorrow for a new video go
watch my other stuff and if you think
I'm sexy
it's me Ariana then make sure you
subscribe cuz I'm sexy like such young
pussy like you could be a porn star you
could be a doctor you could be a
vegetarian you could be a porn star like
why would you ruin it like pushing up oh
man you know everyone knows that every
doctor has to have a good put you know
once your pussy is ruined you can't be a
doctor anymore and we get it are you
want to be a porn star I and I wouldn't
be surprised or in five years I might
run
