yo what is up guys is your boy ray stuff
back for another video and we were at a
different location I'm here my kitchen I
noticed that my channel has a lot of
variety
I have prank call fears I have blogs I
have slideshows but I don't have
anything to do with the food at all so
today I'm here to help you guys out
because why else am I here so today I'll
be sure you guys my go-to and favorite
snacks right and these snacks are
healthy easy to make delicious they're
so good and they're super cheap right so
I'm just here to help you guys and let's
just all right so let's say you just go
home from school right and you're hungry
you're starving long day at school got
bullied and shit
who knows open up the refrigerator and
you're just looking and you're just
pissed off because your mother did not
stock the refrigerator there's nothing
to eat and you're just like what the
Frick you know I mean so we're going to
make a sandwich I'm just filling a
sandwich so here we go got two pieces of
bread cop-out but it being better boo
and you want some ham and cheese right I
like him I like to use away there's no
ham there's no cheese so now you're
pissed off like what is there to eat
that's a fuck you to cover like what
like what am I going to do this I've
done this in the past but I mean like
why settle for that you know I'm saying
so no to cucumber so it's time to
improvise right so I go to my freezer
and here we go okay okay okay and look
at this dude we got the ice cubes man
clutch very clutch Wow wishes smells a
baby so I like to be kind of greedy I
put like I said I put like four on my
sandwich so here we go we got one two
three and this is what it should look
like man kids and after would kill for
this like it just looks looks amazing
aren't so here we go we got the sandwich
but let's say you're allergic to ice
right so you're like damn rice I would
want to eat this but I'm allergic to ice
but it's okay don't worry ramen noodles
everyone has one at home they're like
what like 20 steps up back open this bad
boy up and here we go
the ramen very cheap very affordable
very good I just put it on your sandwich
and I actually like to put the chicken
flavor on it I guess this is the chicken
player dude I'm so hyped right now and
then you know I just sprinkle some on
the thing I'm hives right ah here we go
look at this shit man you come home
school was hard you got bullied you got
stuffed in lockers come home to us
so you're like damn rice this shit looks
delicious but I want bread say no more I
open up the refrigerator got the
tortillas baby hairs are teleMed back to
the ice you already know man take it put
it on your ice cube taco man you already
go to this shit man oh this looks so
good just look at this perfection baby
you come home from school someone stole
your lunch money say no more Bao
so after that you need something to wash
it down right I got some water but water
is just boring it just is it I looked at
my fridge there's no soda juices or
anything I'm on the struggle there's
nothing so we're gonna improvise once
again I got so food coloring all right
and don't tell anybody
no cue so here we go got the food
coloring just put one truck in there oh
boy oh boy
it's just will be killer and then you
just want to shake this shit up
oh boy you got your cool you got
kool-aid this is fire man you got you
got your ramen noodle sandwich Wharf it
Val so yeah guys I'm just gonna finish
up all this position is just blessed but
you know if your girl ask you hey you
want to go to Cheesecake Factory TGI
Fridays Chili's you know all these fancy
steak houses and shit say you know I'm
gonna surprise you I'm a cook for you
and then you pull out these secret
recipes and she will be on the bed
spread wide open for you but yeah guys
thank you so much for watching I know
it's kind of short sure than my other
videos but I just had to know show you
guys my special ingredients man but if
you guys did enjoy please drop a like my
last Vil I asked for literally at 6000
likes all right so the last vote ended
up getting 20,000 likes which I don't
know how so just show some love thumbs
up subscribe for tomorrow's upload
comment your opinions and actually go
try it come upstairs and comment
something like Oh rice you saved my life
cuz this shit like dishes bomb but a
chef rice is signing out OCS tomorrow
he tries to roast me boy you legit look
like a burn sweet potato with her little
crocodile hair boy look at this kids
hair oh my gosh
