hey guys um it's me again and I've been
kind of sad lately I've been getting
bullied lately and there's this kid on
the Internet he's 13 years old and he's
been flaming me and and he's been
roasting me and making fun of me and I
don't know what to do basically it all
started with me making a video called
these kids must be stars where I talk
about kids that you know we're young and
doing stuff that I felt like they
shouldn't be doing which was my opinion
and one of the kids I talked about in
the video saw my video and he was
live-streaming one day and he was
watching my video and just making fun of
me and bullying me and it made me really
sad and um here are my reactions to it
all right
rice gum oh gosh all right I will say my
last go got 900 comments and I was
reading through all of them once again I
read all comments and a lot of the
comments were just like oh no no one
said that you have no supporters
I have no supporters hey so I just
opened up a browser and I'm gonna go to
youtube and I'm gonna go to my channel
over here and look at this number right
here right look at that shit I have no
supporters I have a little bit of
support I mean I don't have none and
then I can also go to my comments right
and you know here's are all the comments
on all of my videos and I can actually
search up so he said that no one said do
more because I have no supporter so I
just typed and do more it's gonna search
up everyone that ever said do more in my
comments so look at this do more of
these videos you have to do more please
you know huge fan do more yo what the
fuck man I'm crying tears do more you
know and this was only from a day ago so
that guy got some good you know I got
some good support thank you for
supporting the channel everyone I love
you guys now but that wasn't only from a
day ago and I can scroll down to like a
month ago and people will keep saying
look please do more this video please do
more like
I mean it just people at do molar - more
rice dog do more of this do more please
like people actually like me I don't
know how but they actually do he tries
to roast me boy
you legit look like a burn sweet potato
with your little crocodile hair boy look
at this kids hair oh my gosh what is
that it looks like it got like dented by
like mercury or something look like you
got pooped out of an alien boy boy Jacob
you will mean that take it why I know I
like a sweet potato I know I have
crocodile hair you didn't have to talk
about it like that
boy you Jin look like a crusty sweet
potato all right
I'm so sorry crusty what it's one thing
to call me an alligator hair and a
potato but crusty sweet potato that's
just too far you're just crossing the
line it is not okay bad he needs some
milk somebody go find him some milk like
he'll take anything he can get art and
you guys have some milk please donate it
to rice I was just thinking and I was
like they never deserve those insults
because like he's 13 right so those were
his best insults ever like those were
his go-to insults and like I don't think
I deserved it cuz I'm in a nine minute
video and I talked about him for one
minute like not even a minute I don't
think but I said like - like this is all
I said
I don't know if it has heard it as
fucker just said I'll be drunk texting
you he'll be drunk texting I'd even text
at the age of 13 let alone drunk test I
mean I don't know if he knows what that
means by drunk texting I mean yeah guys
like rice man she's just a little care
to hang it you know just trying to make
some good videos I mean it gets worse
but I mean just seriously though drunk
texting : there there's so many songs to
pick for I did make a pretty good point
I mean serious though I'll be drunk
texting you you know I mean like he's
like is kind of young and I doubt he
drinks alcohol and stuff I mean I know
it's just a song but like you know I
mean I made a good I mean but like
that's not have been that harsh and like
he's gonna call me a potato head like
that's messed up bro cuz like I'm in
Psych here now nah but all seriousness
Jacob that was really mean and you know
I was gonna roast you like I was
literally gonna make a five-minute
villagers boy you look like you know
olgerd I was gonna roast him back but
like I was like - wrong does it make a
right I'm more mature like I'm 19 he's
13 right so I didn't want any no just
roasted back and you know it looks kind
of weird if a 19 year old it's kind of
bully a 13 year old and if I made him
crying could sue me and just all his
other stuff so I just didn't want to do
that so I just made a slideshow
thank you for watching the one time if
you guys did enjoy please drop a like
and comment your opinions on the whole
situation I do read all comments and
let's really get six thousand likes
alright so thumbs it up join the team
and subscribe you know more to come so
subscribe and if you are a jacob
clitoris victus he actually has fans
right so if you're a fan of em and don't
hate me i mean like he kind of started
he called me sweet potato head and
that's really messed up and like
crocodile hairline that's really mean so
i had the fire back and yeah take it
it's just it's pretty overwhelming the
first time i saw this man I nearly
fainted but I'm gonna break it down for
you guys so here we have the lady
wearing the contraction no wearing the
pants that kind of like compresses your
legs and supports your butt up while it
pokes it out and you know just makes
your butt look nice cuz this is cheating
