yo what is up guys is your boy rice
coming back for another video and
something really crazy just happened I
just hit a hundred thousand subscribers
on YouTube which is insane and I don't
know how this happened but I'll take it
and just if you ever watched my videos
or if you're subscribed or comment or
like my bills thank you so much and know
keep doing that and you know just I I
love you I was supposed to do a Q&A with
my mommy no honey case special but she's
been really busy lately I've been busy
also so that video is gonna be postponed
a tad bit but it will happen but I
couldn't just not upload for like a week
straight so I decided to put together a
really interesting video so I was on
Twitter the other day right and there's
no surfing around Twitter and I came
across this picture and I was like I
have to make a video about it so as you
guys can see you know this is a lot to
take in just it's pretty overwhelming
the first time I saw this man I nearly
fainted but I'm gonna break it down for
you guys so here we have the lady
wearing the contraption no wearing the
pants that kind of like compresses your
legs and supports your butt up while it
pokes it out and you know it just makes
your butt look nice cuz this is cheating
you know I mean it just is and just look
at the before and after pictures and
just look at the difference it makes man
just like if you're a girl this can
honestly change your life when you can
be a girl that no one really pays
attention to and then boom you wear the
butt laughter mm now ever wants to be
your friend and everyone's trying to
smash and this makes me mad cuz my whole
life I've been prepared and alert and
just ready you know I mean just if I see
a girl with some nice tits
or some nice boobs and I'm just like you
know what they're nice but she might be
wearing a push-up bra I want to grow out
a cute face you know how they she's cute
but she might have makeup on or you know
eyeshadow foundation and stuff like that
I was prepared but when it came to booty
I just gave him my trust you know I just
trusted them I was like you know she's
probably been squatting but now with
this invention outages it just changes
everything
like this one time I was at Starbucks
and there was this girl ordering her
coffee and she was like bent over on the
counter you know poking her butt out and
I was peeping it
I was like goddamn girl you kicked up
and just thinking back I'm just like
what she really kicked up or was she
wearing one of these you like you just I
just I just don't know
since we're on the topic of girls trying
to fool us I might as well just throw
this in there like nowadays Twitter and
Instagram is so popular and no girls are
always taking these selfies and stuff
but like there's some girls out there
that Photoshop their pictures like look
at this picture right here right so
there's these two white girls right and
you're like being a white girls are
evolving but are they though if you zoom
in just look at the background it does
it looks like it's swerving like kobol
like that was a really bad example but
there's actually girls other they're
actually good at Photoshop but it's not
even that hard though like if I can do
it anyone can all right so I'm here on
Photoshop I'm about to show you guys how
easy it is to photoshop a booty on a
girl I have a picture of some random
girl on the Internet she's actually
pretty sexy but she got that pancake
booty right but I'm gonna fix that so
all you do is just use this tool and you
just want to drag your booty out a tad
bit you know give yourself some def some
mass on the ass
you feel me okay dude this shit oh my
god dude I just gave myself an ass like
I literally just gave myself an ass like
what like look at that shit BAM you know
is it doesn't look too crazy and you
know I got that Kim K now you already
know I'm telling you man before you make
her your woman crush wooden thing
do your research I might as well just
throw this picture and there you guys
are part of like what's wrong with this
one so men like does she think we're
stupid or something are we blind she
literally went to snapchat or Microsoft
pay and really drew herself it has a
black marker like what like I'm you
girls aren't slick you know I'm one step
ahead of you guys but yeah that's gonna
conclude my vid I didn't want to make a
quick little helping you guys out cuz
you guys helped me out you know
subscribing liking helps me out I'm
helping you guys out with exposing these
girls you know what I mean making guys
laugh and stuff like that but if you are
a guy out there please be careful and I
actually have quite a bit of grilled
euros now so if you're a girl out there
then you don't have to do all this but
lift their 2004 Oh shots you have to do
that your
actually beautiful do you boo boo you
already know but yeah if you did enjoy
the video make sure you drop a like that
helps a lot and if you laughed at all
comments something funny I do read every
comment and if you haven't already then
what are you waiting for subscribe we're
hitting 200,000 next month and if you're
the person that invented the butt lifter
thingy then square the fuck up cuz like
I have to be your Escalade oh dude I
said right here no but you can sit on
this dude Punk you can eat this dude
alright man where do I begin man first
off they look really young I would say
mmm 1213 years old maybe at bath and
they're over here speaking like this you
know oh can I lay here only on this dick
I'm hungry he just told her to eat his
dick I mean that's just inappropriate
it's this kind of off topic but like
where are her eyebrows
