yo what is up guys room where eyes come
back for another video before we start I
just want to say thank you for 90,000
subscribers right it's insane we're
almost 100 thousand just keep keep
pushing we'll get there but today I have
a very special video so you guys know
that I have a little series on my
channel where I talk about these kids
must be stopped where I show a video is
about kids that you know dance around
are just to job doing very inappropriate
stuff and I thought like these type of
videos were like the worst of the worst
and you know that there was nothing more
disturbing but um I was wrong basically
I was surfing around the internet the
other day and I came across an app
called dub smash right similar to fine
and musically where you make these
cutesy cutesy you know videos of
yourself and you know everyone's like oh
yeah that's so cool but there's always
those people that just ruin it for
everybody it just makes everyone look
bad and you know that's why I'm here in
a roast oh oh all right so let's just
begin I'll lay put on my headset I'm on
my computer today basically you watch
the time a dub smashes on your phone but
since it's hard to hook up and stuff
like that I just went on YouTube I typed
in dub smash relationshipgoals
compilation right so and look at 6
million views right and then everyone
loves it as you see by the thumbs-up and
thumbs-down oh yeah these next videos
I'm about to show you guys are basically
are supposed to be relationship goals
and you know if you don't know what that
means since it's you know a pretty weird
term basically if you see a couple or if
you see people dating and they're doing
some cute stuff you know holding hands
on the beach and shit you're like oh my
god relationship goals I want this so
bad it's a really stupid term but you
know that's what it means and um let's
just hop right into it hello right here
ah but ukuleles dude I said right here
no but you can sit on this dude punk you
can eat this dude
alright man where do I begin man first
off they look really young I would say
mmm 12 13 years old maybe at bath and
they're over here speaking like this you
know Oh can't lay here only on this dick
I'm hungry
he just told her to eat his dick I mean
that's just inappropriate
off-topic but like where her eyebrows
like like why doesn't she have eyebrows
what it's not that simple what do you
want what do you want tell me on the
what you guys do realize that there's
people at home you know watching this
they're like oh my dad relationshipgoals
I want this so bad but like this shit
isn't even cutely it's just corny and
it's it honestly makes me not want to
have a girlfriend on his offer
it wasn't like where are her eyebrows i
watch me whip kill it i watch me nae nae
okay i watch me well we're really
putting no effort into this i come on
man put some effort watch me nae nae now
watch me where the penis for you but
amina first what do you just saying like
these guys are in middle school and
they're saying stuff like this man just
unacceptable about the motherfucking
portion on it - don't see cycle they
honestly have no rhythm like at least
have some rhythm of your step it's
honestly just dis couple and another
couple you know going at it man who can
make the worst videos like honestly we
fight you tell me when i'm being an
arrogant son of a bitch and i tell you
when you're being a pain in the ass
they're honestly like not even
lip-synching correctly and they just
want a kiss like they just want an
excuse to kiss and they're not even
doing it right man not waiting your
banana in my face I don't even want it
well just kidding I got it
like that actually just made me mad man
like did you just see what happened she
said stop with your banana in my face
and she said oh just kidding if she gets
on her knees and just look at this guy
staring in my eyes bro stop it man and
like he looks down what's that tingling
sensation these couples must be stopped
this is not cute didn't like this is not
cool this is not okay and for people to
be like oh my god these guys are so cute
it's just it just blows my mind
something crazy will you marry me
can I say something even crazier yes
ah look I don't just look at him just
hug it out so much relationshipgoals
alright psych you kick he'll know two
three I'll be dead why you can't
disrespect it oh no cards start working
like finally start working like like
she's not even twerking like what are
they doing like these couples man
just stop someone just stop these guys
please hi guys all gonna end my video
but I came across something very
interesting so I came across a new
compilation it says cute brother and
sister gold right
and um so you know I didn't see it
there's an age different have eyebrows I
don't fucking know what's going on with
the eyebrow Gabe but you know this just
she looks older if she looks about 14 he
looks eight now he's probably Ted she's
what 1415 and they're over here you know
making these dub smashes right but I
came across a very you know it is not
really awkward cuz like hold on I'm a
skip to right here just be like that
shit boyfriend mmm yeah bit that's my
boyfriend I'll smack them right out your
mouth no job but I thought they were
brother and sister so they're dating
that's disgusting I know it gets worse
like like watch this one hold on but you
go lay on this dude I said right here no
but you can sit on this dude punk you
can eat this
it like their brother and sister and
they have like this little you know
relationship going on
you know they someone need to tell their
parents or they're about to fuck around
and have a kid that has like three arms
so I came to the conclusion that she
doesn't have eyebrows um I don't know
where they went I just well I think
that's gonna conclude my view if you
guys made it to the end man thank you
for watching another video I know you
guys enjoyed it cuz you made it to the
end so make sure you slam that like
button and if you think that these
couples must be stopped all right make
sure you comment tell me what you think
I do read every comment and make sure
you like the video you know that helps a
lot and if you haven't already please
subscribe join the journey do it's gonna
be a long one
we're about to hit a honey k any day now
probably like two to three days easily
but yeah I know I'm gonna get quite a
bit of haters are gonna be coming like
oh my god I live these guys alone you
know let them you know do their thing oh
they're in love and you know first off
they're not loved they hardly even know
how to do algebra why do you think
they're in love it is a free world and
they can keep making out and they can
keep making these videos and you know
having no rhythm and no eyebrows you
know and brother and sister weird shit
you know they can do all that and I mean
it's a free world but these are just my
opinions if you think I'm a mean person
I'm not I was just irritated you know I
mean check out my other vids I'm
actually a cool guy but thank you for
watching and I will see you guys
tomorrow
who's the thing that I do want to say is
she doesn't even look 14 when I what
like she looks 19 like I really want to
know what they're feeding her and like
what she's drinking cuz like she looks
like
