hey guys um it's me again back for
another video before I start I just
really want to say that this is a very
serious video and you guys should
definitely watch it till the end because
you guys have to hear me out so I was on
Twitter today and I was just chilling Oh
scrolling down Twitter and I saw this
tweet that said something along the
lines of Tyga gets caught texting a
fourteen-year-old girl but we had an
article linked to it so I click on the
article alright go ahead like this
picture of like a news magazine and on
the news magazine had the picture of the
fourteen-year-old girl but it was like
kind of blurred out so I couldn't really
tell like what she looked like so you
know I didn't really think too much of
it I just carried on with my day so like
two hours passed and I was on Twitter
again you know just surfing around
Twitter and I saw another tweet that
says like fourteen-year-old girl speaks
out on Tyga situation and it had an
article linked to it so I click on the
article alright and in the article it
had a video linked you know to the
article so I click on the video and the
second I click on the video I was like
oh shit basically in the video she just
talks about how her and Tyga met ain't
no just her explained the whole
situation which I really don't give a
shit about but what kind of caught my
attention was a fourteen-year-old girl
that Tyga was talking to uh I actually
know her and I'm actually friends with
her and I actually follow her on Twitter
and she follows me on Twitter and to
leave the end before and we've talked
before and the craziest thing is in the
video where she talks about the whole
situation and she talked about Tyga she
says I began to feel uncomfortable when
he asked me to FaceTime with him he
asked me to FaceTime three times but I
didn't do it I also asked her to
FaceTime
and I didn't know that she was 14 I
didn't know and I asked her to FaceTime
and I know you guys can never look at me
like the same way guys are like rice why
did you do this to us and I'm just so
sorry
I also DM there the saying I think
you're cute thank you for following me
back and just I shouldn't have said that
I just shut it I know that if I didn't
tell anybody that no one would find out
and no what no but I just couldn't live
with myself just I can't sleep in I just
couldn't look myself in the mirror just
knowing that TM 14-year old girl
no one knows this but I was on her
Instagram one day I saw her picture and
I was like god damn I would pound those
cheeks which is 40 just too young all
right
we're just a prank guys I'm not even
remotely sad but one thing that I do
want to say is she doesn't even look 14
like what like she looks 19 like I
really want to know what they're feeding
her and like what she's drinking cuz
like she looks like she's old
another thing is why is tithing or
talking to other girls alright he's
dating Kylie Jenner which is super hot
10/10 would bang and he's over here
talking to other girls I don't even care
if this Molly girl with like 21
why is he you know trying to talk to
other girls like I honestly think
there's something wrong with this guy
and one more thing the fourteen-year-old
girl in the video right and why she was
explaining the whole taga thingy
she was crying right and so I was like
why are you crying like what is she
crying about you crying cuz Tyga hit you
up like that literally makes no sense
but then again she is 14 and
she's really young but like I still
can't even cross it like
fourteen-year-old girls aren't supposed
to look like that like they're supposed
to look like this and she's looking like
that like it just doesn't make sense but
yeah guys I think that's gonna conclude
my video thank you so much for watching
if you made it to the end please drop a
thumbs up and if you think that she
doesn't even look for teen drop a like
so I know what everyone's thinking
comment and you read every single
comment and last week we hit 50,000
subscribers and look where we're at now
just look at that number it's crazy so
please subscribe if you haven't already
join us on the journey thank you for any
doubt subscribers and so crazy it's
gonna be a long journey so you might as
well join us now but uh thank you for
watching another video from your one and
only and Kylie Jenner if you're watching
this please follow me on Twitter see the
chick I can ground way to chime in and
send every dime wait and buzzes oh yo
what is this she's like 5 years old
where are her parents first of all why
she even have a phone why does she have
a cellular device or
