yeah what is up everybody how are you
guys doing I just want to say how is
this year already ending I could have
sworn it just started and I know I said
this last year I said last year was the
best year of my life but honestly I
think this year was the best year of my
life I just did so much more things and
I just kept going up and guess what next
year is gonna be the best year of my
life I'm just gonna keep making every
year the best year of my life yeah guys
christmas is coming up and actually
notice a lot of other youtubers dropping
Christmas songs I think Logan's are
playing a christmas dish track I kinda
wanted to do that but I mean I guess he
beat me too and then also Jake talked
the Christmas song where I guess people
said that he was talking shit about me
careers looking like one-minute rice
career looking like Santa gave you life
watch your best friends too cuz when I
hit it twice I'm not sure if he was
talking about me or someone else
I don't know regardless it is the
Christmas spirit it's all about
positivity man there's no point of even
dissident when it's Christmas and the
thing is but a lot of these youtubers
are smart because at first I was
confused I was like why are these
youtubers dropping these Christmas songs
like early December it's not even
Christmas yet but then I thought about
it as soon as Christmas and every
Christmas song becomes irrelevant so I
should have posted this Christmas song a
lot earlier since I opposed it tomorrow
you guys gonna listen to it for like two
three days and then Christmas is over
and the song is just gonna not make any
sense yeah I should have planned this
out earlier but look I really really AM
in the jolly mood and I actually did
make a Christmas song if you guys are
expecting a dish track like me actually
rapping like trust me 2018 I have so
many songs save up but I just really
wanted to be more positive so you two
can put me in the rewind on top of that
you know I just really want to make a
Christmas song so I'll get guys a sneak
peek tomorrow I have a straight-up video
shoot I have fake snow coming I have
reindeers I have girls dressed up I have
a black Santa I just I don't know it's
gonna be at the music video and that's
dropping tomorrow I'll give you guys a
sneak peek today then
Merry Christmas everybody
yeah yeah yeah is you not your you nice
a unique vector with Rhys de Sandoval
coming tonight you might go punch with
his lies and play go fight like a kind I
know this just what you like so the risk
I roll the dice and my wrists look like
that I stayed up in the sleigh for the
night hold up about to take flight
if you come with me tonight and I know
this is you nod yo you guys you might go
fight for these lines Center go coming
tonight up for this land let's ride a
250 for the LOB a red nose a leg with
our fake tap-dance on a new object every
day gave to the moolah a is the Slayer
by the take-off lights black light rays
cause mass whips like our race cars if
you hate come Jay Paul jennett come up
to the hairs boy I know your ass real
fuck the cookies you get bills I'm just
trying to cut these mail if you better
give her mark old represents another
north Paul how you hang me more though
he's not spoiling the morals is you 9
you might go punch his lies and go fight
like a canary
I know this just what you like my
brother dies like that I stay in this
place for the night this year was an
amazing guys all so much once again this
month I actually posted a ton of vlogs
because I was practicing I was like next
year 2080 I want to post every single
day so I think I'm trained I think I'm
ready also I have a ton of new musics
just ready for 2018 like I made it this
year just for next year like I'm
planning anyways the future is look
you're real bright but love sneak peek
Christmas song and do not forget to
watch the official music built Amaro
actually vivo is you know you're you
nice
you ain't fucking with Rhys thanks
animal coming tonight you might go back
to these lies
