yo what is up guys your boy rice coming
back for another video and before I
start man
thank you for all the love and support
recently had just been so crazy but
today I have a very special veal for you
guys I uploaded a vid about a month ago
titled these kids must be stopped right
it turned out to be my most popular
video on my channel and the other day I
was on the internet and I found some
more kids that must be stopped in our
auto control so I just time to make a
part 2 cuz why not similar to my last
video all the clips that I will be
showing are from the app musically it's
basically at where kids can you know
lip-synch and make cute little videos
but just some kids you know just take it
too far and they're to jump and I'm just
here to put end to it but yeah guys I
hope you guys enjoyed the video and sit
back and relax you know actually one
more thing if you guys thought part one
was bad alright this video that I'm
about to show you guys is just so much
worse these kids must alright so lets
begin but first off I repeat the hair
hair is always on point but I do need a
haircut though but still you basically
watch these type of musical ease on your
phone but I save them down to my
computer it's a lot easier on my end but
let's just get this over with you know
stop stalling let's just jump right into
it industries in the dress with her hair
tied up
I can be a freaking decision
alright man first off she's like in what
third grade and she's talking about dis
stuff why she looks so innocent and she
just said I'll be a freak in the sheets
in the bed with my hands tied up or like
some sexual shit which is unacceptable
like her parents should like tie her up
in her room and like not let her go
anywhere cuz I mean she's just out of
control I mean she's in third grade for
God's sake come on
like what do a Sat rocky really needs to
chill what is she doing like we're kids
nowadays doing like she must be stopped
going get this song good cut away what
like what is going through his mind
right now like he's part of like oh yeah
all these girls about to be like fall in
love with this tongue action but in
reality he's like just making himself
look really weird in just you know just
not cool
alright so those other videos and I can
explain Oh like just kids trying to look
sexy no it just looks embarrassing but I
don't know what she's doing she just
took a sip of water spit it out
did then drink it again then pour it on
her head like just no car then we
fucking Gaby catch and she's like this
shit like look at that lip bite like
does she think she's sexy or something
like she looks like she's 12 years old
in like penguin years and she's over
here like dancing and stuff to the sex
all that song just said when we effing I
be catching chills so like when we
effing I like it's a sec song she's like
12 years old like this shit just has to
stop I just need a chick I can grant way
to travel in and spend every dime wait
and buzzes oh yo what is this she's like
five years old where are her parents
first of all why she even have a phone
why does she have a cellular device
right and I think our I think there it
is tap why does she have a tattoo decide
no joke let me clear my so I wanna make
I do I can't watch this dude I'm gonna
get locked up or something if my parents
walk in on me dude there's so much
explaining snappy singers d step you can
do it on my own self baby girl what's
your name let me talk to you let me buy
you drink oh snap you what the fuck what
kind of drink was he gonna buy her meat
oh please let me buy you drink let me
buy you drink alright guys well I guess
that's gonna conclude my video another
addition of these kids must be stopped
it seriously this is way worse than the
first time please spread somewhere to
share this to all your friends because
these kids must be stopped alright but
if you guys enjoyed the video please
comment just your opinion I have to know
if you haven't already please subscribe
and go watch my other shit cuz that she
is as lit and make sure you like the
video let's try to hit 4k alright now
I've been hitting 3k easily lately let's
go for 4k but thank you so much for
watching and if you're a hater cuz like
my last video that I made about these
kids must be stopped part one got a lot
of hate comments from like little
butthurt kids saying all these kids can
do what they want leave these kids alone
which is true they can do whatever they
want but like I'm trying to help them
out cuz in five years they're gonna look
back and be like what was I doing like
cut like you know I'm here to help
people good vibes positive you already
know man ah 2016 I'm on the grind I'm on
the come-up but thank you for watching
again and I will see you guys next time
there's just you know so much you know
doors in the world and so much
opportunities that you guys should be
doing is I'll have to tell your body
because I've never made but it easy but
it's easier to go to a hotel room and
suck a dick cousin I need to do anything
else
