yo what is up guys your boy rice come
back for another video and this is my
first video of 2016 before we start I
just want to say thank you so much for
70,000 subscribers that's so awesome you
guys are the best I can already tell
that this year is gonna be a great year
and I don't really want to start this
year off with a freaking big man so
today we will be prank calling
prostitutes if you don't know what a
prostitute is either also known as
hookers or escorts but basically they
charge money for sex so for instance you
pay them and I have sex with you it's
pretty weird job to have but I just
thought it would be funny to call them
so I'm gonna call all right so let's
begin I'm actually really nervous and
excited at the same time if you guys
don't know if you ever want to call
prostitutes alright thank me later go to
backpage.com that's where i'ma find all
these numbers to call these girls but
let's just hop right into it new in town
ready to see we are ultimate experience
sugar spice and sinfully nice
tantalizing tempting are I stop with
this poem shit but you know besides from
the poetry they're actually pretty
attractive over here it's actually like
a bundle to package deal I actually want
to try something so I might give him a
little call hurry oh hello is this
Chelsey and Brit okay hey what's up I
was on Backpage and I just saw your
picture and I was like oh my god is like
the most prettiest road I've ever seen
I'm just like you guys don't have to do
this like you guys are so pretty English
like model or something okay and there's
just you know so much you know doors in
the world and so much opportunities that
you guys should be doing is don't have
to sell your body because I've never
made but it easy but it's easier to go
to a hotel room and suck a dick cousin I
need to do anything else well will you
be a model have you done right it's not
saved God calm okay
hi I'm Lilly and I am here for you right
now offering full stress relief let's
get slippery with body to body okay
whatever
right and she's Asian she's pretty hot
in a pretty hot asian um I guess I'll
give her a call
alone yet hey I called you earlier I was
trying to get some services yeah uh are
you the girl in the picture no oh what
do you look like yeah you me are you I'm
not I'm at the cell point-o hotel right
yeah you want you want a fever cure you
wanna people to have a ride what did you
say
your life you want you you're a while
Buffy go to a girl right Pikachu eat
your girl what way what are your prices
a lot of therefore our how much 500 Wow
oh hello is this the right is this the
girl on Backpage yeah Oh what are you
selling of Tyler but what do you sound
like that like what oh what's wrong with
your voice and I thought that uh you
were sucking too much dick I want
awesome awesome hey boys I'm exotic
beauty who enjoys having a good time I'm
outgoing with a great personality yeah
oh yeah yeah her bio sucks but look at
these pictures right she's actually hot
right you guys were saying oh my gosh
she's hot but wait
she's a liar the girl nest picture is
actually like this very famous Instagram
girl named Demi rose or whatever I
follow her I so she's a fraud but I'm a
caller cuz she has some explaining to do
Helen hey are you are you this girl in
this picture on Backpage okay yeah
what's that baby
awesome I'm just chillin I think that's
the right number oh yeah and you're
super happy today are you sound super I
am baby
yeah are you are you free right now I um
I don't tell anyone I'm at the South
Point right now
okay Clos well I mean I can head over do
you have two hundred forty two hundred
for how long right now I an hour
hmm I collide do you do foot jobs I'm
sure I mean I'm open-minded to fetishes
honey I think I found my first milf all
right 510 Burnett with green eyes 36ddd
breasteses um and there's what she looks
like
okay not bad if you ask me I'm into
milfs are so i'ma give her a call hello
hello hey hey hello uh are you the girl
on our back page yes I am what's up um
how much are you charging for an hour
I charge four hundred an hour goddamn I
mean is there like any like is there any
like uh I'm the girl in the picture and
I'm a very good shape for my a title I
don't go for pennies and I don't do that
100 plus v fuck that I'm not an agency
girl I do a flat rate okay well I said
um okay awesome no yes sir you're 35
right yep goddamn green eyes and
everything hear me I'm in my I'm in my
fucking car you can tell because I'm on
the separate thing Oh word I'm at the
South Point right now at the South Point
okay you're you close and why I'm why he
said god damn for was that about
I mean like 400 is a lot but you know I
mean it's not a lot that's not a lot
shit there throw the charge of thousand
you're lucky yeah yeah night yeah true
to shoot yeah but a Matt holiday my
minimum is three hundred that's why he
to come but I don't say a whole hour for
300 I say a whole hour for for at least
a be alright I'll say up to an hour or
you 10 15 minutes dude really go out in
front of me
it might check out sorry yeah but like I
was just looking at your picture and I
was like god damn she's so beautiful
beauty cost money honey exactly know
that I called you and I was like just
thinking like can't you be doing
something better with your life like cuz
there's so much no opportunity
I have another business honey this case
for my other business that I have I had
to jot Oh which I go to school I have
plus I have cue card payments and a
house so yes I do why do you say stuff
like that you don't know me I mean yeah
but like I'm a personal trainer as well
I have a business of my own just help K
for that with my clients
you know don't book you over they decide
to wait on me it paid for my yeah yeah
but do you have kids though yeah I have
kids I do they know they know I'm an
entertainer and they know that I'm a
personal trainer yes my kids know
they're teenagers damn that's crazy
I can't don't like it you're damn
they're grown they don't ask me
questions they they don't mind rocking
their Air Force Ones and their fucking
basketball jersey when I get me so they
could care less about how mom get their
money really well I guess that's gonna
conclude my view I actually recorded out
trail last night and I rewatched it I
didn't really like it you know it was
just super weird and honestly this whole
entire video was super weird and I felt
super awkward just calling these
prostitutes for some reason I have no
idea but I think it turned out pretty
good if you guys enjoyed the video
please drop a like and please comment
your opinions on what these girls were
saying and stuff like that that would be
awesome and subscribe if you haven't
already this video as she took a route
of make because like prostitutes they
get prank-called so often that whenever
they hear something you know fishy that
would just hang up immediately there
honestly just trying to get this money
as fast as possible so it was pretty
hard to make this video but I pulled
through and you know we actually learned
two things you know one thing is girls
are so expensive like there was no
Christmas package deal or anything
and also sucking dick is easier than
anything in the world apparently
according to that one girl you know
sucking dick is easier than being a
doctor or whatever which I guess is it's
true whatever if she does make a pretty
good point but if you guys enjoyed the
video upload a new bill tomorrow so be
on lookout for that subscribe and do all
the other jizzy jazzy but thank you so
much watching the video and I will see
you guys next time
