yo what is up guys your boyfriend's
going back for another video and before
we start I I'm not wearing no basic ass
hoodie alright look at this shit that is
that Ralph polo what you know about that
anyways we all know that 2015 is almost
over like a couple more days and we're
on to the new year so I decided to end
this year on a bed basically I was on
YouTube yo today and I think I might
have found the weirdest videos on
YouTube now I seen some pretty weird
stuff on YouTube and I'm pretty sure you
have - I've seen freaking two turtles
having sex or like six black girls
getting hit by a car I just random weird
weird stuff but this just takes the cake
one more thing before we start make sure
you have earphones or headphones on
like this or something you know it's
just earphones or something if you don't
have your phones that make sure to blast
our volume as loud as possible or just
borrow your freaking sisters Barbie
headset or something but it's just
really weird videos just watch it with
me
and if you are creeped out then I made
my point so let's begin
all right but first off you know keep
the hair okay okay and keep the Rauf all
right we in here but you always have to
have the headset I'm telling you man
headset will make this video so much
more enjoyable alright so first things
first I'm just a typing strip in the
search bar ASMR bad answer and it's
gonna bring me to this page which is
videos about issome are you guys part
confuse as fuck right now I'm confused
too I click on the first video
another of my videos
pleasant
Christmas or
fuck out of here with that hot-ass
breath boy if you're confused at all
it's cuz she's literally whispering I
can hardly bit understand her but
basically you guys know how there's like
a gaming section of YouTube pranking
section of YouTube well there's
literally a community where people just
make these type of ASMR videos which
stands for like automative sounds
something something super long if you
caught all the bullshit
it basically means I'm a whisper in your
ear and be as weird as possible hi first
things first bed her hands are honestly
so sticky that when she puts it over the
microphone like what like when she pulls
it away you hear her skin like pulling
away cuz they just gave her boyfriend a
handjob or something
uh first off why she wearing a hood like
does she think she's cool or something
second off what is she saying
like the first brother kind of
understood but this girl is whispering
out of control you know how those like
prank videos have those like titles that
click that you like you know gone wrong
prank backfires uh gone sexual kissing
prank gun pulled gone anal right now
just all these weird titles that you
know try to grab your attention well an
some ARS
have the same exact thing bro you're
cupping mic brushing rubber gloves and
kisses like the people in the other like
oh my god kisses okay we in there we in
so you know how our hands kind of like
sound sticky right because she has
gloves on you know that other girl did
not have gloves on so her hands were
already sticky I'll convince someone
like nutted in her hand
did that bitch ass spray water what the
bitches sprayed water and this video is
two hours long so she really makes
noises for two hours long she got
200,000 views I don't even get that much
views if you think those videos were
weird you haven't even seen weird yet
you trying to uh meet old compartment
for your glasses wait is that the one
that you weigh right now do you mind if
I take a look yeah thank you I'm having
weird glasses where did you get that
from like she's still whispering and
stuff but you know I know I got I got
throw a curveball there you know make
them feel like I'm fitting their suit
you know roleplay you know it also feels
like point-of-view porn
I think it looks so elegant
I have something luckiest silhouette in
this shirt stop it stop it look you
don't mind him but Nina did I am rock
solid right now there's honestly so many
different role players like she's trying
to do my makeup right now oh well you
missed the spot but look two million
views this shit really has 2 million
views like she's doing a haircut
simulation roleplay I'm doing your hair
like imma put on the sound right quick
oh dude the sounds are just amazing how
does this have 3 million views oh great
a freaking military role play awesome
like who watches this type of stuff like
2 million views oh my I mean honestly if
this is how you get views then say no
more
hey guys bring you an ASMR video I'm
kind of new to the ASMR community but I
know a life you guys that are watching
really likes old noises so I got a
little song for you guys yeah you like
that remote control yeah you like that
jeno 69 baby yeah I know you like that
also can make some kissing noises yeah I
got the scissors baby the scissors
I might just cut your hair now let's go
save that for another video but yeah
that is gonna conclude my video if you
enjoyed the video please drop a like and
if you are offended by this video that I
am sorry if you either make these videos
or if you watch these videos I'm sorry
anyone can do whatever they want so for
instance you can make these videos all
you want or you can watch these videos
all you want you know no one's judging
you you do
you write and then same with that I can
do whatever I want or just saying my
opinion on and I just had to add that in
there because I made a feel similar to
this where I was just making some
humorous remarks you know about a
certain type of people and then that
video got 5,000 dislikes which I don't
know why but if you enjoyed this video
make sure you drop a like and comment I
repeat all comments and we were at fifty
seven thousand subscribers so I'm trying
to 60,000 foot for 2016 so if you guys
can help me I would love you forever if
you subscribe if you hate me I love you
and if you love me I love you more bye
guys
