look at my down down look at my down yo
what is up guys you're asking I
literally just woke up I'm about to edit
my video so I just finished editing my
video that was like three hours of just
editing anything is so boring
but I had to do it man it's rendering
right now compare super slow but yeah
about to go take a nap wake up and enjoy
my Christmas day alright so I'm about to
eat some break fast um God what is ur T
I mean like this she got hella sauces it
shit let's see I think I might go with
the uh I made some pumpkin pie and
justice I could probably eat the whole
thing because I'm that hungry right now
yeah so um I'm just watching Bob's
burger with my brother he's usually nine
town buddies in town for Christmas I'm
just chilling
way for my veal to render over there
then I'm just watching some tunes
you know how I'm rockin yeah alright
guys just got done eating and I uploaded
a video right before I ate and I came
back and you guys are going crazy I got
500 comments just finished reading all
the comments but I was gonna take a nap
after you know my hard work and stuff
and after my fucking lunch but my
brother really want to go to the gym so
I'll tag along and show there and flog a
bit cuz you know why sleep like sleep is
such a waste of time
all all the glitter is not goo goo is
now reality alright so I'm at the gym
right now right and the Tim is actually
pretty big see how the first floor you
got people a running and shit and then
the second floor got the weights and
shit yeah but yeah I'm on the third
floor in RA so I really walk three
flights of stairs right and look all the
hoops are up and they have a thing
blocking all the hoops I can't even play
basketball so I came to the gym for
literally nothing and I'm not working
out I mean I'm just not but I'm pretty
bad I'm picked there was actually like a
basketball hoop at the hockey court
which makes no sense whatsoever but I
guess I might shoot a bit here there's
also a swimming pool that I might tip my
toes in
I'm not sure if you saw what happened
but the first shot I literally stood at
half-court and flung the ball behind my
head and it frequently and the second
shot I shot the ball and right when the
ball left my hands I turned around I
didn't even know if it went or not I was
on that fucking Nick Young shit but I
actually made it but yeah I was just
shoot around try and get cool shots from
different angles and I was shooting for
like five minutes and then like the guys
on the other court asked if I wanted to
play a 2v2 one-and-done so I was like
fuck you know I guess I'll play and then
so I was playing basketball sorry for
the terrible angle it's just so bad I
just didn't know I just set the camera
down oh yeah and my audio got messed up
so I guess I'll just content but look at
me just drive to the hole and one baby
let's get it but look at this dime and
he's just oh my what come on man
nah but just one thing that you're gonna
notice hold on I think I splashed this
shit right away yeah I've worked yeah
terrible camera angle but you know I'm
working up top and I just wet it dude
oh but one thing you might notice is I
really do not play defense I just don't
I mean I just don't do like just washing
shit homies up top why'd the fuck open I
just stand there like oh yeah whatever I
let him shoot and he somehow makes it
but I literally oh not look in the
corner wide the fuck open I look up what
are you doing rights but you know I got
a fire back he wants to be me so bad
he's not been playing defense also but I
think we do lose this cuz uh cuz I don't
know no actually I think we want cuz I
was just straight eating on these flow
to this face
oh well I what you know edit that shit
out what the fuck hey I'm just any here
like swimwear baby but yeah just where's
the defense like look at me just stand
there like what the fuck is my and then
I'm like I'm out here like what come on
what the fuck so tired sis day at home
and took a nap a very productive day
y'all like the sweat and you're like the
yell like the joggers I mean just got
done eating dinner with the family
it was pretty freakin bomb my parents
didn't want to work that late night
shift grind and I'm just chilling at
home right now I'm super tired like that
one or know that 2v2 that I played
basketball
drained the energy out of me just
tweeted out that I won't be
live-streaming tonight
if you guys don't know I live stream
every single night and everyone's pretty
much pissed at me and stuff or I'm sorry
man or I'm sorry but yeah and I noticed
that my brother was in town so we're
gonna go out right around and chill I
think we're gonna go through this one
spot
alright so my last vlog video everyone
asked me Rhys where'd you buy that
jacket where'd you buy this now
everyone's into fashion nowadays so I
decided to show you guys my outfit right
now I got these jeans on I'm not sure
why it's like this but I've been to try
and use things and I got this flat line
it's freakin sick I so here's why it's
so sick it's kind of longer most flails
or you know kind of short and it has
these zippers I don't know what it does
but shit if it's fashion its fashion
right but outside it's cold as fuck
right so cold outside so I gotta get
this jacket I got this from Urban
Outfitters there's like a hundred
something going on sale so I'm saving
money I'm looking good I got the jeans
look at this shit dude oh my look at
this shit so now I'm warm I'm looking
cute here's on point and you know I got
that I got put on the glasses too
because you know I'm just a hipster like
that and you know here's my Christmas
outfit me and my brother are about to
hit this location and you're just
driving around my neighborhood look at
all these houses I'm not sure you guys
can see it but these houses honestly are
so awesome yo what is up guys we were
here and it called the magical Ford I
really googled lights in Las Vegas and
this popped up and we just pulled up it
was like 20 bucks per person but I said
fuck it so beautiful oh my god
it's honestly so cold outside you don't
even understand dude it's far like 20
not even joking there's a miracle round
pretty sick for pretty sick why is there
so many people out you know on the strip
it makes no sense but then again why am
i out on the strip on Christmas Eve do I
literally just told my brother to drive
like fucking 30 minutes so he gets him
in and out and we pull up and out right
and and I feel myself I'm like dude I'm
not even hungry so now so now we're bout
to leave empty-handed cuz like I'm just
indecisive same with my bitches
all right guys just hopped out the
shower so relaxed right now just on my
couch
popcorn in one hand dick in the other
and we're watching some Charlie Brown I
don't know where my brother is but I'm
watching with him no homo but I'm so
tired I'm on three hours of C I woke up
so early to edit my video which went
perfectly perfectly haha and then I'm
gonna watch this it's fuckin 11:00 right
now I'm gonna watch it till one edit my
vlog today then go and then put it up
but the drying will pay off though you
know I mean hard work does pay off but
if you enjoyed the video please drop a
like please please Bob's kidding now but
then subscribe to and then comment and
check out my other videos but uh thank
you for watching and there's another day
in life in the bag see you guys next
time
