yo what is up guys with Boris come back
for another video and before you guys
are like fry Scoob
what are you wearing I look at the shit
that's that fucking North Face what you
know about that I also got a haircut if
you didn't notice okay I'm looking fresh
it is Christmas Eve
happy haunted if you don't celebrate
Christmas then fuck your happy Halloween
but I'm not here to talk about my
appearance or Santa Claus or holidays or
I'm here to spread some awareness
I made a veal the other day titled these
kids must be stars are always know
talking about these kids that must be
stopped and how they were out of control
and stuff like that everyone loved it
and the other day I was on Twitter and I
saw this girl's Twitter page and I was
like yo someone needs to put an end to
this but this stuff about the show
you're just so disturbing and I hope you
agree with me and help me put an end to
this cuz this girl just crazy
alright so let's begin and just a
background I was on Twitter one day and
I wasn't searching for anything I was on
Twitter and she popped up somehow I
don't know and then I was just checking
out her Twitter page and you know a 10
event and I was pretty convinced that
there was something wrong with her and
decided to make a little video about it
so I'm here on her Twitter page
uma Compton right is who would be
talking about today and first things
first I know what everyone's thinking
right now I'm just get this out the way
yes I know she looks like coconut head
from Ned's Declassified I was really
dying when I first saw her and I
honestly thought they were related or
something I did the research the actor
doesn't have a sister so they're not
related you know I was pretty
disappointed she also has a bio a proud
Christian single mother of three sewer
side survivor I I think she means
suicide survivor so now we're at her pin
tweet says Yonsei said pretty hearts so
you know a bad bitch like me always in
pain like I mean I can't really blame
her she does look pretty good in these
pictures I mean look at that third
picture like she's looking hot like ooh
you know my pussy looks like Hiroshima
after my man wrecked it
I did not know that that's kind of weird
I mean Hiroshima really I'm a
I'm so lucky I met a man who can come on
my heart not just my face what the fuck
what is wrong with this girl I was
actually thinking about it and I think
this is actually kind of cool like
nowadays girls don't even show off their
man and brag about them and you know
she's just you know like you know I look
like if my girlfriend ever did this I
would honestly be so happy because she
knows she cares about me and stuff like
that so perfectly fine and let's just
look at this guy's face man like he just
like you up I'm that lucky guy that gets
to deep dick coconut head every night
I'm so lucky I found you not only did I
marry my lover cousin and inspiration I
married my best friend did she just say
cousin what the fuck is this oh my god
yo there were cousins
tastes like Rihanna ass like Kim titties
like Nicki and sex appeal of Marilyn
Monroe alright you know at first it was
all fun and games and stuff but you know
then you said the cousin thingy that
crossed a line and now the Rihanna I'm
not sure guys know this but Rihanna is
like my celebrity crush and no one
disrespects Rihanna like that let you
look nothing like her just heard there's
a Christmas rapist in my neighborhood
leaving my door unlocked and wearing my
new Victoria's Secret panties to bed
about to suck some Italian guy's dick
BRB omma Compton guys so I really hope
I'll have a daughter man please no
daughter I literally went through her
whole Twitter and I think I caught aids
like she literally cannot spell for shit
coconut ass boy incest ass bitch
confidence such but wait there's more
she writes a music here's my debut
single Donald Trump presidential cock in
my heart like okay I saw this earlier I
didn't play it cuz I wanted my first
time listening to it my reaction on this
video like just look at her face like
her face is actually making me mad now
uh but um okay so we're gonna listen
together hey guys
it's been no secret that I'm in love
with a man a man named Trump Donald
you're a man of steel come and give his
duties a feel put me back of your car
show me the kind of man you are
from I don't know what to say I love you
and you're sexy to pay you know your
dick is my next meal
come and give his pussy you feel gonna
win the race and win first place red
white and blue I'm written for you
this loves real Mike this is your meal
I want your presidential talking my
heart
first class baby Betty beat my ass don't
you from the right what before come
let's let these T's all night
treat me like a business transaction
come and see this pussy in action what
the fuck
she said treat me like a business
transaction come and see this pussy in
action I mean is that bars or is that
like fucking we're out no I well I think
that's gonna conclude my video thank you
so much for watching if you made it to
the end which I have no idea how you did
I would have left a like first minute
because this bitches I look at her face
coconut head a but yeah I hope you
enjoyed the video just wanted to spread
some awareness you know make sure you
share this to all your friends you know
she must be stopped
thank you so much for watching if you
did enjoy please drop a thumbs up and
come if you haven't already and
subscribe if you're new because I'm off
to blow up and go check out my other
shit cuz they're as enjoyable um but I'm
honestly don't even know what to say I
mean I'm kind of freaked out by how I
know the fucking cousin thing but like
the clumsiness pussy in action is kind
of fire so she kind of got me mind fuck
I also linked her Twitter in her
SoundCloud in the description if you
want to tweet I her my Twitter is down
there to follow you boy but thank you so
much for watching and we will see you
guys next time
this is transaction
see this pussy in action and with the
rain
