No what is up guys your boy rice come
back for another video and today is
crazy we hit 50,000 subscribers on
YouTube
oh no it's kidding but guys thank you I
don't want to sound fake and overreact
and stuff like that you know every video
I always thank you guys I just want you
guys to know that I am thankful for you
guys and stuff like that it's not that
big of a deal
50k is pretty solid though you guys can
go tell all your friends I new rice gone
before he was famous when he had 50k and
stuff like that and just once again
thank you man just commenting and liking
can really change someone's path to
success you know major key I actually
didn't have a video idea today I was
making these flowcharts and all these
pie graphs and stuff like that and I
just literally could not think of an
idea but I really wanted to put
something out thanking you guys for a
50k I think I'm about 50 1k right now so
I really need to post something to
acknowledge you guys so what would a
youtuber do if he didn't have an idea
for a video he could either make a video
with him and his girlfriend and his
girlfriend's half naked and I just do
some random shit or he can make a Q&A
because everyone loves those or you can
read some comments cuz comments are fun
to read it I think I'm gonna do that not
sure you guys know this but I read
literally every single comment on every
video and you guys probably think I'm
lying but I swear to you I have not so
if you comment on any of my videos in
the past and you're probably featured in
this video so if you use YouTube a lot
you guys probably notice that there's
always that one guy in every comment
section saying like oh my god please
check out my youtube channel subscribe
I'm an up-and-coming youtuber one day I
won't be big subscribe to me and just
advertising on other people's channel
well there's this one hair that
commented on my channel saying Morgan
Freeman sex tape on my channel check it
out alright so this guy's advertise it
on my channel saying check his channel
has a Morgan Freeman sex it right so I
put his channel because once again I
read
to comment and I noticed that he's
advertising something that I am
interested in so I go to his channel and
there was literally no Morgan Freeman
sex tape at all there was literally no
what I was so mad was false advertising
on my channel but you know I was already
on his channel right so I decided to
check out one of his videos so we're
gonna watch it together now if you took
one look at me the first thing that
would probably pop into your head
is oh my god he is really talented I'm
obviously that one guy that everybody
wants to be you know you take one look
at me and you're like oh my god he is
the perfect specimen I really wish I was
in what did he just say he just said the
first thing we think of when we look at
him as he's talented the first thing I
thought about was that fucking gap holy
crap I've never seen anything like it so
these next comments are from the video
where I was talking about those girls
without makeup and how they look
different and stuff like that a lot of
girls were mad about me and like saying
like real you're such a dick and stop
making fun of these girls but I was just
speaking the truth but it was a common
that I found that was pretty funny it
was I thought you were cute at first but
after watching this your personality and
attitude are so disgusting and
disrespectful that it makes you
unattractive as hell she low key price
still wants my dick so sure what Kailen
harrison confident and i noticed that
she was a verified on youtube which
means she's another youtuber which is
pretty sick that she watches me but she
said what the fuck all these girls look
better than you without makeup but I
mean that's none of my business tip if
you're gonna make fun of girls without
makeup you should probably look good
without makeup yourself
alright Caitlin I think I made it pretty
clear in the veil that these drills were
you know much more successful and much
more prettier than me and I know that
I'm ugly and I know that they would
never date me I said that specifically
but Caitlin I checked out some of your
YouTube videos and they were boring as
fuck and I should have that checkmark
instead of you so I'm sure if you could
draw a few inches on your dick you
wouldn't complain
yeah that she had a Loki hurt my
feelings but I mean I got what she's
trying to say and she's trying to say
like these girls are able to make
themself look prettier so they're doing
it and if I was able to make myself look
you know bigger or whatever that I would
do it also but she makes a good point or
whatever but plot twist alright so she
may be flaming me over here but you know
I went on my latest video and she calmed
it all my fuckin I'm laughing so hard I
saved person so are you a fan are you
hater do you want my dead rice do a
video on getting your wardrobe I swear
you getting this shit out of your
grandma's closet I thought I had swag
man I would drag my Clint through a mile
of broken glass in the hot-ass Gobi
Desert just to get a reply from rice god
I'm flattered that she would do this you
know her clitoris the glass but wait
there's more you know one of my viewers
comes out of nowhere he says shut the
fuck up ugly ass bitch no one likes you
you fucking thought ass bitch wearing
pounds of makeup come on man that was so
unnecessary like she was just supporting
the channel like my viewers are CR just
savages like someone's always flaming
someone out on that video we're all like
these kids must be stopped and all these
kids no dancing around shirtless and
doing all these crazy things you know I
was saying you know all I say and I was
doing a lot of comments about like
Christ leave these kids alone you're
being so mean but I got a lot of
comments about me being jealous like
those jealous jealous jealous you know
so many people tell me that I'm jealous
and I'm just like what am i jealous of
Bella
am i jealous about this likes come on
I'm just about this come on stop stop it
I'm not this girl said he deserves so
many more viewers and subscribers than
he has and this guy said to bro if you
don't stop the grind you become famous
and there's just so many more positive
comments that I really couldn't fit in
this one video like there's so many more
that's like rise keep going more more
more thank you for making videos and
just stuff like that I just wanted to
end this video on a positive note but I
think that is gonna conclude my video
thank you so much for 50,000 subscribers
I know I look disgusting dirty mustache
and fucking pimple
mase but it doesn't even matter man
thank you for watching the whole entire
video if you laughed at all thumbs up
and if you want to join the journey to a
hundred thousand subscribers because
we're gonna hit that shit next month
make sure you subscribe and join the
journey and comment because I see
everything don't be shy um but yeah
thank you for watching and we will see
you guys next time
