yo what is up guys your boy is going
back for another video and before I
begin we are almost at 50,000
subscribers I'm not sure if guys does
but the video where I was playing
basketball it was a record like a week
and a half ago I was at 30,000 so like
the fucking growth is insane keep doing
what you're doing watching everything
but liking and comment that she is nuts
but anyways it may seem like I'm in a
really good mood right now but I'm
actually like I'm pissed off so I
recently just download this app called
snapchat I used to use snapchat all the
time back when I first came out and then
I just kind of stopped using it and then
the other day I just redownload it and
let me tell you it's pretty fun like I
added kids for my school I added DJ
Khalid do DJ Khalid it's a fucking
comedian I was also snapping back some
of my fans and it's just been a really
fun app lately but the other day I was
like messing around on snapchat and I
found that you can add like filters and
like these textures and these edits - it
was like the coolest thing ever like
I've never seen anything like this it
was like I was adding horns and I was
adding like these fuck kids just I was
adding just so much cool stuff like
there were so many filters to pick from
it I was like going crazy like it was so
sick and I saw this one that I really
liked right I was going to send it to
this girl like oh yeah every time I see
you I'd be like and then you know as I
click send it basically told me that I
had to pay 99 cents for a filter so I
was throwing through more of the filters
and they were all 99 cents and I was
like snapchat got me fucked up if they
think about to spend 99 cents on a
filter so I go on Google and I type in
snapchat net worth and basically that
means you know how much money snapchat
makes how much money the company is
worth and basically snapchat is worth 19
billion dollars all right not nineteen
thousand not 19 million but 19 billion
dollars and their charges $1 per filter
like I at least have like some package
deal where you don't buy one get one
free I want to get 50% off and gets
holiday season man you'll have
package deal some bundle or something
but no alright and there's like 30 or 40
filters and they're all a dollar each
you're expecting me to pay you a 19
billion dollar company $1 for a little
filter so I'm pretty pissed that I can't
you know send these girls DC you know
creative a snapchat so I decided you
know how can I use these filters
productively without you know buying in
so I just had to make a little video
about it if you guys enjoyed drop a like
and yeah oh yeah and one more thing
please ignore the little circle thing at
the bottom where it says $0.99 I didn't
purchase any of the filters and stuff so
I just use like the preview of it
because you know I ain't buying that
fucking expensive at We Need to Talk
have you been cheating on me
you
while your hairline messed up why you
got caterpillar eyebrows why you look
like you about to cry oh I'm about to
fight you boy
why you look like a pogo stick boy I
know you're not talking that's what you
got Skechers on that's what you get
literally no bitch
oh you guys enjoyed the video please
drop a like if it's your first time on
this channel make sure to subscribe and
check out my other videos because
they're as enjoyable make sure to add me
on snapchat add me right now I'll send
you a dick pic if you're a girl I'll
send you a dick pic if you're a boy but
if you did enjoy drop a like comment say
yo snapchat stop selling out send this
video to snapchat CEO or whoever because
these filters are next-level but if you
did enjoy thank you for watching and we
will see you next time
