yo what is up guys your boy rice going
back for another video and before I want
to start well I'll talk about about this
video I want to say my last video got
900 comments and I was reading through
all of them once again I read all
comments and a lot of the columns were
just like rice come do more man keep
going these are funny and you know just
all these positive comments I just want
to say thank you because it's 2 a.m.
right now and I'm up recording because
basically getting just pushing me to my
full potential but yeah today's video is
going to be a little bit more serious I
know most of my videos are in a pretty
humorous and funniest like that but I
just really wanted to spread some
awareness for you guys that there's
people out there that must be stopped I
found out about this new app called
musically and I seems pretty cool I was
looking through and stuff like that if
you don't know what it is it's summer
now fine if you heard of that it's where
you record yourself but this app is more
focused on lipstick video singing along
to music and and dance it around and it
seemed like a cool concept and stuff
like that but I was just scrolling
through and just look in this new app
and I noticed that a lot of the users on
this app it were like really really
young like what I say really I mean like
11 12 13 that like that age group it's
like like middle schooler and there's
nothing wrong with that you know is just
how kids like to spend their time
nowadays an app is no stick at
so I also a strong-ass app I was
realizing that like there's something
terribly wrong with this happened I was
wondering if the parents of the kids
knew that these kids were doing these
type of stuff online it you know as I
was just you know scroll into it I was
like you know what I'm making a video
about this you guys are probably like
let's go new video yeah and shit like
that but I'm just gonna warn you guys
starting now things are going to start
going downhill I mean just these type of
news how about the show you guys can
literally scar you for life I mean I
just oh alright guys so I'm back on this
shitty webcam but it is what it is
anyways you usually watch these type of
music leaves on your phone but since
it's so hard to set up and stuff I just
saved them down in my computer so
let's just begin I'm sorry I'm gonna put
you through this but I mean we got each
other all right so first video natural
this heart to fight so I'll need a
become sexy and texting
I don't know if it has heard it as
fucker just said I'll be drunk texting
you I did some research its fullest 13
he'll be drunk texting I gave in text at
the age of 13 let alone drunk test I
mean I don't know if he knows what that
means by drunk texting I mean yeah guys
like rice man she's just a little care
to hang it you know just trying to make
some good videos I mean it gets worse
but I mean just seriously though drunk
texting : there there's so many songs to
pick from do you like you can do hey I
just met you you know I mean just like
call me maybe know just all these nice
happy songs but this fool decides to do
drum texting seriously pull ups good get
into right let's handy steering the
other is your your diet
hey what dude she came and drive
pictures ridiculous conversation to ship
in this man fuck Ally pitches I am a
polygamist playing with my fists and
just that boy I mean he could go wash up
wait what did she just say that she's
about to play with her pussy oh yeah I
saw I once again did some research she's
she just turned 13 and she's playing
with her pussy what the dude does her
mother know that she just said this
alright so when I was 13 dude it was
like transformers GI Joe Hot Wheels and
she's over here playing with her pussy
number wanna be a boss ass bitch
never let a clown nigga try to play you
if he played you then rule number two
fuck his best friends and make them
yes-man
dick taken then you press send and send
a red heart and send the kissy I think
she just said if anyone tried to play
you fuck her best friend or something
alright once again she's 30 or if
anybody in the comment says if she's 13
on 13 you fucking knock it off right now
but you knock it off
I don't know about you guys but by
watching these I'm kind of dizzy right
now like I've been just watching this
right and well not just her but like
just it's just it's so much shaking
going on a fuck didn't kind of I'm kind
of dizzy man holy nah but she like she
needs some chill cuz she's I mean if she
actually like thirteen cuz I mean she's
low-key like she can
like that really just pissed me off like
I want to fight this guy now
yo miss me with that gay shit what the
fuck yo everyone that's watching out as
part of piss this fuck is like like you
didn't dodge it like you literally just
got kissed by this guy like I mean ha I
dodged it you did it perfecto
yo how do you sure disappear oh yeah I
know you know you been dancing like you
fucking got him breezy dancing it
matches nowadays man that was honestly
disgusting I mean if my parents ever
caught me making these type of videos
man
hey I was wondering who are you it's not
what it looks like I swear I won't ever
again I'm sorry
when I was like whipping with the belt
or whatever do and I hurt my shoulder or
something but I was going hard dude if
my son let me catch my son doing this
type of shit but um all right well let's
keep going I alright a little bit up a
little bit a little bit I guess I swing
a little bit a little bit I mean not
only are these kids promoting drinking
and texting playing with their own
pussies fucking vest Fred's sexy dancing
this kid wants to go out buy a heat and
he's also like 14 13 something like that
promoting drinking a little bit popping
as in popping pills a little bit smoking
a little bit it's just like drugs man I
mean once again so many songs to pick
from all right well I guess that is
gonna conclude our video but once again
thank you for watching till the end
appreciate it
if you guys enjoyed the village you did
I know you did thumbs or I know you
enjoyed my reaction not necessarily like
all the kids dancing and Shandi azar
stuff but if you enjoyed the video and
want some more please jump in thumbs up
do it let's aim for 3k 3000 I had a
shit-ton promise last video I read
everything one of them so make sure you
comment man whatever I'm bored
car ride whatever I'm reading the
comments so thank you for the support
lately means a lot on a serious note man
these kids must be stopped
ASAP there are so many more songs or not
something so many more videos I wanted
to show of all these guys like singing
sexual shit but due to copyright reasons
uh I can only use some parts of some
song so a lot of the stuff that I wanted
to you know talk over had copyright
issue so I think I still made a pretty
good video got my point across that
these kids are too young these kids
should be playing with Barbie dolls not
their fucking put anyways thank you so
much watching this video
make sure you subscribe if you haven't
already you know what to do on under the
shade no I post forget Li so make sure
you stay up to date but haven't already
to watch for other videos and shit
