yo what is up guys it is your boy rice
come back for another video and holy
shit man you guys are something else I
posted two videos the other day you guys
really killed it with the likes in the
comments just you guys are so awesome
but anyways I'm here for another video
my third upload of the week um you know
know I'm on this greasy dry I wanted to
talk about something really really
bizarre that happened to me recently but
before I talk about that I want to tell
you something I don't know if you guys
know this or not but every youtuber can
go through his like stats on YouTube and
see know how his channel is doing stuff
like that but there was a statistic that
really stood out to me that I wanted to
share with you guys pretty funny look
right here man basically 93% of my
viewers are dudes you see the pie chart
BAM 93 of you guys are guys and 7% of
you guys are girls which means I
entertained my drivi guys you know I'm
mainly talking again it's like one big
circle jerk that we just you know we am
I surprised by these numbers I mean not
really I mean I feel like I appealed
more to the guys I'm always roasted
people and doing all this other stuff I
made a full video about like girls
without makeup like new girls hate me
but for you 7% out there how you doing
but anyways it was just something funny
that I thought you guys should know but
I'm basically you guys are like reading
might I really rice Gump has a lot of
fangirls but then again I have 7% so
you're like why why is that wise our
video titled that way basically if you
did not know I went a viral the other
day or like recently I went viral my
most popular video on YouTube you know
are these kissing crepes fake no I said
some funny stuff and some guy I don't
know who it was
he took my video you chopped it up like
a fucking karate instructor and then he
fucking puts it on Facebook and this
shit gets three million views while I'm
not in that salted or not it just kind
of blows my mind that three million
people seen my video
and it was tweeting on Twitter guys shit
like ten thousand retweets and dude it
was going around everywhere and bacey
here i'ma play the clip that they took
don't grab the ass though don't just
don't do it to them no no I can't even
get a text back and this fool is kissing
girls like that literally man he's
meeting girls for like 20 seconds dude
I'm over here send in messages good
morning babe this and this I can't even
get a hug bro I honestly don't even
think it was that funny I mean I guess
I'm just a naturally funny person you
know I mean but I'm so surprised you got
three million views but I mean the views
isn't that crazy for the crazy part of
the video are the comments bro you guys
like I really didn't know this until I
was just scrolling through the comments
on the Facebook field you the comment or
fucking like it's mind-blowing like just
take a look at this shit yeah I know my
camera quality got worse whatever I'm on
my computer I have to use my webcam
instead of my you know thousand dollar
camera so apologize for that but just
bear with me you know I'm making
improvements in the future so we're here
on the Facebook page I logged on
Facebook just to check this shit out but
see how there's like three million views
32,000 thumbs up 25,000 shares this is
literally so much juice so we're gonna
scroll down to the comments and first
one faker then pornhub tells me I got
horny bitches in the area who wanna fuck
me so yeah so you know like there's some
funny comments and stuff you know people
talking but look at Don it's got yeah
this comment is the one that like got me
you know fucking mind fucked this girl
said Kayla said my only question is how
the fuck is he not getting any he's cute
okay so I'm coming from you know a
YouTube channel that has seven percent
girls comment section is just dudes
making fun of me
this girl's calling me cute so I'm like
what the shit you know I mean I look 39
replies a hundred and ninety thumbs up
so a hundred and ninety other girls
thought I was hot
she actually has 39 replies to her
comment or whatever but uh so she buddy
said k where he at though oh my god
Rodrigo bro look at this this fool
actually linked my Twitter like he saw
home this it is so touching this is the
definition of a real subscriber man yes
everybody take notes if you see a girl
being thirsty on any social media you
plug me in look dude some girl said i'ma
find up I have a quest girls are
literally trying to find me oh my god oh
my this is so funny to me
look at this the fact that there are
girls actively trying to fight him and
fix this problem really moves me you
grow all of you like for real though
like girls are actually trying to find
me and text me back like I'm honestly
moved by this but wait there's more this
girl actually said just trying to get
this dude's dick wet what the fuck boy
hold on I'm gonna I want to go to her
Twitter wait is this a dude wait is this
a girl or a boy
what oh hell naw yo don't what the fuck
Rodrigo why'd you link me Rodrigo what
the fuck
here's another one I text that dude back
what the fuck he's cute as hell I'm cute
bro like this girl is really trying to
get it like it's good look at this man
Brendan crew stepping up for the team
linking the Twitter man look at this
just I raise my viewers correctly but
like I'm just look at this another one
look at this I would hug him what the
fuck I text back the shit out of them
these girls man like are the girls bad
though our army army look at this
all right here we go turn the fuckin cuz
I can't stand bitches with these type of
pictures man hurts my fucking neck so
here's another one he's cute though like
what the fuck damn text me good morning
babe I'll do more than just text back
emojis like these girls I'm not like
it's it's crazy like I'm fucking ugly
nah but look so she said I'll do more
than just text back I think she's
implying that she wants to send me like
I think booty pics or self nude
I'll take it hit me up Victoria boom but
he's so adorable what the fuck Alexis
can Loki get it too
Alexis got double trouble looking as you
know everything else is like haha
I know how he feels a story of my life
Asian kid look look just saying man that
asian kid looks sexiest fuck Casper you
fucking gay boy it's okay though
oh is this a girl or boy I don't know
apparently I'm sexiest fuck I'm cute as
fuck I'm everything as fuck bro Tania
Grande said send me your number I'll
text your fine ass back I'm sexy I'm
cute and now I'm fine oh I'm gonna
actually DM her bro like like she'll I
guess you can get it I'm in fuck it dude
I mean what the fuck
and whatever did send that fucking
message in Philly hey Tonya I'm that guy
from the video or from the kissing video
I let me quote myself I can't get a text
back send me nudes or whatever whatever
you're not busy there we go
yeah but like that's just crazy some
room makes a pretty good point she said
probably because your bed is on the
floor
I wouldn't text back either well a bell
even if you were to text B I wouldn't
text you in the first place
you fucking weave wearing laura stafford
sad how is he not getting texts back
he's cute how why why is the one texting
him she makes a good point why Laura
Stafford a dude like all these girls are
holed up can I comment on this let's see
instead of writing on that horse you
should ride on my the nerd is actually
cute I texted back I'm telling you dude
like oh wait wait who's the nerd I'm the
nerd what uh what how's this guy not
even getting text back I'd give him more
than just a hug
loving strong Oh
this girl just said she would give me
more than just a hug holy shit I'm
saying this a girl message Hey
word on the street on the street that
you think I'm cute I'm here to redeem my
blowjob basically she said more than
just that could mean anything but yeah
guys uh look at this man that asian guy
is hot though heart eyes I mean I just
there's no more guys I'm fucking sexy
dude I might go just boosted man but
look I went to 300 comments found some
thirsty girls three hundred eight
thousand imagine if I went to and read
all the crazy stuff like some girl had
to say like I want his babies or
something like I wouldn't doubt it man
but anyways boys not only am i a funny
motherfucker that you know grinds out
YouTube videos I'm attractive as shit
it's the future over here you feel me
anyways if you enjoy the video please
motherfucker please drop a like I'm
hyped of shit a new video coming out
soon you already know the dealio but
subscribe because I post them often
subscribe comment I read everything tell
me rice man I didn't know you got the
bitches like that well now you know
anyways no but for real I'm out thank
you for watching and boys
