I have a present for my somewhere keep
your eyes closed is it closed you know
some guys welcome to another video you
feel me today everyone in the house is
going home for Christmas break but
Christmas is in a few days we're the
only one left in the house we'll bring
the Christmas very happy holidays
everybody
guys a literally dicks is somewhere
let's film a questioner and sir she came
to my room and she's wearing the same
shirt as it wasn't planned she just
wants to copy me so anyways today we're
doing a question-and-answer I tweet at
you guys asked us questions because the
last one we did people see the like it
for some reason guys seem to like is
making videos together out of why I
first watched it doing live chicken well
I loved growing up I show chickens and
for Apes I was a chicken can you like me
back on tinder and there's a picture I'm
using tinder around my back if this was
my tinder right why in the hell would I
smell many s own end in the arm
can you spell I come you see me pee I'm
six years old my little brother is half
my age
right after six st. now I'm a hundred
twenty years old how is my little
brother what you guys don't like about
each other
well summer I don't like how you can
copy my outfit today that's one thing I
know why
I don't like you Hey how does it feel to
have this much success and get love from
people honestly I did not get this done
but it feels good because growing up I
did not get that much love from people
so it's cool to get love now success I
mean I knew it was gonna happen
eventually you know I mean just look at
me just greatness I knew it was gonna
come no eventually this question is
sorting race as fate I mean I don't know
I'll let her talk about their fake
that's disrespectful right if you
weren't a youtuber and summer wasn't a
model what jobs would you guys want to
have no I wouldn't know what I want to
do I feel like I have one purpose on
this earth it is to make videos and it
is don't know if 7-eleven is open 24
hours a day and 365 days a year why are
there lofts on their doors their store
never closes the rice do you still talk
to any of your high school bread all
right I like to make friends with people
they get high because drugs are bad
the question guys in order to still be
friends with your high school friends
you have to have friends down can you
measure her ass smells like up dog
what's up dog
nothing much just chillin making a video
we see you touch summers but why doesn't
she touch yours that is a good question
I mean which clothes okay I guess which
is really sad y'all sing your ABCs why
is this person saying what girls have
you and summer does
so yeah guys those other questions
summer since you're going home for
Christmas soon I know I have a present
pretty good I'm just so shocked that you
would give me a present somewhere keep
your eyes closed is it closed so you
remember that blonde I was like what do
you want for Christmas that you said
play the clip the clip what do you want
for christmas okay open your eyes
there it is as you said you wanted
one Christmas season is coming and we're
just taking our little kids out for you
now Christmas shopping and we need
matching one pieces please is that an
alligator we're back at it again in the
boy boxer section
I like my girls bbw Eason lunch with you
you look like a mom too bad that you're
not like your mom dad rice I noticed we
didn't blog much the store we just been
being very great parents and getting
some foreign stuff done and just taking
care of our kid you know oh the baby
boys doing and we had to make them
together and she just pushed him out and
now we're pushing him still just did a
hundred male
