first shot of the day I haven't shot a
basketball in like seven years
let's see if I forgot it
no come on come on keep this shit second
shot of the day
throughout the day give me the shit now
I'm mad
perfect
Oh yo what is up guys is your boy Rice
go back for another video and this is
kind of crazy because like a month ago
I wouldn't even upload anything in like
the past two weeks dude I've been
non-stop uploading so thank you so much
for everything have been watching and
telling me you know all this you know
positivity means a lot but anyways if
you guys watched my last vlog I talked
about how if this video gets 2000 thumbs
up I will vlog again next week which is
you know today or whatever and I
basically got 2000 thumbs I've easily so
I've logged today but there's a really
really big problem I basically woke up
you know just like your average I start
vlogging you know oh eating this for
breakfast yadda yadda yadda then you
know I was hyped as shit you know I felt
like I was fresh as fuck so I know I
showed you guys my outfit I'm over here
showing outfits you got some new shoes
and you know I was putting on my new
shoes and you know show you guys and
then I arrived at my school and you know
I met with some friends and we were just
chilling know having some very fun times
on the human laughing and shit and then
I recorded some time laughs you know
I've been trying to work on my editing
more you know trying to stand out and
make my bills look a lot crisper and
cleaner and then after you know
everything they're just chilling
vlogging like the usual besides it goes
in ship so I'm over here walking to the
gym everything is looking fine we're
shooting you're hooping at the gym and
then uh my fucking camera just randomly
dies I don't know what happened it just
randomly stopped working it was the
weirdest thing ever so you know I
couldn't really make a full vlog cuz
like my camera died you know I mean I
couldn't know all right guys done
playing basketball about to fucking to
go pick up some bitches like I just
couldn't do that because my camera
fucking died mass always really bummed
out and you know I was like dad and I
really not uploading a video because I
did pinky promise you know mm like new
video so I decided that I would just
make a video about me playing basketball
because I don't know guys know this
because you know just look at me bro do
I look like a person that would play
basketball like as you guys can see I
know I'm just a little skinny tall asian
dude
it just doesn't seem likely I would be
gonna be a type of guy that plays
basketball but you guys didn't know a
lot of people don't know this that you
know I was actually pretty good at best
why I played up since sixth grade our
organized basketball played since sixth
grade all the way to my junior year
playing varsity level had a starting
spot senior year on my varsity about so
you know what my heart is at YouTube I
wanted you know
stream entertain you know stuff like
that so I I nearly did not play a
basketball my my senior year but I was I
was nice for trust me like they used to
call me I'm just kidding they didn't
call me anything like I literally hate
when playing oh people tell so
especially old people and they're always
like yo man I used to play football and
you know all the kids men they used to
call me you know fucking rocket arm and
I'm like like no one fucking called you
rather or my dad I didn't sound good but
anyways thank you again for clicking on
this video you guys have been showing
the crazy amount of love I want to take
ten seconds out of your day thank you
for subscribing I gained like 7000
subscribers in like the past week it's
been really nuts man and if we keep up
at this pace you know I'll be big in no
time so now all you guys can tell your
friends mean I knew rice gum ever since
he had 30,000 followers or subscribers
and you can brag about and stuff like
that but once again thank you for all
the likes comments you know all this
shit the tweets minutes it's been insane
but thank you so much and um enjoy the
video and I will see you tomorrow
hahaha don't take that out I don't think
you understand how hard that shot was
I'm gonna draw it out for you all right
listen all right man so we're here
Microsoft Paint so let's say this serger
is the hoop right and say that we're in
bird's-eye view so the the backboard is
right here does that make sense
and then here's the fucking baseline or
whatever and then here's the free-throw
line a BAM that here's the three-point
line all right so I'm a heard drawn in
shit actually this is actually the
backboard I say that squares the
backboard I'm fucking all right and here
is the sideline right side lines right
here right all right so I'm literally up
here like this is me I have to shoot the
ball over the backboard get inside the
hoop so so I'm over here right here's
the hoop and here's the cameraman and if
you connect all the dots so it was it
was a hard shot it was a hard shot I'm
going like this I'm gonna do that
planning to conjure but uh dude make
some crazy shit please make some crazy
shit bruh
oh so we're about to play a horse but
instead of course I'm playing RGS so I
can do it man
so first shot first Friday oh it's all
you it's on you
ah give them dog hey you're almost at
battery almost out of battery oh grandma
quick RG
are you falling apart oh shit what are G
oh it's not enough now it's not it up
now
yeah you just lose you lose after that
who is over Oh
Ramos I couldn't even get that stuff and
that was too high
oh shit hurts your arms yeah regular
shot the RG RG last shot
