you know what is up guys it's your boy
rice coming back on the mic and you know
I just woke up wanting to make a quick
little video and wait hold up who the
fuck is that cute motherfucker
oh wait it's its myself but I just want
to make a quick video about my daily
routine what I do on the daily and I
hope you guys enjoy it but first thing I
do every single day man play that
fucking banger music but you can't get
ready to silence you need to get hyped
okay a DAB let's get it okay
I'm not sure if any of you guys do this
but I literally eat breakfast while I
get ready like I'm pouring myself up a
bowl of cereal in my bathroom I you know
how I'm rocking just you know I always
wake up late for school
and stuff like that so you know I gotta
do some multitasking breakfast is the
most important meal of the day but
anyways this next step man is the most
crucial step ever I do this every single
day go to your snapchat and send all of
your hoes don't forget one a quick
little picture trust me dude they love
surprises like you know you just got a
surprise or here with a good morning BAE
trust really I'm over here filling
myself I look at the picture I'm like
I'm blessed
okay so just finishing up my bowl of
cereal but people ask me all the time
hey rice how do you get such a sexy hair
so pay attention
basically I wake up hair looking hella
dry and you know just it just is it on
point so here's what you do so you get
your hair put that shit in water make it
wet make it soaking wet and then get a
towel and dry your hair off so it's like
kind of you know damp or whatever you
know shake it around sometimes feel like
a rock star anyways here we go Gatsby
you know best hair product in my opinion
screw that shit open and stick your
finger in it that's what she said okay
nobody you know after I popped it open
all you need is just a little you know a
little fucking you know dot and then you
know you're rubbing your hands you know
you're feeling the music okay don't tell
me okay yeah so I apparently I dabbed
again but okay so you put the fucking
shit in your hair rub it around and what
I'm doing right now is I'm trying to
just put it you know just try to get it
all in my hair you know rub it in and
then and then I start combing it around
to the left to the right a little bit
try and make it look and look at that
shit literally under 30 seconds it's
already sex I'm like oh my god
who is that but now you're probably
wondering rice how is your fucking teeth
- so you know just so shiny in my
fucking sexy all you need some
toothbrush and so fucking toothpaste
it's not rocket science but hey ya know
but ok so yeah you should put the
toothpaste on the toothbrush I do rock a
mechanical toothbrush cuz every so much
it like you just sit there and does all
the job like put that shit your mouth it
just fuckin goes to fucking work I'm on
your finger dancing shit once again the
music comes clutch when you're just
vibing out hidden with the quick selfie
for the Twitter world was good
peace signs but anyways you know rinse
my mouth spit that shit out like your
ex-girlfriend cuz she don't fuck as well
that's why you broke up with her over
poppin pocket bottles I'm sippin that
shit straight out of the container
feelin myself but pay attention right
now man I'm washing my mouth and look at
this shit knock that shit down I have
some sushi last night you know every
time I burped I smelt like you know some
dirty ass fish so I know I swallow that
shit down so you know my throat can be
clean and shit oil free moisture one two
three squirty squirty squirt you know
put the white stuff on my face you know
how I'm rocking but it was yeah man you
know put a lotion for the moisture you
know some nice soft smooth skin on the
face and here we go coconut butter cocoa
butter this shit really is godlike and
you know I kind of get carried away now
put way too much of my hand I thought I
was about to jerk off but you know it
was just for my arms and shit but okay
so yeah I put a little bit too much it I
suck at you know distributing the
fucking you know the fucking lotion my
anyway I smell fucking a bomb as hell
right now well put on your kneecaps man
I can't stand Ashley kneecaps
so now myself oh my oh god damn and
that's basically it man check my phone
see if the hose hit me back on snapchat
and way what the fuck is this shit
what ungrateful ass bitches I'm saying
these bitches surprises
they're so unfuckin grateful anyways
thank you so much for watching the video
if you enjoyed the video make sure to
drop a thumbs up and this video gets
2,000 thumbs up by tonight I'll post
another video tomorrow
subscribe and drop a comment and tell me
how ungrateful these girls are anyways
thank you for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow peace
