sup guys it is your boy rice back for
another video and today is a good day
you guys haven't noticed but I've been
super active on YouTube lately I've been
posting a lot of videos entertaining
shit so if you watch this whole entire
video that you enjoy it you should price
absque Ribe because know there's more
where that came from
anyways I posted a video other day and I
was like reacting to like some kissing
prank - I mean it did pretty good I got
quite a bit of views on YouTube people
on Facebook were Sheeran and Twitter and
all this other stuff so it did really
good so you know what why not do it
again because I mean I had a lot of fun
doing it so one day I was just you know
chilling on YouTube watching some funny
stuff and I came across this video and I
was just like mind blown like once again
another video that blows my mind I mean
I think I was mad at if you're reading
the tower doubt and you're like what
they have a rape or just like I don't
know it blows my mind you guys have to
watch it with me so let's fuck it let's
peek in alright so let's begin first
things first put on the headset I know
my quality got a tad bit worse because I
switched my camera a little bit because
I have to watch a video but anyways who
cares first video kissing prank close
your eyes crazy for love it's a girl Pro
I say yeah so most pranks are guys
pranking random people bada badda bodda
but this time it's a girl do Nate you
know a girl trying to make it in this
pranking industry I don't care I got the
I got the subtitles on for all you are
you deaf viewers or are you blind
viewers or whatever you are and then she
has a really strong accent so yeah so I
have it on I mean I can hardly
understand her but the the closed
caption or whatever really helps okay
anyway subtitles alright let's begin
I just hurts my soul every time I man
this shit is really cringey
just everyone prepare yourself here we
go man
first okay listen you need to close your
eyes and just think about something
either bad or good
and and I'm going to understand water
you're feeling alright sure yeah yeah I
like polarize I've got this well you I'm
gonna mute it cuz I don't want to get
copyrighted or whatever what kind of sum
is that bro what is this how is this on
youtube so basically if you didn't
understand she said you close your eyes
and I'm gonna guess what you're thinking
or or some random shit and she attacks
him
this is raped how was it once this she
attacks it this is rape so here's the
second clip I'm just gonna play it
through you guys can watch it when you
close arrived and you can think about
something said oh nice so jealous what's
sad some what this bitch just said
closed her eyes at think of something
nice and jealous or upset how do you
think of jealous how do you think of
nice okay yeah anyways eyes yes keep
watching yeah
he's honestly so uncomfortable man
that's a rape
if this girl came up to me and just
started kissing me - I would you know I
thought what the fuck you doing bitch
man making a little experiment I make
some trying to read people's faces
what's it like if you close your eyes
and think about something I would like
to understand what - you what you
thinking like something good at
something bad
is anything holy shit bro look at her
nose haha
yo i'ma get a little bit off-topic but I
really need to see something man like
holy hell oh I got a bro you guys can't
tell me dude
this is some Phineas and Ferb shit bro
hello she actually looks like someone I
think she looks like a Crocker
yes mrs. Crupp bro the similarities are
impeccable so as you can see he's
closing his eyes she told him to think
of something so right now he's thinking
of son right he's following her
instructions he thinks that she's doing
some experiment for some you know
sociology class or something I don't
fucking know closing his eyes in a state
kid bro you don't having a good day and
then
whoa whoa what the what the fuck like
something like that can like ruin your
day bro like this would ruin my day and
look at her face bro she's like now you
have herpes do we want to get my
favorite very butt boy man let me catch
her come at me like that bro I like it
literally if she ever came up to me like
this bro this is how it would go down
hey do you want to play a quick game oh
yeah sure I love games
okay good good I need you to close your
eyes all right just close them close and
think of something
jealous think of something happy sad
just think of something and I'm gonna
try to read your mind all right so I
just close my eyes all right still just
a did you just kiss me
haha anyways I I think she has a couple
more videos that I wanted to watch over
kissing prank once again don't know how
to praying she could put it as kissing
rape or rape prank or so I don't I don't
fucking know anyways nose trick I like
how he puts like the triangles because
that's kind of what her nose looks like
but okay anyways anyways uh so she
approaches a young gentleman minding his
own business having a good day and she's
what to ruin his day she's gonna ruin
this thing can ruin your week bro like
okay everyone pay attention - hey hi
doing doing good can we touch noses okay
so at this point she said can we touch
noses I think and look at his eyes where
he's clearly inspecting her nose and
he's like that knows like what like he's
clearly like what the fuck like this is
that even a nose actually can pierce my
skin so you know he's like okay what the
fuck is going up seconds what for what
for for an experiment
alright alright hey what he's down
she's down okay this is this is so this
is so awkward I don't my dude I can kiss
you
I'm not sure what is going on honestly
and is literally disgusting bro us guys
like he's making us look bad
he he's making us like oh yeah we'll
kiss anybody that's not true that's
disgusting but I would not kiss her oh
it's so awkward - I'm sorry they have to
watch this with me god this girl must be
stopped and the funniest thing is it has
a positive like dislike ratio comments
everyone's like this was funny I really
love your videos Victoria she loves
their videos guys yeah I don't know man
I think that's gonna conclude my video
Maddie so she's over here kissing
Bigfoot scroll down okay yeah I think I
think that concludes our video man so as
you guys can see like what the fuck bro
her nose is indented in his cheek that's
just piercing his skin that shit might
leave a cut so that's going to conclude
it man I really hope you enjoyed the
video if you did I mean you watch till
the end so I guess you did but make sure
you for you drop the like please please
please I would really appreciate it
share with your friends and I know
you're disgusted it I know you have
opinions of your own put in the comment
section what you would do if if this
girl were to come and kiss you yeah you
know later just chilling great day man
just had an a on my test and she comes
up fucking tricks you into kissing her
what would you do tell me in the comment
section below stuff like that stuff like
that but this makes me really a
comfortable man just watching this and
just you know it makes us guys look
really like like we're easily seduced by
you know ugly girls I mean it's just
it's just it's a terrible video and it's
kind of annoying too cuz like if I guy
were to do like if I were to do this you
know told some girl to close her eyes
and then you know I surprise her sneak
in smooch is like I would get pepper
sprayed like you know I mean and if you
haven't seen my last prank review video
you guys should check it out the links
will be somewhere around here
but as always guys fucking
you guys subscribe come out
