yo what is up guys it is your boy rice
back on the mic and this is a good day
dude if guys do notice too I've been
posting quite a bit on YouTube now
posting another video today that means
that I'm active now the reason for that
activity on YouTube is just cuz all the
love I've been getting men to the
comments I read lately every single
comment the thumbs ups the fucking tweet
saying rice I love you all this other
stuff is such a--such motivation to make
new videos every day and I can't post
one every day because you know quality
over quantity but I will be posting a
lot more on YouTube 100% basically a
little change of pace in today's video I
wanted to try something a little
different and you know just get your
opinion on this topic so basically one
day I was just chilling you know just
chilling on YouTube watching some stupid
videos and then I stumbled across this
video know some guys a prankster you
know pranking on YouTube you know a lot
of people are doing now so this guy's
out here pranking people and I'm like
okay okay yeah yeah he's pranking and I
was like watching you know I'm like
investigating that shit cuz I'm like a
detective and and I was like yo son like
this shit could be fake Lee it was kind
of sketchy like no me so I was watching
his other videos I'm like what this shit
is not real she's too good to be true
and like the best part about this is
like I scrolled down in the comment
section bro literally no one literally
no one thinks it's fake no one thinks
it's sketchy at all I'm like what like
these pranks are crazy so basically I'm
making this video today you know just
will so we're gonna watch some of his
pranks and I want your opinion bro am i
retarded or are the peat like literally
no one thinks too
and I was like and and I was like yo son
like these pranks could be fake like
they literally were like too good to be
true and how late yo like this fool is
crazy like there's no way this is real
and I was like bro like am I crazy so I
scroll down to all of his comments on
like all his videos and stuff like that
and there was like just no one even says
it's fake no one says it's sketchy
nothing like no one even like am i
retarded I am I like we're like what are
the people weird so basically today
we're gonna watch this guy's prank
videos and I want your opinion on it you
know is it fake is it real I mean I have
no clue so let's get started man so this
guy goes by the name of prank invasion
right and this guy's big this guy has a
1.7 million subscribers so 1.7 million
people watch these videos or more I
guess and they and they don't even even
think about it being fake it literally I
think it's fake and I Oh bassy we're
gonna click on one bill and as you can
see all of his videos say kissing prank
kissing prank right so he's known for
kissing pricks and bro this fool gets a
lot of views a ton of you so we're gonna
click on one of them and we're gonna
watch it together so we're so do yoga
precondition and basically just start
off you're just intros like yo what's up
guys so let's begin man so I got the
headset bow put that shit on first off
before we start look at this girl's butt
bro it's pretty nice you know I can tell
she's been squatting decent was not
decent it's above average whatever watch
pay attention popcorn everyone
investigate is this real is this fake
art go I'm gonna play a real quick game
for a kiss if I'm after you three
questions if you answer no to all the
questions I don't get a kiss but if you
answer yes to any one of the questions I
get a kiss okay are you ready yeah that
was the first question you answered yes
oh sorry
Brooke so basically what he said was I'm
Ashley three question and if you
answered yes on any of them that I get a
kiss no he I get a quick quick a quick
kiss alright so basically and he asked
her are you ready she said yes so she
said yes so they have to kiss now right
so that oh yeah he got her and
and just watch this bro okay
she just grabbed her butt what
is devil
do he grabbed the victim so they kissed
for like 20 more seconds quick this
fucking dick whatever and then so you go
to the second girl play a game for real
quick and looked out of booking I don't
even know where they're at like I think
they're outside of like a like a grocery
store or something but basically so same
thing same girl and they so most pranks
like they show you know people walking
up to each other hey what's up you know
how's it and then they start the prank
but every single one of his pranks they
start by just they already met already
and it just start off that right so
that's kind of sketchy too and then so
he does the same thing so BAM I'm like
me to do
I can't stand all the like day here I
fuck it I won't meet it here a listen
yeah I hate that me anyway so he kiss
her whatever it's okay he grabs the a3
and he Britt he he double grips she
fucking he fucking double gripped it
this dude double gripped it
oh my god bro they're out there
literally outside of a grocery store
chilling making out it's crazy
anyways next thing a BAM red Macy's boom
a random girl once again grabs the ass
why he was actually grabbing imaginary
bro there's nothing there but basically
that's the video three girls
kissing's Dean this fool is hella
sweating yo the the prank show real man
he was actually nervous I'm just kidding
other video on the screen as you can see
man this fool is homeless edition what
so he's pretend to be homeless you know
I cut one sleeve off my arm I'm homeless
now anyway this is full doesn't help do
you guys got to watch this mate
so first girl as you can see man redhead
she's still hot dude like look at her
she's actually hot I know I know I'm
homeless but I thought you were
beautiful and I wanted to know if you'll
play a really quick game for it kiss
just two quickest
okay yeah all right here I play
rock-paper-scissors if I want to get the
kiss here we go rock-paper-scissors
I went yeah
this fucking dude cheated in this
fucking dude went from a rock to a
scissors I think it's camouflage bro I
she's not wearing a bikini looking ass
is he not wearing pants looking a beat
sir
oh god oh no no don't grab the imaginary
though don't grab the imaginary he does
Oh does he he grabs the imaginary he
grabs it he grabs a thigh come here
oh my don't grab the ass though don't
just don't do it to that no no I can't
even get a text back and this fools
kissing girls like that literally man
he's meeting girls for like 20 seconds
dude I'm over here sending messages good
morning babe this and this I can't even
get a hug bro whew so we're here with
the girl looks like a midget whatever
watch this okay and I know it sounds
crazy but I'm gonna flip this coin and
if I can get it right I get a really
quick blowjob this motherfucker just
said blowjob
let's guys just sit okay keep watching
okay okay okay
this girl said oh oh I say heads oh shit
okay
ah shit
we're gonna play a quick game bro are
you are you kidding me
there's what that bitch is like fucking
12:1 kissing doctors bro
this fool shows up at a doctor's house
like a doctor's house what
this 4 shows up at a fucking doctor know
what hospital whatever I don't know what
I'm saying I'm just so
I'm heated at the moment look so he's
doing something he's kissing on the job
though on the job though bro yo I need
someone Suman on the nametag bro find
her name like we need to investigate her
ask her questions did he pay you then
family edition family edition guys
family harder wash for kiss just rock
paper scissors
oh shit so I kind of skipped up a baby
she asked her who are these my mom and
my dad what I think is like her
grandparents um shit get down okay cool
here we go here you go my phone hold the
fucking phone rock paper scissors
damn she put scissors just fucking put
paper you know what no I wouldn't forget
the game
she lost a bro he didn't win and look
what this is our parents or her
grandparents or whatever no this is my
cousin Hector cousin this fool just said
that's his cousin they look like there
are a couple bro that's my cousin I'll
do that like with my cousins is related
it's not
that your daughter that's my daughter he
sounds so ashamed of her bro he raiseth
dr. audio shit's cringing skip a little
bit
rock-paper-scissors BAM is she wearing a
bra and a middle dude she's wearing a
bra that's not a bikini yes
that's a Brooke kisses her I know it's
not quite this look at this guy's face
bro bro
look at the way he's looking he's like
yep my daughter's a thot
yep that's uh dude he grab he grabs the
ass he Grimes grabs so as you guys can
see man your boy rice not that happy man
can't even get a text back basically
what I'm saying is like there's girls
out here man they're playing hard to get
nowadays and as full as meaning them for
like 20 seconds and he's like you know
and he's like making out with them bro
and he's grabbing the cheek if you just
watch this whole entire view and you're
like wow rice you're a hater man leave
this guy alone basically dude I have no
evidence about this guy you know fucking
faking anything I have no evidence no
nothing proving anything but what I do
have is some common sense and and yeah I
just feel like I don't know I mean I'm
not a hater I guess I am a hater cuz
this time I guess I'm jealous bro I'm so
jealous anyways comment section right
now scroll down on a before you comment
like the video if you think you should
say cuss fool but I want your input bro
literally just honest input rice gum bro
I think you're freaking out man like
this is legit rice gum there's no waste
happening let me know um just a little
funny video but put together whatever I
had a couple laughs were you watching it
I was jumping around anyways if you
liked the video drop the subtropics out
I'll be posting it next week I hope you
appreciate the grind and as always I
never ended my video as always before
