I was looking at your pictures and I was
wondering if uh if your boobs were fake
they're not fake no they're not so their
room no yes they are real I see
I'm is right is there any proof or
anything how could you do it if I can do
it you know that's the proof what yeah
you're like part Thurmond yeah I'm half
turn oh shit yeah you like Hitler you
bastard
away away I call me I'm sorry that's
what they called me in second grade and
it just haunts me to this day
oh I'm so sorry I'm so sorry it's like
it's like they called me that you know
so every time I hear that word it just
get flashbacks of like elementary school
although I'm so sorry shit I'm so sorry
oh my god you okay I'm so sorry dude
and then so sherry broke up with visit
right and that and now she wants him
back and then visit best so she's like
tweeting if I had like non-stop like
what losing tournaments and treating at
the people you live with like shit you
don't clean you don't cook and she's
like I was with you in Cali and she's
just tweeting all the shit off is or
physik IDM they're saying uh are you
saying
idea I'm they're saying you love fizz
huh that's crazy yeah sucks weren't you
the one that dumped him right cuz I
thought that's the story and look what I
even read it yet
it just keeps what I'm just blasting him
because I was a good person who truly
loved him and cared I broke up with him
and we talked about it we had agreed
that it would be a break without his
talking other people rather he said were
you done with it girl because Killa is
trying to smash - I had confronted him
about it in the same girl everyone's
already like starting o like do I want
to start banning it yeah if you guys
would be really that slow no you're not
I think they're over exaggerating I
think I am though you know what like I
just found out today no what did you
just find out today okay when you get
plastic circuit pretend if you get like
plastic surgery right okay I'm
pretending okay if you have a baby the
baby won't have plastic surgery Oh what
like the vault haha wait are you serious
even joking like hey pretended like you
get your nothin the baby won't have like
your nose oh yeah did you know that I
think it's pretty you know something's I
didn't know that so you thought if you
had fake boobs and then then your kid
cuz that's like different talking about
like I know well that's what you found
out today yeah that's crazy
project we were just like talking yeah I
was like oh yeah and like I said like
the plastic surgery thing was born koala
hey yeah well like 4:30 3:30 and then I
wake up at 12:00 every day so what are
you doing tonight
ah I don't think you want to know I'm I
was kidding oh that's cool are you
single yes and cool I prefer it like
that oh yeah you don't like a
relationship
no not moment why not Basia what we're
doing is we're raiding viewers at the
moment yeah
so we're I'm just gonna show her
pictures of you guys you guys can tweet
at me at your pictures and then show
right - what a scale of 1 to 10
okay here we go okay it's perfect boom
first one I'll zoom out it's so hard I
can't do this why can't you do this tell
me why you can't do this first thought
girls don't do the 1:10 thing but um
second oh gosh I'm tonight I don't know
I would say like I can do it three who
him
no the other looked okay you have to
show me an example of a 10 and a 1 or
like something how do you go okay okay
okay so 10 so a 10 so this is a tenor I
hold on I'll show you a 10 so this is a
10 although it's not a another girl of a
guy so 10 okay okay okay it's um one by
one I mean it's better than the others I
guess I have to say like what 300 never
going up slowly boys nicely on the low
she's hella high standards bro assume us
calling me Zuma yeah I got I got three
things to say all right what's the three
things man all right first thing is you
gotta get rid of that knocking sound as
low nation that shit's literally scaring
the fuck out
second thing dude she rated me a five I
was lucky kind of happy cuz she was
reading everybody twos and shit I knew
sent you showed her some handsome ass
dude I was like Dan I do Loki's is
handsome like no homo he's a handsome
guy she's like three and I like what
that fool was handsome and then uh
before was handsome and then uh three if
she returned her standards
she's like a five big ugly collateral
ooh all right
are you ready Oh
thus Lizzy boy I do
so sorry so that was really messed up
man I'm so sorry I don't know what I
don't want to show my face anymore cuz
it's kind of red I'm so sure yes are you
okay I am so so I see you made it to the
end of the video obviously you enjoyed
it because you would have left if you
didn't it makes you drop a like just to
show your appreciation and comment cuz
my last video my last stream I like got
a tartlet I had 500 comments and I don't
snot that much but for a small channel
like me that's all line I do read every
single comment or I try to or actually I
do read every single comment I do have
one more bonus clip which you guys
should stick around for it's really
funny like I said last video man if you
guys enjoyed it make sure you guys tell
me and I can do one of these you know
every week or whatever I do shoot every
day so make sure you catch it live
because it is a lot funnier live trust
me but links in the description but yeah
this last clip that girl that was like
oh the plastic surgery thingy I dragged
her into my call I was gonna call it
zoom and attach and I dragged her into
our call and it was pretty funny so yeah
so and oh yeah and we weren't bullying
her man it was all banter matey anyways
subscribe like comment all that bedazzle
and
at or do you like Chipotle or Panero
better um well we don't have any here
what where do you live
Canada so the de Cali rice haha what can
i Callie safety always here marker to
the dick are you serious
I think it's hard bro no I'll tell them
please you're gonna say um no no no what
the foot ain't nothing wrong being dumb
exactly it we're all dumb nah water this
jump so high
okay I'll shut shut I go there okay if
you like get your nose done or something
like when you have a child they're not
gonna like have the plastic surgery is
that crazy
oh yeah is that crazy huh Beulah I was
gonna call me slow I never knew that bro
wait no what say that again I didn't get
that at all
is gonna get like plastic surgery right
like if I get my nose done right then my
baby won't have like the plastic surgery
nose isn't that crazy Tucker that's next
level man no fucking shit baby
someone's gonna be dead acid you're not
you're a fucking retard brother chill
thank you for telling us to cannot have
mine you seem like a nice girl no she
she she's really nice
it looks low be nice what I said Oh
wouldn't you know me I said I say get on
your fucking knees I said suck my
fucking dick
soy Dora
I thought it was sucking my dick a droid
get on her knees oh she said to me a
race right you know she said to me Oh
what did she say to you you say yes I'll
get dick I said all right nice big big
Dooley you know it was the best pie you
know I turn around I thought I see this
fool dealing with a fucking dog in the
fucking girl in the fucking baby yes
good sure your Tommy should we can't
tell what happens at events I mean
Zoomers too
