Yodas up guys it is your boy race come
and there's some random-ass clips I
found my cap if you guys do not know I
should every single day and there's just
some random clips happen on my stream
things like this happen all the time I
just never put it on YouTube which I
really should concern all areas but
these are some funny stuff that happened
on my stream make sure you check it out
drop a like if you want more you know I
can do this every single week you know I
mean just let me know this how old are
you happy as YouTube player you know
what I know you I've seen your stuff no
you have it no you have it
yeah I'm YouTube oh you see me all you
she says she's never met one wait wait
you never met I'm out of here dude bro I
can make it make a youtube video about
this shit everyone's so happy and shit
they're so intrigued do every was like
in an apple is that it when was the last
time you got dick last night hole is
that what you're asking me I boobs are
fake they're real are they really let me
jiggling yeah it's real mmm
there's no way why because I okay so I
saw at one of your shows and I don't
know it looks like I can't show you
right now but I'll show you like an hour
yeah
he looks like a basketball player oh
yeah that basketball player dude he got
swag I would feel safe with him as my
boyfriend Oh
is he hot in his heart Jeb green eyes
would you eat me out then yeah okay
don't judge me but I Loki think he's hot
like Mark I think rice gum is hot
he's like I'm usually not into Asian
dudes but he's got me like I'm like one
on the rez NCIS if you don't show him
show me some art wow I didn't know that
you also have an artistic background
like me yeah oh you drew that hey you
know what you should write on the side
of his like face and you should write
this
or though Oh what is that
kitty it's a pussy do you do you I you
single what was the last time you had a
boyfriend he dumped me - now weeks ago
what here ah cute little cat oh did you
notice anything you unbuttoned your
shirt
am I like distracting you really are you
trying to uh it's like no I'm sorry it's
like that cat it's making me like kind
of hungry
did you hear what I said you see my cat
makes you hungry
yeah I don't know it's just kind of it
gives me an urge that's fucked up
what do you mean
sorry no I can't hear anything you're
saying I was just kidding you're kidding
okay it's not funny
it's like you never ate I can't are you
serious or not I will skip you I was
just kidding you are kidding
you promised I was just kidding who does
that right who eats cats
you weren't kidding you weren't kidding
were you
no I was I was I was good at jokes
they're jokes there yeah are you posting
pictures of us so I see you made it to
the end of my video thanks for watching
and this clip basically we were just
chillin Mego she didn't know that was
live to 3,000 people that she found out
was pretty funny I just fuckin dipped
and then just wait to the last clip
homie what
waitwhat
how yeah it was like a relationship
goals where did you post that toward
Twitter
you just do that without talking new
people wait what I love holy shit you
I'll get out Steve Steve
Yoshi fuck it I'm out rose Yoshio
thought guys tomorrow man I'll fuck it
out of here peace motherfucker
how are you I'm okay what are you doing
just hanging out watching your stream
seeing you lie straight to my face this
whole time what you're doing wait what
do you mean wait kick can I show your
face on the streamer now yeah go for it
yeah totally Thanks wait what's way what
what are you talking about so you know
those messages you sent me saying that
it was only streamed once and that it
was not recorded and no one else would
get it well I've been sitting here
watching your stream like an hour and
you replayed it
oh no no no no no I don't want to hear
it no I say ah fuck off no sincerely a
piece of shit your tool okay I saw all
the things you said about me I'm not
stupid
no I said I'm not crazy I'm a human and
you don't even have feelings you don't
care to other people think what are you
talking about what are you what what did
I do
I'm so confused yeah you're so confused
how about you show everyone the messages
you sent me promising and then how about
how about I show you the recording that
I took of you on your stream saying that
I was crazy and shit like that
wait I can send it to you I can show you
do you want me to show you I said you're
crazy I will show you it no it's not I
mean I don't want you know you're an
asshole
you're an asshole I didn't ask for this
I didn't ask for you to record me and
I'm a ton of people follow me out of
nowhere I didn't ask for all the stress
and all the messages that sexual stuff
it's just it's bullshit I didn't ask
it and yeah but you're kind of on omegle
so no you can go fuck yourself
I'm done
