he asked have you ever had a like a
threesome before yeah my had twice twice
with like two tunes are what the fuck yo
sup guys its your boy s cup and here's a
pretty sick interview I didn't interview
with Montana a couple weeks ago on MLG
it was like a livestream and then I had
to put on YouTube just didn't have
enough time so finally I have enough
time to edit everything out chop it up
actually pretty long video but uh shots
Adel homie that hunk this all up hold me
dark-skinned he has like all the
connections or whatever and he just hate
me was a you trying to bring my ten on
stream I'm like yeah why not ramaa
stream actually a pretty cool guy in his
songs he talks about like like shooting
people shit I was like kind of scared
but he actually turned out to be a
pretty cool guy watch the video I hope
you guys enjoyed the video make sure to
drop a like for the home in Montana and
then wait he's calling me he's calling
me god y'all was good what's going on
hey what's up fam how you doing alright
I think everything's hooked up what's up
man how you doing I'm all good it was
good
it's dope that you took time out your
day to stop by D and so everyone's going
crazy right now like oh it's the homie
you know you you have a computer or
something do you want to read what
they're saying uh yeah um go to a
computer see yeah yeah I'm on the mobile
right now I got a laptop but I got mad
well don t v-- uh slash then rice and
then gum rice and gum like chewing gum
yeah so rice gum okay okay okay that's
good
a guy said that you're a higher smoke
right now I'm not sure if he's is true
haha hey turn up that's in there well
you have some kids in the background
yeah yeah my son how are you oh you have
a son yeah it's a little Montana hey is
he a Hooper though yeah he is hey turn
up I do you that yourself right whatever
I do you hoop yourself yeah everyone's
asking for a quick freestyle but can you
drop one right quick
Oh quick freestyle yeah yeah oh you have
like a freestyle bout I can go at it too
I
okay hey ready yeah I think we're ready
my conscious told me come like this and
bring that pain with you oh he faith in
God and make sure that you keep that
thing which oh you got a purpose don't
sit around like these lame niggas y'all
ain't the same just cut y'all came from
the same trenches if they didn't
fighting and fighting standing that rain
with you then vein with you don't let
them get on that plane with you make
sure the ones you call broski them on
that same mission stay alive and stay
firm and stay out that cage nigga hard
over hustlers pumping all in your veins
nigga don't smoke and drink but your
highest when you on stage nigga remain
humble and blow up like a grenade hit
you and never change no matter how hard
the fame hit you um
oh my god this was fucking bars I'm like
oh my I'm burning right now I'm really
on fire baby that's just crazy
everyone's going crazy uh uh uh we out
here look at the chatter oh they love it
that's dope man that is dope how many
tattoos do you have
and I was kind of like sixty and it was
like in 2010 really I probably got about
a good eighty some maybe some stuff you
know some tattoos will start turning
into one you know let it be so close
together least of it I like is every
part of your body like covered in
tattoos or you know I got a lot of room
left on my back actually oh I got a few
spaces on my arms like my right rib I
got all day um and I've been I and last
time I just started working on my legs
so okay Coco cool yeah well that's sick
um shit see I didn't really write down
any questions so if the check has any
questions you guys help me out I don't
know what to ask you I mean I was
actually scared to call you like I was
like oh shit
now cuz in your songs bro you me talk
about some real shit I'm like nah but
you're actually like a really chill
person you know yeah and I gotta be
humble me about you know I realized that
you know uh you know life is short as it
is and short always really again today
we all human I just do what I do in any
second God can take it all from us you
know saying so I'll never talk down or
nobody like you know I'm immortal or
you know no shit bro I mean I can't die
just like you can die you got this
tattoo on my leg I said the tattoo on my
leg
think of the Hulk um being like tore up
by marine okay sick yeah yeah are you
like a fan of superheroes and shit
oh yeah I grew up in shit I was in the
comic books and all that type of shit
are you used to read books yeah I used
to fuck a comic book uh hey turn up
that's not an issue probably really got
to do it um you know my intellect and
you know everything and you know some of
the words of shit that I know today you
know yeah yeah yeah word where were ya
my favorite character Wolverines car do
you drive
go sit down ago my license suspended so
I just drive rentals how come it's
suspended like keep moving I'll Asians
and shit in one year like 2011 yeah I
got caught driving like three other
times and each time they add like
another six months
that's it good now I have my shit Friday
oh that's good bro you bout to you
whipping huh yeah it's true
are you single or are you like do you
have a girl nah man I'm married man oh
you're married yeah to the money man hey
buddy
that's sick dude same here bro I am
literally married to the money I put a
ring on that money like has it ever
happened so how you were like kind of
underground or whatever and then you
start blowing up I do like old friends
hit you up like and I want to be your
friend now and shit and old girls yeah
yeah yeah yeah exactly
- it's annoying as fuck huh yeah it's
true uh it's true sure it's on I mean it
but it's kind of real Richard oh I got
called all this shit like years ago yeah
yeah like you know I'm on my keep grind
and I'm gonna keep doing this um be
successful and mother's gonna be trying
to pop back up you know and um it's just
the way it is
hell yeah and sure enough it can't
happen so it's really nothing surprising
huh what's your favorite food Oh
pancakes man really like for your
pancakes for dinner and stuff too or
just I mean mainly reason for breakfast
like dinner fool really uh like steak so
what pancakes number one dance take a
Jeter pussy no I don't okay wait what
does it what not okay man this is uh oh
no no buddy like rubbed a dick wait what
it was getting you it was
didn't fuck it interesting - oh my god
it was getting interesting
yeah somebody try to call me oh okay -
cool so whatever no I saw like about no
and then it did work like I said that's
a cuz couldn't nobody like a guy
couldn't rub his dick against the wall
and and come on the wall and then
somebody wiped the wall off its way down
to clean it off you can nobody pay me to
lick that fucking wall like this is not
fucking oh happy
yeah I played something oh I don't drink
I don't smoke
oh you don't drink or smoke I don't
drink I don't smoke I don't you know
pussy and I ain't signing no deals
uh-huh do you eat the other holdover oh
definitely not
I suppose ha ha would you rather just in
the future you know if you had to pick
one which one I have a thought daughter
or a gay son you said a hot daughter no
thought thought daughter oh I thought
dog I have to go to thought daughter man
but you wouldn't you wouldn't want like
a gay son
no I can't okay son it true that I got
too much pride in my boy flexion of me
yeah weird you have to go see you know
if you have to go you know I'm good man
I'm rockin with me a guy says top 5
favorite rapper a personal favorite well
I like to listen to the most is a Tupac
DMX
Lil Wayne yeah they they you know they
had more I feel like then makes a Tupac
I way more substance you know like a
little anybody that have too much
substance but it's creativity you know
how to box thinking is a really what
always made me a fan you know um do you
know how to hit the whip no I'll do that
shit man
oh my dog under the nation that Nene
Chappelle good
that's too easy man doing an N is a
fucking faggot man I don't know you
sitting down man with your blood poked
out and your chest poked out like you
got breasts with your hand up like a
faggot most man put their hand up like
this when you put your hand up like this
and this and there's a palm is back
something some gotta be gay about the
nigga man house we're going on a day
trip and all yeah I want to say this no
matter how much money I get
motherfucking never gotta ever worry
about me dressing suspect window
fruity-ass exotic gasps gasps nothing
real sure how much money I get really
look like a motherfucker man at the end
of the fucking day she's actually
everyone's laughing at ya I was like
fucking fucking with him they still
laughing out loud yeah the others like
he'll wear some weird-ass shit huh y'all
know the fuck wrong with him I don't
think it is this is like a fucking train
outs I'm like what do you wear like
money what do you wear I like just like
a hoodie or some like what do you wear
like you're I mean yeah I really my
favorite color to wear is black
you know um so you know I'm just used to
just keeping Universal Michelle I really
don't give a fuck about all the material
shit really like if I could if I got a
min dollars right now I don't even if I
got ten million dollars right now I
don't even got a car in mind that I
would go get like I want the new
Lamborghini or like I really don't give
a fuck about none of this shit like I
had so much money and seen so much money
come and go just in my time living you
know from having run-ins with the police
and shit like that
like no nigga took my money from me ever
in my life but I've lost money to the
police before you know your shirt on and
uh you know cases and lawyers and all
that type of shit before but um like oh
no I'm not really into all like spending
my money and waste my money on all this
designer shit like it's cool every now
and then but to keep up an image and
shit like I'm gonna be a real ass nigga
whether I got a shred on my shirt off
you know a fucking $5 shirt from Walmart
right cuz I like when white tees you
know saying like you know why - like
imma be the same number a wrong shirt
like that but my fucking white tee you
be a pack of white tees from Walmart
straight cause fucking $14 five of them
motherfuckers and one fucking pack i'ma
wear them bitches I'm waiting bitches
I'm aware um some sweatpants I probably
cost $100 it's one person one 300 all
the Jordans in a much shorter bandana
do you have like a feel fear realize
nigga yeah straight up do you have like
a shoe collection that we can see like
in your house or anywhere like how I got
a whole bunch over my shit nasty my gosh
is like scattered all over
I got Jordans shit in the browser shit
that's it like really my shit messy like
it I got these joints hey I got then you
have helmet shoes I got these hope you
dollar bills are just lying around
what the hell you having money like
lying around everywhere I got these
barking tiny wooden but yes nice nice
easy ok sick goddamn Brody's Oh what
though the vases those are nice
yeah you have hella shoes play up did
you ever wore them roller all right now
oh my god that's cool I'm edgy we're van
sir
hell no L know what you catch me no shit
like this blame us what I feel you're
Montana yeah you can't wear pants how
about Lonnie I really honestly only
really like when it loads up shoes bro
yeah they're kind of weird low top shoes
are where I'm like fuck out on short
album album do I want to buy that shit
I'm gonna buy 10 of them shits
appreciate him appreciate your queue
sign it for me if I most definitely
brother made them and it's your like
favorite kind of girl like do you like
the white girls you know dark shit light
skins
I like lice can't take you idiots what
happen it's doing something it ain't
really safe for you in Chicago just be
all out you know Sam yeah cuz they be
fuckin you making you making yourself a
mark and a target you know saying yeah
I'm really and even when I was like
hustling shit like that like I was in
there just being low-key you don't say I
don't want to attention from the police
I'll go fuck about no attention from
these bitches and traffic they can go
watch a video see me you know looking
flying all the other shit you know so I
be in just some low-key shit like I
probably fucking around and I want to
say like a Range Rover like Range Rover
out on street at least look you know
then yeah be like who who is that in
there you know saying so I really don't
know so if I do get some nice I probably
only get it and I probably only fuck
around be driving it if I'm shooting a
video or some shit you know say he asked
have you ever had like a threesome
before
yeah I had twice twice with like two
Tunes er what the fuck
no no no young the heart of all the like
during it like like during like a
threesome like is it hard to like keep
your cool or whatever are like not you
know how to give you a cool school and
it's easy is it fun
yes fun and it's just kind of like first
thing like I can't believe she actually
happens but I mean you cool man but you
probably thinking about your stamina the
whole times you really try to enjoy your
phone cure drunk oh yeah we is that like
a teardrop on your face or is that like
it's something else
yeah isn't it I'm afraid I got some
super hearing my trigger fingers - what
does it mean it means like I mean like
you killed somebody
okay but you haven't killed anyone right
I mean I wouldn't be that smart of me to
say that I did over this but people get
them cuz it killed somebody or because
they are long invited as close to them
you know saying or or just a symbol or a
symbol of up just pain you know saying
and I think most niggas get them just
because they getting them just because
they were look you know do you have a
gun nerd do you have a gun it arose man
I got I got I call to pistol cases in
2010 and 2011 okay yes I supposed to be
with no guns no more but they definitely
close by now he's really such a cool
dude dude like Lilly
