I'm Connor and I called her oh my god
I'm scared as fuck right now oh my god
Oh J ass thank you for subscribing my
man all right Helen holy shit
long pick up is making me learn hello
hey Amy
I can't see you now how do I fix that
fuck go do hi Mia Khalifa how's it going
thank you for taking time out of your
day to come on my day of course please
thank you for having me I'm flattered
and honored I do you see my chat Hey oh
my god here you didn't read that fag
yeah there's just like happy dude
they're just like happy to see you
I can't work adult worker that's bad oh
so what did you eat for dinner today uh
what did I have I had a pizza offer oh
yeah those glasses prescriptive yes they
are prescription not prescriptive okay
sorry other rate well so you're smart
also I believe you're still in college
right no no no I'm done all you dropped
out or you just got your no no I got I
got my degree from UTEP okay nice nice
oh you play video games
yes I do what kind of video gives uh
world warcraft um civilization um yeah
so civilization is really fun I almost
say like I'm nervous I'm not nervous
okay guys okay I'm kind of nervous maybe
I no one's asking any questions you guys
it Braxton Miller yeah I'm still holding
out for him to come to Florida State my
usual way who's Braxton Miller Beck
similars they uh quarterback at Ohio
State University and I'm trying to get
him to transfer to Florida State to be
our quarterback okay are you talking to
him and stuff like texting um no no not
texting him this is all like indirect uh
making YouTube videos trying to recruit
him or something like tweets and having
people annoy him oh okay you want to see
my face keV I like my webcam I can see
you I can see you wearing your denim
shirt and your white tee oh okay um on a
scale of 1 to 10 how cute am I like a 12
really
yeah oh my god they shot dude uh your
eyebrows are more flaky than mine Oh
Thank You Mia see uh where were you born
Beirut Lebanon where's that in the
Middle East
okay sorry I don't know whether there's
a steamer no I've never heard of that
state before or like whatever the tree
it's a country never heard of it
Charlotte wait have you been to Vegas
like Las Vegas yeah yeah of course I
have
I like often or what because I live in
Vegas and like if you come physically
honest Rio that'd be pretty cool to see
like it's basically yeah that was pretty
cool huh know what I am planning a trip
to Vegas of pretty soon bangbros told me
that they were sending me to Vegas for
my birthday and instead I decided to put
it off so that I can take it more in the
springtime yeah when's your birthday my
birthday was last week it was February
10th February 10th oh so happy but here
I'll sing you happy birthday I'm just
kidding but yes yes I'm a virgin
are you really three subjects like how
to pick up some chicks or what okay step
one get a rag step two rug yes a rag
like a wash rag step 2 okay get some
chloroform well let me write it down all
right so rag chlorophyll Kay chloroform
three ask her if this rag smells like
chloroform gas grill smell okay and then
what and then wait until she passes out
and pick her up and take her back to
your place
I mean one second give me once I get my
laptops about to die oh yeah go cold
broth so nervous right now I don't know
what to ask what's a drink I don't know
why um I think it's like the interview
you had about drape waist oh he really
like hit you up I am not commenting on
this further because the last time I did
yeah
exploded in my face oh shit shadow I
believe you have to go soon so I have to
go to sleep soon I have school tomorrow
also so we can talk
Oh huh how old are you uh 18
no you're not wait why wait are you
really yeah oh my god you actually have
school tomorrow oh my god I feel like a
pedophile because I do have schooler
Braille sadly you know my Asian pears
are pretty strict only cuz it's so funny
oh yes
are your parents strict yeah I'm Middle
Eastern it's basically the same thing if
you're not a lawyer or doctor you're an
embarrassment to the family Wow so
you're not a lawyer or a doctor so they
think you're embarrassment
yeah totally ah do you still talk to
them though and stuff no no ever since
all of this like blew up in my face they
stopped talking to me Oh for real yeah
but I know that they love me and when I
stop they're gonna welcome me back with
open arms and you're gonna stop right
like you just do this for a period of
time just to get my concept Bank roses
up that over I mean next January and
your cash it out though right like
you're just rolling in money well I have
bills so I'm kind of just jumping in
puddles of money yeah what kind of um
what kind of car do you drive
uh and Audi oh nice I like a nice one no
like a shitty 2008 a4 I mean I I Drive a
bike to school so you're doing pretty
good for a little bit my face thing oh I
know I know just yeah yeah yeah haha is
my most viewers ever probably yeah my
second most was 5.3 so you set the
record for most viewers oh my god be
Khalifa step on it if you're coming in
my favorite color yeah
ah garnet and gold alright cool so um in
the future I might have some like rice
Cup shirts so I'll send you one in that
color are you would you wear it totally
and take like selfies and stuff yeah
yeah yeah awesome
I'll try claritin esteem too if n grows
will let me if you promise not to sue
them my craziest fan encounter my
craziest fan encounter probably um uh I
going to a coffee shop and then asking
what my name is
and me saying Megatron and them putting
Mia instead and I'm like really dude
like I literally just gave you a name
and you put me and the guy was like
super creepy I mean Megatron dafuq
that's my fucking name yeah do you like
transformers like the movie yeah
Megatron's my favorite TV show um
currently uh house of cards oh yeah on
Netflix yes nice nice nice yeah
no this isn't really Mia Khalifa this is
the fake this is the decoy Mia Khalifa
is the robot completely we thought that
they dangle in front of Isis so that the
real Mia Khalifa doesn't die wait so why
is your name Mia Khalifa is like random
or well my dog's name is MIA and Khalifa
is Middle Eastern so we just had 6,000
viewers yeah fuckin score tomorrow um
would you do this again in the future
like it's not wearing any makeup that's
why I look 13 no no you look at 21 or 22
that's it good
yeah I'll totally do this this I had no
idea it was like this chill this is
awesome yeah yeah whenever whenever
you're on and you guys are bored I'll
help on for a little bit okay guys I was
fab Mia Khalifa the chat thank you so
much for stopping by you're freaking
awesome by via Khalifa have a great day
you to happen it's visionary haha i all
love stuff at math this is so nice what
the heck well I handled that pretty good
actually
6.2 K viewers holy this is more than I
ever had in my life
let me screenshot this so I can show my
mom
