hold on I was gonna collar hold on hello
hello hey what's up I'm not much as you
said a broadcasting anyways um so what's
what's up with you yeah so what do you
like to do on your free time
um well usually I I'm in archery Oh
archery like little like bow and arrow
yeah okay and horseback riding and in I
like figure skating and snowboarding
like to start trends right huh you like
to start trends uh yeah sure I mean I
think I've studied a few maybe I have
you ever have you ever put ice skate on
a horse and you're riding it while you
archery no I have not that I should try
that one day try that shit yeah have you
ever boogie boarding ball playing
ukulele I boogie boardin well well while
smoking some weed Oh were you from I
live in Indiana are you like born here
yeah I was born here
how'd you get an accent my dad he okay
so here's the thing my my mom is French
and Native American my daddy is Italian
a Native American and I've spent a bunch
of time around my dad and his family
which they weren't originated from
southern Italy so yeah yeah it's funny
because you said a lot of people uh cam
yeah what you guys huh but she just hung
up on me I'm going to talk to him again
cuz I feel so so so bad okay
oh this is too funny dude like people
are so nice on that website
alright good she called me I'm so mad at
you
oh I'm so sorry my Quon died I did not
mean to I would never you hung up on me
you used me you use me for my viewers
and drugs no I did not I did not
so I Julius I was actually I mean I was
born in America but I moved to Japan
konnichiwa konnichiwa where do you know
Japanese
I just a little bit demo yeah demo demo
Irish it
no no um you know Arashi this close
close close uh anyways uh um since I've
danced since I was six years old I've
traveled to different places in the
country to dance and perform dances
Purefoy are you not a dance
yeah his name is Giles out on guys stop
donating me money please alright so um
why should I do okay so whoa whoa ah
what the fuck oh my god oh shit oh my
god
well what of shit what the fuck oh my
god I turn now yeah it's your turn just
go ahead just go oh my god I'm just I'm
nervous I can't beat that shit don't be
nervous don't be nervous
oh my god she's so nice um I do like a
type of dancing now hold I gotta play a
song though yeah my dad's going crazy
dude it's tough hold on is this the
right song this is the race on
Oh pulling away the green screen here it
goes oh my god that's so cute a run
today yes balance oh he's so good oh do
the dougie jiggy little it was it was
amazing yeah do you also sing or what um
I don't think I can but there have been
people who said I can so you so you can
sing yeah then I get a little nervous so
ah
nervous yeah where do you want to try
singing um okay
right I don't know what to sing good
sing wait I see your horse ride you
archery you look you you skate you all
know what you do but you do like a lot
of stuff right yeah I also like and you
can't and you sing apparently I like I
like fighting video games - I have a ps3
what games do you play a Call of Duty
Assassin's Creed and Marvel ah I see uh
what else it modern warfare 3 Halo Reach
Skyrim Halo Reach on on um yes three
yeah yeah you say I'm crazy cause you
don't think I know what you've done but
when you call me baby I was not the only
one
that was good
and so then he's just like hey I want to
break up with you and I was like that's
fine that's cool dude just do whatever
you want to do Wow well do you have a
picture of him so we can see like what
you're working with
well actually I drew a picture of him do
you have any yeah I do
oh yeah I see it I mean I feel like a
cop right now just like I do screws yeah
why why why would he do that
Wow he's he's a mean person he is a
meanie
he's a fucking meanie dude I also like
drawings yeah so she could draw barely
two guys what can't you do so that's him
yeah listen well he was Asian or
something or what yeah he's Filipino and
black oh wow did he tear it up no all
right good
no is that lilo and Stitch yes it is
nice nice is that it's a fox and then
see it's tell stop wait what oh yeah I
see I see I see it guys look it's like a
font and it spells Fox sideways hold on
show again that's sick dude that's
America ha ha
do you like black guys and their - how'd
you do you like Asians yeah Asians are
pretty chill - you like white people
yeah she likes everybody guys hell yeah
oh dude you like Muslims who me yeah
yeah sure yeah yeah I like puzzles I
happen must have been her name's Mary
Mary is she hot I guess so yeah yeah I
got a Muslim friend named Mia rid of Mia
Khalifa
no Mia Khalifa now okay yeah guys press
one if she could dance again cuz her
moves are like her moves are nice I like
it yeah yeah everyone's saying dance
it's um like Dance Dance Revolution
what's what's up how'd you play that
also yes is why you play everything
you're so Wow hot it should make
hi okay um I'm ready I have to put my
hair up and do this put your hip what's
a good song uh going down for real by
Flo Rida okay I mean she just said it
shake for one sake
