yeah yo sup guys I'm back for another
video
before I start a little bit of a change
of plans man basically I was supposed to
have a really really funny video come
out today but it was gonna take too long
to record and edit all together and I
probably wouldn't have put it up today
I'll be up tomorrow if anything so
instead we're gonna do another view and
then stays ideal for another time I
could go do a Q&A today and you guys are
like alright so what really cute it are
you know every single thing about you
trust me you don't and sometimes in my
free time I like to watch cute videos of
other youtubers and they're like 10 to
20 minutes long and I literally fall
asleep halfway through every single time
I'm gonna make it as interesting as
possible and if you don't want the full
entire video then there's something
wrong with you because I'm so freaking
fun oh yeah one more thing the other day
I tweet out yo ask me questions on
twitter at hashtag ass rice gum and we
were treading on the US and hell if you
ask me so much question so I just picked
on a few but there is so much clashes
weighs it so much or so many how much
how many so one oh my waist Olivia
started so the first question is did you
expect to be trending honestly no I did
not expect it I thought I was doing it
like like hardly any questions and that
that make up my own questions like like
make like fake Twitter Town site race go
what's your favorite color
so the next question is how often do you
smoke I'm not trying to sound corny
thing but I basically smoke every day
around my bag of weed right here I
believe they call it the Kush
um and then I'm up to roll a blunt for
you guys to see similar to my role model
Wiz Khalifa in this video I have my iPad
right here and I'm going to roll up a
blunt on my iPad so I got my rolling
paper right here alright so basically
I'm pouring it on alright so I put it on
I'm about to and then you want to roll
it up so I have out my iPad in case
anything happen so you want to take your
time see I'm experienced so I did it
really quick yeah when was the last time
you smoked that loud
do you get bullied you look like those
nerds that get bullied lol I don't like
to talk about it but um I did get
bullied a lot like it sucks getting
bullied mad like sex a lot man like it
fuck it fucking sucks like I'll get
bullied on the bully I'm the reason why
your kid is scared to go to school every
day but series guys all doing aside I do
not get Boyd nor do I bully people I'm a
pretty nice guy and people around me are
also pretty nice to me because they
don't make fun of me would you rather
have hiccups for the rest of your life
or have the sensation to sneeze but you
can so guys other um such a day at
school
so today I asked well would you rather
be able to fly or read minds by the way
the streams are prowling thank you for
the comment on the Shrieve I would
rather be able to read minds not cuz not
this requires a super cool is cuz the
other one kind of sucks I mean if I
wanna fly you know what I mean like I
would use a plane and if I was flying
like this man I'm messing all the wind
coming to my face like I wouldn't be
able to see like I'll just be like aa
cat or non-catholic over set as you can
see by my shirt man cats are just so
much more chill relaxed and they're I
think they're like just more relaxed and
the dog just is always constantly
barking and that's just annoying I think
the guy asked this question is it
showing to be racist and saying like
which one do I like better when it comes
to taste why are you so funny also do
you eat cats - I'm not fucking eat cat
that's freaking disgusting honestly if
you're Asian from the 9th is of America
I don't think they really do this here I
think in other countries they do I
actually went to Vietnam a couple years
back and I was there for like a month
and I did not see one cat or dog there
like as a pet so I don't think they eat
it or maybe they're not pets cuz they're
food oh my goodness I know I was there
and we don't eat cats or dog and I don't
eat it either that shit's fucking nasty
what would you do for a Klondike bar so
yeah guys this is what I would do for a
Klondike bar I got some organic body
cameras I got some organic cinnamon some
black peppers and they're not grinded up
in there whole black pepper
I went downstairs and I did all of that
and I'm out of Klondike bars I just have
this shit there's actually Klondike ice
cream sandwiches so I guess I'll eat one
I guess
you'll honestly it doesn't even taste
like a sandwich no Klondike you guys
don't even know how to make sandwiches
or something I look good I'll show you
guys now this is a real Ice Cream
Sandwich I'm gonna cut this in half do
pieces of bread now I made up 2 pieces
of bread I guess we'll start off with
the ham I got some Oscar Mayer of
chicken breast ham put some ham on that
bitch I'll put 2 1 not a tapa 3 I use
some American cheese why not right and
what's like sandwich without some
ketchup right yo no this is a sandwich
man you got ham it got it got cheese it
got ketchup I mmm how do you deal with
basic bitches I got no type no bad
bitches is the only thing that I like
raesha Mert said and I just Google how
to pronounce their name they said they
only like bad bitches therefore we won't
talk to these basic bitches so just
ignore the man don't deal with them at
all cuz basic bitches and your friends
think of you streaming over social life
oh no I live she ever Sunnah has 7:00
p.m. Pacific on mo GTV this being said I
can't let go out that much as I stream
every single night and I'm really
committed so there's no really socialize
at school and streaming and now I got
YouTube to be a part of my life so that
being said they basically think I'm a
loser and they make fun of me always
it's look if you love it's okay because
I just show up a bank account and then I
just start roasting them do you actually
smoke weed every day guys it's a joke I
don't smoke weed every day now not like
Mia I mean the Wiz Khalifa are you so
skinny brother skinny because I'm always
chasing after these hoes man I gotta
stop dude I got to stop chasing them cuz
I'm running I'm chasing these homes and
they're wasting my time and I'm burning
so much calories and my heart rate
always pumping so I'm chasing these
stupid but no but also the guys I'm not
even skinny I'm actually a really really
buff
do you eat booty way what ah what is
your best pick-up line
so yeah what's up girl um I have like
almost 20,000 followers on Twitter where
do you see yourself in five years in
five years I can see myself having the
iPhone 11 I'm not really sure how my
life is gonna be um probably have three
kids with two different baby mamas you
have three wishes what would you do with
them you cannot ask for more wishes and
one wish we would be best frigid I would
want to be Ray J and make that sex tape
um I would want a Klondike bar and the
third and final wish is PI to have more
wishes because I don't follow the rules
you rather have to land a tub of snakes
or have toothpick shove up your toe all
right guys I got my toothpick right here
it's about to go down let me take off my
socks got my socks off
psych I would never hurt myself for some
viewers Matt all right guys thank you so
much for watching this video man I'm
gonna clean up a little bit this is
actually some Nutella thank you so much
watching the video man it means a lot to
me make sure your jump is hot like
laughs though we had 700 likes in under
a day so let's run hit a thousand in
like a day how about that yeah a
thousand just share with your friends we
could have thousands we can do it that's
what Dora said but yeah guys that is it
for now make sure you subscribe for the
next video make sure you drop a like I
really wanted a thousand Mike and look
under look guys we're almost at that
slice so make sure you drop a lot oh
yeah one more thing guys um if you don't
have a Twitter you can ask me a question
in the comment section below next video
I'll be pulling some questions from the
comment section below but I suggest you
make a Twitter guys look I don't like a
Twitter bird that's it's an actual
Twitter bird you want to tell them
something okay
oh you make a Twitter so you can fucking
ass write some questions you bum ass boy
and then drop a like anyway thank you so
much for watching the video I'll see you
guys next time and last video I ended
the video I don't know where and it was
really weird so I won't do it
