Yona so guys it is your boy rice coming
back on the mic and I'm excited to bring
you guys this video man 2014 rice cup
room tour show you guys my room true
guys where the magic happens and where I
stream and everything I have going on
there
so that should be good I watched a lot
of videos like you set up videos room
tours in the past and I would always
fall asleep like halfway through so I
tried my hardest to keep you guys
entertained and make you guys laugh a
couple times and stuff like that but
let's say for this viewing hit 600 like
so I would do a house tour as I'm sure
guys my room my kitchen my bathroom my
cars my bathroom I look at my bathroom
and here's where the magic happens man I
was on the water looking fresh uh-huh I
got my toothbrush automatic baby not my
vibrator okay cool but the edge so much
watching drop that light and we'll see
you guys yo what's up guys welcome to my
room and yes there's nothing crazy about
my room dude just a bed it's kind of
messy and that's pretty yeah I mean I
got some posters over here got my homie
Jerry Rice gonna be catching footballs
this got me back that in the day
who petition got me back to the day who
put this got my homie
Floyd Mayweather signature in a frame
but there's really nothing much in this
room so I'm gonna go into the main
attraction alright guys so this is where
the magic happens man this was
technically a game room where me my
brother would just come here and play
games and the family would come here and
and and watch TVs and movies and
but no one came here for a while I was
the only one in here playing games of
 so I may have my own like my own
room like I told my mom I want a bed
here I'm gonna start sleeping here
during the summer I'm gonna be on that
grizzy run and I'm on the start sleeping
here and as we turn over here is here's
my couch you know I like to sit here
sometimes hang out and watch TV but on
this couch I have some stuff from Amazon
which I opened everything up because I
just couldn't resist but I got another
package today which is awesome cuz this
what is in here is gonna change my life
dude I'm just kidding but yeah it's
pretty awesome
imma open that up later so I feel like
we're hoppin around everywhere so let's
start at the entrance man so boom we got
my backpack I just came home from school
I got a backpack JanSport whatever do I
even see this
it's a calendar my mom put this on I
swear guys I did not put this Asian
up 2015 Asian drum okay now I not been
us I was keep flipping through okay well
thank you mom for putting this calendar
here I will be using that later you know
to mark down my dates and stuff like
that um okay so over here an old chair
dude I used to sit here all the time
when I used to play and then I upgraded
but this chair was pretty awful it
ripped and stuff like that but it was
like like a what material it's it's
freaking one material this it's so it's
so rough knocks on the brown oh man I
did not like it and hurt my back every
day here's a ladder the ladder is here
because my mom just install some
curtains right there you know let's go
over here right quick man so you know
whenever you know it's game - Brett
might know what I'm gonna close the
Koreans a boom and then I can be like oh
yeah I want some sunlight a boom a boom
and you can look outside and I got a
basketball court but if you guys gave me
this dictionary like I would do a
 house tour it'll be interesting
man so back over he's an old old
fashioned fan back then in the
summertime dude my air would be broken
and it was so hot because I'd be in the
green screen and I'm literally
suffocated but there's nothing much here
there's a desk a quoit you know people
always ask me Rice Cup how you so strong
stuff like that nah I just say the shake
weight let me come over here it's just a
really messy dance where I just put down
all my schoolwork right here I got my
beats by dre and think yeah here we go
beats by dre then I got my my Astro a 70
X Box headset pretty awesome blue icicle
is what I got yesterday in the package
I'm gonna be using this later I'll show
you guys why I got some bag of chips
over here I'm actually eat healthy as
much as possible you know it eat some
pears that but whatever the girls
come over like rice now I'm hungry give
me some food my okay here's a bag of
chips I've thrown at them like oh my God
thank you so much and I was just like
you're welcome man so over here is the
 fan this saved my life
during summer dude I used to stream
during summer and this green dude I
would like to have it like this right
and it would like it would honestly
suffocate me so I just have this right
here the span
angles arced right into my face
perfectly feels amazing John I want to
talk to you guys about myself so bad but
let's go into the green screen man so
this is a custom built green screen
custom made by my mom you know there's
this one now that mom can buy like an
$80.00 green screen online and mom was
like what the
let's buy or well that's make agree so
I'm like oh yeah that's super smart you
know save money stuff like that so my
mom went out and bought some fabric my
dad bought some PCP pipes I mean it's
not the most sturdy but it gets the job
done and a green sheet is so good it's
the reason why my streams are so
organized and so awesome just because of
this little equipment right here so we
see it a lot of money hold on let me
bring this over and then I'm gonna sit
down for a little bit oh so I sit down
and boob it's just a perfect green
screen it gets the job done I mean it
was super cheap you know I got some
weights holding it down you know I'd be
curling at something fun I'm up at curl
this right here look at this man 50
pounds guys it's really I know it says
20 pounds right there
but it's actually 50 bit it's my left
arm - ah all right cool so here's my TV
man
you know it's an lg tv stands for living
gay and over here you know it's just a
60-inch is very nice TV I used it a lot
back then I used to play Cod on this but
I stopped I bought some monitors because
that was the way to go freaking piano
which I never turn before but I'm here
or some has - I used to wear back then
before I had cool hair just up snap back
- no I mean snap backs and tattoos I
said we turn this on man so here's the
plug I'm about to play us some music I'm
not sure where my closes plug is but let
me try to turn it on hold on I might be
sure if it works or not so all right so
I plugged it and let's see if it works
come on come on ooh
it works oh my god I'll but play at the
time if you get this song in the
comments area below I will literally
give you a freaking hug already oh my
god
and over here is my light I totally
forgot I'm basically a lot of people
that uses green trees they use like
expensive expensive studio lights like
just very high quality studio lights
right and this is what I use a freaking
old wooden lamp I don't know how it
works I guess the job done and I run a
really low budgets treatment I've only
been shooting for one year and my my
progress has been amazing so thank you
guys so much for that so let's open it
I'm pretty excited to die
so it's dirtball these package man we
got them oh this is humongous all right
so you guys are like what the hell is
this right stuff so this is a blue spark
man a very high quality super high
quality microphone I'm gonna be sound
like I'm on a radio show
call me freakin Howard Stern man is open
this bad way of like I'm not even trying
to like to make this meet and like go
through everything I'm just trying to
open it up oh my god hold on this is
like a wood its wooden Braille packaging
is 10/10 bro for sure
look at the Lord look at a oh my
gosh
I believe this is the shock mount I
think it is Wow super heavy believe this
is the pop filter so when you talk into
it all right the cool poop poop poop so
every time you say the p-word it doesn't
you know like pop so here's the
microphone this is so heavy oh my god
all right so I'm basically I am in the
other box I have just this microphone
stand this was actually really expensive
which I was so surprised about right now
it's just a microphone stand but it is
what it is you know it's super useful
I believe so we'll see how this goes I'm
a hawk everything up yo I just hooked it
up man this is freaking gorgeous oh my
goodness I hooked up early I took me
like an hour but I got it done I'm still
debating if I want to have it coming
from the top like this or did I wanted
to come in from the bottom like this
like yo what's up it's your boy
chillin but I know I'm asking but I'm
not quite sure where I want it coming
from yet so let's hop into my freakin
Paradise Isle in heaven whatever you
want to call it first step I say we go
with the chair so here's a chair I sit
on every snow day for hours upon hours
and my back never never hurt so it's a
perfect chair very affordable for
everyone it's the same chair that Nature
has instead of it being black I got it
in blue cuz everyone has a black sounds
like know what I'm gonna be a
trendsetter and get blue on top of that
blue is my favorite color
I'm not here crimping this I'm just
kidding guys anyways let's sit down
first one is the Xbox one I used to put
on the ps4 but I stopped I got the Xbox
so I get the Xbox edition
I got the advance work for Xbox edition
when it first came out because I was
like no advanced warfare is a game I'm
gonna blow up on as in popularity later
I'm gonna my channel to explode
everyone's gonna know my name stuff like
this so I got this I think I'm gonna
turn it on oh yeah that's it oh my good
it is my other trailer I'm here in their
old microphone blue snowball it works
just fine here I let the unplug it to
Tony anymore sorry blue snowball it was
it was a good two years so let's go back
over here so back here has a lot of
wires and just in a wire everywhere
which is I have to organize it better
but right here old-school speakers don't
really use anymore
my Astros all the time routers back
there
modems back there this thing here is
what my dad gave me this is a really old
school a super old school I don't know
where you can buy or wet called is
called the surge master oh my god the
surge master plugs are plug to the back
of this bad boy and I can just see right
here says printer I can just turn the
pair like that right there is the light
instead of going back there and reaching
around and you're filling around with
that I can just use this button super
easy and then monitor computer same
thing so it's really it's it's really
useful really old but really useful I'm
party to link all the parts in the
description probably or probably not I
might get lazy but uh let's try and
here's the Icicle start here's the
Icicle is what changes this microphone
because this isn't a USB microphone so
it changes this microphone into a USB
microphone so I can play into my
computer so that's pretty useful - I
just got that recently so here's my
printer right here boom printer gets the
job done
I believe it's uh it's like it's so
messy er the candid you know I'd be
turning out my essays you know MLA
format 12 font Times New Roman
double-spaced you guys know how we do so
yeah so let's turn this bad boy up here
a boom oh my god it's so beautiful let
me try my two monitors back story on two
miners so this was the first miner I got
it was a BenQ super overpriced II like
this my right here is a 1 millisecond I
got it for like under 200 this I believe
I got for like I believe I got for like
300 400 something on Windows 7 is pretty
good there's my background I look at my
keyboard the turns up hold on can I
turn it up oh so bright my mouse horse
hair back then I used to play a lot of
see houses just looking at oh my god
looks like a robot oh my god I got some
all-black Astro a form an all-black
in fact I have this microphone here I
don't have it in coz I don't really use
it that much makes it really good to
adjust volume like in a 1v1 situation I
might crank it up you feel me in the
future though I want to upgrade to a 50s
being wildest it's just so much bear
like let's say I'm just playing some
cardio I'm playing cod and my mom's like
Brian come downstairs and do the laundry
I'm like oh
I got a play constant right so I'm right
now stairs I'm like teammates teammates
 top red hot red cut out cut out
a post post alley post alley so I
believe that's like the end of the video
man I mean I think I went through
everything but why are still watching me
it's been a while and you guys are still
watching so I bet you guys enjoyed the
video
oh there's not much more I can say I
mean I only run two monitors you guys
about that rights gonna watch you get
three monitors I'm like tomorrow stolen
forever dude tape space and I only need
two monitors I have two webcams they're
really useful but like a family I've had
but I use it quite a bit there's a
family iPad music to watch emoji streams
this you guys know how we do look
at this but emoji who's streaming dude
Who am I about to watch it takes forever
to load never mind
use it on Twitter you know hearthstone I
play hearthstone occasionally on this
iPad prequel iPad really useful anyways
they guys don't like for watching this
video I hope you guys laughed a little
bit I mean it was just a sample just for
you guys I kept asking but I once again
slap that like button comment what you
think about it if you have any questions
just let me know how answer them slap
that like button 600 is a rule no
network tour house tour there so we're
watching everyone have a great night
have a great weekend happy holidays
