yeah what is up guys it is reporter s
car back in the mic man I am honestly so
tired it's so cold man like why's it so
cold um last night it was raining all
night and you guys know Vegas there's no
in Vegas there's really not that much
rain so it's crazy but yeah so we're
going through our outfit right click no
I'm looking at my closet right now bleh
not sure what I'm going to wear but I
guess I'll figure it out we got just
appropriate though for the weather cause
like we can't be dressing like a bum
like dudes be when I'm like basketball
shorts that tisha I gotta blow my nose
dude my nose is dripping uh
so look Reese my today cuz we always
look swaggy bad always but anyways the I
saw was watching a whole ah where's the
fucking happy music I was like pick it
up I was like where is it ad though
where is it it's right there man right
there with you guys also watching my
shoot drop a like side no let's go ahead
500 likes
and let's see if we hit 500 likes you
know I'll make a fuck it up
I'll make a freakin um sorry I totally
blanked out I will make a freakin video
setup video a video setup of my setup oh
I got my clothes laid out on my bed and
the first steps are sauces chorus how I
don't know why I asked it what sucks but
this is how we put on socks out here
boys the other song man so I got one of
my socks I'm feeling cozy as heck right
now no May we're back in here look at my
outfit man more like this I got that
dirty Black Friday and I had the bike
and like it was like a raincoat type
thing but it wasn't like the fabric that
you know usually what raincoat comment
like the fabric that rain shows are like
this plastic bag in there so you
sound like eating chips or whatever but
it's like actually clop and I don't know
I like it a lot and it has like this
nice like black it's stuff like this
basic charge just like a basic Nate I'm
not trying to order look good
but you know I'm looking casual I'm
walking around school looking great on
black I'm going to be one crazy shoe so
it's going to even have to be pretty
like a rainy day today so i address
appropriate now guys stay warm
but yeah it's like it's raining he got
four degrees outside and home he got
rollerblades on here straight chillin he
got his beats by dre beanie on I feel
bad for all these kids and they bout to
be cold who share my camera is about to
get fuckin broken or whatever but check
out these kicks man I got the bro she's
on white and black row she's looking
fresh as fuck I don't know why every
time I wear these shoes it starts to
rain so you know I'm like a weather man
well in a school kind of awkward people
looking at me weird but who cares is it
David rabe antha no the what the nose is
both a bogey bogey bogey both definitely
both
she doesn't rock brave man because she's
not Rice Cup but I'm in class right now
straight chillin it we got a mi loud I
don't get the teacher looks at me what
the hell is that nasty shit oh I love
Chris Kohler sir yes you can get it
Oscar's is that me haha yes way yeah
what's up man
I just got dropped off of my bus I just
saw the funniest thing it's like
freezing it's so cold outside like
literally I'm freezing first time
zooming in so I'm not quite sure how
good it is but I'm zooming it but homie
has on homie has on oh shit I thought
you saw me like I was scared
homie has on oh shit he's only looking
at me he's fucking look at me oh my good
you look good
he's look chokes up guys I'm back I'm
not sure if you guys can see that last
clip but basically homie is literally so
foggy it just got done raining I should
put my hood got the hood on because my
ears are cold but basically homie had on
fucking he didn't have high socks he had
ankle socks basketball shorts ft shirt
little here's one to go swimming or
something out on it was crazy
ooh ooh boom plan but yeah walking home
from school long day of school I'm gonna
come home I don't think I'm gonna take a
nap because I have stolen things they do
I have a big math test tomorrow on top
of that I have SATs on Saturday so that
kind of sucks and dick did so I just got
home I usually come inside my house from
like knocking the front door but I open
the garage and we're gonna try to sneak
into my own house and make them not know
where I am
but take off your shoes hello San Jose
sugar here
shoes are off dead silence EXO muon oh
my parents are watching some Asian
movies very challenge oh my god so loud
I should take off my backpack
guess I should do much it's just too
heavy man I need that lightweight my god
oh my god
fuck I crossed rostro Oh
oh my god oh my god
oh just woke up from my nap took like a
three-hour nap BAM
I wasn't supposed to take a nap I had
held a homework about but you know what
I had to take a nap my parents don't
even know that I'm home right now so I
should go downstairs until I'm home
well I should check my phone oh boy look
at all these missed calls man my mom
told me 17 times yatha guys I'm back in
my bathroom and still the same day I
just got done taking my nap I went
downstairs for a little snack but Mac
I'm here and I know that my veal wasn't
too long today so and it last vo I
didn't promise if we had 400 likes I
mean the cinnamon challenge which I have
right here have that much left so I'll
play eat all of this as it's organic so
this shit's high quality we ballin out
here yeah but let's start a challenge
for next door guys and let's take this
video against 500 likes will do so let's
save this view hits 500 life I will
literally or serve other guys I was
thinking about center view but let's
save this video it's 500 life so this is
girl in my class has really long hair
and it's always on my desk like my desk
is my desk in her hair is always in that
shit so let's say if this brilliants 500
likes I'll cut her hair off but that's a
way too extreme I don't know if I'm
gonna do that or not but let's just show
you I found her life and I promise I'll
do some special research so let's get
started let's stop stalling
all right so let's try not to die so
hatch I try since when I drop a light
drop a comment I all comments it falling
on Twitter right ex-con and yeah
boy I'm a fucking savage good boy
