yo what's up guys it's your boy rice
coming back but Mike how you guys doing
man Emma so three of a data life with
risk of episode two is so successful
again man four hundred likes in one day
a thousand plus views in one day that's
insane so this video is going to be
coming up after Thanksgiving so the day
after Thanksgiving but right now it's
Thanksgiving so happy things here to you
guys man I'm so blessed and aiming for
all you guys but enough talking guys
make sure you drop that like man we're
trying to hit 400 views let's say if we
had 400 views next and not abuse are 400
likes and saying the standards really
low like 200 100 but let's say if we had
400 like this video next video I'm gonna
start off the video but give a cinnamon
challenge if you guys don't know what
that is is when you eat cinnamon and you
try not to die you show me anyways this
is like the longest intro ever so time
to get started with my day where's the
happy music at though and let's fucking
get started boy yo wazzup guys your boy
razor
am i selling on far away's I really am
far away but the first step to having a
Thanksgiving dinner is to look fresh
well you can't be wearing no sweatpants
that white tea - no Thanksgiving dinner
so I'm gonna share my outfit right foot
because I always always man I always
always man always look fresh but also
first step I got that moles over here
that's a very basic outfit but the girls
are gonna love it
I turned out good man I got this is
really nice I haven't been trouble
attack is I just got it I have a couple
pairs that I got this color because I
like this color matches really good it's
like a freaking grayish there's other
missing cheeto joggers these are like
really really popular now where I mean
you know I'm not trying to say like on
my hips or anything but I've been
wearing these since day one but these
are just like really good material and
then there's like this cuff on the
bottom so here you go man these fit
really good like they're like nice and
skinny but you're like oh it fits really
good and I'll get to see my facebook so
i might alleys up have the bun see how I
tied it up man like all this thing every
little thing counts and I don't know why
I'm showing on my private parts but look
see how I tied up right here man next
step is the denim on take off my shirt I
put the cameras pretty low so you guys
can't really see my nipples which is a
good thing I'm on my knees right now it
should
get on your knees but look I so don't
buy it the first one but button the
second one right so you know I button
the second one and then skip some see so
I save a lot of time like if I'm late
for dinner dude I save a lot of time and
I'm a button this one of the second to
last one so you guys how are you rice
look they're happy where are you wearing
stuffing is it even matching and this
shirt looks way too big on you
but wait you I still got this sweater
man it's not done yet but wait there's
more so I'm a pro this sweater this
water is really nice look at this guy
nice outfit basically done man I'm
looking fresh it's super warm through my
right now at my house it's pretty hot
I'm lucky sweating
I didn't pop of Molly I can't face my
face I'm right here basically it's not
quite done yet man I got this so
basically all you want to pull these out
so you want to pull the jeans out or the
denim denim button-up and then you want
to roll it around though it's like every
building kalmyk every little bit counts
bro same thing on the other side boom
just a very casual look man for this
beautiful dinner party alright you know
I'm out eat some turkey about the eats
of marshmallows marshmallows wouldn't I
stay I don't tuck it in you know I want
to have this out kind of thing this I'm
walking around and my shoe gamers won't
be crazy to let's go big go to guys now
I'm in my mom's bathroom because my
brother is doing stuff in that bathroom
I'm not sure what he's doing but sound
playing well here's my house with you
I'm looking really fresh mom I'm staying
warm so I don't get sick - damn bro I'm
so cute oh my god but I'll give you a
quick run through man oh these joggers
fit so good I got this thing hanging out
so due to like damn that swag I look at
my big-ass feet man-sized well if you
want to send me some kicks the last part
is to not smell like shit on a school
day I would usually RUP this weak-ass
coming
shit right but since it is such a
special occasion I don't know it will
grip the secret weapon I got the
Burberry I'm about to smell hella cute
oh shit here we go man
goddamn I smell good
yo sup guys I'm at my uncle's house I
want to eat some freakin turkey and shit
and everyone has hella lights like well
actually look at this shit man I got
really good I love my brother man he's
wearing a hoodie with some joggers man
are you serious
so bootiful maybe haha with inside
nothing
anyone white I got oh you're reading
this your report come on cutting yes
thanks for me yo look at this house man
issues so decorated man it's starting to
look a lot like Christmas looking at oh
that's so beautiful
oh my god yeah but I just finished
dinner and I'm about to go home take a
poop last night I was in the mall and
get some stuff from Black Friday dude
but literally there was so much traffic
sighs I stay at home and go early in the
morning 6 o clock I'm about to go get
some clothes right now um you know I
gotta stay fresh I gotta stay fresh all
the time I'm just kidding I'm so tired
arm like I just woke up and my arm is so
sore like how I'm holding my boss I got
switch arms but yeah I should be funny
um I'm a little bit mall for a little
bit bring my camera and see how it goes
down it's going to burn you'd better I
was scared but yeah I'm not really good
mood today because last night was
amazing but uh because um so yeah I'm
about to hit the mall and so what does
that mine we'll see guys
president Amaro now in the car you die
like a zombie or when I woke up I was
like a zombie in the car I was busted
some egos dude and now I'm like awake
and look at my outfit dude I'm wearing
blue on blue bro like what am i doing I
don't know what I'm doing like this
gross you're looking at me I wear blue I
don't recommend it she walking to my
favorite store right now Urban
Outfitters man I'm about to get some
shit from there and now shout all the
pears bro I have the switch mauls does
the other mom was so weak roll away it
was so crowded they had lit like no
clothes at all so we basically switch
smalls I'm at this other mall I'm
resting waiting here for Urban
Outfitters so on my way over here it's
not a super far walk that's pretty empty
I'll see eighty girls right here if I
see a girl I'm supposed to pay for sure
oh my god the best store ever so guys I
just got done shopping and we just got
some breakfast from McDonald's started
pump I hear I'm more excited about this
as it's a new clothes why are you still
watching are you not bored understand
guys what the guys all so much for
watching for another video you I oppose
you got another one tomorrow because I
have some stuff to do tomorrow which I
want to record so that being said make
sure you'd like subscribe comment I do
reply to every single time in and you
guys so my mostly good nap and I'm gonna
show you guys how I'd be taking my naps
after long days of shopping man
you
