was good with it dough was poppin no
just kidding what's up guys it shouldn't
buy rice got back on the mic episode 2
of a date on life with rice come episode
1 was so success we've got like a
thousand views almost 300 likes in the
first day I swear like it was it between
4 hours it was like 12 hours you know
bring my camera and dirt like in school
and whip it out and not be shy and you
know maybe kids might look at me weird
but I don't care it's full of rice Cup
squad so I'm not like whipped out during
class I've recorded some funny footage
if there's a kid sleeping in class I'm a
smacking on back of the neck and you
guys are gonna see it to be hilarious
but yeah let's turn the happy music man
time to pick her outfit and I'm gonna
record like me brush my teeth or
anything because that was kind of boring
so I'm gonna pick up my outfit I'm gonna
go through it see how I'm doing already
guess what man's coat is look yoga ball
always good to do early exercise man
always good to do early exercise in the
morning in some cereal this was the last
time about the ate cereal of this season
because it's so cold in some cha-cha
rios you show me the soup i mean at the
milk is really cold so probably last
time I'm here Uriel this season
yeah I should I had some like I said
like a hot pan or Sun but um
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day oh yeah I literally about to
rock this pee man Jersey boy why do I
still have this bro hey you guys
remember this right what he used to be
on the Colts bro I think I have like a
Tom Brady to hold on to I have some
hello throwback drew thinks today we're
gonna go with the more a more like
trihard look like a guy that's trying to
pull some girls so I think we're gonna
rock these tan jeans a boom some Levi's
and I think we can get a little bit
serious and rock the jail that oh how
cool is it outside let me check my
thermometer
let's look at this on this King it
should so oh my gosh 42 degrees outside
all right let's see so we have to dress
accordingly so we're going to rock this
right here boom Oh actually I'm just
showing you my outfit yo what is up boys
um this is my outfit man I'm wearing
this like playing a shirt and then these
Levi's that fit really good eh I mean my
skinnies though I'm in my skinnies doe
I'm scaring you guys my your bracelet is
42 degrees outside
what why are you wearing like a plain
white t-shirt well it's not a plain
white t-shirt no it's from boom the
hundreds and then imma if I can see the
back but the back is pretty dope I'm not
sure cassia I'm walking down Placid and
girls check him out but you know better
yet like she can see the back of my
shirt and she's like oh my god yes
but better yet man I'm not quite done
yet you know it's so cold outside so I
didn't get like a jacket right so check
this out man Oh BAM I'm looking cutest
damn rice go when did you get so sexy oh
my god now I was gay but yeah I got this
leather jacket it's like a leather
jacket type thing
but then there's like sweater part I'm
not wearing two jackets like to set like
it's a one-piece I got those at Urban
Outfitters and it's basically a
one-piece and saves me a lot of time and
help people like rice dude damn baby
wear layers I like yeah man but actually
it's like actually one piece yeah like
it's like only one piece but better do
it like it makes it look so realistic
because look right here man see how
there's like a like that is thinking out
but oh no it's hard to explain but I'm
out here looking dope as fuck man
I can't looking fresh with like July for
this at me Oh what is up guys I'm asked
Lauren oh this is so weird but I I'll be
proud of this man if someone sees me
then so what but I'm in a psychic here
right now and I'm basically like a
student aid so I'm like my teacher's
helper and I'm bringing his lunch to the
to the refrigerator sure I thought I'm
still paranoid schiz if the teacher sees
me with the camera they're gonna cop
that shit so hopefully no one sees me
but I'm looking cute today huh let's say
if this bill hits 200 likes I'll take a
bite out of his lunch next video if he
ever asks me for a favor again so like
the straight you love it yeah they would
stomping and pop in the noodle pollen
and then like let's go off right as the
teacher you have the touch soften their
team and went into the well and I
probably Disney Legend for that could
make all your last fun
why are you recruiting the weirdest
knock on my home beating Chan little
bitter we're doing a group project right
now and we let the smarter person
through all the work about to come on
katrinka homie right quick
you'll see when you open it
yeah
in Marina
you know she could dance really good
like Republic dancing now this is so
stupid yo what is up guys your boy rice
cake a mister prankster man
yeah dude I've known around school for
my craziest pranks like these pranks are
next level brother was like ah this kid
is such a prankster he's so funny
we're going home right now I'm gonna get
something to eat and then I think I'm
gonna take a nap I'm freaking tired but
hopeful dude my arm is getting tired
like I'm not used to block like I want
to put it as high as possible so you
guys can see like hold on is the Sun in
the way or do I put down here but I want
to put as high as possible so you guys
can see it but my arm is her so let me
switch hands did I gotta start working
out that's crazy
when steps up right now guys I know what
Sam Club is it's like this store that
sells stuff I'm just walking around
right now basically I was supposed to
come home and just chillax have a good
time hold this higher or do I hold it
lower this is a come home and just
chillax but my mom was like Hill rice
man you got a freaking dentist
appointment so I'm just like what oh
look at these couches I hold on I'm
gonna sit right here man hey as a push
like oh yeah I need to buy some stuff so
you stop by my Sam's Club and I'm just
here chillin walking around this place
tells everything bro like they sell
freaking food you want so late look bro
oh wow a bed here I'm about to hop on
this bed bro
yo why are you still watching are you
not bored or something I'm skating with
you guys so much for watching dude I
really do appreciate it make sure you
guys drop that like earlier I said like
if you drop 200 likes I'll do something
and let's try to hit 300 lines if we had
300 likes I'll release the next video
right now it's pretty late and I'm about
to start my shoe look there's ru people
in my stream waiting for me to go live
got my ghost right here but I'm not to
go alive after this so make sure you
guys drop that follow on Twitter I guess
I was gonna say subscribe but that I
screwed up and I recovered from that but
make sure you subscribe make sure you
tweet at me comment I do reply to every
single comment like I did last video but
thank you so much for watching guys and
we'll see you next time and toodles a
Dios peace out what else did I say bye
toodles the body non-plan but peace out
guys thank you guys so much for watching
and we'll see you next time
