yo what is up guys my race co I woke up
eight minutes early so I can film this
intro and holy crap I am so tired I can
hardly open my eyes when I get ready for
school I usually keep this light off
just because like you know when it's
like darker it's easier to get no
productive or whatever but it is very
bad quality so I keep this light on oh
I'm about to do my hair with the brush
my teeth it's like that before I get
into this this is the first episode of a
DIN of life with rice gum I'll bring my
camera school should be awesome I'm
still in high school and I only have
like two hours of sleep I'm pretty tired
but who cares why am i complaining my
hair is all over the place yeah my hair
like actually way better than this just
like I just woke up shared my bed head
enough complaining let's play the
freaking happy music I'm happy and it
should be good guys so you guys enjoyed
it and yeah first of the day is that
pick an outfit I'm not really sure what
I'm going to wear yet cuz I usually I
mean I'm not like a girl that like Pixar
alpha before I have my socks on so I
sleep with socks on now like shit it's
so cold
my legs feel I've been freezing so I
slid my socks on but let's see we're
gonna wear it am I gonna wear some jeans
are so here's my I mean there's not much
to pick from but I mean there's like
hoodie shirts jean denim shirts got some
Urban Outfitters and paksa look at this
hey MA a Jersey what about the words the
school of wait I think I've been on one
of her jeans in it and look swag for the
ladies I think we're gonna Bubba say and
wear some joggers um these are my only
clean pair of joggers I gotta do some
laundry ASAP so there were some joggers
and then we're gonna I think if you like
a jogger slash hoodie day man
you know have swag and still look
comfortable I'm not sure what I'm gonna
wear that I might wear this sweater I'm
not sure I got a couple sweaters on my
bed but I'll be back at this to show you
guys my outfit I
the guys so I decided to go with this
man I'm just wearing this sweatshirt
instead I mean she's a really basic
sweatshirt nothing special I got while
fucking jogger pants looking really nice
these are from Asian em so no home look
the quest fit man I'm just playing this
basic but me love but yeah you know I'm
still having that swag go and I you know
I mean but it wears all over the place
on my show you guys how I do my hair
everyday takes like five it's I mean I
wish it took zero business
I'm like wait for school every day
you
I'm an I think I am done let's see a
band looking dull got my Joker's on
looking fresh the next step is to eat
some breakfast so my mom is whipping up
something in the kitchen right now
I'm not quite sure what let's go find
out
all right guys and about the minute I
might eat some breakfast my mom over
there hi mom look I should be me I like
a egg burrito
well Pam I'm no glass of milk
ha um wait while I whispering well right
now handling some business I don't stink
up the whole classroom writer but yeah
man the morning shit spending worships
but yeah I know why I'm feel myself or
not I will leave this part out I was
like know what it's a date of I have to
do every single thing I knew today's it
was so awkward to the point I mean I
held on top of this later cuz
electricity
I thought the drops that right quick you
know I'm not timeout mixtapes baby I am
missing one thing I'm missing the
Cologne you know you can't meet it can
be smelling bad racism on there and then
I'm missing my my
like I miss in my classes swag kids call
me for I at school today
you know I'm what about my camera I have
one camera I'll have a camera and with
in one hand I'm gonna be swinging on my
other hand so don't call me for eyes at
school today or you know I'll show you
the Floyd Mayweather you feel me I know
I'm like oh my god I'm crazy
what's up man on my way to school very
devastated uh-huh yeah but we're almost
here man look at this car do we go on
like 80 miles per hour right now
boom boom in my mom's car yeah idiot
miles we're gonna home I got it
you got a bike ooh I gots not riding
bikes to school
I left one honked at me but I walk it to
score that is so awkward if someone sees
me with the fucking camera dude honestly
so PPO people are looking at me man
we're looking walking to school right
now it's cold as shit outside man my
nuts are freezing
but do if someone like I were telling
about my phone right now okay yeah but
we're just walking to school right now
the bells with the ring on the latest
fudge it's like I had to commentate my
day dude like everything I did it all
that yeah I'll brush my teeth and I took
like an extra ten minutes so that's why
I'm super late do people are looking at
her though
nose up guys I just got dropped off on
my bus this is a really boring video huh
I mean I'm surprised you guys are still
watching basically my meme like my days
super uninteresting like a high school
student it's similar to your day
probably if you're a high school student
I wake up early go to school come home
from school take a nap etc and then I
stream but yeah I mean I tried to whip
up my camera during school record some
stuff like I have first first period PE
ever plays a flag football I had some
Juke sushi like that I'm almost at my
house I only give away my address
because you guys were to show at my
house like oh my god and I stayed
outside with like flowers and like
cameras paparazzi and shit just kidding
but I love everybody I am finally home
from school and the first thing I do is
go in the room psych we're going into my
setup dude here is my setup this is like
the game room kind of thing but I kind
of made it my own room because no one
actually comes in here and like you know
during this time where I was on the
grind so I got a mattress in here I'm a
hair struggling but I don't really have
like a headboard or whatever 100 likes
is a setup for so I'll be like here's my
computer holy guys look at this shit
right
I'm just king I made those sounds that
look let's say if this video gets a
hundred lights I'll give you guys a
setup of the route of my setup a setup
of like my computer so like that if it
hits 200 likes
are you a whole room house MTV Cribs
setup type thingy wow you guys are still
watching what are you doing this like
the most boring is video ever asked you
guys but the guys so much for watching
dude I preach the sport please drop a
comment and tell me if I should make it
on tomorrow or tell me if you guys liked
it if you guys were bored etc etc or no
which parts of the video where you
laughed at let's say I just came home
from school like and I have no
responsibilities no homework or anything
this is basically what I would do so
yeah thank you for watching and drop
that like and we'll see you next time
