yeah what up its your boy rice my
slipper gum you call me Brian as my real
name you know Kyle you guys are you know
my subscribers um I'm 15 I live in Vegas
I like to play Cod I've been playing for
two years
if you're here for tips and a good game
play I can't provide that but if you're
here just to have fun I'm really funny I
think I like to troll people some
background me so I'm not here to comment
on this Oasis gameplay I do go sixteen
fifteen by the way which is impressive
to me it's impressive because I'm a
terrible player I am using the scar
SELCO streaks yeah I told you again I'm
not talking about the gameplay
well do you want to talk about is uh my
life story and I'm gonna do a lot of
these because these are funny and I know
a lot of youtubers do this and they get
really good responses on them so my
wife's story was when I was eight and my
brother was twelve and we had a job a
one day job to get paid $20 for you know
three hours and now back then we're like
boom oh good porting through rooms then
my voice was correct
um yeah so $20 in three hours you know
it's okay it's not good but I and our
job was to babysit these two kids will
not further like things so if this is
piece of cake especially if me my boy
can do it together you know I take one
he takes one kid but these kids weren't
your
you know kids because were crazy that
plenty of energy these guys just ran
around so the kids ages were three and
and four and so it was the day of the
babysitting and uh our parents had to go
somewhere and their parents of the three
kids I'm am of the two kids dropped them
off and once again one of them is three
years old the other one is four so the
one that's three is name is Timothy and
the one that's for his name is Freddie
well that's not the real name but if you
think about it f-for Freddie Hina for
and t Timothy three so you can think of
it easier so Timothy's a younger one so
they drop it they drop the month at
around five Anthropy to me not just keep
a look on them so as soon as the parents
left they automatically just go beast
mode you know this is run around jump on
couches and the effort out like this is
cool you know but then my brother goes
upstairs and just stays in this room
and he locked that shit so basically I
had two wild kids and I'm the young one
I'm only eight right now so think about
my maturity you know so I was probably
jumping around with them I don't
remember but so times past and you know
I'm just playing with these kids playing
with their toys you know they had pretty
cool toys I'm not gonna lie
so it was about seven now and their
parents said they were gonna come back
and and pick him up at like at ten so it
was seven and then so I fed them I
microwaved some food I forgot what I
microwaved shit I left so I microwave
some food they started eating you know
I'm eating so I got done a pretty quick
I'm a pretty fast eater and I run
straight upstairs and I told them before
I wrap so I was like I guys when you
guys are done eating a pretty addition
to you for your napkins I'll wipe the
table dad no I'm saying
and then why you know so then I go
upstairs and that uh I want my Gamecube
no playing you know a Nintendo game
Prime Mario or some shit that you know
Mexican plumber um
and I'm playing that shit and the four
year old Freddie Wong's upstairs and I'm
like yo where's it robot and he said um
his brothers in the bathroom shot my oh
I bet so I'm playing he's just watching
me play some Mario and an hour past you
can I felt like 20 minutes could you're
playing video games an hour past and his
brother still isn't um still isn't
upstairs with us so I'm like yo where's
your brother at he's like I'm not sure
man so I'll let Ivan you know it's just
it's kind of fishy so I walk downstairs
I checked my bathroom you know the light
was still on and the toilet wasn't flush
and there was yellow piss in there so I
was like oh so dis kid you know wasting
energy and influence to its own stake so
i basically flush the toilet and time
for life but that's not important
that portion part is I can't find the
little kid you know well um Timothy I
couldn't find him I was I was like yo
where's this guy yet so you know
basically I'm just wandering around
looking at first I wasn't panicking but
then I saw the clock and the clock was 9
o clock so I was like oh shit their
parents are you know they could be here
anytime soon they said around 10:00 and
I could be earlier could be later I
really don't know so I'm looking for um
you know I'm
his name get up and down and up and I'm
just looking for him so and then I'm
like no I couldn't fight about stairs so
I walked right back up there try look
for some more and I couldn't find them
at all and I was no panicking this time
and I pretty much look for like you know
20 or 30 minutes so now you know it's
9:30 almost 10:00 and I'm still looking
for this guy
so then I asked his brother you know to
know go find him and like um I would
basically like there would be closets
and they were pretty smart and every
drawers and I would tell no the little
brother um Freddie today know jump in
there and just look in there you know
and he couldn't find him
I couldn't find him I was panicking so
then um it was head o'clock I still
couldn't find the clip of the fucking
door rang ding ding ding I'm like oh
shit where's this little kid at know I'm
panicking I'm like yo where is this kid
at like I saw him you know about three
hours ago when hasn't explained hungry
or thirsty could you know know starve to
death or some shit he could be dead
right now he know it clear and outside I
don't know so my heart's beating fast as
hell so then the parents showed up at
the door I'm like hey let's go up and
what's up I mean not what's got alright
hey what's up and then they way
hey where's our kid so I was like oh
they're upstairs playing hold on I'll
call up so first um fuckin I can't frame
their name cuz it's not the real Nate
right so Freddie walks down the older
one he's like hey mom you know he's a
walking now giving them
that will do I want an alibi my thing is
to the bathroom I go upstairs and
double-check you know so I go upstairs
and I'm looking around and it's like my
last resort
I still don't find him until this day we
still can't find this little kid Timothy
now I'm playing boules a good found him
but just to make the story more
interesting I just walked upstairs and I
couldn't find them and then I came back
downstairs empty-handed
it's like fucking going in class now
homework and there's a teacher right hey
return your homework and then they
fucking ass he was going where you know
is that it's that kind of feeling well
yeah so I'm walking outside my hold on
think you gonna throw up I go in the
garage and and I see this kid you know
in the car
Timothy was in the car the whole time he
was snoozing I'm like dude are you
kidding he was looking for you I look
pretty much ever but the garage you know
I sure looked at that first but I picked
him up he was sleeping while yeah he's
in the garage I found him I brought back
his pair do pills paid me 20 and gave me
a 20 to get to my brother
I should've kept it but I did give it to
him you know cuz I'm such a great
brother
you kill me so yeah that's basically my
life story of my first time babysitting
it was a panic attack and I never
benefited ever again you know
right now fuck that noise filming so I
hope you like it I'm pretty much good I
do a life story at least once every week
if not once every two weeks and um teas
are really fun for me because you guys
can you know find out some more about
what personality but I'm gonna try to
post one life story that week and three
troll videos a week so yeah I do troll I
have really good content on my computer
right now that I am editing all by
myself I do everything I added I record
I fucking clear the game I don't have
anyone to do it and do anything for me I
would clear my own voice with my frickin
ipod I'm freakin ghetto so yeah I hope
you enjoyed this video please subscribe
and like it it would really help me I
have like hardly any subscribers so yeah
and just tell your friends about knees
