there we go or clearing out the blind
fools next one next one yo what is up
guys I'm back for another view I know I
didn't post yesterday people actually
got mad at me I literally posted 10 days
in a row and I took one day off people
still got mad at me so I'm do ramli
tweeted me Hinda you are so lazy I
waited so long so you can make more
videos now you're gonna stop like a
bitch it's just one day break I was
gonna take a vacation but I saw that
tweet I got a bounce right back but
today I don't really know what to do so
let's just see what my roommates are
doing I spent 7 grand on a Louboutin
supreme hoodie the biggest size it
doesn't fit
it doesn't fit at all how wack is this
bro
it's nice if this shaded bright bro yeah
it's crazy but it doesn't fit it's too
much power in just one Bob do you want
it do you think I'll fit me I think
it'll fit you yeah I mean nobody already
blind oh so it's Jews so yeah but I'll
give you discount how much Romeo cries
uncle grand like 6k all right I'll be
right back
listen tips wax way to 6,000 homes in a
tight spot okay
that sweater doesn't fit him he's not
gonna be able to sell it we both know
he's not gonna tell you need to get
creative with this you're not paying six
tries for that pull out maybe four racks
and give up some art bro some odd for a
little squirt that's a stable score get
my pot tag or some shit putz Gundy
accent yeah I got an offer for rat laid
out some art and a pop take a nap on tag
boom pop tag go do it right now do it
this better be a 10-second pop cake
okay let me see yes so it's just art you
throw me it should make up for the other
mm this low slow squirt yeah he's
calling me an 8 no what is this
little bro what the yeah little squirt
your was this I don't know how you found
her address but I think I should stop
saying this yeah he's just a human you
feel good no seriously it's either the
fan art stays in a random room and no
one sees it or we incorporate into the
video hello boss
come on dabble Klaus will sign you real
quick load you up start selling your art
the shoes why fire this is how you tell
if they're twins there's this new
technology in 2012
right now she's basically standing in
her face right now the technology is
gonna face and only she can unlock your
phone no one else okay all right so she
just unlocked the fuck here we go no
maybe like people really love twins like
YouTube like Wayans really do get the
most views that's why
Oh first it was Marty next winter who is
this
come on bro it's not what it looks like
this isn't even a rock-paper-scissors
thinking throwing it well how it looks
like brother just twins I mean you know
we need to do a twin off there's only
one pair twins in this house straight
the twin violence man no one else win
violence please r5 - enough
all right this is your first annual
2012's went off you know I mean I make
the rules
all right the first challenge all right
this is really important I need to know
who is better at standing at the back of
my vlog know what is up guys good
morning welcome to another vlog I really
just need to know who can be good
complimentary part in my vlog in the
back yo what's up guys welcome to
another vlog you know I'm saying I hope
everyone's having a good day I'm posted
every single day and day all right guys
the Cory told my calculation I believe
the girls take the first round all right
so now time for the second challenge
we're gonna be doing the Miss a raise
your head raise your left hand raise
your fat whatever and they need to act
as if they're in sync mirror and if they
mess up I'm gonna catch it
you're gonna have to talk this one
through we're gonna have to talk all
right I'm giving that round by the way
it's tied out right all the Marvel who
is the better kisser ah there we go
or put it on the blindfold so she has no
idea so you know it's their first
contestant here we go
who's the better kisser okay okay okay
next one next one
all right my arms okay okay okay last
one last one
all right and let us know right now that
this is who wins it all who takes all
the marbles with one in three were all
right but two and four probably
my finger was broken in half like this
he said yeah yeah that ain't no CGI
that's in my finger all the way down
there's a few other come on man
