hello everybody how are you guys doing
I'm back for another video I missed you
guys today we're gonna be talking about
something that basically everyone is
talking about men sometimes there's that
one story or video or something that
just goes so far over you know a few
days and a half that just I saw but I
guess we have no idea what I'm talking
about so let's just watch the video
first and then I'll start talking
chatter curiosity why do they boy what
what's the point of one who's not
joining naked there's two people finding
a way to make men do not okay
what did I say to you goes hey call me
ugly they say I have no bridge what they
do tell you at lunch put milk on me hand
up my clothes do nothing don't okay
people that are different don't need to
be criticized about it this is so sad
like him sad makes me sad and I know you
wrote a comment race girl why do they
talk about this you're a bully in the
first place you get ever Mincy with this
hurt on top of that I'm a cyber bully no
wife bullies cyber bully two different
things real-life bullying especially in
school I feel like sometimes it's
physical and you just be feeling unsafe
and you just caustic go back to school
because I mean you have to and the
bullets gonna be always there so yeah
like nowhere to run but cyber bullying
no I can name like three ways to deal
with those guys and see the gentleman is
over here is going on Twitter and then
randomly he gets a really really mean
common I call this method the keep
scrolling method you know just keeps
going and act like nothing happens on
the internet and randomly he gets a mean
mean message well I like to call this
method walk away from the computer cuz
you just walk away from the computer
ha-har I this one is by my favorite one
let's say you're on the internet and
someone is bullying you why are they
doing that it's all good just close your
eyes and it all goes away anyways
regardless I feel bad for the kid I'm
like I said this situation was very
viral whatever was tough but a lot of
people felt bad for the kids but there
was also people that was like
researching the situation and apparently
the kids mom I must stop calling that
kid his name is key and this kid has a
name kid Ian's mom is apparently racist
like they serves up her old post and
there's like some races message
there's pictures of her with Confederate
flags and after that information went
public a lot of people started to assume
that Qian was also racist like for some
reason lobbyists are saying that he was
gay picked on and why he was crying in
that village because he was calling
other kids the n-word with the hard are
like anti jeje er what a fuckin nigger
and that's the reason why I kids were
bullying him and that's the reason why
he was crying so much if for some reason
I started seeing all these people on
Twitter he's basically supporting this
little made-up theory and I said made up
because I don't know where the proof is
I don't know where this information is
coming from and why people are so quick
to believe it but is even a reliable
source so a situation just turn around
so quick because I don't know if I
should support Keaton and maybe roast
all of his bullies or is he racist I
don't know one thing I do know though is
I do not like his mom not because she's
racist and said like this thing about
black lives matter that threw me off I'm
not you're an exposure I just think it's
a very scumbag move here to set up a
donation page for free money because
everyone feels bad for her son everyone
cry feels bad and just wants to help on
her side but the money is going to her
and she's probably saving all the money
on top of that what is the donation page
for like I understand if someone house
burns down they need money to build up a
house or if someone is sick and need
medical bills or you know surgery they
need money for that but what is this
money basically for I'm trying to figure
the only thing that money could be used
for is to buy them like Gucci and
supreme clothes so he doesn't get
bullied but besides from that what is
this money for we're going to those
people sending that money I mean that's
their money I'll let them decide what to
do with their own money if dad do it
raise like $50,000
wait they made $50,000 yeah no fifty
thousand like pesos or like yen's or a
US dollars yeah
fifty thousand dollars like not the peso
what oh my god oh oh
fifty thousand fifty thousand dollars I
don't know how but wait a minute didn't
bullied in people getting bullied the
fact that he still has the
sympathy and compassion for other people
hey Caitlin it's Celina I saw your video
oh my god
why why do they do it why are they
bullied
why do they do it wasn't the bully say
to you I need to know rice what did the
kid say to you boy eulogy look like a
burn sweet potato when you were 13 you
probably had about two friends fry Scott
he's gonna live in space look like a
tornado you need to check out your life
get a life it's just a look what so
crocodile look at hair boy anyways guys
my donation page down there I support
bullying say no to bullying I'll make
sure you send me money below I'll sue
this videos base for comedy purposes all
seriousness though whatever he and his
racist or not I don't even really be
knowing but what he felt in that video
you know I mean like you could tell he
was really really hurt and he was really
loved and no one should ever feel that
way anyways if you guys miss a damn
thing guys all so much I'm gonna try to
post tomorrow and guys it's getting hard
like seven eight days now it's get a
little hard I'm getting tired I haven't
been sleeping much but in order for you
guys to make it easier on me make sure
you drop a like comment or paste in just
any input or what videos I should make
for tomorrow on top of that subscribe
here and you if you're not subscribed to
the family what are you doing regardless
thank you for all the love and support
she and I hope you feel better and
