j-jake pause send you over here to spy
on us yo what is those guys that's seven
days in a row I'm back okay you remember
that video where there's like a
cliffhanger tried this is the contract
no cloud a man Chris you guys heard
about it
well the Martina students are pulling up
again today to just handle some more
business let's go yo so my boy Alex
pulled up so basically he's putting this
onto his stomach I guess it like
measures the sweat if you lie or
something right yeah so if you like this
what does a heart rate monitor fingertip
moister so what is this plumbing thing
dude
then just measure your breathing okay
and this is proven to work she says that
errors like one or two times but it's
pretty accurate so last video it was
like a cliffhanger this is the next part
after the contrary we gotta hit the lie
detector to see if they're jelly a nice
person but when it starts is down to get
serious today okay all right so busy
house gonna work I'm gonna ask them all
the questions them ask him the questions
they were to get the results at the end
all right guys we're about to start all
this joking around and done is time here
baby it's time to get serious
first question there's like a like five
we're going with him first he's gonna
get hooked up right after let's get it
do you think Alyssa is hot yes and see
the technology is doing his work is
checking his heart rate and pulse and
shit you feel me do you think you are
better-looking than your brother
no being honest one let's see who do you
think has a better house chain ten or
cloud gang have you ever worn the same
underwear two days in a row
dan Jake Pau send you over here to spy
on us if you join cloud game would you
ever betray us no last question would
you leave your brother if we only want
you in club day
just that oil - what is he like
all right now we're hooking him up right
yeah like I said the results will get
the end so I hope she's lying to the
truth you better bee-lieve dog all right
all right but let's see if his brother
can not do the same thing all right
round two
we got him hooked up first question do
you think Alyssa violet is hot yes sorry
next question do you think you are
better looking to your brother yes oh
that's messed up that's low who has a
better house chief tenant or clout house
have you ever won the same underwear for
two days in a row all right the question
I've been waiting for
did Jay Paul send you over here to spy
on us no he hesitated a little bit wait
which him you joined our game will you
ever betray them are you sure
type it up whose palms look a little
sweaty let's see how well you are though
would you leave your brother if we only
wanted you in cloud has detected
irregularities what does that mean it
means there's something wrong would you
like to know oh my god the result I got
is either father okay don't know
everybody look straight in the camera
and I'll tell you I tell you look all
right tell me what's up bro okay very
nice you said Oh first question do you
think Alyssa is hot you said it you said
yes I remember
and the machine says truth okay okay
okay so he's got a wider better not yes
are you better-looking than your brother
you said no I said no maybe science says
that's the truth
Wow Wow but that Jay Paul question
though who has a better house team 10 or
cloud game and I said yeah you say cloud
game and that's the truth have you ever
worn underwear two days in a row you
said yes I said yes it's the truth my
friend yeah the day Paul thank you over
to spy on us
I said no he said no what's that say
okay okay okay Wow if you joined cloud
gang would you ever betray them I said
no you said no results say truth well
you boil that's Bing okay last one would
you leave your brother if talking only
wanted you know
that's the truth okay okay loyal
he said Alyssa was hot it was true you
also said yes to the question were you
lie
she was telling the truth
the question was oh sorry you have a
better-looking twin he said you are and
he was telling the truth and you said
you also are the metallurgic twin I was
telling the truth that's messed up cold
he said that Klaus is better he was
telling the truth so are you okay okay
damn bro they both do I've done this
test about like on ten different people
different yours nobody's ever made it
through without lying at least one the
second person to do that actually you
said yes you were telling the truth oh
my god
he said he would never betray us he was
telling the truth on the thing you said
that you liked
I swear look at it where it says if you
joined pal game you would come one day
if you join well would you ever betray
us as you said no and it said live out
of the machine is accurate I don't know
next question would you leave your
brother he send you where I leave you
you know some loyalty you also said you
went leave have your child the true but
that last question but yeah guys it's
gonna wrap it up the contracts were
there and now I just want to see if
they're really about it and they seem
like they're about it I don't know about
this one
we're gonna have to just try them out
for a little bit if you guys enjoyed the
video drop a thumbs up they also drop
their videos to check it out just really
get more than three dozen ways Hotel
good tomorrow
