my boy my boy it was good we know I'm
thinking brother we did slackers yeah we
haven't been posting as much as we
should guys so there's just me and banks
going as well I'm an acid by other
people
oh hi what are you doing I'm Kevin sit
right now can't you see okay I see I
said you would work on vlog with us guys
what is going on in here is over you
need to clean your room I don't want to
sound with your mom but I feel fat all
right guys so basically what happened
was we were all in the car and we're
just too heavy that you couldn't back up
and it just kept going kept going we hop
out and we just see this
wait we forgot a suburb
already halfway there I'm not trying to
hurt bad
we stepped into the ball for to
second-guess where we go first no so bad
the security is tough to man they said
not to Phil's always acted like I'm not
filming but actually I might cop this oh
no with the security what I'm recording
I'm not to find this if I get kicked out
my get kicked out
I'm blocking it's every day we can guys
report it anyway that's I do a budget
but it doesn't Ponzi can I just put the
cap on my camera and just that's my way
you guys just can't record it at all we
got to the March what the vlogger then
they start giving me a hard time I'm
like whatever
yeah I'm not sure enough flesh you guys
don't think that it's just like I just
need there's a new iPhone out it's the
iPhone I don't want to buy it I have
this cash on me
yeah guys are off today so we're just
out of here looking at some clothes
maybe you know that drip like just wear
this instead like I think these look
good
yeah first try Oh
all right bakers kindly try to fight
underwear bro this is a real thing yeah
I look goodness I think so bro died I'm
confused what is this Oh Dylan it's
Dylan do you know where you can find
these these ones are they over here
y'all need some help
is it employees all the others
all right God you just got back from the
mall look at this new Hoodie a gun this
is obviously a very famous piece of art
Mona Lisa by Leonardo DiCaprio he's such
a great artist hi guys today I didn't
really have like a funny video idea so I
just kind of had like a daily vlog of my
life so I guess we'll just keep it going
he's so lucky I feel like I were all
paying attention to that it was Don's
over here like where we are going to an
office supply store
it's a Saturday night that sounds kind
of boring yeah that's what you do when
you're an adult
okay rice all right man I'm currently at
this like supply store I feel like I'm
going back to school but I'm not unless
I should tell her making some type of
like school project or saw they out no
I'm just here to vlogger I did not do
this I'll know who did this I feel like
a smurf came through and just everywhere
she accidentally spelt some Smurf jizz
on her head no put them back put up back
bro I'm not kidding
okay okay okay okay okay
should L know what alright guys I found
this random eraser imma show you guys
how to make someone's day and no this is
not corny so relax you guys are let me
calculate that she really quick okay you
guys turned me on hey guys turn me on
well I am paying so just grab whatever I
guess alright Mary went to the store to
pick up the supplies that make these
little boards apparently they told me to
write on the board what I want to
achieve next year this first thing is
dating me hello I'm out man
I don't make a stripper I get a
girlfriend I'm gonna cross that out what
do you want to achieve strip I can see
that personal you know mood boards so
just mind your own business
I'll mind my own business so she's
really off to a good start man cub 73%
vegan get a summary booty I thought you
already had one yeah but I think I need
to I want to go back to lumen joke's on
you because it's a smiley face are you
seriously do this to my mood board that
I work so that's a serious goal of money
damn bro you suck
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute all right I think we're done with
Jeff Telles video we've just made our
mood board I'm gonna go hang this up
because these are goals that I need to
achieve I want to meet who's on my shirt
that's the Mona Lisa throw an inch maybe
that will happen get a girlfriend named
Chantal maybe that will happen I've been
maybe not be single anymore and no I
didn't I fell your turn go ahead
stripper okay cool Michael's ignore the
wine because I don't know how that got
there that's weird I wanted to be
chipper because I was like me you know
I'm better than the Victoria Secret
model that's been a dream of mine flip
all right become vegan like 70% because
like the other like 83 is like way too
much it's summer Rae booties summer can
we borrow your booty for vlog yes you
said yeah you guys can't hear it cuz
it's like Audion shit yeah guys I posted
five days in a row and today was one of
those days where I was just really tired
and didn't know what to do but yeah
again that quick line up man that fool
nice with the Clippers
coming down
