oh my god tell me no one is up guys how
are you guys doing this is four days in
a row what am i doing I do a YouTube now
holy crap but the day I was thinking
like up on a four day street I don't
really know how about out of ideas I'm
out of good ideas but League it's okay
cuz I was like you know what imma pull
up my iphone to know are you ready are
you ready
alright I need your help done because I
really don't know what to do so like do
you have any ideas for today's video
no because I'm not really trying to like
cause of you know beefing ruckus ie
birth escape every hurdle for that
you've heard of the game how do these
people don't know the game they look for
knives like it's a game it's popular and
I feel like if we play it right now
together actually what if we do this how
about I know I told you that we're
coming over to eat some food and stuff
but I was like how about every time I
get a kill in this game you like take
off a piece of clothing I'll give you a
punch egg right there like I gave you a
shout out like boom and then I'm really
not good at the game like you know I
mean like no because like if I get two
kills like you just take it off like two
shoes like it's a hard game I'm not
gonna trust me but guys tell her tell
her mattress okay no she's down I need
your consent beside right here in the
dialogue alright we are about to be good
are you ready all right you can't back
out halfway so you know me pitted pinky
profits look if seal the deal aren't
look do you know what's going on right
now no I'm in a pre game Lobby so
imagine like a hundred soldiers right a
hundred soldiers is landing in one
playground and we're gonna ballot out to
the dead
I mean I'm really not good I guess we're
gonna find out guys tell her I'm not
good you have nothing to be worried
about here we go here we go about the
start boys we're about to start
have you ever stayed I've ever we're
about to do it right now look look look
we let's go all right look I just landed
it's about to begin
you got I look I think there's a look at
that shotgun boom all right this is
about to save my life do you know why
why because these people are going to
try to kill me oh my god look look look
guys guys I don't have audio why don't I
have audio you shootin at me oh my god
guys tell her what that means guys tell
her what that means okay
I can't live without me
oh god oh god oh my god
I'm doing the dance while I kill him
alright guys do you know what that means
I mean I don't wanna you know I mean I
got another kill
holy guys I'm about to die I need to
heal the right now yeah I got a question
what's your question if you were to
punch yourself and I heard it are you
strong or weak strong but you're feeling
a pain so you're weak I think I see my
guys other guys know but I've been
chopping up some and you know there's
only 27 people left I can't find anyone
there is two I have two kills I'm kind
of freaking out
I'll try to get her naked right now guys
you don't get me naked I'm gonna take
your change
what who makes these rules
I mean do you know how much it is change
it's at least four dollars that's how
much it is uh hello
I see a guy yo guys I actually saw
comments about me
rice gun is hiring people to play for
her people say that I'm not playing I'm
getting someone else to play like what
what does that mean
I got another kill with three kills it
up every yeah because there's really
three people that I need that turn up
right now guys I can't take it out guys
I need to turn up yo so I was actually
on your Instagram and I saw you head
like this where you're like but like
would you ever like fight another
youtuber cos like that's like the cool
thing to do you might be deaf well will
I see you guys see I'm doing you need to
take up with our clothing but basically
while you're doing that I just want to
let you know there's this girl that I
really do not like right is a youtuber
she basically lied about me hitting her
and that's our serious stealing you know
I mean she just got away with it you
know I mean I made a dish dragon that is
solve my problems and I can't fight
girls you know I mean could you
potentially handle my business for me
what you really are asking for money
like how much like two dollars two
dollars I'm going up to the sky and not
only am I going up in this here but in
this world in this life I'm going up to
the top did you see what I just did that
I basically just did a trampoline and
now I'm just talking death traps you
talking that trash to get the fuck back
all right
now take that comment back about does it
take that I like it hasn't been that
long it's been about 15 minutes yeah I
feel like we've been friends for a while
now
but like I just think like be like I
think that we should take it to the next
step
I'm loaded boy I got the gold star baby
baby I'm Yola ID'd these kills the games
all was over I only have six kills last
year had 40 kills question Tianna in
your Instagram videos right where you're
working on the stuff or you just went
out like one and leaving the gym when I
feel like all these records are just
filming them work out for one second and
then chopping it up and then I'm out of
here like activist you will not hear
while deal it up with squat off right
now dude I'm so bored
yuria okay
be patient and the skin that's not a
part of my video that's against the
rules
Joe that's against the rules yeah hold
on okay you know I just gotta kill I
wish I could look a little right now but
we gotta turn up you what I hate you
good idea top there's only four people
left guys last kid okay don't eat all my
how come you didn't ask me first like
can i grab how come how come you can't
like just ask nicely first like genetic
it like gonna have one bite like I mean
like you can't just take stuff that's
not yours
I mean oh my god oh my god okay guys I
don't care take it I'll put it
everyone's gonna laugh at me all you
guys are gonna ah not only do I let
myself down
oh god this is not happy so who is this
guy yo you kind of like I know you're in
the instagrams no thoughts no nothing
left I think the tops coming up next
let's go wait so you say so about a
friend I thought I got a way do you
think you can give her my number just so
I gonna bring her up then so let's rate
like so what's her name to even begin
with him yeah okay I know I never that a
she's like she's one of my good friends
like I know something like she lives
this house
I know she's your friend but you guys
don't talk about being stuck and I need
to get a kill
this is for the squad guys this kill she
has no accessories on that should do it
ah all right look
I'm healing up you said okay look I know
summer summer Rae are we talking about
like the same summer big booties
Instagram model I know her all right
I'm going back into ashes okay okay well
how about missing all my shots dawg
massage me look at you what I looked at
you once alright so don't even assume
don't even be a soothing you know I
guess I'll go back y'all go back down
here guys I need to relax
they've sauce at one time I'm healing up
so I I don't need to pay attention to
the game I'm healing up right now I can
shoot him later I just I feel like I
might never get I might never get this
opportunity again I'm getting nervous a
little bit
oh boy alright guys I think we need like
three four tails
the shirts coming off the pants coming
off raw everything I'm dinner naked
let's get it boy oh my god yo
you always get me killed
you're almost to be killed you always
get me killed
you almost get me killed you almost get
me killed this buddies build I'm a
builder take off the top I got a kill no
I got a kick
ok look last video of the girl did it
get an egg in this video I was kinda
hoping she would and you're not negative
is there a way we can just I won the
game
I mean way so the decisions on see I got
you guys
