thank you guys in person man oh my god
it's five days in a row I'm back I just
will go I'm kind of tired I'm always
thinking done why do I always film in
the most randomest smiling I'm just
proving it for my bed the backdrop isn't
even cool I mean I have a whole house of
bad jobs hold on I'm not sure if you
guys know this but exactly two years
from today's date I uploaded the video
that changed my life the first ever by
Rivera I've ever had these kids must be
stuck can't believe it was two years ago
I felt like yesterday today is the two
year anniversary let's take a look back
heard it this fucker just said I'll be
drunk texting you it's for 13 I'd even
text at the age of 13 what did she just
say that she's about to play with her
pussy hey guys if you didn't support any
since back then I just want to say thank
you so much this video was just so
important to me because musically was
such a toxic app and I had such an
impact on the stuff
what are you doing I'm just watching my
loose what exactly are you doing right
now I'm I did not know you had this Pat
do you know how I feel about music Li's
I know I was actually introduced to me
I just don't feel good I wasn't
expecting packages on that camera
what no watching this was right hold up
wait what the hell dude you guys are
really twins yeah we know come inside
I'm gonna show you guys the house you
feel me yeah I look you know and we got
the spare change right here you know I
mean yeah y'all could just crash in here
I'll close the door and lock it you guys
you have all the privacy but this is all
your guys's for right now yeah thank you
so much yeah
all right you know those twins are
sleeping right now because they just
flew in from wherever they were from and
I guess it was a long flight they're
tired I have a prank for the little
prick of a surprise
yeah yo these kids won't see what is
about to be habitable - prego who your
dad we in the kitchen man I'm whipping
up scrambles right now man you know the
drill
you know I really should be a chef you
dig yeah yeah there you have filled me
after that long flight but they have to
be dehydrated you don't say
so I believe they're sleeping right now
you guys can see over there
I'm not cranky guys look guys look I
made you guys eggs and some water you
showed me I made you guys some breakfast
you know upset yes I'm not afraid you
guys there relax okay thank you eggs and
water you know you know I wanted to show
you guys the room that was talking guys
about oh yeah
all right yo bro check this out you can
open it I want okay surprise guys look
do we have a gym - like you do anything
you need there's a real ya know healing
is not no small elevator yeah
wait wait yeah Manson here's the 4th
floor you know so cool and we should
take a quick flick right here you guys
it's not what it looks like I'm just you
know hanging out with no no no no we
need to settle this right now
you need the chill because it's not what
a little rock decreases you right now
what but what does that hey Rock Paper
Scissors right now
I guess they called you out now though
why there be spirit like there's the
violence is not the key twin on twin
drama is not good but yeah you know yeah
and thanks for coming through LA no I'm
serious no but serious though it's time
to get serious this is the contract you
know clout game and pretty sure guys
heard about it no sir Oh
yes today's a special day
so you say this every time I walk into
so she has a dog and she just got a new
dog and they're about to meet for the
first time we go oh shit I think I'm
base is home y'all bags
what dude that's cool Texas's brother
alyssa needs to see this thing yeah so
free come on
yeah what is this all about we are
taking flexing to a whole new level this
is crazy
oh yeah did you just have surgery right
Joel you need the chill okay it didn't
catch it but yeah that's crazy slow :
but I'm glad you're out of five because
you had a 14% chance of dying grab the
dog damn do we do really have four dogs
in this house but five including two
I'll cut that out
they do Paris's chill we're doing
something for a change
no so for some reason Spotify said this
to me why you I don't know that's what
we're trying to figure out it is kind of
dope it is a phone it's like a phone
dude what the hell so you like actually
the way dude do you even have a Spotify
membership no why do they just send you
that Randall do I have views on Spotify
I don't get it
you sure you sure this is you bro it's a
lot of money though not only is it a
phone case but that's at least what like
when I plug times I don't know because
one in 50 bucks maybe not thank you bro
I'm gonna put this to good use here's
your like to fit other phones it's just
like that God Church music video right
here why are they encountering each
other just did a hundred mil
