hello everybody as you can see I just
posted four days in a row a lot of
people doubted me but I did it a lot of
you guys watch on this video coming I
made a rat last year this year and did
not make the YouTube rewind again
I'm not mad YouTube out of this confused
last year I did 5 million subs in one
year and I did not make the YouTube
rewind obviously I wasn't happy and I
really do feel like I handled the
situation wrong I basically made a full
video just crying and basically call on
everyone in the video irrelevant and
like that's the wrong way to handle it
but like guys know this year is a new
year and youtubers always come and go
well I didn't go anywhere I'm still on
top I'm still popping and I'm still not
on YouTube rewind I don't know if
there's like a requirement that I'm not
reaching or if I'm doing something wrong
like what more do I have to do and the
thing is that what exactly is YouTube
rewind the only definition I could find
was on their Channel and it basically
says celebrating the videos people music
and memes that made 2017 so basically
they want to highlight the creators that
made the most memories and numbers in
2017 along with all the memes and the
things that happen you know I mean that
makes sense 2017 I guess I wasn't doing
enough now I know and I guess I just
gonna work harder for next year the
thing is the YouTube read what has been
out for a couple days now I haven't
watched it yet because like why would I
watch something that I'm not in and I'm
not even a part of and you know I was
just kind of saltine I mean so I didn't
even watch it but I think it would be a
good idea to get my first ever reaction
you know on camera for the video so this
is my first ever reaction to 2008 teens
YouTube rewind
welcome back to YouTube rewind we've got
two special guests with us
okay Leila and Liza tell me about 2017
but the video starts through already
plan this like popular radio music I'm
not trying to get copyrighted so I'm a
muted for now alright guys it's pretty
awkward since there's like no audio
whatever should I come in the background
another line a lot the book bababa
ba-ba-ba-ba okay pisses me off
I'm not asking for much like I don't
want my one second of fame no I don't
need my own segment on YouTube rewind
like at least I feel like the leash
y'all can just put me in the back
somewhere like people believe it gotta
know I'm it you know at least I know
that I'm any I'm saying I'm asking for
much I'm really not I'm not even trying
to get slapped in the face like that
this dude just cut an explosion to the
face that looked kind of painful it's
messy all over your clothes I'm not
trying to beat the star or the YouTube
rewind
I love am asking for is just throw me in
the back somewhere like one more person
in the background water hurt anybody I
feel like I'm not asking for much
are you serious oh you're serious
listen up I have a few friends that was
in the rewind so I know how it works
basically YouTube hits you up in like yo
you've been selected and they already
know what they want you to do in the
video like they already know how to
incorporate you so the hanging up they
tell you yelled me at this location on
this day to film your part on the
YouTube rewind so you show up
everything's already planning you show
up you film and you're out of there I'm
not even asking for my own concept idea
of spotlight you know I'm saying I'm not
asking for my own video shoot set up you
know set video shoot photo shoot you
guys Clint just Photoshop in there so I
fit in the car you know I'm saying and
just take a look around I've been
holding the back off video I've been
holding back but I can't take these guys
he's gonna super rope
Wow Wow that message was very very deep
I'm glad you two put that in there I
feel a lot of people miss this message I
guess I'll explain it for you guys as
you guys can see this part was shot at a
graveyard what is that grave guards dead
people for some reason these youtubers
just start popping out of the ground and
I come to realize that they were trying
to tell us that all these youtubers are
so irrelevant that they're damn near
dead this year's rewind they're
basically just bringing these dead
irrelevant youtubers back to life and
just coming back phenomenal directing
that message really touch
all right guys there's no offense all
right but I'm aware this guy makes viral
dance videos but you're telling me
YouTube this guy had a bigger impact
this year on YouTube than me this guy
you tell me this guy did
Wow okay okay interesting so they decide
to give before is lava challenge I guess
we'll call it like a trend this year
it's own segment on the rewind let's
actually look at all the most popular
Flores a lot of videos this year okay
look at all those views those are all a
lot of views it was a popular trip but
you guys know dish tracks the trend that
I kind of I felt like I started on
YouTube a trend that was very popular
this year these are all the most popular
dish track videos this year I felt like
this trend was way more popular like if
you're gonna put something in the rewind
for like how popular it was or how viral
it was that I feel like the district
should at least made like a second
appearance in there I know people gonna
be like I'll dish tracks is negative no
rice you're kind of negative you're a
bad image that's why you guys aren't in
the rewind you're telling me floors lava
is any better lava lava really this is
positivity
okay I don't know why YouTube is making
it seem like YouTube is just one big
happy family everyone is just holding
hands it's all peaceful it's all a lump
against one big community this year
wasn't like that at all
I mean if here's what a real recap of
the year let's go so my bitch last
figure on that bitch at all I am your
dad man Instagram like five days ago
Rose I've never hung out with you over
ten minute I don't really show the bed
can you guys come here you're not a pimp
you're a borderline sex offender but I
can tell that you are let okay what a
fucking nigger but yeah guys another
gear where I don't make the cut I'm just
not there you know better luck next year
but before the video ends I just want to
say one thing for the people that
support me and subscribe and watch all
my videos thank you so much because you
guys are the only people that have my
back I'm going to continue to keep get
haters YouTube is gonna continue to not
support me like I can probably name five
people on YouTube they get more views
than me besides from Matt I mean
everyone else is under no way you don't
get invited to rewind two years in a row
and you make all these videos that go so
viral like I had a song that did 10
million a day and other songs that did
like 8 7 million a day like it's
basically a ton of just by reveals and
they never hit the trending page like
YouTube never trends my video and also
when you get a million subscribers you
get a plaque a 1 million subscriber play
well it's been a year since my main
channel had my second channel which I
hit a million in like two weeks on my
second channel both channel have a
million subscribers and I don't have my
plan there should be an option on my
account that says claim your prize' for
a million subscribers it's not there I
don't know if it's a glitch or I mean I
still don't have my plaques and all
these other little things are adding up
I'm starting to think YouTube might not
like me so you guys the people that
support and watch me every day are the
only people I have so thank you guys and
I will continue to hopefully make you
guys happy that being said I just
uploaded four days in a row let's make
it 5 tomorrow than 6 to 7 anyone
or whatever subscribe to your new drop a
like if you mix with the add comment i
read i'll comment and i will see you
guys tomorrow
bitch my pockets full of on the bill I'm
in the hell's bitch my soldiers did a
hunt at mail you serious are you serious
listen up
