young what is up guys back for another
view this is three days in a row I don't
know how I'm doing this but I'm back
first off everybody has this thing I
wear the same shirt every day I just
won't go but I wanted to take an
Instagram picture today because I
haven't wore this and it's the picture
so that's why I'm wearing again also the
YouTube rewind drop today and you know
I'm not an ATM last year I was kind of
angry about it I want to talk about it
but like today I'm really busy so I
think I'm gonna talk about tomorrow
because once we get uploading every day
can I sign your cast hi oh boy I have a
senior lessons Thanksgiving dog so what
happen to your hair though changing
you're not going no more hats and goofy
glasses okay okay yo someone made this
dope ass fan art your shout out a few
minutes yo banks keep this shit down is
me you and wolf that was you that was
you bro can we still hang that up Wolfie
you look good in this what it says it's
just won't be on there oh yeah you're
right yeah his name is Nick even high
school shout a little squirt I don't
know why he reacted that way as he feels
bad like he's trying to fix it right
down I'm grateful I'm grateful bro
actually yeah right there it really does
add character has a story it has a story
okay randomly found a box of sparklers I
don't know what's gonna happen but you
should not play with fire you should
light all these up at the same time
Rangers coming with the lighter and of
course it's ranger here we go
come on okay this man is weird his full
went upstairs what the fuck
mans really went upstairs got a brand
new fit just to redo it and hurt himself
with boys and girls I know I wear this
in my last vid I just need a quick
Instagram picture I don't wear the same
clothes every day
but anyways quick that picture right now
you know the drill I don't know why but
I'm always flexing someone else's car
bro this is how we spend our time guys
if you guys saw earlier the homie took a
picture with his mouth open I have this
blurred but we're basically photoshop in
a penis and you know we're all just
watch it underneath the eggplant emoji
is to actually know there we go there we
go the food came puppy puppy okay
I'll tag relax okay don't don't this dog
fur yeah cuz that his brothers fur
she does this every day at least four
times and I hear it from my room she's
just kidding everybody calm down damn
cloud getting merge finally arriving is
dead so that's a clue here Oh Joe quick
outfit change mid floor I have to get
the club gamers on it'll be summer ask
me for a favor I have to deliver right
now I got you I got you guys I'm really
glad this and I've been doing this for
years no Alyssa
do you mind it's horrible look at that
cloud gamers finally arrived let's get
it is that a snake or is that all those
guys can see but there's like hell a
fogginess but there's like wildfires
don't I in LA that's just not cool these
twins which one is Chiki bum bum bleep
sit sit sit
so what's his name I'm teaching center a
how to clickbait right now alright guys
I'm over here I've been dying to ask
this question for the longest
hey hey guys uh chin I can a you know so
she's hopping in the pool cuz they're
taking pictures thumbnail yeah
you saw the new YouTube rewind you don't
put that I made I don't know I just felt
like we should have been on it you know
I'm saying kind of I'm gonna make a full
video on it tomorrow that's how mad I am
dogs do it I'm not bad guys I'm just
kind of you know confused I don't know
why we really weird no way she said what
I think some crazy no way she said that
but yeah I'm not sure you guys know but
the youtuber you want to actually drop
to dance may see a recap the whole year
BC all the most popular youtubers are in
it last year I wasn't in it I got kind
of angry I'm in a full video in addition
I'm still not in it I'm not that angry I
do not make a video on it just today I
was like really busy so maybe that
tomorrow but anyway it's just three
upload straight I would do four maybe
five maybe six but guess once again I'm
a trend to every single day I feel
motivated again I just feel like working
I think I saw us talking like it I will
see you guys tomorrow
humming still beat my pockets full of on
their bill I'm in the hell's bitch my
cell just did a hunter male
