I love everybody I posted a video
yesterday I posted a video right now
that's two days in a row
back to back kid you three days find out
tomorrow but today we have a very
important matter to take care of does
this girl her name is Danielle Virgo
leave behat baby cast me out static girl
she just dropped a new song and I've
been very skeptical about making a video
about her because last time I did I mean
I did turn out good it just resulted in
me getting roasted for no reason but had
baby bad bad bad behaving bad baby oh my
god Tony okay I don't know where she got
that from her why is he keep saying that
but I don't look like a tonio regardless
regardless she recently just dropped a
brand new song and how what's gonna
react to it but on the same day my
arch-nemesis Jay Paul also dropped the
new song and I'm gonna predict you me
because usually I would react to both
that make two separate videos and they
would both get a ton of views but today
I feel II it is a special occasion which
it tries to leave me so that's why I
will react to both combine them in one
video but wait there's one bit about the
ballot out we're gonna break it down
we're gonna determine who has the worst
song alright I'm never that share
channel looks like we have some business
to handle I think we're just gonna
listen to the hooks of the song and
compare you know back and forth flipping
back and forth
I like they say ladies first so I will
just get started
this is let's Chris miss Lipp miss Chris
miss is Chris miss
yoicks and the fire so that was like the
hook of a sovereign the catchy part it's
almost like it's so bad that it kind of
sounds like for some reason it's kind of
catchy
I'm not here to say if it's good or bad
because we're only here to compare you
know who has the worst song hammer
Danielle right so I can't say much we're
gonna see what no Danielle has to bring
to the table it's gonna be hard for her
to out worse this because I mean this is
pretty bad for her to do worse than this
it's gonna take a lot of her actually
Wow cuz I wasn't expecting that I was
expecting some rubbish honestly and she
came through like that was kind of
decent the thing is I feel like both
songs have good hooks like they're both
catchy hug just Jake's hook he's just
talking about how much he loves
Christmas and like Christmas is lit you
know I mean but had behavior on the
other hand she's talking about is really
no flex I got it six figure checks I got
it fifty can't catch I got it to put it
on the dash I got it like I get relate
you know I'm saying like I also got it
like 50k cash I also got that you don't
say six figure checks I also get that so
we can relate to the song you know I
mean it's better because I can relate to
it you know a bump in it and like Jake
song like you get it like Christmas is
lit like what else like we get it bro
but anyways the first point the hook I'm
gonna have to give it to behalf a hater
she gets the first point it's not over
yet Jake it's to redeem himself but the
first point goes to her all right next
round we were focused on the verse who
is spitting the most bars who got the
fire and Jake is down right now he's
gonna have to step up this round if he's
gonna want to take the lead that I mean
this is not looking too good for him he
does not want to lose to a 14 year old
that's gonna be very embarrassing
biologist I'll jump into it yo Santa
Claus but respect my hand put nitrous in
my sleigh now my stupid flames
not enlisting you'll see uh he just said
check the naughty list and you see our
name so let you guys know Santa Claus he
has to list nice naughty/nice list you
get presents naughty list you don't get
presents Peter said his name is on the
naughty list
I guess he's trying to imply like he's a
bad boys a savage you know I'm cool you
know I'm a rebel I'm a savage I'm on the
naughty laughs what would you wanna flex
on the night unless you know I'm saying
like you're not even getting presents
from Santa like why would you want that
anyways red and white misplace switching
them lanes son Jake mrs. Claus just be
playing these games okay hang with the
legs okay he just said can't hang with
the legs like I agree you should not be
hanging out with land people I just
don't understand why he's saying it
because he's possibly hanging out with
lay people I mean it's all cruelty never
mind you know this video is to the
cipher who has the worst song and I'm
here to take shots at anyone chief 10
fans don't be bad me I apologize but you
know I'm just confused about the lyric
anyways I'm gonna keep it going red and
green on the chain cuz some Christmas
Gucci frames the verse it's alright I'm
more intrigued by the video like the
video is very visually appealing my eyes
feel good by watching this I mean it
doesn't cancel out my ears getting
destroyed but I mean the video is cool
so I'll give them that
I can't say much though I need to see
what I had behave you got so let's check
out our verse they wanted to put a cloud
same one that's counting me out but
she's just running her mouth
but then a what I'm about I'm running up
come as it plays she'll stop a bitch
shot in my chest
whoa whoa whoa wait a minute she just
said still stop a bitch out in my JS as
in like she went stop I mean like it's
compilot and I don't know I feel like
this cache me outside girl is like an
affront and like an act like as if when
she acts tough and she wants to fight
everyone and she's a savage but off
camera she's pledged just like a regular
girl how she should not be getting into
any fights or stomping on anyone on top
of that I don't understand the scene
with the car and stuff because like to
drive to take off like I passed away
that my hustle don't have no brakes I'm
already wooden don't have to ride bro
are you hearing this she's kind of
spinning bars I mean I was expecting the
worst like I was kind of doubting her
and this is a lot better than her last
song and Wow okay listen she just said
still stuck on me like some masking tape
like you know how tape again stuck she's
saying that people are stuck on her like
tape you know I'm saying but wait the
next slide she says I'm fresh to death
like I passed away you know how she'll
be like you know I'm so fresh to death
right now you know I'm fresh no she
stayed she's fresh to death like she's
about to pass away you know I'm saying
but wait she says can't stop my hustle
don't have no brakes so you know how on
a car it has brakes and like stop you
know I said she said
no one can stop her hustle not even
brakes can stop her muscle I would
always write these lines for her but
those were lions touched me because I
feel like I'm fresh to death like I
passed away and I feel like my hustle is
so strong that not even brakes can stop
me but yeah she was spinning some real
shit I just heard her first I heard Jake
Smurfs earlier I don't know what to say
her verse was just better I mean it just
had more meaning to it and it just I
don't know I just thought it was better
next round I don't know what else we can
judge on I mean I was kind of making up
these rules as we went and I'm kind of
at a stop right now I guess we'll go
music video and I guess Jake with all
the flashing lights and stuff his music
video was better give him a plate but
that still leaves that yellow broccoli
at two to one and I think that's just
gonna end it I mean I guess she wants so
Congrats
I guess yeah here's your trophy catch me
outside girl I know we had some beef in
the past I mean this song is a lot
better than your last one so I'll give
you that so congrats and hopefully you
can keep improving if you can tell her
your fans to stop calling me a toenail I
would appreciate it and Jake I was very
open minded you know I wasn't biased I
was just listening to the Sun no I'll
tell you man I guess you could just say
a fourteen-year-old girl just made a
better song than you so it's pretty
embarrassing you I just have to live
with that for the rest of your life I
can approve but you know that's up to
you anyways you guys been to the end and
if you guys agree or disagree with me or
know things who has the better song
would ever leave your comments below if
you guys haven't already I don't know
what you're waiting for subscribe
enjoyed the crew right there like I said
I'm posting a Vale bar I posted one
yesterday I posted one a day that's two
in a row can we do three I guess you're
just gonna have to file tomorrow anyways
that's gonna wrap it
thank you guys so much you guys are the
best I really do appreciate all the
support I've been getting I'm sorry I've
been away I'm back down posting tomorrow
posting tomorrow be here tomorrow I'm
telling you guys be here tomorrow day
guys and peace still my pockets full of
money bill I'm in the hell's bitch my
cell just did a hunter male
