Oh miss my neck my back lick my pussy
and my crap yo what is up guys how do
you guys do it I unpack it I actually
remember at the start of this year I
told myself I was gonna post a video
every single day I know I haven't been
really up loyal of but 2017 I'm
uploading every day well the year is
almost over and I didn't even do
anything close to that I have not been
uploading and I'm sorry I've been really
really slacking lately I just be getting
too comfortable when you get too
comfortable and you're relaxed and every
other youtuber is just blinded and about
to pass me up eventually so I can't
really get back on my grind so for next
year I'm gonna really try to upload as
much as possible but since we're almost
close to next year I gotta start
practicing now so today we're going now
and we're making a video but I don't
want to go out there alone in the real
world that's gonna be boring I just
still wanted to make a video with man
you guys know summer man she's always
down the block with me man you always
make such amazing vlogs that see what
you do when you feel me summer okay I
got a question okay we haven't made a
video in a while do you want to go oh
they all miss you and they miss their
you know what look I was wondering if
you wanted to go out today and make a
video you're moving out today where's
all your stuff so there you can't leave
you can't leave you can't leave thank
you I did you at this house
Thanks stop I'm just moving rooms Oh all
right so summer's busy a day because she
has to do all this stuff so I don't have
anyone to vlog with how are you are
matchin you feel me beloved I got a
question I need to go make a video I was
wondering if you wanted to come and help
me make a video I come with me to make a
video you know I saw I was thinking we
should go out in public to libraries and
just play like inappropriate music out
loud and just like get people's reaction
you know I mean like I know I'm really
on college campuses should you still be
like I never think I would ever come
back here ever since I dropped out but
like shit Here I am I got bitches every
day sucking on my bowels licking on my
balls
bitches they know
my back lick my pussy
and my crack my neck my back my pussy
and my crack first you got to put your
neck into my booty like a Willie did
alpha really nigga in the bed with the
booty killers in the furry niggas we
wake up taking booty bitches in the
nudies nigga yo straight dude you were
losing keep straight on my nigga dick on
the love he only worried for my dick let
her try it's pretty embarrassing
ran it down my vagina wait bring it down
my potato ran it down my potato remains
yeah I'm kinda shy Michael chained up
bring it down my vagina
Rena died my vagina long short that dick
totally calm sir technically Kong slurp
that dick silicon speck my a cyclotron
suck that dick Telecom
guys things were going so smoothly and I
was pretty embarrassed you know but as
much as I was embarrassed I want to keep
going but my computer is not working
this is not functioning we need to play
music somehow I'm trying to embarrass
myself but in the meantime man I think
yours is gonna go around and basically
they see ask people if they want to make
baby what did he do
daddy better magnesia
fuck me my tunnel loves a deep bro lick
lick lick lick I wanna eat yo bitch but
I can't fuck some my nails so imma pick
it up with chopsticks now wide open
mouth wide open mouth wide open like I
was wide open mouth wider or your fans
character in the pool yeah I think
that's all we're gonna do today man I
just can't take it just to cringey doing
it over and over I just gotta get out of
there I did this which is embarrassing
but yeah back to the clubhouse
all right back at the cloud house if you
guys made it to the end thank you guys
what is that noise yo I'm filming an
outro I'm filming an outro render no you
need to keep it down Bart I'm filming an
outro right now okay okay but I'm still
me an outfit I don't get a hold on you
but look we share a balcony now we've
done Oh guys guys guys we share a
balcony it connects to her room this is
my room we need to make this place look
cool I think
Christmas tree Christmas yeah that's
gonna wrap it up thank you guys so much
you guys Manson and I really really do
appreciate and I know there's a lot of
times in life where I make promises
where I'm like I'm gonna start posting
but I never really do but I'm actually
being serious this time like I'm
actually being serious I'll be posting
tomorrow and if I don't and you guys can
delete my channel because that's how
coughing I am so you guys see this girl
that's always stuck in my head now here
that was classic it in front of a
library
