you guys should do a track with rice
game you know the rapper the Asian retro
hey guys it's me again I always see
comments always randomly talked about
I've missed the old rice dub which
really doesn't make any sense because I
felt like I haven't changed I feel like
I'm the same old me but I read comments
and listen to criticism so here I am in
my old setup this is where it all began
back when I was struggling mattress on
the ground this is where it all started
for the people that have been supporting
since the beginning I just want to say
thank you so much you guys are awesome
anyways enough of the chit chatting I've
recently began disrespecting I just
can't be having that because I just been
working too hard and just has done so
much to be treated like this basically
I'll just let you guys down what
happened and hopefully all the
disrespect under my name just you know
stops because it's just not cool anyways
what went down there's a group of Asian
and they form a group I think the group
is called BTS and they're all Korean
they all sing and dance and they just
form a group and they make music and
they're really really popular not only
do they have a ton of fans get their
country of Asia but also have a lot of
fans in America too and that's kind of
why I've been hearing their name aligned
I haven't heard any of their music or
anything I just always hear their name
random well this boyband just so happens
to be in America for whatever reason
there was this paparazzi that was
lurking lurking from afar and he finally
walks up to them just to ask them you
guys should do a track with rice gum I
really don't know why he came up them
and asked them that it was really random
they all look so confused maybe because
the English isn't really that good and
they don't really understand but I also
feel like they wouldn't even know who I
am and why would they even relate to
them anyways regardless the video gets
juicier you know the rapper the Asian
right now please stop for like five
minutes
things are gonna hear both of these guys
to get peppy with each other I felt like
a fight coulda broke loose out of
anyways the thing I understand is why is
he going through all this trouble in all
these complications just to ask them
more questions about me hey what do you
guys think about
he's really good he's a good career
rapper yeah you guys this guy goes
through all this trouble and out of all
the things this guy could ask these guys
I'm all the thing you could ask them
anything he's just stuck on the rice cup
question for some reason and I
appreciate this guy show me love this
reporter is showing me mad love but like
I'm a youtuber you know I'm saying and
these guys are like worldwide
international you know singers stars
whatever you want to call them and the
questions are pretty random and when the
securities were telling him to stop he
should have just stopped and stopped
being so difficult about it yeah the
video is pretty awkward kind of hard to
watch because he's over here you know
people have put a hand in his face he's
just really trying to just you know get
the point across like more droopiness
alright like he just wants to know what
their opinion is on rice go but yeah I
randomly stumbled upon this video
somehow I'm involved in the video I
don't know how about you know whatever
right I didn't think much of it I just
watched it and I went on with my day and
for some reason I start getting these
hate these tweet from like these BTS
fangirls here I still fuck off like
nobody walk through weaksauce asked the
fact that you thought you were on BTS is
level and she attached four pictures
okay first off what did I say that I was
i BTS level I've never said those words
in my life I'll top of that the memes
that she posted underneath weren't even
good like Christ um that guy who rudely
interrupted wait a minute why is it for
me first
he should be roasting the other guys
first I didn't do anything the other
guys the one interrupted asking all the
questions what did I do
all I know is that someone asked BTS if
they were going to the lab with race
dumb and ugly ass talentless youtuber
who hits women okay what I've never had
a woman ever why are they even coming at
me like this
so as rice time really involved in this
whole BTS situation because if he is we
are gonna have trouble ok I'm not
involved in this BTS situation but if we
were what trouble would we be having
because a lot of these BTS fangirls are
little girls you know I mean and I feel
like all these girls never have pictures
of themselves on their account they
always hide and put another picture of
like some other k-pop stars to disguise
themselves so I was like this person
saying that we're gonna have troubles
like who are you and I'm really not
staring you're part like 12 if mister
breathe anything that could be related
to BTS slightly I'm gonna fly to
wherever the
he is and B is supreme loving ass okay
why are they getting violent now okay I
don't like this because I don't know
what I did because you should be getting
mad at the reporter for invading their
privacy and interrupting their photo
shoot you know I mean like be mad at him
why are they being mad at me like what
did I do
rice gum ugly-ass mofo here we go again
another fan account that doesn't have a
picture of who they are like how are you
to come at me for being ugly my
appearance but you don't have pictures
of yourself you have a picture of a kpop
day like it's not even fair man like
they know what I look like but I don't
know what they look like so how can I
even roast back so be honest Bryce don't
probably hired people love now he ugly
like that okay I did not hire anyone but
the thing is that reporter sounds
familiar he seemed like the same one
that pulled up on me know what I would
have Rhys he kind of wants to squash
everything things too bitch see I was
just trying to mind my own business with
my watermelon but do it spawn up on me
too so I've not hire anyone he's right
he's either you do right god yes okay
what's so funny why is everyone laughing
and why is your mom's eyes about to pop
out of her freaking school all right
stop roasted me I'm tired of being
clouded the fact that he's saying that
they should collab with freakin rice
come of all people makes it even more
ridiculous he wants diamonds to go
together with shit no thank you you're
insane okay so I think he's calling me
shit that's really not that cool you
don't even know how to spell diamonds I
mean its core to think very highly of
your idols you know this girl has a
profile picture of like this kpop star
so I'm assuming she's very young and you
know confused but they really all these
fans speak very very highly of their
idols and I don't know I feel like it's
a little bit too highly you know I'm not
even fully awake to process what
happened I'm just still in the fact that
rice gum was even mentioned whispered
thought of while in the presence of BTS
are you crazy
alright this girl's making it seem like
BTS is some like dogs or some like at
the end of the day they're humans I'm a
human you're a human watching your
parents or humans your friends or we're
all humans we're all equal relax
why was that paparazzi asking them about
that asshat rice tub he's all relevant
call me irrelevant when your ass has
seven phone if anyones are relevant
you're irrelevant you have no room to
call me how can these paparazzi ass BTS
collaborate with racism don't disrespect
that my boys are rich successful people
to be asked to collaborate with an
irrelevant youtuber shake my head okay
I'm gonna confuse because I'm getting
attacked and they're acting like the
rice done question was disrespectful
like not really I feel like the more
disrespectful part was him interrupting
the private photoshoot and wasting their
time and after security said stop he
just kept going like that was the
disrespectful part not the rice dumpling
I feel like people are getting mad at me
and you guys should be getting mad at
the reporter guy for interrupting like
why am I getting attacked that pat was
so stupid how could BTS know from
working with Steve Aoki to a nobody like
rice go buddy I'm a nobody now I'm a
nobody who the eff is rest up though
he's irrelevant
stop stop calling me a little bit they
really gotta stop who I'm not around I'm
really not boy you have 25 followers who
are you to call me a road
I really cry at NAMM John's face when
they asked about doing a song with race
to them don't nobody know who the fuck
that is except for the little kids that
follow him on YouTube but how is gonna
say that nobody knows because in that
same sentence he's like yeah but these
little kids don't have like there's a
lot of little kids out there that know
me so as like it's not nobody and then
on top of that the picture he attached
isn't even a good meme like what is like
how is that even funny like that fucking
guy I asked him about rice Deb like out
of all the things so irrelevant is he
calling me irrelevant again okay boy you
have a hundred followers who are you to
clap
this guy has fifty four thousand tweets
which means he tweeted fifty four
thousand times I don't live in tweet
that much bro who are you tweeting - I
see
say who are you tweeted to who is
listening say hi guys as you guys can
see these BTS fan girls have been
cooking me apart the thing is though not
all of them are brain-dead like for
instance this one looks like your
typical BTS fangirl page that they're
you know profile pic whatever but she
said I don't know who write stuff is but
why are Army's attacking him on his IG
that paparazzi feel had nothing to do
with them for real go like why were they
attacking me so happy late I don't know
the rapper yeah guys gonna wrap it up
thank you so much if you guys made to
the end if you guys did that means you
enjoyed the video so make sure your
trouble like subscribe if you are you
and comment below I do read all comments
and I know before I posted this video I
went like a full week without posting so
I'm sorry I'm back now I'm posting every
single day and look for all you BTS
fingers that are gonna keep hate on me
for being involved in this like I wasn't
even involved in this I didn't ask for
this so chill out really really you
really need to chill out or I'm gonna
make a part 2 and you don't want that so
anyways thank you so much for watching
I'll post a new video modify support and
I will see you guys tomorrow
