you know what is up guys how are you
doing today I'm doing a question answer
I tweeted out to you guys to ask those
questions I said special guest because I
wanted to keep it a secret here she is
she doesn't need no introduction okay
here we go first question let's go right
into it does Rice placing so much
getting you wet that's right Apple would
make a card do you think Apple would add
Windows no guys these are a good
question next question will you ever get
a girlfriend I'm assuming this is for me
not her I mean I think it's time I mean
it been too long now I really like you
you want to be my girlfriend
oh my god right I have been literally
dreaming about this never next question
if you're going 40 miles per hour how
long would it take for you to reach 20
miles if you were going 20 miles an hour
how long would it take for you to get
it's a time like how long so if you're
going 20 minutes if you're going 20
miles an hour
read the question if you're going 20
miles per hour how long will it take for
you to reach 20 miles an hour yeah now
we're not 20 minutes or 20 hours it
happens what celebrity do you guys look
like the most oh my god hold on I know
who you look like
like legit my dad was obsessed with him
funny you know who you look like
I don't know who does she look like I
can't put my finger on it someone them I
don't know alright guys so next question
is hashtag math right thoughts on xx
temptation and amigo spice amigos okay
okay you know I heard about that I saw
the fight is here right there I just
feel like should be violent nowadays you
just gotta be peaceful and love you like
fighting the fist is not to answer you
could just talk it out why can't they
just talk it I agree sometimes you just
gotta take the high road next question
do you see the optical illusion hi so
this is Audrey illusion I don't know
what I'm supposed to look for do you see
it look I like to see smiling faces
right there okay no no I after I tell
you you can't unsee it but there's like
a cigar like shit you didn't see it no I
know you can't see it you can't unsee it
guys I can't unsee them okay guys so
next question is what's body hard you
would not mind losing I want to say yeah
no I was gonna say here to you because
you do have two of those and it's just
on the side of your head it's fine I
mean if you lose one ears you have the
other right and then you would only even
want to hear phone for the rest of your
life I mean I can't complain that's
right how hard can you click made this
video and we'll just put a few titles
here and there I will be yeah it'll be
good
next question can the girl do your
makeup in under two minutes
all right two minutes two minutes two
minutes only hi guys I'm sad I don't
want to do this this wasn't my dream so
excited are you excited or what I
started because I don't know what I look
like right now it's so large oh my god
alright next question next question this
is very interesting I really want to see
how you do that how do you eat a banana
alright guys pretty weird question why
you guys want us to eat fruit I mean the
other day it's a clue I don't know why
you guys are like dirty-minded I like to
eat it a certain way and people just
always judge me for it next question how
would you deal with hey she's through
banana I'll answer it first how do you
do with hate you don't you don't deal
with it because you just don't read it
my dream in life is to have my own
barber shop what are your pants on my
latest cut here we go and here is
picture you have a bright future brow a
bright future but you just do not know
how to fade your cuts are faded all
right no every kind of mean I think he's
good alright I think if you need to cut
me go ahead you know experiment Maya
the next question is ooh that one's fun
cool glad about your bet I've been told
out of a nice but I would like the
audience beside you go me but you guys
covered below absolute guess what her
opinion is on your music did you know
how to make music oh so who's like your
favorite rapper out there
alright now she just saying that she
doesn't even hurt any song this is her
first time here into a song I'll be
honest you know if it's not good you're
just gonna be like I'm good honey I will
tell you like cheerio yeah listen call
she's like she's like what is your
favorite thing to do in bed just gonna
wrap it up thank you guys so much
if you guys mentioned if you guys didn't
make sure you got a drop a like and wait
make sure you're checking her page
because thank you for just sitting down
and answering these questions maybe
you're the best
so look guys I want to go home now get
out my makeup I'll post a video ma we're
gonna leave like that behind the scenes
I don't want guys are still watching
because the video is over and you guys
are still staying sober wait actually I
have a gift for you try to buy it make
sure you guys cop it down below link
bracelet don't actually put off here we
go
rice burger take it out you feel me you
feel me
wait more bloopers before we pulled up
to Kami's house I wanted to prank Alyssa
and like make it seem like we're gonna
meet Kim Kardashian like she's a big Kim
fan
look she's a big man she is a big bitch
go get her go get her right now why you
should I just call it bro I trust
brother with me son was hurt
are they come on you come with me if I
do my makeup in Kim Kardashian is not
there then what that $10,000 you know
what you piss me off
I'm looking for just did a hundred mil
