and then after that I started all these
3d space you just tell me to let these
twins when clothing no what is it
everybody yeah what is it reread back
for another video as you guys since you
have some you are in the background
these are a hundred dollar bills right
as yes if you have drink a hundred
dollar bill I think that's a really dope
art piece of my room I don't know but
today is a special day because I'm
making a video and I hardly ever do that
on top of that there's a lot of drama to
be discussed but before we do that this
is a few things I need to get off my
chest I just really want to talk about
some so sometimes I go out in the real
world and I run into some rice gum
subscribers some rice some fans out
there and they ask for pictures and
sometimes those pictures service the
internet like they show it off with
internet and it's really cool for me to
just randomly stumble upon these
pictures and it makes me feel good
inside I see him all the time so guys
never took a picture of me makes me a
sweet happy to know I can follow you
back and stuff anyways that's not the
point that's not the point I'm trying to
make before I'll try to make it I was on
Instagram the other day I stumbled upon
this picture I love when my people walk
on the asking is it really me party bugs
I came from nothing brah I'm growing by
emoji fire emoji another your vote this
dude is out here making moves
I'm happy for him he has fans coming up
so I'm trying to take pictures that's
dope man props to you man good job to
this guy right but the other day I was
on Twitter and I randomly stumbled upon
this most it said this complete stranger
asked me for a picture and then posted
by the guests of clown with the catch
and also weirdo wait a minute so you're
telling me that girl wasn't a fan I just
came up you're telling me that this guy
came to a random stranger it was like yo
let's take a picture and then he went
off with his own but they captured he
could put any cab you could put fan love
like he could have been so about it but
he really made up a whole scenario I
love what people come up to me asking is
it really me like he's saying that she
can't it was like is that really you
know you have like 90 followers but the
thing is he has like other pictures with
like other people and now I'm starting
to wonder if those are axial fans or
strangers also he said he heard of my
music before he motivated me after we
met me I don't know what to believe
anymore is this guy actually a fan that
came to me I was like you heard of his
music or did you just come up to a
random white guy and just
for a picture to leave I mean I won this
guy his page and I was listening to some
of his music and I think this exact guy
would vibe to this type of music
crazy how Edwards look up to him and he
tells me I know who you are so
apparently this guy has a lot of
credibility because people look up to
him I don't know who is look at them cuz
I don't even know who this guy is but
then again he puts right here he tells
me I know who you are in brackets as if
these are the exact words he says
another man telling them I know who you
are I don't know man did this really
happen or is he just making up some
stuff because this guy has like 90
followers but you got caught up once I
don't know who to believe this support
has been amazing homie said he waited in
line all night for the mixtape did he
went in line on that for the mixtape
guys I'm sorry I really questioned where
exactly is he selling this mixtape
either this guy's some underground
up-and-coming artist that has the ton of
fans already where he's just making up
these random captions and taking
pictures or strangely oh no let me know
what you guys think in the comments I
have no idea but right now it is time to
talk about the juicy stuff so recently
there has been more and more drama in
the community if you guys haven't heard
Warchief ten members are leaving t1000
the turn you guys take wasn't a good
person I was kind of tongue anyways they
jumped a little veil exposed and Jake
why had to leave it honest then I had
nothing to do with this drama
I really don't but on the day they
dropped this video for some reason they
followed me on Twitter but they felt
like a ton of people on Twitter so I
really wasn't thinking much of it and
then they both followed me on Instagram
and they both follow under 100 people on
Instagram so our roads are trying to
tell me stuff they're trying to set me
up because maybe this could be a bad
publicity stand out of I asked them I
said what's up lol he said I guess you
saw my video lol and no it's not fair
but I gotta make sure it's not big I
can't get a callback and so I said not
fake promise see or no he said promised
halo homie t oh all right I guess I
trust up there actually left team ten
and then after that I started getting
all this kids basically just telling me
to let these Twitter when clogging I
mean I don't even know if there were
good fat I mean
do we even have enough space in this
house oh shit we actually have one room
less all the rooms are taken but this
one is it I keep this one ah so these
are taking up sorry but if you guys want
to come through and join the squad you
guys can share this one I feel like it's
a nice room where you guys can both make
content stuff so let me know but yeah
man I'm not surprised that's like the
sixth seventh member to leave the team I
mean I lost count at this point another
thing I want to talk about which is also
important is well I see a lot of
youtubers out there that are always
trying to transition and start doing
music so I'm trying to do acting all
this other stuff it never turns out good
they never are really that good they're
better at making YouTube you guys know
me I make diss track system I've never
made an official song ever in my life
I've never did for some reason every son
that I've made has just been dissed
tracks and I really thought like what if
I just go to the student and just make a
song that is not me just ripping on
someone right just like a rather song so
I start experimenting and I have a few
songs made now and I don't know if I
should drop it because like I'm kind of
nervous and shy like I don't know what
you guys are gonna think you guys are
very critical with the music and there's
always that new tuber hey you know
starts making music and it's never good
and everyone's like stop making music
they just keep going and they start
falling off I don't want to be that guy
you know I might just do YouTube it just
having a side music thing anyway that is
do this on my free time so I'll play you
guys a little sneak peek of it but just
don't be too mean on me you know I'm
saying all right hold on about to pull
it up all right here we go man exclusive
you feel me I've never been one to
complain never come
yeah just a little sneak peek I have a
few song a minute I think I'm ready to
drop up I'm not sure how much is I'll
let you guys know but I guess I guess
I'll just go go-karting with the boys no
whole crew is about to go screw screw so
I was like no I'm gonna pull up right
now thing is this place is so far how
know where we're going so we are finally
here we're about to secure all the
homies gonna do but we just got here and
they gave us a do that cuz you need to
wear while you raise a family that helps
your brain or something I'm not sure
alright guys we're about to race laugh
merrily like a competition just know
just know I'm gonna win because I don't
take else out all these guys are
everywhere I never drive I'm still gonna
win so you have walkers on him
I'm a fucking loser pop in Phillies me
and I feel just like the rock star oh my
brother's got that guessing they always
we smoked a tiger I stopped I was in
first place while I was in second place
the whole time thank you out of all my
friends is still good but like if you're
not first you're basically glad I don't
care who are about to race they get it
now and get first my soldiers did a
hundred mill
