hey guys it's me again and I'm aware I
haven't posted a video in like a week
and a half I'm sorry I felt like I
needed a little break and I did enough
times I said that same exact tense it's
okay I'm sorry I'm back now but as you
guys can see by the title I have
something faded so the other day I was
at this event was a convention it was
cool I was walking around was having fun
and then I ran into this guy did it feel
good though
random guy came up to me you know asked
me for a picture
I gave him my time and he kind of just
ends up like told me a little bit you
know he screams out this medium you know
I didn't feel good kind of clouds get a
little bit right which really didn't
even make me that man what kind of
pissed me off was like I didn't have to
take a pictures I'm like there's no rule
or no law in the world where you have to
take pictures with people like it's just
me wanting to I chose to I thought it
was a fan and you know I'm over here
giving up my time you know just to get
bamboozled on top of that the past year
and a half I've kind of felt like I said
I really I'm not saying I'm a celebrity
I'm saying I felt like one way
everywhere I go I'm talking to every day
no one wants a picture so unless to meet
me you know I'm saying kids are lined up
outside of my house to meet me but I've
been experiencing this lifestyle for
over a year almost two years now and
it's like as much as I can be sick of it
or I'm tired of it like this is the life
that I signed up for it I'm okay with
something that I always keep in the back
of my head is it doesn't matter if I'm
exhausted or I'm tired if I took a
million pictures is one day if someone
comes up to me there's no way I can
curve them because that's like a brand
new person that's a brand new human that
never met them before that stuff first
and probably the last time they're gonna
meet me I really got picture is like the
least I can do for them considering all
the things that they do for me right so
that's why I took a picture with this
random guy that I thought was a fan
which resulted in me getting pranked
which I was just gonna leave it at that
you know whatever you know haha got me
right but then he poses this on the idea
of subreddit which is basically like a
forum for essentially just white scum
haters and the comment underneath the
video I think made me more mad than the
actual interaction itself like the stuff
that people were saying we're kind of
pissing me off but I saw comments like
saying that this was impressive a good
job it was golden victory like what he
did was not hard at all like it was not
impressive but anyone could have done
this a little seven-year-old girl could
have came up to me and was like Bryce
now do you want to take a picture I
would have said yes hoes and then she
could have screamed some outlandish shit
like what he did was not impressive at
all the way it gets better this guy not
only thinks that this video is amazingly
amazing but he has a theory of kind of
what went down like he knows it all
right look he says oh my god amazing
dude he won pretends to not hear
anything
to pretend to get a call or be talking
on the phone
fantastic okay what I did not act like I
did here I did not act like I got a
random phone call like it is an ongoing
joke with my viewers and stuff like I
just Bradley put the phone in my ear and
just act as if I'm on the phone I'm
never really on the phone it was opposed
he asked me for a picture I did this
fool three poses in five seconds boom
boom boom I didn't have to take time out
of my day to take this picture with this
guy I also did have to smile and pose
you know I'm saying but I did it because
I know I felt like he was a fan but you
just took advantage of me regardless man
whoever thinks that this is impressive
it is not and for people that think that
I tried to play it off by acting like I
got a phone call late I really wasn't
there trying to give this guy a built
picture but guys the hater comments
doesn't just end there I think he gets a
little bit worse look at this one he
thought he was posing for a photo ha
when the egotistical loser
what are you serious this dude literally
asked me for a picture I even want to
take it this guy looks like a girl with
the mustache she kind of smelled bad you
know I wasn't complaining I still took
the picture just for what just for one
to be called an egotistical losers yeah
I mean he just walked away and now all I
can think is that he's a bitch okay come
we were in a public area I don't think
there was much that I can do I'm
assuming he wanted me to stand up for
myself which means get violent or maybe
like his phone but let's read some of
these times so guy said I'm surprised he
didn't break your phone and the guy that
posted this video that came up to me
replied to that comment said I Loki wish
he would have did some blurred shit like
that I'd get a fat check he also said I
was expecting him to punch me or get
into a tough guy attacked some random
guy said that would have made for a
great video the guy replies that's what
I'm saying
I get my ass beat for a good video more
punches he throws the fatter check I
would have died as you guys can see the
guy in the video the guy that came up to
me
purposely to piss me off saw would react
this feeling I was in a position where
it was just no wedding it was just all
elves might walk away I had called a
bitch I react a certain way it gets
recorded and he can sue me and get a fat
check it was just a lose-lose situation
and there's just no winning from but as
much as people love to hate me there are
people that didn't like me but they were
kind of logical about like I saw
comments like no this was kind of cringy
it wasn't that funny like you know he
kind of took his time and take a picture
you're kind of a douche for doing that
right I saw a ton of those comics which
basically brought out the hardcore
haters not only do they not like you but
they want everyone else to not like you
also and that's another level pay me
anyway I saw a ton of these comments
Basie's guy said seriously right storm
is a piece of shit I can't believe
people are actually saying dude that's
mean he took his time to take a pic that
is an example of a passionate hater I
feel like I have a lot of things where
they just hate me so much but they don't
want anyone else to like me at all and
they just want to see me fin I don't
want to see me make video you want me to
delete my channel they will do anything
to make me stop making videos and that's
kind of the reason why I click baited
them because now they're watching me and
because I have a message for them when
you hate also and that means you don't
want to see them succeed like haters
don't want to see you go up which means
they want to see you go down why would
you wish failure on someone else I would
never want failure for someone else like
I believe in karma right so like I have
all these goals I want to succeed how
can I succeed when I'm being negative
you know towards other people can't be
negative and wish battle so what I want
them to fail and then expect to be
blessed with you know success like it
did I mean I won't even call her my son
people down and
and that's kind of my two cents on it
obviously not quitting YouTube I mean I
would be an idiot to I haven't posted in
like a week I'm recharged I'm glad to be
back I have all these ideas it's every
single day I'm upload tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow
that's impossible I just want to make
people happy I'm gonna continue to do
that honestly the guy that came up to me
and cracked that joke after the video he
looked really happy if you guys see a
smile he looks really happy and if I
could bring joy to his life like I'm
glad I did but I didn't want to make
this video but I just felt like I just
had to address the hate or it just would
have kept going on so hopefully it could
you know tone it down a little bit but
if you guys made it to the end of the
video and you guys support me thing guys
so much drop a thumbs up and I will see
you guys I'm in hell my soldiers did a
hundred mill they telling me to stop
