bad news everybody this is the only
reason I'm posting because like the
Passover day the love has been amazing
like you guys have been showing so much
love and I appreciate and that's what
I'm keeping it going but today I was
thinking like in this house we don't
prank each other enough but I think the
reason is I mean the touch how efficient
if someone were to prank me I'd be like
that's kind of the way that's what
people do to each other it was like I
got a scar something do you guys know my
roommate sub-array she has like 18
million followers on Instagram that's
why I like her baby like she treats that
as if it's like a little kid like she
loves it you know I mean I guess all
were to delete my youtube channel I
flipped out I would really flip out if
someone dead to me so I think my youtube
channel is the Clemente totally her
history might annoy me so I just kidding
I can't do that to my friend I mean she
would literally sue me I would go to
Corey would be bad at who just would
enter fish it but we can prank or we can
make her believe it fully in a couple of
minutes I surf that what it looks like
with like an account is banned on
Instagram her just like shut down so I
have the screenshot right here
and what we're doing basically in our
house did you turn off the internet as
someone's room is still set like you're
connected I believe this is her room but
basically on her phone he'll say she's
connected to the internet and just her
Instagram won't load and you know she'll
freak out for a minute or two
suburb okay look do this guy relevant
little Olaf bad news just don't get mad
but I think something happened to your
Instagram I hold on I pulled it up read
that sorry this page isn't available the
link you followed may be broken or the
pitcher has been removed go back to sur
this is my Instagram this way what's
happening what would you do I didn't do
anything
oh we're here to tell you what did you
do Mike dude you have 17 bill that's our
Cho Cho Cho Cho Cho Cho Cho way so it
just doesn't load or something there's
no internet connection my phones working
I have bars would you do I didn't do
anything big do you know anyone from
Instagram I might call though dude
that's your whole life all your hard
work all the boy all the booty our goal
column because it was just a pretty I
just turned off did you
what are these these are bored it looks
like piece of boxes no no this is karate
board he has a boxing match bro yeah so
he's been training I don't know if you
can do these would tho yo feel how hard
it is it's thick bro you think so no you
got the Gucci on today okay I see you I
see you yeah
don't we keep you two at the same time
though technically you did follow
through on that punch
you took it out no no so everyone's
punching it you gotta show em up bro
headbutt ng bad big fight yo couple
combo move if Mitch can do it you can do
it come on you got this
oh yes so we're basically trying to get
with the cushion oh it's one try bro you
got this that's his face right there bro
all right it's your turn now so you know
that a one inch punch like all the easy
shit already no don't try it again oh
dude I don't want you to get hurt again
don't do this to me no all my friends
I'm imagine to someone's face I want to
fight that guy really
wait wait what do you mean are you gonna
help me clean this up and there's like a
mess in the first floor - no it's not
someone needs to pick this up bro no
holdup not on the way out you go see the
first floor on the way out you'll see
the movie theater room right guys the
work wait no look at the first floor oh
I don't want to do this - he brought the
wood so he needs to clean it up like you
know what I'm saying all the tree guides
are you really about to just leave you
really about to just leave like that
okay I'll remember that
this deep undercover in my house bring
all this wood and then not even helps it
he just walked on out really mad but
luckily I know where he lives and I
could just handle it with my face it's
kind of cold outside it I don't really
have a ride there I have to walk my car
is not working I'm gonna walk there put
this hoodie on hold up
I mean he just wants to play where you
know I'm scared of dogs bro
chill out sit no must get him us get
them get your dog dig dig dig dig dig
dig oh shit oh shit oh shit oh you got
this you got in the Gucci boy come on
spider to the Gucci
go off with us go off on him oh oh oh oh
shit oh shit I don't know what's going
on oh oh oh he's dark he's tired get
hard ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding good you took a few shots to the
stomach there and you took a few shots
to the arm there all right guys remember
when Kay and desi fought I don't know if
you guys heard about it he gave me
stitches and more I mean uncle Charlie
why don't you go to a doctor likewise no
these that way are you even a doctor
yeah doctor Swingle - who's dr. sweet
word Oh actually got it bros right
though sure we actually got it but I
need to pull it out there oh my
