yo look we've just got a new house how
do we know what I like this is for oh
you said he doesn't know what that room
is for well in Philly do you need more
diversity you guys don't have any ages
in your group
Beth morning guys it is another
beautiful day out what's a day in
California there is this gaming
convention you guys know me know I enjoy
playing games and stuff so I might show
up the thing is I rather this youtuber
and like he went to like a Gary
convention I went to a convention but I
wanted to film some things for you guys
but I'm really bad at filming in public
and everything and in front of people
but I like him you know I'm not scared
to film in publishing oh yeah not these
type of conventions there's also other
gamers and I feel like you know if those
type of people don't really light with a
style that I bring so I got a flex on my
Gucci shirt all the girls are doing
anyways let's go
you're on spank we're here we're here
guys we're here I was thinking guys I
was like I can't just go in there you
know as much as I want I kind of gotta
lay low I feel I'm gonna put on a hoodie
lay low low back up the camouflage ah so
no one's gonna see me you're here in
this game
we had to take a little break they got a
little hungry so I got some rice and I
know I can't
I want to write that I want to read that
right now
just Jimmy Kimmel so where's the girls
thanks behind the chamber right now I
miss them understood I about to get a
big surprise out to base yeah she told
me on his jacket was so dope that fire I
should get my own I need my own self you
should wanna tell them the back story
behind it well what happened to the
jacket well that story I had $800 J I
have a feeling it's gonna be really
really close your eyes
alright and there she is oh my god who
keep them closed Oh Sophia Sophia what
the fuck what the fuck Sophia holidays
pops out right there girl is the best oh
my god the front
drumroll please do
Oh
is it that so fire do that is such a
dope jacket right can I put it on it's
so nasty dude that is fire oh it's nasty
right oh I'm not joking Watson it often
shows a big corrupted shit guys I'm here
I can not be hyper this
I just feel cooler you guys know that
jacket that Nick carbon worth every
single day is hanging on by the last
threat well Sophie also made that one
she just makes a ton of jacket until the
day I always wonder why does Nick wear
this shit every day and now I understand
because it's just heat like honestly
about the father
I might wear this every day but Sophie
if you're watching this thank you so
much you put your heart you put your
love and slow into this jacket I can
tell and I'm very grateful it no look
we've just got a new house all right
last night I reacted to a house it was
Jake's house it did end to that it
resulted in me did roasted don't ever
compare me to your sorry ass but look
today's a new day man Logan's way cooler
than Jake and I am just very interested
in housing and interior designing and
I'm looking to react to this for all the
guests coming through the house we got
this giant get in case we wanna slam
around recommend all right off the bat
here it is a gate that just opened
privacy is very important me living in
this house we need to step our practice
yet we need a gate we really need a game
but this is like a study
damn the acoustics with nope and
speaking of acoustics we want to
transform this into a studio a studio in
the house lucky that is something that I
need I have to leave the house to record
some heat if I could just wake up walk
downstairs reports of heat my life would
be different big door that's how we do
it around here big doors because I'm
gonna be on it that door is so sick that
door alone is better than the new team
ten house
alright the interesting this house kind
of feels like a home I feel like our
house is just looking like a hangout
spot you know I kick it you know it's
not homey but this house has that homey
feel to it right here this is like a
little wine cellar in back here do you
know what I like business for it we just
use good that we have oh you say he
doesn't know what that room is for well
if you need a roommate and I mean I feel
like you need more diversity you guys
don't have any ages of your group I mean
our house is kind of boring and if you
need so guys I'm just kidding I'm
talking for like magic of this house
lies in the backyard backyard is
top-notch I can already feel the vibe
see the thing is like our house I've
never seen an telander house this house
I've never seen anything like the vibe
of this in LA you achieve 10 house
that's like you know your average you
know rich in a wealthy family you know
raising a family in that house I've seen
plenty of houses that look like bad this
house on the other hand man this is just
something the house this is me I mean
guys the backyard
we don't even have a backyard you guys
wanna see our backyard I mean I can't
complain we give this pretty cool but
later a place where I can run around and
play with my kids
but guys I just skimmed through his
house magic we're just interested to see
what he was working with and I'm gonna
be honest this house is dope people T
I'm always hating always negative about
stuff but how much do people prosper I
feel like they deserve props and this
house is sick bro Congrats on that I
thought our house is just so lit and
high paced it's just a lot of energy and
this you can really just sit down and
relax and just be at peace
so yeah nice house I'm actually
interested to see all these other
youtubers buy houses I mean who's gonna
have the dope in town that is gonna rob
reps of the day man I actually just
finished that 20 minute you know video
on Jake whatever I put a lot of effort
and work into it and it finally turned
out really really good if since the dad
just was really just exhausted than that
I didn't feel like making a video but I
ended up dead but I believe I have
finally all out of the drama I can
finally get back to the regular regular
videos I mean I love drama and stuff you
know I'll get back into it in a few
months but I just need a little break
I'm glad to be back to you guys also a
little poor I will see you guys tomorrow
thank you thank you thank you for all
the love subscribe if you are new what
are you freakin doing during the croon
uh OCS tomorrow my pockets on it bill
I'm in the hellish my soldiers did a
hundred mill they telling me to stop
flexing
I still I read it up a lot of southern
bitches wanna
