here we go again last week I was in some
drama this dewdrops a 30 minute video on
me dish track and then you know I
respond and I also drop a diss track and
then he drops a response to my response
and I could have dropped the response
that his response to my response but
that just would've kept going it I just
had to put into it because you were just
playing out Haiti you're just making fun
of me for no reason then I would have
shown you this especially got so much
dislike so many dislikes the most
popular is video no yes that eliminated
a lot of haters aquila lated why aren't
we hearing these made-up words in your
song yeah guys are drama club elated a
lot of views and the reason why I
brought this up is because I mean Jay
Paul just roasted me you made a lot of
points in this video just taking me down
sounds a bully
you said you've made my career you said
I wanted to join Team 10 I knew you were
saying some insane insane stuff but the
top and off you call your mom and tell
her that it's your big day because this
will make you the most relevant that you
ever been I mean you say some crazy
stuff but this right here is insane how
can you think that bro the most relevant
you've been your life was when you
dropped every day Brooke we're in the
song you just Alisa and then magically I
don't know where a couple days you your
brother just started hating each other
you guys randomly just start having
internet beef but like I know brothers
do say the darndest things sometimes but
like was it really serious enough to
drop diss tracks and diss tracks and
videos about each other I mean you guys
could either just like call each other
up and squash that island up anyways
Alissa's and jake beef was actually
really not Jake just randomly just
dissed her and she was the best she
doesn't how to rap she can I mean we
made a song and it bang and then
randomly a couple days later Logan and
Jake no longer they just magically loved
each other there's another one big happy
family basically whether the drama was
real or fake you were involved in drama
that you started so for you to say this
people shouldn't be like beefing over
the internet and like going back and
forth and back in corner you really were
just fake beefing with your brother for
views when he was surrounded by all this
controversy he was you know he's six to
seven million
right and that was even long I was like
a couple months ago best word a few
Muslim he's getting three sometimes two
mil of videos on his channel was dying
and so he bought a new house to try to
revive his channel and it kind of worked
but it's not quite there yesterday's
like know what let's start some drama
lets roast rice cup and he instantly
pumps on the hatred well look Jake good
try buddy good try come in yourself you
know high five but I feel bad for you I
really do because you literally sure
just took your own advice why would
anybody stop beef with rice gum he'll
cook you up are you really dumb enough
this was Jake before you got like really
big but like you were a fan of me the
funniest thing is she was actually
spitting some facts there's a reason why
they call him rice gum why you take it
serious he does it just for fun you
still couldn't rap back that he's still
gonna rap now but a low key and that
song he was spitting some facts but
never take it out he already won oh well
what he says is mostly true that's why I
bought this room is so straight-up facts
like that is just for real though like
that's a hundred percent accurate he
knows what's up but you just understand
that in his rose video he made it seem
like he's my dad like he was above me
and all along he's been admired like
it's one thing to watch my video it's
another thing to watch the video like
and comment but Jake went out of his way
to make a song just type in me up like
that's the next level fanboy regardless
like I said Jake said some insane crazy
stuff that I feel like I deserve to
defend myself cuz that's not fair right
so just hear me out but this is gonna be
a good one he talked about how Nick and
Tessa are fat and he is body shaming
then cause now for fascinating body
shaming when I really wasn't and I'll
just explain our elevator is spacious
doors is just not that big where if two
people were to go in there it would
break you were just over capacity I'm
gonna said anyways name it I just don't
happen to not like Nick and test them
because of our past experience you know
we I have my reasons but I wasn't fat
shaming body shaming if anything I was
elevator shaming so sorry it's your
elevator
any elevators out there if anything
ma'am but nowadays Internet is very
sensitive and I could see why you know
people might see that as body shaming a
specially I mean I was joking I didn't
mean to say that but I'm sorry for doing
that no but that being said Jay call has
no room no room to call me out for this
oh it's just one muffin why not what
their body saw this type of stuff like
that would just ruin their experience at
the pool they would always try to cover
up it how do you come out and call me
out when you film these type of videos
and we treated these type of stuff I
know if he were gonna say this was the
old him this was back then on the find
these are all old tweets guys I wasn't
even gonna bring up all stuff I really
wasn't but he did it first the one
example is like the rape thing like how
can you support how can you even make
fun of that as a human being but the
thing is what I said three years ago was
unexpected she rarely caught me off
guard and I just flipped out I
accidentally said something I didn't
mean I said sorry Jake on the other hand
was purposely making these videos just
fat shaving and body shaving it wasn't
an accident he's sad that he directed it
he failed it he was a part of it he was
in it you posted it just for what to
make jokes about fat people like does
that make yourself feel cool but look
Jake also if you're a firm believer of
no fat jokes no fat shaming no body
shake if you're that much of a firm
believer that you need to call our own
dad is that your dad a grown-ass man
went out of his way to call a fan fat
you have no room to call me out for
fashion any when you've been doing it
for who whoever knows how long and we
all know who he starts to make fun of
suicide and by implying that I should
kill myself I guess I got some
explaining to do so in Jake's house tour
video he asked the viewers he asked if
you guys comment where you think and
what you think should go in different
places but guys I don't know what I want
to put in here I need your help with
this like what should I put in here does
anyone know what he doped like furniture
that size unique and cool and oh I
wouldn't just randomly tell him to put a
chair in a rope in his house but he
asked for the help and I just cracked a
really bad joke and said for decoration
put a rope there and for furniture put a
chair there but I wasn't implying Jake
to go commit suicide
tend to go commit suicide it was just it
was a reaction video and I just tried to
be funny and just did a really bad job
but did what I say encourage my viewers
to go out there and kill themselves know
did what I say increase the rate of
suicide now the guys I'm not delusional
unlike Jake when I mess up I know I mess
up and I will say your and own up to my
mistakes so with that being said I am
sorry to everyone that took offense to
my joke it wasn't even a joke it wasn't
funny at all
and I'm so sorry to everyone that took
an offense including Jake I'm sorry it's
all the families that had to suffer
because of suicide I'm sorry
deeply to you guys too for just being
very very insensitive and it's just
something that should be Joe and for you
to make fun of somebody for their
attributes that they might not be able
to control is and you need to be stopped
stop being a piece of there is more to
the world out there than bringing people
down byxis Steve in his video that like
all I do everything I put out is just
negative everything I put out is always
a roast this this this when in reality
that's not even true bro yeah I roast
people but there's two days there's
challenges there's vlogs there's music
videos like I do other stuff besides
just roast all these youtubers are
always on the same stuff like they're
always so happy only so oh I want to be
a good role model please change them a
little positive I positive and like yeah
that's cool but like I just want to be
different and surprisingly enough
there's actually people out there that
enjoy and me making roses which also
encourages me to do it even more but the
thing is I'm like kind of confused
because why is he offended did he make
that song
I lost similar to my a million
subscribers I thought that you would
understand my sense of humor why you
take you serious he does it just for fun
but they're calling me out for being a
bully and a terrible person he perceives
the same you're making fun of something
that could be out of someone's control
and everyone should feel comfortable in
their own bodies and everyone can look
however the they want I agree that is a
very very good point but how are you
gonna just say that when you've done yes
where are you from I'm from Kazakhstan
the reason but it sounds like you're
just gonna blow someone up be like send
the news that's a fan where he was from
and from the fans
so if he makes a Bob joke not only was
he born there and something that he
can't even control but dude that's
racist that's how you good cuz you laugh
like a walrus all the time it's annoying
okay not only was that kind of mean but
like that's something that she can't
control you just burst out laughing
sometimes and she was born with that
laugh and to top it all off every time
she laughed starting up in the back of
her head she's like damn should I laugh
not too loud cuz I might sound like
Lauren she's gonna be insecure and just
kind of a shake of her laughs okay so if
you're confused on this picture it kind
of looks like Jake is just telling the
kid what to say and by the editing I'm
pretty sure that's what happened genique
was really out in these streets talking
to the kid like okay okay
stagehands okay good now say still yeah
okay good good good making out making
yeah perfect perfectly with his ugly
make sure you say ugly ugly
last one girl friend girlfriend that's
all he needs to do now is get his editor
to chop it up and make it good but wait
wait let's top it all off and just put
some towels just so she knows she's a
little kid saying something savage yeah
it's funny hahaha but then again your
corner of the desert appearance she was
born that way she can't control the way
she looks
Hey look I'm not offended he was just
cracking a joke all I'm trying to say is
next time you try to call me out for
something just make sure and just
double-check that you haven't done it
yourself because it just makes you look
really dumb at the start of his rant the
tone in his voice like he just seemed
very serious and like as if he was very
sad and distressed and then all of a
sudden he just started switching EE and
this poor attempt they're trying to take
me down he also tries to add a humor
into the video like guys these are
actual words coming out of his mouth I
am his
and idubbbz is his mom's Logan and I are
your dad's we gave birth to you okay I
thought my dad was Asian wow this is a
lot to take in just give me a second to
just process this all right so he said
he was my dad right
and they said items as my mother and
then he said Logan is also my dad so
these three does I don't know how they
made for me somehow but how do I look
like this if they're actually but that's
true it looked like this I mean I'm just
confused right now but when a quake
according to his project what does that
make Logan my grandfather because your
career am i adopted I I just don't
understand but before you was shot a
minute when he called himself my dad he
was basically saying that he made me and
he's responsible for my success but wait
hold on if we add up all the videos that
you've ever made about me it equals 200
million of your views your biggest video
is because of me
I am your dad okay I only use them so
much in my videos is because I realized
that there is such a big market for anti
Jay Paul people that don't like Jay Paul
Jay Paul haters like his most popular
video has more dislikes than legs and I
instantly knew Jay Paul has more haters
than been so instant had the hop-on and
capitalize on the market and just get
all these new fans but the thing is I
understand why he's acting like he
treated me like I already had five
million subscribers before I even
roasted Jake let alone already
considered a top youtuber before he even
came into the scene and before I even
knew who you were
I was already tough at Baker's these
were all from our own videos that I just
played out did on my own I came up on my
home did you film these videos did you
edit these videos are your names in
these titles no so stop acting like you
created me and I'm gonna be honest last
year I made quite a bit of videos on
Jacob sutorius I got a ton of views off
of this kid but as of right now Jacob
Sartorius is it nearly as big as he was
last year because as Jacob went down Jay
Paul went up every year youtubers come
and go and you just so happened to be
the Jacob Sartorius this year and the
next
one more viral and more annoying that
you pop up I mean the first one to make
a video bound
get my subscribers get my viewers up and
then I'm balancing but in your video you
started comparing us you started saying
that Oh our house is this your house is
that don't ever compare me to your sorry
ass alright man he has a point you know
just because our house were you know in
the same level of coolness there is no
way I can be comparing myself to him he
has more subscribers than he has more
infused with me he makes more money than
me it's also an actor in a Disney show
so for him to say we can't compare each
other he has a point and he Loki roasted
but then after staying don't compare us
he proceeds to compare us I bought this
house with my own damn money you're
paying rent for one room Congrats on
your house it looks like something I
would want to raise a family in but as
of now I need a place where I can't rap
out of it you know buying a house is
such a big commitment and I get bored
really easily and chances are in six
months or so I will get bored of this
place and I'm gonna rent a bigger place
made a video about your Adsense earnings
let's check it out so last month I made
a roughly sixty thousand dollars if I
make sixty thousand dollars in one day I
come here to my bed and I cry myself to
sleep as a failure sixty thousand
dollars for me is a bad thing yeah I
know you make more money than me I don't
think you had to say that because
everyone watching already knew that
information you know all you had to say
was don't ever compare me to your sorry
app like that's all you had to say like
we already got the message you don't
have to keep comparing us after you say
don't compare us but anyways about the
60k thing that was about a year ago when
I was still in my mom's house you know
times have changed but like everyone
starts somewhere you know people would
kill for 60km mom some people care to
make sixty can't hear but according to
Jake's Paula logic you know I'm not on
his level but you know according in
logic I would consider 60 K a week a
very very bad week terrible week but am
I gonna cry myself to sleep over it
no because money is it what makes me
happy
is a youtuber I am in the actor a
businessman a CEO I run a multi-million
dollar company is it that serious like
she's like really getting into it guys
when I was comparing us this is all I
said this is our house at night this is
their house at night who has the cooler
house from the outside just voted in the
Congress I'm just really curious in your
video you started comparing us don't
ever compare me to your sorry ass dude
relax like is it really that serious I
was just curious this dudes over here
like spitting and shit anyways he just
keeps going on I'm a Disney Channel star
I've done Fox movies YouTube read movies
I have my own YouTube read show my page
has 3 billion views I've been doing this
for 1 year ok dude I'm gonna have to
stop you there your accomplishments are
impressive period like what you're doing
is already good already cool I don't
know why he keeps putting a time frame
on it he's actually he just magically
pops up and that is just making a 60
cams and like he just keeps saying it
took him a year he did all this stuff in
a year you made a song just fanboy to me
and sucking me off a year and a half ago
like that alone is already over a year
not to mention rewind three years back
you were already actively trying on
YouTube and posting vlogs not bad he
wasn't ready I've been doing this for
one year but even before that your
brother was already big on fine and
that's how you started out on fine and
they proceeded to make Instagram videos
Facebook videos who are already getting
views and followers like I didn't know
you back then I wasn't a fan back then
but like this is all public knowledge
dude damn near have put so many years
into this so you have so many people
around you constantly helping you you
have a character we have a team that
edits your videos you've been in LA for
like years now honestly which means
you've been developing connections and
you have more resources like you work
your way up and you deserve all the
things you have because you work for it
but it did not take you a year so please
just please stop saying that and then
not only that though he perceived the
slander and disrespect my name you've
been a youtuber like since I can
remember as long as you can remember why
did this guy maybe to see like I've been
grinding my whole life so let's go back
and look at some of my first days this
was actually my first viral video and
this video was actually posted before
this video which didn't go viral sadly
but this was a thank you for
okay that was posted after which means I
didn't have 50k in the time I think I
had like 10k and for people that make
videos they know starting out from
nothing and just start out brand new on
a new platform it is literally almost
impossible like a few video before my DS
kids must be stopped I literally said
but as this video gets 2,000 tons up by
tonight
I was literally asking for two thousand
likes I'm getting two million now that
shit was nothing I came up so let's
clarify I went from nothing to eight
male in under two years I built a name
for myself through the bottom of YouTube
do or the other hand had a famous
brother you were doing fine so you doing
Instagram you were doing Facebook videos
and then you transferred your fanbase
you already built to YouTube so we're
gonna make it seem like I'm the one that
has been grinding my whole life and
you're the one that just magically pops
off in one year and it's ridiculous
because in reality you're the one that
has been doing this shit longer than me
this whole video that's because systems
just Jake saying the most craziest
things but wait it doesn't stop there he
just keeps going it's crazy how you guys
want to copy up and create your little
Club dance is when was starting a team
and bring it together youtubers to form
a group your idea I don't know what the
first person to do this was but it
definitely wasn't you because do you
know what madcon is we're all dividers
join together to form a group or faze
clan a group of just gamers do you know
all come together or sideman david
dobrik screw like the list goes on the
only thing that separates team 10 from
all these other groups is you guys just
have more fans that's it you guys are
doing the same exact formula there's a
proven formula to work and it just makes
making content a lot easier make growing
a lot easier you guys are all sharing
failures are all to elaborate but the
thing is you claim that team 10 is like
one big happy family
when ELISA used to be in team ten and
she told me everyone in t10 hates you
they despise you they're just a rowdy to
get their followers how a gang is all my
friends I'm living in a house with my
friend there's no leader there's no head
boss no one takes orders from anyone
meeting banks had a vision so that's why
we started up clapping but we're not
leaders we're not above anyone like
we're all equals we're all friends
Melissa told me what team 10min you
actually even said this in an interview
but it used to be named ten digit
entertainment or sunlight a ten digit
media some random stuff they switches
over the team template Anna and team ten
represents ten digits and there's ten
digits in one billion dollars and the
main goal is for Jake's company team
tend to be worth 1 billion dollar one
day simply only cares about his money
he's doing all this team stuff just for
the money which is okay because that's
his life I mean that's his business like
I like money too
don't say we copy you guys when you guys
weren't even the first ones to do it on
top of that our goals and motives are
just completely different Klout and
cloudy egg like don't Google it the
actual definition means power and
influence that's what we care about
that's what motivates us it is now a
popular slang word that represents
followers and Internet activity I love
making videos because it is fun and also
might have a voice people actually
listen to the things I say the things I
say actually affect people in a good way
or sometimes even in a bad way and
that's why Jake is maddening that's
called influence I don't care about a
10-digit or making a billion dollar
company I am driven solely off of power
and influence you are driven solely off
of money
stop saying we are trying to copy we are
naive in the same
I'm not sure you guys notice but
throughout that whole video it was just
filled with manipulation and if you are
a bryan lee supporter like i feel sorry
for oh no guys should call feels bad for
us we were you know doing Brian Lee
supporters there is more to the world
then dragging people down and being
negative that won't get you anywhere
that won't get me anywhere I mean it got
me somewhere there is more to the world
and it's not too late to literally join
a positive youtuber and change your
mindset I'm like you really tries to
like target my viewers in my fan base he
says right stuff is very very negative
stop supporting them right now
go support someone positive he's trying
to make everyone turn against me you
guys need a change of mindset or you're
gonna live your life just being filled
with hatred why is this guy telling my
fans what to do he's not saying like yo
you guys should you know change my cell
life he is really saying you need to
change your mindset in life where you
will be filled with hatred if you are
awareness March
that means you support all of this
negativity and all that bad stuff which
makes you mad cool in my book once again
if you guys wear my merch it's not
because you guys like me as a person or
like my music it's not as you like the
actual clothes it's because you support
all of this negativity and all that bad
stuff guys he is literally saying stop
by Rice's Murphy come by my brush
because I'm positive what is wrong with
you if you are a Bryan fan it is not too
late to become a jig parlor to switch to
the good side to change your life around
for the better change your life for the
better okay
are you kidding me right now this was
what it was all about in the first place
it is clear now your view started
dropping so you started dropping with me
to get more views and then you try to
manipulate my fans so you can gain
that's what this is all about bro there
is enough views for everyone I'm not
selfish you guys can like Jake and you
can also like me you can watch his vids
and also watch my vids and also watch
Jacob Satori's because you can watch
whoever you want Jake is the one thing
that there's two sides a good side a bad
side negative positive you know it's not
too late to switch over guys because
sorry like I'm not about to tell you
guys who to support or who did not
or like I don't care and the funny thing
is he literally calls all my fans not
cool in my book but you're gonna live
your life just being filled with hatred
Brian Lee supporters there is more to
the world than being negative which
makes you not cool in my book then I
don't know where readily he's telling
those same execs fans and he was just
bashing on to go subscribe to him it is
not too late to become a dick pala I
think that I'm really confused about as
he claims to be so much bigger and it's
so much richer than me but he's still
trying to stay relevant through drama
and through me
look guys youtubers come and go every
year Jim you killed it during summer you
were ever here on headlines you were
causing so much controversy you were
having so much reckless behavior you
were dropping songs that they were
blowing up your head all this hype
around you but when the hype started
dying down you noticed the decline I
mean you dropped the song and I seem
like you've been a lot of work into the
audio into the music video I need you
now all this productive you're on a boat
you casted all your fans or in the
background I did 10 million views in a
month and a half like your Jay Paul dude
that's the type of stuff you cry
yourself to sleep to now you have me on
the other hand where I just dropped a
song last week it's already at 19
minutes already more than you in a week
and guess what it wasn't about you and
also a couple days ago Jake tweet at me
where he was claiming to be my dad or
something I replied and just looking at
the activity of the tweets like come on
Jay Paul is bigger than ever but as of
now he has old news and the family can
sit there and act like she almost and
he's like my dad is ridiculous
when this dude is my biggest fan when
he's not done yet there is more this kid
Brian Lee who has this platform where he
promotes negativity Jake Pollard's we
need to stand up against this we're
changing the world for the better that's
the type of stuff that brine should be
using his platform horse how is he gonna
tell me how to use my platform
apparently guys if you don't use the
platform the same exact way he does it's
the wrong way it's bad and wait wait a
minute did you just say who is cheating
in the world we're changing the world
for the better
we're changing the world for the better
we're changing the world for the better
we're changing the world for the better
we're changing bro I'm not you you could
go out and change the world and do all
this good stuff that's you why don't I
have to do that I just want to make
people laugh why can't I just make you a
laugh and then he proceeds to say you're
setting a terrible example for every kid
who watches your video I'm a terrible
example apparently no Jake you can be a
good role model example the kids you can
don't change the world that's your stuff
why do I have to do that I just want to
make people laugh why are you tubers
health at such high past I was like
we're all wrong I am just an ordinary
kid that sits in my room and talks to a
camera by myself with the light pointing
on my face like that's what I do
I don't have any life advice or
inspirational stories for you guys I
signed up for this shit to make people
laugh not to be a good role model so
Jake stop try them and dip away people
to tell them that there's a right or
wrong way to use their platform like no
I'll do whatever the fuck I want but I
could have sworn you use your platform
to try to ruin someone's career you like
put his arm out like this you like wash
your breath yeah like he knocked the
wind out of me and I looked up at him
and I realized immediately that it was
banks and you use your platform to
falsely accused my roommate of assault
that was door phone you should have got
more facts and proof I don't know how
you're trying to change the world with
your platform what you're doing shit
like that but that guy that's gonna wrap
it up I believe this is the part where I
stayed now I'm mad and go to the studio
and make a diss track but like I already
made one on him and it just wouldn't
make sense I actually saw this on
Twitter and like people want us to fight
it and I'm not really a violent person
so I don't know what to say about this
like it's just awkward I don't know what
to do so I guess I'll just end it right
here it's already been such a long video
I highly doubt anyone's act on this
whole entire video and watch to the end
but the real real support is there so
little comments surfboards so people are
just confused
anyways you meet today it makes you guys
stop Ally thank you for all the support
you guys are the best and I will see you
guys tomorrow
humming still beats my pockets full of
honey bill I'm in the hell bitch my
soldiers did a hundred mill they telling
me to stop flexing but I'm standstill I
ran it up a lot of southern bitches
wanna chill hey who does crawls out your
little cave but I can tell that you a
little gay somebody stop the school
shooter you look good with range speak
on my name when I wish I put you in the
grave
