are you guys want to know more about us
on the daily so I tweeted out ask rice
and stuff for questions you guys will
study the mad question there's a lot of
sexual ones which is appropiate we have
kid fans okay lower just into it that's
what you see as rice and summer ever
swab of your nose that's inappropriate
but there was this one time
hey stop slobbing on my knob I can't
wear plans in case you lose your
favorite won't have all that money me
I'll probably just be an uber driver
that's pretty easy you know they've made
pretty good money on how much she has a
lot of options honestly if you ever may
I get a follow back from both of you
role models I mean I really usually
don't follow people back but since you
asked nicely that's right if the quiz is
a quizzical what is a test testicle how
do you do any right so you know some
people say they ignore it they don't
look at it but I like to read it I'm
like if he thinks I'm ugly annoying all
this you know I just try to make myself
a better person so I use it the healthy
comments help me you feel me know what
you know what I feel that I really feel
you know the hardest thing about having
on this thing for me all the bitches on
my dick my girl no not today money I
mean I can't relate do you ever get
distracted by summers booty no I'm
really gonna focus sake sometime Oh guys
it's already happening already cut the
camera it's just not don't it says big
you you read it wrong thank you so much
Oh kids at home wrap it up you need to
wrap it up seriously because our friend
Fraser have you seen the colour is
pissed
that video of you Pig yeah he wants to
see it I'm quite another
yeah he's chilling Nelson wrap it up
anyways that's gonna wrap it up thank
you so much for making today mm you guys
one party like nobody answered that many
questions there was too many questions
too many sexual ones I don't know okay
okay okay thank you subscriber so I'll
see you guys tomorrow
salut back in for summer right yeah yeah
it's like just like me it's like our own
little talk show and like we I do read
children and it's like they wait for the
video and we go and we like go do fun so
big'uns but they can like say we boring
I'm in the Hills bitch my soldiers did a
hundred mill they telling me to stop
flexing when I'm still I ran it up a lot
of southern bitches wanna chill Hey
crawl down to little cave but I can tell
that you a little gay somebody stop the
spore shooter you look killer range
tweak on my name little fish I put you
in the grave
