we should go on our first elevator ride
together come on Nathan get in here good
morning everybody
two days in a row people keep telling me
they're telling me all the rice will
post every day it's not right yet so my
past debris fields I haven't seen a lot
of dislikes and look at this seven steps
stop watching my videos if you're gonna
dislike all right I'm sick of it I mean
literally sick of it so stop with the
dislikes right now right this instant I
just look up which will explain the bad
hair and the bad face on the bed she
just made the bed I just ran all over it
right now I'm actually getting my
windows tensity because you know I can't
even sit here and enjoy the view because
there's always people just camping out
there looking up at the window I don't
have privacy you know there's all these
tinted it up but look guys look look
look look look my room it bays banks
this is birthday in two days my boy
banks my roommate is his birthday in two
days right which means I need to get the
boy impressed I don't know what to get
him I really don't should I get some
merch thank you so yesterday spirit
again I saw me talk about the new work
who did this guys it is just glossy but
it wasn't always that cool like this was
the first sample guys as you guys can
see it's not even shiny you know I mean
and I was like we can't be heaven but no
that's not really that good of a press
that's my roommate that's my boy I gotta
get up so I'm good oh I'm about to go
out in the world I need to take a shower
do all this stuff and then you know I
can go in the real world but I didn't
get my boy gifts are signs don't bet
injure like two days ago because late
after that I went to go shopping to buy
baby something and I was thinking like
dude Bates watches all my videos you
watch all my videos he's gonna know that
I bought it I wanted to make it a
surprise so that's why I didn't post in
the last two days but look guys look
this is birthday right now go tell him
happy birthday but I just surprised them
yeah it makes his birthday who wants to
go first finish to go first
Oh david batchelor pass and his kind of
like my turn my turn
nice I don't know what to get literally
has everything cuz if there's something
he wants it just doors out and buys it I
mean me if I were to buy myself a
birthday present I wouldn't even know
what to get because I have everything I
want
yeah man banks man great guy I wish I
got I'm selling with more sentimental
value but it was kind of last second so
I just bought some real quick but I saw
he had these new dogs whatever whatever
they're eating out this ordinary no dog
bowl I was laying one up I have a rare
supreme dice a rare these are gonna be
hard to find
as a new house I didn't see you there
welcome to my crib come on in so we
start off here in the grand foyer ye so
many balls odd man were five seconds
into the house where he's already
cracking these crazy jokes it looks like
a nice big house I want to see the whole
tour but I don't know if I can sit
through this whole whole Christmas so we
make our way to this area over here did
you skip the elevator I don't think so
we have an elevator it's coming right
now give it to them in any house where
the elevator just makes the house
automatically cool the thing is though
their house is only two floors right
it's like take the stair our house has
eight floors so sometimes we're up and
down it's like kind of hard so we can
elevator y'all got two floors boy get
your lazy ass now guys I want to
introduce you to something that we're
gonna do we want your help
building this flippin house I don't know
what to decorate guys comment where you
think and what you think should go in
different places oh you're the baby city
needs our help building his house I mean
I'm really good at interior designing
offense guys he needs our help family I
got you boy here we go
these you're gonna put a rice go poster
right there all right boom like a fridge
maybe they put a microwave on top and
then a rope hanging down with like the
swirly thing and they're like a chair
underneath just right around there
somewhere yeah
washers dryers all types of cleaning
supplies yeah I see one washer and one
dryer
he said wash it with a test there was
only one washer one dryer now we're
moving again into the gym area check
this thing out guys walk in the view and
the view is pretty nice I mean our view
is like up the hill so that's also cool
too but I'll give it to them it's pretty
dope view I got this cutesy little toe
check what was that yeah you made it a
lot less cute than it was I'm gonna give
you all that outside household mega
flippin mansion tour baby
so we have a fifty flippin car parking
lot with this giant beautiful statue I
shall call him Bob hey Bob
good morning Bob I don't like how you
just touch this but Bob is a real person
yes Phillies do you just get cuffs on
rabbit and touch their butt like that
yeah that sexual assault is not cool man
Bob that's feelings all right I'm gonna
take you around this way on the side of
the house we got more patio space you
got the pool hot tub there's a hot tub
up there mommy got more space all types
of space we got big spaces little spaces
and check out this pool we have water
for games right guys yes pretty big yard
yes two pools really have one pool
I'll give him props I don't know where
anyone is but I thought we should go on
our first elevator ride together yes
come on neighthan get in here
okay you know good kill with it up
that's not an elevator you guys watching
elevator I'll show you guys an elevator
bed this is an elevator I didn't even
fit them no but all serious is that's a
real elevator I don't know what their
 contraption they were call it
an elevator but that's not an elevator
like I'm telling you if Tessa and Nick
cops and half of that would break I
mean is just over capacity not before I
think it's pretty dope that I have like
a lot of yard space is just maneuver and
they have two pools we don't have one so
I'll give them props on that I'm
honestly curious how much is their house
even worth I really don't want to expose
their address but like same with origins
and nowadays everything is on the
Internet
on Google I really should be hard to
find the cost of this here we go boom
7.3 million dollars that is a lot of
money my house is like 13 or 14 minute I
forgot but like it doesn't really make
sense it confuses me because like our
house and the team in house is like the
same bigness and likewise our house so
much more expensive appreciate like
location I guess the team house is like
really far I don't know being in the
hills in like the center of LA might you
know playing a factor out on but let's
just scrap all the price tag all the
houses alright that's the god question
this is our house at night this is their
house at night this is our hospital
morning their house in the morning Oh
how's the courthouse from the outside
clausura team town's just voted in the
comments I'm just really curious a day
or my feelings I just want to know
honest to god think about our house
stuff before you guys vote there's like
in the law now that just got passed it
out late well you can't build a house
that's like that high on then it was
like four storehouses like a legal not
to build right so this house was like
built before the law was placed away
there's no other house like this era
 is blast ya guys know honestly I
just want to know I want my footage
because like I didn't today this even
matter who has the cooler house because
I know youtubers are just make a dope
content out of like a freaking apartment
but I don't like their mom's house you
know I'm saying I'm just really honestly
just curious I comment below it will
hurt my feelings other than a man it's
about who you surround yourself around
if your squad is consisted of this and
and this to answer him back no no you
can't put him see they they put us in
their titles okay then the house is
about to be whacked because all those
guys are relevant now they are relevant
irrelevant you're relevant because the
relevant
Gabbie show another pretty irrelevant
youtuber I guess I'll learn some new
words irrelevant
I'm in the hell bitch my soldiers did a
hundred mill they telling me to stop
slicing but I'm still I ran it up a lot
of southern bitches wanna chill a little
can tell that you a little gay somebody
stop the spool shooter he'll do it range
speak on my name when I wish I put you
in the grave
