hi guys long day of filming me I just
can't wait to go to sleep wake up make
my music video public and this all be
over with no I've been working on this
come here come here I'm about to make a
puppet
all right now it says private bitch has
no view no views here we go about the
public's is it Ross man the moment
we at the barbershop right now wait a
bit no we're not what the and we have to
cram barber pulled up my houses get a
chef soup as of now the home is cooking
up race going on over there and over
here that low-key looks good sprinkles
on your chicken broth yeah no but I'll
just top it off though like he'll be
good no wait so we're about to go to the
mall you want to come with us I am there
to protect you my man yeah I do because
people have been hate on me lately so I
didn't need to take you everywhere so I
don't get a jumped or anything
laughs guys the past week have been so
long that I miss my friends I haven't
seen a lot I was literally just stuck in
my room and like this battle bit you
know I was just doing like the flash mob
out here I'm shy honestly don't know how
people do it I spend that much time on
what video guys I make a lot of promises
but this time I'm honestly being posted
every day star now tired of all this
drama I'm just glad to be back making
videos that I actually do it
hi guys just go home from the mall I
don't know if I should do it now freely
in 4 hours I should really call this for
my last music video Rezanov misery my
sings were bumping it as dope there was
a bit of haters - that makes me sad are
you guys death Dom's - yeah I mean
everyone has different taste in music
totally understandable but right now at
this moment don't like what should I do
I'm just really bored I'm just you know
what I don't think there's ever been a
better way to inflate your own ego than
fabricating your own genius video so you
have an excuse to explain your lyrics
this isn't a joke this is a real thing
my second Reggie is about to break down
all the meaning to my song all that
stuff I love you guys for watching this
man and check it out a 30 minute of it
I'm who you're obsessed with you look
like your sister's the girl that you
have sex with do you get the message on
Twitter thread rate we should get this
guy arrested so the first line here is
this guy he made like a 30 minute video
I mean I mean that's a lot of no time
into that you know one project so he's
kind of obsessed with me I'm just
playing around with that the second line
I mean I'll just let this clip explain
it
flexin can we get these sheep out my
message how can I be mad bitch I sleep
and a mentioned try to hold me back when
I keep on advancing after this guy's
talk like that next bonus video whatever
man he just had like a herd of just
random people that just blindly hate on
me you know because I'm cheap because
they just flat like it like they don't
care what anyone says
any explanation any anything they're
just we're gonna blindly hate on someone
and I feel like they just hang on me
just you know make me man made me pissed
off but I'm just trying to say like how
can I be mad like I sleep in a mansion
I'm coming still bitch my pockets filled
with hunted bills I'm in the Hills bitch
my song just did a hundred mil they
telling me to stop flexing but I'm
standstill I ran it up all of a sudden
bitches wanna chill yes / R know what
this mean that you keep telling me stop
flexing this or this man I'm still
flexing man but you know I'm gonna just
not be as obnoxious but look man all of
a sudden people just want to hang out
you know back there but I didn't really
have much no one want to hang out all of
a sudden now they want to hang out so
that line was kind of directed towards
that - hey you done it curled got your
little cave you got a girl but I can
tell that you a little gay so what are
you stop - school shooter he like fill
with raid speak on my name little bitch
I put you in the grave yeah you know
just classic you know shit talking and I
tried to keep up with the flow it
sounded good but you know just know just
typical you know trash talking stuff in
the rain I see stars like I'm Kate Oh
bitches chase me I've got no time to
chase hose for the Sun I was gonna make
our weight though but like age three I
had to let the wake up okay look like
age three no he's kind of over
let the weight go and me being a rapper
with a song I had to let the weight go
because people were waiting for the song
studying I was playing on words man you
know police serve you with very high IQ
kids process then I remember I was
broken I couldn't dress a lot came up
from nothing little bitch that's what I
flex a lot I keep seeing comments like
place no stop state you're broke too
were never broke we had a nice house you
had this you had badly guys I almost
broke I mean how many zero dollars to my
name means you're a brony Knight
immediately I was eating ramen noodles
every night did you guys see my ice cube
sandwich tutorial yo what is up guys
it's your boy ray stop Wow let's just
smells a baby so I like to be kind of
greedy a true and this is what it should
look like man kids and after I went to
kill for this like this just looks got
the sandwich it was literally struggling
bra has arrested my neighbor I didn't
have a job at anything my mom I mean it
had her money and no house but that
wasn't my stuff I was I was broke bro
but I'm living in the hills now yeah he
used to get picked on he a big nerd he
ain't got no plans he confuses you with
big words he says studying me for months
like a mentor hey cuz it cop can you get
off my dick sir now this is just
straight full-on man I feel like
sometimes I don't get enough crappy
Pilar always hated dude I'm a youtuber
I'm doing this type of quality for a
youtuber no one is on my level
you know I know tone it down yeah I'm
yellow on a fly call me Big Bird
they trying to start to see far like
September trying to roast me in the
comments but remember how do you go
support a guy that proudly says the
n-word obviously explain the whole thing
then yeah I'm yellow and I like his bird
flies this guy's yellow like big bird
I'm yellow agent okay and this starts
off on September line
roasted leafy of ten and they start
falling off and everyone is saying I'm
about to fall off so they want to be
fall the start of September is when fall
hits you know I'm saying that's the plan
word and the last line men we're like
how are you gonna support this guy man
nigger nigger faggot nigger faggot
nigger faggot same nigger I read it fast
I feel like the flash you know because
it only really took me like a couple
months to make a name for myself in like
a year and a half to really pop off like
that's kind of fast and I responded fast
so I feel like the flash you can see
he's getting mad bringing up the past if
she stop is next but you get fat all
right guys I kind of feel bad because
there's nothing wrong with being fat as
needed a line that rhymes and sounded
good at the time that sounded really
good but I'm sorry and actually was just
in the video you know there was the part
of a plan to take me down and in fact I
was mad at the time pull out pretty but
I just the fuck em in the ass
humming still beats my pockets full of
honey bill I'm in the hills bitch my
soldiers did a hundred mill they telling
me
I still I read it up a lot of southern
bitches wanna chill hey you crawled out
your little cave but I can tell that you
a little gay
somebody stop the school shooter here
let's do it range tweak on my name when
I wish I put you in the grave
