let's go back for another video this is
three days in a row with only two days
in a row but come on like be happy for
me there's no fuss in a day you know I
really didn't have a video idea on this
chair still squeaking Oh Oh guys since I
didn't have a video idea instance that
love the feel that we made you guys seem
to really love it I decided to bring her
back you're gonna upset but like what
should we film I really don't have an
idea today I mean we did you know I mean
maybe ourselves but like YouTube
nowadays like people really like like
sexual content I don't know like don't
ask me it's not my idea like do you know
why but anyways I was actually thinking
like there's this very popular game
called for tonight I'm not a gamer I
really don't think it's like a shooting
game I don't know why it's so popular
but the game is popular it's not it's a
popular gateway you know of it though
she live in a rope table I was checking
out YouTube in that game gets so much
views and like might get and my views
are like kind of going down a little bit
like don't tell anyone so we need to
play this game but wait there is more
how about every time I get a kill okay
okay I'm not good at the game you're
where is like a big jacket Bend and I'm
like there's no way like come on like to
shine - shoes - so I get one game I'm
not gonna the game I'm at you - I'm not
youtuber I don't have time to be playing
games I got other things to do and if I
win then we play one game of strip for
die if I win oh here we go
I'm gonna go all right if I die it's
over so I mean it just me but every
penny only one time every kill I didn't
take a piece of clothing are you dead
yes or no I need your concern we're
gonna get a look we're gonna get a lot
of views on this beer relax a flagon
already okay I'll plug it up Tigers
don't let me down right here up on the
bus right a bit have you ever been
skydiving I mean not blink you just say
nothing like what they drop you off in
the sky yeah well I'm about to go
skydiving right now guy oh yes I have to
start it's like lean on that first and
then I can start after
that he's in this house do you better
stay what's going on got to go visit
loathing I guess I just got a kill I did
I just got a can't it
Usami shotgun sami shotgun oh come on no
no no let's take off it like jacket the
jacket yeah exactly
I just another kid oh come on I just got
another kill I just got another kill
you know I just got another kill what is
that 3/4 cup take off another piece of
clothing you just have to she just has
to balloon up one earring it doesn't
count
how is a day at this point now where are
the colors video boring oh oh the game
don't call it be bored hold on hold on
way so not the guys are mourning a poor
I know I did you I need to heal up I
really do do what do I have
did you see that no you need to take up
another one let's go that's what I need
to relax
I just go so I think you should take
some but I don't know who invites a
guest over it doesn't even offer them
water ok I get it
guys I'm doing this for you guys man if
I'll get hurt down to the you know naked
then I failed
why well you don't give use I mean
basically like you know like I just
don't understand why they put that
character too little I picked her oh yes
I just got another chill will yeah yeah
yeah I did I did
wait I got two kills right there
I did yes no no I got it before that
time I got I got it before
yeah she has no idea what's going on and
it's pretty funny but yeah I can't
believe I have 10 kills that you still
have clothes on like I gotta kill get me
I gotta kill you don't upset I gotta
kill I got it kill it
do guys updated ugly I swear I'll be
nervous guys there you go she cooks you
got it okay
yeah that's making sure because I
thought she's I find so many kills I
don't know how you're not butt-naked yet
but that's none of my business
it's 48 degrees
oh did you see Black Panther because you
just did that like cross on your chest
how are you not make it I don't
understand why you have so many
accessories
I gotta focus the games almost over kami
I gotta go I'm not lying to you yeah
sure does not paying attention I swear
all right what do you
I made I don't know what to tell you I
don't you signed up for this I didn't
know I was going to get 13 jokes like I
did raise my hand I don't know how I'm
doing this I'm not me no it was it
okay
no no good I need to much other issues
must be fun let's go it's over oh I got
a kill but it's over okay
well guess what here we go guys guys I
failed
like so as a human I should've got more
kills I should have got more jails what
am i doing guys no wait can i play one
more game
No one more game but yeah guys I'm not
really familiar with these gaming time
visit you guys enjoyed if you want more
for that videos let me know my friend
you already know Cammy in the crib you
know I'm saying anyways I am upset
because I couldn't get more kills thank
you I don't know how you guys enjoy
these gaming time bills if you guys did
drop a like g9
