oh god not again no I'm so uh no no it's
take place wait oh my god I can just
flicks on her yes
oh I'm riches I have a lot of like cool
clothes and a house in the hills and I'm
like famous too oh shit just type in
rice I should just pop up I mean I just
type in our I mean I should pop up
that's me right there I'm failures and
it looks like you're losing a lot of
subscribers what
if you guys are nowhere I don't drop the
contact top of it in that video you put
trays me I was like this money hungry I
only care about money I only care about
Fame and myself I'm very boastful and
bragging and flexing to everyone and
ever since you took that video I've been
getting a ton of hay that the scene
cosmic rice it's over you can't come
back after this just give up there's no
point and even if that was the case even
if it was over my career's over like I
owe it to my true fans that just put up
a fight and just sit here and not reply
with that being said there's a lot of
things I want to talk about and since he
made a dish tracking me that's kind of
what I started and you know kind of what
I do he kind of like stole that for me
so I feel like it's okay that I can you
know steal the way he structures his
videos so ever since he Trump's his race
dumb expose video or whatever I've been
losing Stassi and dicks like everyone
say my career is falling off all this
stuff and fuck it no I'm the one that
asked for this you would think I'm like
kind of scared to lay low a little bit
but no guys like I'm not nervous I'm not
scared at all
I actually kind of I don't really I mean
that video a year ago and YouTube was
like Dan and I was just trying to stir
up some controversy that's about time
and I took a year but I finally got my
content calm no I'm not serious it was a
really good video I mean you gotta give
credit where credit is due the purpose
of a YouTube video is to be funny
entertaining the video was funny
entertainment was really long he did his
research he put a lot of time he got
Beauty planet there was a dish he just
really went hard and you just gotta give
him props for
the third has been around his first main
point the first thing he talks about
right you could easily put it at the end
of the video but you know some people
might not watch the full video right so
he'd made sure to put this at the start
of the video so everyone sees it right
you should show the clip of you saying
the rape comment why he raped you
nah but did it feel good how long did
the rape last for all right I literally
cringe every time I watch this but the
thing is like this is kind of old news
they are the Browse game roasted for
this like a year ago I hate some people
because they do stuff like this because
he lost a rape victim exposing rice gum
for mocking a girl who was raped and
making fun of the rape victim on stream
but just in case you don't here's the
clip this is something new it I get why
other youtubers know maybe a fan because
they might you know really take this
great thing seriously and it is serious
but out of everyone I know should not be
the one calling me out for it
rape is good like I know I fucked up but
like items really out of everyone to
call me out this guy calls me out he has
no room to talk but guys like I said I'm
sorry I don't know what else I have to
do you guys want me to like go back in
time and like reverse the work as I've
already said stories is a girl that said
something pretty rude or whatever I just
wanted to call you and say sorry you
know I didn't mean to say that I
probably shouldn't have said what I said
it should have been more mature about it
yeah I mean I I don't really remember
you saying anything like that like
better remember that was like you know
bad really it's okay I mean I'm not even
really tripping I knew you're joking
around like the entire time like that's
just a near nature you know what if
she's not mad why are you guys mad but
anyways I guess sorry is it enough I
mean I guess I really fucked up but I
can still fix this guys
are you Richard yeah Murray yeah bro but
never did it
are you I'm great I've never been better
ah thank you for coming out Leila's
pretty last second you came through but
you remember that one time when we were
like live shooting yeah yeah and you
said something about it was like two
years ago why do you still remember but
uh I mean I said or you said something
you got raped because messages you don't
just to all the rape victims out there
and it's just like it wasn't funny so he
shows a lot of like old livestream clips
from like two to three years ago and at
this point it's getting annoying man I
just need to talk about bro she'll let
me Piper shit Deborah she definitely
wants to fuck me bro she low-key gossip
- I think she's 16 to 15 I go lie bro
she got some titties on her breath now
but did it feel good so I just a live
stream on this website like two or three
years ago and on that website BC all it
was was just people that played video
games and they were alive sir mean
honestly it was kind of boring as
everyone did the same thing they sat
there and just play the video games and
being a small conflict trainer I mean
you guys know it's so hard to grow you
know starting out so you had to be
different I could either sit there and
play games and you know b-boy or I could
sit there play games and just call
random girls and make people laugh and
that's exactly what I did but one year
straight I stand my room for like three
to four hours is live-streaming and
there's endless hours of clips online I
mean you showed a lot of Trin G stuff
because I mean that was me from high
school but like I couldn't even imagine
all the things I was saying what was the
last time you got dick last night hole
is that what you're asking I told you
that we should have done this we do the
cleavage
there's the cleavage
damn son I wish I see her titties but
hey you know who this is all my friends
make fun of me because I'm like don't
know sports players again
and Kobe Bryant okay I was gonna say
that when you want kids I still don't
want kids I'm gonna just have to put
what inside of you then you know what
like I just found out today when you get
plastics k pretend if you get like
plastic surgery right if you have a baby
the baby won't have plastic surgery Oh
what no but did it feel good though I
was literally streaming for three to
four hours every day I was on crying
about it you know sometimes a lot of
things on this day were just plain out
stupid but sometimes do they just
slipped out accidents do happen I mean
look at your homie pooty-poo
what a fucking nigger does that make him
a racist does that mean he hates all
black people no he was just on live
streamis slip down he obviously didn't
mean to say it I saw beautiful I get a
lot of hate I'm just like you should've
just Chris on from all their
achievements there's just something they
said on accident I'm not saying all my
bad Street flips are accent I mean most
of them are just me cracking jokes and
had the time when I was 17 18 I mean I
thought I was hilarious and all my
viewers at the time thought it was
hilarious
I mean idubbbz has jokes to where his
viewers know that he's drunk they are
very fucking stupid to hold the word
nigger at this colossal II high standard
oh it's a single piece of paper that
says nigger faggot nigger faggot nigger
faggot I haven't heard that one in a
while nigger faggot
okay well that one's just I mean it's
not racist it's just gay because black
people don't own own any businesses so
that's for any of you who think me and
my subscribers are a bunch of savages
just get a load of how perfectly the
word nigger faggot is written in this
limp none of this viewer gets offended
because like they know he's joking and I
know he's joking but like everyone's
different we are very fucking stupid to
hold the word nigger at this colossal II
high standard dear gay retard slash
nigger faggot
what's up nigga oh it's a single piece
of paper that says nigger faggot black
people don't own own any businesses so
that's another piece of paper that says
nigger faggot food is not against you
but were you talking about
fuckers with a fucking day nigga the
point I'm trying to make is two years
ago I had that high school humor around
well as John I was just making stupid
jokes but I understand why people got
offended because people take offense to
different things sorry for all the shit
I was saying two years ago how I saw it
was like this was just the content I had
to make to work my way to the top I'm
not ashamed of any of these old clips
because I mean this was me back in
highest crime and this is just kind of
what I had to go through the only thing
though the one thing I'm ashamed of
just one thing out of everything just
that one time I slipped up once again
I'm sorry I don't know what else to do
I'm sorry I'm just really sorry but
anyway I mean I haven't seen in three
years what have you been up to have
issues for three years okay
okay what are you doing now
wait I actually will pull in my house
and I don't know if it's like sturdy
it's me kind of like no one uses it I
mean in heels fucking superstars feeling
like a pop star drinking any bad bitches
jumping in the pool anang I don't know
bro
so here's that this D some of my very
old content that no I guess to see and I
feel like we should go back and check
out some of my doubled fist because I
mean who knows I mean let's go babies
YouTube channel let's show you on this
first Youtube vid here we go right here
first youtube video boom
hello everyone and welcome back to more
kickstarter crap he just said welcome
back from where this is his first video
does that mean he deleted his first
video i remember you've been a lot of
jokes about leafy be insecure because he
was hiding his chancers I can secure my
his Chin's below I love her just thrown
up dang side you see because if you're a
pussy and you're hiding your putrid
malformed chin behind your hand you're
showing people that you are extremely
self-conscious so apparently is insecure
because he's hiding his chin which makes
a lot of sense but like is I don't
delete his videos hiding something from
us because he's insecure lies Far Cry 3
Blood Dragon deus ex human defiance 8
bit and a bunch of other freakin lies
there's a pretty good dichotomy between
like all that geometric shapes like I
went to a convention and I enjoyed
myself I just did a lot of walking
around but I wanted to film some things
for you guys but I'm really bad at
filming in public and everything and in
front of people tentacle sort of arms oh
my gosh oh no no no no no I'm closely oh
I'm dead curse once he says freakin he
was reviewing billions he was playing
video game now all I saw is it's like
this you know badass roaster guy but
like I guess after all he's just a sweet
and sa gamer I'm not bringing up all
these old tips to make him look bad
I'm just a everyone changes as a person
and as a convict trader your content is
gonna change what your personality right
so if you're gonna hang it on me for who
I was two years of those unsubscribe
because you don't dam mode you're not
the same person you were two years ago
so another main point that I'd up is
made it seem like it really bothered him
but apparently I flex too much he will
often flex in his music videos most
twenties I need blue on my bills
rippling like the 50 bears I'm gonna
flex on my wrists okay I know I'm an
a-list rapper but if you really get mad
at me for flexing in a song you need to
get mad at the whole world in hip-hop
because everyone does okay so all those
clips were gathered in a span of two
years which mean I had to sit there and
watch all my videos so thanks for the
view bro sometimes I just say the price
tag just for the purpose of the video
because I feel like my audience my
viewers have the same taste that closes
me and they're kind of interested in
that kind of stuff if you know me I
don't match your personal preferences
there's someone out there that will your
personal preference so go watch someone
else I think that's a perfectly fair
statement
but you shouldn't preface it by saying
guys I'm not showing off on rich these
are just things that I do on an everyday
basis you absolutely are showing off
just fucking own it if you're showing
off you're showing on okay you know what
baby has a point maybe I do flex a line
I can see why people might find this
annoying but before you guys hate on me
I'm sorry but like put yourself in my
shoes imagine growing up and going to
school and seeing all your friends have
these cool stuff and you know you kind
of want that stuff too but at the time
you didn't have enough money and one day
I decided you know what I'm tired of
being broke let's try to get rich you
know so I stabbed my room and made some
you know live stream stuff and you know
I really didn't get piano I was bright
in but I mean I didn't get paid at the
time and if somehow I started doing
YouTube and I was getting paid through
YouTube and next thing you know I'm
moving out of my parents house I'm
living it all let it all happened so
fast and I just started buying all this
stupid stuff and just started flexing
and I mean I'm not sorry for it because
this is my money and I'll spend it
however the and I'll tell you guys how
to spend your money I'm gonna continue
about all these nice things I mean
that's just what I'm gonna do but like
other delusional you know I'll take some
constructive
so now I know that like not everything I
buy has to be shown up and announced
like look guys you know not everything I
buy has to be that way you know most of
the people don't even care and I'll just
keep that information to myself because
like why am I even flexing on the people
that put money in my pocket I don't have
them speak on the topic of stretching
videos out to the 10 minute mark for the
sake of more ad revenue you just stretch
your outro out three minutes long four
minutes long that's fucking retarded I
love you guys subscribe for your new
comment I read all cars and now I try to
make this video somehow ten minutes
okay I've only done this like a handful
of times are I'm sorry I guess but like
I kind of learned this from like my
favor YouTube I'm not moving but it just
happened every once in a while ten
minutes I have got your office I have
got your rough is now goodbye my Club
Penguin goodbye my friend alright that's
ten minutes we can earn a lot of
subscribers what a fucking nigger think
we're gonna have to end it there
I'm not called from Klaus rates of a
mastermind in military achievement world
they asked me I find this pretty ironic
that your friend and someone that was in
the video roasting me is someone that
doesn't more than anyone on YouTube so
if we're gonna claw anyone out on it and
call who you pie but you probably won't
cuz you're a dick Roger all those guys
that are irrelevant now but they are
relevant irrelevant you're relevant
because the relevant
Gabbie show another pretty irrelevant
youtuber damn I guess I do say that word
a lot I mean I guess I'll learn some new
words one thing that he's very
disingenuous about is when he states
that all of his videos are jokes all of
my videos are jokes a lot of people
don't understand this people get
actually mad at me like y'all relax all
my bills are jokes is just for fun I
have no beef against this kid no they're
not and it's very obvious to anyone who
watches your videos that they're not all
jokes you're not playing a character
alright that is you you are being
yourself in these videos how are you
gonna tell me who I am as a person as if
you know me get off of my dick all my
videos are jokes I don't know how he's
gonna tell me what my videos are are
mean I'm saying like bro okay guys this
video is getting too serious you know
I'm just over here defending myself is
not having fun anymore guys I'm bored I
did a little break damn I wanna shoot
the 3 years she never left
all we do is thing but you guys like to
hear the juiciest bit of hypocrisy this
girl Lily came up to me in person didn't
ask me hair rights do you mind if I flop
she just came to camera already on and I
was so unexpected it kind of sounds like
he doesn't like being recorded without
his consent
how interesting so basically he's
calling me a hypocrite because I don't
like to be filled without consent but
then again I feel other people not
streaming that I just I wanted to call
you oh no no no I just wanted to call
you at this time but bro there's a
difference all right like coming up to
someone and filming them and you know me
be like yo cuz you know and they keep
going it's completely different from me
two years ago you know live streaming
and someone asked me am i alive and I'm
just like no just so there's just more
natural because as soon as they know
they're alive they're gonna start acting
weird and awkward and I just thought
it'd be funny after just worn a front
but filming so without consent was
something I did two years ago I'm sorry
you know my bad I won't do it ever again
however I don't actually knows a lot
about filming people without consent
let's see company let's see what my
monthly earnings are Oh over a fucking
million oh yeah yeah that's right
Vita I was R in the same room but he
obviously doesn't like me because he's
over your Zubat and talking shit but
like if you don't like me that much to
me don't talking shit without me knowing
and then talking shit online at least
come up to me is day to my face I don't
think there's ever been a better way to
inflate your own ego than fabricating
your own genius video so you have an
excuse to explain your lyrics this isn't
a joke this is a real thing alright man
I'll give it to him he made a lot of
valid points throughout his video right
but what are you really criticizing me
for making a parody oh they don't
explain my lyrics regardless you know I
didn't do this period if you know
screwed I'm a real rapper I just want to
explain my lyrics and you know if I
edited you know pretty professionally it
could look cool and it turned out pretty
good I think these do this handy on me
at this point just a hand
me and all the other fans want to know
what happened to the clickbait Challenge
winner and last but not least make sure
to put hashtag clickbait challenge in
the description because at the end of
two weeks the video with the most abused
when a humongous pride yeah but we're
still waiting for the winner
you didn't announce it alright so I
guess I have some explaining to do
alright so at the time I posted the
clickbait charge thing the ariana grande
like tragedy happen at our concert there
was some people that were participating
in the challenge I started click baiting
the tragedy righted like it would be
this title about the tragedy you would
click on it and the first thing that
description was rice conflict a
challenge and not only that but the
video in that lead the video with the
most views at the time was something
about the air and I Grande anything it
just felt wrong
and see if you will do that really turn
me off and I wasn't even excited about
the challenge anymore and I kind of just
forgot about it and I really didn't get
any tweets here after two weeks no one
really brought it up and I just went on
with my life but since I know this is
like my biggest fan ever I mean he
remembers everything I guess I also went
10k but a lot of you were saying my
career is over I'm falling off you know
after the chronic cop things won't be
the same because I'm just going down and
I'm getting kind of worried like what if
that's true it that 10k might come in
handy 20 years down the line I know
there's gonna be that one guy oh my god
Rhys what but give some attention you
boy you you didn't do the challenge
it is not a coincidence that your music
has improved since moving to LA you're
now utilizing a professional music
studio where if someone else is mixing
and mastering all your music okay what
is this really a point you're making you
realize that most artists out there do
realizes a professional studio does make
themselves sound better you have someone
who's filming all the videos for you and
what you're calling me out for using a
cameraman like I'm sorry I need to hire
someone to film behind it
I can't vlog my own music you like what
do you want me to do film my own music
video play how's it impossible you're
probably riding the catchy bits for you
and you still probably have the Ghost
Rider on payroll you have nothing to be
boastful about you fucking moron and
here we go using the P word again
probably which means it's not a fact you
know it's just no problem I'm sick of
this man all this ghost writers stuck
with allegations like there were no
proof like people keep trying to take
away transfer be if you were just I'm
sick of it but I really had people just
really trying to find ways that hate on
this guy literally spent the last month
I've been year who knows researching on
me and now he's finding every way
possible to hate on me like he made a
30-minute video I can sit here all day
and I react to and respond to everything
he's sad but like bro this is so boring
this guy is literally in love with me
he's obsessed with me get off of my dick
brother you know what now I'm actually
mad you know at first I was kind of mad
but right now I'm actually bad let's go
you're currently here at the studio I
just finished up and I feel you guys
deserve a little preview obviously
tomorrow more Hannah be up early I'm so
tired but we're filming the music you
know morrow and the official music go
drops when I was give them a little
sneak peek
money bills bitch my soldiers did a
hundred melt they telling me to stop
munching but I'm still Iran
bitches more chill hey a little can tell
that you a love game but that's all you
guys get for down man it's over tomorrow
I'm so excited I actually saw I have to
do this when you feeling themself like
right even the song and I mean it's a
good idea I mean you could clear up all
the ghostwriters stuff
you're a stalker heed you think about me
every night you're obviously white but
you might as well be Asian because
you're obsessed with the rice
body like a Girl Scout angry like a
Milhouse maybe you should take a couple
of pills and chill out but tomorrow
official physical official district will
start whatever dropping thank you so
much this was a long video when you made
it to the end if this is the last time
you watch one of my videos because I'm
such a terrible person or whatever then
I mean good luck in life but I'm gonna
miss you but for through that stuck by
me from thick to thin and for the feel
from the beginning there are still
supporting me to this day man you're the
best
I appreciate all the love because the
past couple days I mean there's just
been so much pressure so much haze be
pretty stressful honestly I mean I know
he took over a month making that video
and I replied and you know under a week
I mean I did a pretty good job but
that's gonna wrap it up new song
tomorrow and you distract the wrong man
be ready and oh yeah I'm posted every
day I miss my soldiers did a hundred
mill they telling me to stop flexing but
I'm still I ran it up all of a sudden
bitches wanna chill hey little kid I can
tell that you a little game somebody
stop the school shooter you look fill
the Train speak on my name when I wish I
put you in the grave
