you know what guys I'm back that's three
days in a row was inevitable I remember
long ago I made a video about how I
ordered shoes from this app it took
literally two months to get to my house
so this app is dude I literally beat it
up of going I feel bad because all my
homies not worry shoes from this app and
a lot of you don't seem to like the apps
on my I don't let me give it another
chance
I've ordered a few shoes on the app if
I've needs to go and the shoes just came
in and I'm like you know why I went
opening it so much you paying so much yo
could you load the camera for mr. got
you it's a frame shovel but waves on his
about that don't fuck up your shoes dude
you know you got some heat though right
here we go spell slippery by their shoes
hey thank you collab I think these are
pretty expensive light up and they auto
tire like you in a tie
I like so now I'm a timeout like oh my
god dude you didn't have to do it
I mean you had to now you had to oh shit
okay so before Tommy and Wes designed to
deal with ideas he used to be with Nike
and these were like one of the most very
suresies to go for like 6,000 what do
they call they're called the burgundy
September's right no what are you saying
red no man I can't believe I bought all
these shoes once the game guys want to
know where I bought them at link in the
description but let's go to my closet
all right we are here in my closet and I
have some explaining to do as you guys
all know I live in like a fifteen
million dollar house and for some reason
I'm struggling everything my life is so
great all this but like this things off
care for you guys don't see frizz is my
closet basically every time I turn on
the air the roof starts leaking I'm not
even joking the roof is leaking on it
look at all this water day I can't make
some if this book it wasn't here there
was literally be a puddle of water in
here and sometimes they switch it up and
hit me with Kudrow and for instance
right here bro look at all this were
like this can't be good for the floor I
believe this is mold I'm not sure I know
yeah wait and all my clothes keeps get
$300 off white jean jacket this was just
standing here and it was dripping just
first look at the shit or whatever may
know other people have bigger problems
I'm not here to complain I was thinking
I already unbox like 10 shoes I might as
well just show you guys all my shoes
I've ever bought I honestly don't even
know where to start I'll just start from
top to bottom easy red Octobers fragment
1 oz white Nike Yee that are actually
dirty because I actually wear the
jay-z's more easy more easy more easy on
fly air maxes and more easy and one last
bit of easy
versace slippers of white air prints
those Nike rain adidas MMD's that adidas
MMD's black adidas some of the unique
MMD's order supreme 5 collaboration Nike
supreme collaboration reason that was it
for the easy to mourn Easy Spirit God
break
vo Jordans I forgot what number like
eight or something sure that I don't
know the name of but their self time so
they're cool oh shit it's blinking ended
Cheers that look like just plain black
shoes but wait let's zoom in stitchers
laugh Simmons why three are DJs and
either black and white so I wore them
with everything in there so messy he's a
lot of YouTube dumb B respond to idea
what these are but let's see ah guys
these are sick and these I actually got
for free shoutout Ian carnage the
creator of these shoes these are mad
rare and for some reason it reminds me
of vans I don't know why but it just
kind of does Gucci flip-flops and last
but not least supreme slippers that were
on my feet but as you guys can see I
have a lot of shoes and I just want you
guys to know that very thankful because
I'm using my youtube money on these
shoes but at the end of the day there's
your shoes and I mean people call them
self I'm a sneaker head all that but
like I'm really not even a sneaker head
I just remember as a kid I wanted all
these shoes on my friend had these shoes
and I just wanted to know how it felt
and now that I have all these shoes I
mean I really don't feel any different I
mean they're just shoes but yeah guys oh
yeah I'm sorry for the goat that I beat
up I mean the app came through this time
the reason why I even use the app to
begin with is because the prices really
aren't that bad and the thing about them
is before they ship the shoe out they
check if it's real or not so none of my
shit is fake because if don't sell me
any fake chamois and they lose all
credibility telling me they have to make
sure everything is real but yeah if you
want to buy some shoes check out the app
link in the description go oh yeah and
the thing about the word go it stands
for greatest of all time and I mean
everyone knows like I'm the greatest of
all time there's gonna be a good day I'm
about to get dressed
fan meetup pop-up shop I'm excited let's
go however here at the pawn shop today
all day I'm actually really excited
because I'm about to meet a ton of my
fan people that watch my view subscribe
show support I must to finally meet them
today we're here pretty early this store
opens up in like 20 mins I don't even
know who's actually here I kind of want
to go see doors
holy shadow
every time I fan cries I'll do ten
push-ups okay I was gonna get the bird
shot whoa Christ merge oh I see you boy
brushes fuck it was okay so basically
raised gum is missing features right
here with banks and Alisa as you may
know and he asked me to go outside and
vlog into what the fans are up to so you
know what let's do this what's your name
what do you want to say to Isaac hey
what do you think about Jigme wait do we
shut down the street no guys so we were
meeting fans having a good time you know
I love just meeting everyone and the
cops are ruining the fun they really are
they're shutting down the whole street
we have to leave we're getting arrested
I'm not trying to get locked up dude
said they have like a helicopter up
there and he said approximately minimum
like 7,000 people damn that's pretty
this is a pretty bummer but
and we can turn a bad situation around I
haven't ate all day it's 3 o clock we
were supposed to stay till 6 o'clock
shut it down the cops shut it down this
girl has my murtra imagine waiting all
day man getting to the first of the line
and then the cops shut it down and you
can't meet me I feel bad but if she's
watching this guys and we came prepared
- guys we literally had six security
guards to take care of all the commotion
dude honk the horn honk the horn one
time
they're running like fucking zombies
Melissa does go-go-go this is actually a
safety hazard dude these kids dude I
love these kids I love these kids
