yeah what's up guys how's everybody
doing today some very emotional day cuz
my son like this tribe might work my
video just hit a hundred million dude
okay I have no idea how that's even
possible I had no idea this was gonna
happen to me why is this happening to me
what did I do to deserve this
thank you guys for watching the be
written once a little one time just
thank you 100 ml you guys contributed so
what I think thanks to my mom my dad for
giving birth to me and the one and only
I live so violent for even coming up
with the idea in this fall I literally
sent a list of called asking me if we
could win against Jay Paul I said we
Gucci like their shirts with the snakes
I'm like she literally called me up but
like if she never called me and was like
yo let's make this district but none of
this would even happen so I'm gonna
surprise her and tell her that our
masterpiece finally had 100 mil catch
Bryan has no idea so let's go alright so
we've been at this bakery for like ten
Madeleine's helping that there's no
bakery guy I'm sick of this I'm taking
matters into my own ass because everyone
knows the most important thing about
surprises the cake
I'll go get the icing stretch go get it
said the icing was back back around the
counter right pardon
yeah I spoke to the manager apparently
your icings back here yeah guys I'm
pissed off man the store usually has a
worker that does this I see no lettering
for you buddy no I need to put words I
need to put her name on the Cape look at
this
you got it oh my god
damn I'm not good this now you got it
bro
I guess as you guys can see us as a
hundred million views they didn't have a
guy working at the bakery so I had to do
it but wait there's more I got all this
party supplies you won't see it coming
oh we're home got the King right here
the king is looking beautiful I have to
do the text myself I'm putting on Ken oh
so it's a nice fiery explosion damn guys
who really hit a hundred no I'm very
excited I hope Alissa was gonna be
excited about this I guess I got
everyone in the house we got the king we
got the whole confetti we got the flow
right now about the compasses she has no
idea I'm a fan kind of live in the same
house but I might just call her real
quick hold on hi what are you doing no
come to my River something just went
really wrong I'll remember right now oh
my god
all right that should get our attention
look at the wreath the cake I drew 100
million views our song
yeah should we cut this cake wait why'd
you do that
but yeah I guess I guess she got in the
face but if you guys watch the news II
feel thank you so much is there anything
you want to say no I don't think thank
you guys so much
it's incredible 100 million views I
never I mean people don't even do that
you know there's only a few people can
do that and we thank you but yeah I was
thinking you know we should hit this do
because we only was just doing one swing
it took one day to make that sign was
pretty interesting so I mean if this
video guess how many likes how many I'm
nothing like this festival of lights
we'll go back to studio we'll cook up
some new stuff but with a duo man you
know we have one platinum plaque yeah
but you mention that I'll see you guys
later I'm gonna clean my face please
