dick did I just get exposed hey guys
it's me again so I haven't posted in
like five days I feel bad sorry it's
just for the past two month I was really
on a grind mode and I was posting so
much videos that I kind of got drained
and tired so I took a little break it
was supposed to be a longer break I was
just gonna be relaxing all day but then
I heard I got roasted this girl drop the
diss track on me it's getting old and I
know I kind of started the diss track
trend but like you we just go back to
when I was the only one doing it because
right now all these random diss tracks
throat bands but anyways there's this
program as wool Vicki I've talked about
her in the past I really don't like her
I mean she's the one that thinks she's
blessing live 19 with a diamond plate
and this girl literally put together a
high-production song official music
video this track on me and I didn't even
see again I was on YouTube for like two
days and my feds
sorry but my feds literally saw the
music video they instantly reported it
the video got taken down I couldn't even
see it yeah you guys always have my back
bed but I finally got my hands on it I'm
about to react to it right now
I she's trying to show us something your
screens cranked I don't know what she's
trying to show us what what what I'm
doing that was by far the worst acting
performance I've seen in my life so I'm
not saying I'm the best actor and you
know acting might be hard for some
people but like well that was so
pathetic you couldn't have tried a
second time and maybe they'll put a
little bit more emotion on it right
what's risk of doing
okay why are they streaming there's so
many questions I don't know what's going
on like why do you guys screaming why is
this kids shirt neck so big boy you need
to get a different shirt and who are
these two guys because I remember Vicki
had this video where she was talking
about a few of our homies that day right
right no oh yeah I got niggas out like
is that person to the left of you not
like I just don't know and I don't want
to be mean because I don't know what
this person has gone through I don't
like her past medical stuff I don't know
but like if you're gonna be making dish
facts about me I'm gonna be clouding
your friends I mean I'm sorry I'm pretty
sure everyone watching this is probably
thinking the same thing I'm sorry
someone has to say it but like what is
that who what is this Vicki I'm sorry
guys someone has to say I'm going to
hell for this one but do you guys
remember that episode on SpongeBob where
spongebob was going around knocking on
people's doors trying to settle
chocolate with Patrick and he was
selling chocolate and there was that one
guy that was like chocolate chocolate
and there was that one grandma in the
wheelchair she really liked chocolate
whatever whatever they kind of look
alike konichiwa bitch you gotta run when
you see me guys it's really hard to
understand what she said I think she
said pull out win a steak you're Asian a
start duck you basically if you're a
duck viewer you don't know what stick
means for some reason stick means done I
mean I didn't come up with this Chan but
she said I'm gonna pull up with a stick
okay I'm a plumber a good but the
funniest thing about all this it's like
Vicki really tries to portray like she's
a gangster look at me I rap about guns
I'm in the hood my homies are locked up
he's like in a gang or whatever but like
the cameraman pans over to like her
squatter crew and it's like what is this
your whole Cruiser is losing a bunch of
high schoolers that all get bad grades
but they look like they have good
parents that care about them and like
these kids in the music militant to have
watched this video but like if you're
watching this you can change your life
right now
he's a bad influence like all this gang
stuff is not cool stay in school and
don't do drugs you know no gang stuff or
just you know talk about school and do
YouTube fails I mean that's the way to
go she just say Arielle made my asian
ass what are you saying dude my mom made
my asian ass at first I didn't know what
she was telling me I was like with Ariel
will you Tom and I check out her
Instagram she took a picture with baby
Ariel and throw the viewers that day now
like a year ago I took the baby Ariel
dish track and it was one of my early
meals that kind of started my channel
and it did so good I got so much views
but I didn't in a day all my videos get
so much view so she didn't even make me
how dare she even say that you know just
who she said that let's play back that
baby Ariel nestra people said Ariel
dissing I should roast her after this
dish track your career is over
i'ma call you Shrek because you look
like an ogre heard you got accepted for
the next role as Joker there good ol
times man okay back to the video change
change change our bitch
James cha-chang cha-chang child is this
even real like no where'd the video got
taken down well this girl's races that
is literally her hung ching chong ching
chong ching chong the bitch and she's
over there flexing all this money bitch
go fix your phone stream but actually
slow down that video and these were
actually all twenties these are all $20
I did I just get exposed no that caught
me so off guard I was not expecting that
and like that line is one of those lines
were is like like you know the Alyssa
said you come fast like the Furious type
of line I mean we're just like like like
it's a burn lane I mean now by my wait
did summer she's saying that not me
because I'm just curious I just want to
know you know I'm saying only did she
say that oh I'm just gonna text it I
mean I don't want to come off weird or
anything I'm gonna text me did you talk
to okay I just texted her I mean I'm
just curious what's it
she's already typing back okay hold on
we're waiting right now for the response
oh yeah so no she doesn't know what I'm
talking about nothing
yeah so we're chilling yeah we're
chilling change cha-ching cha-ching
chime pitch I'm done I'm exit now this
is all just chicken chong ching chong
just being raised just basically
spinning in my face right now me my
agent called me all my Asian viewers at
home apart is like man this girl's wagon
this was really whacked I mean come
quick he made another video about you so
I just want to let you know if anyone
took offense to my rice gun video anyway
an agent commuted to the fist it was
only to rice gum so so if you took
offense I just wanna bitch I know please
don't please don't take offence and
thanks for watching
okay well I let me get this straight yes
basically saying y'all guys you guys
know I'm not being racist to Agence guys
everyone that's offended stop it's not
about you guys guys I'm only being
racist to one Asian and what Asian only
and that's rice gum
what about me man feelings dude but yeah
guys is gonna ride out for a day man I
was away from YouTube for a bit and the
day I come back I'm gonna come back to
this type of shit like come on man but
if you're wondering if I'm gonna drop a
diss track back to Viki prime not just
because she's like really irrelevant I
mean you wouldn't do anything but like
just get her name out there more just
because I'm talking about her whatever a
little vacation is done I'm back on a
youtube ground post it tomorrow and guys
it's every day now I'm telling us I'm
back before you guys click off I want to
take myself you guys see this shirt that
I'm wearing is this flannel and then
this shirt basically my homie banks my
roommate Megan I don't know him he's
basically started up a clothing line and
this is one of the pieces it's pretty
dope guys let's check out all the pieces
link in the description but basically
he's been a pop-up shop in LA tomorrow
I'm gonna be there Alessa gonna be there
Bank is gonna be there basically you
show up it's a shot there's a lot of
closer if you see anything you like you
can buy the clothes and if you do buy
something you go to the back and meet me
bang solicit hang out with us whatever
whatever whatever and yeah it should be
a fun time all the details description
time went away or whatever whatever
description the scripts but anyways if
you Manson anything guys so much and I
will see you guys tomorrow
