you know what is up everybody how are
you doing it I gotta admit guys I've
been slacking lately I haven't been
really posted that much I just haven't
been in the YouTube mood but school just
started and I have to come back I gotta
go hard yeah guys I realized that I
haven't been blogging with summer
recently like we used to go on
helicopters and do yoga and all this
random stuff and I just haven't been
vlogging with them so today we're gonna
go chill with her for a little bit so
let's go yeah why is it not working come
on let's go reunited dude everyone
thinks we hate each other now because we
haven't made a villa so long as a baby
he's not 21 I can't party in yo my
birthday yeah she's been in Vegas party
I'm not Victoria once I couldn't be get
in help me because it's a school day
it's all the reason I let him come
you know summer is over it's time to go
back to school but these kids are still
at the mall but at school go to school I
can't shop in peace so sore at this mall
right now what's happening yeah yo guys
tone it down a little bit you said all
right bye guys I love you guys the cops
came because there were two crazy guys
really away in the mall for like not
even 30 minutes can't get down there do
a security escorted us out because
there's just so many kids for security I
feel kind of cool now you know I mean
like I went to the mom I checked out now
we're at the store they're just shopping
around you know saying summer her mom
bonding I'm just really hungry yeah you
would rock that for sure yeah oh she
loves me guys guys chill I'm taking care
of this dog while all my friends are
shopping I would say boy are we not
friends
whatever yeah it's my dog no I really
had the dog in my hand like five seconds
I'm already picking up girl I need to
get a dog oh yeah guys you know that's
what I do man I'm over here
oh but yeah guys this is what I do may
know I make fun of kids I drop dish
tracks and I watch summer and her mom
try on clothes yes where that's at night
dude your mom's alone huh yeah you
should either go very nice
okay I think it's I Oh
behind the scenes boys
wanna take a shot like a friend
what happened to your pants why is there
a rip right here come into my closet and
do this yeah no I didn't do this you so
I did it a promise so why is your pants
keep ripping enormous thing looks like
someone had a successful shopping day
because we just went through girls
stores today's actually like my really
good friends birthday chantels birthday
she has a surprise birthday party she
doesn't even know that so Talia don't
tell anyone
but we're about to go surprise her real
quick
I just got back home I'm actually
surprised that she got surprised because
I threw a surprise birthday fired for
myself like two years ago and I did get
that much surprise but anyways I have
this new roommate I want to try this
challenge I've been dying to try some
video the press you know I just haven't
really been that hot before I told Mike
I was like bro
driving is the funniest clip in the
world I just feel like that but I saw
this popular challenge on YouTube where
you want something you try not to laugh
and that's really easy if you turn
yourself don't laugh at this I mean I'm
pretty sure we can do it I guess a
larger piece of water through the water
we're gonna do is just fill our mouths
just fill our home ounce of water for
watch my Eclipse and I mean if we laugh
I mean there's gonna be suffering some
consequence some are Noguchi 606 I know
I brown her just words but like I'm
really not trying to spit on him he's
not trying to spit on me
after one hour of prank put out of the
suite Adam no come here
what's up guys phased out here and I'm
bringing you a quick short vlog Gucci
run just aware that oh my god this is I
asked you to wear that for the don't
ride on back
got that one on video
yeah guys go wrap it up Wow I am wetter
than I expected to be if you're pretty
wet right now the shoes are wet I don't
know why work Gucci go yeah thank you so
much admit and drop a thumbs up if you
want to fail tomorrow and the homie
riding his mom and dad check him out
he's moving in if you try to move in
send me an email you know the thrill see
you guys tomorrow
