unbox is the moment of truth right now
in this box yo what's up guys welcome
back to another video I missed you guys
you guys doesn't have you really been
roasting anybody nice who's been
enjoying my life living vlogging today
is pretty much the same thing I mean the
whole crew is about to go shopping I
can't sit home I'll buy my still care
please come they're like never taking
anymore what are you talking about I
always buy just not prying are those
real tears all right come on Jesus we're
currently going shopping with the whole
crew and today's a different day because
African I can miss me I feel bad for
himself asylum tag-along
ah we were here about to go shopping
it's so weird walking with my homie a
public like we've never go out in public
right no good we're in the Gucci store
wolfies about the cop that hey we gucci
like the shirts with the snakes on over
the shoes with the snakes snakes about
to go fine after he just wandering on
I'm not gonna go Televi can buy whatever
you want is like he deserves but
anything you want boy you deserve it yes
dude anything get it get it get it
this is nothing no could I get this how
much is it 1.5 and you think I should
cop this
you serious Elysium violet oh I'm not
gonna hold back on this 100 million
smash no that's expensive he's running
it up right now
Oh over here say it again say it again
no no we lose the water resistant dude
what a profess mad
nah what we who this but she's unlocking
her phone with just her face guys I was
thinking like if this was my phone and I
want to unlock it catches like use a
picture of my face and just like someone
can hack my phone right last year where
I feel like why anything early just
doing this what's this looks kragnes
there's like other people and maybe
illegally made I mean I don't know but
there's always some type of new photon
here I'm like trying to scroll through
right now oh my god Apple iPhone X 100
64 gigabyte $3,000 Los Angeles only two
left half only come alone do not contact
me with unsolicited services or offers
dad fine again I'm gonna be calling this
guy he's on Craigslist he sent you guys
the either X early I don't know how I
did that face get it emoji moving as
phone he picked up picked up what's up
you got a foot extra no I'm not with the
police okay yeah yeah now it works I
have any cash the seven the address Sun
and roof all right I'll see you there
well we gotta me it's late but to drive
me bro I got you don't worry no I can't
I can't let you go alone
guys it's really really late right now
I'm so surprised that Craig's don't even
picked up I guess he's trying to make a
quick buck he sent us the address were
are weather and are you excited
bro it's gonna be insane I'm excited but
like this is kind of sketchy his leg
he's meeting us not like this random
spot bro I don't know what to expect
hi guys were here at the location you
sent us he's still not here yet where
this is social skills again Leigh it's
been like time man matcom buddy there's
like movie a mood and face censoring
like dude there's so much so much news
bro
guys on the ad it said go alone I'm
really sketch during
hey what's up just give me the money
he wasn't even American she had like an
accent are you guys nuts pretty sketchy
bums lag I thought over woods that's ten
let's have these channels on YouTube
dedicated to unboxings if I'm being into
it I get the phone first anyways because
pop it open right now what is this bro
this is not the iPhone X right no what
though do scare me for three wraps bro
what though
