we still on for a video good morning
guys I just woke up my last two videos
were like sit-down comedy bids and I'm
sort of realize like it meant even a
sit-down youtuber actually have more of
a vlogger now my life is honestly true
lips and not be vlogging every day so
today I'm like you know what I'm done
with the these kids must be stopped
Roosevelt outside today you know we have
somewhere to be going to this concert
and there's gonna be or strictures of
the orchestra is like classical music
there's like this concert that started
like since the morning time it's like
7:00 we're gonna miss that these girls
are taking forever
the concert the homies are sleeping
let's gather them
oh I am very thirsty it's hottest look
at water Lazio visit the water I secured
it guys have a drink water all day so -
what's ours just perform right now I'm
assuming real quick that is Amber Rose
that's his girlfriend yes used to date
Wiz Khalifa and Kanye was the polite I
guess then I love Don she's big okay
guys I realize I haven't been vlogging
all day I've been doing such a bad job
you didn't want us coming here about the
price of the house or like a floors but
you guys are on the Billboard charts
right yeah I don't know how why aren't
you guys up there he woke these sissies
bro I should I'll be honest I'm the
problem
I'll be like ELISA stop it yo pull that
zipper down
what are you you can't do that you can't
what are you coming Alyssa you can't do
that oh my guys look at this crowd this
is insane there's so many different
people and one play can only dream but
one day guys I want to stand up here and
perform in front of this many people of
my district one day
one of the main rules of this table is
don't sit on the couch just got here
right now we got to go we got to go me
my cat all your pussy I wanted me your
pussy I was literally at this dope event
with all my friends all day an idea
blogger no I got no blog put it it's
pretty late but it's time to turn off we
still on for our video shit
I just wanted to eat him dude you did a
bigger a house bro he deserves better
bro you've been working yes 309
Instagram yes 300 know how many post
pictures how much did you pay for every
day no way I love how the white stuff
explodes in your mouth what you bidam is
my dog wait it's a cat though but that's
what you signed up for right it's a wait
wait you don't want to go that way
that's so we're like an hour away from
our house we called it uber and the uber
was like oh shit oh shit he's what do
drive-by Oh
you
