looks like a toenail that's a man I'm
sick of this first you better stop call
yo what is up guys how are you doing not
sure how long have been a supporter of
the channel 4 but all my day one know
that how I kind of got started my first
viral banger video was these kids must
be stopped like this random video I made
did some kid that I literally made 8
different variations of it and I was
just looking through my channel like
dude I haven't made of these kids must
be stopped in a while and honestly I've
been noticing that there's more kids out
there misbehaving more kids out there
that must be stopped and when I see that
while it out because I haven't been
doing my job you guys alright I'm
excited this to receive is saying words
or she saying is George or job dropping
again usually of yo this is your body I
grabbed a very rare shot haha Shira
Shira Shira hug them who have better
being a booty big nabob that I swear to
God if I see this little white girl say
the N word one more time I'm gonna freak
out
oh what a cute little kids
oh wait and one day just watch you know
I have to take that off the screen
because I didn't want to get
age-restricted and all the sensitive
viewers but like that really just
happened there's no way that hey guys
I'm gonna replay the clip because I need
I mean I need to fully digest what just
happened I'm gonna put a maverick logo
on top of it though yeah that just
happened and that is by far the most
unpleasant sound I've heard all day and
I've heard some pretty unpleasant stuff
today yeah why is this girl about to cut
her hair oh did you think I was gonna
cut my hair well you're wrong
don't ever judge a book by it's cover
sheet just say don't judge a book by
it's cover what you're literally holding
your hair like this what other action
could you have done besides cutting I
don't like how she's making his team
like wrong wrong I'll be honest soup you
know what she's just a little girl I'll
let this one slide next video yo why
does this feel about to shave your
eyebrows I mean did you think I was
really gonna cook my rose tomorrow's
what oh you were wrong what don't ever
judge a book by it's cover what are you
talking about don't judge a book by it's
cover that makes no skin you have
shaving cream on your eyebrows Wow
these little kids are trying to be
motivational trying to be inspirational
but it's just pissing me off though man
relax they're just kids no dude it's not
cool man I don't read books these kids
you tricking me mom dancing tells a
curse word why the hell didn't you tell
me so why did you just do that to me
what the hell are you talking about
why'd she keep cursing me what the
huddles
okay that's not funny use that word
three times what why would you use that
word three times in a row I was just
saying okay what just happened if you
guys are confused
pretty confused - I think she went to
her mom she said do you think hell's a
bad word her mom said it could be Eunice
that way and then the daughter proceeded
to say held three times and the mob
starts crying so I guess their girl must
be stopped because she needs to be nicer
to her mom I mean you did come out of
her vagina so you need to be nice to her
mom then again this is the first time I
seen a MILF cry me I mean moms are
usually more powerful I feel like if I
went up to my mom I said hell three
times then I would be the one to cry
because she would be the one this kid
just said the b-word is mom what a
savage I don't know why you so mad for
though I feel like the little guy just
needs a hug yo yo wait what do you guys
just hear that I could've sworn you just
said a cloud bigwig at first I was like
this kid must be stumped he's out of
control but like he's repping cloudy
he's throwing up for us he's a part of
us now edge dude this kid is a savage he
spitted two times what is mamud thing
and then he sees his own grandma this
kids like four he's put a handle on his
grandma
this kids a savage he's tied control but
he did throw up cloud gang so he's known
me yo get the fuck out of my way
are you seriously damaged over here
making fun of my favorite food on top of
that he's Chris from the store this is
what you need to do
pick your lazy ass up go to the store
and get hot cheetos
okay I'm by like six of these and just
blink the fuck out of it oh damn that
shit with this kid just said
this drink is better than a bitch who is
teaching this kid this vocabulary you
better put the hot cheetos down
some actual nutrients so he's gonna turn
our retarded Oh
were these girls doing waiting day
that's not cute oh these girls are 14 I
could be looking at this I just I know I
don't know cuz you glad to know this
last year was these two white boys just
horsing around and now this year he blew
you a kiss you didn't dodge it in time I
dodged though you did dodge it I saw you
I swear to God I mean it dungeon I saw
you you didn't dodge instant replay the
instant replay yes I closed my dog's I
told you I told her my daughter's name
alright guys well I guess that's gonna
wrap them
breaking news off the bat her voice man
like I don't like it you know it's too
edited it's alright she's kind of
annoying oh yeah and this just sounds so
much better I don't like her whoosh man
it's like wow I think she's making fun
of my voice though who I was born that
way
toenail we all know who made the diss
track Trenor thing you know this guy
right here little boy that's sad man
I've seen this Bruce you better stop
calling me a little boy
