I'm on TV I met the monster sector right
now look at my face I'm on the wall not
on one Shelby Drive look alive look
alive niggas came up on this side not on
the other side oh well fuck them dog we
gonna see how hard it ride I get
cut that out no everyone go like my
paper go like my picture what are you
waiting for go in that car you guys
think it is
boy does this like a Toyota Prius or
something suicidal nomads me this car
right now it feels soft and stuff but is
it fast I will let you know alright guys
we're here at the all-star game Lily put
me behind this like last thing it's like
bulletproof you know I got a lot of
haters so you know you gotta be safe
alright so it's the next day I thought
I've lost more yesterday that's like the
all-star game that have the parties and
stuff but like I guess I did it so yeah
I picked up the camera picked up right
where I left off let's go come on guys
come on guys
twelve seconds
all right guys like its story oh yeah
cool right here at the tattoo shop you
know spin the wheel um I get a tattoo
today boys bro we got here for 30
minutes you've been standing at the
exact spot staring at this girl why
she's not real stop looking at her like
that I understand she has the nice cakes
but like it's kind of creeping me out
like I'm starting to think you're kind
of weird
Rose got a Gucci jacket she's still
wearing that role
five days bro as a kid you're like yo I
could get his jacket crazy about Lea
tattoo in a bit banks is going first man
I'm excited to see what he gets about to
take a look are you circle or X oh
that's such a random deeper dude I'm
trying to catch an altar your why why
why why that was unnecessary
you need to yeah so like it comes off
right all right bakes just got done
well what are you doing don't don't do
this the real funs over bro tell him to
not do it please help your boy out bro
hole is the G bro don't do this this is
real v your YouTube I'm sorry I gotta go
man you guys can't be doing this how are
you feeling right now so I've got like
so much adrenaline excitement and just
love running is remembe I in for now
Yankees but how do you think like your
mom is about to feel like you don't even
get her name tattooed but tattooed slick
just to let you guys know this is not a
fake tattoo no clickbait like this is
real ink
these guys don't click me like they
really go out of their way to just stand
out I guess boy I would never do this I
feel bad for you guys to be able to I'll
just wish it was me lon
how would you wish this on yourself
aside yeah yeah how do you feel about
this role as soon as he's done it is my
turn big guy's tattoo he's getting his
done I'm next do you have the stuff
minutes later so in most tattoos have
like a deeper meaning a symbolic meaning
right so what's the symbolic meaning so
so Jack you guys we were just playing
this game tell me why this landed for me
out of all the things that could have
landed oh are you sure you want to do
this bro no
you love your viewers so are you gonna
do it rice yes yeah you really are not
looking for this everybody gets to see
Rice's ass I told you bro chalo chalo
wasn't that bad was it
oh don't cry rice alright guys he also
never had a tattoo so we're gonna try it
out no ink you know I mean the TVs are
pussy it Steve is a pussy let's get it
to retire well you feel it oh okay
felt amazing I just wanted a little bit
when I got my tattoo you call me a blitz
of Europe all right this watch my face
you want to call me a pussy
Yeah right the bone the bone the bone
yeah so what are you having for dinner
tonight
did you try to hold it at a the worst
guys he's next
nah bro come on no come on how did the
grab swords
