rice gum okay um I don't know maybe feel
like incorporated some more positivity
into some of his videos let me see okay
what I need to be more positive good
morning guys I bet I told you guys I'm
back and I'm back I just said the same
thing three times but look guys I
haven't had a haircut in three days and
I really need to the barber shop the
hair is looking clean okay okay - this
Oh guys my roasty senses are tingling so
I just roasted beet why is that what
always roasting here I'm sorry Nisan
twins just roasted you I'm gonna show
you pictures of people and when you tell
me what you think sounds good right scum
okay um I think he's creative yeah most
part like very creative yo hey that was
a compliment that wasn't even a roast
when I was my roasty says it even
tingling so these two guys are the two
biggest twins on the internet and I'm
doing the interview let's just keep
watch the beginning I really like these
videos and oh at the beginning you like
all my stuff but like what so now on my
newer videos you don't like it that much
but you say they're not good what are
you saying I mean I know what he does is
a joke mm-hmm no it's like sketchy
talking about like yes dad she talked
about what or how's it sketchy but if
you have something to say just say it
why are you holding back right tell the
world what you have to say about I don't
want to speak too much I don't eat
arrested you don't want to get roasted
Kevin his brother keep dancing around
the question they're not being honest
they're not telling me the truth
obviously if they had something nice to
say they wouldn't get roasted so
basically by them saying I don't want to
get roasted just means that what they
have to say about me is it good I feel
like these two guys don't really like me
don't like my videos that they just
don't want to say it out and public
because they don't want to get it
roasted but that's how they deep down
feel I don't know it made me feel like
incorporated some more like positivity
into some of his videos I mean okay what
I need to be more positive what are you
talking about what are these guys
talking about you guys not see that one
video where I said I'm done making fun
of people I'm done you know spreading
negativity it's all about positivity
all these positive vibes but like come
on man I haven't dropped the diss track
in a month I thought I was being
positive but I guess I need to be more
positive
ooh as much as I want to roast these
kids I mean I really can't know it
really contradict me and prove their
point but like I really thought was
being positive man it but I mean I guess
they're right I mean I guess I've been
pretty negative lately you know what
let's go change that I need that I need
that make a change in my life it's time
to be more positive
let's go out and spread positivity it's
all about that positivity we are
currently at the bank right now this
line is so long pause the two people
keep coming at me wrong I'm all negative
don't worry the money's not going to
waste man all these people that rises
give you the money to is going
completely to use
a great
maybe that changes today
like that because blessing thank you
he looks so happy just got back home and
I feel really really good for just doing
that type of thing but now it's time to
address the hey there's gonna be that
one guy that's like can't race he's
giving money to these homeless people
but he's doing in a rude way he's make
them feel like strippers he's so
disrespectful guys look I just want to
express the positive vibes and you know
help out some homeless people I was also
bored and just when I get some good
block footage and all that money added
up is a few hundred which really isn't
that much but like how much have you
guys donated to homeless people today
and all the holy people seem happy and
fine with this so if they're not mad
why should you be but look guys I feel
like everyone should get positive vibes
and you know not just homeless people
and I ordered food to this house every
day because I mean I hate leaving my
house so I'm about to order food right
now but the post needs to be some rice
but yeah I live in the hills it's kind
of a hassle to drive on the way up there
and being a delivery guy can be fun I
mean your dog your purpose in life for a
little little little pay is to get food
and hit a table you know it's really not
the best job anyway is it a comp are
gonna have a shitty day I'm gonna make
it random and make it night mean Lance
the food's here
the food's here could you throw it up
here just like swing it and then they
didn't watch it okay sure yeah
trust me because my stairs broke so I
can't there you go bro yeah yeah but
yeah guys it's gonna wrap it up this is
a pretty short video you do is it kind
of boring lately just because like
there's no drama when there's no drama
there's really nothing really juicy to
talk about but what that being said the
darling twins are actually right I need
to be more positive
I agree I'll try my hardest once again
guys but look I really haven't dropped
at this track in a month it's been a
month all right so do your dish tracked
it's coming really really soon I've been
cooking out I'm trying to get a nice
bump and when that's all sorted out it's
going live music but that's gonna wrap
it up if you guys manage to the end do
not forget to drop a thumbs up if this
bro gets more than two likes I will drop
a biro tomorrow can we do it for
everyone that has to support this the
beginning thing guys also much of you
guys are new do not forget to subscribe
what are you waiting for
oh yeah and don't forget to go master
grab like a few of my pictures comment
done and I'll go fall something guys
back
