oh there is their yo where are the
clothes I'm calling up oh good
where's my shit what's up guys you know
I usually wake up with a really positive
attitude but how could I like did you
see what happened yesterday this is like
a hundred thousand dollars of shit
where's my supreme and Gucci and babe I
wake up I'm here to start my day and I
need to find an outfit but I have
nothing to wear I have to straight
maverick murder what I have a water
Bella you had one random hair hanging
out no no he fucked you up he fucked you
up but yeah guys just woke up and think
about our house man we just do
everything together you're currently
here at KFC I just got my chicken how
good is that
fire fire fire whistles here's a new
addition to our squadron what are those
real not even so mean ugly guy wanted to
do a very nice deed today so I call this
segment giving out $100 bills to random
people nope
trying to be a good good citizen and
hand out money but no one wants to take
guys we have no assistance we're back at
it which ones to get again I personally
don't know what any of them do met with
like some beaks and I think bigger see
there's the go-to bro you have right now
oh that's the one thing it's the same
thing as that bro the why would you say
he had more he had when they were an
effing one you had yeah no but it's the
one he has and the one that hears but do
you have enough money though huh no so
that camera is sold out cuz everyone
wants one because I got one we went to
Best Buy they get a camera they're out
of cameras right and I was like oh it's
close to targets we're at Target we're
getting duct tape and rope and I'll tell
you guys why our back home is about that
time I've been waiting all day to do
this I couldn't even sleep last night
because I really just wore my clothes
back this is not cool we got to get them
back
ELISA could you help me get Logan back
please I need your help but lift us out
of clothes you need some clothes
yo ELISA do you like this type of stuff
yeah it's Logan emerge no Logan messed
up doing this and stolen his friend his
friend just we did he had acting class
you just you just tweeted that right
there guys so this is that I mean a lot
of people in LA go to this one spot
should we you know I'm in yeah all the
youtubers go to this app yet so we'll
just go there now camp out there with
that little mother who's out we're
picking them up this sounds pretty
desperate but me and bass are literally
about to sit outside of his acting class
for hours and hopefully catch them
lacking because I mean you have to I
mean if your fault honestly it's all
it's all yours you one thing what I'm
fully redeemed after this you're
thinking I'll forgive you not go to jail
for half of time yeah probably half the
time so even if we do get caught up it's
just half the years for sure so we
usually have a card or you know kidnap
people but this is the only car we have
it's only a two-seater
so I called an uber so the ideal
situation is to use our own car so we
don't get caught up and people you have
snitch on us but we don't have a car we
hide this
Nerine guy yeah we hired an ex-marine
soldier he's about to whip us already
yeah and he said just call me X we're
pulling up right now I'm looking around
man he has to be around here somewhere
his class started at 2:30 it should be
adding National Ocean oh there is they
off yeah we got it we got ya what's up
dude how's it going hold that yeah here
I pull up right here oh there he is
there he is
you know what's up dude and what you
doing out here oh yeah that's Dilla bro
yeah we loving a pink him Oh Logan
oh no she texted me and he was like
could you pick up my friend for me like
he sent us to pick you up you wanna I
mean he texted me I could show you in
the car if you want just I mean it's all
love you know yeah we're all youtubers
edited a you know I'm saying hey you
live close right yeah yeah I will just
drop you off yeah yeah
all right sir back to the house thank
you thank you back to our house I
probably don't say a word
seriously bro that was not cool
I hope you enjoyed your first and last
acting classes where's Weiss is closed
where are they
don't say a word what are they having
don't say a word double you're asking
him a question where are the clothes
well can he answer at least go ahead
answer I don't know I'm not he's lying I
don't know I will tell you I would tell
you bro I don't tell you I swear to God
I don't know then oh we're gonna get
that close one way or another but he
gave you new clothes is dead though oh
they're trash oven
we're not Mavericks we're not a cocaine
we're cloud getting not Mavericks bro
it's coming to you then but before I get
my clothes back I'm kind of hungry I
need a little snack do you want a snack
yeah do you want a snack yeah I'm hungry
do you want a snack well too bad you do
anything mmm
Oh what mmm well pull off the duct tape
bags milkshake please milkshake all
right and one milkshake
thank you sir have a great day and don't
tell anyone about this just keep it keep
it low-key no I'm saying no no yo come
on take it right there so we can
question them
hi Evan I'm not fucking around where are
the clothes but I told you I don't know
you think he's told the truth dude we
need to do something where he spills the
beans bro should I grab the gun again or
I don't know he already knows it's fake
goods on stage
Evan I really like you dude I don't want
you to get hurt but to grow and be funny
this is happening
I just want my clothes back no way I
just need my clothes back you say
everyday bro what's happening to this
kid Wow
Bryce listen I got a plan if we just
call Logan FaceTime them with that fake
gun the duct tape when it smell if you
won't be able to tell it's fake we hold
the gun to his head and then Logan has
to give you your clothes back dude I'm
done playing games did you bro you need
the Kolo game right now I don't have his
number
all right where's your phone oh yeah
what's your code put her coat in oh yeah
okay Logan with the heart in it you
series I'm calling him I'm calling them
oh you weren't expecting me huh I need
my clothes
you fucked up Logan your finessed me I
need my clothes I'm not playing around
look look look I don't want you to say
anything don't call any cops meet me at
my house in an hour
pull up bring my clothes I hung up on
him I think he got the message
one hour Evan he's gonna decide your
fate damn guys I have to get that room
man I mean like word do he kind of felt
illegal and I just feel dirty I'm pretty
sure blowing up the message he said he's
coming here in an hour if not man we
have to do what we have to do and I
really don't want to while we wait for
Logan to show we all have in need to
have them all tightened up I feel kind
of bad let's just hang out with them
yeah man how'd it let the little guy out
man yo bro check this out man you know
if you ever need a place to stay maybe I
think you would fit right in it's all
clean and stuff you know I'm saying and
would you consider maybe you know we got
the bed you know that love it yeah
that's for show everyone smile off low
is about to pull up any second now let's
play some pool break you're a quick
break it right quick let's get it oh
okay okay okay
if he hits that a bowline he's a winner
I'm a loser yeah I'll take those man
time up again bro time up again bro oh
so we just got schooled in school it's
okay though it's dinner time
oh yeah I bring the stuff out all right
yeah I mean I'm excited to see when you
asked for us today but having ate all
day whoa
morning burgers thank you thank you
thank you good yeah dig it dig it bro
anyway no you just got digging bro come
on good good no no I y'all we cool yep
Logan's not to come any second now we
need to make the exchange
I'm sorry bro Evan I'm sorry this is
just how it has to happen
no shit that's him is that his car yo
come here yeah yeah yeah yeah somebody's
here good
where's my shit where's my clothes I I
have a go y'all hanging off the balcony
bags I need my clothes this is not cool
man
and we'll meet you down there we gotta
hey we got the stuff you got the stuff
all right come on are you thinking poses
on YouTube he has my stuff we have his
stuff one wrong move in the dwarf
alright play down no funny business
no funny business no funny business
come on bro bro we did it we gotta pack
good now bro you're good but Logan is in
I got my stuff that one that doesn't
stop any of this even happening you know
I'm saying that's not cool you're gonna
have to hit the studio thus - yeah
closets back in order clout gang again
get it done
well that was the maverick shit I know I
brought your back you'll let it feel the
Supreme field supreme leak through to
your heart tall the gumballs out there I
am so so sorry but you know if we
learned anything today it's okay to mess
up
you just gotta redeem yourself lay tail
in the void
was good oh look who's home it's been a
crazy day brothers with her crazy yo did
you buy some new stuff you bought the
Flex on us real quick we can't force you
to buy this kind of yeah little ever
gonna open the casing
it's a zippy Oh what the heck that was
at least two rack but that was at least
two big ones no no ask me about my day
now how's it I kidnapped the midget
