where's my supreme and Gucci and babe
like there's clearly something wrong you
clearly see what's wrong right your
clothes are nice okay where are they
good morning guys up back for another
day okay today is a life-changing day I
am about to get my first tattoo ever bro
how do you feel about that Manny you
already know how I feel Oh
yo bro do you have any tattoos but yeah
pretty nervous I bust the linkage with
my friend and we're about to get blasted
all right soon we have just in front of
my friend's apartment all that I'm knock
on this door real quick yeah are you
ready
this is a big commitment room we're
about to get you at it up hey guys this
wasn't my idea this was his idea but you
said yeah I said yeah yeah I do know
he's faced all my friends have tattoos
my roommates have tattoos house like you
know I just want to fit in he also these
attitudes in you who she called the
artist she called the tattoo artist
she's coming here this is pre
life-changing boys and girls I'm
currently shaving my legs I'm getting my
first tattoo and I got my leg so I can
hide it for my mock you wear jeans if I
see her all right he's going first
because he wants to set the mood for but
yeah it looks pretty painful
I'm going after done it you just be here
the sound that no I don't want to show
it because you know why people don't
like the first time you in 10
I'm really not good at pain I hate you
go Oh - that looks so real what the hell
just I know what the a our session look
at this but I probably just gotta act
and now meeting the boy Alex will good
we are about to go to the mall just get
us reaction or people gonna look at us
differently if you just saw me Ram me on
the street what would you think I would
think he went from Bryce come to rush
Gangster
so we're currently in public right now
people keep giving me weird looks I
don't like it wait wait guys guys how do
you feel about my new tattoos
did you see that mom hey mom
that's a milk you know the MELD is my
mother I'd like to take the dinner wait
what is shitty so everyone thinks we're
gangsters and stuff doodle we're about
to get high scream like it's a hot sunny
day we're just regular people trying to
get scream gangsters don't get ice bob
what's good homie how's it going I'm
good do you like my tattoos mines are
better
apparently these tear drops means you
killed somebody like if you have two
teardrops you killed two people so I
mean I did kill two careers all right
those mall adventures are done back to
the cloud house it looks real yeah it
looks the exact same
these are real Ted's what nobody until
it begs right oh my god I'm actually
really liking this do you think I can
pull it off oh my god
rice hole do you like my new tattoos and
then I got one on that bag yeah dude my
mom doesn't know yet oh she's gonna kill
me
yeah usually it's drills on the pole oh
hi do you like my tattoos but yeah guys
I think he's about to leave me why are
you gonna leave me Anika after all the
bonding while we get inked up
possibilities yeah he's an old man with
the cartoon that no cartoon boys guys
everyone lose your eyes right now tell
me that's not a cartoon voice it's not a
cartoon voice crack-a-lackin' where are
you taking me that should be my intro
home ah we're gonna see what you think
of this great amazing tattoos do they
throw so I went to the mall came home
and now I'm back at the mall what you go
to the furnace Glendale it wasn't that
little baby because we weren't there we
don't life but a party yeah now it's
about to be late no but I have a
question what you have holes your pants
the tiger attached you it was a lawless
actor and then he just boiled sorry
okay
what's up do you guys like my new
tattoos is don't write the summers
almonds ballin out tonight whoa Oh
summers mama slay you need to definitely
buy that hundred for school this one's
even better you need to cut this one too
Oh guys look at my new tattoos do you
like it yes so it's night time just took
a hot steamy shower time to drop the
cameras and my leg tattoo came off
pretty good there's still a little bit
left my arm has a little bit of residue
left but most of it is gone my neck no
not this won't come off I was scrubbing
for hours these will not come off I'm
kind of freaking out because alex says
these will come off easily and they
didn't do this like what if they're
permanent oh whoa oh it was just a bad
dream
I think oh I don't have to I have clear
skin again guys oh my god I'm gonna have
the perfect yeah what
you know what whoa
where's all my supreme and shit yo
where's all my Gucci jacket what is this
shit what is this stuff maverick yo
where my Gucci no bro bro come here wait
one will come here I need to show you
something come on if you can't wear it
well what is banks doing bro look at
this bro where's my supreme and Gucci
and babe but like there's clearly
something wrong you clearly see what's
wrong right your clothes are worse okay
where are they
no no you're lying to me this is a prank
bro I can't wear this bro whoa look what
am I gonna wear today
what no bro you know I can't wear this
type of stuff so what happened like how
do you know this come on all right do I
need answers really slow down just slow
the tap yesterday you were at the VMAs I
was bored all day I called Layla a whole
bunch of people nobody want to help me I
called Logan and he was down bro we
didn't do shit okay it's your article
so you got finesse got played bro you
got took an advantage up by the biggest
youtuber in the world like look man
there's two ways to handle this you know
stay here and cry or we get them back
like you know I'm saying do you have it
I will take house wait wait wait so he
did even finesse you he like gave you
those were my clothes but then you sold
me out I thought yeah man Banks was one
of my roommates I thought you took
advantage of me bro but look so we did
so we didn't backward her what does he
care about the most
oh I think I know and I think you know
that I know and I fucked with you I
really did we're gonna kill what I have
to but we shouldn't in Napa man thinking
for ourselves take a look here in the
house will blow this shit up will sign
up dude our house is way cooler
don't want to come in the water just
look at it we're gonna track him down
we're gonna find out where he's staying
yes we're gonna find out where he nest
we're gonna give him up one of these yes
yes
