dude what is up guys they're infinite
dude I missed you guys
I just want to say that I think it's
pretty crazy that me and the biggest
youtuber is about to go to war hey guys
I wait pewdiepie no he's no longer the
biggest learn is the biggest YouTube
right now and meathead have been kind of
beef it's just kind of weird because me
alone it used to be friends and like
look at this friendship slash show that
I made
when I guess times have changed man
because I don't think Logan likes me
anymore I mean look at these sweet
dishes I'm a slap I said I was gonna
slap him just now I'm out rice come bro
like I say I'm gonna do something I'm
gonna do it oh great thought I was rice
got me being the person I am I can't let
this thing slide I mean regular people I
wouldn't even give him one strike
I'm getting along again three strikes
and he gets another one I'll give their
warnings I never gave anyone warning so
I wasn't honestly sick of it right so I
made a video telling Logan like yo bro
you know I'll give you three strength
they'll give you one more warning just
don't cross the line because you don't
want I made that video I feel like we
should watch is big bro oh I got oh guys
think I should take that strike okay I
believe it's up to you guys if this
video gets 1 million likes and 1 million
comments I'm gonna take that strike rice
and there's gonna be a battle of the
districts oh oh oh ah to unleash the
beast mr. Brian I don't do this traps
I do kill traps yeah I mean he might
make kill tracks and his stars might be
good but I also make kill tracks and I
also drop beggars too bro then you also
said if this noodle gets a million likes
and a million comments you will roast me
one last time to trigger me that last
strike that last warning where I would
have to be forced to roast of you know I
mean and the village all yet
so is this really happening this can't
happen he can't let this happen because
if this happens I'll drop this key stop
pulling back it might be too much fire
it's literally his minigame against my
army and it can turn out good oh this
can't go down you two will be in
shambles this cannot go I have a phone
number I gotta be the bigger person I
gotta squash the beef I just have to yo
what's up man I haven't talked to you in
a while yeah dude we need the talk in
person
yeah we should settle this definitely
you know ya come through but yeah I
think he's on his way and we're just
gonna squash that like man
Yolo you've been feeling good dude dude
honestly is there no beats this just out
of this realm kids look up to us gonna
be role models for these kids you really
shouldn't be beaten like this so I had a
crazy I did I thought out of all my
friends which one looks like Logan Paul
the most addictive yeah I think this
she's way bigger than you know his blog
yeah he looks nothing like Logan but
wait there's more so we have a pretty
legit disguise we have some average
merch brother das throw that rope his
gang sign he always throws up bro he's
always throwing up gang signs on us he's
just like dad right first piece of
equipment and he's already looking like
Logan alright what's the next one what's
the next one oh shit this way was $40 I
know I have no idea how but this was one
of the trashes and smallest way oh my
god he's starting to look like I'm
already alright now put on the maverick
hat here we go I can't believe I thought
it was our dear bro I just need the
glasses face neat frames the frames on
the put the frames on
wait wait wait boy pull your socks all
the way Logan has them up all the way
all the way is that Logan and they
grabbed the gorilla pod okay and there
you have it
all right so it's about that time I
don't know how good this is gonna be I'm
gonna suck if no one even recognize them
we got the security about to have our
back security on that hat we are
currently in this uber with the one and
only Logan wait wait wait maverick shit
everybody everybody yes sir reaction is
you know the drill
so guys it's working for baby LoJack my
trick be a magic guy Hey look a meal
okay for life baby let's go
they think I'm the future Logan poem
yo so we're back it really kind of ran
to us but that turned up actually better
than I expected
do you look nothing like that no look
any outfits oh shit and people believed
it like them I mean the boy Logan back
at the barbershop oh hey I'm at the crib
right now but yeah that turned out
pretty good always fun meeting my fans
hello gang you guys little game to life
but yeah it's up to Logan if he roasts
me I'm gonna hit the studio if not then
I'm gonna be uploading every day and
it's up to him once again I really hope
he keeps my name out of his mouth but if
he does worse me I mean I gotta do what
I gotta do that's gonna wrap up today's
video man think I saw so much you guys
missed it and cut a short one today but
I got a bigger tomorrow because I'm
posted every day I'm gonna keep an eye
out for Logan if he tries to be slick or
anything but thank you once again you
guys are the best and just one quick
favor kid as if you'll get you like
