I'm gonna get out of my car and I'm a
slap I said I was gonna slap them just
now I'm not rice come bro like I say I'm
gonna do something I'm gonna do it
yo what's up guys good morning
hold on I'm about to try that again well
what does everybody how you guys do I'm
back for another video and you are back
to watch it well I love a guy I did not
know this was possible I had no faith
thing I did not know I could go every
day I'm not sure if you guys know this
but I do this every single morning I see
this chair right here we put the share
in here stand up right here and let me
just unravel all right and just yeah man
you know I'm vlogging I'm taking a
morning piss no hand I'm holding a
camera no hands cuz enjoying this
beautiful view life is so great
I was literally pissing greatness people
farthing I'm alive when I stay in this
but like I really do be reading all
these comments and I sometimes I see
something I write is only post it every
day because he needs money I mean right
is 50k a month how am I supposed to pay
that not osteophyte like one of the few
youtubers that use the money I make from
YouTube to like buy stuff to make my
videos better I'm all about putting what
I make back into the video so that's why
I'm right here about the cottage just so
the videos are just litter so I'm
currently waiting until somewhere comes
the sisters I mean I don't want to do
this again but I think I'm gonna have to
oh I can't
so should I delete it it's fine no I
just pick up the drone my life my vlog
everything's about to change
but now before we go home and try this
out I think I'm gonna go and Target and
maybe let's get kicked out again a whole
squad out here no no I'm kind of bored I
feel warm I'm out to play hot potato
real quick hold up hold up
okay guys guys we were playing hot
potato watermelon I did such a bad job
camera magnet and it dropped and now
it's open here crack it open so we have
a little snack yeah boy hey we need that
mad shopping snack you'll hand me some
of that okay guys
man I love me some watermelone I don't
I'm really confused wait why did you
pick up so much rice and gum for oh I'm
just chimp sucking up right for a bit
but why rice and gotta say awkward
combination it accidentally broke it is
just got done with target our way back
to the crib but yeah guys I'm back what
the what the fuck is all this shit bro
what is it for me
module unravel it on my bed I know but
like you just made it my room a mess bro
like what is this is this like from
Walmart or something like what is this
but is this from Target like boy you
have no swag ya know it's pretty guys
you guys don't know this is Gucci shoes
off my weight is that outfit new bro
look at these off white jeans bro why
are you flexing so hard for how long you
just believe wait so I know you didn't
buy all this for yourself Lee is
something for a list of some for me
maybe it up I gave you that car yeah I
could have one of them
oh yo so he just said a red but yeah I
know I got this I know a thousand dollar
bag to put my laptop as well
you couldn't easily got a Walmart back
for like 20 bucks and you know don't add
to Africa nobody stays for his laptop
though way is gonna fit in there no bet
no way let's bet the back now let me get
the back if I win I get to endorse come
on guys was just such a bad yeah I don't
even know the signs of his laptop like
what if he has a midget laptop I've seen
it it's not that midget I'm sore about
to get the laptop if Alice isn't here
yeah where you looking so pretty further
I don't think it will fit I don't know
your war so are they
weird dude oh oh wait wait a minute
oh you don't horribly fit there to
hardly know you know what put in the bag
pretty bad yeah dude I really spent a
thousand on the drone I just lost
another 2,000 of because I made a stupid
bag I really I stopped doing that damn
guys I'm really sad yeah I just gotta go
out and do and get my mind off some
things with the home he pulled up on me
was good we bout to skirt my home is
about the Walker on the shooters another
hand coffee totally random people
however the South interchange of me dude
no way you're about to he's really going
up to people and it randomly handcuffing
them guys I would literally do anything
for views but I wouldn't even do that no
what nah dude I got was way too car I
think you need to go up to like homeless
people and they're like be on drugs and
they're like what the heck
who's helping me here I gotta see some
crazy shit man I didn't come here for
nothing no photobomb behind me hold on
hold on one round of hot dogs run a hot
dog I get the ice cream oh man all this
pranking is making me hungry man they're
out of wieners I wanted to wear my mouth
but they were out so we just got some
ice cream all right guys taste tester
dr. Franken my brain which one do I want
I don't like cameras right there you're
not in it are we in a show no no it's
for my mom right I'm in LA
I just want you to pick one you gonna
buy one hello we're sorry
thank you for having heard that
that guy famous there was things are
getting crazy I wonder what they're
talking about I really don't know so I
might just add subtitles wait
damn I think I think he's clouded him
right now
we've been literally like ten minutes
I've been filming the same thing I'm
just gonna turn it off came through for
some entertainment left with to fidget
spinner in a churro but back to the
clubhouse we are back at the cloud house
I think I'm always in like these nice
fast cars I feel like my old Clark just
jealous I bounce a while go don't get
jobs me I'll never cheat who's doing
this why is the racing gumming my car
dog bro what are you doing what did you
do that why what it's not funny bro I
know my name is right but this is not
funny dog it's not funny first a piece
of now this first a piece on out there
I'm searching first the fish there now
this worth the pizza now this bro quit
playing with me dog
quick I've had better days you know
today really wasn't the best day but on
the bright side Minister have the best
supporters and all the people around me
are the homies and all my friends aren't
faking boo get out of his car I'm gonna
get out of my car I'm a slap I said I
was gonna slap him just now but I'm not
rice come bro like I say I'm gonna do
something I'm gonna do it I'm not rice
come rolling I say I'm gonna do
something I'm gonna do it I get it man I
should've slapped these guys she make me
seem like I'm a pussy or something I
know you're an old dude it's only stall
okay what I don't live in peace sitting
down next on the start of the block I
was standing up and why is this dad
talking about mean I never met before
and why was Logan laughing so hard it
really wasn't even that funny I thought
we were boys bro let me come again
no he ran my credit card bro straight up
declined my porno am i good oh yeah that
was rice go kid Donna was rice guy hey
what's up with this Logan what's up bro
it was like paying for something got
declined and they finally went through
names like I thought I was poor I
thought was raised up like calling me
poor alright my financial situation
isn't the best but that's not Quinn oh
I'm so mad right now where I just want
to roast them but I'm gonna go off the
basketball rules and the rules of that
is four strikes in your and I believe
he's had three strikes Oh Logan one more
strike and I might have to do em I have
to hit the studio maybe but like I want
you man but you know I mean like you
cheap sneak this in me it's not COO and
it hurts my feelers so that's gonna wrap
it up for today man before I leave
action I want to show you guys something
boys and girls check this out man look
at this yo check out the new merch man
new tracksuit Gilmer Slayton bar look at
that guys who else is doing it like this
now if you guys want this man so
comfortable back to school fit you feel
me weave swag in that we swag it out
that's basically gonna wrap it up for
today man tomorrow I have a banger for
you guys and I might use that drum but
thank you guys all so much and I want to
ask for too much but like
