and you honestly deserve a surprise
where you've been killing it
yeah cluck come over here bro I got you
a car yeah what is them guys back for
another video all the combat talking
about whole rice is actually blowing
everyday I'm so proud of them yo guys
I'm trying to make it as proud of me I'm
going everyday but look guys I have a
question okay do you guys remember this
happened a year ago when me and Leigh
Leigh kissed REI well yeah that was like
the randomest thing ever
yeah I literally met her on that day and
we just made that video and we just
needed a clickbait did good at bang
where isn't why I brought her up is
because well first off she's chilling in
like what's up with all these Viners
like doing numbers so we got Jake let me
know like dude you should have died with
five out of ten guys no but the reason
why I actually brother dr. Sommer is not
to film a video with Leila and I might
just come and hang out and haven't see
her in a while sure it's just hard guys
I'm at Leigh Leigh as a partner right
now she actually has like this spot like
under roof I know I'm like I'm literally
standing on a roof of them I climbed up
these ladders hi Leila oh sorry oh hi
stuber's all she got on the roof right
now that I see all of our line about
Papa noir I noticed that she is like a
flower of elves I know her name is Leigh
Leigh as far a president but like I
wouldn't even want that we we don't take
elves and
right let's go focus like using all is
good
I love for my love like this is a humor
okay yes nothing city okay I like
totally different
well hallelujah undressing we needed
great cause I don't original wall if
y'all haven't implemented Evangelina it
looks like very much as me open the door
guys just taking care of robbery kids
you know he can't keep his mouth shut
but honestly guys being at Leila is trip
you know I'm really thinking like I
might quit YouTube and just be a
photographer
tyrella hi
as you can see she just caught her titty
she was so we just left Whaley's how
she's so nice do you love my left I love
her family too we love we all okay we
all love her but I was thinking guys
like you know I'm really considering
quitting YouTube but just being behind
the camera and your full-time
photographer what do you think about
that I love you for life Oh damnit event
boys and girls were back home and I
realized that like every house on
YouTube kind of has a name for instance
the team channel phase house no stuff
like that and our house doesn't have a
name I was freaking out I was talking to
base ELISA we came to the conclusion the
size of the house is called the clown
houses so if you want to move the cloud
house let me let me know anyways earlier
I was actually whipping around the
Holyhead the drippy but then it came to
me I was like yo banks loves cars I need
to be going through some shit right now
so I can be like oh here's a present for
all the hard times and if everyone is in
on it I mean she might think it's real
it should be plenty I'm going to try out
though yeah boy are you so stressing
over the shit I brought a little bit I
suppose not but you handling it
perfectly bro and you and you honestly
deserve a surprise where you've been
killing it yeah cut you'll come out here
I got you a little something you've been
in LA you have no form of transportation
right yeah look come over here bro I got
you a car
ah they got I got you restless look dog
there's no way bro go turn it on take it
for a ride it's yours bruh watch your
freaking out my cuz it's all my fault
bro the papers do you want the papers is
your car Jasin by me so I wrote your
name is on it
your name is on it I got to run I got
you rose bro pop it in pop it in what
time hopping it dog yo turn it off turn
it on you turn that you'll find that bad
boy I real quick oh oh I was just
kidding though he's not yours it's just
a rental this is the retro but I wanted
to like try to break you a little bit
wait wait oh wait bro wait hold up bro
it was just a prank bro bro bro bro what
the fog it was a surprise a few moments
later I get a pretty late look guys I
realized that life is a boy wasn't that
long and mine was really aren't that
long ever in strip like I do so much
off-camera and you feel really I'm
working on music off-camera I'm trying
to build up a key in my house off camera
craft Oh every room and it's just like
I'm sorry this what was in that long but
I still trying to close every day and I
honestly really start this everyday
thing like a couple weeks ago and I feel
like I'm getting pretty good at it but I
honestly do have the best fans ever been
you guys always say till the end what is
it
yo whatever couple uh guys doing brought
on jerk-off here and shit oh sorry
alright was just keep it down and sit
like like done until weird shit but what
I was saying is you guys are the best
and I will see you guys come on if you
guys can't I don't know if this is too
much to ask for but could we get 3 likes
