oh yeah what what is this thank you
good morning guys how's everybody I take
the camera right away because I'm posted
every single day it is kind of crazy
that I get to wake up to this view like
what did I do to deserve this
this is a beautiful morning I love
everyone that subscribed to me yo you
guys are the one that put me in the
house I love you guys you guys have been
so supportive but look man before I
start my day I believe summer Rae is
piercing her kneecap er I'm like whoa
this is kind of crazy
I found Alessi I'm about to score is ha
ha ha offer oh I don't think man you're
crazy summer all right I'm back home so
you guys know my roommate banks he's
been in some drama she's actually
dropped two viral videos in the past
like two days and they were both film on
my bed right he had his own setup he has
his own room
but he decided to do with my bed so this
bed is kind of iconic now you know not
only do I make babies on here but we
make viral video all right guys enough
joking around I want to be serious for a
little bit so there's this thing called
make-a-wish Foundation where they go out
and find these sick kids and they want
to spice up their life a little bit so
they tell these kids like yo you could
do anything you want you have one wishes
they could go to Disneyland and you know
all this stuff like whatever they want
and I live in a world where Justin
Bieber and Obama exist right as you
could have picked anyone to meet but
this girl picked me as you wanted to
meet me and I'm so honored and I just
have to do it I mean she's about to come
right now she's like 30 minutes away my
mother spend like the next five hours at
Sur chat way is going to be late and I'm
not the one to do something nice and
then you'll put it on the internet and
put it as my clickbait and thumbnail and
make a full song about it
commissioned me to be my girl okay lady
then I should change why I really don't
care what people think of me if people
do I'm a good person bad person it
really doesn't matter because I mean
deep down inside I know what I really am
so I'm gonna meet up with her she's on
her way and I don't think I'm going to
bring out the camera a lot I just want
to spend time with her and make sure she
has like the best day ever so she's on
her way I'm gonna get ready and after
that though like today is going to be a
litlle so stay tuned but yet for the
people at home they're curious about you
know who this really is whatever her
name is
Oh Donna she's 13 from Chicago flying
all the way to LA to meet me and her
condition is camo glopitt a beta Stella
mess or whatever that is yet to Google
it it is not pleasant
all right boys and girls today we are
doing something pretty incredible
there's a limo out front
I'm trying to blast the music right DJ
what should we listen to in this little
car ride adventure oh this is about that
time smoked wings oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh whoa
Oh
by anything grab it just grab it and
throw it in the bag guys we just got
done playing a game works we ate and now
the last thing we're going to go to
shopping I told it you could buy
anything you want anything just buy buy
whatever you want
I saw me I'll swipe the card don't
matter it went to forever 21 she didn't
like anything but she did why I had a
hot topic now I want you to buy every
single shoe there is I don't care
anything I'll catch you guys at home
fuck already eventful day time to go
back to the crib but we always pull up
in fashion leave guys does it eventful
day thanks for coming she's so shy still
but she's the best way out here again if
you hear things you have my Instagram so
you can just hit me up there bye guys be
safe I love you guys bye alright so we
just wrapped up and I'm so glad than
that thank you man I just feel like
sometimes in life I take things for
granted I'm not as humble as I used to
be I mean how could I be so humble if
I'm limited in all seriousness I'm so
glad that that's just a sit with someone
that's going through some shit and you
know just talking to them she was really
really nice she came to the house
replaced a video game in my room I gave
her some of my merch I maybe went to an
arcade and hung out eight there I didn't
film a lot at all guys once again I was
just trying to hang out with her and I
just I don't want to be awkward oh yeah
and then we went shopping I told her to
buy as much thing as possible she's
about to go to school soon or whatever I
was like don't buy as much clothes as
long as you bought like to think Ohana
if you're watching this you're lit
you're awesome you just keep going ham
keep killing it and look guys before I
go out in this real world I need to
check up on my friend I do about that
bounce bro I heard you're about to do
something I'm going to face sexy oh my
guys we're going to come back you're
going to be a whole different human
being do you can't never go back I'm
never going don't ever have a real job
guys you're getting a face tattoo that's
like such commitment I mean I can't even
imagine look I want to do something
click below the GTR stir stir around
without blood this car is really fast
but the only thing is it has no leg room
you almost get it's like a tad bit
so apparently YouTube really likes when
people dress up as nerdy consoles and
play basketball why do they like I don't
know why is it such a random combination
but look we're going to go pick up some
constant than all these costumes that we
got to get the nerd one bro why not
power eight
play basketball dude I'd answer the
Power Ranger every year for Halloween
you guys have nerd costumes let HS yeah
oh yeah that she got me hi we got to
prepare for Halloween because it's
covered up I don't want anyone taking my
costume like I want to be the fool
that's fine you get what I get 100 bill
which one which one should we get credit
card game yeah
so we're basically about to give both of
our cars he's going to pick one randomly
that's who has to pick could you put
this behind her back in to randomly pick
a card shuffle shuffle
oh yeah so we just secured the Halloween
costume this time I just searched up a
random part for about the spur spur and
hoop of some kids hop it left or right
right left right left left left left
yeah we just pulled out kind of
screaming rice gun
it's already Jolyon is closer to make
this video but my part
alright we have just arrived to hold me
take it a quick since I'm about to get
into costume into character about the
Bala you change right out here no the
homie got click baited it didn't call it
a McCullough classes either I did call
my glasses or shirt bro you got click
Vedic over here what what is this like
bro okay look he looks like a nerd I
just look like a fuckin about nah I just
hearted outfit is really really trash so
I um borrow these glasses yo these kids
at the court court ready does do you may
see behind us look a look you're at the
courts right now we're about to go let's
see if anyone knows who I am
ah
Oh
we just finished our swag wait-wait-wait
away so our window selectively if you
put in the hood in the title I get so
much more to do it looks pretty like
hood to me I don't think it's a hug I
say you just throw it in there you know
like we got cook fated on my costume so
it's like better throw this shit the
whole game I was playing this chick I to
keep adjusting aside boys and girls I
have finally home to homey though got
the smiley face emoji hold on hold on oh
oh love it also
damn that's just permanent it from the
what it is do you think I should get
what you should do I want to get like
the last I guess or the Asian emoji guy
right here does your parents know nah do
they care okay I'm back
you don't care too much yo yo yo yo why
is there a cow my bed man did you rap
