I got rice - surprise I think oh did you
come to the clubhouse you go pick up
some Gucci and now you get to fresh
lineup look at the phase though you like
a changed man that's just looking
looking daddy right now would you eat
this whole system tightwad shit yeah
have you never seen him in real life no
clever your mouth I really like this
shirt you gotta be so bitchy I like the
brand but I really think you should like
take off the undershirt really yeah
because like I feel like you should just
you know show off those muscles a bit
but you know yeah show off the muscles
take up the undershirt or show up the
arms a little bit this yes you said
those what these are the best candy in
the world okay well I'm gonna let you
try this and I guarantee you that this
will be around 50 let's see this is good
it's low-key cries what's the plan what
will you talking shit I'm like a grown
man I need to go out and buy groceries
and buy food because no I need to live
out here I was gonna pay for it and then
they'll hold me sad you got me and this
is why I owe you thank you so much I
really do appreciate it
wait did you say boy what is you wearing
I thought you're from Canada yeah I
wanna be here though take off the
surprise Oh
don't copy it right now no oh my let's
get people's a reaction is the amount of
things about to do but they sure won't
let me touch your eggs so I have to do
it here
alright guys about to go out and it's
super cold at night I wanna wear this
shirt at shelters sure but I'm about to
get cold so I had to put on the jacket
look at this now I'm still showing off
the booty whatever me I swear I always
be dressed in so nice let's hope no
chill come on Paris we have to face
house know that we come to this how much
for two seconds the dogs are already
leaving these wet little shits everyone
ladies Shane everywhere someone pooped
upstairs come on dude why is there so
many dogs taste it taste it
who did this you piece of shit
