I said I walk it falls in this drama to
Bill Brown actually mr. Trump a district
just you know like the nail at the top
and you know Oh
Hogan to drop his new video pool do
locusts video Jake Pollard's we were
talking and I just found out some news
from these three and Nick originally it
was just like an offline conversation
like no cameras involved but when I
heard what happened I was so distraught
I was so in shock I was so disgusting
what happened I wanted to bring this
situation to light so that anyone
watching can learn from this so that we
can stop this kind of thing together as
a community and simply build up the long
story short of it is that Meg was
assaulted by a man last night Owen isn't
the same like community in space analyst
and it's not like if you guys see like
when she literally has a bruise I don't
know if you can see on Kent like you're
not to be like sure who did who did it's
America for whole entire neck so I was
out with friends last night and we saw
someone that we recognized because he is
in our same for work children I didn't
really know whether or not I was him at
first because he has a girlfriend and he
was making out with other girls that I
knew wasn't himself I'm Jewish treated
when I was leaving he sort of
clotheslined me and put their arm out in
front of me know try to like pull me
into the place that they were in to his
table like those are Mountain
like this and I was looking up at him
and our faces were really close and
she's sort of like that reward I feel he
was more extreme it was more extreme I'm
going to do this too next make that tell
us where this is Jake Paul say so bitch
who is doing this do guys mag said that
she you like wash your breath yeah like
he knocked the wind out of me and I got
the wind out of her neck this is no you
should never hit a girl man what are you
doing answering very serious because
he's well-known in our same time and I
looked up at him and I realized
immediately that it was thanks what what
wait a minute wait a minute she's just
very very cold I realized immediately
than it was Thanks so you're telling me
big my roommate was at a club and
purposely just decided to choke you out
but are we talking about the same day we
got I got kicked out a target with me
because I let me tattoo his leg the day
that I did a 24-hour elevator challenge
was when he in a corner is the gun
I assaulted this intestate girl I don't
know man base really is just someone to
put hands on or drilling go Jake's just
dropped the video there are two sides to
every story but everyone skis things in
certain ways and I know who you are as a
human being more than anyone else in
this world he never once explicitly said
that it did not happen which to me as a
viewer means there's a very good chance
something like this went down like I did
happen that's why he never directly
denied it happening and he knows that
there's footage and the police are
getting the footage at with the police
filing the police report it oh you filed
a police report I don't know he looks
really familiar to that one copy of your
other video that wasn't real so like are
these actors again we just don't know
nowadays I talked to Megan so you're
still a little purple and green even a
couple days after yet I honestly can't
even see a bruise and it just looks like
it's kind of dark there but I mean is it
really a bruise I mean how do you even
get one from a headlock I'm an actor I
see through it I can see through people
on YouTube like I don't know why Logan
is even involved in this year's nothing
that even do with this but he's kind of
like butting in and I mean beige is one
of my roommates that he's upstairs right
now and I kind of wanted you involved in
this drama too
yo brow is usually me a drama but Jesus
died for how you feel it right out a
long day yes a lot I've been telling
some African beaching I'm kind of older
you had to do we had to do but I just
feel like just to top it all off we just
I feel like we should drop a district
just either like the nail in the coffin
you know you want to hit the studio
right now it is lay some down along our
bed Oh yo bitches down to hop on the
song this might be the best diss track
ever people are like wait race what do
you mean a song on Jake
yeah but like there's new information
out there's more things or rap about now
hey Paul you guys know that I live with
him for two years and whatever it was a
guy in the white hood is you so out of
place honestly he did assault me be fine
if we never agreed on something or
something happened he would spit in my
face and this has happened multiple
times he was like spit at like my feet
the ground that I walk on he actually
spit on Erica one time to learn she came
she would come into my room all the time
and like slam my door shut like I cannot
deal with Jake right now juice he's the
most sexist racist homophobe of the
video we were filming a video and he had
a part we was like shoved me into like
the pricker bush or whatever like like
storing a cactus or whatever was so he
pushed me way too hard he even told the
camera guy before he pushed me he's like
you'll make sure you get this movie
funny he could've just shoved me he
shoved me all the way to the bush he
took my phone threw it at the wall we
got into a fight I ran upstairs he
dragged me down the stairs there like
two or three girls they're like yo Jake
assaulted me too
he would push me down in the ground was
just very aggressive he's never shown up
he's been on them too yeah he would
never you know what I kind of want a
list of violet on the hook of the Sun I
think she would kill it I mean she did
get out the last time we did Alyssa I
know you like always want to stay on a
drama stuff where you have such an
amazing voice like could you sing a hook
to my new song
I know but your voice is just so amazing
and on the hook
come on like just it's everyday bro is
it like I need I like so quick you die
be like boot like the chicken I thought
you were vegan yeah okay yeah I'll just
order some right now
yeah awesome super foods oh yeah okay
okay all right perfect but yeah guys I
just wanted to make this video to tell
the world that like - I'm staying over
on board I'm seeing all this thing
unravel in front of my eyes I'm just
like you know I want to get involved on
out so look we got a song on the way I'm
working we're about to be working all
that overtime thank you for making it to
the end I'll be plugged into tomorrow
you guys are the best but our squad is
going up because Lolita j.crew blues and
says I'm low-key creeping up our squads
going out I love you guys off
