so what is up guys back for another
video I'll post it every day people
think YouTube is off on a game unicorns
and rainbows everything is fun and dandy
you know it's tough in these streets for
no reason I was always getting roasted
awesome buddy getting roasted as part of
things they can't ever do when you are
always taking you down there's this
ruining Vicki and I'm not really sure
what she does but apparently I use one
of her clip in my video there's
something wrong with this yes mom's
birthday is March 7th but July 19th with
advanced sign that I was playing oh yeah
I just thought it was crazy the way she
was asked it I mean I've just never seen
this before she is so unique and I think
she took it the wrong way because she
made a full video just roasting me and I
haven't seen her before
I don't even want to see it but I feel
like we should watch it together
I seen students long ago got aging they
go write down who home whether fuck he
is like nigga you come play what we
already started she's already storing
around the n-word she's white you can't
say that word is she calling me little
I'm six-two that's not little that's
Paul like maybe you comin for me but you
can't offend me glad to join wet nigga
okay what does the name is better I
understand that I can't attend work
because I'm not black but like she can't
say either drew or not black get that
through her head something like she has
a mental illness or something like
you're not what stop say the Edward I do
need to give money my so my fucking up
like me even about you fatherhood this
in there may be evidence if you what
when have I said I was from the hood
guys I have never said I was from the
hood in my life I grew up in a nice
neighborhood I dated a community I had
some good parents went to a private
school intoxicated about the private
school part of my life I don't know what
she's talking about
she's the one claiming she's from the
hood and blacks there's something wrong
with this girl
you think that maybe if I if you was
ever
maybe you are left a date or two on the
left on meaning nigga I think you tell
me shit about me but you want to be my
lady no I know no I think I wish you
wouldn't say that see the market o bicho
and in on the girl she just said say it
to my face and I'll beat your ass send
me your address Vicky I will come over
then his dance to your face I'll be like
you're not black that grill is
disgusting it probably smells like shit
and you will do shit I actually found a
video of her training and I feel like if
we ever cross paths one day and we're
talking to each other and things go down
I should know what the competition is
working with I should know how her
formation is right so let's take a look
at this oh Lord
get down Oh baby what are you doing what
are you what are you doing off the bomb
already seeing some rookie mistake she
hit with the two-bit combo she lies
gotta defend yourself at all times so
what you're going in your face is fully
exposed obviously right underneath and
under strong it's a message to all my
niggas and in the gnostics I'm tired and
exam talking so niggas okay for all my
other viewers out there that I don't
know what she's talking about she slurs
her word she has this crazy acid she's
wearing a grill that makes it even
harder to understand her she said I
ain't forget a hundred sign emoji dry
she's basically staying over homies are
in jail in prison and she did not forget
she's going to get them out of jail
somehow I don't know how she's going to
do it maybe they killed someone maybe
they did this but somehow she's going to
get them out of jail date day right
right
no I'm going to I got niggas out truck
okay she just shot out the river homie
day day rayray
and nut you have a friend named nut okay
what are these three dudes do what
they're in jail for killing somebody do
deserve to be free I'm scared don't free
them to this world I mean they're going
to go and get me because I'm talking
shit about you mom come pick me up get
you a black girl who can sign like me
sign you're not having black anyways
what is this
entirely on the drive oh my god okay
enough is enough for anything she's
black now she thinks she can sing she
can't do either but I don't even want to
talk about that let's talk about this
outfit I see it on her Instagram I see
in all our reveals she's always wearing
the same outfit
why does it look so familiar because I
have this Dame out but I rock it way
better than you Vicki so take that shirt
off
I leave it to the big boys because you
can't rock it as good as we go buy
something new stop wearing the same shit
every day our let's keep it going
since y'all love the way I son I decide
the teacher all right the last no you
posted I don't think there was any love
I mean what lover you see anyway when we
like the White House turn him on right
here and that's what we are saying she
just said people said she sound like
Beyonce oh there's something wrong with
this girl Brice what yeah I don't want
to talk think of it so I'm gonna show
you how to do sugar didn't not like like
you go like a very loud my very much you
hit the note what is she talking about
not not the same song again you gotta
make sure you have innovation you can't
like yeah rhythm Jun guys River Donnelly
I don't know why this girl is trying to
teach people how to stay when she has
literally no musical talent at all if
this drawer were to go in America's Got
Talent only American Idol or so this is
what would happen
I'm not finna keep telling y'all I'm
tired of telling John missus all black
my grandfather black that makes me black
I think that ancestry.com job dude Oh
her grandfather's black so apparently
she's black and she says no about
ancestors calm I don't even know what
that is a lot about the people and
sester and stress free.com I saw the
other business website called
answers.com you go up there and you find
out stuff that you don't even know about
yourself you find your pads you find
your grandpas and grandmas I open know I
kind of watch hanging out now I believe
it's calculating right now I don't know
how they even know all these information
when I don't even think I even know my
mom even knows but oh my god oh my god
guys oh my god a 1% black a 1% look at
that I don't know how I heard this what
it is but all my pretend like I just did
the n-word out this will be made they
got me a boat I can't even pronounce it
something loud who is giving this girl a
career machine over here saying she made
it she's popping ball she's living
lavishly and I feel like I'm responsible
I have thought giving these four the
tension so the only way we stop this
wannabe black girl or whatever she is I
don't know what she is is to stop
talking about her stop giving her
attention man that's all she wants so
I'm done talking about her but I
remember as I started the video she was
roasting me taking shots at me and I
don't like that I don't like that all
and now I'm mad let's go get it dude
oh my goodness
that's gonna rub it up for now it's
everyday so I literally see you tomorrow
I love you guys in one last big free my
homie
