yo what is up guys I'm back
Cerreta MO I haven't shopped in so long
so I'm bout to fall out no summer was
going to meet us here a nice dear
oh my god Robbie how are you with guys
I'm getting kinda hungry I have made all
day guys I literally broke summers so I
was using and I threw her as she can't
catch her something has a half the man
you know throwing folks is really
dangerous I cracked her so so I'm here
to fix it man guys I really walk into
the Apple store and my song was already
being played walking oh wait guys guys
not she's not a hobby he works ideas he
says he watched the video you want to
hook it up for 90% off know what oh my
god sign up nigga here you know we can
oke Oke yeah we can't have it like on
camera on her like we can like cop in
the wire pants or if I got a really and
they just your pants up no way what that
maybe have half of your pants that hot
cool at all yeah so 90 of them on
understand what what he's never tried it
on he says she says I just hung over he
just knows the size of his foot damn
guys someone really bit off her tan but
guys look at this phone man summer I'm
sorry are you still mad at me because I
really cracked her it was an accident I
swear was an accident Oh
I thought her from UK I came to fetch
him and bring him back to the side ma
don't do it man JJ's tattoo it gets real
real I have I got YouTube tested what
what where laid aside right just fucking
while you're here
yeah the other one yeah you want to go
come on trying to foil you anything I do
too buddy
so much cash one that you too buddy yes
I said he wants to get Gucci so we hit
in Gucci this I just feel invested right
I'll take the price tag we are close
down its par like 20 bucks where you
wake up in the water all Jean what's
going on so we just say a random number
from 1 to 10 right I so already one two
three four oh yeah but no no no no ahh
good all right fine I'll go time
three two one go
we'll be there for a rare rare
relatively I'm here gone they have a
$700 for some basketball shorts guys I
went into the water and now I'm gonna
pull flag in my jeans are all wet so we
need to get some pants for this dinner
look at this fashion guys it's not that
basic H&M shit it's some real-life
fashion shit you know a dabble in the
haters but what happens if the haters
that back look at my outfit guys playing
shirt new pants shoes for you
guys he's spending $300 on this she got
over the dam he really bought a homeless
hoodie for $300 hi guys the flood just
came
are you satisfied with that no over Kyle
toes healthy who would fire everybody
get the following day guys it is the
third day and you guys didn't know I
broke summers phone I still haven't
fixed it and she's way are you still mad
at me summer summer because she's a
bloom does she think she's been ignoring
me we haven't been blog and doing
anything fun because she just doesn't
really fuck with me anymore so we're
gonna fix her phone you guys know how
often a girl uses her phone like she's
pissed public it you know Holly I'm
Bette please borrow your sunglasses I
needed magic he's actually worked every
time I wear sunglasses no even knows who
I am so we're good
good morning class guys I'm here at top
so I either buy a hat because I'm going
to go shopping and everyone knows why I
need to be low-key of you disguise cause
you're that big number hmm
because all-merciful give me a bubble
thought I caught your accident I can't
report on accident are guys on my
Microsoft mother finally sick summer so
let me again are we just dropped off the
phone the phone again fixed up and now
I'm hungry in every matter man I'm
hungry you're hungry let's go cheesecake
we're not confident excuse summer needs
some Salone because she smells really
bad as she's picking up some right now
that was wrong Oh same thing same thing
though doll your dare don't you dare
oh how did you notice me I'm wearing a
disguise right now I'm not only just
sitting outside all right do you guys
know how I always do slideshows and
stuff I want to do a real-life special
hold on hold on
alright have a great life very defuser
get it dude oh no no no no how are you
do you want to say something to millions
of people
why
oh wait what no the girl came up where
where where where where where where it's
over so what exactly happened again
because like I really left you for two
seconds and some drama happened really
Nordstrom I was just Deena smelling
perfume minding my own mind of your
business she walks up to me she walks in
she's after kids crying in a stroller I
don't even look at her she like you
think fuck you I'm like no one's even
talking to you around I wish I was there
I would a roast in her I'm like I've
never seen your life we're going back
and forth she's trying to fuck her I'm
like no I know hi guys I don't even
enjoy shopping anymore so you want to go
watch a movie
let's go we're gonna go watch a movie
yeah wrap this girl right here one right
we'll look
brilliant August
Oh researcher in the bank is right now a
reversal with the promise of properties
abroad yeah I start to test you but they
have or try to keep so much so we went
to a movie to kill some time and as late
as you can see down here photo smiley
face
I mean eaten a tail what are you doing
why are you doing this about well what
an actor oh yeah I'm here in sub Linda's
your you ready was in the studio surreal
Takuya late I Studio C later I studio
late i studio lay nicely we never stop
running got the Fiji on deck man you
know how I'm rocket we haven't
earthquakes on the fat hey pull it out
guys literally we are recording this
song right now is madly we have to wake
up early tomorrow film the video but
like this is a graph people that YouTube
is easy all this all you drop it no it's
hard it's just work your fingers make
you feel make you more just awesome Oh
faces of something
I don't talk about this what are you
could wrote yeah we just finished up as
late as hell out here I feel great yo
it's not here
we're about to gets on the eat I have a
nation all day let's get it
