they focused on producers of YouTube
stars this track I'm in the thumbnails
what what he's just cool gonna go suck
on Jacobs nutsack hey guys it's me again
I hope you guys aren't mad I know I was
gonna upload every day I did 7 days
straight and it just you had to take a
break it was too hard sorry guys don't
be mad at me because like I'm having a
really bad day and if you guys are mad
at me that's going to make me even have
a batterer day because I realized that
there's a lot of YouTube diss tracks on
me whether it's a big youtuber small
youtuber doesn't matter there's just so
many people just talking bad about me
for no reason and usually don't response
like these random people because they're
only making these songs so I can react
to it so I can respond to it because
they know I'm at the point where just
any way I talk about their games
publicity off of me but I really want to
see what people have to say about me so
like let's just go right into it
look dude stay there okay I got you a
hundred thousand pounds but you got six
million hug the only reason you got that
because your own children I wasn't gonna
vote you but in joint with all my sense
how you own a lot a booty is some bait
foot silky dress was a diss track even
the song just started it's ours world
like a compliment track he was like I
got to win a kid but you got six million
I don't a lot of baby Gucci like yeah I
know kind of cool you also said I don't
know how to dress and I was like ok I
guess by well his Instagram and I mean
what are you talking about you're
wearing the plaintiff outfit plain shirt
jeans I mean bro I'm Way fresher with
you you gotta you get big you feature
how you doing
alright once again with the column
estimate here that you got a house in
the hills you give the YouTube checks
like yes I'm doing that I'm chillin with
LA - yes I haven't bad one yet what is
that exactly mean I you know I'm not
looking for a relationship you know I'm
just trying to chill you know I'm just
I'm actually married guys I'm married to
the money how the officers is I'm not
even sort of looking back for any la
models about trying to get kinda
relationships I'm just so determined and
so motive is to get to the top and I've
got hyper distraction we did new you
know UV so I guess you get it cookie
butter roasting that
Melinda you were but a broasted header
prank you a legend I'm over that solid
back she started dope I'll give them
back the light on each that's not like
you get millions out of you so I guess
you get a cookie like no I don't get
cookies like for milk I'm getting wet
okay hey I'm getting bands from billions
of years not just cookie to the thing
that kind of bothers me is like all of
these kids videos are just in the range
of a hundred thousand views to what it
does it feels like nothing to popping he
makes avail with my name and the Tyler
she gets millions of views it's not fair
people are just using my name but you
know I'm used to it tell me why you put
my trees to get pregnant cuz you really
said which chiggers retarded cousin I I
mean I guess it's pretty good next video
man hey yes in fact I know the last one
was trash yes the one what I have said
that rights almost fucking that I
watching every day but really I just do
not know why what what wait what you
said right commit dies but I watch them
every day what does that what pick up
your big of your mud do you like me or
not Joe Frank oh god you Hannah's my
nigga did you just hear the words the
big banks rose you're single but I've
taken her futon that Lambo I'm broke
like when I was her Ashley spinach guys
you'd actually fitted
she's pretty talented I can't get mad I
live by you I'm not going to be some
Dobson's and then run away
Aidan blow it so blonde hair you'd be
making me just think again
come on really that's too far man what's
up why do people come at me for no
reason I haven't done anything to any of
these guys I'm just living life what's
this
you know how old is this kid I really
hope he's not the one rapping I want to
be mad at you
yo erased on your kind of job I'm kind
of dull ya know people don't know this
but like I got a full blank in high
school I on a full ride scholarship to
Harvard I turned it down so I could like
start my youtube career and
hey Don Franco your shit know when you
can't laugh okay thank you from the road
what you're Asian not black and what I
don't think up from that I guess I grew
up in a really nice neighborhood that's
me not from the hood and a lot of people
do think that I act black and I don't
know how you can act the color but like
guys this is just how I am like at least
I found this video on this girl and
there's something wrong with this girl
yes my birthday is March 7th but July
19th was a day I saw that I was playing
like this holds my heart I like my mom
kid says we go white you're white
I never believed her because I knew I
was black with July 19th I did some
history
Alania ancestry.com and I found on
slated class to sit back and it's all
time I knew it I knew I was a black well
at least I will act like that so I'm
chilling but lie detection I roasted me
all the spongebob theme song beat I
think I think that's what it sounds like
but it's kind of fire let's just see we
going Maureen your hands a Sunni country
that's why look if it makes the Holy
Spirit shit you just attacked that's not
cool man you could just ask me nicely or
to offer me a man or something not the
biggest song about it
look this is our game and nothing can
fuck with a ball sack if you think that
you're better in Christ came back so to
conclude this video I really do love
rice ball crashes what what this madness
he just told that it go suck on Jacobs
nutsack in that I just include I love
rice go guys this chance trip and he's
confusing me my mind is all bobble down
I don't get it either you tell me but he
loves me I'll del we're just gonna carry
right on gonna
you get blank stuff so we're back
how's it what's up did you really just
say I'm sore a little bit I used to use
that is doll I mean you're doing the
right thing put my name is a title you
really get some views all right but this
is a diss on me and I haven't heard
anything - hard-hitting yet so Twitter
boom account of my explanation making
kinky my biggest fan - makes middle me -
my nigga wait what okay and he called me
cheeky and then he said I have a 2-inch
millimeter but all he is doing is just
sick then and then and then says the
n-word at the end so I know my Edward I
can't say it because I'm not
african-american but like look good
million my nigga was a million bottle
images
that's my nigger you'll get me
themselves after the whip at 6:00
it's wreck of you ha bit what little bit
show me you just called me out of bed
you said he's gonna pull up somewhere
with my bitch don't take my bitch for me
why is it going to be expelled me and
why is all these music fields that we've
been watching the camera is just so
poopy the cameras copy the items pooping
out I'm am sick of this one man just say
the same thing over and over next clip
Oh free quick easy bun you go down very
quick sound oh allah make you happy put
in 10 years maybe all you see sister
just in 10 years I'll be on the streets
and I'm really thinking about I mean on
youtube I quite like 2 years left and
everything after that is just downhill
I'll be stacking up my money and I'll be
spending it on rent food whatever but
like guys I don't plan on getting a job
and I don't know if I have any skills to
keep a get a job I don't have a college
I dropped out of college so in a span of
10 years there's a high chance I might
be on the streets
hi about Derek and I find it kinda
pointy in a cookie eater guys does what
is this beat what is this be that his
kid penis - royalty free music dancing
oh dad disco music I would all of his
beaters and he's really just talking
he's a decocker there's no writers no
flow there's no rhythm might be a
complement well sanded I don't know why
you picked his B listen to this
No
yeah I don't know it this is hurting my
ears next song alright so the next one
is pretty view is that has two minute
subscribers so he's not completely
rather but he's actually in this side
man can size the leader of the side man
but he left this side there because I
mean honestly every windows alone that
kind of holding him back
I don't blame them and down to size up
to Chris and this guy's told you I'm
assuming so he's making installed on me
HSI because we're both on the tile right
there let's see we have to say I'm on
tunnels total you cannot see what's not
being allotted five other guys you
bigger wait you know Facebook maybe the
first one how come I never Kate goes
wrong in your life speaking on me I
don't know when he's saying guys I don't
know what he's saying I'm reading along
to the words but the words aren't even
fire like there's it doesn't make any
sense
look what I realize is if you really
Photoshop glasses on this guy you're
less identical to the guys with the last
song all right that kind of body the
biggest temples would fade away as I
fade away for to be cleaned away he
looks more examples inside quite a whole
month um so no get it and this is even
about me he's talking about kiss I don't
know why I'm in the title so like not
only is this guy looking like the guy
with the shave God he's also using my
name for views and I curse wart
accursed were already made us thought
about the styling way back maybe you
upload every day I get more views
uploading weekly someone tell me why
this daily like the fat run or Weasley
I'm trying oh I really evolved it I'm so
fired now but back then you know I was
pretty koala cheated out back that below
another side remember to soul to you
another one is mad and you're making
another so I can't I had somehow I've
been involved in this I didn't do
anything why am i involved in this but
let's listen to this other side Mendes
resource oh why okay
he didn't Sufi just evolved into the
first male with it he says you have to
get your textbook you wanna pop Vietnam
through your oh why is he covered I
chanced I saw hostile like that like
cata sighs the bros and no one
disrespected like that I really hope
this guy comes at me sideways because
it's over if he does but keep watching
oh he's 24 about 70 Allah you know he's
really going in on hand side it's been a
minute and a half and he started said
anything about me please roast me so I
can really hit the stupid on my double
cream called one of his loans and he
would yo why he didn't talk about me the
whole song he like kind of compliment me
up yet why am I in the title of this guy
why am i involved if dude I have been
talking trash about me but like Genesis
I was like when you said wasn't cool at
me hsir about to hit this - you're not
ready once again watts of this track on
myself really just destroy my
self-esteem but let's just keep going
well you call that a Weber got no clue
that the only way to run to go through
parts of the deal hey what are you deaf
and go look in the mirror end up so
random weights pulled up how'd you get
so big or X because the foreman
indicated again about you here wa and
better Eggman for yourself and to see
all your gifts chapter holding you back
do yourself a favor and leave their
track to play on your characters we've
got no friends you play our churches you
got no friends
guys why have you a cute thinking a
program is me with a wig that's the
homie that's a separate plan I won't
play them when that's so disrespectful
then that's all
Brooklyn little girls calling me little
Jackie Chan will do whatever when the
fellow Jackie Chan yo right jump you
need to hit the wait arms no skinnies
wait don't get eight days you reply to
people in the comic just like they
picked whatever happens say your reply
to people in the comments is just like
saying pigs fly I do say I reply I
always reply to people in the comments
hold up I'm gonna go with my comments
right now hold up hold thanks for
watching dude I love you and rice gang
gang gang gang I love you bro yo yo
shout-out my boy
a rice gang me out here okay yes you're
like look I'm always reply to comments
what do you mean pigs floods man next
song
damn bring it down to video we got don't
want me to bring out for a long time to
me that real raise gum dish dry bread
but ain't even wanted this time right
some of those to make that practice my
father ensued how is she just in front
of China just filming like that like the
cameras are so stable
she's outside but there's no win at all
like I mean she's in no roots of my
hometown China guys like this there's a
high chance this song is going to be
good please don't murder me man from
Frank gum you might get a pen ain't no
photos will be both three hands one lane
ain't no slideshow with me Rose wait why
are you making up rules like I can do
whatever I want know what I'm gonna give
this to slideshow just and he said that
brah
look at this dude oh no no
come on look at the top of his head how
you meet up with a pot until Christmas I
said you know I feel I could get you
some air
I know you watch the grass they bounce
you will burden with it damn it don't
play but hey any Christmas tree
beginning that will be your land for the
weekend it's addictive makeup each way
you say you know pull with tilaka
dissident beat my ass if I'm caught up
for anyone jelly dip is the last person
I'm going to take with me but I mean go
ahead bro pull up my addresses kind of
public hole up you're going to be my
omelet then pull up Matthew Taylor
earplugs to the house maybe you guys
getting two men wait what's this video
wait what Jake colorful Jake waters of
the new songs of YouTube stars this
TRACON I've been the thumbnail and so is
Alyssa and located and in pew teapot is
that Lisa Kashi what wait Lisa had never
in drama she's so nice why is she the
filter literally what does Lisa ever do
i well this is bitches guided this Jay
Paul father was blind in my district I
mean I said Alyssa I said you compounds
like the Furious and I said tested
hideously gonna be healing and a lot of
mean things that Jacob she might be
replying to all that in this video like
we'll check it out you know what's
enough make them sad a world owe me now
na need you just came from a small town
to ever news public
Malorie only joke saga started me all
the time that leaves the part of the
star being in time I was expecting of
this right I'll fix some linear node
this is a lip bitch and now the front
I do see like that when I was on the
even I look so he was like where was
y'all at when I was on the email trying
to stop the press pants from killing
them stuff he's basically saying you
guys are only talking about the bad
things about me but where were you guys
dad when I was doing the good things and
it's like yes cool they were helping out
you know depressed fans but this isn't
something you like brag about you know
he's like kind of just do it I mean I do
this too but you know you'll see me
bragging about it it's like yeah he's
rapping about all the nice things he's
done but like all these things are just
things you should do just you know
because you want to and you shouldn't be
bright about me I do all these things do
brother but you don't see me making a
song well y'all said it I thought this
was a district I think that clickbait in
it and won at least a code you ever do
to you watching the thumbnail he was a
bully yeah guys you know wrap it up if
you guys made to the answer you guys so
much and if you didn't make it the end
that means you enjoyed the bill so make
sure just drop a thumbs up and if you
are new to the channel what are you
waiting for subscribe all you new
subscribers I know you guys are thank
you welcome to the crew and for all you
old day one subscriber since way back I
know you are thinking for believing in
me and just and just sticking around
right anyways I will see you guys soon
you guys know the drill
comment below Oh bye
