yo what is up guys how is everybody
doing penguin my bed I know a lot of
people are going to be like all I got
right another video about teen terror I
relax all right this one is actually
serious all my YouTube videos were on
roasting people or making fun of you
know it's never really serious it's only
for the purpose of the views and the
purpose of comedy naam stage but
honestly how this whole drama thing even
started was like Jay Paul dropped the
song right so he could have initiated
all of it you drop the song and he was
talking about ELISA violin his actually
he was taking shots at her I had no idea
I have nothing to do with this right
listen who gets me up right she could
have hit up anyone any rapper in the
world that helped her you know she
doesn't really know no rap but she
kicked me and she picked the right
person because I dropped the song and it
turned out good so before I drop the
sword I clearly said no me and Jake have
no problems I'm cool with them I like
Jake but honestly I think I just like
views a lot more so he went to the
studio Mira listen I wasn't trying to
start beef I was just trying to get my
views up and it obviously worked is the
video big but yeah so I thought that was
that right and out of nowhere paparazzi
pulled up on these team 10 members and
they were talking mad smack about me and
then I came back and you know top some
 back like it was just internet beat
you know there's two sides he's over
here talking I'm over here talking
 back and forth it's really not that
serious just for fun again and then
these two kids on team tab leave their
name is chance and Anthony just took it
to that next level for no reason this
posted a video titles confronting the
bully with my face on it right so
apparently I'm a bully or something but
like I could have sworn you said
something about would you do another
song to answer him back now no you can't
put him put us in their title no mmmm in
ours okay okay we get different see look
he's putting me in this video for views
I mean there's nothing wrong with that I
mean I do what everyone on YouTube does
it just like don't act like you don't do
it yeah let's just watch this video you
know we just made it to rice as how
outside his house right now we're about
it but I don't see what happened papa
was probably right but I just want to
say what up you know we're done we're
done with the bull done with it we just
got a man man I have a little kind of
online bullying is so done
man to man bro another doorbell will pop
in what's going on man stop chance yeah
thank you ah nice I was wondering as
we've rights with here now he left way
back way back this morning
damn as you guys can see these two teams
ten members were at my house my address
is not probably I don't know how these
guys knotted if I did some research kind
of creepy
they also said something about having a
man-to-man conversation right and if you
actually wanted to sit down and talk to
me Amanda man you would not bring a
camera you would not have a camera on my
face you know why can't we just talk
right so this is probably to him doing
this for views from a Blissey for
YouTube and and his child is just
pathetic he's gone
how long I think he's inside now I think
he's in giant inside I didn't even say I
think he's lying - come on - I know I
think I think he just doesn't want to be
confronted about this one day you share
everybody shut the door Ian yeah I mean
no whips you probably hit him Neil
you're coming that sort of oh yeah he
definitely knocked Emily knew definitely
spying on us right now yeah he's looking
at us somewhere are these guys are maybe
next to Mike they chained in my house
I'm upstairs walk in my door in my
closet like Lego so like dude I wasn't
home if I was home I would be walking
downstairs and there would be no
conversation it would be straight fist
that day they came to my house I mean
I've been posted every day so what did I
do that
then we go wrong but she's going to be
in the air and she's going to be hanging
off like that are you set up a ceiling
fan and I used to like jump and touch it
and it would feel good my fingers oh
yeah I was in a helicopter with some
arrangement look I was busy that day but
today I'm not busy today I got time so
pull up again chess and I'll break that
chair - awesome we did our best like we
try we're here bro we're camping out
outside of home this house we've been
here for 30 minutes now my boys just
playing basketball he says Rhys not here
well give up we'll give it another get
another hour so and then we'll pick it
up from there so we'll see you in a
little bit about an hour and a half
total here we really tried decide is the
way this should wait outside of my house
for an hour 30 minutes bro
what like find something to do which are
right what are you doing not only that
his friend don't know man who no one
don't so my hope like that except for me
at first it was just Internet video I'm
talking around there time around it's
just comedy jokes in games right but
when you come to my house fill in the
front of my house wait outside for an
hour for me what to talk or you want to
fight I don't know what you guys want
for me but what do you guys pulled up to
crib this internet beats drama whatever
like it's not even internet beef anymore
like you guys are making it real life
beep and I'm not just like chill I could
just type you know beans baked on the
internet like no I'm not in person - so
what are you trying to do because you
know I just assumed at the crib so pull
up I'm ready and that expiated like
he'll come through and this is way you
said what you if he comes to me I'm
going to let them down the know so I'll
be home all day Jam so pull up if you
really try to get to work it's not that
to stay a week at home a relevant video
guys dramatic crab gives is worth your
chance if you come through your
generosity I recorded a play on
worldstar you rear tomorrow row the
support and enjoy this oh my goodness
ah bro look at his dude look at his hair
