yo how does everybody do it back for
another video today is a very very
special day I want you guys to look me
straight to my eyeball I'm looking
straight to your eyeballs heart-to-heart
conversation thank you guys all so much
I just hit 7 million subscribers I don't
know how I don't know how this is
possible
but I just worked really hard and you
guys are just always supporting me all
oh shut up you are only where you are in
life because of me I don't do so much of
your career Oh what are you talking
about though dude I'm like done I'm sick
of it I'm never I'm never getting credit
I'm never getting shoutout is 1 mil so
forever no doubt two rows of servers no
shell 5 ml for no shoutout ever it's 7
oh you still get no shell or all right
share like it's not that serious bro
shoutout Afra happy dude you kidding to
save my last name
are you I'm done I'm done you can't even
say my last name what I gave you a
shoutout break now the Oscar is that I
want to say thank you from the bottom of
my heart yes I work hard yes I post
videos but millions and millions of
people post videos and work hard I mean
only so few have such that strong
following and I somehow have you guys
and I just want to say thank you because
without you guys this would not even be
possible and when something really good
habits for instance like I get a on my
report card
I would run to my mom mom look at this
or if I did get in a basketball game I
would go to my mom's mom look at this
and I hit 7 no and I want to go to her
and be like oh mom look at my sentiments
but you know I live in LA she's back at
home so I have a roommate that kind of
reminds me of my mom and he's like a mom
figure to me so I'm gonna go talk to him
I'm willing to his reaction alone whoo
hey hey hey what you up to right now
oh I see you listen to some beats and
stuff but let's bro I just woke up I
checked my sub count I'm at 7 million
subscribers dude well yeah are you like
is that good seven million bro shit yeah
Brody
should we go pop some bottles they go
celebrate almost well
as you know don't move or you're at like
what like 10 or something you're at 16
yeah no but 7 is still good though right
yes like Oh half - like - so I shall pop
bottles and I should hit the club and
stuff I mean no I mean you can I mean
you just have to know that in the back
of your head
the second thing is own house Wow
well I didn't think about that I used to
be the biggest and now you're in here
and I'm the second I'm just about to be
in your shadow now yeah I uh I'm a
really wait at my side I do want to ruin
it great no no I understand though like
16 is just so much bigger than seven
that definitely killed my vibe a little
bit but I actually understand where he's
coming from and 7 mil really ain't Chevy
he'd hit that like three years ago
probably so oh one last thing before you
guys leave I know I've talked about
daily uploading for years now I always
fell through but I'm on a five-day
upload should get up honestly serious
I'm like keep it going today I didn't
really have a video that's why I'm
making this short one so I hope you guys
aren't mad at me I'm gonna pick right
back up tomorrow with another banger but
if you guys live to the end thank you so
much and one last favor man how many do
not dislike this video - you do that for
me
if you guys can just thumbs on the video
I don't want any likes I want is going
to have zero likes do not like to build
thumbs it down and the reason for that
is because YouTube is like a game right
and I don't know how it feels to get
million of views I know how it feels to
getting really numb likes I don't have a
freely get know enough comments but I've
never even got close to a million
dislikes so how many dislike to this
video get rank guys I'm not joking I'm
going to do to dislike this vote I want
to see this dislike bar just just be so
much zero like and a ton of dislike can
we do that but one last thank you for 7
mil one last thank you for disliking the
video thank you for that I really
appreciate if you are not a part of the
team yet to win to journey to eight
males
