Jay Paul is currently polio I believe
that is Tesla here with the tiny right
now I thought I was going to do
something excited day but once again man
I'm just sitting in the back a summer
Rae's photo shoot I mean I could be
hitting the studio you don't do
something way more productive but me and
some are like this I took the wrong day
to wear black I'm Bernie I'm sweating my
back is pretty my armpits are sweaty are
you sweaty you're fine wait really yes
what oh my god love it yeah you're going
to get them in cool air we're going to
cool you down play yeah guys summers Dan
dresser - she has a photo shoot man
she's grinding I'm grinding I'm posted
every day are you guys proud of me we're
about to go on a boat I've never been on
a boat in my life I'm excited right
stayed up till 5:00 today your men woke
up at 8:00 to go with me and it turns
out which even has to be here so like 12
we've just been hanging around so our
Volvo
Oh your boat you've seen them before oh
yeah we never walk towards the back of
the helicopter okay never do and the way
we approach Loring cool you are not
slick now a few million people know that
you just kind of took a picture of rest
like in a creepy way but this guy gave
me a weird vibe the whole day so I'm
even steady she was like touching her a
lot and all they what the heck how come
he doesn't touch me like that what I I'm
a way down line - oh boy I'm next in
line Jess I'm next in line connecting
like yeah yeah yeah oh man
all right uh uh hustler bird could have
a picture please yeah right now they're
preparing what they would do if they
were in the air
so imagine her being in the air and
she's just hanging off that's kind of
sketch man camera man is also hanging
off but these could easily go wrong but
she's going to be in the air and she's
going to be hanging off like that I used
to have a ceiling fan and I used to like
jump and touch it and it would feel good
my fingers I'm tempted to jump in touch
them okay scared to get closer
I'm damn near crawling on the ground I
don't want to get hit by that road
alright guys I still had this sort of
shoot man I've never been this bored in
my life I caught myself really I was
literally playing with rocks and I was
picking up rocks always play with rock
that's not okay I'm getting darker it's
hot I'm sweaty my back when I just I'm
hungry
where's that I give in to keep an active
an active in that square look at I give
in fifth to the last open after the net
looking at all my god oh god your
nakedness
please say thank you a cop - all right
guys I fell asleep in the car and now
I'm somehow in my bed I don't know how
the summer has another photo shoot and
she asked me if I wanted to go and I
can't say no to her man I mean there's
the most boringest thing ever I just sit
there and do nothing but I'm trying to
get on her good side there guys are on
set right now I'm at I keep my voice
down
I believe this is like a Toyota Camry or
something but beliefs about the skirt
off hopefully she doesn't crash
a few inches later make it move
look at these camera does getting all
the shots I'm just over here and maybe I
should see me behind the scenes Dan guys
you should go so hard huh I try to get a
back shot real quick other guys had to
reposition myself at a way better and ok
guys I'm just over here showing I'm
honestly waiting for the shoot to end so
I can go on with my life switches over
here hanging out play with my balls all
right guys I'm finally home oh shit yo
where we going well I'll be rid of this
shit can I come there out with summer
all day average and you really don't
even tell roll off you don't tell
anybody
plan out all these videos all you care
about is yourself all you care about
with your titles your thumbnails your
views like we will cast it in the trunk
oh and that joins up the trunk man
Oh over here we're a trillion best buy
right now can I wants to start hosting
vids again here for that one
crash bro that's what's trash bro it's
one know that what is trash
no I wants trash but I'll just take that
he has that same exact camera oh yeah
man we know whatever is going on you
know who cares is really it's just
getting away
I need Blues on my bills I'm not liking
these check it if these blues the real
on a bad hunter bass is just like so
before we go home and surprise ksi with
his new camera so you can start posting
again I know row old and stuff but do
you want to go to our table in town yeah
I want to go before we are change maybe
we got some food a let's get it as good
as the food finally came got some steak
the boy got some spaghetti is going on
some mashed potatoes and the boys got
cook rice with your look with something
happen all of us put our credit card in
one pile right and later
does take what random one and they get
the table for entire bill self
all right don't pick Mike or ice well
Oh to the LA anytime was my hottest
hours bro why are you gonna work all
right
are we just got that meeting this
changes that he's better than the entity
no one is barely get anything I never
tell
not OJ brothers really / it I see you
boys
don't do it 360
ah like who has a faster hand
Oh a thousand before we can't buy shit
something can you get it off of me what
alright guys after I got home I haven't
seen what summers doing about to go
check up on her real quick
what what the hell what where'd you come
from Helena were you talking about
any time let me move in I need to get
had an extra room got the paperwork or
like I'm up came a bit later bro if you
want to move in
I mean it's gonna be like my life it's
far about to be like yeah and then you
can swipe on your side right here as you
can edit all your videos they just you
know cut are you down to go down like
10% right no beard over bitch
hi I'm rug nice - yeah be the roomie
here oh she's looking good here and
can't look old 10km I dunno little tent
care month to 10 I'm rights burger on
mate 3 a.m. on for Internet and then so
Toros not be like 420 so if you want to
move in ya know I'm Michelle yeah
listen here boys and girls I saw this
beautiful earth it is part of the most
emotional video actually in a while and
it's pretty unbelievable and I need you
guys to watch it with me Jake wall is
currently pulling on it so I believe
that's his Tesla he's driving back and
listen closely
right here with play right now it's my
someone's program tml that was played by
so long so Jay get in that car and all
the doors are closed so I was like maybe
he's not hearing this song this door
opens Oh survival comes down to percent
response laughing and a third with his
left on the resident ever - that's
karate for youtubers but all joking
aside this is very emotional because
it's one thing to go to your favorite
youtubers house and wait outside to meet
them it's another thing to go to your
favorite youtubers enemy's house and
play my song the best is the world bed
sorry mouth eyes is very emotional
because you guys are all just getting so
savage so soon and you guys are growing
up and every day
Oh
