you know what is up guys I just woke up
and the first thing I picked up my
camera cuz I'm posted every day I have a
friend at the house he stayed here for a
couple days I'm going over my surprise
magician Oh - its breakfast right yeah
first meal of the day
open it up open it it's like a mystery
box I was fine smart bro one chicken
though come on good for you guys I just
woke up man you know desease our guest
and I felt like he needed breakfast but
now I'm hungry man I need breakfast I'm
going upstairs he was popping
right right over lips lately I don't
know it's a new thing that I've done
with my life you like the change not
really like list you go from like a nine
till like a hey let's get out of this
kid I'll just kid I came up here to get
some breakfast man you know first meal
most important meal of the day I don't
even want food anymore I want to eat
something else but yeah guys there's
really nothing to do today so what else
is there to do then go shopping you know
and you kind of come to the mall with us
and go shop yes hey you clearly said you
were going hey yo come yeah two pieces
of original recipe popcorn chicken
crispy strips fries almost all of those
things I'm rich this one that one
screams I'm ready it's only 13 he's
taking off the UK clothes trying on the
American heat you feel me damn bro you
to get wait turn around no man time to
take off this I don't know what he's
wearing
time to put on the heat Gucci on the
jacket he's about to pick up the LV damn
just wear about the story there's no
return dude you already bought two items
I have even buy anything you come to the
class for three days and you're already
one last stop boy why you flex it on me
though haven't bought anything you
really try to show me up guys just got
back home I had to get the homie ready
for the big fight Jay Paul talking all
that gotta get him prepared no wait
a minute wait how does by Gucci and
Louie even prepare for a fight like what
is you talking about yo I swear to God
all you doing is clickbait that has
nothing to do with preparing for a fight
you always be creeping bro just buy your
own business why you always worrying
about me bro you always be clipping it
for no reason right shut up you're so
annoying
damn like we get it like why is this guy
suposed I think it was on my team
anyways that's a male earlier this kid
came up to me and I feel like this is
like a fruity Lee ask questions like
people say this all the time to me and
they're always like yeah alright I want
to start making YouTube video for the
few that want to make videos because
they like making videos or they want to
make a lot of money or they want fame
you should probably start because it's a
good idea I feel like I spent a lot of
time on the internet because I mean a
normal person spends a lot of time on
the internet so instead of like wasting
your time on the internet let's do
something to make some bad the reason
why I'm talking about this is because
you guys say that I inspire you guys I
don't know why I do or how I do but if I
inspire you guys if you really want to
make videos and be famous and make money
or whatever the case may be just don't
one do it it's really not that hard
people always say what camera do you use
what editing dis is that like it's
really all you need is like a camera
like so you can use your iPhone here and
you guys start a subway if you don't
know how to edit and do all these
special effects I mean nowadays it's so
easy like there's apps made for it like
check this out
I can tell that you came with a busy bro
hey ain't nobody ever heard of the show
ain't got a bitch that remind me of my
fury from rare when I see rhyme like
but like making cocktail you don't have
to be fancy like you can just do it all
on your phone or just get a little cheap
camera and guess what one day you can
blow up and we can go shopping it's
spent a lot of money because we're both
making money off the internet oh yeah
and how I did all those special effects
that was literally on my foot it was so
easy Knology is getting way too advanced
but yeah that was going like if you guys
want to get it yes probably should it's
pretty useful I'll put the link in the
description but if you want to fly
around blow out fire this day the amount
of things you can do on the app is
pretty dope yeah guys I kept seeing
comments about I want to start doing
social media I want to start posting
bales like guys honestly there's so many
social medias Instagram snapchat YouTube
doesn't matter what you do but if you
actually want to make videos you guys
start now because day by day there would
be more people more competition but yeah
guys really random video guess what
tomorrow is a new day and I'm gonna pick
right back up I'm probably gonna hit up
somewhere and we'll plug it all filled
out all figured out I'll see us tomorrow
thank you guys made to the end if this
bill gets more than two likes I'll keep
this streak going I will post tomorrow I
love you guys you guys are the best if I
could give you guys a virtual hug I
would I will see you guys tomorrow
