I need to get my way to college it is
all about the scare of summer-rae how
are you good boy good morning you're up
I know I'm just really bored how'd you
get all these new clothes watch your
gene drinking yeah do you think I could
fit those yeah sure it's like this is
only me where elbows please Allah no
other guys you should wear them a day
oh is this a bathing suit isn't work
here yeah it's pretty Joel you know what
should we go to the beach and just like
walk around the beach it
look at me I'm bored so go to the beach
where you're in the car there is so much
traffic guys are you bored right now
because of the traffic
Oh much traffic people think la is all
cool yeah everything's cool but like
there's so much traffic woke up really
early cuz you know I had to post this
video and I blogged all day and now
we're back out there so I'm tired I need
this like some energy drinks to just get
me lit let me lit that you gotta be
there for me there's a beauty we're this
close guys look who I just ran into the
one and only Joe what's up doing in
Venice we're eating some food right now
and we have a busy day ahead of us got
some broccoli steak and some mashed
potatoes let's get it why you need a
fruit are you not hungry I'm on that
summer 17 diet
I ate summer 17 diet joso recipes now
Jesse put me onto this bike I'm telling
you right now bro I'm not pedaling
there's no gas it goes by itself it's
kind of fans watch me a little too long
and I know how are you level up come
back and when I get around or other like
your entourage my niggas was like the
origami got him girls way and I'll in a
lobby by my baby store I have a side
yes my name is - it's like they all
right yeah you got a good way and I'm in
an alley by my baby so I have a side
yeah it's a gang as you enter you up I'm
going divers all up in my mouth
I'm still like a water I feel like I'm
on top of the world
look what you do guys you could fall
right out we stick it to the best
photographer I go oh yeah just you
working his magic right now
you already see the shot oh look at that
guy's oh yeah even how it's been changed
but there's no like bathrooms or
anything here they really disgusting
guys boxing oh yeah here just going in
there and we'll just drop you have one
right now just early for the camera
today the sacrifices and help make my
blog with walk with that show my boy
imma give it her massage until a
long-dead missions up early Pollyanna
left answer to get it out
all right
I never you know Jesse's into the
spinach shit so I think he's about to
hop on these hoops and do some freaky
shit this is currently putting cocaine
on his head right now it looks like he
just need some tougher donut he's about
to hop on these moves and I'm fairly
it's hard it look it doesn't look too
hard yeah she's swinging like our Jesse
so we've been out here for 10 minutes no
one has yet to go all the way back and
back with G of Jesse struggle you know
she fell deathly okay okay okay Jesse
out here Jesse out here but guys it's
all about strength and just managing
your strength you don't want to use all
your power you know at the start let's
see if you can go back though yeah I
guess you can go halfway but could you
go back though yeah like she's just
flying around my boy really out here oh
my boy you're looking like a fireman
there you have it boys and girls all
about being fit and we out here as they
were about to try style against America
all right has been a pretty interesting
day we've been doing ton of stuff but
jesse is bringing us over here we're
going to do even more crazier stuff what
exactly are we doing we'd be doing some
Akron oh good does that mean two people
doing like acrobatics flashy oh good Wow
sit down like we sit on the bike and get
a rapid leg truck okay that's it just
kinda like trading yourself balance okay
okay okay please think easy tonight Sox
are coming off boys who is watching this
video without socks
and my foot all round it up
I believe with you this is a crowbar
John find them on the ground you're
probably actually better cause if your
hamstrings well I don't work yes I are
doing it okay you know what's going to
three Cuates I go for it all right
okay summers like today's and I like
really try to keep your ankles over your
over your spell but that doesn't matter
how is it possible
how does gravity even work guys look at
Jesse man is so much stronger than me I
need to have pathetic houston the need
lockdown Benny
got it
guys this is what we do for fun man
stand on people shoulder all right guys
this is how we squash the beef I just
got a stand at his shoulders like Super
Furry really shoddy you gotta have it
right here after all jaws and expertise
by the put her in seven poses real quick
but I need to get my weight up but I
came and I can't be balanced I never
knew just put this is just holier with
what you arms bro I can't even do that
you know I really need to get my weight
up bro I'm getting mad please is push it
around a lot eases balance or
no thank you and then bro what's for one
benefit yet
backward statement on like that turkey
rainbow oh there we go alright guys we
finished the acrobatic yoga whatever
that summer is gonna get dressed into
this new outfit and we're about to do a
little photo shoot okay do you want to
go in the water
do you want to get wet see how these
shoes boys and girls Gus I've already
posted out right here go Jess you work
your magic
yeah guys man people think you know
Instagram pictures are easy we had to
drive all the way here two hours walk
there you know it takes a lot of time
people think it's easy enough so I was
playing in the water and I dropped my
camera and died so now we're back at
Jesse's apartment
I don't know why they're all good oh
yeah oh oh that's a screen saver for
sure I'll put as my desktop iPhone 4
screen saver but I think I see a rebel
next year at Venice yell Jessie thank
you for having me it was a fun day when
you killed your mouth Oh tell your
problems to come hang out on me are they
in Cuba do you guys need to go check in
those guys it's art season oh jeez are
you at 10 Mel get into 20 bill you're
done and you should be inspired to get
that right there bro I really want tie
ties this is a diamond played by ten
million subscribers one day one day I'll
have that guys I got home from the beach
I just knocked out read the Sun shut
down all my energy I don't even have an
outro I don't why don't have an outro I
hate waking up man
man the house is so quiet through
summers room
she'll wait yes summer fall one I was
not expecting no summer summer summer
hi you know how's it going it's like
five but I just need to wake up because
wait do you want to be on camera
luckily okay no no you don't but look I
didn't film an outro for our video today
we did an outro so just tell them to
subscribe and like the video stuff oh my
gosh this is our actual ultra no left
thumbs up thumbs up Christ Rose so sad
because we're daily uploading right
every day every day every day look into
sleep I'll go to see a Buddhist hello yo
are you drinking off yeah I got a
surprise for you bro I heard you wanted
to you know start posting again maybe
