what's your wife--your bro I don't know
what is up guys go back for another
video you know this daily grind never
stops I just woke up a really tired look
I can't sighs for a man it's getting a
little bit better we got the bad buddies
welder come any second now so we really
need to make that gift basket because we
haven't even made it you know damn bro
he's gonna love it yeah guys look how
thick this basket is filled to the top
they're just candy it is all sorts of
surprises down there all right guys I
think is going to be very happy and
let's transfer this is real guys you
coming later today so I can't wait I
can't wait to get his reaction it's
going to be sick 20 minutes late them
are so he's produced a basket case I
should come in like two hours so we're
going to get a crazy reaction out of
that and then Stuber convinced me to go
to the gym with her I never turn me back
down for a good three hours you begged
me oh my okay fine whatever I just
posted my news video and all the nice
comments I just want to say thank you
man like that all those last comments is
making me pick up the camera again and
posting again tomorrow so we're doing
daily upload but yeah guys I realize
like I'm a role model for a lot of kids
so I really want to you know push you
know fitness and I want you out there
and being active so let's go to the gym
our kids at home make sure you guys
stretch all your body parts so she's
like rolling out all her like ligaments
or something I'm not sure
all right so I believe this is for your
like shoulders I think she's a guy so
she's over here I think she's doing
biceps right now
pretty dope guys I believe she's doing
chest right now
I just made the biggest mess how does it
happen
because you're special embarrassed all
right guys looking out the gym coaching
shake such a great workout right summer
we really got some rich where where was
your workout I was working at all right
Cindy was looking thing he just sat and
watched me this is for your eyes I
haven't been flexing that heart of you
guys but Ricky on the other hand my
environment yeah I might need to go
Carlos to go shopping all the time but I
don't even shop anymore because I need
to save money is donated to kids in
Africa speaking about kids in Africa
cash tide is about to pull out right now
he's from the UK is about to come to LA
especially the trip I can't wait till he
come by so the bros got this Louie
Vuitton backpack and he had this artist
coming and painted I haven't seen it I'm
expecting a lot of fire him it sucked
I'm gonna be honest oh shit oh okay
oh my god it's Iron Man Rose really got
Iron Man it has hard dogs oh shit he's
not too good at eighth grade with that
on the shitter same three serials go
drink
weather was so slow so bro I can't I
drove on that elevator right now blink
guys my first time to meet again so I
don't want my chair which is all over
the space is kind of weird I was
blocking it also I was gonna have a
gentleman I'll turn on later funding it
simply 7 seconds late am i bro here's a
rude man so pleasant boy came to say
look it's oh wait so she was rolling
through and I know I'm a huge fan so I
got on my basket yo chill your breath
away bro oh he got the balloon I got a
custom Lu I'd like the man knows well
cuz I know how you're rockin Brown oh I
don't we just finished but you've never
tried swedish fish bro pop that bad boy
open real quick is it good
I think it's good bro damn he's flexing
with the rolling you know what is that
it's a bus now bust out I was like so if
I old has never had a Swedish Fish never
has been fish do you swim in Utah entity
never has swedish fish are Peter Randi
did you like you bro
it's alright mate I hope you feel at
home bro and you can stay as long as you
want
I got you dog even though you really
dissed be hot alright so for all you new
viewers out there that don't know what's
going on let me retrace your memory okay
Jessie right here he used to hate me and
he dropped a diss track on you make you
try that are only 13 I asked your black
friends why the fuck are you rapping
they busted out laughing yeah I guess it
was pretty good but boy I had to fight
her back i'ma hit up Gina and we might
just make a baby you don't have a viral
bit unless it features Casey says you're
going to knock me out psych boy I don't
think you can delay I feel like out of
all the diss tracks against me yours and
Andy's was like positive that's why
you're the best one but mine was better
than yours you did some research I did
you did research nothing about people
but I like the wave you alright yeah
thank you babe bro thank you David
yes guys guys no burnt bridges we are
all friends ain't no editor yes it was
all over bowl breaking we break bulb
over it we just bread bones so you know
I drop some merchants you're into
clothing and stuff right I wanted to
talk about what is a jacket that folio
this is actually really good quality
yeah you like it like you tuber it is
inverse does matter in all this work
it's very a trust our fuck would it be
the tag on the back oh these are nice of
course of course
is it nice yeah I got the zipper yeah
yeah yeah she have really making this
they were doing it big out here boy I'm
so summer Rae's about to go to a party
you know I got to stay home and make
videos that you're out here partying are
you going dog no you're going to a party
another Austin though I really like this
back it is let me hear it look at this
guy you're like it's like Kris Kross you
here I like it I want it I want it can I
have it
you're ruining it
it is ruined oh my that corner turning
out
weight-wise fullfil it's too cold I'm
sorry about that let's turn it off right
now I just talked about the shower and
team 10 just reacted to my new song
finally it's about time let's watch it
together in the hill town I was faced
with a nice baby chill out 20 then you
blew all my bills I'm not like a leaf
under everything I got his grill now
what I'm out yeah guys I just hated that
that's not real I just thought it was
what a joke look I was about to go to
sleep but my rapper friend rich the kid
is about to come over now we're playing
pull from fun at first but now we're
like let's pull up with 10 bands in the
winner-take-all for you down the road
right away is use now I got some iron
rope with his hands panting we've
confident ooh how you scratch on all
right and then wipe it down on it I need
my men
my dad oh you hearing oh I'm kind of
nervous we're waiting forever
oh oh I got two valid no no no yeah no
Tommy Mac celebrating leg above but
celebrate celebrate must be sober be
gone oh yeah
damn money that is me
yeah I won hahahaha
how you feeling how you feel about that
bra so terrible I want to go to
Disneyland I bring my family
you
you
