don't go back for another visual how is
everybody doing I miss you guys
bye guys I have a quick question do you
guys know who these guys are
and if you don't is because irrelevant
if you guys do know who they are is it
because of this time and if it is well
that's how I found out about these
cheesy they're not in either those of
you might know who these kids are is
because of jig man so I first seen any
of these kids talking trash about me
allocating man because boy dig holes or
death I did this all by myself
but yesterday I came across a very
interesting video and I think that we
should watch it together what do you
think about their song um it's every
night this I don't know it was it on the
top charts Beauty was it I don't know if
they made top ten out of lug all right
first off the bat I believe this guy's
name is Anthony or something but he just
said hello with some smart remark er I'm
sorry my son to get top Contador's only
just because Jake was just spamming
everyone I do this do that I would never
tell my fan what to do anyways carry on
you guys think they're kind of pretty
baby about you guys song that it was it
was dissing them one time are they just
avoid the question but I want to ask you
guys some let this sink in right now
imagine being a guy that just goes up to
people and takes pictures and like
paparazzi but not even for Justin Bieber
or cuddling you're not even getting ran
over by Justin Bieber you're just
interviewing like random YouTube stars
like your life is pathetic and I also
want to say something why did Tesla does
not say anything like she was like
scared of the paparazzi's like because
what we bad person she had a lot of
things to say to me oh what's up right
yeah I'm hideous eight yeah yeah okay so
like it was it I needed something that
could arrive with me and it was a swab
or a date this girl really came up to me
in person didn't ask me hey right do you
mind if I blog she just came from camera
already on and I was so unexpected
I didn't know what to do look at my face
I'll avoid what but I was in a good mood
that day was VidCon and I met a ton of
little nice kids I want my bill so I was
in a great mood so I did want a roaster
right so I just gave her an excuse like
huh yeah you're not hideous I needed to
rhyme with something and she said I did
run don't ever disrespect my abilities I
said you cheated on a good girl tested
hideous and then you got a billion
analyzing Phineas
yes hideous it is hideous Iran okay cool
so if you guys are concerned about the
it's every night States video at all
okay it's not even relevant what are you
talking about I got fifty eight thousand
views do you even have anywhere close to
that
who even hit the kid drew a relevant
cause of Jake you're not in the road
okay okay okay oh here we go again what
do you think about a rice guns new song
God Church have you checked it out
I don't screen man people just do
anything for these days dad there's no
quality this is no quality content on
the end ok people will do anything for
views what this dude is the guy that got
married for views who does that what do
you review and do any reviews I was
making music and then he's over here
talking about quality of vision boy or
see that's how we're living come around
time you'll find me sitting could you
guys blew up off this every day bro
would you do another song to answer him
back no no you can't put them see they
put us in their title no demin art okay
okay we're different
alright I had enough I know where is the
kid I've never put this guy in my title
in my life
I'll put this in my title no one knows
who you are stop talking like you're
doing something and what do you need you
don't put me here title look at test
this you prefer click that a loss blog
we only talk to like ten seconds but I
guess I'm equipping that got more using
both of our other videos I'm just really
upset because I've never really made fun
of these kids I made fun of Jake but not
them and now they're over here taking
shots at me call me or melons or making
me feel a little I'm not on the charts
whatever so help out a lot of them
coming at me first I'm allowed to make a
dish track back but I'm not going to
though guys I feel like I should lay low
and you know just be more positives but
one day I think it's going to happen
maybe next month maybe into my condo but
for right now I'll be chillin I'm going
to be on this daily drive promise you
and even if I'm not posting I'm making
moves outside of YouTube so whether it's
music or whether it's trying to build
this sick ass house to be even sicker
anyways I will see you guys tomorrow
oh yeah before the grill head but it was
a shout out to kids react to reacting to
my songs they didn't react to any of
Jake Paul Simon
check it out like Kylie Jenner XP I got
his girl she's not an animal
this kind of like a take I'll call her
baby I'm not like Bieber
I don't ever give it up my your life
your saddest day every day my fever what
I told you didn't need to go and watch
page including one you're trying to
catch a pasty mmm here's kind of a half
roll on top ramen try to write the fuck
outta my hands game instances whatever
like a cool game you know me you fucked
up in the head
I don't like that boy look I'm paying I
do enough don't feel like my second off
you want to do is fuck she's no better
than you see I don't know um I hope that
it lips in Turkey name it's just not
interest or we're also shows is a
carbonyl yarn everybody see you that
will just admit that's fuckin RPGs know
what this be I'll know I'm like
Nolan get your cash she got ran through
mad cause bastard okay y-you gasta my
buddy went to stop the fuse you can't
catch up take my money get the big
picture dog horde oh my god - the fuck
course 12 students don't like a doctor
too much how to do so I did see I don't
know I like that I can tell from that
level is true and I just spent all my
opportunity I have to Club it up
literally to never fuckin every second
half new girl on this truck she told me
this is raining so what this Bianco all
my room only to make it look like this
now that should be nice this one was
probably back any part was crazy
whoa this guy is me so did you think his
district was good enough I hate it out
there no but I couldn't like take my
eyes off it yet yeah of course yes yes
it is my books they're funny thinking
yep
