what a nuclear note about late well very
lonely you're going agree yeah I'm going
to I don't know when the smell stay with
that I'm saying with a question right
dog look who it is
what's up what are you up to just don't
yeah it is kinda messy what are you
doing summer okay look I want to ask
something
do you are you bored of just staying at
home all day do you want to like go out
in the real world and and do some stuff
alright guys you know summer has like a
BMW man you know I'm kind of a messy
little working hard boys shop as Justin
see she's his dad don't you see dad
comes our way my way see guys I'm waving
alright guys so I'm in this park with
summer she's navigating right now I hope
she's a good driver but today summer has
to do a few things I've just tightened
along chillun so we are currently going
to this place I think summer is going to
trial from gene that she said on the
transom jeans could you tell me if I
look good I'm like shit I'm a tag-along
but it's a pretty long car ride and I'm
pretty bored so name five states build
it over here I don't anything ask for
you to do one so no durable Randi candor
Pennsylvania alright so we just have to
make a little pit stop just woke up and
I need some like coffee and cat because
I'm already energetic but on top of
coffee I'm getting even more crazy nice
numbers just bought Jesus mommy they're
making you're making fun of me
it's hot dogs and cheese what the hell
yeah oh boy okay just got my coca-cola
Frappuccino I miss my first time so much
so I didn't know it again oh that's why
we're giving dip dip an active an active
an excuse to get your business to the
last urban African there is enough oh my
god oh god you like your next please
head into let's go up to my office we'll
stop right now she's doing some big move
although I feel out of place but I'm a
tag-along
when you got one an advice for me I like
the light color these nonetheless say
like so fellas we have users paper door
which goes anywhere I wanted to g1
aitana like my mom struggle but I've
been to Vegas too many times for drugs
not even over I got this one which was
the rebellious yeah and you know what
happened twenty thousand I boarded why
is he trying to start shit with me now
I'm really mad
alright guys are finally done I would
also reducing like pick it out clothes I
was there thinking that knavish it but
look I do finally out that room dude out
of will is no doubt there's somebody
call a physician right needs me
stop stop how many means you it's just I
thought you were about to try on jeans
she told me I got click baby she said yo
come to me over here i'ma try out some
new jeans and stuff she did metrology
thought she was just in this officer
it's ok I forget her right the gals in
me your honor waster skirts a warmer
pick it up chance line all these stuff
so he's just happy now I'm saying I'm
mad hungry could we pick up some food at
Petco that's why I was taking you yeah
I'm just gonna cook up a dog or so I was
joking about the peck on thing we're at
Chicago and we're bout to grab some food
so yeah she got a wife beater on about
the best Thank You Whoopi Travolta
chorus dog we did whoa
today has been such a cluster we thought
we were going to go to Walmart all day
but we're going to switch it up a
rotatory actually because I want to get
kicked out of there we need to meet up
with the big just a sign base your
friends to an operetta camp size so we
want to give them a present together for
some zapato
how are you eating water driving we're
do it is called still squeeze rain if
you're away my own way
we have just arrived back yeah we gonna
have to see you all day boy I reunited
with the boy I don't care sighs crashing
at the crib we're always keeping it
friendly he can always crash whatever
source what jeans yeah yeah lysines
yo these are the exclusive rice jeans I
guess okay size room the mattress is on
the floor so we need to get him like a
dope bed frame I'm not sure which one
are you thinking I like this one too
it's 400 bucks stealing stealing yo how
does it best it out yo yo you thinking
out go quit fucking around so I guess
we're picking up this bad Kisai is about
to be smashing some broads on that
vision that will kidnap of he's topping
a rock oh sheeeeeit a long one can dog
Lou trashed it ah banks about to make a
cop but guys these lights are part of
the coolest thing is that transformer oh
shit that's numbers rug and that's
babies rug spin it around
shoes got hit in the face with the cones
is Jerry Allen IKEA Oh what bro I got
some on your beard is it yeah should I
go put that in the ball cone gang hey
what's up bro okay
temporary out of order
I don't know England or don't those are
very successful trip and I hear we
caught the bed frame you will now be
sleeping on the ground also not elephant
ice cream all that now we were a target
because he deserves a gift basket guys
basically these two other guys came in
another car or both in the parking lot
we got a skirt to target it's a ruse
it's a race
I don't ever take a look they just
pulled up we pulled out first all shit
we're back at Target bro you remember
last time we were here is me hey guys we
got a band out of that last Turkish
we're gonna lay low I think they know
we're here somali i'm in a heart come on
come on bro you should have grabbed it
bro you should run cast eyes coming to
the crib what should we get them bro oh
yeah what's up for sure bro
know what the one man we just we want to
taste how to feel at home type of movie
you think we should get a kiss i in case
he wants to like watch a movie with
spaceship spaceship is a classic and all
the drills with spaceship so he'll put
that's a good use right
no bro he was talking shit about you bay
he was talking shesh where he was what
jewel dip-dip dip-dip dip-dip dip-dip
yeah you can make use you hey what you
think his fair snacks are guys i'm also
grab him every snack in the book so he
just feels at home
like this you still love us gays and
therefore is what about these base
loading it up kool-aid
grape juice tissues cheese balls that we
ate all the ball stayed down so we're
gonna help you support yo guys what does
that look nobody havin a shit all day so
we stopped there at jacket a bomb about
to get some booze give us a ride show
how aggressive you are don't give us a
ride show how aggressive you are
someone's a girl guys we're all of our
house is so pretty
also now that we're home I shake hands a
room that can size up the trash it and
look at it dude I'm so importantly he's
a we gonna want to stay here the crab
unit up is nothing so on this date up by
tomorrow I'm really tired we have them a
gift back is that what we get canceiied
YouTube og man like I respect them but
my favorite thing about this room is
like you'd be going the balcony comment
your boys and girls Oh guys they need to
clean up let's just leave it try to
rebel look guys on the balcony just open
this up and we're connecting me a cast
iron you'll be connecting and we share
the balcony making a video well sir oh I
see you guys drive did I see you guys
grinded look good huh all right I'm
gonna hell yeah I don't see you all day
hardly oh no no the pool is looking
pretty chill guys party but if you're in
LA pull up to the crib party ah hi guys
I'm just kidding there's no party and if
there was it's already over because this
video is on the next day so don't show
up to my house that's kind of we're
about to have a bottle float competition
here's our first contestant up first rot
ooh
all right there you go follow up with
that play-doh you up - here we go Dahlia
shit one time
wow you said I can also hit it first try
- you took the hot summer days you can
you top that the winner gets a million
dollars just do it go right out me and
my
she's only helped vilifying to myself
the foreign started a key el lugar belt
five-star hotel buy everything on a rack
buy everything on the shelf
I'm making my life itself
