yo what is up guys back at it again but
let's be honest guys this week has been
a pretty chaotic week like there has
been a lot of drama going on this whole
week I'm exhausted I'm tired and I'm
calling cliff I'm done with all this
drama I'm done with all this
teddy messages I'm sick of drama I'm
over it time back to normal video is she
talking to Alyssa this is like I'm llama
just like everybody to get a free room
and then usually is like somewhere now
got a model oh my god that's not a model
first it was Alyssa that she's making
fun of summer that's a model my left toe
can be a model a lot of makeup guy
that'd be real just randomly appeared
but I was confused why I said we'll just
randomly making mean comments about my
friends like I'm kind of friends of both
of them so they don't object in the
middle of this but I mean honestly she's
a senior doing rude comments at my
friends for no reason you know that her
office like this gamer youtuber and like
these two girls are just you know
Instagram models or whatever they do and
like completely related this is so
unnecessary how they're causing drama me
being the guy and I never have anything
to do with these type of drama so I'm
gonna somehow get involved because we
all know drama gets the most views and I
can't miss out so high summer what are
you doing okay look I know you're always
gonna give you okay look I know you're
always in a good mood of stuff but
someone just roasted you yeah so what
roasted here watch this hey noob Italy
I'd like some now not a model oh my god
that's not a model look that's a model
my left toe can be a model a lot of
makeup
well you're not mad she called you a toe
I know but why the left toe and not the
rest what's wrong with her right toe
does she not have a right toe I don't
know well yeah what is wrong sir
which makeup yeah what is whatever are
you not mad at her you don't want to
roast their back we don't want to get
rid of engine I like that spirit okay
well I will see you later
oh good I know how alistun gives with
drama she hates drama so hi Alyssa and
you look really happy right now
you probably want to hear this but
someone roasted you again
yeah do you know like SS Viper wolf or
something like that what have you heard
of her she's like a gamer no wait wait
sniper hold the vector one that has like
the leaked sex tape in the delete news
like other good watch out for stealing
it like trying to join change like she
couldn't and then like tried to bang
like face and then he said no and has no
job yeah yeah yo chill
yes heard yo she is oh yeah well here
watch this she roasted you you need to
do something what's the video what that
is she wrote she rose to do my mama just
like everybody being in a free room oh
why would you do that I don't know like
I saw it online person me being your
friend I just have to show you it you
know I mean I know it was so unnecessary
now I mean you can I think you should
fire back on her you should do another
discharge why are you looking at me like
that you got it all by yourself
yeah guys I would love to but I need to
stay away from drama no way like dramas
geared to see what oh shit
okay now you're talking hold on wait so
I could have him yeah it's a girl right
you can have her
you in the studio I asked in the studio
by
you
