yo what is up guys back again this is
the first time us talking ever since I
dropped that video so I haven't really
even got a reaction yet so do you guys
like it honestly it went pretty well I
just want to say thank you guys also
want to the support the hype just
everything I mean so much to me it's
literally sitting out like 10 mil with
like 700,000 legs Wow but yeah just was
say thank you so much and today I've
actually wanted to try something so
there's a series of genius where real
rappers go on there they sit and they
talk about every meaning in every line
of their song and I think it's pretty
dope because I want to break down my
song but I don't yeah I'm big enough to
go on that show because they haven't hit
me up yet I really want to sit down and
explain every meeting to my song so I
think I'm just going to sit in front of
a wall and headed it really good and I
think it's the same exact no one is a
boy rice you know I got a tweet cos s
who taught church about what's the song
about I got you guys I was broke but I'm
living in the hills now I was crazy but
this ice made me chill out note plays I
need blue or my bills I'm not like Kylie
Jenner everything I got is real man so a
lot of things that I would like kind of
dream about as a kid it's like you're
real now you know everything is coming
to reality and thinking about County
Janet is like there's a lot of rumors
about her getting plastic surgery a lot
of our body parts goes big so I like her
I was going to go this will now when I'm
out you'd be staring like you sliced it
I will not call her baby or not like
Bieber I don't ever give an S like a
nice teacher flopping I'll just keep it
at 100 like a high like a nice teacher
like she would never fail you shall at
least give you a d-minus my show router
grade up or some red or give you extra
credit who knows
so I'll ever give it up like a nice to
Joy I just don't give an F about
anything and then you know I keep up
honey like a high fever the thing is or
100 is actually a low fever on it is for
at the height of you for so I kind of
got exposed thought I told you that you
need to go and watch your face you're 70
she's 21 you're trying to catch it 8dn
after da
was trying to take me out and did go
blob stop rap and trying to write the
fucking way it's a ton of youtuber
though this just trying to rap Diddy the
stop like they get a lot of views from
rapping but I mean it is does it sound
good like at least get better every song
like me I'm the best but I'm slowly
working on my flow lyric no I'm trying
to get better than I mean I because I
just throw up stuff out there just do
they get these nowadays they use they
hate tell me that I wasn't going thought
look at me now I'd be pulling up in
foreign cars which one
bitch I cannot pick one he said it's the
Rory or the rage or the big one I
remember in high school for like three
hear that played basketball in those
three your nose without going get a lot
of Fred and that fourth year although
you know why this is all pointless
friends tardy basketball whatever
pointless was the bad one to the NBA or
anything no it's just pilot and I just
locked myself in a room and just made
YouTube videos and I was making like
dating those men didn't have a 100 views
didn't have a lot I remember being at
lunch or just be in classrooms and kids
I vessel would somehow five is videos I
would play it like mad loud and mad
bears it for me because my wheels right
play it out loud or cloudy a little bit
like look at me a pipe or the four cars
which one bitching about people he's in
sorority over the range is a big one egg
but although ties into just the haters
you know I'm sailing YouTube is a long
long thing it's like I remember early on
I had a million two million maybe even
three million people are like all his
kids talking whatever but he's the best
gonna die Aki's I'm messing around I did
he's fallen Allah price terms falling
off like relax I'm always gonna be here
I'm not going anywhere but it's like he
just flex it on the haters I would never
apply some of the viewers the fans
better you guys are the reason why I'm
here I know that no I ain't really doing
much not your include us he on me you
fucked up in the head my super drug
people always claiming that they're
doing this doing that with their lives
and they're really
much and then I keep my circle really
small so a lot of people aren't who with
them and then the supercut line not
super good this barbershop plane that
gives haircuts and I went there once and
they messed me up when my hair line was
push back my hair just will declutter it
was it was uneven it I mean all my
friends say they don't give you their
cut so it was like a you know hate on me
you fucked up in the head like Supercuts
who's like how can you hate on me so if
you Naomi there's some develop your head
your girl on the tracks you sound better
than you so when this me I don't know
I'm like fool so the first line could be
two things you done I mean Tanner Claus
and his girl on the track and his girls
sound better than him you can also meet
Elizabeth was on my song so you'll girl
on the trek she's sound better than you
so it could be two things and then the
O'Sullivan Disney I don't know who is
like most of the times people that
Disney is like I don't know who you are
you're relevant who who who is dissing
said I cashed out from that last August
fruit and yeah I just spent your whole
rent on some shoe I hit the club and I'm
leaving with two verified Rosalie's
checks that I had once again and never
flex on my fans is me flexing on the
haters there's a whole bunch of me
flexing that alright last bar verify
because all these checks that I blew on
Twitter and your verified there's a
little check mark right and verified
because all geeks and I boot checks blue
tomorrow that's fine
shut you laughs up go and get your cash
up she didn't got went through mad comes
smashed up your man gave you followers
don't know why you've guessed that I'm
running with the views in the subs you
can't catch so Taylor's girl I remember
like being on Twitter back there she was
always just somehow affiliated with the
man come gently she was always messing
around with this
at that bought it man and I don't know
why she desktop because her maybe April
and followers used to be a big fan I'm
your fucking Idol get me up kind of link
what I'm not a pious so nowadays the
slang for them kids you know to hang out
so you'll real let's link up go to we
link to relink is like you know tell you
wanted to link up with me Aleta
and you know I'm not a bio to the links
or invite us
I'm not bite up can't wrap like those
blog brothers from Ohio now I gotta all
do it's all trying to take my side so
there's a lot of speculations about this
line being about Logan and Jake Pollack
will you talk about like well first it
can trap bellowing can kind of rep that
you guys act like you guys are the only
two blond boys from Ohio like there's
thousands of other blonde brothers from
Ohio that can trap so stop assuming and
then I set out now I got a while do this
on I think what's now I mean this dish
track soft stuff like I've been doing it
you know I mean I've been doing it and
that ever was a hot dog so trying to
keep my style a money talks you my money
gets annoying a cloud chaser Jesus cloud
from your blood breath which I got more
plugs than a moment hey I got carrots in
my ice leg of snow so they measure like
how much diamonds talk by carrots like
that's the measurement whatever so I got
a carrot in my eyes like you know on my
diamond bracelet diamond watch whatever
carrot in my eyes like a snowman in the
up snowman time Terrance good son of
Mines you guys did it I don't know if
you did or not but yeah how do you get a
little girl have a better verse that's
old girl she is sick she ain't got
curves she a hoe yeah you fell into the
thought curse drop merged and his
telling like a god Church as you're the
last line you know I heard JC setting he
said God Church did make any sense but I
was like that one is nice that boy is
firing that I just kind of took the line
kind of went with it it went
and there we have another banger on our
hands
