never in my life I felt so disrespected
I put my life out there for your added
energy and this is how you guys treat me
are you serious
so you guys know how is YouTube there's
a future where you can see all the
subtitles and captions for all the blind
viewers that can't hear you can just
read all the captions and so I'll go to
the stop on my last video shots of
caption
sometimes and look at this this it says
Dave Pig got a lot of examples work of
speaking English I didn't say on page in
Changsha lots of reasons you can't just
do that I was quick I was clearly
speaking my English hey guys meet again
back for another video we're here today
and I'm third really once again we're
about to get some food is it a food
hello good morning oh oh my god fucking
dude Amala got a checked on me designers
of the best army i got a lots of
pressure loss that's all me independent
I got people that depend on me you was a
feat to pretend on me but I used to
spell her gravy load at this thrift shop
awkward supreme at the first shot yes I
got so I just cleared out immediate the
growler to small in LA I told them I'm
going to be there to give up free shirts
today I just feel really boarded I have
like these insurance right there and we
have like a cool hundred of those going
to go to the mall just throw them out to
my fans hopefully people show up and be
like like 10 to 20 kids are going to
show up but it's going to be fun how you
guys feel about me getting back to my
fans I just want to give them back some
shirts do you think that's a very kind
gesture of me
there oh my god rice yo you serious bro
all right one time I got here but it was
so weird cuz I really said I'm bored and
let's just do this this is crazy
front front now y'all think we're going
to have to leave okay we're gonna have
to go oh
God with them
are so the mirror went well man always
cool to see people's faces when they see
me they give so height when they see me
eggs dope man I love the energy the only
thing was I came here to throw out
shirts for everyone I wanted to be fair
I want to just throw out a random shirt
you could have grabbed one right but
when I got there look at this clip man
these kids literally ran at us
overpowered us and just were grabbing
the shirts man so we're taking three
somewhere taken two they were just
grabbing it we got outnumbered I'm not
even joking it was incredible how these
little kids overpowered us I do want to
do this again in the future I just
really need more security I feel like
and I mean I just want to keep throwing
out shirts man okay guys we're going to
have to use like the best thing ever and
it's healthy and it's sweet and it's
good for you ah let's go
and so to seeing couples argue what what
Oh draw you're such an ass goes come on
get it gone get it
your ball why did you do that I told you
let's come take it off favorite
friendship bracelet it was a friendship
bracelet isn't something weird that
you're asking or two years ago and I've
nothing to do with any much he told me
all this didn't know a needy CEO I had
this like two years ago after the band
has no phone industry there are doing
right now guys but it happens I mean
it's all about having a strong
relationship and sidon past these hard
times so is that why you're screaming in
the car
thank you get mad love just listen to
this guy's mad healthy mad good and it's
gone maybe why is he not your love
screen broke that's fucking wack
no it's not
alright guys I'm finally huh oh look
look at my room the maids came through
it is so I've never seen my room dis
clean and so long is my bathroom clean
oh yeah oh dude oh my I bet I just have
you seen you in here this you guys what
your reaction on them here's the first
one oh shit yeah and they're hard I got
on for 350 bro welcome you renting 50
bucks yeah but kind of hell are you yeah
kind of used but these go for like 800
bro I'm not even joking yeah they are
kind of beat up but do I'm gonna clean
it when they're gonna let a real guy
that pulled off twenties because I need
to pay than made we need to pay her 400
bucks
it's all good if you guys do end up
moving in bro made every single day
coming your room and clean it and we
just pay them so we have to never spend
time sitting and just spend all our time
making videos right we don't have time
to be cleaning and and picking up stuff
we just need to make videos I wake up
pranks right now in the most classy way
guys I'm not as well as I used to
tonight for dare we're sticking with the
ramen noodles Ukraine shot stop don't
ask you know Fallon hot chick with a
dick
there is I really am a trendsetter what
thousand two hundred milligrams of
sodium walk a couple of that shares
noodles together stays together
oh yeah I should do that thing where the
noodles are in her mouth and your mouth
and you like hold a baby just chill hold
on jail jail jail jail fuck oh oh shit
ah ah disgusting oh my goodness of
people
oh my okay okay all right guys it is
madly just a little segment I like this
bridge in LA and it's like a really far
jump this dude wants to jump off of it
it's really dark out Oh guys can see me
out of you guys can see anything but if
you walk like let's go dark I'm so
serious bro do we really have to hop
this fence again this is no trespassing
we just walked over but yeah outside our
house if you walk like like two feet
there's like this bridge area aren't so
we're currently trespassing but we're
going to this bridge things about to go
down literally
hey what up the climb offend you guys
didn't tell me this you guys did not
tell me this I'm wearing flip-flops you
know no one told me we had to jump a
fence barbed wire fence dude and it's
kind of my flowers break out of jail
dude I want to catch it out yeah how the
hell is she can do it if I can't even do
it how easy is it guys I'm not wearing
shoes
you go to rush me yeah come on that's
Bob why that's my boy that's not that
you're sucking you're so right here
you're putting it on okay okay well I
know you're just a gay old photo picking
your photos breaking up over it oh my
god today they guys oh there you go
you're good
it's a beautiful view there but to jump
down I don't even know I can't even see
you guys just black prices but look at
this beautiful view look it's like
purple Elsa turn that shit off dog fuck
I got it honestly guys I'm only here
because they told me to you know come
see this and it's not my idea I don't
even want them to do it but they're
doing it I mean this is dangerous man oh
come on are you dog dad you're live he's
good Johnny
I'm serious I believe all right all the
time there's the homie already out here
editing is late guys it's like midnight
9 minutes like 3 p.m.
I'm up editing look at I'm grinding I'm
posted every day so I'm mad hungry I
don't have time to be picking up food
soon which is order some food I believe
the food guys should be out here how is
their stance what's good I would love to
get my postman it really expands outside
yo you guys can't be doing you show us
up G dude dude you can't be doing this
for as badly I just gotta get my food no
no please don't no please don't no no oh
no where's Oh
how'd you that fan came inside and I
really called the costume how to get
them out of here but the postmates still
isn't here I need to eat my food and I'm
still super lazy so imma wait right here
and he's gonna throw it up hopefully he
does a good throw if he misses it's
gonna go down splat but I trust this
guy's arm you throw it up in our stairs
are broken you're the stairs only go up
with the don't go down so we have to let
jump off to go down
hard hard hard through it was chosen to
go to the video if you know Moloch I
checked on me
the gonna look the best on me I got a
lot of pressure last I saw me
independent I got people that depend on
me
you was a Fiat Kemper stand on me but I
used to spend on
