Wow would you look at that I believe
yesterday I'm uploading right now so
that's two days in a row off to a pretty
good start but actually guys today I was
thinking like back in the day like rap
music hip hop music what was popular we
had like the Biggie Smalls the Tupac
these two guys were allies er because
they made like good music on top of that
there are lyrics like you guys talked
about who knows what and they just tend
the same thing over and over
Moochie game don't get me wrong I
thought that's pretty catchy and that's
the type of music I like I'm just
stating the music back then and now like
it's changed like there's this new new
name to cost you six nine and he's been
really popular lately and the reason why
I know about it because he only has
three songs but all three songs has made
the chart and I was singer and react to
his songs but literally all three songs
sound the same and the music bills are
literally like the same concept just
like a big circle turco people today
there's a reason why all of his songs
are going far romance old props they
have good for him I'm not here to hate
on him but he's doing his thing right
but I feel like outside of being an
artist
outside of about the music and stuff I
don't want to know how he's like as a
person like as a human I know how he
lives life so you use this social media
and you don't you post a little
Instagram videos here and there so I
just feel like we should react to them
me growing up
I have nothing so Gavin I know why you
always flex your money
another hat no one hates the way other
kids shooter that they throw that shit
out the garbage my mom usually pick that
up and make me wait to school all right
I know his name is six-nine but why does
he have six nine everywhere in his my
life my name is Bryce dumb but I don't
have raced up everywhere my buddy has
one on his forehead one on his hand mad
a little six things on his arms like I
really hope he doesn't have it anywhere
else because like what's the point
this boy has on his chest but wait he's
like you know what I don't really like
this for I need a different father my
stomach like we get it your name is six
nine like you will need to remind us
like every second with every you know
inch of your body
please the challenge comment let me know
your story you know man I'm taking work
luck you can school shop man and this
come from the bottom of my heart you
know I'm saying I'm not going on that
internet chick we gonna go buy some
shoes okay I first thought I was kind of
rubbing it in with these big wads of
money like now I wanna count some money
but the thing is he's really diving
flexing on us guys I just volunteered
think some of his fans out to go
shopping like spend his money on some
fish he doesn't have to but that's
pretty nice of a man just because you've
seen me a mad grunting zombie non-blood
dead because you're asking you're mad
crippling cuz I mean I'm Creek guys it's
kind of hard understand I'm like I love
you know what he's even saying China
could need to get tossed up some money
cuz Yanna gonna be broke nigga that be
talking mad shit be broke get you some
money bro and I'm gonna keep going you
need a camera rolling so niggas can know
how much you know I'm saying
Road niggaz don't bother man it's like
in the first post he was willing to buy
these kids school supplies and be all
nice oh my god this guy's cool right
second post he's over here throwing mud
on the ground kind of like taunting us
like flexing money me iplex clothes that
cost a lot of money no I'm into fashion
I'm into having clothes that other
people don't have this guy on the other
hand is just plain out showing us money
in our face like we get it rich all
right next video
okay things are getting a little bit
weird let me get this straight are you
telling me this man just got out of the
shower here still wet towel around his
waist and decided to tell his homeboy
hey man could you stand over here and
record a little video I don't know man I
think it's just kind of weird like I
really wouldn't want to be this guy's
camera man what they need to go to
school follow their dreams don't let
nobody tell you that yo you can't do
nothing Congrats what oh really quick
this money is gonna go smack confused
about what's going on but I believe 69
is at this school with these kids
talking to them and he's donating the
money but I guess the teacher decides
what they do with it so she says the
money is going toward Zach and it's
awesome
next and school trip tell me why not one
kids smile not one kid got remotely
excited or even says thank you because
let me tell you something these kids
look like 15 $40 no but what's the
they're gonna do with snacks they're not
eight years old I remember being in like
kindergarten and maybe I was excited for
snacks when I was 14 15 should I needed
money to buy clothes pay my bill and
school trips we're really gonna be using
this money to take us to like history
museums where we don't even care about
her ticket us to learn about stuff in
the past like who is this teacher to
take all the money and decide what the
money is used for snacks and trips come
on just give each kid $100 call it a day
dangerous crowd sir
after further investigation you look
slowly as soon as he jumps in the crowd
everyone just moved out the way he just
fell I don't get it though because
everyone came to the show to see him
perform I mean I guess it does make
sense in this picture he does look
pretty thick and I mean doesn't matter
how good your music is if you're coming
at me I'm sorry I'm asked to move I'm
not trying to
no this guy shows are crazy this dude's
just on station until it throws a bucket
of rice one could have seriously got
hurt man and I feel like his music he's
just so screaming to get you so handsome
be fine it was pretty bad about last
night the first time he just stood still
jump dead you know everyone moves second
time the man had a running start
imagine all the momentum going at that
high speed and velocity no way no one's
gonna stand there everyone move I just
feel bad like a magickal gonna show our
fans talking you crowd sir and they just
all move away like growling
hey bitch white dog shit online you
could talk hot on the Internet boy
that's a goofy shit we're in at that boy
how'd you get my hey don't worry about I
got your number I'll be Jack's stop suck
on that damn Jeff move on I swear to god
I'll pull up with this big bro why are
you screaming so loud would delete the
video I swear to god I'm a pillow sorry
like the song top I'm like upset I'm
quitting I was just totally nuts I put
it out we all gonna pull up on you don't
believe that shit boy just got back from
9/11 they really said I can't hear from
my right here ever again man was always
screaming for no reason like why do you
just have to keep screaming for no
reason like that shit really hurted
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow Mikey
posted is he calling me again
throwing is really calling me again well
if you're new subscribe and guess I just
got to pick this
you know we're just talking hey rich
white man got boom
