I'm hearing some random well how
convinced there's ghosts in our house
where are you going dude I need you I
told you I usually wake up and I'm
really happy but today I'm a little bit
pissed off and the reason for that as
well I think YouTube kind of hates and
maybe overreacting but I am pretty
convinced that YouTube doesn't like me
so three days ago I posted a video where
I was reacting to Jake's Paul saga you
know my reaction was inappropriate but
the video I reacted to was inappropriate
so my video game the original video is
in it that doesn't make any sense
which really sucked and it kind of means
that like if you're not over the age of
18 you can't watch the video and a lot
of people on YouTube are very young so I
mean as soon as the video gets
age-restricted you start not getting as
much views YouTube also takes off the
monetization feature which means you
make no money on this video because they
feel as if it's such inappropriate
content that you can't even have ads on
it but whatever man you know I was over
in so I made a new video where I was
reacting to this little kids Instagram
where he was taking pretty you know
seductive pictures where he's like
poking his butt but he was always fully
clothed and then that video also got a
is restricted does it make sense guys
I'm just literally putting my input and
the thing is all their youtubers have
made videos on this kids Instagram post
and stuff but like their building is
restricted but mine does and the reason
why I'm sitting here and talking about
it is because from now on I'm going to
try to be more family-friendly and I'm
already bleeping out all my curse words
also my youtube channel hit a million
subscribers like some time last year my
second YouTube channel also have a
million subscribers and so when you get
a million subscribers YouTube sends you
like this big nice know million
subscribers plaque and they only two of
them and I haven't got any of them but
they didn't send me a yearbook though
which is kind of cool but then again I
mean like like a youtuber yearbook of
all the channels that hit up mail and I
got two channels right there boom boom
another reason why I think you to hate
me is because like my song every night
is got like ten million views in two
days and it didn't trend like somehow it
trend I never hit the trend charts ever
I see the most randomest videos with
like no news at all somehow trend but
you know my shit never trust anyways
come over complaining I mean if you're
under 18 and you couldn't watch my last
tube is I'm sorry from now on I'll try
to be more friendly so
no people positive and not curse and not
be inappropriate I guess I don't know
I'm done complaining sorry for being a
little whiskey
let's just keep do all of my day well
yeah guys I'm over it man I guess you
know YouTube is just a job and my boss
just hate all right guys I'm anything to
be right now I mean I usually get Excel
but for some reason we did get one look
at my leg room I have look bro why you
all spread it out like butterflies okay
oh so at the cat's love in China what a
cat that I want I take it and they put
that on steering wheels cause Chinese
people who are touching cat because
because there are guys just to make this
car and go a little bit faster check
this out
but today I'm doing a little bit of
grocery shopping you know now that I
moved out and I feel like I'm older now
I have to go out and buy my own food but
if I don't and have nothing to eat
nothing to drink so kind of your
responsibility
all right guys I just picked up some
apples in the cut there's I picked up
two things apples and some pop-tarts and
I cannot find my friend my friend he has
the car I don't know where he is yoni
god I can't find you I'm tired of
holding these things where's the car I
shoulda put down my milk your nature
excuse me there's no any funny
the funniest thing is he screamed it so
loud and nikan is nowhere to be found he
has her car and we can't even shop
Nietzsche the to my guys are just about
wrap it out and you heard her screaming
you do it we really said Vikan twice I
didn't hear it one oh yeah bro but
anyways but anyways that fine why is he
why did you get the alcohol boo bro you
can't do that we have to buy that Bri
huh that about wraps up our target
adventure oh oh shit guys it says smile
you're on camera I'm on camera so I'm
not like this little food place and for
some reason there's so much cameras in
here I was like I got loved one
- Zane for five then they're starting to
take your gross guys who would you cover
your it is still chicken right so that's
all there's still early I mean I don't
blame them them and nowadays people
might break in here and steal some
chicken and shit oh is that mine thank
you thank you thank you thank you yes a
to you my room is messy just ignored I
leave me alone so like two videos ago I
made some comments about how and I find
some new people that move into this
house with me I just wanted new
roommates if people thought I was like
joking around but like guys know I was
like dead serious
I just need some hard work in content
creators if you want I can bring some to
the table can you cook or something yeah
guys guys can start saying stuff to this
email maybe your resume maybe a
paragraph on why you should move in the
video I collected email and the amount
of emails that I have been getting is
insane looked at I have all these emails
to go through oh my god in my video I
did say anyone can move in because
anyone can but like you have to do
something I will get an email it's still
well over here I'll get emails like no
Bryce I'm 1450 I want to fly to LA and
move in and like they gave me no
information like you need to tell me
your age your name your Instagram a
picture maybe what you do if you're a
model a singer rapper I don't know but
if you are interested in moving in is
not too late the emails right there the
crib is nice the crib is clean look at
that view oh and we're have a lot of
open space and we're ready to have some
new people in here but yeah guys are
excited man some big things happening
into you guys just hear that so we'll
just ring the doorbell I'm going to go
get it what the do so we'll just dig on
this LC brah brah
is that my name the one rang on the door
gave me this thing there's nothing even
yo bro dead ask some random person
brought a flash drive to our house oh no
it was like just at the front door
should we watch it come on anything
could be bothered
could be a virus it could be a virus but
I mean I'm just so curious now all right
so I put the USB and I'm about to open
it up I really hope that all thought
that says watch me I'm assuming they
want me to watch but here's what the
whole what she's got a bad she's to
smash that I should try to surpass that
that's not easy for all guys do da key I
so look well we're trying to find that
new roommate as she looks like she wants
to move in right and she's down after
all back to the team don't call me Adam
yeah that's the red in this thing like
people are down to move in like I wasn't
getting emails but this girl just pulled
up with the USB you know what the fuck
do you want to eat guys we have a nation
all day about to get some lunch I say
just that gold is fuck oh right how's
your day so far that's cool
comedy is pretty good I had a good day
now I'm third-wheeling right now yes
take a break how does do it's not filled
oh please oh please oh please
ever gets drunk first
yoga I've got my fun she got her foot
and he's got his foots about to dig ago
name three cereal charms Froot Loops
talk name five states
I think didn't go to college again you
guys you just got done eating beautiful
family dinner I don't know what these
guys are doing what me and metros only
help me look mind to myself the foreign
started APL legal yard felt five-star
hotel buy everything on a rack buy
everything on a shelf I'm making matter
first we'll go from mine as you see it
is very dark outside because all day I
just never didn't do anything I was just
so tired and now I'm awake I'm home
alone no one's even home but yeah guys I
don't know what to do and I'm just in
this gym you know perfect in iron
because in my mind I'm just thinking
like if I'm in this house and I have a
gym in my house I have no excuse how I
see it is like having a gym your house
is claiming that like not many people
can say so I can't do this for granted
like in a span of a year as I'm not buff
what am i doing like I have no excuse
guys this is me and a year I guys we got
it in yo that was tell me you guys heard
that I way I remember being in like my
four-bedroom house in Vegas you know
just regular house and I would be home
alone and matched here now I'm in a
10-bedroom mansion and I'm alone up kind
of terrified I hope every doors lock
emerges no chill in my room the thing is
I'll get in text from them and I was not
the other part knock at my door like
right let's go turn up it's Saturday but
I was just knocked out cold on the bed
and so now I'm home alone and just
facing the consequences my door is
locked I feel safe I'm honestly bored
what should I use my messy bathroom bye
guys I'm hearing some random wall
do you guys hear that coming from up
there you know it's coming from up there
what are these noises guys alright man I
got to get out of there now I think I'm
tripping the thing is I think one of my
roommates is home he's probably sleeping
though so I'm typically home alone but
I'm at the point where I'm like kind of
tripping out a little bit where I
remember like being a kid and sometimes
just being really scared and I would
have wake my mom up but I would only
wake her up if it's like I'm really
it's a special occasion but like I think
about the wake my roommate up because
like I'm hearing the randomest stuff
dude I'm usually never witness late but
I hope my friends home and is he
sleeping I hope he doesn't get mad me
for waking him up he's he's not he's
just knocked out cold
oh shit bro you're naked
yo bro what's up bro I'm kind of scared
right now and I need your help bro it's
free bro I need to I think that there's
a ghost in the house bro well I think
it's cool dude come downstairs me please
may I shit you not I was in the gym I
heard a weird noise I really went to my
room I heard another weird noise rise
far I've said that every day since we
moved in Rojo I'll convince there's
ghosts in our house where are you going
dude I need her I told you I did you are
dead you heard that guys I just heard
that no I are guys Frasier on the copy
right now he just typed in our address
into Google I don't want to show you
guys but we're just trying to figure out
who used to live in this house because
we rented out this you know big mansion
and there has to be other people that
used to live in this house and there's
probably some crazy stuff we're in a
nothing I thought a website that had old
young people Houston today oh my god
like this place could have easily been
haunted I'm pretty sure someone died in
this house before I do you think or no
did you remember the house I knew he was
like I do it did like I said at one
point because those somebody that died
they overdosed on cocaine so Russia is
doing research now about all the people
that used to live there freaking out bro
bro this is some tricky stuff wrong
Justin Bieber used to live in our house
no way he'll you throw it
bro that is literally our Jim knows not
me
ahem no but I go posture every day
definitely that our gym you idiot nice
no bro come upstairs man that aren't you
Justin Bieber used to litter once bro
look around this was literally where she
was in the video right
it's the staple he was really standing
right here to be watching me you're
standing at the stateís why he would
stay away here hold us damn walk
oh my wait what are you doing mate smell
out Peter right what he really serves a
sexpot wait for you to her I heard that
from her uh-huh dude I told you I wasn't
lying man there's freakin ghost in our
house I keep you hearing weird stuff man
this is not okay I think we just moved
into the house and all the ghosts are
just hanging out here and we're just too
loud all the time and the ghosts are mad
at us but Brody at computer back Trey
you just go to yours upstairs
q5 bro it's just one through your
bathroom and it's literally upstairs you
know too far you're welcome to separate
the pieces you really have to go one
floor are all right look I'm freaking
out there's a ghost in our house no it
actually goes yeah there's a ghost in
that we'll hit one don't pee in there -
there's a ghost in the house and what is
he in - oh my god I promise she doesn't
believe me why does this she or I didn't
believe it
oh wait dude I didn't know his girl
farted what though
