oh yes yes yes boy calm us down if
everyday bro has 65 millerite relax hey
guys it's me again welcome back I miss
you guys if you're new to the channel
why aren't you subscribed you know I'm
constantly dropping finger anyways the
other day I was up Instagram you know I
was bored so I'll just lurk it around
Instagram scrolling fast and you know I
can kind of skim their face fast boo boo
boo I ran away just somewhat up on this
girl and it was kind of like this like I
saw it out oh my god
it was she was sold out like who is this
thick shoddy I was ready to glitter her
DM to just be like yo Lobby let me
change your life anyway at this point I
haven't even seen her face you know I
was scrolling so fast and just randomly
stopped I just saw her lower half and
I'm already in love with that like oh my
god anyways I stroll up and boy it's a
dude what his name is Timmy dude like
left by my check Jimmy was so cute now
he's looking like a snack and shit oh my
god not only that this kid is like 13 or
14 like I could have caught a case man I
gotta be careful out here well what is
this he just says you've been trying to
beat me but I already won what does that
even mean like what exactly did you win
yeah I beat those chicks though bro what
are you even saying
dude all my peers or change you need to
chill out now the all seriousness stuff
Jimmy think you really need to clean
your mirror like the mirror should never
get this dirty I'm only arrogant when my
confidence meets your instituting what
Timmy back at it again now he's wearing
some nice booty shorts I mean no one
wants to see this Timmy you gotta stop
man I really hope to me doesn't see this
video because like look at his hands bro
his hands are big but if this kid sees
me in person man he's knocking out with
his big-ass fish you sit on me that's
going viral I'm about to get roasted
what is this madness man what is this
is even possible that looks like it
hurts like alright so the reason why the
title is grown boy I don't want to
assume his gender or her gender whatever
it now I'm questioning it like this is
might not be a guy dude but brothers
need to stop I don't want to see this
ever again like I mean honestly though
she does wear this jumpsuit better than
most girls but still man like does not
cool I just randomly scrolled upon this
and I mean I'm gonna have nightmares
about this now okay this has to stop
this has to stop right now okay I do not
want to see the thing is that most girls
got to wear like leggings or yoga pants
or you know some tight pants and you
know show there's a fine but or whatever
Timmy kid Roth practically anything he
just wear mask or shorts and he's
looking man thick so props to him for
that but I don't care how thick he has
been this has to stop I don't want to
see this ever again and tell me what in
the background
that looks like a hoverboard and I'm not
talking about this shit like that's not
even a hoverboard like that's just not
even hungry
it clearly has wheels on the ground I'm
talking about a legit upper board from
the future man I'm convinced right now
so I'm thinking well can this be alright
it's a hoverboard well Timmy from the
future Oh God
Timmy you got to stop man you really got
to stop what's the caption see my sexy
ass every time you scroll oh you're not
sexy Timmy guys I'm sorry for watching
at home when you're just like he'll rise
manses next part of the video man no one
wants to see I agree I don't know what
this is man like I've never seen this
ever before
I convinced summer-rae to move into her
house and now she's living with us and
stuff but lining she has some
competition man like this guy it's kind
of creeping up behind her and could be
throw her pan out us dude is this a
video are you smoking weed Timmy Timmy
are you smoking weed not so much
potential and laughing you're smoking
really are you working bro we smoking
again with
well yeah I got after that I think I'm
about done looking at Instagram forever
but the block and I never want to see
them again
wait a minute you really just make a
full video just you lurking around
creeping in a little boy Instagram I
mean if you put it that way I guess it
sounds weird anyways thank you so much
for you guys made it to the end that
just means you guys watch the whole
video and enjoyed it oh thank you so
much anyway I haven't deal with you guys
I've been posting every other day I want
to pose daily so bad but it's really
hard to think of an idea every day wake
up and do it and then edit it and then
upload it and then do the same thing the
next day but I'm gonna make a deal with
you guys right if this video you get
three hundred thousand like post
tomorrow starting to sound like and then
spread up 24 hours if the video can hear
3000 likes then that next day I will
upload so you know daily uploads
whatever the reason for 300,000 is
because all my videos now get 200,000
likes per video and I'd all been asked
for life so Mel mask for social Isis
video dude on this kid anyway second
thing my video with Jacob sutorius I
didn't realize it when I was sitting
next to sorry watching to a video why
was this shirt so big bro you can fit
real vivid one shirt pros really guys
xxxxX l for no reason I don't even know
what and it kind of threw me on because
I saw so many comments on it and I just
started to start laughing third thing I
want to show you guys a sneak peek of my
brand new merch blog mode all right to
check it out boys and girls the brand
new right job so you guys see the rice
on there right here and then on the
pants we got down I wish I get to show
you guys at the material but it feels
amazing it's a matching jumpsuit
obviously guys it is kind of short on me
the reasoning is because I do everything
I just a measurements the fabric
production everything so I kind of got
the sizing wrong so I'm gonna fix that
as soon as that's fixed we're putting
these on the shelves all the other bird
stuff sold out and we're just going to
do you know new stuff you know every
then we have this and like five other
six other you know cool stuff I'll show
you guys some more tomorrow but here's
the new tracks y'all we show you guys
there one more time I'm so excited for
it while looking cool like who else all
YouTube is doing this let me keep it
affordable night is going to be like 30
top and bottom is 30 each I mean that's
a bad a horrible dog first I drop the
genes and now we got this shit and I
asked some other wild stuff that you're
there to be like wait what how did
YouTube Marek's what is going on baby
could look sick anyways good me at the
end of the video and yours are the real
ones man when I was trying to pose
everyday that's the gold man just so
hard to do it that I would eventually
figure it out I love you guys subscribe
for your new comment I read all times
and now I try to make this video somehow
ten minutes
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
ah
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
