hey guys I'm sorry I'm just really sad
because because YouTube is such a great
community everyone is only so next to
each other you know we're so positive
and it's it's me I'm the one that's
always so negative and always so mean to
people and I don't want to say sorry
I made a video last week talking about
my merch but on top of that I was like
talking about other youtubers merch and
I'll just stand out it wasn't that good
this feels so bad because today Logan a
guy that I was talking bad about I'm
sorry I'm going to get mad because if I
see it at a store there's no way I win a
cop this is just a bird with an American
flight on your chest all it is is you
need to step it up I mean you can do way
better and today in the mail I got this
like Wogan sent me this you know and
this is like a 50 / 50 he sent me I had
it was such a bad friend you know I was
making fun of his clothes so nice people
are just so nice and up to
ah
the way guys and yes even worse in that
video I also talked about Roman Atwood
making about simple small or much just
takes they take like at least add like a
smiley face with eyes or you know add
more to this like come on you guys can
do better and the thing is me and Roman
has never talked ever like we've never
read to each other and had a
conversation we've never danced or
anything and after I drop this video now
I was sending out tickets of shots at
him he messages me on Twitter and he
says love you dude thumbs up an Asian
skin color okay sign and white guy skin
color keep it up text emoji smiley face
why am I supposed to be personal over
being beaten to Logan but if he sends me
as much I mean the Roman TDSB say he
loves me to keep it up keep what up I'm
not even doing anything but yeah guys
are really sorry and I'm done making fun
of people I'm done you know spreading
negativity it's all about positivity all
these positive vibes but new dish track
coming soon it was going to carry on
with my day I have a pretty exciting day
ahead of me I might dress up as a girl
later and then I might tattoo my friend
maybe guys you guys just have to follow
me alright guys read this card place and
apparently stuber's getting a free car
one summer wait till you model will put
in front of this lever
all right okay well yeah I don't know
how much dough now Cantabria already one
two good sure yes your fitness is fuckin
piss on our car but this is a pretty
nice fun and it's mad squeaky clean
after an hour of driving we're finally
at this mom and I haven't shopped in so
long so I'm about to spend a few racks a
little guys strapped up real quick
as I'm taking care of summers dog cause
she's shopping you never drove guys look
guys I'm just walking them so wrap this
moss summer take a picture of her mom
she's old her my lettuce it already took
my picture I got new shades guys it's
like gold over here I feel cool forgot
today at the mall that you a man like
rice come I'm not getting paid enough
you need to do a diss track on her so we
have to go up one floor to assist
together why Oh God hi guys so I'm just
waiting for a listen to her make it
really quick we're about to film a video
of being or is she almost upset oh okay
being honest
what what so forth
I don't know you have this issue hidden
talent shit
all right so right right solace is help
it from last night II wasn't really you
look at a more better than I think you
are better than Elizabeth to be honest
how you feeling not a crushing it lowly
am i bad shave this shit up
I think anything you wanna say before
you make art well I like would love to
smash oh okay alright guys so this is
still on my nose we just ordered food it
I was so excited but it is vegan food
and I'm never a teen food oh you getting
blue in free cheeseburgers guys I
haven't eaten junk so it's time to get
healthy I would take a bite and well all
this due to exertion are so in
traditional end up Monday this is shit
to your hard work
no you're going to be kind of sexy right
I'm kind of nervous bro go chill with
that yeah so Alyssa woke up drunk and
somehow her I don't stand out I think
banks to her shoe there as a joke or
something and now we're fuck you gotta
go come on you up money sniper did you
being a pussy but rub some dirt on all
right guys five hours later now I was
like this child has did my makeup she
killed it boom slay Alyssa why are you
wearing my do Ragland you are wearing my
outfit Oh true true a really weird
outfit right now as she's wearing my
bandana this is fine as long as I'm at
alright guys once again everyone's
question a Christ oh what a fucker you
do it all trip I just wanted to try to
be a girl for a day I mean the world has
so many girls I just want to see Wes
like to be a girl for a day tomorrow I'm
a wake up take a piss standing up but
today I'm gonna be sitting down and show
no I'm not pull it up yeah where we
going guys yo bro how do you feel
hanging out with three beautiful girls
hey you're lucky breath policy I'm oh
who the other girls
this is another fucking close Chantell
pulled up on us in the bands and shit
okay I see you
alright guys robbing public right now
we're not going shopping quite yet where
are we ran a Roma right now we're
getting a quick bite we're getting a
quick bite because your girl needs to
eat Oh guys I just ordered a salad you
know trying to cut back on the class I
keep my slim figure what are we doing
after this guys sobbing sobbing sobbing
Starbuck to this lady for our Food Show
with Jasmine shantou through Jasmine
come on oh good you want to go with her
to the bathroom
so put your nipples away girl could be
in a slut we can't take you anywhere
I don't know what's what friends all
right guys the food just came out I
could have sworn I got a salad but I
guess I got a burger it's all good
though I just want your day won't matter
you know I mean I've been eating here
does everyone around in it has been
giving me looks all day a white house
anywhere it's negative are my hair
hi guys just got done eating I feel so
fat anyways we're about to get what
pedicure minute or were we doing boy
yeah so we're getting a pedicure you
feel me first try here we go
wank that shit daddy our manicures and
pedicures one of those days grow stage
and I we are just treating yourself
because we deserve it we do deserve
active regain that paper a work at hard
edge I guess I'm sitting here towing the
water and shit the whole krug and a toes
did shit haha no no is no other talking
shit about you and another language no
you because I speak that language
anyway are you are ugly no broke his
knee bow and to wrap it up I got you
guys with a little segment of storytime
with slaughter gang Chucky and I like
all these other YouTube storytime
tellers Chucky is all about the keeping
it 100 all right his stories are not
exaggerated they 100% happened unlike
these Tanner Mongoose make it up these
stories are this is the best story time
youtuber out there we went up up in the
way don't care are needed or Mahalo man
yeah I'm in Gamecock all right knock it
off no be in again bro a chair like
welcome to be today something all
evening
oh god brother he like I'm beyond Xavier
he don't know yeah I need to try me
i'ma strangle our gardening broom oh the
bridges are told you bro Oh see money in
the cut-scene metabolic state shit man
so on say right going on the leg I will
