whoa cheese-like I'm going to Elf on a
shelf face it
we playing - Tom Noah was it out of this
place we'll run ups on the subject but I
have to see you forever - got a large he
got older arson four other people that
don't know me and Jake them have a very
interesting past we actually go way way
back no way farther than a bronze
hairline and interesting enough we used
to hate each other
boy you legit look like a burn sweet
potato tell me why your ears make you
look like a cow but I was like you know
why am i befitting with a 13 year old so
you know I'm all about positivity we
squash the beef and now we're here
colliding past once again how are you
doing I've been doing good huh beginning
I just been doing well actually you know
I swear I heard you listening to my news
no I'm pretty sure I wouldn't obviously
never satorious oh come on bro that's
all I thought you would listening to I
just dropped the video rid of the music
video and I brought the hard drive let
me let me grab the chair bro I want to
play it for example you have bro ah do
guys I love I love analyzing music
videos enough and just breaking it down
and he's just hearing if it's a good
song or not so I mean I'll let you know
if it's good enough yeah I only used for
your opinion it's expert in yarn plugin
alright the files right here is this
yeah
we know what it did summertime but why
are you selling why are those guys
wearing jean jackets and white coat it's
like well I was telling a Jew have a
t-shirt on I know I know their price
wedding I got her probably any parts
laying on the road she wanted me back
you know
well you hung up on a girl because they
were hard on me
shit what shit anything with who
but that's right another time okay full
of the roll
wait who's that guy she looks like old
enduring why are you picking you up
well we're going to the girls we were
like because accident my friends are
being a little bit are you sure you know
them so you should be going into
strangers car oh I don't go into change
I mean head tattoos normally I'm not
with that
it's nothing dad do you miss your
friends and really ditch your friend and
I was a little a clone of Newport or
something if they were really like
Jacob's gone that's what I messed up
honey I had to do it at Schneider over
recording a song you know I was
justified no but in the future don't
leave I got she's brought I'll never be
0 I know but you love to her holding row
they are making fun on a true create
wait whoa whoa why do you have like a
flip phone and a regular front leg and
butt that's so like its 2017 bra
lighting they probably wanted s for the
girls and one of them's for like
business oh really oh you need to tell
me about I've been like sharing Jacob
song from the beginning I would be
honest yeah other old songs weren't like
the best work at least you didn't better
like Malik what are they kind of getting
fired
Charlie did I guess getting into that
buyers time - did okay so now we're kind
of like thank you
go to the girl's house oh wait I should
never pick up Avery posted either like
I'm gonna show to the other stuff and
see what she does I kind of like stalker
I mean nah nah oh boy I walk into her
apartment getting clubbed time embrace
that's what apartment door yeah we meet
for a dress she open what's up I've been
texting mark that I know she closed this
morning Joe yeah why would she do that
well she look like throwing George on
Fitness which followers have millions
while he attend doesn't mean anything
having girls want like personality and I
colored the hella food but she's in
either she's wack pretender bro but
honestly brought out of the ten stars
okay I'll give it wide I'll give her 28
I'm having a music video I'll give it
like a seven okay okay nobody nothing
that's a good moment but we're gonna be
back in these chairs and wanna hang more
tiresome I think it's kind of cool how
like when we started out like hating
each other it's going to get online and
now we're just like it's all about
positivity exactly and squashing bases
like we don't have time for negative
energy don't like we're both winning
mine we're both opposing a row but look
I've heard someone talk dirty on you bro
now talk bad on your nail and the other
friend I can't fit and just watch them
you can so want to show me bro I can't
let this happen people want to do more
than just bro that's you now and she's
watching your video he needs to do less
and stop talking and so funny wait hold
up I was lip-syncing top it's musically
bro that's your wish here lip-synching
cheeks
well I'm like an elf on a shelf they
said it hold on
what did I tell you that she was in my
pants
wait her spam idea casually also a girl
let let me show you this and try to get
this on the screen look at that
oh let work wait what why she how sorry
girl and what if she rose to do for
publicity vote she knows my name good
she posted this video like a month ago
like I've been making put a big up like
since last year buddy like that was old
that's what I got so make it fun a big
it was so last year like she's so late
not cute rose that makes it Jacob
fucking wrecked poorest in five minutes
what so he obviously knows were motor
calls me on Twitter Instagram
she has no snapchat she had whatever she
traffic on me like by Ronnie later oh my
sixth word catch rain is worse your
whole life when she said her six word
testament is worth more than like she
makes more money than you prizes we
never do something about what should we
do bro this
