this is diesel what's up James if it
says right there bro these what yeah
summer Rae Instagram Fitness mile with
over 15 million followers known for her
big juicy firm personality she pulled up
in like this diesel truck got mad boxes
were about to help her hey we're not
having tripping we're not helping
anybody
on hope just shit no 10 whoa whoa whoa
feel about coming in here for the next
two weeks the United mean there's so
much guys in here are you excited it's
all dudes second girl in the crib okay
the first girl you brah
bro bro I will talk about Alyssa bro we
would usually pack all these bags in the
elevator and bring it up as a major here
but I'm not even trippin I love them so
it's okay we'll just take the stairs
heavy boxes up the stairs music today
actually guys I'm not taking that there
as well why would we take the stairs we
have an elevator we just need to squeeze
in here bro Rome just kind of folding it
doesn't tell you what is their stomach I
don't want to be here anymore I'll get
out here to have like possible yeah bro
I mean anxiety in there bro why do you
have so many boxes keep holding your
camera oh we do our work your people
just came out my face dawg seriously
what where's you know help what do you
mean all you care about is yourself and
your YouTube all of my Birds going up so
cool fuck off well is something wrong
god he's mad at me
so I need to go carry boxes that help
out the team wait there's no more boxes
there's no more boxes I guess I just
stood around and just blogged all the
time oh man that is the first time maybe
can we film a video in 30 minutes please
I have a good idea please Jennifer clear
my schedule
hahaha yeah yeah
uh-oh here's my pluggy I saw in my old
videos okay seriously you guys usually
my blonde right now you really put my
bro this is a pre employee but you
already know he was bringing me stuff in
the past I got questions bro peep this
check it out I got my jeans am I sure I
want you to inspect the quality a little
bit because like guys he knows all the
good clothes and stuff like trust shit's
fire fire yo peep the jeans Pete the
jeans that is hard bruh I'm God come on
in my room you guys are just getting I
was that called PDA come on bro this is
PDA yeah it's over buff Oh see - yeah
Walter I'd like us yo so I'm dropping
another disk could you Mona does Mike a
really quick ad lib yeah yeah here just
hit I'll just get in the shot
no my boys okay y'all y'all ever look I
just dropped my clothing game boys oh
yeah yo check it out inspect it a little
bit see if is worth copying aw Christ
yeah was it worth cop in bro I mean an
outfit right now on gods rightfully the
rise would leave this goober watching
his little snapchat brawl what let you
that on yeah bro some do just fit 400
stores my firstborn nowhere bro cuz I
can see all the orders is usually like
no some kids are like spending like you
know 30 and stuff you know today like
buying one shirt but like this kids
spent $400 why I bought all your shit
bro his name is a laundries you should
you should call like how emailing you
can email and then get autonomous or
look what he bought guys this kid bought
like so much stuff you bought two jeans
I don't know my dog look look she knows
right here bro
well don't show
yo bro did you really just spend 400 at
the shop thanks bro give me your number
on my audio real quick shout out right
guys I'm looking really ruffled and eyes
are just wearing like my home clothes
basically and my hair is messed up face
off oil leak some of the a shower get
all fresh and I need to film a video
with Alyssa
alright boys and girls we are about to
go play basketball for $1,000 I'll
explain more later alright so I
basically just teleported here basically
we're about to play a basketball for
like a thousand but this core is dope
it's actually on a fourth floor there's
so much buildings around me the courts
cool about to win really quick the Alex
wasabi ready thank you for challenging
me because if you did it I would be
eating hot cheetos on my couch so but
now you're going to be losing to me back
no
the best
oh my god it's pretty bad guys this is
good
what's opening here you go oh let's go
oh let's go pull up Oh
$1.00 finish oh whoa rice bowl rice is
good or a defense at whoa crap what
bucket Hey okay
okay this man plays oh Jesus
yeah there you go Oh buddy Oh bucket me
he called a timeout guys grow this time
up okay the ball is in his hand and we
take the lead you
hey MA I was down by two yeah
what is zooming so damn slow the best
shit alright four six eight right now
and if he wins I don't know $1,000 - I
tried it Detroit which will be the rice
go real you tied him up okay boys you
have to show what it's like
real v1 v1 bound and never taken out all
I do is win all I do is window right
get used to it was yesterday humble
breath stay humble we never lose hey I
got a question
did you win this game I mean did he win
this game or did you lose this game
yeah well I just want I just won
Wow brah I met the brothers apartment he
just lost but it's okay nice little crib
this is like the thinnest and biggest
and bruh you guys see Houston this is Oh
bro look at this but you took it out you
still mad at me I'm so now yeah but I
got you wings
oh we're though and I'm not gonna leave
second verse
hahaha we have to take back my little
truck so we don't mess up with come on
oh Jesus hi guys after 30 minutes in
this look at this truck she's like I
really got night - I was so hard yeah
apparently she's like chance yeah nice
like night blind I don't know but we got
here somehow so far about the hit me but
we were at Target they need to pick up
some supply ances and just random stuff
and underwear and stuff sheets all that
but we're just tagging along out now
today's been a good day productive
during the plenty summer how to vlog and
stuff do you want to pull my calendars
okay people are watching us people are
looking
I know we did
the problem here is what they said up I
don't give a fuck is my butt showing
survivors ready
but is this what collection I get uh
what's your favorite color
this looks fluffy oh dude me and my
friend are banned from all targets you
can open back today oh gosh I'm not even
joking
hit hard because you know like those
like ball pits or not ball test but like
those yeah we like jumped in it nothing
wrong with that
so she's Gandy's you know new sheet
covers and stuff and I was just really
think like I just wet my bed last night
so I need one too ha ha damn I need to
just both get tan sheet no no ten sheets
are the way oh but when you pee you
won't really see it as much exactly Emig
a team tan boy was good she also needs
some blankets because they'd be cold in
these streets you about to get that it's
$69 like you afford that like that's a
lot of money 69 oh do you like thank you
I got one too because I wet my bed so I
need new shoes I'm kidding no I'm not we
finally found one took just like an hour
but we finally found one guys we just
left target now rat like this place wait
have you ever ate here before guys
there's honestly so much option sandwich
burgers chicken pork nightly features
fish size bro oh my god what's the best
thing here like Oh what's your favorite
thing here
and for the which know what I'm making
this to it I'm gonna get the delays that
let Excel in please yeah we're touching
how do you with your senator thank you
left his restaurant I'm really upset
right now my water has one lemon she has
one moment she has one lemon but for
some reason she has to is the waiter
trying to like tell her something I
don't know why are you did you need to
dance boys and girls the food just came
I'm so stupid I look at that ooh that
sounded and we got the we got the mashed
potatoes was good and what did you get
we talked it what what did he come from
does she just pulled a dog out of her
lap aww he's so cute oh my god I want it
oh my god damn it guys I forgot to film
an outro just a little blog didn't man
guys I'm gonna be honest I'm struggling
man it's so hard to pose daily I'm
sleeping two hours a night I'm stressing
it's so hard I'm on a five-day streak
I'll see you guys tomorrow sub if you're
new I love you guys get that new merch
because it sound like a god Church
you
