i'ma say dude she has to like sporty -
well you know what's up guys here with
my tool that means we don't lose we just
drop anchor some fun but I just all that
lower back today for a chop
but it seems the eating yeah you're
doing a resto collab video and you're
eating we help how disrespectful is this
no can we focus anyway we're back here
volunteer back again and again and today
we're doing a gesture age yeah I saw
other people do it it's really poplar
I'm assuming we just look at these
pictures and we just gesture aids yeah
like if you didn't know me how do I look
you look good I was 13 yeah yeah I
thought about 4% of the pages chart as
longer than my talking about the start
first picture we just have to get their
age yes before you started make sure to
follow me on everything happen all right
I guess let's get started jumping into
we keep Stalin first person boom let's
get sir age I know that it really yeah
America's Nicholson I've been to say I
love it when really yeah well how old is
she alright I'm going to Stacy's 16 what
do you think I think anything I think
she's paid to she's actually so hot so
watch she 17 she's not hot what the heck
all right so the next one she given me
like an 80 range like 88
give me more like at 84 by know she sexy
know where she looks there all right
ready forty uh this girl just spit it
out let's say 60 enjoy it up 23 what
this is 15 I was close - she does look
metal old air eh Olga honey's light on
the makeup
how did I get this picture with that
ugly ass house with the commute
I used to just said out loud no you said
up you wouldn't hear so pretty right
sorry my bass right
I next one Wow she's actually hot but
it's only from 8 not like 21 21 21 what
14 no way there's no way there's no way
she's waiting on our necks whoa like
catch me inside girl or something yeah
catch me inside yet uh how old UNIX is I
mean I figure age has been all around
the internet and she was 13 for like a
while now she's fought for 16 I'm a
digit fifties ready set up she's 13 are
you serious yeah yeah wait have you seen
her Doug listen oh boy I'm hotter than
Melly
yeah literally no way there's nothing
there Oh a tree all right so now they
would really want to test this mmm the
wrinkles on it I might just go with
25-year 154 yeah I'm always right right
yes uh how do you think this is boy you
mean to denigrate but guessing people
ages is so fun all right fine break time
guys
are we're just going to pick up right
where we left off this is a roommate and
the boy big my boyfriend
I told me 24 24 years old so 224 put its
I've waited for 47 please not and she
don't do that I know you did when you
stopped with her day with you that is
that what you're doing you know when I
say total 25 like I know my home in are
you kidding me it's so annoying when one
babe you told me were 47 our next one
she looks familiar
mmm I think I don't race from just
people I always talk about it yeah yeah
actually like 15 I think I think just
Kenya ah next was this girl who buy the
cow were you know where to how does it
listen no all these girls she's like
please donate
22:21 one she's 17 I might have to catch
a case dude when I was 17 I didn't look
anywhere close to them you look like
what I had like you look like that yes
dude this is yes I know where is it yeah
but I'm a guest
what she's 18 mm-hmm I think I think I
think I think you look at her girls that
are like gorgeous at 14 like no you have
to do your time okay you can't just like
blow up that claim up there you have to
wear the purple eyeshadow and like
luring a baby wow so they're just
twisting it up this is the longest side
he's produced an album with DJ Khaled's
oh yeah yeah she's really talented he's
PI I've been doing this for years
thank you I'll give them a cheese plate
mmm another one of textures on the floor
okay it's a car I'm an expert
give it 2017 2016
yeah 2014-2015 I'm going 2015 I say
1972 with what visiting sent me 397 even
make whores like that it's CJ's I think
oh I know this is she actually roasted
me once when you were 13 you probably
had about two friends how old you do she
look really yeah I think she I mean I
don't know she's 14 I think you were
half off you know okay next one guys
really good oh okay again this girl is
hot what some of these partners are
really pretty but she looks like she's
probably 18 but he's wearing a lot of
makeup when do you know his job no yeah
I must say dude she has to be like 22
like yeah I think he was a lot of makeup
18:22 no well no there's no there's no
way whoa no what nope that's terrible
our next one oh yeah well you know this
drill - yeah she's me does she like
Asians
alright so I'm gonna just go with a chi
go um I think 21 yes yes
are so next one win milk okay so now
things are getting interesting
I might give it like it looks like two
weeks old out there daily
I feel like read a for ah damn it close
our next one okay this girl is really
pretty well that's Carly you don't know
her and I do that scarlet no she doesn't
know all you don't know all these hot
girls there's no way oh hey I know
everyone a little pull up right now are
so bridge 1899 you got you
Ethernet a genetic boom you can't just
wait what I said 18 or 19 instead of
just one and I
you said a to your legs Angela why can't
I do that
oh okay next one oh shit Wow look at her
body leave it in the gym nothing between
cheese before she'd been in the gym okay
and that's it that's cool that's what I
want I'm gonna say like 22 ish around
there may be no no no there's no she's
under and no legal digits no I'm not
quitting I'm done and what what is right
like that's not the right age I mean
can't you hey I guess no I can't wait
come on all right guys we're gonna end
it I can't end the video when she's not
understand i right you just could never
finish the outro like really good really
quick alright guys I'm going to out
throw the video thing so could you
subscribe by the new bird I read what
are you doing stop it what are you doing
what what are you really jumping off
shit dude
I'll plug you I'll tag you okay you look
at no no yeah I got oh no I'm not busy
bows up yeah
so don't do that that's retarded good
yeah yeah it's pretty sexual like oh I'm
on the right before I started make sure
to follow me on everything happens islet
that love though yeah but
