hey guys it's me again and I don't know
why you guys clicked on this video I
swear all people care about is promenade
a off the bat I might make some of your
favorite youtuber in this video I just
need you guys to know that it's just a
joke like for instance I might say some
stuff about Logan but that's my boy I
need him go way back and J like I said I
have no problem I only made that song
because I knew it was going to beg you
to relate Roman and stuff I mean this is
like a dagger changing such a good guy
like I'm not trying to come at these
guys as a person as a youtuber I'm gonna
be honest but a lot of these youtubers
merchants shirts and clothing you know
stuff like that is like you couldn't do
any better
before you hate let me explain hi guys
here on my computer let's go through
inches reacting like basically every
youtubers merch but things I don't like
it youtubers know like their fans love
on my beds on YouTube or just so
supportive that being said it doesn't
even matter what you sell it in a day
because your fans love you so much they
will literally buy anything
write your name cursive on your chest
they're going to buy it clever and then
picture of your face on the front and
you're going to buy it when I'm
scrolling through looking at YouTube
Mercia like what is this wrong sorry I'm
going to get it mad because if I see it
at a store there's no way I'm going to
cop this this is a bird with an American
flag on your chest lay on the low gate
for life I love logan but broman is is
you need to step it up I mean you can do
way better if I'm just walking in a mall
and I saw this on the shelves there's no
way I'm buying this for $28 I mean it's
so simple
speaking about simple swallow more merch
just takes a cake for the thing about
small more words it's Roman Atwood wider
it's pretty dope has a good message but
like come on Rose like you can't like I
remember seeing this logo way back when
I found their channel which means it's
been like five years and they have it
upgraded like at least add like a smiley
face with eyes or you know add more to
this like come on you guys can do better
like I don't understand how youtubers
are letting their viewers go to school
dressed like this like I care about you
guys you guys are my kids and I'll never
show you guys anything that I wouldn't
wear like of God Church like what does
that even mean I actually remember
listening to Jay Paul song and I'm
pretty sure this is a line from this
song and I just dropped some new merch
and it's selling like a god
that line didn't even make sense
honestly his stuff isn't that bad I mean
it's a lot variety there's a lot of
color a lot better than his brother the
only thing is it looks exactly identical
to everyone else's merged like literally
rode he had like the default Marquis
look and the funniest thing is like the
only do two is I'm calling out they're
probably not only getting mad because I
mean they're immersed acquaint up no
saying this is like we're youtubers so
we'll have time to be making clothes and
doing all that we need that make videos
right so a lot of these mergers it's
just someone else doing it for them and
I have so many random emails I know
right should I do your merchant could
make so much money really I want to try
it out in like these companies were
giving me these like designers and the
designer they were drawing me out we're
so bad they sent me samples of shirts
the material was so bad so I was like I
never really had virgin I always wanted
virgin but I finally figured it out guys
I finally figured out this merch stuff
after months and months of just trying
to find the right material right fabrics
right sizing I finally finished and my
rice Don merch is ready to drop race
Goldberg so I'll show you guys it right
now first item exclusive rice gum genes
here we go that's the tag right here I'm
going to show you the tag it's super
official a got the right tie right there
I'm gonna need you guys to keep the
material though this is something
serious we have zippers at the bottom
because you know it's a fashion
statement we have the distressing right
here on the tule chest to keep it basic
it actually took us mad long that make
these scenes like these are sample one
and it's the first ever sample and the
blegh was just too big these were the
second sample and then the zippers were
like weird or something we finally like
figured it all out and now I think this
is perfect and this is how it fits on me
guys right there it just literally if
you're looking for jeans that you should
just wear and beat up and you know wear
to school and stuff like sometimes jeans
are baggy on top bag on the bottom too
tight dude is literally not to anything
it is literally I crafted it perfectly
for you guys alright next piece we have
this long sleeve which is so hard or you
guys are probably tripping out like
weight right I think you've misspelled
right is that why no it's not a misspell
so basically why I put why is because
right Ric is a very popular word it's
like a school it's a food apparently
honestly I thought it was just my name
but it is all this other stuff so I
can't you to name a clothing line rice
because I'll get sued or something I
mean it just won't work so all they know
the Y is fancy you know kind of kind of
sleek and it's pronounced the same way
and yeah but here we go next piece we
got these three stripes it looks fire
okay a little recycling thing right here
and then over here got some more
recycling thing with Asian where's that
I do not know I don't speak Chinese I
just thought they look cool so I just
put them there and then these last two
are just regular merchants but the thing
is I'm going to bring this over here
closer to the light but look how glossy
it is I so basically most people's
merchants Greenprint which means it's
ink so light if you wash it over and
over like it starts fading it starts not
looking as good this will never fade dog
come on bro no brainer so cheap keep it
affordable this is Tony I think this is
40 I'm gonna put at 40 I think just cuz
I want it like more exclusive and then
these are being made like in another
country so the shipping like jeans were
actually heavy so the shipping is mad
expensive for no reason bro so the jeans
are slightly more expensive than I wish
they were I wanted to keep it at 50 but
I'm sorry and then follow sure just some
regular rice gun stuff got that and then
this is kind of small on the back I'm
going to blow it out I'm gonna bring it
close to the light it has like a glassy
thing oh yeah and phone cases boom but
yeah guys this is so dope in the hardest
part honestly that took a lot of time
we're just getting started and getting
this all up and running but now that's
up it's going to be quickly as soon as I
think of more ideas for merch I'm
dropping it out but yeah more clothes to
come like hoodies this shit when it gets
cold also new music coming soon but I
think I'll just go upstairs and chill
guys the market here I'm telling us try
it out I want to see how it looks on her
lose your loss in it if you don't I like
it know she likes it though and you look
pregnant
ooh did you did you know fall will stop
please fucking camp out
so guys these are my jeans in my nan
fuck ha ha ha here right quick filming
and bombers selling like a god Church
600 video and you're rocking that Loki
now no I really cool follow me
downstairs my friend LM cute right dude
whoa my large is large
I'm keep some time who else has this
merch yeah can we just all right guys
the shirts just came in and the neck
light I want to draw merch the next day
it's like 4 a.m. right on up all night
get up like everyday I'm back on the
ground behind you a quick photo shoot so
you put this on the website I mean that
all made like right now so we can drop
her tomorrow man we're doing this
tomorrow sound like a god Church a so
the Bros wanting me to fix like I never
ever going to usual tea I was like
Marley it was just wasn't my thing but
like I guess I'm calling today right
oh they're just coming out crispy boy oh
god I don't think I'm the model I'm just
showing off the fit of the jeans guys
like please don't look at my six-pack I
know I don't have one don't take on
skinny I know but I'm just trying to
show off the fit of it not in well I
have it on the way up right now it just
fits really good good it is oddly
standard Jean guys like to gzp wear
every day like I was tired just bind you
that never fit perfectly and I didn't
got my shit tailor and just got no I
mean I'm put out of these jeans and they
looked so pro all right guys I'm not
trying to flex my abs right now I'm just
taking pictures of the jeans no come
check out all these Taylor's like guys
I'm so into the stress you feel me I
didn't need to show off to the stretch I
didn't need to cut up the knees and I'm
chilling
check out these zippers because the
zippers do like look if I'm ever because
if you take it off you know I mean it's
always tight so you just take it off
easily
and then you can easily just right here
boom have it perfectly right there you
can have it on the way normal if you
like it normal you have a normal I like
to have it like this a little bit whoo
we would have a little sauce but yeah
bad the Jesus spit perfectly just basic
jeans you can just wear it every day and
beat them up and come on bro okay okay
to fill this dog to feel it do it it is
good quality very well it doesn't get
better than this
let's go
hell yeah yeah you like that yeah so
last night I was up all night trying to
get my mercs website up on top that I
had to edit today's video so I totally
forgot to do an outro but if you made it
to the end thank you so much just a
regular video today man better than no
upload at all so look if you end up
buying something from the merch make
sure you guys tweet me a picture tag me
on Instagram do something they get my
attention on social media because I
really want to thank you guys I'm the
stats of my last song I said I sold over
like 10,000 on iTunes right and I only
got like 5 to 10 tweets of like fans
being like yo rice I got the new song
but like if you are doing something to
support me bro send pictures and stuff
so I can follow you back at least but
guys new video tomorrow it's a banger
thank you so much it made to end I'll
see you guys tomorrow
rice alert
