good morning boys and girls I always
wanted to do that as a kid I just never
had an elevator now I have an elevator
in my crib so today I think I'm going to
be doing a 24-hour elevator challenge
United made it so I'm going to literally
be sitting in this elevator hold on for
24 hours but look man I can't just stand
there all by myself that's kind of
boring I mean I can by I have a roommate
i'ma ask him
I highly done you down because once
again I mean who really wants to sit
there for 24 hours let's see hold up I
have actually hurt my hand
geez boy boy what's here well I look
back no what's that phone case looking
like hold up oh yeah that's a nice
marriage Oh exclusive I look I need to
ask you something what you know we have
an elevator in the crib before we do
yeah bro look how so far we got Ella
okay so I wanted to stay and do like
this elevator 24-hour challenge which
means we would have to sit in here for
24 hours me but I asked us to let I go
today it's a bigger but I mean I don't
want to stay in here all by myself all
day like boom do it with me well what
does not utilize ro it's a fun it's a
viral video bro bro I plugged you in and
now you have a girlfriend like come on
bro dude I plug do it bro no no but it
we'll figure it out let's just go to
Target and just grab stuff yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah that's the one I I'm only
doing it if we can get some extension
cords and the home of you're down to let
us put the Xbox to the monitor in there
what is possible yeah hey bro you see
this done guys I was whipping it last
night and this stupid girl with oh my
god all right boys and girls we're here
at Target
just looking around we are going to be
an elevator for 24 hours which means we
need hydration for 20 hours food
entertainment i'ma try to find cars I
did something like this before I met
myself in a box that kind of blew up and
then I started like a whole trended
stuff man you know what I do but like no
you're just in one spot for so long you
have to be comfortable and have fun and
you don't have food so you can survive
I'm going to be doing it with the homie
over there like trying to get food like
they're preparing we're all preparing
I'll grab two because I'm gonna grab
other stuff I'm gonna grab two of these
bad boys hi bro so we need water so you
want to get some like bro play water or
you want so easy we'll get your car back
oh yeah but it's so expensive get them
like cheap like a big jug I'm trying to
save money I was just joking gamers
you're grabbing that curly fries yeah
okay that's okay we just came up on
something this is Belushi - butter jelly
sandwiches in there should we get some
bread here here
throw that in get you back to me that
should be enough the two packs of this
know what get one of these two is
nothing else we have a place to be ah I
like that honestly didn't think about it
but like when I was in that box for a
long time I had a jar that I was
urinating it haha we're out in public
and shit well we need to find something
to do that again because we can't leave
that room so we need to also find
something too you know Kassar fluids
through oh what is that oh these stress
I'm up to grab Oreos two men the redoes
inside Mountain Dew could you grab one
of those grab throw that in the
chitinous and just close it up so no
will be perfect first about to view this
elevator for a while should really dress
up games or something so yeah like we're
like what games all this caught my eye
bruh no kind of focuses you want to get
them behind it yeah I'm gonna grab it
whack ass over you over done - haha no I
just grabbed - bullocksies listen what
you're doing it though I can't take you
anywhere
what the fuck is what I'm thinking
- guys I had to get out of there bro I
didn't want to go to jail man Lee he's
over here causing trouble like I've seen
people do that online I would never do
that that's just so crazy put that back
where I'm calling from
go put that shit back guys will have to
go home start the timer 24 hours
elevator you can open back again oh gosh
please he'll turn up you got it yeah
this big call you tell you to say that
Oh what's up you know in before we want
I'll never allow that right when you
start a company
oh that's oh
we are going to hold off the camera
photos off so we really go to Target so
you'll pick up some supplies and we end
up getting banned from Target so I mean
I was banned for VidCon
now we're bad for target hi guys we just
got home got the stuff for about the
past two elevator ELISA what's up dude
how's it going I'm pregnant I mean I'm
good let's pack all this stuff in there
you helpless or going to the Standish
okay okay trip all right guys we're
packaging a little bit I got all the
snacks all the food or they estimate we
see 24 hours don't know why we're doing
this I mean I'm desperate for views at
this point is that the reason why we're
on the second floor is because there's
an Internet corner we're going to tell
you an Xbox in here just so we're not
bored so hi guys so we have an extension
cord going right here but the thing is
is hopefully no one called you elevated
elevated this close itself and now we're
just seeing if it closes oh oh oh yeah
what what need this bro and so we have a
power source we're gonna get the monitor
in they're bringing the monitor in there
I'm so happy
things are all coming together Oh things
are looking good so this dude is taping
off all the I'm still so scared I'm
gonna walk into things
yeah well here come the guys we throw
hella parties cuz we're cool kids and we
have these laying around sore about to
put these in front of every elevator so
we basically have the wires like going
through the elevator and if anyone from
the first you know fourth floor clicks
elevator but the elevator is going up
and all the wires are connected so it's
going to mess something up someone's
getting to her the elevators we get
stuff something getting broken
we're telling everyone do not click the
elevator button but we're just making
sure right now so we're trying a new
method over here yeah boy it's about
that time as soon as I go in there the
door shuts the timer starts 24 hour
challenge and once again if you're at
home watching I challenge you guys if
you're another youtuber go out and do
this 24
our elevator channel alright guys I
think it's time Alyssa
I'll see you in 24 hours I love you too
bye alright here we go
call the elevator and I think the homies
already in here
yo bro are you ready I'm ready bro and
there's no going back bro alright hold
on I'm gonna sit right here as soon as
this clothes we can't leave this after
this is supposed to do a barbecue ready
Nuria Vegas I didn't do it I mean I want
to stay here and worst it year soon and
lighter so fun well you have an xbox so
again what about something for us yeah
oh hey guys so we have wires running
through so we can play xbox and if
someone hop and I spot to sit nice month
acid' we got snacks over here I think
we're good the elevator I mean if we
accidentally press any of these it's
over like the elevators going up or down
there's wires that's but I upstairs
alright so we've been here for like five
minutes we're not doing much room so
here's the tie for everyone that is
wondering a little focus on it is
exactly 1052 right now it's pretty late
i we started late so we can sleep in
here for a little bit and then you know
go on edit and work through the whole
day where's our the whole day
alright guys we've been here for a thing
like three hours it is 1:45 net oh yes
Tennessee
it's like 1:45 a.m. feels like it's it
like five hours or even longer but we
like played game show but we don't like
the first hour play nice long played
games and you can only play games and
eat snacks for so long
showing it like I'm gonna kind of stiff
bro it's been like travel all the time
we get a bit stretched you know we're
really in an elevator but a no one has
call anyone where I was we go up 21 more
hours ago dude this is ass this all good
bro me what's the story later cut this
bad boy or we gonna play off the place
of Mayall double duty this shows us an
hour to hell yeah oh hell yeah
I'm so excited about these are the best
videos on YouTube of the pie face videos
did you remember to get the lip creme
you said you had
and rice don't do this right now isn't
that right stop the obviously tollens
ever who had the whip cream brown go
please tell me you're kidding right you
I actually don't have a thing no listen
to build it so that shit out bro we're
here I live here
they suck ah that's not a freak out bro
do you want a lunchable different what
is going off yeah you know what I'll
take one finished it was pretty good I
mean it's not that bad one on board two
is really hot I guess I don't know I
guess the air stopped working I think I
might just go shirtless like the Roses
over there are ways of it he's been
stressing out more than me like you know
I'm feeling him out and I don't almost
together look I still stick to my boy I
have to pee so bad my head hurts dude I
just had to go pee do like I'm just
sweating kind of getting hot
Sharpie it did ya hear it like your -
waterfall judgment look away I just
wanted to go look at all
bro look at my dick honorable cousin I
won't guys this is not photoshopped or
heavy it was empty earlier thank you so
much oh my god that's so nasty wasn't
even up without selling water please
well no put it back over there that is
so nice
alright guys so he's just playing games
right now over here he's kind of hogging
it man I kind of wanted to play split
screens but I mean it is what's up -
what's up cuz that yo-yo what yo-yo
actually that yo-yo
it's uh guys I just took a little nap I
have no idea what time it is I don't
know where my phone it is right now it
is nine so we start at ten it's not what
makes it 11 hours I think the bros is
passed out out there ya know some weird
beeping happen less than I think
and we're told it's 9:25 so we have 13
more hours dude last night when the
beeping happened I don't know what how I
actually panic I just not recorded
I needed the pee last night dinner P cuz
I look nervous and I've been holding
piss all night so I you know could you
hold this while I to take a piss just so
they believe this growth is like I'd
fight think that like we're just joking
like it's really a struggle in here bro
Oh bro my back it's not drinking water
bro don't turn away beats bro you got to
get outta here so I was sitting it up a
little bit I don't wanna see why do you
miss your fucking shirt off
good morning guys just took a piss I
feel yes here that way is there stomach
I don't know what's wrong with me what
is wrong with you out do you have to do
do it
I know your whole vision to those
problems I think it was dire I don't get
it too late I know you are broke lip I
did smell it and stuff but I don't want
it on bro bro I didn't want to stand
because I invited you ready brother like
you didn't want to in the first place
and I invite
oh my god oh oh oh it felt so bad oh oh
all broke out do something bro are you
if you guys get skills with the clutter
on your iMac looking messy Brown door
you brought it
don't shut up oh you brought it broke
niggas are you retarded all oh come on
man - come on but as I heard a funk
broke it goes to battle we're different
guys it's honestly so hot in here do I
see me daily bro why because my boy time
to send me a marshmallow Diplo and a
couple other big DJ's are going to be at
this pool party to the morning pool
party in Malibu yeah what time is it
four legs all day - they're there
another match on the Asian Cup yes
you're why are you guys here
this is dip on your book fuck it is 346
which means that leaves us 6 105 hours
on don't be sure we started 1046 that's
why I live it exactly five hours left
well what the seven hours left oh dude
you're going to message this party I
mean dude if you want to leave bro click
the button and leave but you're RT we go
we go you're not what do you do it no I
don't want to be there anymore
nothing over bro do you think about I'll
open it all we can do to save us some
time
are you really about to diss me for our
forties a party brother it's almost like
oh what up to chilly right there oh my
gosh we put her my fuck Kurtz Oh first
time I got a pan butter
just like his first real meal and I had
the worst let me gig I had to take that
that was awful
your Todd was mad slow in situations
like this my day is just fly-by-night
weeks while bond will just stop talking
enough just to put up their supplies are
running low
we've been here for almost we better not
play yet it is focus 50a I got SART we
proud I think it's finally time I'm so
stressed right now it's finally time
should we do accounting action it's time
to get out of here boy we did it
tell-tell ten nine seven six
aah
where the school what the heck way bro
do Howie and target how'd that happen
don't let's just different stuff to make
a video let's do this way per hour in an
elevator shaft
yeah let's top some stuff here let's do
it hello Jesse Jackson is that should be
enough for you - yo bro are you ready
where are those school quad da head way
bro - Howie and target
how'd that happen don't let's just get
some stuff to make a video let's do this
way for our in an elevator channel yeah
let's cop some stuff here do it kept
asking is that you be enough to where
those people what I had way bro do how
are we in target how that happened don't
let's just different stuff to make a
video let's do this way for our in
elevator channel yeah let's top some
stuff here let's do it you're racing
where are those people what I had way
bro do how Ian target how that happened
no let's just different stuff to make a
video let's do this way for our in
elevator channel yeah let's top some
stuff here
Mozilla fall
