hey guys I'm sorry I haven't posted in
two weeks I hope you guys to understand
I draw like this song and did really
good and I just started I deserved a
little vacation but I'm back dad you
know back to daily upload anyways my two
weeks away from YouTube I really didn't
do much I mean I went to this thing
called EDC is like this music festival
that's like really big I only went
because it was free but I went it was
kind of a weird scene is not my style so
I really did enjoy at all couple of days
ago though VidCon happened and they
cause like there's a bad for people that
make videos to go there either fans or
you know it's just a place for people
that make videos and stuff and you know
I make deals and stuff so I fit right in
right so I pull up the VidCon and the
second I step into the building many
mobs and swarm of kids just start coming
showing love showing that fan love and
it's just so crazy because never in a
million years maybe even think of having
this horrible following images I don't
get it guys I'm used to it by now anyway
I'm in the mob taking pictures and stuff
you know everyone and I don't know what
are these security guards grabbed me
since I'm a like dragged me to like this
back room area kicked out all the fans
it was like me five big come security
guards at like 10 on my homies thank you
miss VidCon with they literally cut off
all our wristbands took all our
credentials took all our VidCon badges
and they're like you guys need to go
home you guys can't come back and I was
like what and that's of my head security
VidCon guy I don't even know pulls me
off suicide and he was like yo you can't
come back you're bad forever if you come
back it's considered trespassing and
we'll call the cops I'm just like wait
what like VidCon for people that make
videos to meet their fans I'm just here
to meet my pet it's not my fault that I
create such a big crowd because like
most youtubers are just walking around
they're like normally it's not my fault
pop it and then you said something like
oh you guys aren't invited to this and
I'm just like wait I really went last
year the same exactly happy
just showed up randomly mob and like
maybe they should have been like you
know what maybe next year we should give
this guy security guards and a VIP pass
and make sure he doesn't get mobbed and
doesn't calm its emotions but no instead
they decide to hook up like Tyler Oakley
these waters got youtubers and fly
around stuff and hook those guys up and
not even hook me up so I'm like whatever
I went on their website and bought a
hundred dollar VidCon pass they're
really charging little kids a hundred
dollars to go to this stupid event
anyway I bought a cast showed up to
VidCon and then they basically just kick
this out to her Pat said we're not
welcome and just kicked us to the curb
kind of shitty experience and they were
really mad disrespectful and I was
really thinking about making a diss
track on VidCon but I think you're
someone else I need to deal with first
I'm not the teleport all right guys
we're on my computer you guys need to
watch this this happened at VidCon
we make this important I am Mormon
a lot of money
I cannot believe these are actual words
coming out of another human's mouth who
does this guy think he is you need to be
put in his place
I was Sookie what is happening is you
want the walkers at VidCon and the
security guy is like looking at his body
and there's no VidCon badge no
wristbands so you're basically just
doing this job and say you can't come in
but this guy's just going off and
roastin up for no reason
anyways keep watching it gets worse
go to Michael president what are you
guys all getting kind of man like we get
it bro you're rich or famous but that
does not give you the right to be me and
call these security guards irrelevant
like you're literally just doing their
job I know you were what to VidCon but
like call these guys all these big names
I don't think you're gonna get in to
VidCon by doing that I feel like this
guy think she's like above people he
would call people Pez is it irrelevant
like just I need to relax like I don't
even know who this guy is like Africa
who is this guy
um I have this Twitter right here hold
up what dude this has only 16,000
followers and he's talking like that
imagine if he had my YouTube viewers
like he would be spitting out some even
more insane stuff like this guy really
need to take a seat and humble himself
like she's not shit I was expecting like
1 to 2 million at least bro like damn
you only have 68 in the wrong way the
best part is the security guard being a
social media it has more followers than
that kid like no there's no way like
this kid is talking down on people
because he thinks he has all these
followers use famous but the security
guard is even more fun like that's
hilarious
I really feel bad for this kid is like
even kids were laughing at right you're
ugly
fucking around we may be nobody but yeah
guys as you guys can see this guy's is
making a straight fool out of himself
and you would think you would go home
and just still think about all the
mistakes you've made and you know trying
to be a better person the next day but
no you come is back there VidCon and
gets kicked out again Wow go the fuck
away out where you want to get off
you threat me out Lee you just threaten
me around each other out you're
irrelevant and ugly with the puffs on
your do something bitch don't you think
you got an ego here though why you
subjected relics look at you we're here
to go round down my off my - you're
fucking gay what is he wearing
dude he's wearing that outfit because
this is brutal for Bentley he has to
wear the outfit your outfit on the other
hand you chose to wear that you wear a
plain black Calvin Klein no swag
whatsoever new shirt new day but bro
you're still not welcome and you're
still being rude like what is wrong with
this guy right but the funny thing about
all of this is like the clips of him
talking to the security cuz I got past
the router pit and you start getting a
lot of hate because I mean how can you
not hate him and I'm pretty sure in his
head he's like oh shit dude my
reputations like dying people hate me oh
my god I gotta say sorry I got to do
something you all sound like this
interview thing as you just sound so
fake I'm dude I'm just I'm sorry bro
like you seem like a chill guy you seem
like you know like I'm not usually like
this you know I wasn't I'm not usually
like I was and you learned your lesson
you know I mean I know you're uh yeah
for sure manly um like it wasn't
directly what it wasn't meaningly it
directed towards you
tonight you kind of directed maybe like
you know I mean like you use the Reg
that it towards me like I let down like
so yeah at least you saw this mistake
and you know said sorry to the guy you
know face the thing it could have all
been over but this idiot after him say
sorry my honest Instagram why but I
could not believe what I thought that
secures our guy am i right am i right
fuck the security guard
what ah fuck that guy here big boy like
bro what are you doing like wasn't the
security guard even do it yes we're
followers of you how do you feel so let
me get this straight you show up at
VidCon you know no badge
he just walked through because you're so
famous security guard says no they get
mad because of ugly peasants tell them
to kill themselves pose them irrelevant
when he's irrelevant himself as a top it
all off is red and dude tweet him you
know just tell him I yell bro relax like
you're not as dangerous and then he
tweets back saying I'm viral are you
missing a chromosome or something I'm
Troy you're not viral at all that's
viral alright that's viral you're not
viral you need to relax
anyways I really don't like this guy at
all he's just so rude and disrespectful
and I think would I drop a dispatch so
if this alias more than two legs drop
this
thank you so much if you answer that if
you guys are new make sure to subscribe
and guys guys don't let five roses they
have like a series called kids react
parents react elderly react they
actually reacted to my new song oh it's
about to go and I'm like I have no idea
what this is for Jesus
okay listen to did I can tell that you
out Wow ain't nobody ever heard of a TV
show got a bridge Bella Momentis oldest
child you know can count to 12 it got
swallowed and put against repulsed I'm
going to do the shirts we'll just based
on either for the fuck Jim 10 now I have
done ah
so angry oh yeah Ronghua yes day like
from same phone get girls with a hooker
said you paid for inappropriate
disgusting vile I don't like it Junior
didn't feel like sort of just curious a
little bit comes back like a pure you oh
my god really like a mirror is okay like
it but I have no idea how do you want to
bicker with a baby put some rice on
laundry that's what the ladies want to
hear kids back in high school can have
twice that the insta I don't like you
wasting this beef like some - rizal just
sound like a late deuce with the cars
and not really looking big - down to the
police they listed here it wasn't it
back in middle school or was it senior
year I can give me a heart attack
I don't hate it I wouldn't turn it off
it came on is it's not like in how do
you think they've got what they would
hold on bear exhibit you
1902 a girl to pick you out like words
yesterday a lot of people take it I'm
just kind of talk I don't have to listen
to the lower go slower so that's okay I
like to see good for him on the Lear now
you pick your own brother I don't really
get it back right nobody knows your game
your brother now from your brother now
you better keep an eye on there I can't
believe people listen to this coconut a
bitch now on a bitch niggas dick in his
hand now they don't call me rich you
know so much fun to dance to but then
you listen to the words assaulting my
whole brain this is the things guys
really definitely one thank you to stay
away from I find out my kids are
listening to this I'd kill to this I
kill him
I can tell that you out why ain't nobody
ever heard about the show I got a good
speller poetess hold it this child you
know can count to 12 is not swallowing
