you guys thank you so much for coming
back we missed you yes we have we have a
no wait it's so rainy and nasty out we
got to do stuff inside and we're
catching up on like organizing so we're
gonna build this shelf so I mean yeah I
guess building shelves isn't really that
core interesting but what do you see you
do on the super rainy day other than
like get stuff done I have an idea
we we got some catching up to do so
let's take you back to Valentine's Day
we had a conversation the other day
about Valentine's Day and she said I
would just love chocolate-covered
strawberries if you didn't know she's
been on a really crazy diet she's been
exercising regularly I'm super proud of
her for crushing it I know this breaks
the diet but a girl deserves some
chocolate right all right so these got a
cool for at least like 30 40 minutes by
that time she should be home but in the
meantime I know a lot of you have said
guys we want to see Eliza's birthday so
here's a look at a little Liza's
birthday is a Liza's Burt honey it's
your birthday yes happy birthday happy
birthday do you know how old you are
yeah how old 3 3 1 1 2 3 and you hold
down these ones like this 3 Oh kind of
okay you close it's close okay we got
put some clips up there
like this clip it up like that looks
good
little look good people are starting to
show up but in the meantime we just play
him a little Elsa hair what are you
gonna get you're gonna get another
lobster and Freddie oh boy oh my gosh
what did you get her
but Liza it says there's 70 accessories
ain't nobody got time for that
oh boy oh wow we can fill the water no
ah what do you say to everyone who
brought you presents
happy birthday everybody's gone from
your party what do you want to do
alright let's get her open I got a
really good idea ready we're gonna go
from a bunch of pieces to finish
dollhouse three we did it oh you're not
done honey
these things are so there's so many
parts like look you've even got little
drapes that go up along the chandelier
and a little tiny cups that go on in a
table like this is legit look at all
these little pieces of silverware
oh so after Veronica came home and saw
her stuff she was super happy but that
that wasn't all for Valentine's we also
had a really epic trip planned and we
both got to try out our new skis and new
snowboard this is part two of
Valentine's Day where are we okay
the trailers are literally right here
like ski and ski out I separate the
first day well yeah we can do anything
Thursday
yeah that clip was the night we got here
and it was terrible rained all night
most of the next day and then switched
over to snow but the next day was just
terrible as well but we still got like
that's so much snow we just yesterday we
were so afraid that we weren't gonna be
able to ride at all here and it turned
out we we did
hey I said do it 360 she's gonna do it
okay so yes so we came to Seven Springs
as we do every single year this time was
you know with a bigger group and we had
some time to shred it's been a lot of
fun and we had Nick come and hang out
with us it was it was everything was
good until this happened
what are you doing on that I don't know
what happened yeah so Roman went down
and ski patrol i I've never seen or been
with anyone who had to be taken down by
Ski Patrol
leave it to Roman oh my God thank God
yeah I think God he's okay but man I
don't know where we're gonna go from
here oh okay
so yeah so hopefully hopefully that
doesn't happen to her right now she
wants to do it she wants to hit it oh
what's going down with Brit and Roman
and then that happen with Roman I had to
go get ski patrol for rescue and like I
never flew across his Mountain so fast I
know I was so scared
going in hey guys
the unfortunate part is our weekend's
over and we gotta go get the kids
awesome and I love my skis and I love my
lord
tomorrow my bag she's already I wish I
had the words to describe how I was
feeling when we came home I didn't
really film any of it but I have just
this one clip
your basement floods
so we came home to a completely flooded
basement and as you can see now mostly
everything is gone I mean we still have
some stuff that was on top of the table
but look I mean everything's gone it's
got everything bro this was a nightmare
this pipe now which I've capped this is
where the sump pump used to go out here
but the pipe underground is plugged and
then I just took this pipe all the way
up through the wall the wood and now
it's draining out into the side yard two
days after we got everything out of here
all the wetness is gone Carson comes
upstairs to wake me up in the morning
he says dad the basements flooded again
again dude you can't imagine how upset
dude I woke up I came down here I was
like no no no my hard work everything's
flooded again the sump pump goes out
like it had pumped out so much water it
finally decided yo I'm done I give up
it's been a real fun past couple of
weeks first time we went snowboarding
got a back injury shortly after that I
got the flu so I was down with that for
a while yeah just a series of things
that just been compiling and just
building up so it's just been really
really crazy that's pretty much where
we're at all this windows open oh my
gosh it has been rainin so cleaning out
the basement because of the flooded
basement has inspired us to really kind
of go through and organize the whole
rest of everything in our lives starting
with the house honestly really dropped
the ball because after we got it all
cleaned up we're like yo why didn't we
take like why don't we take some
Instagram photos down there with like a
raft or something and like just pretend
like we're floating or playing in the
water in our basements missed ball now
skin it skewing hearing what oh that's
even better I like that I think the
girls are around here somewhere what do
they do there they are what are you
doing we're working well we ran we got
some stuff done in the laundry room but
then we didn't want to make piles on the
floor again so we had to come empty the
laundry baskets mm-hmm donate and put
stuff away
yeah we're getting rid of all that stuff
we're just getting rid of it Veronica
keeps so many clothes what is that my
money oh thank you oh I love you all
right my friends well that's pretty much
where we're gonna wrap things up for
today all right I want to promise you
that I'm gonna be making more videos
more frequently it's legit been killing
me to not create I want to say it's been
driving me crazy
and as I mentioned before creatively I
just been to a weird place I
I didn't you ever feel like you just
keep trying to swim upstream at the
stream just keeps getting stronger and
stronger and you just want to kind of
give up don't want to give up I want to
keep going I want to keep excelling I
want to keep creating I want to keep
inspiring it's been really depressing
lately seeing everything going on and if
just by hanging out with us here in our
world we can offer just a tiny bit more
positivity to inject out there in such a
negative world I think it's so much more
worth it that my friends is where we're
gonna leave you on this one promise to
see you very soon thank you so much for
watching see you on the next
