I'm out here trying to teach Colin how
to snorkel you getting it I would be
snorkeling with them but one of my fins
lost the buckle so I'm going out there
trying to teach Colin how to snorkel and
I'm trying to get my fin on these are
like I don't know like swivel buckles
pack attachment points this side
literally just fell off so now there's
no way to attach that strap back there
this looks promising
looks good right weird because I'll have
yellow fins knob of my mask you know
shorts like what yellowfin tuna serious
do you just stay in the back good thing
I can swim fast
I used to call me Michael Phelps no
worries man we've got the fins let's go
hey who wants to go snorkeling close
yeah I do
waters like totally worthless today yeah
maybe late this evening in the dark
camera straight nobody wants to watch a
crooked down there we go look at that
castle bro look honey what do you think
those are those are pretty serious
bright bright Roman says I'm going to be
attacked by a shark probably because
they're attracted to that color
maybe I gotta be in the back look at you
you're getting so tan are you enjoying
yourself right now look at this we got
all the kids out here Liza are you
having fun we're gonna wash mickey off
okay all right iliza and all the kids
are out here just having the most
on every unbundle no except for Dale
he's not having fun
hey yo Mickey I gotta say man I've just
been really focused since we got here on
enjoying this experience not so much
focused on filming yet because I just
want to take it all in this is the first
time we've ever been in a place like
this
this water is amazing we're still clear
not so much today but when we first got
here I did my first ever snorkel and it
was it was the best person you are under
the sand did Collin Collin are you okay
are you stuck stuck these kids are
having a blast all right we're getting
ready to go and do some snorkeling gotta
try out these new fins see if we can see
we go I discovered real quick that these
goggles get fogged up super easy so you
have to either toothpaste on the inside
of the lens or you can loogie in it it's
just kind of crazy or you can get
something like see drops it's an
anti-fog slash lens cleaner and it's
this stuff it seems to work really
really well
oh also we have gone snorkeling once
before and I recorded on my hero six I
have to say I wasn't very impressed I'm
going to show you now some footage that
I caught with the hero 6
all right so now we're gonna get some
footage on the hero 5 and I want you to
tell me in the comments which set a
video was better looking
so yesterday's water was super murky we
didn't really get to see as much so I
wanted to keep this video gone with the
really special adventure put together
for us by my friends over at ocean
motion guys if you come to Grand Bahamas
ocean motion has all the cool water
sports and stuff but we're about to go
on a really fun adventure trip
yo this is about to be the best one yet
here we go
guys how often do you ever get the
chance hop on a few jet skis some of
your closest friends and just go mop the
waters snorkel an amazing spot this is
gonna be awesome
y'all big ups to rollin man came through
with the propellers rollin rollin rollin
hahaha what do you think you enjoy that
it ronica looked like a natural out
there as much as we would all like to
can't stay here gotta keep movin
about to bite the curb we stop for a
little bit of lunch my man rolling
here's serving up some fresh curb
looks like turtle weather
sorry
okay had to stop it just to explain what
you're about to see this this right here
happens on our way back was stopped by
this glass bottom boat and and basically
we find some sharks in the middle of a
feeding frenzy
moments earlier Dale jumps in this water
trying to see the Sharks boy are we glad
the guy said to get out I have never
been more excited for food did you have
the best time ever today it was
incredible
we're fresh off the ocean getting some
food fuel this is like gold you just
said that's yours Roman guys that's
pretty much where we're gonna wrap up
today man what an epic adventure
snorkeling in the Bahamas is an absolute
must make sure you hit up Sarah at ocean
motion
tell her Gilroy sent you that's where
we're gonna leave before today I'm gonna
throw you up one more time for a
beautiful look at this sunset thank you
so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
