you know it's really amazing just how
much stuff I can pack in the back of
that Jeep good morning guys
welcome to our first official day of
vacation we are about to check in to our
Beach oh hey who's ready to go to our
beach house me where's Carson we got to
get Carson where Carson Carson he's run
thank you that's good I hope you guys
are as excited as I am right now because
it's about to go down easily don't come
back
Oh
really because that wasn't the reaction
we were looking for she was like oh air
v Allwright Lisey we're almost there
pumpkin all we got to do is get this
part this part that cart you really did
the back heart all in that back seat one
last stop before we hit the beach and
that is it's a little ladies crib that's
right the best time ever we had when
Eliza has her own place to sleep
so we got to have our own crib and we
did that last time I came so it turns
out today we're going to pick that thing
up and bra I was going to show you what
this thing looks like when we come out
it's huge and we got to put it on the
roof and zip zip that ratchet outfit
it's pretty crazy but I'll get to the
other fun well yeah so yeah just like
that
we just rushed it shut that down drive
slowly did you get it on there he walked
away like I don't know part of it secure
problem is the ratchet don't have that
much length to get through here or up to
it so we literally had to double up the
drop and just
wind it through the ratchet murder
insurance doesn't apply for somebody
little work it's fine great secure look
it ain't going on all right
I mean we're from Ontario we're hitting
the beach for actually quite a few days
we don't have to come back for at least
a few days
nice and calm today just becomes the way
to top that means when this home
perfect drone flies weather here so dark
those are you dudes buggy riffles Hey
ladies and gentlemen I present our 2017
free beach house
so
Hey pool table night woo flatscreen yeah
you guys are already seeing this at this
point but this is a pretty nice house
for just two families like crazy this is
the one you want huh there's so many
rooms for boys get their own bedroom to
sleep in and they both chose rooms that
are joined together by a bathroom it is
not we used to have to carry everything
upstairs three levels usually where the
kitchen is but thankfully this one has
an elevator so we're just going to send
her right up does it have to be from the
inside I do move I'm coming Liza
come come in Liza your buddy
I get you
happy vacation little Lizzy so much room
we're gonna go explore our little
section on the beach I hear he was in
fine you can get some show mom Oh
you're going to what's your target this
time 45 pounds 50 pounds my mom loves
them chill you boys gonna get in alright
okay yeah the pool looks a little huh
looks a little black yeah it's full of
sin what the hot tubs good how is it
nice and warm 102 I turned it down to 85
but it'll take a while to cool off you
guys can't be in there for too long okay
move the Jets don't even work dude
really
yeah good look at you
the library come home I'll say she
doesn't really kill very good Ann
Veronica for keep certainly get towards
oh wow guys it's almost dinnertime and I
am in this lovely kitchen can't wait
down the kitchen like this look I could
be cooking stuff over here and cooking
stuff over there so we're not cooking
too much time so we are having Luffy Joe
and Mike a cheese and pear sauce and
horn so I'm just getting the burger
round up here you know you go somewhere
else and use like a stove and you don't
know how well it cooks or this or that
or you're not used to that type of stove
this house is like burnished pecan pie
and we have it up on high but this other
ones on high not hardly
I'm boiling it honey thank you for
cooking some delicious probably too
don't look it like this she is ready to
rock coffee
that's right my friends it is morning it
was a beautiful morning boys are up
how'd you sleep yeah Collins out here
getting some breakfast morning Colin
Veronica unfortunately isn't feeling
very well and we found out that the
babysitter has strep throat so that may
have carried you Eliza which is heresy
Veronica and could potentially affect me
and everyone else here so fingers
crossed on that we ended up watching a
movie last night and passed out right
there on the couch so so we're going to
figure out what we're going to get into
today we're going to drive your RC yeah
I'm going to charge the batteries and
get all that stuff to go on but I think
that's perfect place to call it for
today we're in the beach house place is
beautiful
much more fun vlogs to go that's where
we're going to leave it for today thank
you so much for watching we'll see you
right back here tomorrow
