alright guys welcome back to another
edition a fanart Friday this week I
asked you guys to doll up this picture
of me and I got to say I got quite a few
interesting returns so let's get right
to it alright starting off this week
we've got Bobby Bobby actually took the
time to create a stencil out of the
picture and he spray-painted on to a box
truck it looks like I hope the cops
don't see my youtube channel and
realized that I've been spray-painting
myself all over box trucks be careful
with that Bobby but he did tell me in
his email that it's his truck and he was
allowed so next up is Jonathan McDonald
Jonathan made an abstract kinda looks
like a fragmented portrait basically my
favorite part about this picture he's my
nose my nose just looked perfectly
square straight jagged all these
straight lines it's really it's really
interesting i wonder how you made it
actually haha josh Josh Anderson dude I
look like I'm straight trippin looks
like I just saw Veronica in the shower
that smile though hmm alright justice
day bro submitted this awesome picture
of the pimp the pimp gilroy look at me
with that pimp hat I got these
sunglasses on doe I got the hot dog I
don't know why you guys but hot dog
saloon maybe it's just because I you
love room watermelon chase skill right I
like to chase skill where it kind of
looks graffiti ish that's pretty cool I
wonder what program you used to make
that ah a magma magma look at you I
look at this old ass gilroy and by the
way i could probably never ever ever
grow a beard that big ever it was not
possible I could never do that but look
at me man i got i got white eyebrows
white hair white beard suppressing it's
the most depressing photo I've ever seen
my life it does look good though it
looks really good it's very it's very
well implemented that all the gray hair
and stuff orla what makes you think I
look like a monkey seriously was in my
lips if I was at eight that's what I
would look like Sarah all right Sarah
look here my name is Gilroy chase Gilroy
and I love boobs I love Jack Daniels is
that booze seriously the picture looks
like I'm drunk and I tried to put on
eyeliner that's cute you were oh he's
that straight up straight up graffiti
tag gladiators was a Gilroy color head
right there man Tom Tom you did it right
I like those colors too dark moody faded
aqua and the purple I wouldn't have
guessed at that paint pinkish purple
would work with blue but it does that's
a really cool man i like it and i got
one more this one comes from Jackson
Jackson bro this is the most legit
serious looking I mean I look like I
look like an emo punk rock superstar
look at look look at the facial hair the
the soul patch down below and the
mustache like the color of the hair
doesn't even closely match the top of my
head and then it's that super swag
sideways red hair dye dude
that is the funniest shit I've ever seen
in my life that is funny mad props to
Jackson for taking the gold on this
week's fanart Friday Jax a good job
brother you guys never cease to amaze me
with the amount of artwork that you
submit seriously it's still hard for me
to go through all these emails and and
pick a winner because they're all so
cool and so good and I and I just I'm
honored that you guys take the time to
do that it's freaking awesome Jackson
you're the winner this week you know the
deal email me with your address and what
shirt you would like we got we got deez
nuts right we got we got god bless
america but except michigan f michigan
right we got the motorboat and champion
that's a good one right there I'd pick
that one and then I don't need a tractor
to pull hoes it's pretty pretty classy
right there I want to give a special
thank you to the guys who donated these
shirts it's did you see that dude shirt
calm I'll leave a link in the
description below make sure you go to
their website check out their stuff make
sure that you send your submissions to
gilroy blogs @ gmail.com with the
subject line fanart Friday okay next
week subjective I want you guys we need
to start coming up with a gladiator logo
an official gladiator logo so this is
your chance to really get creative and
submit something that could possibly be
used on future t-shirts my watermark it
can be all over the gilroy blocks
channel so want you guys to work really
hard on this that's all we got for you
this week guys see each and every one of
you right back here next week
