alright guys welcome back to this week's
edition of fanart Friday it's a very
special edition why because it's
minecraft gay minecraft day and we've
got my very special guest Carson yeah
because he's a Minecraft expert yeah
yeah yeahs since daddy's been a little
too busy this week we didn't have a
chance to make our own minecraft castle
we do apologize but that's not going to
stop us from picking a winner out of all
the submissions that you guys have sent
in there's so many submissions and we
have to pick just ten because otherwise
this video would probably be somewhere
around 15-20 minutes long and weigh
nobody got time for that right yeah yeah
you guys were supposed to build a very
awesome gladiator castle with a moat and
a drawbridge and whatever it took to
make a awesome minecraft castle and from
what you guys have sent me there's some
pretty awesome castles it was very hard
to choose uh-huh without further ado
let's start with our first one alright
this one's from Cheng Cheng made a sweet
castle it's pretty cool right gladiators
and blocks written across their looks
that castle with a flag it's got a whole
bunch of different levels look at that
dude look there's a lava down there too
it's pretty cool right yeah thumbs up
okay all right next up is Christian
comer the Christian made a really cool
castle look he's surrounded by water
it's got these big double doors look at
that the gilroy castle along the sides
isn't that sweet yeah that's pretty
sweet ah that's the gilroy castle yeah
that's awesome dude yeah good job
Christian that's awesome Dom Williams
made probably one of the coolest castles
I've ever seen it's huge this castle is
this castle is bigger than my Adam's
apple yeah hahaha good job Dom that's
awesome all right Elliot I like the red
roof castle this is a red roof castle
he's got flags on top yeah it blue red
blue red blue red blue red flags on the
top of the castle that's cool yeah we've
got a moat down there the water going
around it a drawbridge and a drawbridge
that's just what we wanted you approve
it Carson approves it good job Elliot
whoa Gary McHugh he made a really big
square castle it's got all the stuff we
need it's got a moat around it it's got
four pillars on the side so in case the
castle gets invaded we can just stand up
on those crow's nest with our bow and
arrows yeah we could do battle of worse
people verse bag
true dat good job Gary you did great
this next one is from geo and geo that
is some really really tall walls will
get these flashing things I know they're
like beacons of light that go all the
way up to the sky in the outer space
whoa and there's glass block is that man
those are the coolest killers I've ever
seen Oh mo blocks emerald blocks for the
door you could even explode them with TP
oh well yeah all right that's really
good G oh that's really good Carson
likes it every is that this kind of
looks like a Disneyland castle yeah we
do we have to build that one we should
try to build that one but i don't think
i could I don't have the Minecraft
skills to build something as incredible
as that where's Colin and Carson's room
in this castle
it's right there it's right there yeah
up on top the very top peek good job is
that that's that's a pretty incredible
castle and I'm I'm sure that it took
many many hours to complete that build
Jade ship Jade built like a a whole
complex so we have the main castle and
it looks like it leads back into this
upper castle area up on the hill and
then you can go over to the left some or
over to the right is fine hey spider oh
no there's a spider mm-hmm what do we
use to kill the spider nothing it's just
a picture oh oh good job Jade I was
awesome next up is Matthias Matthias
actually is my good buddy who inspired
this week's fanart Friday to make it all
minecraft theme and Matthias made a
really really good look in Castle
perfectly perfectly built with a moat
and what are these things hanging around
are those lights yep oh those are lights
around the moat we've got a drawbridge
we've got crow's nest so we can look out
to see if enemies are coming and the
villagers are guards the villagers are
probably gilroy gladiators yeah they'll
do the guard the villagers there's a
villager guard we're all having
villagers they're just hanging out
having a party yeah I think Matthias did
a really good job yeah Ryan made it
although it doesn't quite look like a
castle more like a Coliseum I got to
give mad props to the guy standing
the background look at that guy it's
like a it's like the gladiators statue
look at him he's holding a sword its own
sword like that oh yeah look at him
here's a giant he is giant he's taller
than the castle yeah that's just like
that seen battle yeah that's why the
gladiators do battle yeah we should do
that yeah how about people against a
mutant zombie really ya think that's a
good idea sure yeah alright so that's
the top ten submissions for this week
and unfortunately we have to pick a
favorite okay ladies and gentlemen it
seems like we have a time my favorite is
from is at and he made the blue roof
gladiator the really cool gladiator
castle and Carson's favorite is from
Chang and chained at the really cool
island surrounded by water multi-level
gladiator castle there can only be one
winner so I have to go with my minecraft
expert Carson chooses Ching Chang
congratulations you are the winner for
this week's fanart Friday everyone give
him a round of applause good job good
job clean beautiful beautiful approves
he is the expert so we have to go with
whatever he says if you want to
participate in fanart Friday send your
submissions to gilroy flogs @ gmail.com
you have to submit them by thursdays at
12pm ok ok so Chengdu send me an email
with your address and your shirt choice
we do give away the smile more shirt
last week so you have to pick from the
others and yeah everyone that's
submitted thank you so much and we'll
see you guys right back here next week
