hey Carson we just picked Carson up from
the bus stop
good morning by the way you say you want
to go show a little certain somebody
your shirt well sure it is it it's myoma
yeah did you take it for show-and-tell
oh he wanted to show Dennis Roady hits
smile more sure what does it say upside
down it's gonna fit on Dennis I don't
know all right
yeah you're right it's the same upside
down
Carson loves Nutella it's not just
coincidence because about Batali's here
he loves Nutella and your 1 1 and
Nutella and jelly sandwich for lunch
that's pretty good by me go ahead put
that on I'll let you squeeze real hard
you read it okay all right
spread it out boom Nutella and jelly
hamburger buns and there you go bro I am
starving so watching you edit that vlog
was your power shake that power food
smoothie I'm watching here
so it's making me it's making my stomach
literally eat itself
yeah what's gonna Denny's they have
healthy nutritious french toast Denise
yeah let's go Denny's they have healthy
nutritious french toast bacon and
whipped cream
oh it's gonna make donald's and get big
fat greasy sausage links
what about Subway Oh a plastic bread
well that's thicker this no you hear
about this no I just got first I got hit
with the footlong supplement being 11
inches in here which we measured it yeah
man now they're getting hit again
apparently they have traces of plastic
really really small mouths in the bread
now they're dealing with that woulda T
is Elvis but never this big the big hype
on the news lately and the foie mousse
in the blogosphere is there is there
anything left in this world that we're
gonna eat well if you're giving bread
meat and veggies for five bucks I mean
there's the can just go outside nibble
on that tree oh freakin nice it is out
there uh it's hot I had to open the
window because Todd Dennis we need to
get outside before this day runs away
from us bro let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go Carson come on we're
going we're going to Romans you ready
yes we're gonna eat first
definitely yeah
yeah yeah I'll push them out
okay thank you
so we're on our way out and person go
freaking bean we had to pull over and
the situation what Carson wanted chips
he gets the chips and I get cookie
what about Dennis I suppose I could give
him a cookie he could give me some chips
yeah that's good
you want a cookie then why don't realise
think I wanted to come across all your
food hot so the goop get your own
cookies I'll give you a bite on your
coat feels good
coca-cola is so good good really subway
dude you like it it's good I'm getting a
phone call
my butt's vibrating
I don't know that member I don't know
you I will answer I was realizing last
night how difficult it is to vlog on
this for other well three other vloggers
usually when people are vlogging I put
the camera down so I don't like the blog
the same shot everything yeah nothing to
see in four different angles yeah but no
you're right when someone else is
vlogging you put your camera away but
then it's almost like it's almost like a
race as soon as that dude puts his
camera away someone else is gonna pull
airs out because typically when someone
else is vlogging it's because there's a
blog opportunity right and then
everybody else wants to jump on it but
it's like yo they got it yeah since they
a quick draw yeah there's a be like a
game show the vlog game show who can
capture the most vlogs the epic vlogs
the fastest but what's your ah you don't
you don't get the blog man sit
snooze you lose she always got to be the
first one to pull out your camera the
Roman grad a new crab for his fish tank
it's a porcelain crab and I wanted to
show how awesome this dude is he's
pulling out his little arms they have
like fishnets on it and he catches
little particles do that is so wicked
look at that man and then he eats
everything off the fans yeah I got these
saltwater creatures are just incredible
it's another world it's another universe
Veronica check the storm mail today and
I got a very special package from my
buddy Brent
he finally sent the help you out here
helping help me thank you
okay send me the drawing he did you know
Freddy I didn't realize how good-looking
you were until this you kind of got a
little James D look going on there wrong
as soon as I can I'm gonna find a frame
for this and it's going on my wall boys
you going hey where you going to hang
out with Scott Lindsey you tell Scott
and Lindsay that I said hi okay please
I'm busy I have to work this is weird I
have to work this is my work we're
getting ready to go film well well the
voice changed forget a battalion Dennis
went to work out there beasts
working out getting fit I should
actually start working now I wish I wish
I could take my shirt off in public and
be like yeah look at me peace you ever
wondered how pranksters kill the time in
between videos it's a little something
like that you have to be the kid to
create the kid let's go film again for
today and found ourselves back at
O'Charley's cuz it was that good
fortunately it's not Wednesday so we
don't get any more free pie no free Papa
you'll you'll come back later we sold
them out and free pie anyway that shit
was good though
I want to share this power
unreal bro
I wanted to fight I didn't tell you
about my biggest trip I just showed the
boys that I can moonwalk and they're all
astonished no no no no
hey hydrometer I didn't get me
moonwalking on my vlog yeah walk
challenge here we go Oh chase is the
best of walking sure let me get the baby
beat it yes that's how you moonwalk boys
Mart dinner was banging the boys got
themselves a little moonwalk lessons
you're getting it you're gonna get it
I'm gonna try I'm gonna practice it in
two days where Emma's gonna show you
guys exactly well two days that's all I
got that's good gonna make me a
moonwalking master I think I just need a
slick start you do you got it on a
better surface you would own it yeah I
mean I I don't want to brag that's why I
leaned it up to my friends all right
city rat City backpack city it's a
beautiful night perfect perfect for
doing what we do boy
oh my god I don't think it's about time
to get set up back when we did the spray
paint prank we were trying to we're
trying to optimize our time right make
sure we knew where the cops were mm-hmm
and so I got this app it's a police
scanner really simple so now that we're
doing this prank and we have constantly
run into cops we need to get this done
right just say it bro just said just
tell them tell them just taking too long
just tell him all right it was my great
idea everybody look and let me go let's
chase his idea okay just so everybody
knows no I thought it would be a great
idea it is a great idea to put the
scanner on so we know when the cops are
on onto us yeah just listen it's like
police lights red and blue on the all
right we're back home eyebrows weird on
him they say those viewers are so
annoying though these fucking vlog
camera there's another camera in my face
I don't give a shit I'm sorry I love you
see you later brother
see you broski thanks for everything oh
yeah it's a great filming as people said
good work on the camera actually really
yes in the new video they like wrong or
chase where were filming each other
that's right good work boys good night
peace out bye Danny
Romeo CEO go blow your nose dude I don't
want that shit no that was good slow-mo
it is alright so I'm home everything
went well we didn't really have any
police activity in line which is great
and everyone's asleep so I'm gonna go
slide into bed and get some rest
so we'll see all you guys right back
here tomorrow
