hey guys what's up it's another day I'm
just not as good-looking as yesterday
but hey make the best of it we were busy
all day I didn't really check a whole
lot of my Twitter social media whatever
we hit 50,000 subs you guys 50,000
subscribers whoo let's get a high-five
everyone high-five me
awesome awesome I kind of want to
celebrate tonight even though it's the
middle of the week we'll see what we can
get into cuz we need to do something fun
for 50,000 of you guys hitting that
subscribe button
it's incredible that leash oh I was like
that's the coolest leash I've ever
suffered looks good good good good yeah
did you sleep last night yeah I'm here
and you did the same exact thing I did
which is suits like when sad I passed
out
we were passed out on the couch right
yeah until like 11 o'clock this morning
dude we're gonna go get some stuff done
you know before filming tonight we're
gonna film tonight later bye honey love
you
see ya yeah these are one of my
favorites oh sorry dude I got you I got
you
yeah be good good peace my son peace
tell you could be a dad you couldn't be
a dad
you would be pretty cool dad time to eat
I've never been to a Charlie's you've
been there you've been there you
probably want to hear it you think this
is wick so thank you it'll be fun
you let me worry about that
Irish food Oh Charlies Irish goes green
huh look at this this is a
protein-packed meal right here salmon
steak hush puppies broccoli casserole
what are you going to revise revise our
fatty meat yeah it's good for you it's
tasty
eat it
Charley's gives you free pie and
Wednesday free frickin pie and Wednesday
let me explain something about vloggers
it's so hard to hang out with multiple
bloggers isn't it no no no luggage his
head smartest one every time you thought
you can't somebody else so we have the
same vlog today now I go you're having
your highball caramel we just ate lunch
got back to Romans but Ally's gone to
work out Romans on the couch the girls
are going to drink wine
why drink wine they're gonna get their
wine on we're just gonna relax recoup
get some rest before making big things
happen tonight bye honey
love you see you later what you got - oh
they're just so happens to be two of us
besties by June 28th 1991 still good the
hell was the one did you enjoy this is
what you tried you actually tried three
different
I did try this one and this one and then
a Pinot Grigio this one unless me this
is sweet and the other two are dry hmm I
don't like wine too bad they don't have
a Jack Daniels
tasting area cuz I mean I could just
taste Jack Daniels over and over again
huh mmm maybe holy baby so we got to
leave here shortly to go film don't kick
me either
no better back up for you smacked up
bring it on what are you doing oh yeah
Kane what Kane's got no pants on what
the heck you guys playing good guys bad
guys yeah it's cool I know what you're
thinking don't let the boys play with
guns when we were growing up we had the
biggest toy chest full of like play guns
and guns all kinds of cool stuff that's
how you grow up to be awesome people
play with guns where your kids let's go
check in on Vitaly
just check in to my tally first Vitaly
wears metallic are you naked oh what's
up you bout ready yeah look at that sexy
six bang boom I'm ready
Roman everything yes we're ready
we got the ATM we got the banana we got
the clothes we got the game bag
everything's good let's go
alright guys we're gonna make it happen
that right
oh you're damn right let's get pump
that's my debit card you gave so what's
the you don't know them or they you do
know them no you got a deeper why
because I'm because you're suspicious
right
the state was the problem the problem is
on I'm investigating what's the
suspicious activity with an ATM and back
at the vehicle we are totally here yeah
that's all it is a little bit ID partner
sure
where'd you get the ATM from how much
does an ATM cause they're all the food
all good you guys have a senior vehicles
room huh you guys can have a senior
vehicles boy right here laughs I take a
look at I mean can we say no you're
gonna not do it I'm just going to look
through the window I'm not I don't want
to pull it out then I mean I know
they're pretty freakin heavy or anything
yeah not one
who actually owned
don't you guys have it sitting just on
the wall of the curb
yeah it's kind of I know yeah yeah
and I'm like was nnh a man just as I
went by I mean if you guys are clear and
I'll go to Lawrence that guy's some home
it's late super late alright guys we're
going to bed we'll see you right back
here tomorrow
