you guys ready to go see the ocean yeah
yeah we can run it's too cold
watch the gold oh yeah you guys one of
my favorite part about coming here is
the fact that you can drive your vehicle
on the beach you can't do that
everywhere you know along the code so
it's kind of special like when you can
drive your vehicle on the beach right up
here is the first the first opening to
your the 4x4 area and it's always that
special moment for us we get to the
beach in the can actually see the ocean
we haven't seen the ocean yet aside from
the drone clip yesterday very excited to
be back to the ocean
yeah you go you're happy based on
yeah he read with the grandparent oh
whoa Liza wait what you can get done
maybe we're digging
you're digging you're digging Oh God
we're stuck Oh God
we're stuck you should've checked it out
if you had to be stuck anywhere in the
world I think on the beach should be
probably the coolest back row board
again
groaning
because my dad while we're out here we
figured we will go and take a look in
person at the house we'll be staying at
this coming week pretty exciting to
check in tomorrow and it's kind of crazy
because the house is gigantic how many
bedrooms and seven bedroom with my
parents is us so gonna be sick no yeah
I'm not going to show you you're on the
way home tomorrow
I hate to teach you like that but I want
to wait to show it to you when we can I
can give you some more appropriate
footage because the houses I think a lot
of you guys don't really understand like
why we keep coming down here not only is
it the experience in the tradition that
we get to spend with our family but it's
the houses every time we come down we
stay at a different house and that's
what makes it unique like we get to stay
in a different how every single time and
it's not always the same so we have a
different experience every time some of
them are really fantastic some of them
are kind of
but uh but this one was amazing
Hey look the snake snake snake Liza it's
a snake
come on crazy Liza you going to the
bathing suit here is it scary
Oh scary
yeah of the things we didn't bring
bathing suits was one of them
did you forget mine problem we run into
is a lot of places around here because
it is still preseason finding somewhere
to open boom you know five seconds food
review I had the fish sandwich called
the friendly fish very good every
flavors on point
surprise and everything is delicious
follow these guys on Facebook come down
here and check out if there's a really
good hitting little pop don't step on
the crack Eliza why the don't step on
the crack watch your crack
don't step on the crack oh she's oh look
at her gee you're somebody crack right
there get off the crack Liza rookie
money
oh that's good
what's it Oh your mom oh she's in the
bathroom I just killed her
are you guys are something special look
at you careful Martha that's the thing
guys the this place is like a madhouse
when it's prime time like during summer
season but it's kind of cool to get the
whole run of this everything we're kind
of feel like we have it to ourselves
look there's like no one around there's
ups and downsides to that there's not
much time the pole is going to close
very soon the boys Vegas women he's
ready are you ready go
so it is very windy oh by the by the
sound side I had to hurry and get a
camera and tell veronika to come down
here because sunset it's happening where
do you see this right now it's beautiful
what are you wrong thank you
where did your dad comin oh we had fun
yeah dream about leaving gonna do
inventory and mothers for not a teenage
Rico who's better hurry you want some
ice cream and a chocolate chip on the
sugar cone mint chocolate chip sugar
cone alright Carson you're going with me
no that's no that's not 101 scoopers
yeah this is your home let's go get some
we need to these little ladies were
taking a nap
why is it your hair is lit yeah is he
closed Oh Horton oh man
well so here if you give me the rest of
your cone yeah I know I'm bummed no ice
cream tonight that's all right I've had
ice cream before yeah you are oh yeah
we'll get some tomorrow tomorrow we
check into the beach house so it was a
nice little stay here at Corolla what is
this called the Corolla in Corolla in or
no it's called the init Corolla light
very nice if you guys ever come down
here place is super cool this way but
but uh yeah tomorrow we get to the beach
house it's going to be so cool this
house is amazing I can't wait to show
you guys I know we get to the store
because we're not giving up on ice cream
and they just came over the loud
speakers did they close attendant look
at everything like little one Ben and
Jerry's progress
that's my choice right there chunky
monkey
who are you doing you checking your
fishing line all right let me see that
rank said earlier that when I was
driving she goes oh my gosh you have a
giant one nose hair sticking out and I
just saw it in the mirror I was like oh
my gosh look at the size of this please
see that from there to there I just
pulled that nose hair out giant I mean
like totally about that fishing line I
want to frame this thing no put it in a
trash can
I stopped on that actually brain matter
it probably is oh my god Liza you look
like you belong on Thank You Betty
what's that movie oh my gosh yeah Wow
thee oh well I think everyone has had a
nap today except for boys the boys and
me so it's been a long day we've had so
much fun I think you should start
wrapping things up because we get to go
to our beach house tomorrow I can't wait
to show you guys this house is
incredibly big I've already said that
I'm just repeating myself at this plant
oh my god so I think that's pretty much
where we're going to wrap things up for
today mom do you have any final word no
what are you right back to this moment
that actually my line yeah I'll get it
out
okay so it's about time for us to get
some sleep from right here at the Inuk
Corolla light I want to say thank you
guys for hanging out with us on our
first pre day of vacation technically
and yeah we'll see all of you Ryback
here
