it's a new day let's do this right now
I'm headed to meet up with my buddy Cody
he runs a painting service and he
contacted me to design a logo for him
for his business I did he loves it
today is all about all about working
making some money and building that bank
gonna build that Bank come on dude what
are you waiting for get out that car
time for the bank Gregor the bank
getting to think the only reason Collin
likes going in the bank with me is so he
can get a sucker what kind of sucker did
you get this time what is it root beer
who don't like a root beer suck I don't
blame you noon root beer suckers are
good well yeah all right we gotta go
home and get some stuff done ready just
trying to build the gladiator castle
gladiator castle you say all right so
listen I'm changing up fan art Friday
this week and you have to make sure that
everything's submitted by Thursday at
noon the rules are a little different
instead of having you guys just do
random stuff I want you to do something
each week I'm gonna pick pick a topic
and you have to create artwork based on
their topic you guys need to make a
gladiator castle in Minecraft and the
best minecraft castle wins fan our
Friday this week is that awesome or what
yeah I know the greatest castle in the
universe oh yeah I'm gonna jump in with
you guys so at the end you get to see
what I came up with
put all your Minecraft skills to work I
want to see it awesome gladiator castles
what oh you want to try that
all right ready go you're a drummer dude
that's pretty good that's pretty good
I'm not gonna lie you you actually sound
a lot better than I do
I gotta go mow some grass and I don't
have time to cook a taco bell's just
easiest I know my diet is crap but talk
about it's right there it's ready I was
gonna say fresh but then then I changed
my mind you ready for some Omega you
guess so yeah listen our fans want to
hang out with us
and you guess so it knows the plan no
mess you're on Twitter you know all
right let's get the computer set up we
got a omegle it's time to a mangle
there's a ton of you guys there just
foaming at the bit for my living room to
show up on your computer screen which is
crazy but let's do this right let's do
it well she likes Gilroy's vlogs she
looks so nice hi why don't I show myself
all right here we go big reveal ready
cameras gonna die I'll bet you had no
idea hold on that was Gilroy say
something anything
oh my god we're chatting with random
stranger it's around stranger stranger
so random I don't know I might if you
could just stop typing that would be
great
do you hear crickets what is it my
brother I know it's not my fault yours
it's your fault
all right do it bro I once made the
mistake of telling my mom that it was a
woman's job to do dishes and guess who
did dishes from there until I was 18 I
moved out what's up dude yeah yeah
what's up no well believe it it's me do
you need validation look look at that
yeah magic yeah magic go ahead yeah bro
mind blown I see a wicked drums
behind you yeah tell me you know how to
play tell me it's tell me it's prime
time for you to sit on that throne and
give me a wicked nasty beat it is 10:45
but I'll do it just for you mmm yes yeah
yeah
you know hey Brock hey I was your new
job very nice yes dude falling shirts
all day all day it's gonna get to the
point where you're gonna do it in your
sleep
I could already do it in my sleep if she
does actually I woke up the other night
and I was like I was like what are you
doing she's trying to fold my pillowcase
you know before when I was sleeping she
would try and wipe my butt yeah and now
I'm kind of relieved that she's just
trying to fold my pillowcase if you know
I'm saying only if you do something
crazy red easy go perfect that's all
right hey who's that other guy my
brother Oh your brother what's your name
where you from Justin up from LA from LA
oh yeah yeah where's chase who's chase
I'm gonna give you one kiss before I
let's see one two five seven 120 show me
that show me the time on your phone
again look at this look how late these
guys are up 4:30 a.m. 4:30 in the
morning just to hang out with us I want
you guys to shout out Orlin Garrett
because that is dedication that is a
true gladiator dedicated till the end
you guys I love you I love you first
don't forget Veronica don't leave
Veronica now get the heck off your
computer and go get some sleep
we'll see you guys tomorrow
whoa whoa whoa what's up my dude
all right so help me in this amigo
search well that was fun right yeah that
was really your first sitting on a mega
wasn't it no your second the second or
third second Bronk who was having a
blast that's for sure it's super it's
super awesome yeah it's super awesome to
meet the fans you had a ton of fun with
all you guys on omegle thank you so much
for staying up late a couple a couple of
people were up till 4:30 in the morning
in Scotland and in Ireland and Singapore
and the Caribbean and Connecticut and
Kentucky and Philly dude you guys are
all over the place it's awesome I have
to edit it's gonna be a very early day
tomorrow the Tally's coming in town and
it's gonna be a lot of fun should be a
really cool week for sure
so we're gonna end the vlog I'm gonna
get this done and then go to sleep for
maybe a couple hours and then get up and
go crazy go crazy little stuff we'll see
all you right back here tomorrow
