good morning gladiators look at
veronika's making french toast and look
what she put in it see what this talk is
all about since it ruined your life I'm
sure it's good look at this happy bunch
of kids just easy delicious french toast
yeah is it good guys yeah what you think
Kane does it make you smile
no yeah yeah yeah my brother who makes
the best french toast do you guys agree
yeah good job honey they love it Thanks
yeah here we go
car full of kids really huh great here
too my mom yeah we're gonna go to my
mom's have a nice little cookout while
you two enjoy your kids hey it was
there's a lot of fun keeping them last
night I may have had to tie him up and
put him in the closet for a while but
he'll be fine yeah they'll really be
fine got that picture perfect sky
it's a beautiful
almost as beautiful as my wife look at
you
they look great today honey never
changes music wonderful Thanks
I thought you're gonna say something
like you look the same as you do every
day I look the same now and
in high school
so for a company a couple more wrinkles
I smell so much
got the two coolest kids in the back man
this is like a it's like a
picture-perfect Sunday stroll
we're just cruising
pretty lazy sunbae that's for sure fine
that's what Sunday's are all about you
just relax yeah we're going to my mom's
I texted my mom Roman lives not far from
my mom's console so
I thought hey why don't we go see my mom
I don't get to do that very often so
every chance like yet it's good to go
see it's good to go see mama bear she's
gonna cook us some food so that makes it
even bop a bum bum this is my dad for
him he went through and painted in the
gravel like parking lines my dad boys
are out here working in the wood shop
making stuff
getting a woody dad's making a little
box for his uh these are called channels
squeegee channels and basically when
you're doing houses each house has like
different sized windows it's a pain in
the butt if you've only got one size
channel so he's got all these different
size channels and he's making a little
toolbox to put him in this guy's crafty
man that must be where I get it my mom's
the coolest look what she made us for
dinner
it's a classic classic cookout man huh
hot dogs hamburgers pickles my mom
always has all ups too any time we ever
cook out mom's got olive she loves
olives I like olives who doesn't like
olives green olives here's the good
stuff cucumbers celery and carrots
it's not good when you put what veggies
oh the purpose more fat I could use a
little fat if you hadn't noticed look at
my belly so so fat that's pushing out
think about the money find a t-shirt
that says wrong man these guys are
sitting here looking up vacation
destinations well I'm very hard at work
I was setting up my dad a like a routing
and scheduling program for his business
Brooklyn business well in order to go to
Rome or all those places you have to get
work done which is what I'm doing okay
it took me probably what an hour two
hours to get this whole scheduling
program set up and I think it's gonna be
awesome
you can decide what crew goes to do that
work it's freaking awesome you're gonna
love it
I'll make you deal okay once I get a
hundred thousand subscribers guys better
subscribe I want to get wrong if I get a
hundred thousand subscribers I'll take
you to room yeah just you and me not
wrong not dad me and my mom I'll take my
mom on a dream big Rome hundred thousand
that's not very hard
we're about halfway there do the
skydiving where do you want to go you
know you want to go to Rome with me
it's like the most romantic place on
earth from what I hear but if you want
to take your mother to Rome but that's
fine it was her dying wish she said
before I die I want to go to brown I
said all right let's go Rome hundred
thousand subscribers mom goes to Rome
she can die happy alright if that's all
it takes
I mean that's easy I have you guys never
met Molly and pepper these little girls
right here please these are German
Shepherds just like Zeus but they're
female can you tell the size holy crap
pepper
come here girl come here come here spaz
she's a spaz
these dogs aren't trained like Zeus but
I'll bet he'd have a really good time
come up with the tablet come on we got
to go
wait Collins got school tomorrow it's
almost 9 o'clock we've spent all our day
mostly here on these devices Bradley you
need new beer Bradley black I need
another hole in my face let's roll we
got a go cream puffs smell my finger hey
we'll see you guys soon okay
but oh yeah we'll see you right back
here oh honey I didn't realize that when
we left that our house was completely
destroyed you know the slumber party was
havoc on our domicile if you don't know
what domicile means it's pretty much a
very intelligent word for house I gotta
get the trash down to the road and clean
this place up a little bit for crying
out loud
I can't wake up in the morning to this
so when Roman brought the kids over
yesterday he brought over this really
cool electronic drum set toy and it
looks pretty legit we didn't open it
last night but I'm feeling like a little
kid and I'm gonna get first dibs on this
bad boy
I think that's about enough drumming for
one night I did very well what do you
say
yeah all right good deal
yeah yeah I'm pretty good drummer I know
we gotta get up early and that means
it's time for some sleep
right yeah cuz last night we had all the
kids and it was it was fun
everything had fun yeah yeah they had
too much fun too much so we're gonna go
to bed and we'll see pretty much every
single one of you guys in there tomorrow
