interesting things in Columbus Leopard
it was a real beer that was really his
hair was he's proud
I know where we are and this is where we
did the yeah we were tricking cops yeah
we've been here a lot yes the court
knows is this where our court days we've
spent many days mm-hmm
so this could be the spot right here
where we have court which by the way is
it the 28th for the June 24th of June is
our court date the day that we stand
trial for pranking for bringing it up
for prank and dirty
this one is pranking there wasn't dirty
we weren't
trying to catch the spring you know
every time I go into a store I gotta
pick up something to eat on usually when
I pick up something to eat it has
something to it to read it I know so I
got three toes someone suggested that I
try even though I don't like the jacked
ones flavor 404 it's the mystery I just
want to know what it tastes like
you're gonna find out right now actually
let's do this together
you try one do it I'm gonna guess it's a
barbecue whoa no
oh that's bad it's overwhelming it's it
maybe I maybe I just got one that was
really seasoned but I don't want another
like that well no I'm gonna leave it
like that it's toxic
I don't know what to call it bold flavor
experiment painful taste tester
nothing Center painful
I don't like it dude this is the worst
idea I've ever had dude he almost broke
my arm I'm not even I'm gonna save her
video that was the best idea that we've
ever had
you know I he was gonna break my arm
like I was in the concrete it was three
of me yeah huge his shoulders were
bigger than me yeah all right I'm just
glad that you're alive I thought I was
gonna have to call like oh you do it
more you're doing more so a long story
short basically Romans just got mopped
all over this parking loss I'm soaked
yes he's doing his thing and while the
sir comes out it finds out what he's
doing you'll see tomorrow when it's up
tomorrow we'll be up today if you're
watching this yeah today today oh that
was beautiful dude I'm still shaking
dude I'm I'm kind of a pussy when it
comes to getting thrown around by by
anybody especially dude that guy look
like the hole he's huge he's I bet he
looks small on camera I hope the camera
footage is still because I was shaking
nervous like oh my god robots buff died
it's the worst idea ever all right let's
keep hahaha oh good this could be the
best I think it's the best worst prank
ever oh this might be my last prank I
might retire right now I just scored one
of my most favorite treats in the whole
white world Buckeyes
y'all don't know about Buckeyes they're
the most delicious peanut butter
chocolate flavored treat that you could
ever put in your mouth
they really are it's all over it's over
Dundee so I want to show you guys real
quick how this train started out the
other day with Tom I want to show goes
over their blog started out and then I
want you to go Frank
look at him
I don't think of it ever anyone's ever
seen you vlog while you're vlogging vlog
you while you're vlogging that's locked
up that's so vlog DUP this is funny we
shot the intro last which is fine it all
makes sense in the end
if I shot the intro in the beginning I
would say let's see how people were
gonna react yeah I filmed it last I just
have to say I'm stealing people's gas
you should have been like all right guys
watch me get my ass kicked today dude
that was the prank
I think old Roman gets his ass kicked
right I know honest to god what of this
yeah it was fun this was definitely an
adrenaline blood pumping video it's
exciting you get your you get your free
videos worth on this one and Veronica
told me that the kids are coming to my
house soon right yeah you got some stuff
to do edit so weird vlogs are weird
actually today it's actually already up
see I'm I'm in the future right now the
future Roman I've already edited it
that's weird that's really weird you
know when you stop and think about it
well it was fun dude it was awesome
thanks for bringing me back thanks for
the filming it imagine if that video
would be like if you didn't film it I
can tell you it would be shit it
wouldn't even be filmed it would be shit
without me Veronica
let's scare some kids dude yeah let's do
some of their lives
try to you know oh hey buddy did you
miss me yeah got your Kindle hey hey
there what's he doing man oh you still
look wonderful that's the dedication of
Broncos she actually she actually leaves
before she even takes a shower to go
fill smile more stores call it dirty
well whatever you are that's dedication
you really blown that bad boy up ain't
you
it's a it's a living room slumber party
with all these crazy boys no swords in
bed this is an inflatable mattress all
right everyone lay down on the on the
mattress
good this little pile of pile of
blankets in pillow I can't tell you one
the last time we had a sleepover here
cause these boys are like they're drunk
ladies and gentlemen witness a very very
rare occasion for children one room all
completely silent
everyone's a slave
it's time for the same Brickyard
see are you guys right back here
tomorrow
