welcome back to this week's episode of
fanart Friday where we run down the top
ten fan-generated pieces of artwork for
the gilroy gladiators without further
ado let's get to the top I'll hold on
let me it's quite late I need some
coffee this week's first submission
comes from hey I'm Zeus and apparently a
screen grab of me getting handed a hot
dog I don't even like hot dogs no I do I
like hot dogs hot dogs are great but you
can tell by the look on my face that I'm
quite excited for this for this hot dog
I like that that's pretty cool you're
next up Aaron Weisberg rest in peace
Veronica working at nights working
nights at the hospital that's quite
appropriate and may I say a good timing
on that that was pretty quick actually
we just in the last vlog announced that
Veronica wasn't working nights anymore
so nicely done and I really like the
representation of really burying that
job just bearing it it's dead Archer
banner ah let me first point out that
Veronica looks really really sexy with a
sword mmm and for some reason my head is
a lot bigger than it should be but
that's fine that's fine i still have a
sword which makes me badass next up we
have a drawing from brandon keys Brandon
did a really really good job on this
look at that I've got an eyepatch I must
have been in a really heated battle and
someone like plucked out my eyeball with
the spoon so now I have to wear this
eyepatch I look like a final fantasy
character that's awesome it's a really
really good drawn Christopher
Christopher was a Minecraft he
row and so he made a smile more gilroy
gladiators a structure and minecraft and
that's pretty cool man he built the
whole wall I want to see I want to see
someone build a Minecraft like castle
right that has gilroy gladiators over
the top of it with like a drawbridge and
a moat that would be sweet all right
Jeremy this is from Jeremy Herrera he
did a really cool outline and colored my
profile picture which is pretty basic
these days everyone's doing the profile
picture hashtag gladiator I like it
Kelsey venray Kelsey I've been waiting
for someone to do something like this
that if you can look closely um this
entire picture is only the word
gladiators and smile more alternating
and she uses basically it's called a
clipping mask which is really cool it's
it's kind of like a it's a typography
type of artwork and I like it but Kelsey
that was a great idea I really like that
Lassie I believe glossy he he I think
it's a boy this is the gill hog it's
that it's the gill hog no explanation
necessary this is a trademark look for
me the gill hog and it looks to be
represented very perfectly next up is a
really cool filtered photo montage
Nathan rudder did a great job and I like
the effects the black and white you've
got my camera on one side and my goofy
ass face on the other Gilroy blogs you
what can I say it's good looks good man
this one is from Samantha brown and
Samantha found a very good-looking girl
I mean that's me on the right side
sometimes I dress up in wigs and dresses
so what don't judge me I'm just an
entertainer you know but we also have
very good looking picture of me and my
wife and my wife standing alone she is
really good looking who's better looking
in a dress me Veronica let me know
alright guys so that's the top 10 pieces
of artwork submitted this week and as
you know I always have to pick a winner
I always have to pick a winner and it's
very tough let's see it's got to be the
best one Brendan Brendan keys with the
badass drawing of me looking like I'm
ready for battle and I'm not gonna say
anything i'm just going to smile more
and wink with my eye patch Brendan keys
is this week's fanart Friday winner
Brendan if you can recall actually take
a look right over here and you'll see
what shirt choices you have we still
have a smile more shirt available so I
can't understand why you pick anything
other than a smile more shirt but do
email me at gilroy blogs at gmail com to
let me know what shirt you would like
and also include your address so that i
can send that to you please send your
artwork to gilroy blogs @ gmail.com no
later than thursdays at noon and please
use the subject title fanart Friday that
does it for this week's episode of
fanart Friday we'll see all you guys
right back here next week
