I had quite a few people request to know
how how exactly I do my hair so I
thought I'd start today and show you
guys that because it'd be really easy
right Kirsten yeah yeah be real easy all
right so check this out here's how we do
the Guildhall it's really simple I use
acts messy look it's the best for like
my hair type it's really thick if you
can see it's really really thick it's
kind of like that paste the softer stuff
doesn't really work well for me but I
just get in there get something like
something like that not that much about
oh I knew something like that that works
well and then just take it and put it on
your hands rubbing hands together for me
hands together real good
you'll get some someone bad thank you
and then it's really easy all I do is I
just start putting it in my hair like
this to get it in nice and nice and
thick and then I just start shaping it
up it takes me about 30 seconds to get
it perfect boom
that's usually what I do right there
that's it that's how we do it me and
Carson are gonna go take care we got
some stuff to do we're gonna go pay a
couple of bills I want to do something
fun if it doesn't rain and it doesn't
look too bad out it's bright but it's
certainly not warm it's probably only
like 60 degrees for the high today
thanks but it's not gonna stop us from
doing us right yeah let's do it
definitely bittersweet I'm at the bank
giving up four hundred and sixty bucks
just to keep driving that Jeep
I love the Jeep I don't love giving away
money that's not you guys remember last
week's fan on Friday winner Brin I went
out of town so I didn't have a chance to
send it yet but right now I am going to
shit
Brent his shirt because he is an awesome
artist and he deserves his prize is
right here it's ready to go
here's your shirt dude and I read him a
little note and gave him a signature I
think he'll like that you thinking like
that yeah yeah he's gonna like that for
sure right here it is buddy
this is your package and just just so
you know
there you go it'll be the Edit but how
long I'll be at your door in a couple
days dude I've decided that I want to
make fan art Friday and and other like
other different videos like that
standalone videos so there will be this
vlog and then a second video the fan art
Friday uploaded that way if you guys if
there are people who don't like fan on
Friday they don't have to watch it just
kind of which is a shame because I you
know I want you guys I want everyone to
be engaged but also I also don't want to
have people sit through something they
don't want to watch so you guys can
choose to watch it or you can choose to
not watch it it's up to you that's the
beauty of choices you make your own it's
my call and home from school is hard day
it's Friday that means the weekend you
don't have school tomorrow is that
awesome or what yeah awesome we're gonna
sit here and wait for mommy to get home
she's over at Roman and Brittany's and
then we're gonna go see my brother Josh
Veronica's home she wants to make food
before we go to Josh and Sam's so she's
gonna make something that I have never
seen her make before just came up with
it really you came up with it
it's original just how's work take the
crescent roll and you put a little dab
little sauce and then you take this
string cheese and like cut it into three
pieces a little piece inside with some
pepperonis roll it up they do roll-ups
Pisa roll-ups oh yeah I thought people
are gonna get the wrong idea cuz it
almost everything you make you rollin up
chicken alfredo roll-ups pizza roll up
I don't know I don't know what is to
make the pizza roll-ups we unroll the
crescent rolls we're gonna cut up the
string cheese we add a little sauce ll
pepperoni mushroom banana pepper
whatever other toppings that you prefer
roll them up and throw them in the oven
not quite done but they look I'm good
and so far your prediction that's proven
wrong
she's the melting out no well why not
because like I said the crescent roll is
like bread it rises it's rising up
around everything really I thought it
was crust with the crescent roll not
sterile I think they're done kinda you
know let you find it the pizza shop mini
Stromboli's just a little bit of
pepperoni with the Stromboli's in the
little Stromboli am i right is it look
like a shrimp oh yes they look like
little mini Stromboli's there's a couple
of them ones yes no no Jim Boley
Stromboli say say it like this
it's Stromboli's Trimboli
that's very good I'm not very good at
accent sound sound of that
Stromboli ready I'm ready right then is
done and we're gonna eat and get the
heck out of here and go hang out with
Josh let's make this well how do you
like it yeah good it was so
I thought it was pretty good pretty good
be honest no I'm saying pretty good it
really could have used a different crust
because some cousins it was a different
type of different than your traditional
pizza boy it wasn't bad I liked it I
didn't hate it I liked it I cannot take
Colin right now Colin look at me look at
me look at me
you got the Gil Hawk and you're eating a
bag of Doritos that is a little tiny
meat right there seriously look at you
dude
what are you doing yeah he's really
small huh what are you gonna do if he
poops on you
josh has guns like he's he collects guns
and Veronica's never shot a gun before
so we're gonna make Veronica shoot it's
only a Ruger 9-millimeter we're gonna
make her shoot it we're gonna set up
these beer cans and me and Veronica are
gonna shoot at them these are our
targets yeah gun real gun really real
and it's gonna be I'm gonna set the
GoPro up to down here by the beer can so
that you guys can see them fall
hopefully they're gonna fall well have
you gotten us into don't worry I'll be
fine
I'll have you guys know that I've never
shot a gun
for I know what to expect
there's a safety on we'll look and jump
each time you shot it are you pumped are
you ready
are you nervous yeah what do I do
I know you know what to do well give her
the rundown Josh your finger passes
slider it will pinch you
safety share safety safety zone Safety's
off that's right it's hot where you
shoot push down you might want that for
games
I'm shaking too bad
hey your guns hot you're out you're out
a 5000 did I hit anything you hit the
stick hey you did good though drop it or
anything like that so that's a plus
flower good job high five for being sexy
sexy gun woman yeah she shot it all
right there's the can I got demolished
this another one about a boombox bug
that's not bad right right that's why
having ten shot - yeah I didn't have a
shot but I hid it under like I hid it
under five six I think six shots - can
this is a Mossberg
12-gauge shot now it's my turkey gun so
it's gonna have some kick I don't know
if I can do this one and I apologize I
jump every time the chase shoots this
garrison
yeah it was loud what Wow oh you shot
the Kam's nah now that one's dead
that one's dead Veronica's about to
shoot this and you probably just saw the
kick on me it's not awful but just be
strong be sturdy and hold it and you'll
be fine all right and this goes here
this goes here yes okay don't you fire
until I get back and out of place and
lean into it just a little bit all right
good job though you did it proud of you
yeah she's a champion all right cuz this
might be the last clip on this battery
we're we're gonna be here for a little
while so the next clip you see is gonna
be us out finally got a fresh battery
that's thinking battery was flashing red
all the way up until one till you shot
that gun and then died but that was a
lot of fun and I'm super super proud of
you honey for shooting that big ol gun
yes my nerves gone drop it no you didn't
that's probably gonna wrap up the vlog
for today
I am going to actually begin shooting
fanart Friday so make sure you click
over to the next video and watch fanart
Friday if you want that's the beauty of
separating the videos is that you don't
have to watch a fan on Friday if you
don't want to so if if you should feel
inclined just click on ever and watch
pan on Friday do yourself a favor
alright guys that about does it for
today so we'll see all you guys right
back now tomorrow
you
