so for the past three days I've started
my day in a coffee shop today we're back
at my most favorite Tim Hortons and
you're wrong with Tim Norman
you're getting an apple fritter yeah I
had one of those yesterday that's a bird
saving cage that's what Tom putting your
driver last all right cameras ready I'm
ready I had coffee it's now all over
Romans car the slope is the wind do not
not my fault
I want to keep my blog intact so I'm not
gonna show you what exactly
so I don't give it away people know you
everywhere dude it's getting out of
control right now I think it's wonderful
it's hardly it's making it hard to film
though should bring a black magic marker
and like a table and set up everywhere
we go so you can do autographs someday
that'll be me they'll be like oh it's
chase Kilroy and I'll be back for an
autograph
you ready batteries battery some people
can hear you you know batteries mic it
up my cat up let me begin I come to win
you ready jump we get a little audio
test here yeah gilroys got it
oh you might Tom I okay so the chase
will film me putting pump in yeah and
you're gonna interact
give me some talk give me some audio on
to hey hey yeah I was following you I
was trying to get your attention I was
falling down living students do I need
to check the memory card to make sure we
got space we got space we're ready we're
ready let's do this it's gonna be fun
the first reaction was awesome they're
out there high-fiving this is so great
I'm the guy in the car I get to see
everything and do this first the first
guy was freaking awesome
Tom's literally been standing out there
for like 15 minutes waiting on it's this
person to come out this is how prank
somebody well it's like it's like the
hunt
he's just hunting for humans and I hope
that they take your little bait you
throw up I'm beginning to think that the
person who owns this vehicle it works it
works oh yeah everybody in town see this
damn thing but the person that owns that
these little kids keep walking by trying
to trying to get on camera they know or
doing
we keep walking back and forth like
little vultures all these kids got their
ATD in her YouTube channel when I was a
kid it wasn't called a TD it's called
Tommy needs a spankin and they got their
HD cameras my camera had a kind of dead
ohm battery pack the size of a Chevy
Chevy Vega Chevy Vega came out in 1973
as a Chevrolet product an aluminum block
and around 70,000 miles ahead gas cover
blowing and you spit water at your tell
apart the sign it was like a dirty muddy
thing well that's all I got I digress
long days of filming when you don't get
everything you need really bums me out
you know that's right those are the good
practice when you have to keep working
and keep working out and getting good
reactions good quality reactions from
people who have no idea what the heck is
going on he's the best
it is the
Tom's got a skip town because he took
someone's lunch money and they got all
upset about it I'm just kidding about
Tommy's leaving us Tom say say a little
goodbye we have fun roller me and they
care all please down something oh my god
good hanging out man good hanging out a
few chase I can't wait to see you again
I want to get we're gonna come down come
down yeah come down I'll come up
whatever I want there we go there up up
my man's definitely got the skills to
pay the bills
you you got it I need to teach you how
to turn them windows okay
fake
the Hugh gets kind of weird when he's
hungry and tired
oh yeah he likes yummy yummy so good
that he wants to go back there today
it's it's like all I have to do I like
some way that's why this Chinese food
I've had for years
it's right beside it hi honey
we just got back to Romans house and
Veronica is finishing up and finishing
up the last of her orders so she can be
done and hang out and relax you need to
relax
and let me be the first to announce
actually let's slip wrong could be the
first turn out what are you gonna know
honey announce the fact that you never
ever ever have to go back to the
hospital
ever Veronica is now free of the
overnights and she will work exclusively
right here at the smile Moore store so I
want everyone to give Runk a big thumbs
up pat on the back high five whatever
because she's gonna be a million times
happier
high five five five high five I love it
this is gonna be great it's gonna work
out a lot better for all of us actually
it's Veronica you enjoy doing the smile
more orders yes it's gratifying getting
all the tweets from the fans say thanks
so much at Vern Gilroy's for sending my
order right yeah yeah probably the most
disgraceful part of her job at the
hospital was that she had to wipe other
people's butts and it doesn't make me
very comfortable either you know it's
just touching other people's buttholes
or other unmentionable tasks that we
oppression go into in greater detail I'm
happier she's gonna be home with me
every night oh go ham everyone
congratulate Veronica in the comments
because she deserves it time for us to
go it was a great day I was wonderful we
had a lot of fun we filmed a lot of
funniness but now it's time to leave the
atwood house and go melt into our
that--what's Smith house yeah well yeah
we're gonna work on that Brittany we're
gonna go home and watch a movie I missed
you for quite a few days and now we're
just gonna go home and relax
ya know let's try and sleep in our bed
from I'll see you tomorrow
peace my Britney by Cain by Cain
see you later let's blow this popsicle
stand huh yeah yeah you rave her bed mr.
Colin I missed the past couple nights I
didn't I didn't get to come home and
take you to your bed you ready come on
buddy
oh I found it so today's vlog might be a
little short well that's only because
when when Gilroy's the cameraman I have
to focus on main camera you know make
sure we get good footage instead of
getting a good vlog I really want to
spend some good quality a long time with
my wife and so we're gonna pop in a
movie The Secret Life of Walter Mitty I
hope it's good I've heard it's good and
then we'll probably go to sleep and then
Saturday me and Roman are gonna go back
out and finish filming the rest of this
the rest of the prank that we were
shooting today it's really funny so we
want to put we want to give it enough of
a chance to be a really awesome video so
all right guys so that's it for today we
will see all of you right back here
tomorrow
