much too early to be away I don't like
to wake up this early when we got work
to do
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it hard
fast long just because I'm not at home
it doesn't mean I start my day any
differently
this place has a Dunkin Donuts and I'm
gonna go ham on that job I'll tell you
what I made the first mistake of trying
my sip right out the counter dude always
happy or always at the ice cream shop
always first yeah I like a hop though I
like to make it last
caffeine eh that's right Dunkin Donuts
will do you good in the morning
what if they do one of my viewers is a
window cleaner
so basically what we're doing this week
is a combination of gutter cleaning
window cleaning it's the same song and
dance you've seen me do this before
except except we're doing houses it's
mostly it's all houses right all houses
and you got to watch your head around
that ladder go ahead look at that cute
little body what what tips for real
first day first job I look for that
reason so he gets 20 I get 20 and you
get to suck my balls later I get to
drive awesome yeah we just finished my
first job I didn't take you guys along
we got here too fast
15 minutes that's cool 140 bucks 40 by
the first job let's make some money make
some money Califonia Oh Joey's getting
hot out here it's so hot my camera's all
blurry happens you getting too hot you
know I thought I was coming out with a
couple of dudes but apparently I'm
hanging out with a couple of girls women
come on it's it's almost summer get used
to the heat
we need the heat we survive in the heat
I feel great looks like a cop so I know
we're right here kicking kicking butt
and taking names and business cards and
lunch lunches we're taking kids candy
too like we're trick-or-treating you
know what never ceases to amaze me is
when you go into other people's houses
it really puts into perspective how
clean you are like this house their
windows were all like as I'm washing it
the dust is just flying come on you look
around and I like the shelves and stuff
everything's dusted come on girl dust
your house we've been in houses that
people are I mean you it smells like you
yeah
bumpy but I would impress my wife when
she comes home for vacation yeah clean
windows are good recipe the perfectly
well I just gotta say this being in that
Bell I feel a lot better about my here
we go this is a modern house right here
we've got the solar panels at work
I'm down with solar panels I think that
every new house built should run a
majority of their stuff by solar panels
pretty high up here
so it's every window cleaners worst
nightmare to get to a house you've seen
the big windows that have all the little
like partitions they call them it's very
very very time-consuming and every
window on this house has partitions so
whatever I'd be here what you think that
last one Joey
yeah like I said partitions our window
cleaners first lady the homeowner was
super nice and she actually watched she
watched my Mother's Day vlog she loved
it she loved it because I'm a sweetheart
I'm a sweetheart like that
is that a nice neighborhood what
it's that nice nice neighborhood
this must be where the the banks has
lived
you know dropping back
Carleton freshman he West Philadelphia
born and raised
now I'm not gonna go through the whole
thing pulling up to the last job today
which is a gutter cleaning
and I'll tell you what we're done with
this I'm gonna need it
well you're not share with me your
messed up this is your on some other but
I can't wait because we haven't really
eaten lunch and we're gonna go we're
gonna go bananas that long horn oh oh
loan sir I can't wait I physically
cannot wait Joe he's done you're done
he's done Timmy after trying to get laid
I mean trying to get paid it's waiting
patiently I'm just glad that we get to
wait and sit down a lot you know why
because we wrap we just killed this day
the workday is over let's go get some
food bro what are you gonna get I'm
gonna get steak I'm just ready to eat
my dead bodies in that tunnel right
there the best thing I seen all day
sweaty nasty I want to take a shower and
go eat some food right boy huh before I
left home I was I was trying to get
laundry done right to take clothes with
me and I forgot to put my stuff in the
dryer before we went to my mom's
yesterday so I had to bring my stuff
with me wet and we haven't got chance to
uh we haven't got a chance to take it to
the laundromat yeah I'm so excited right
now it's time to eat I'm tired and
hungry which is a bad combination I
thought we were out back and called this
almost a bloomin onion
it's the same thing very much when it's
delicious
and I had to have myself a little drink
because it's been a rough day we worked
our butts off real talk
no really top
Cheers look what I'm showing down steak
shrimp fries Oh mushrooms no I actually
videotaped my gosh alright now that my
camera died and I had to switch the
battery we can continue talking about
what I was just talking about which is
the fact that Lone Star was off Shane
and I'm about ready to pass out really
fast and that dude's car yeah all right
Joey lead the way Joey Joey wants to
find the pool and I can't say I blame
him because I hear there's a hot tub and
if you know anything about me I freakin
love a hot tub and after the day we've
had I could really go for a hot tub
Cobert this is the third floor the
second floor where are you going what's
the third floor whoa lost my kid you
lost my kid hi you lost by the censors
Brooke and I don't put my hand on there
that's all you had induce the game he
lost my kids he'll be fine he's old
enough to make his own decision oh no
seriously this kid right here he talks
so little her as hard as he works he
looks Joey say something see what I mean
I didn't even turn my camera on because
I I was in like a I wasn't like a coma I
just sunk in the hot water and was like
uh-huh so we're heading back to the room
I think it might be about time for me to
start editing because we gonna get up
early go back to work tomorrow
make some more that back chapter backed
out of mom right Joey yeah suta me all
right
I passed out last night after hot tubs
okay I was really really tired as
everyone else is so I'm gonna finish
yesterday's vlog right now today which
is present day which you'll be watching
slayer today and we're gonna go get to
work that's what we got to do we got to
get to work
so we'll see all you guys right back
here today
