you guys we are at 5:20 p.m. and we are
on hours on the road but we're almost
there we have an hour half left
difficult we got to go this car i
perfectly passed forward through all the
drive and so you guys have seen us go to
the Outer Banks many many times so it's
the same song and dance up we're getting
ready to meet up with my parents here
soon as the hotel we're staying at which
would be really really cool
last time James Holly came to see us
here this is the hotel or motel rent or
whatever you want to call it the day
stated so I'm kind of excited to see it
it looks really cool
good how you holding up back there
why they doing okay I forgot the dream
of me
good left she's actually done very very
well I missed it all going to show you
guys there's a monster truck for Frick
there I think there's one or two more on
the road but grave they're the actual
big monster truck gravedigger live right
here on this road there's nothing it's
like right right here this whole brave
did you look
down boy Wow there's dungeon the
Dicker's dungeon and the desert I hear
they have like kids rides Dickens they
give you riding stuff in the monster
truck which should be wicked off human
problem with them it's like this we know
about an hour away from where Arkham
helmet
now we'd have to make a manger Hey
the first bit of water man brought it
over to the island there's water water
he's like I'll be in the car fussing
over to the island the sunny so for de
Cristo only 40 trees by
we're using carbon I is amazing
hey you're driving we don't want to end
up in the water
oh honey food we do how come I can't see
anything really we live it the windows
very water in something so sighted right
I get to whiskey right at your side
don't look at the Sun Sun it's gonna
blend it last night I'm tired
Mowgli's um you did not drive the whole
12 hours okay my life thank you I
actually I drove three hours straight
Raghav the lyricist is hangry we've got
multiple bogies
we got multiple buggies 12 o'clock
everyone duck and cover
tuck in good how ready are you to be out
of this car
stretch like this oh man oh yeah we're
meeting my parents here please chat
crabs ribbed company it's actually
pretty decent right and they're trying
to close by 7 it's like pen till
some familiar faces I hope they're ready
people hope you're a speed-up summary
thank you so much have a full rack of
risk
yeah hot dog and Collin throw it hard
look at you man already getting some
crab no matter who's not here yeah I'm
I'm still waiting but I can't wait
because I got you know me you come to
the ocean you're happy food yeah yeah
thank you
we just messed you didn't even get to
see what I had because I just just Lloyd
it I eat fried seafood platter moister
tilapia shrimp what do you say Liza
we're getting ready to go see our
accommodations for the night are you
excited to get your stay the naming the
good in that room we need to keep the
bananas right yeah so we've got here
super awesome experience I just wanted
to
live it instead of filming you came up
show the kids a magic trick which was
trying to squeeze a banana to see if
they could puncture it I call and called
him out right away and was like dude
that's plastic so I gave it to allies
instead of leather members names and she
gets to keep the bananas real estate she
remember it welcome all right quick
horse bar room this is our room for the
evening it's quaint
it's perfect it's got a nice bed to
sleep in a nice couch and sit on nice TV
to watch and these I'm not sure we'll do
any cooking on that because Elise is
there oh yeah this one's nice whoa that
was much light huh that's what I'm
talking about look at this fireplace oh
yeah right here
whoa that looks amazing dude
Wow that is beautiful these these are
the vacations that make me so happy
because we're all together as a family
ah and that is something beautiful man
even though we just had some food
Karsten ISM this little kitchenette
cooking the sauce up special well you
got there shellfish
all right I like mine well done okay
okay my kids are destroying my very
remember my dad's gonna show you how she
imposed so forth like a master for a
long time strange a little maybe there's
some in this quarter oh yeah there's
some this place isn't an official like
hotel or anything it's a in did you just
do she goes holiday but this is just
like a nice okay I don't know how to
explain it it's just like a
bed-and-breakfast kind of but already
breakfast tomorrow yeah morning you're
gonna wake up with being a breakfast and
you're going to wake up with me and get
some drone shot I'll hit the rock I
denied you I'm sorry you're sleepy I
know it's been a long day okay look we
got a nice comfy bed super nice nice and
comfy thank you days o'clock oh yeah oh
my shaking it okay so I can't really
leave you guys hanging without showing
it some beautiful views from the sky but
from the ground that is where we're
going to leave for today sit alone there
you guys excited right be so that my
friends will leave you for today enjoy
them view
see you right back here tomorrow
you
you
