all right good morning guys good morning
Carson yeah we're gonna go hang out with
my buddy Scott and Lindsay today yeah
for a little while mm-hmm I'm gonna look
up that a blip I'm gonna upload
yesterday's video over there so that I
don't get left behind I want to hang out
with everybody I wanna hang out with
Veronica because she's not at work and
that's just fantastic and actually a
little disappointing news I have to go
out of town this week to do some work so
I can make some extra cash
welcome to Scott's where's Scott Scott
he made his pizza thank you very much I
was actually really hungry and look
Scott pulled out his photos did he burn
enough for Mother's Day I want you guys
to take a look at these take a look at
these photos that mean some really good
photo you can't see the clarity but the
photos are bomb Diggy bro I took those
photos just so you know that was me you
also could suck less but no one's
bitching check this out Scott got
himself a summer project
this is oh is what is this a Johnson no
Starcraft this old boat it's not an
awful shape does it float yeah
everything - you got some work a little
bit get this thing nice take it out on
the lake pick up some beach babes a cave
rongkhun Lindsay I'll help you if I can
drive it you got these skis you want me
to ski yeah I got skis go with it and -
ha ha
I've never waterskiing you're gonna
learn yeah yeah
I'll learn to water-ski no problem at
all
yeah don't chase the old Roy yeah like a
water-ski like a professional
I could probably fall like an amateur
mm-hmm Scott says this motor is the same
same engine that isn't a four-wheeler
but it's two of them two two-stroke what
size 135 horsepower Johnson 135 single
prop outboard motor I don't think I've
ever shown them luckily I started
vlogging when it was winter time so you
guys haven't seen buck I like it it's
not beautiful well it's a lake and it's
big it's big I think it's the biggest
man-made lake in Ohio it is it's pretty
cool there's a lot of cool spots on
buggy light we're gonna go to Papa boos
this summer I'll show you guys Papa
buzos
pretty pretty badass place I mean with
the people it's so busy like you can
drive you can park in a parking lot on
land and there's a ton of dock so you
can drive your boat right up to the
docks and go to Papa losing eat drink
and dance and then float home on this
yeah do it oh yeah - down the line I'm
guessing Joey what are you doing do not
go back to that Scott and I are
experimenting with this what do you call
this a flashback superchips flashback
superchips flashback supposedly it will
like needs to hook it up to his Jeep and
you can like change the configuration
right of your program Eugene the program
Eugene
we're gonna get this thing set up and
see if we can see if we can't configure
the Jeep for like a high performance
yeah there's a performance mode high
performance she's gonna burn some rubber
oh yeah mmm-hmm it's nice and wet out so
we profiling this cornfield to
completely destroy maybe not a cornfield
because that's a moneymaker for some of
the people around here but millions
maybe a nice little I don't know mud
pile or something let's see you guys
whenever these two get together
settle down that's what you get for
stuff in the manual babe Scott's a
little computer chip thing did not work
it needs an update that for some reason
isn't available on their website so we
don't get to play with the Jeep so
instead we're gonna look snakes
that's cute oh is that where your toilet
water goes yep all right look at the
third right there no but you say you
don't want to pull this car out because
you don't want to get it dirty because
you just detailed it and cleaned it
everything what kind of logic is that
I mean seriously think of it like this
you're gonna take the crap in about 15
minutes right so your logic would say
why wipe my butt I'm just gonna crap
again in another hour so why even shower
it's like that thing I mean what's it
what's that thing Joe Dirt says well uh
life's a garden dig it know what
something like why does that then what
is it Hemi just dude with this it just
does it all right all right let's see
this
you got a really foggy it is it's so
foggy dude it's about time for us to go
home some lumber out there to build
yeah it's always when you're big Donald
it's always nice when you get home I
love that feeling you get home it's the
end of day you just want to sit and
relax I need some Winnie's you know I
get that spicy chicken sandwich at night
cuz that's what I crave late-night spicy
chicken sandwich but during the day I
like cheeseburgers
like a bacon cheeseburger or junior
bacon cheeseburger mmm so we're gonna go
ahead and cut it cut this off we have a
very special gift for prom tomorrow I
was gonna put at the end of this video
but I want them to watch it at the same
time you do and then get Syria all right
guys we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
you
