what's up guys
we're coming at you a little later today
I've been trying to get some stuff done
around the house and I'm sure you guys
really don't want to wash me clean up so
so that's the deal that's my story and
I'm sticking to it
the boys got some suckers I just stopped
at the bank I didn't film that but what
do you think of the sucker play they
always ask me every single time we go to
the bank they always ask me for one
certain particular flavor of sucker what
is it called
as a matter of fact when I took him to
the dentist that's the same exact sucker
that they had but right now you see I
don't have my hair done because I'm
going to get it cut it's getting a
little long so I gotta keep it I gotta
keep it tight
nice and tight boy like a toy again
every once in a while great clips which
is the police I give my hair good they
do this sale it's like a $5.99 for a
haircut which is price you can't beat
for a haircut and it's the last day so
there's like a ton of people
so we're gonna have to wait a little bit
get this little car it's right in my
camera it's like it's like a shoebox
it's a Scion no sionis you know what
Simon
well that's song right here looks better
we think if you haven't noticed that do
like and enjoy my hair short and I'm
really picky about who cuts my hair and
someone else did it this time they did
the right thing I could never tell until
I actually put it up and style it
Veronica has to work tonight and it's
her last night she works before Mother's
Day so me and the boys we're doing
something really nice we're not gonna
say what it is yet and we'll be able to
film a little bit you know for the vlog
but
for the most part we won't show you what
we're doing until Sunday okay don't let
the secret out boys you can't tell mommy
bye I love you see you later
be careful when you get in the car boys
I got drinks for you these are special
Friday night drinks and there they are
gonna get you lit I'm telling you uh
tell me what you think I mixed it
special just for you
yes it's just right yeah what do you
think tell me what you think Colin how's
that drink how's that punchy Drake
you like that huh yeah and they are
gonna be so drunk you guys gonna be
drunk oh it's funny you say that because
that's exactly what that is yeah I tried
to trick you but you're too smart for me
so we're getting ready to do our special
Mother's Day present yep we have to
write it's for Mom yes we're gonna we're
gonna write out basically a little story
for mommy
and we're gonna put it in a special
place for her to experience on well
there's this without giving anything
away that's the best way I can put it
all right we're gonna get we're gonna do
this right up here in my office
it's my old camera yeah I used to use it
probably turn it over to you guys
eventually we're gonna do ourselves a
little a little shoot here
are you ready Colin yeah we already made
our script you know exactly what to say
right okay let's get you miked you're up
first
since you're the big boy that was
awesome you did really good Carson Hey
Colin you did really good too buddy yeah
we kind of tore it in my office so that
we could we could just put a little
something together and now I gotta get I
gotta dump this stuff I gotta get the
kids ready for bed and I have to get
ready to shoot fan out Friday we got a
lot of submissions to get through guys
I'm gonna just say that it's very very
difficult
to shoot with kids but they did really
well I just wanted it I'm kind of
particular take your night boys come on
take your night all right guys I'm in my
favorite spot which can only mean one
thing it's time again for this week's
version of fan art Friday this edition
of fan art Friday is a special edition
because we actually have something to
give away which is really cool and I
want to give a special thanks to mojo
sportswear for donating some t-shirts
and also Roman Atwood for donating a
smile more t-shirt let's get right to it
starting off with my man Yousef who does
not like minecraft minecraft' is sweet
my kids love minecraft I love minecraft
you can build pretty much anything and
Yusef decided to build us a Gilroy
gladiators structure in Minecraft
I love the background we look like we're
in the Grand Canyon's the Gilroy
gladiators Grand Canyon that's really
cool man Tyrone Tyrone it looks like I'm
heading to the fight with my my pipe and
my moustache I got my hat cocked and the
sunglasses on that's pretty cool man
this one comes from Steven Moore Steven
did a Ohio State outline which is my
home state
here we got the boys with their thumbs
up wearing smile more shirts my vlog
camera yeah a very beautiful Veronica
alright next up is Ryan McLennan Ryan
made our really sweet
gladiators with big fat G I like it I
like the colors red and blue we got the
pictures up on top not bad not bad
Laura did a really sweet this looks like
it almost looks watercolor in the
background but then pencil in the
foreground is this supposed to be
Veronica it looks like she should be
wearing a poodle skirt
you know I mean headed to the 80s dance
we classy like that I like it it's cool
next up is Kevin Kevin made a pretty
sweet 3d looking Gilroy with the camera
lens in the background which is perfect
appropriate and the Y on the Gilroy is
like disintegrating it's pretty creative
I like that a lot oh this one's really
cool Kelsey Kelsey when I shot the photo
that you used it was in my head to use
like for that pose to be like surfer
beachy feel because after all it is a
tank top perfectly portrayed what I was
thinking when when I took that photo
James James Beckwith colored a really
cool picture gilroy gladiators really
straight up Gill hawk you guys know
that's that's the trademark that's a
trademark for me but lady who cut my
hair didn't quite do it right smile more
gilbert gladiators you got it dude
Jackson sent us a photo of I hope this
is your dog if you got to sit still that
way a really cool dog was this gladiator
sign hanging from him what I really like
about the gladiator sign is that you use
like a sword for the T was really
created I like that decision that's
really cool
alright in gay I think it's in gay the
Gilroy blogs intro pretty basic got the
lens for the oh I really like that
alright this is a really really really
good one Cindy made us
it looks like it's obviously me in a
Gilroy gladiator get up I got sandals
and shin guards shield let's chase
Gilroy on it well the sword this is
really good I mean the proportions are
good except for my nose my mouth's a
little big you're saying have a big
mouth we tried say Cindy anyway I love
it alright this one's from Brandon
Brandon the Gilroy blogs text is really
really sweet but that's a really cool 3d
space Gilroy vlogs
I think it's awesome and then you put
some pictures up there which I like and
finally I want you guys to really look
at this one
Brent did an amazing job I mean there's
really no words it's it's the most
beautiful and spot-on sketch of me that
I've ever seen and I'd be really
interested in having this in my office
hanging on my wall the proportions are
perfect
the shading the detail I mean you can
see like every hair in my eyebrow and on
my head you even got little dots for my
five o'clock shadow beard which is about
all I can grow make sure you send that
to me because I want to hang it on my
wall so there you have it guys that's
all the submissions that I'm gonna show
for this week's edition of fan art
Friday and like we said in the beginning
this is a giveaway edition and so I have
to pick a winner let's see who am I
gonna pick who had the most creative
artistic proportionate the most spot-on
fan are this week's winner goes to Brant
Golding you know you don't have to be
amazing to win fan out Friday but it
just so happens that Brent did such an
amazing job on this portrait that I
can't let it go unnoticed
congratulations Brent make sure you send
me an email and that's going to conclude
this week's edition of fan art Friday
thanks again everyone we'll see you all
back here next week for fan art Friday
and that's gonna actually wrap up
today's vlog as well it's late I'm gonna
get done I'm gonna get this edited and
up for you guys tomorrow we'll see all
you guys right back here tomorrow
