oh good morning everybody how's that
how's everyone today I'm feeling very
very good is another absolutely
beautiful day you know I can't complain
now I'm on my way over to Roman's we
have quite a bit to do today I actually
have to go back up to that sportswear
place to get the rest of the shirts
because everything didn't fit in the
Jeep so
that's what I'm doing and check this out
I have to bring my laptop with me open
like this because my vlog is still
compressing and I don't have time to sit
and wait for it so
we're doing this on the go look where we
are
hi cane what's up dude you're working on
your bike I'm doing some maintenance
that's cool that's a pretty sweet ride
you got there dude
just hanging out with Veronica hi honey
good to see you
Veronica's getting prepared for the
madness that's about to happen been in
today a tank on that's right
soldiers love the smiling work here I
know I'm keeping that black shirt that I
had on yesterday
he's found the coolest toy canes coolest
toys this little parachute man and he
lights up ready we'll throw them up here
we go
ready that's so cool huh yeah here's
your guy I used to love these things my
parents used to get these for me I loved
them
it's nice taking them outside when
they're windy and the wind will really
catch them and then they'll just float
and fly all over you I'm fun without
mommy and daddy yeah they'll be home
tomorrow yeah
give me high-five
I want a high five from Kane oh yeah
dude look how busy Mike is back there
you don't you don't even care about the
front Mike I miss you all right all
right in and out mojo real quick
I got I got something really special for
you guys
this week's fan art Friday
it's not gonna be just for show and tell
we're gonna give away a t-shirt and I'll
show you guys when I get back home
the best art for this fan art Friday
gets a free t-shirt from my friends at
mojo sportswear how exciting is that
it's a really cool t-shirt I'll show you
guys here in a second look at Veronica
man oh man that's my wife alright guys
so we're obviously we're back in this
moment story I want to show you these
shirts yeah the guys that mojo were
really really super supportive of what
we're doing and what I'm doing and I
told him about fan art Friday and they
wanted to kind of help out a little bit
so for this week's fan art Friday I'm
gonna let you guys actually choose and
it's only gonna be one because I want
these to last a little while the best
submission is gonna win your choice of
one of these shirts the motorboating
champion god Bless America accept
Michigan F Michigan it's brass monkey
shirt
multiple hip-hop this is like a dry fit
mojo sportswear long sleeve deez nutz
now I need a tractor to pull hoes and if
Roman wants to get on this maybe we can
throw in a smile more shirt - like I
said in my tweet yesterday I need you
guys to send your submissions by 5
o'clock because I want to do I want to
do I'm going to switch it up even again
this week we'll have a little different
twist on fan art Fridays
so get to work I want to see your
submissions before 5 o'clock and let's
have fun with it you guys are getting
really good at doing artwork and I and I
really appreciate all of the time that
you put into it and so does Veronica hey
what do you think of my what do you
think of my tank top we think of that
you want one yeah everyone should have
one right yeah I know right
all they have to do is go into the smile
more store romanette with comments buy
one put this tank top on because I gotta
go do some stuff outside I'm gonna need
to even out these tan lines I got a
little I got a little tan line here that
I need to take care of so what better
way to do that then wear a tank top
wouldn't you agree sweet we got to go
cut some grass and I know that's not
very exciting to you guys so we'll catch
up after I'm done I just left the gas
station and I come out from prepaying
calling goes
calling us I just saw a beautiful girl
and you saw a beautiful girl huh
so that's my boy at least we know one
thing you know what I mean
so my dad is mowing the yard and win it
I had to move a stick oh wow I put it
right beside the floor that is crazy
crazy visit it you want to do more than
anything in the world right now well I
love to try it before you would I save
you some gas for the four wheeler
so let's gas her up you get your ID okay
dang dude it's a four-wheeler the the
four-wheeler always dies always and I
guess it's that too long so it's dead
won't start you have to plug it into the
wall which is really really weird you
have to plug it in and it's called a
trickle charger so it'll take at least
four or five hours for it to charge up
enough to start and these stupid tires
keep going flat - yeah I love how boys
just totally destroyed that thing you
ride hard brah I think this is the time
for mosquitos Cain you ever been bit by
a mosquito no I'll bet you have
Zuse making a mess I'll bet you Zeus is
covered in ticks man that's pretty cool
goes all the way back we're going to
walk back there what do you say we walk
back there not right now I have
flip-flops on okay I'm coming out get
down off this big pile rocks my mom
showed me if you take this take it and
you what you're supposed to do is blow
all the seeds off that way and make a
wish but you got to blow all of the
seeds off okay so blow all the seeds off
and make a big fat wish would you find
oh yeah
sure enough that's an ant hole hey
there's more yeah usually you see stuff
like that there's whole the ants will
dig little tunnels all over through
underneath the ground come on yeah
that's their home yep
that's their colony yeah and live under
there yeah yeah
so Veronica's been here all day pretty
much was it 12 hours well she's been
here all day there's this stack of stuff
left to fill and I'm sending Bronco home
I'm gonna take care of the rest of it
does that make you happy yes you go home
and relax a little yes yeah maybe take a
little bash fill it with soap suds
little bubbles little candlelight a
little champagne a little bit of I'll be
done in about an hour so time it just
right and maybe I'll join you yeah over
your bed she will be in bed all right go
home I love you late hours Steve of
course I drive safe all the time and
there we go
boom done D all these orders already
staged and fit to go out tomorrow it's
just a little things that I do for my
wife that you know really make me the
man now I'm gonna go home and hopefully
catch her in the bathtub with bubbles
and candles and everything which would
be great it would be it would be really
great and you know I could probably give
her a massage and she'll fall right to
sleep
yeah that's exactly what I'll do
why don't you guys tell me I look like a
complete slob look at my hair whereas
mine was all dusty leafy I don't let me
to shower alright guys I'm just fresh
out of the shower and I think that's
gonna be about it today it's kind of
late and I'm just I'm gonna go slide
into bed with my lovely wife
so we'll see all you guys right back
here tomorrow
