hey you did a really good job closing on
the vlog yesterday dude
that was awesome yeah and I want to tell
you guys it is absolutely gorgeous
outside today body nicer than a bunny it
is 80 degrees outside Rome you can have
the bombs cuz Ohio is hot I'm in the
middle of cleaning out my car and I just
got the call that we got to go to mojo
and pick up some more shirts our shirts
are ready and not only are our shirts
ready but we have a new exciting product
for you guys I can't wait to show you
and it's just in time for this beautiful
weather I'm surrounded by boxes dude I
don't even know how I'm gonna see I can
see out my front windshield that's good
enough right
box box more boxes you guys should be
super stoked about these tank tops they
are sick and I will be taking the
product photos for these tonight and
hopefully by the time you're watching
this video they should be available for
purchase on the smile Moore store get
pumped you guys need to stock up on
these because it's summertime now well
almost the wagon was just about out of
gas so I had to stop I'm gonna shine got
one of these you guys ever had these for
real smooth they're for real thing is
good they mix it right there at the
machine it's crazy one of the biggest
things that makes me mad is when you're
driving and traffic you're you're trying
to pull out into a busy two-way street
right and you're stopping and stopping
and there's a stoplight ahead of you and
everyone has to stop and they're
stopping and then people stop right in
front of you and don't let you out that
is just absolutely and considerate
but this nice lady let me out so I can't
complain I definitely picked the wrong
time to go up there especially since the
boys t-ball game starts at 6 which is 10
minutes from now
gonna mean I'm gonna be like I might
even miss it you guys ever heard of
National Trails Raceway this is up by my
neck of the woods it's a really cool
spot you can go see like drag races they
do quarter-mile drags there was one
event I went there and saw they had like
this semi truck that had pretty much jet
engines on the back of it and that
sucker would fly like you'd hear it
start up its engines like it was a jet
and then all of a sudden dude took off
crazy I've never seen a semi do that
ever
it's a really cool spot we'll have to go
there at one point this summer I don't
what I like being in the city where you
say hey what's up awesome
people are like amen ain't knowin they
want to talk to you people talk to you
around here hey how's the game going
doing good yeah you did
you're getting ready to bat right yeah
let's see let's see you hit that ball
let's see you hit the pitch try not to
get the tee hit the pitch okay all right
about oh well that's all right Colin
look at you my favorite thing is when
people gave me so much inside make
shirts they call themselves my mom I
didn't realize that you were my mom oh
yeah I like it I like it to go well you
do it
yeah Carson Rondon ready Colin rock it
out buddy yeah dude
Ron Ron Ron
huh why is it never failed when we get
up here at super super windy they can't
ever hear me when I fall it's pointless
to even film here because all you hear
is really did you just think of that
word on your own or it's that because
you're holding a banana shut up my good
friend Scotty yo yo yo yo
and this little guy Lindsey man we're
we're about to hang out we're about to
get our hang on this nice Swisher let's
go waterskiing it's home bar skin-boat
out yeah yeah Scott Scott just got a
boat and we'll be fixing that up so that
we can go out on the lake and guess what
just because you guys are good for us
you get to come too
I was definitely late to the ballgame
and I only got to see the boys bat one
time and that was over which really
sucks but no worries it was all for a
good cause to smile more calls so we're
gonna get some pizza and hang out a
little pizza party hello pizza pepperoni
pizza party pizza cottage my favorite
pizza on the planet thank you honey
thank you for getting that guys look for
wrong because we're shorts Haley
mm-hmm yeah really look at that I can't
even contain myself we have to go play
some Monopoly at a K board games real
quick been working on my juggling skills
I think we're gonna have to practice a
little right now oh it's a stinking bird
look his blog ception she's watching a
vlog while we're filming one how about
that
how's that for your brain internet I'm
not messing with that bird either
not bad at all
and it uses them all good good work
see I told you I've been practicing this
this it ain't easy being this awesome
it's got whole my balls easy with my
balls gentle whoa too much that's good
I can't believe it all of a sudden it
was 8:30 and the kids have school
tomorrow
so it's about time for our party to end
and your song hi Scotty thanks for
coming
hey come back whenever you want really
whenever you want okay my house yeah
okay what happened to your pokemon cards
dude they got wash and crumbled up oh
man so mom's gonna buy me that one
Oh who washed him and crumpled him up I
know you me yeah me talking to mom oh
yeah
mommy did it check every pocket bought
that one yeah yeah that's kind of hard
to dodge because playing cards are
pretty big so you guys had pizza party
today right yeah and you had your
showers Oh
bath sorry so now there's only one thing
left
yeah all right to all the gladiators
good night before you go to bed
Hey all right look at that man that
shirt belongs on you yeah yeah it's hot
pink hot pink hot pink man huh I like it
I mean
kids are in bed and now we're going to
clean up all their toys but now we are
going to shoot the product photography
for the brand new sexy sexy smile more
tank tops shake it I like it I love my
job
alright I'm gonna give you some some
verbal cues and you got to try and act
on them okay you gotta strike a pose
whatever comes your mind first all right
my spot that's fine you don't have to
you don't have to not move looks good
looks focused the beach volleyball
you can do something beach volleyball
ready all right Thanksgiving dinner
funky fresh fantastic right perfect I
got it do the UH okay do the thinker
okay okay I guess you want to get down
to business I understand this is how
real models work
I should have should expected this so
I'm gonna put you guys down so I can
focus on the model she's kind of a diva
right now are you vlogging yeah
are you seriously blogging model yeah
taking pictures haha what the heck is
wrong with you I'm trying to shoot a
professional setting here sorry
no they just wanted some of my
perspective oh of course
Veronica did great it's my turn now look
how good the shirt looks on me I think I
might keep it actually but one of my
favorite parts which is my favorite
parts of taking pictures I'm on camera
now that all the photos are shot we need
to do the really good part which is
photoshopping and putting them on the
web so that you guys can actually get so
that's what I have to do now brother
it's going to take over she's gonna take
over for five minutes there you go do
chase Kilroy impression mmm
ha ha ha ha ha ha you're messed up all
right you couldn't understand what I
said I have to ask chase a lot what what
he mumbles he mumbles
he's a mumbler that's my nickname
mumbles was all of his moments boom hey
do your best Donald Duck impression are
you gonna do Donald Duck impression what
oh wow oh wow yeah I can't do that
people was wanting to see some of our
pictures that we have hanging up I like
I like to I like pictures yeah she likes
pictures good thing off photographer so
we haven't hung any new ones up in this
house
cuz I didn't want to put any more holes
in the wall dude from way back when I
don't even think we had kids yet this
was chase and I let's see
the glare out
there's a Christmas time that was just
us hanging out and the kitchen he's here
that's when I was pregnant with Carson
all my hair's chopped off little baby
calming that's calling his baby that's
when I was I was about nine months
pregnant there a little bitty calling
that's Carson as a newborn I first
brought him home that's Carson has a
newborn show Mother's Day picture the
one that you thought was really freaky
no not yet oh that's chase and I after
one of our ski trips out in Seven
Springs Pennsylvania this is awesome
resort this here is a Mother's Day
present from Chase one year if you can't
see it it's my pregnant belly and he had
his hands making a heart and then he
photoshopped the faces in the heart the
boys here's Brittany Okies
who's Brittany and Colin when he was a
baby I think that was a Christmas
I'm calling of the baby had to my
favorite uh-huh
this was also in Colin's first birthday
when I was pregnant with Carson and
these were Mother's Day gifts also that
chases mom helped the boys make they did
their handprints that year Colin chunky
Garson no no I just finished uploading
pictures to the website and everything
my poor frogs out there passed out early
she gave you guys the picture tour and
passed out I don't blame her cuz she
doesn't feel good and it's like quarter
after one so I should probably get to
bed too because I got to help get the
kids on the bus in the morning and just
start another date tomorrow supposed to
be super super nice again so I've spent
the rest of this night uploading
pictures to the website doing all the
computer work so that tomorrow we can go
out and have some fun so that said we'll
see all you guys right back here
tomorrow
you
