eggs bread what could we possibly be
making it all no guess again oh we're
missing one more ingredient what is it
extra large any Oh No large eggs large
no because believe it or not raw eggs
carry disease not a disease but a
bacteria called Salmonella you know
salmonella
do you wanna have diarrhea for days yeah
making french toast french toast eggs
and fried bacon because I love that shit
how you bacon for breakfast lunch and
dinner all right to make the perfect
french toast mix you're gonna need to
put your eggs your milk and your
cinnamon and mix that shit up you know
me I love my bacon so I'm gonna hang
that bacon on my bacon hangers five
minutes in the microwave preheat that
griddle to a sexy
sexy 350 it's simple really you dip the
bread and then you cook the bread wait
till it's brown and flip it around after
you cook that ate better
Frank put it on a plate covered in syrup
french toast egg bacon combo it's great
yeah flipped about hi baby really
flipped him out now I've been wondering
if you're from France let me know you
guys really make your toast this way
what about your fries your fries French
right that's really puzzled me you're
getting your band-aid taken off rip it
the secret to taking off bandages you
just got to rip it off real fast come
here show the show our friends come on
you can do it you can do it really fast
Oh mommy perfect
how's that you've been gone all day yeah
I've been working you've been working
look
I just tweeted out to our family on the
Internet that we were gonna answer their
questions about relationships yeah
there's so many questions we have we
have to answer so many questions
what do you sound good night sleep tight
don't let the bedbugs bite okay all
right we're gonna do this we're gonna
feel we're gonna feel your guys's
relationship questions right now so this
question says what's the best way to
talk to your crush and not be awkward
just be confident if you like a girl
just walk up to that woman did you say a
woman I dig you definitely you know talk
to her or him or her you gotta be
yourself can't be fake cuz that's not
you and if they like the person that
you're trying to be you're just putting
yourself in a more awkward position
because that's not who you really are
and how many socks do you have I don't
know how that pertains to relationships
both socks come in pairs could be
translated to couples and so I guess
couples are relationships and one sock
of being in relationship with the other
sock right we could be mismatching
smash so what do you think is the
hardest part of maintaining a healthy
relationship it's all about honesty
honesty I was gonna say communication oh
I wasn't finished oh sorry
that was gonna be the next word out of
my mouth honesty in communication you
got to be honest and you got to talk to
each other so like people who tell each
other everything are more likely I'd say
to have a healthy relationship I been my
boyfriend for 18 years and we have a 12
year old together
he's never proposed he clams up at the
word marriage why well I can tell you
because I'm a guy and and I kind of
understand how all that works guys don't
really like commitment a lot of guys
don't like commitment and once a girl
starts talking about marriage it can be
if he doesn't want to be married you
can't force him to if you've been with
for 18 years you probably lived together
you got a kid together there's there's
no difference other than having a ring
on your finger really right there mom
wants me to get her daughter pregnant
what do I do
wrong run the other way sure if her mom
wants you to get her daughter pregnant
not a good situation there's something
wrong I don't I don't get it if her mom
wants you to get her pregnant run I
really need advice for friendzone if
you've made it to the friend zone if
you're currently in the friend zone it's
like a bottomless pit you'll never get
out the only chance you have is to tell
the girl how you feel and you either
risk gaining her her affection or you
lose her friendship
so it's risky do with it what you will
but once you're in the friend zone
you're pretty much stuck there I wanted
to break a question because these are
tough how do I break up with my
girlfriend without being harsh gonna be
harsh no matter what no matter what
there's just no other way around that
mm-hmm don't you dare do it over text
message no or email or over the phone
you get the cojones you get the cojones
and you talk to the girl in person okay
you're gonna talk to that girl okay
she's gonna get mad she's probably gonna
cry the chances are if you do it
face-to-face it won't be as worse yeah
if you're leaving her for another girl
don't tell her that yeah don't tell her
that and wait until wait for a couple
weeks to be seen in public with her
after because she's gonna flip out
she'll flip out and see what that girl
and she's gonna grab her by the hair and
throw down on the concrete and it's just
gonna be a mess take my advice
keep it on the DL for a while and be
real I hope I hope that we gave you guys
some good advice and I think that we
have a really good relationship we've we
have hardly ever ever ever fight never
we don't really argue we're open and
honest we have disagreements but we
don't yell or argue none that it's all
overrated we talk about things yeah if I
disagree on something or he disagrees we
just talk about it
it's a debate it's we debate it yeah hmm
usually I win ha ha ha
Branca had me watching Survivor man dude
that dude is crazy I know I could not
last five minutes in the jungle no I
probably last at least
a day I need the crops I was due we
should do challenge where we eat grubs
it's been a busy workday actually and I
didn't get to vlog a lot I apologize
thank you for all the questions on
Twitter me and Veronica had a lot of fun
answering we'll see you guys right back
here tomorrow
