alright guys what's up good morning
we're starting today down in the well my
little studio here we're doing a
Mother's Day photo for all the moms and
family with the kids and thankfully they
chose to keep the gray screen which I'm
not really fond of for this picture but
it's not my photo so we're gonna do a
little photo shoot this should be fun
that's all kids kids are tough and you
my friend hold the letter V what do you
think
alright so stand up here stand right
here actually I want you right here
right there perfect and you're gonna
hold this sign up for me right in front
of you with two hands there you go and
you can tilt it to the side a little bit
if you want like this like crooked a
little that'd be cool just a little like
that and you just gotta give me the
cutest little cute little smile that you
ever now that's what I'm talking about
he's a cute boy aren't you yeah
would you believe Kane's camera shot I
don't think only we've ever seen this
side he hates it I think it's the lights
matter if I'm afraid of these lights
look at that Livie you did great
high-five that's gonna be a great
picture Colin or Carson you did good too
buddy
you give me five Oh too slow
little stinker pictures are all done
they were they were great the pictures
that we took in the basement turned out
beautiful and the very special person
that's gonna get that Mother's Day
present is gonna be super super happy
right :
you guys did a really good job really
good job with your photos Kane needed a
little extra convincing to get him to
cooperate but he did he did good he
ended up letting me get his picture and
it's really cute we had to give him a
little chocolate incentive my mom's
having us over for a cookout so we're
gonna go hang out with my mom just
grandma Hughes yeah and see baby
Asher which is my sister Amanda's new
baby
Veronica still hasn't seen him yet so
make sure you give her a lot of Hell in
the comments where are we dude I want to
say I really like your hair like this
it's kind of wild right now but it was
right earlier it was right we might have
to do your hair like that
every single day what do you say do it
every day and we could eat hay down by
the bay we just may what do you say Utah
honey yeah josh is getting really tall
he's like a like a giant we're gonna win
this you're gonna dress Josh up for
Holly Jolly Green Giant I know it's
appropriate you're pretty tall mom's
cooking out but we're cooking her
because it's so windy Oh hamburgers and
sausages and hot dogs
what else we have an easier life
hey let's see your elbow oh hey look
ceiling well oh you guys want some
cantaloupe cantaloupe let's do it Karson
parts in the mirror gonna play football
you play down there alright you got it
you're got a boy you got it oh my god
I'm in the mill I didn't lose it I am
not any good at this game
you wanna piggyback ride to the car yeah
cute boy alright hop I'm not sure I'll
get you there we go there you go climb
up there
all right now climb on my back jump up
there you go
I gotcha how's that alright alright mom
and dad see you later thanks for dinner
and all the talking and stuff good times
let's go home oh you guys excited cuz
I'm driving thanks son
you ready to see my couch yes Oh laundry
laundry yeah there's lots to do when you
go home if you haven't been home all day
go home get the kids in bed and then we
have to do what we should have done
during the day right yeah like for me I
still haven't uploaded the video because
it my mom's internet is jacked oh and we
were over there
right when I finished editing so I gotta
add upload a video
while we're home got the kids in bed
Veronica found herself a nice little
spot on the couch she's sleepy we didn't
do a whole lot today but what we did do
is have a lot of fun with the families
you got to cherish those times because
they're few and far between so I think
we're gonna end the night with a little
relaxation probably a movie obviously by
myself and we'll see you guys right back
in his E tomorrow
