good morning this is fresh out of the
shower Gil no hair no hair stuff nothing
on my way to the ball field it's been
quite an eventful morning already I
guess thursday when the girls took the
boys to t-ball practice they left their
their ball bag with the bats in there
and the helmets and their gloves and
everything and bring his car and so I
had to wake up and go get it and now I
have to go meet them at the field
because we're running behind it's game
day first game I hope they do well all
right here we are calling me ready yeah
you're gonna hit a home run whoa yeah I
don't think that's possible in t-ball
but good luck you're just swinging I'm
ready we need some peanuts and cracker
jacks come on come on come on good job
Carson run past there you go all right
come back good job dude that was nice it
all right now listen for the next batter
hits a second okay all right you ready
look that way watch the batter call in
turn all right go go go go come on come
on come on run past gum
good job dude you gotta give the team
high five line up over there line it up
high fives everybody walk past several
good job boys you did good yeah yeah
awesome I mean got fruit snacks and
crackers in the juice box haha boys are
going with Nana have fun good job on
your game dudes I'm looking at you boy
I'll see you home a little while okay
the weather was cold rainy windy kids
are crying because they don't have jack
it's on all right so we're just relaxing
at home you know just doing our thing in
Veronica I guess is gonna go out to eat
without me what's the occasion why is it
it's mom's birthday it's mom's birthday
tell me and my sister and my mom are
taking her grandma also lunch mmm-hmm
maybe you know what I'll do I'll bet all
that Roman sitting at home bored as hell
too i'll just go hangout room he's
sleeping taking a nap it's what Brittany
said well have fun anyway have fun I'll
miss you I'll be right here waiting for
you we won't be gone long I really want
to try and go to a concert let's see if
we get a sitter and go to a concert you
guys want to go to a concert that's some
live music pick up a little drinky drink
maybe drink what do you think my sweet
new glasses dude it's a small way too
small these glasses are awesome dude
my glasses are oh it's been a pretty
eventful day we have to reshoot
yesterday's fanart Friday Rome dog is
gonna watch the boys for me while we go
to this concert and then we're coming
back here to work on some more smile
more stuff it's just gonna be a good
night at work all right we should bring
some drinks definitely i'm down to that
this is going to be bucking horse you so
you're gonna man up and do some Jack
Daniels I lost about Roman used to drink
jack with me every single time we drank
mom but his habits change and it's
unfortunate because I don't like to
drink really anything other than jack
anything I did almost stop it drink
whatever you went through Jack and then
you did Jin now you're on vodka and
orange juice Oh sky cycle through my
menstrual periods thanks all right don't
let the kids kill each other and I'll
see you back here 24 hours he's got it
off just stop at the gas station filled
up on gas and would you believe now I
want you to take a guess what did I get
did I get from the gas station
you guess that you're so right dude it
looks like it's going to be just you and
me you call that I figure we should do
something exciting because Romans
editing Veronica's sleeping someone's
got to do something exciting I mean why
not be me and the gladiators
so we're here at the filling out sony's
here we're excited we are excited cross
R is just about to go on and there's a
ton of people here a ton of you really
yeah they're about to go on their
Tooting their drums and right now
so you got to get inside it's about time
to raw freaking love you too chase I
love you haha good luck luck
cool three-drug guitar how are you dude
how are you ma'am dicey come out dude I
wouldn't miss it for the world for the
freaking world rock on the range dude
we're here for a reason tonight and that
is to vote for these guys to win for a
free card on rocky moraine and they are
totally capable more than capable dude I
want to see some magic high 55 yeah yeah
hard you good luck how do we write in
the front row dude the Sun we show of
course devil's eyes
inning
you see the table side
I'll do it all Chad himself just
personally made me the pic of the show
that's real talk dude that was
everything else
is what you do but there was no halfway
the show's awesome but now it's time for
me to go back there actually follow me
home you are yeah and all watching bones
in about 45 minutes I'll be back in the
smell more store mark my word actually
I'm like five or six long time because
we were on vacation dude you missed the
you missed the rotten milk alright guys
that's a wrap on the cross on her show
it was incredible junk car though that
is a pretty sweet car that is a benefit
this is the VIP parking spot that's
where you go to park when you when you
have like 22 inch chrome spinners and
stereo systems and all the that I
had got so I parked all the way over
here right back to Romans house and
everyone's just chillin every was just
chillin Brittany's relaxing Veronica's
found her spot dude I've been editing
all night this is like the best prank
guy will see those fingers for the
gluten yeah I got calluses nice I can't
wait to see it dude it's the best I'll
rack we literally just finished smashing
all the inventory in the smile more
store and it's quite possibly the latest
I've ever been here before going home to
something in the morning so we're gonna
carry the kids into the car and go home
and go to sleep that's just about all
that we can bring it today so we're
gonna wrap things up and we'll see all
you guys right back here tomorrow hey
don't forget smile more
