guys guys guys listen this freakin
weather look at it makes me want to put
toothpicks underneath my fingernails
seriously with all that aside it is
Friday it's fan art Friday and I saw a
lot of you guys are putting in your
submissions was just awesome I can't
wait to go through all that later and I
think we're gonna be doing it at Romans
house we have the work that we were
supposed to do yesterday we're gonna do
tonight so I might be spending the night
at Romans house and we'll do fan art
Friday over there maybe he'll hop in and
you know we'll critique some artwork
together
but right now I'm going to meet up with
him at a secret location it's top secret
I can't tell you I can't tell you the
Duke that we're meeting
I have an idea why don't we just fill
the oven with as much crap as we can and
then just eat it just watch it all your
kids would be like Oh eat it I'll eat it
we're not cooking it right Wow you are
absolutely I'm cutting you know I've
been told I'm one of the best pizza roll
cutters in Ohio
you believe me well that's cool yeah
it's pretty it's it's pretty big so
we're just not having people Roman was
kind enough to fix us hot wings and
they're so good I only ate like 400 you
ate some yeah where they all right
yeah they're good you know dude
it's just soggy they're like mostly fat
but if we bet they taste come through
Matthew that's what you get for Tyson
don't by Tyson it's I'm just kidding
it's delicious so we're gonna go
downstairs and build some shelves and
fold some shirts you get some
organization done on this beast
because we just said it we didn't get
nothing done yesterday
guys listen fan art Friday was a huge
success last week and we tried to do it
again this week last night
but it was it was kind of a disaster we
shot it downstairs in the basement after
we were done doing smile more stuff and
the heater was on so you couldn't really
hear us and we got towards the end of it
and then the camera stopped recording
because it has a maximum record time of
10 minutes and I finally was looking
through the footage today and it didn't
look good at all so here we are shooting
it again without further ado alright so
people are gonna send us beautiful
pieces of art of U of me for the channel
for Gilroy blogs right okay oh come on
don't I can't forget to mention the fact
that my good friend Roman Atwood is here
with us today to help critique your guys
artwork alright so yeah so the fans are
gonna send in artwork and they want us
to critique it and give us a given their
feedback right we're gonna start with my
good friend Aaron Weisberg he sent us he
sent me not you he's this really cool
picture of the walking dead theme it's a
walking dead theme picture with me
holding a gun and my good friend Daryl
he's got my back yeah that right there
well yeah well you got your body exactly
right yes I thought I looked a little
fat actually I think it should be
reversed though I think I would be a
little too scared of zombies and put
Daryl in front of me
Daryl should be in front of me that's it
I'm kind of a sissy I'm Aaron did a
great job good job Aaron good job
plan alright so Jackson lead she's sent
one in last week and this week he did a
really cool composite of me getting
owned so we've got Veronica pointing her
finger at the Gil because I got rotten
spoiled milk
poured all over my head dude I could
when I was watching that video I could
smell it through the screen
I think everyone's brutal and it was in
my mouth oh we will I know just the guy
great job Jackson thanks for the artwork
dude
Josh Josh you did a really good job with
the gladiators I like it it's cracking
me up get it it's cracking me out his
letters are cracking dude they're
cracking I'm soon crashing for a second
my energy per second the letters are
good
you look like kinda like Curious George
in that picture Gil Hawk and just the
humble look man use the humble youngest
just a humble little cartoon alright you
should've took some time and colored
this man I want to see this in color
like when I see the word gladiator I
don't expect to see such a little a
little petite boy city boy thanks dude
good job Josh thanks man this one's cool
this one's from Mark se I think he's
from Aruba because his tour name is Mark
Aruba mark drew a really cool sketch of
me with fantasy teeth oh you see the
fantasy teeth and this thing what's this
what do we have here you put a nice
little emphasis
my my trachea marble it's it's a little
like a it's like a turkey like I'm a
turkey just a ballsack I mean that's
what he was going for if it doesn't look
like it's just because he couldn't do it
this is the chin here the ball stuck
here both hang here with this guy
actually gave me lipstick too he I
really appreciate that
I really do good job buddy it's great
all right Michael actually this one came
in late last night and where it says
smile it just says smile which is
perfect but we couldn't figure out what
are the dots dude there boy was he shot
it there's no way that someone's that
accurate anyway that's cool whiteout
with gunshots and smile perfect he
actually shot the board and it was like
oh that kind of spells smile but and
then he painted smile this one I really
like and this is appropriate for me too
because I love Doritos more if I go to
the gas station chances are it's a
hundred percent guarantee that I pick up
bag Doritos what would you what would
you say my favorite Doritos are spicy
nacho probably is up there at the top
and then produce the classic that is
pretty good I mean that's what you
always boss spicy not sure it's kind of
a trick question because it doesn't
matter what bag of Doritos a pickup a
lot better
I love every single Doritos that they've
ever made except for the jacked ones
because they're too thick they're like
chewing on concrete concrete concrete
chips the flavor is good but they're
just too thick I don't know Namanga
good work dude this picture inspires me
to lose a little bit of weight I'll work
on that make sure that doesn't happen
all right this one didn't have a name on
it but I think it's really cool because
he drew out a badass gladiator helmet
it's pretty which kind of reminds me of
a Roman soldier huh let me ask you this
in a fight who do you think would win a
Gilroy gladiator or a Roman soldier
where they're from yeah that's a good
question for the comment section who
would win a gladiator or a Roman soldier
I think they're pretty much all Roman
soldiers they don't they're on the same
team same teams don't fight that's good
we all get along this is a smile more
families eaters hiking together I might
actually take that into illustrator and
refine that I know yeah well I think a
lot of them do it yeah last minute all
right all right next up is Preston
Preston sketched out a pretty basic
picture but he sketched out the picture
of me as I was almost puking after
getting home
I think you should have drew the rotten
curds falling down my face which I
didn't see and I know after I watch that
was the funny part I'm what I didn't
know that when I was taking my shirt off
I was like rubbing a rotten curds into
my parents I was a freakin nasty
good job Preston moving on Ryan this is
the good the good sketch that that I
showed you
Ryan art he took my profile picture and
I'm gonna assume that you didn't trace
it and I hope that you didn't because if
not you don't get as many points but he
did a really good job
I like this drawing he shaded it look at
look at the definition shade the shadow
might be a little overdone and that's
why Roman is a little confused to think
that it's a Hitler stache it is similar
it's a little wide to be a Hitler's
there it looks good either way
it isn't really this is how you shade
right here the definition of my
cheekbones dude I may not have sexy
cheekbones tell her tell me I'm mostly
bones that's what the problem is this
guy I kind of wanted to save him for
last but we're gonna go right in order
here Ryan masseter which he also did a
really cool speed drawing video which I
will put the link in my description so
you guys can watch it because it's
really good and I'm glad that he took
the time to do that so Ryan did a really
cool illustration of me again it's my
profile picture I mean what can you say
what
I think it's great we have one problem
well it's pretty much like maybe if he
maybe he just exported it that way you
know the blue eyes I would agree with
but the lipstick I'm not I'm not I can't
I'm not going there he wouldn't just put
your you know I think he was watching
the old challenge video where I had to
dress up in the dress she's trying to
make fun of me I think good job Ryan I
think it's great thanks for making me
feel feminine
hey we're all oh oh alright we're moving
on to mr. Ryan McLennan Ryan I don't
it's my profile picture again
but what's with the eyes dude why did
you choose to make my eyes look like I'm
you know what it is I think he wanted to
show you scary this is true I do look a
little dark it kind of looks like you've
been recording with thanks you guys when
I set up my pair bucks send me some
Visine so I so I can get rid of that
problem all right tanner another face
shot profile picture this guy did a
great job with the kill ha he
perfect it just goes Chryst and I love
when you guys draw the Adam's apple yeah
you go to my Instagram Matt chase yo
right you can see a video where I did a
close-up video of me bouncing my Adam's
apple
so funny so funny
it's so funny alright and that that's
actually it that's it that's your
favorite Friday
I don't listen now if we put every
single one that I got in here it would
be ridiculously long that that may have
been appropriate for today's because we
don't have much of a vlog today because
I was working on different stuff all day
yesterday
I was with you if you want to see if you
want to see what I was up to yesterday
go watch Romans vlog and and there I am
I'm there we were up really late last
night yeah so note to self don't film in
a basement with the furnace running
because you can't hear it and also don't
film the camera that only has a 10
minute record time otherwise freaking
retarded that's why we're using the big
reason the main camera for one channel
yeah enjoy that quality just take it
take a freeze-frame right now and zoom
in and see how many pixels you can count
ready
let's give them a Twitter freeze-frame
face freeze frame it is that's all I get
yeah make sure you tag I Roman Atwood
ass
you know Roy vlogs listen thanks for
hanging out with us on fan art freaking
Friday
boom we'll see you again next week and
make sure you give Roman a huge thanks
for helping us
he didn't have to alright guys that does
it for today make sure you come back
tomorrow the boys have a t-ball game the
first one in the season and we will see
you all right back here
