whoa
carwash day because I think we've made a
decision
we're leaving for the beach tomorrow ah
look at your dress here Superman huh Oh
echo you know what's about to happen huh
you know we're about the weed don't you
poor baby
oh poor baby boys are you ready what
we're going to the ocean right yeah
tomorrow yeah yeah yeah yeah - my god
what tomorrow morning early whoa
probably like four or five o'clock in
the morning Wow yeah we decided we're
going to leave tomorrow morning to get
to the beach because we just can't wait
I mean it looks nice out today it really
does and it is decent it's like 40
Friday is going to be 70 I figure we
leave and is going to be nice Lisey
you're going to go to the ocean with
Daddy right you gonna play your sandles
war you want a goes to the beach oh yeah
okay we're just in here kiddos eatin
some hot dogs and pickle anyway how is
it Liza a pickle
yo man you good with hot I was above
thought that room vacuum didn't realize
us yeah it feels all trolled and that
will give mommy the opportunity well she
could sound a long shift role I don't
know I don't know if you could really
hear that Caleb you had it on the middle
the microphone was on the middle part
really all the B it's alright though
it's good no I'm telling them it's good
it's good well look who showed up
hey this guy everyone say what up the
Zack is back again back at it again Zack
he came in the Millville livestream
ended with you what you saw then but
Zack we missed you let him know guys I
gotta go
alright sorry it's actually he's gotta
go
alright that all right no it's cool we
got to get ready for vacation we're
getting ready for the change
what were you doing how about that you
were you pulling blog up yeah
and sitting here andamans Duncan a lot
of the way to get follow the dog hair I
use this vacuum first and he just walked
up with the blog camera
Oh Oh what happened I don't know what
life is this is this thing and hey Liza
where are you gonna go oh nice hat
I'm going in as hell oh yeah but hey
that might actually save me mom because
I can go upstairs and throw all the
laundry in the suitcase and be benefit
well as long as it's clean it is clean
it's all enduring oh it is it's little
laundry clothes laundry all right
all of my laundry is clean and all of
the beds are washed so we'll come home
the nice clean sheets clean bedding and
we're live out of a suitcase
oh I just finished packing everything
I'm gonna take right and whoo I think so
much stuff like my goal is to make
awesome videos right while we're there
and try to enjoy some family time but
this this whole half of the Jeep monkey
here I mean I just have my camera bag my
drone my GoPro and my monitor and then
my tripod but that stuff takes up a lot
he
but we are pretty much ready to go we're
making us so that we literally wake up
in the morning get the kids in the car
and take off so uh-oh can't forget my
waterproof flashlight current plan is
1153 and we are specially for four
o'clock I'm pretty tired but also very
ready to leave are you guys ready to go
to the beach yeah yeah our spring
vacation is just about to begin we will
be on the road for a very very long time
cross your fingers for us I don't know
how long today's video is but just match
that thumbs up button if you're ready
for some Beach vlogs I know we're all
ready to get the heck out of here so my
friend Zack is where we're going to
leave you for today thank you so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here
