what's up my little gladiators would you
believe I've already been to work I just
spent four and a half hours at work
almost five hours I'm home now
Mr Attwood popsicles bro
I thought you're gonna pull out these
popsicles so we got the new green
wristbands oh and we need to get the
picture up in the product on the website
so that you guys can order the crap out
of them
and make us run around like crazy people
trying to order more because we ran out
because you guys so awesome just like
that the pictures are done oh I'm so
good at what I do
that it takes me literally seconds
you're getting paid by the hour I feel
bad for you maybe I should start sucking
I mean maybe I should start taking my
time people get paid by the hour don't
work that fast so you know you might get
paid by the hour
yeah exactly I gotta eat Pete what do
you want to eat chili whitecastle
chucky cheese so what are we doing we're
getting shelving and stuff for the store
right mm-hmm
we're already told my viewers dude today
I'm sorry but it's all about small more
stores we got to you know they want
daily vlogs
so you guys want daily vlogs and this is
what we do so we got it we got to take
you along with us that's how it is oh I
have a confession I actually haven't
even edited yesterday's vlog yet so
we're gonna go get some supplies and
stuff and then go back to Romans I'm
gonna edit the vlog edit upload it and
we're gonna smash no more stuff that's
basically all we do lose your camera bro
I don't have it I don't have your camera
I really don't see Roman is such a good
friend you decided before we do anything
productive we're gonna do something
not heard of it yeah look in your pocket
right there that doesn't count
no my mistake p-nut remind you about
done now but you got a donor dude these
things are action packed with flavor
they look pretty amazing actually I wish
you guys could try them because dude do
yourself a favor stop what you're doing
go to Applebee's order the wonton tacos
and destroy it because they are good 200
really Hey oh it's a charcoal grill
that's why say it like that's a bad
thing dude charcoal dong can raise the
coals and world
holy crap can't buy
I love I I really love only cooking with
charcoal so that would be awesome yeah
but I mean you know what I like to do is
just use a gas but actually put charcoal
in it really yeah you still get a little
smoke it's the flavor the charcoal gives
it flavor
yeah did I feel like a and I'm working
the mind
alright now you you push me
keeping me at or keep it straight dude
this is how me and ramen shop for
supplies with Mama so we're trying to be
productive here you know and I'm tired I
think Roman got his driver's license in
a crackerjack box
it spins out of control finally we got
the ball compressing it's gonna go up
for you guys sorry it's so late but busy
busy man busy man
Broncos busy woman how was t-ball
practice cold cold muddy muddy awful
yeah so he goes the way it goes the
lights working
Oh can't shut unless I kill the Blues
all Schiller sometimes if you start in
here
the camera will just and then you can
kind of get real color as you back out
but it'll change back yeah
it's a nice fish tank that's for sure so
what's on the menu tonight ladies taco
bar like chocolate bars the tacos laughs
eat that those fajitas
yeah Mexicano if I hate this I like that
I'm digging the chicken dinner was
dinner was delicious thank you girls
yeah thanks good rockin any ready
Brittany - with your phone to take a
compliment
it was so good it was Brittany it was
better than the wonton tacos I didn't
look at that holy cow yeah that looks
good
can I have that yeah you think so I
guess this is a really special occasion
because Roman and Brittany invited us
all to join in on some board games we
have to wear these silly little
headbands I don't know what that's all
about
sorry who the weather huh yeah he's
gonna start shedding I think these are
like Scientology headbands yeah I can
feel the light everyone's got headbands
on how's mine look I don't figure Zoar
anything captain yeah I like
yours Veronica hot pink
yeah I do she wear that all night white
white Ranger White Ranger was a girl you
start guessing if you guess if she
guesses that she can put another one in
if she guesses it I you're acting this
out within the time limit keep going and
if you if she guesses it you put one of
your tokens in the bank and then I
figure out a nightmare for you okay okay
Chase has to guess or Chase has to act
out
what's your is act out I can't talk no
no you can't talk at all okay start the
timer you can only act cheater so bad
that's the power of the guilt did it go
the power of the Gil okay
why didn't need to you saw the boxer
some time swimmer weighted dice yeah I
did oh yes building shelves yeah
everybody know you're gonna be
productive today you want to build these
shells throw up right now you want to
play games or build shelves that we can
build shelves all night I want I'm
really mad we get building shows we're
not gonna build the show this whole
place because Friday we have like a
whole box of merchandise well building
tomorrow a whole truck of Merville
building tomorrow we're gonna build
shelves tomorrow look at you dude I got
Jeff is repping the smile more like you
should Sarah you got a new shirt yeah
hmm
smile more thumbnail here we go I was
telling them today they you Warriors in
public
yeah two different people came up yeah I
didn't even mention that why was that
work today I was wearing a smile
my shirt and two different people was
like do you know Roman Atwood I'm like
no I've never met him before in my life
I got this at a thrift shop yeah that's
well at least we know you're not
pregnant that car ride made me I'm rain
fall asleep the whole way home
freaking drone I know you guys like how
the boys fall asleep in their car seats
all those calling them I'm gonna do the
dead thing guys it's quite late and
we're gonna go to bed but I want to
leave you with a question today if you
could have the perfect dream job what
would it be and why mine is making
videos I'm done working nine to five I'm
done Slavin I'm making videos I'm gonna
exercise my creative mind and put it out
there for all you guys to comment on and
hate and love or whatever so that's what
I want to do what do you want to do what
do you want to do I would be a horse
trainer a horse trainer yeah ride horses
show horses you know have a little horse
farm okay all right well there you have
it yeah all right guys that's a wrap on
today we're going to bed we'll see you
right back
tomorrow
