hi good morning guys I'm on my way to
meet up at the old man we're gonna do
some more windows today Amanda she
usually does all the work almost work
with my dad and she's out she just had a
baby so I need to come out here and help
a sister out you know the man I don't
feel good doing it hey it's a win-win I
could use the money
and she needs that help so that's what
we're gonna do I'm not gonna really show
you guys a whole lot of luck where we do
windows because believe it or not this
business is kind of competitive there's
so many other window cleaners out there
that are just foaming at the mouth to
take in business and they'll undercut
you with a quickness say like say like
we do a spot for five bucks and it only
takes five minutes someone else just to
get the job they'll come in say oh I'll
do that for three bucks really really so
I'm heading to spot number two I'm
thirsty man I need some just something
to keep me going let's see we got here I
really like teeth I like snapples and I
won't do that
it's an apple win Snapple Apple here got
off the phone with Dennis and Dennis is
flying in town tomorrow we're gonna film
an epic video well hope it's that be you
hope everybody is epic but if you really
never know look who I ran into little
Dallas for job what's this
we've got a job oh man doesn't love
Oakley babe
hang on you know where I'm going for
lunch every day so as I'm out cruising
the streets
I left Veronica in charge of uploading
video and it obviously is uploaded cuz
my phone is blowing even Roman Atwood
himself texted me and said bro you got
owned which is fine congratulations
Veronica you owned the Gil
what is the team effort you know what I
mean it's a team effort to be this
awesome
before I'm done for the day watch me own
these windows
dang it the last one that I needed to
get on this side of town is closed that
means I'll have to come all the way back
up here for just one little stop I'm
gonna try and get home before Veronica
goes to work I want to give her a high
five for for being awesome I got to tell
you guys this this isn't really a bad
job I I used to do this every day I used
to wash windows for my dad and the thing
of it is like I hate I absolutely hate
doing this in the winter and you can
imagine if it's like below zero and
you're dipping your ends in a cold
bucket of water it's a little tough and
I hate the cold I absolutely hate the
pole
but other than that it's not bad being
out in the summertime when it's nice and
hot you're just cruising got the windows
down radio up jamming washing windows
you work at your own pace it's not bad
look who I found at Nana's Carson I spit
it out son I hate to go I don't want to
get stung by a bee
you won't get stung by a bee why why do
you think you'll get stung by bees okay
well that's wicked watch that bro back
to wicked autumn and it's delicious
thanks for inviting me for dinner Nana
she don't want to be on camera so I'm
not even gonna point it at her
I couldn't just blur her face we could
do the fifth base what's with girls and
always thinking that they're out of
shape or whatever they're all beautiful
they're all they all look the way
they're meant to right Carson yeah yeah
Carson are you trying to eat the dog no
I didn't think you were tricks boy is
good chicken look at my place I got a
special plate this is the plate that I
get every time I come here it's my
favorite
really that's funny
look Veronica's plate there's little
baby foxes
they're just plan like you guys play Oh
No
all right tell Nana thanks for dinner
call and tell Phil Nana thanks for
dinner here thanks for dinner Namath it
was delicious but you enjoyed it
what do you see I know look at that
what gonna go keep my boots on what you
crazy boy Oh Maxima crazy ooh there's
one oh sweet
look at the sky up here that looks
wicked literally turn my back for five
minutes and look who I found Kirsten I'm
off to carry the Sacre taters upstairs
you gonna help me all right till the
gladiators good night Carson says good
night - it was really fun to see all you
guys reactions to how Veronica owned me
and I'm going to admit she owned me it
wasn't fake that was 100% real I had no
idea it's so cool that we can do these
things to each other and and we're still
it's I don't get mad I do not get mad
yesterday when she did that to me
my brain was fried from having that
happen I mean imagine the most
disgusting thing ever it was poured on
your head you just kind of like you shut
down I had so much fun editing that
video because it just made me laugh over
and over as a matter of fact I've
watched that part of the vlog at least
four or five different times today
that's not it either
this is just getting started I'm gonna
take I'm gonna take Veronica to the next
level pranking and I think Veronica's
gonna get it that's for sure don't you
worry about that
and I'll win you guys back over in no
time at all I have a really funny idea
that I think you guys will love tomorrow
we're going to film a prank in
Cincinnati with Roman and Denis and I
need to get this edited tonight because
we leave early in the morning and I
won't have very much time look forward
to more pranks in the future and
remember stay positive guys we're gonna
see all you right back here tomorrow
