all right guys we're coming at you late
today it's been a really crappy day huh
yeah rainy mm-hmm ain't nobody want to
do nothing I was actually working on a
new intro which you guys probably
already saw because I'll have it done by
tonight yeah so when this video goes up
what do you think of the new intro we're
all here in the kitchen because we're
gonna make breakfast for dinner we're
gonna make pancakes bacon and eggs yeah
I'm gonna show you guys how to make the
bomb.com pancakes seriously nice fluffy
delicious pancakes you don't use that
just add water crap you gotta use bliss
quick we'll get to that to make pancakes
you always we always use Bisquick we're
fixing pancakes eggs and bacon hey Dad
that's right all right it's two cups
this mix a cup of milk into eggs I'll be
right so we got two scoops of the mix me
two eggs
good night two eggs in a cup of milk
yeah
all right Veronica's gonna attempt to
crack the eggs one-handed this is
challenging
Wow that's he mutilated their burn up
being crass okay stir it up real nice
you over mix it
there's a flat on you yeah get your
stirone keeps turn stir faster
keep going stir faster here's a little
secret that I've learned is if you put a
tablespoon of sugar in with your mix it
helps get the pancakes really fluffy
that's a tablespoon not a teaspoon
ascertain if you want fluffy pancakes
you have to set your batter aside for a
bit mix it and let it sit for a minute
probably about five minutes you'll start
to see it bubble a little bit that is
when it's perfect I cook my bacon in the
microwave it's the only way for me and
this little tray you hang the bacon on
it and it drips the grease off you've
seen it before a little bit more farther
apart like this one edge really what
bacon I love bacon bacon bacon bacon
bacon I love bacon bacon bacon bacon I
love bacon bacon way to later okay
daddy I want to turn it okay okay okay
okay
you can turn it up push eight eight zero
zero start hey hey men spatula fight oh
yeah
oh all right we're ready let's get it
yes Veronica's the only one who tries to
have to do Mickey Mouse pancakes
what you just made what the little ears
that Alex that and I flip this thing
over you'll see it be able to it'll rise
right up like getting pumped full air
yeah yeah I was like it's like bull
thing up yeah watch it it'll keep going
it's a pancake on steroids let my tiny
bit regular pancake really that sup
floorpan okay I really like putting
fresh blueberries in pancakes too you
can pretty much fill pancake batter with
anything you want chocolate chips you
could put you put like nuts in them
pecans banana chunks banana pecan I mean
I'm a pancake you have in every case oh
yeah that that's how you make gilroy
breakfast for dinner I got a good work
with my dad and unfortunately if you
remember the last couple of logs back
when I was working with my dad we went
to an office that I can summon I have to
go back there tonight and so I'm going
to leave the camera with Veronica and if
the next clip is me that means she
didn't film anything ha ha never that
thumbs up Oh Veronica's gonna create a
Twitter account too right yeah yeah so
you guys can talk to her all right love
you gotta go have fun
so yeah so we just gotta pop the thing
so we're gonna put some patties in his
mouth and then swallow them and then but
he doesn't joke is my real life Pig
they gotta roll the dice whatever color
it lands on pick up one of these patties
and has a number on it
lemons to get started
cool three that's a little bit awesome
whoa let me get to pick any color hmm
four Oh yellow three I got two threes
that's the lamest number and all the
whole entire world it's written
okay I just want a secret broad and I
want cereal right mom's YUM I'll see you
all guys - oh it's beddy-bye time my mr.
Carson oh yeah all right guys so I'm
getting chase he's getting it this is
the most disgusting thing I could ever
think of it is truly spoiled milk and
I'm going to rig it in this oh my god I
can feel it already
oh my god that's gonna be bad worse than
barf spray
I got to get it ready he is on his way
home from helping his dad all right
oh my gosh I'm not gonna be able to hold
it Oh oh my god that is so horrible
Oh oh yes okay so it's all kind of one
big jump to my joint
Oh oh my gosh okay I'll tell you I rig
something up and it smells absolutely
horrible Oh Dallas oh my god hold on
very happen to know and I'll hold it any
good just waiting on chase to get back
now I have everything set up
I just put old old milk like it was
mainly all the water or the liquid part
it's about to go down
Oh oh my god tell me that's not what I
think it is what do you think it is I
can't even smell right you should not
move dude ha ha no eat steak oh my god
what do you think it is
hahaha
oh gosh
forgot you how's that how's that honey
well he's in there gagging oh nasty are
you kidding me shit yeah oh my god are
you mad money
and fix in my mouth you'll survive me
some freaking mouthwash I need some
mouthwash that barb spray was pretty bad
though I don't think it's as bad as that
milk
I don't ice melted ice melted and
there's a man downstairs we have to
clean up fucking fucked up oh shit
I'll be at the bar I'll call you hey do
me a favor and you pick up those big
chunks of curds of milk just squish it
between your fingers tell me how that
feels
okay okay then bye bye now dude I don't
have words that's all I'm gonna say I
don't have any words for what you're
slapping here how did I first of all how
did I not see that cuz I just watch us
trve you'd the footage anak and I saw
how it went down hmm how did I not see
that bullet hit some smoke thing dude
I'm not even joking
that shit was in my mouth that's why I
couldn't move
I seriously stood there I never wanted
to stand up after I got it on me
I stayed hunched do I stay down just
over like this the whole time I didn't
want it to drip off my head into my
mouth further I can't even I can't even
think right now I'm so like what the
hell just happened that's gonna be just
about it for today
that's it what we're gonna get this
cleaned up and go to bed and tomorrow's
a new day she may or may not get the
worst thing that she's ever had coming
to her thanks for hanging out stay
positive and we'll see you guys right
back here tomorrow
you
