good morning people it's early I'm up
and out we got to go see the baby the
baby was born well it's not too early
it's uh it's like 12 o'clock she had the
baby at 11:24 and last night we were
placing bets as far as who who would get
the closer time and I said 11:15 so I
knew it was gonna happen
I knew it we got a new baby here we are
back at the hospital Amanda's got my new
nephew I can't wait to meet him I even
brought her some Taco Bell I don't know
she can have Taco Bell but she was
complaining that she wanted food so I'm
bringing it to her my sister had a baby
yeah the boy yeah
whatever do now there's no door handles
there's no door handles it's like the
twilight zone is there door handles we
need a door handle all right it's with
great pleasure that I introduce you guys
it's a little baby Asher hi I'm seeing
how we doing my name's Asher - pleasure
to meet you
everything fresh out of the oven but
don't mind that on that but some
deodorant on some time he's cute man I
know you guys are saying you said it for
the last one all the babies don't really
look cute they look like a big pile
flash but these babies are cute don't
lie to yourself
look at that bananas over mommy yep I
was delivery but listen I guess I told
you guys in the car I guess that the
baby would be born at 11:15 yeah baby
was born at 11:25 24.4 started pushing
at 11:17 and had another 1124 that's
good roxtor
she basically was there he was he's cute
man with strawberry blonde hair yeah
it's weird you guys well you're closer
to that hair color than you are yeah it
never fails to amaze me how small
newborn babies are going to come out
there just so pliable you know their
bones aren't solid they're just a little
tiny yeah I got I got a bounce little
baby girl
oh you're welcome you did such a good
job I'm a rock star you just you just
let it all come out this is the same
girl who was working she worked
yesterday right
you worked yesterday Friday no she
worked Friday morning had the baby on
Sunday morning and then I'm working
Monday
you're not working well enjoy your time
with them it's made for what else can
you say beautiful just beautiful job
would you believe that I found my way
out with absolutely no problems this
time I'm getting to be a pro at this
hospital
I can't believe both both the girls had
their babies here it's awesome
he looks good now I'm going home to meet
up with Veronica and the boys they're at
Domino Dale's for a birthday party looks
like I got here just in time just look
at this crazy ramen guys are gonna work
soon have a good time
save lives you guys missed out yeah
Amanda's got a brand-new cute little
baby so we're gonna go home
tomorrow's Monday Colin's got school I
gotta get them bathed and ready for bed
just doing a dad thing doing the dad
thing do the dad dad how hard we can
squeeze Carson's lips together and make
him look like a fish all right let's go
bath time bath time kids gotta have a
bath Colin has face paint on him from a
little Dale's birthday party look at
your face dude you got stuff all over
your face what was it supposed to be it
was something oh okay but that's about
it for today guys before we go I want to
try something I want to try a new video
idea and you guys can help me out by
telling me in the comments what is
something that absolutely drives you
crazy like a pet peeve something that
somebody does it just drives you nuts
like for instance like picking your nose
while driving or when you go to grab a
box of cereal and there's nothing left
in it so the person before you left you
and
empty boxes cereal that gets under my
skin it could be your brother your
sister your mom or dad your wife or your
girlfriend what is something that
someone does that just gets under your
skin let me know in the comments below
and I'll let you in on what what all
that is for at a later time so that's
all I got for you today guys it's good
to see you stay positive and we'll see
you right back here tomorrow
