yuria hospital time sorry guys this is
gonna be a really really really short
vlog today I was almost gonna take the
day off because we have family matters
family family matters a lot but I wanted
to show you guys around this pretty
sweet hospital room this is a labor and
delivery room Jake are you ready for
this yeah you got the easy part I
remember being in your position and I
was like it sucks that I have to stay up
all night but I'll be there for the baby
when she actually she's being induced
Amanda is being induced which means her
water hasn't broken naturally yet and so
they give her a special medicine that
speeds along the process of popping out
babies so this is all the gear that
they're using to monitor the baby's
heartbeat I think you would call that an
EKG machine heartbeat monitor
just wrapped around her belly like
ultrasound things freaky if you listen
really carefully you didn't hear the
heartbeat oh yeah this one no not that
one oh boy here these are big giant
concert hall lights they're gonna light
up the nether regions they're gonna
light them up check this out it's a
pretty bright lights on I guess they
really want to see everything that's
like a search and rescue life and
deep-sea diving to catch that baby this
is where the baby comes right after he
comes out it's like a warmer they hook
him up they measure his heart rate
through here this is like a heat lamp
they had the same kind of thing at
Wendy's you know when they pulled the
fries out of the fryer and you know that
keeps the fries hot well just keeps the
small fry hot it's a little fry that
comes out of Amanda and they're gonna
weigh em and somewhere around here
there's ink they're gonna like damp his
foot and eat and then they don't do that
tonight
good for you good for you every they're
talking about circumcision so every man
should be circumcised definitely yes
when a man has a certain when a baby boy
has a circumcision they pretty much wrap
a ring about first of all first of all
parents please be advised this is adult
content that we're about to divulge so
cover the kids ears because
circumcisions are not for kids but
anyway so they put a ring around the tip
and then oh yeah
just cut it off and then it heals
perfectly shaped mushroom it is but it's
hidden them and has the opportunity to
grow other bacteria so this monitor
right here is measuring her contractions
every time it goes up that's a
contraction if you don't know what a
contraction that means her belly is
squeezing all muscles all the way around
they're squeezing and the baby's inside
going please stop it
that's why his heart rate goes up and
then eventually he's had enough and
comes climbing out of the bottom
and here is I just wish it just happen
like oh I'm pregnant and then like BAM
there's a baby and I that's every
woman's wet dream is to just snap it
does not happen that way you came
prepared dude this guy's seriously good
prepared enough I came up three pieces
I'm done though he reaches in his book
bag and he's got a ziploc bag full of
pizza that's fall for two status of the
baby is is Amanda is not far along at
all they just gave her medicine to help
speed things up but she's still quite a
few hours away from actually having a
baby
it's 1217 you have a little bit of work
to do listen here's here's the brother
landmine
just lay there that's perfect
get some rest before the snows them you
need all the energy you got you're gonna
do great
you're gonna do great Amanda good luck
I love you love you see in the morning
dad's in this room I left him in this
room there he is
the searing skill
his hair at all no she didn't have him
the baby we were just hanging out
they're just they're just in there she's
trying to she's trying to push the baby
out but it won't work all right guys I'm
leaving this hospital he's late
my dad's gonna take himself back to the
room he's gonna be back there for the
delivery but on the other side of course
obviously hey I'll see you tomorrow
later later good luck in there fraid of
elevators gonna swore I was on level
three and I just got off on level three
and had no idea where that guy was
I think I'm lost
this looks a little more familiar I hope
she has them soon because by the time I
come up here tomorrow I want to see a
new baby I knew right
it's crazy my little baby sister is
having a kid that just means I'm getting
old in Seoul
home at last no one else is here
so I kind of just kind of stuck going to
sleep it's 2 o'clock
actually I've been staying up late
lately I got to get up early so that I
can get back up to the hospital I'm a
I'm just gonna have that maybe tonight
in a few hours I thought I'd give you
guys at least something rather than
nothing
thanks for following me 240k next is 50
and then a hundred thousand we can do it
we can really do it that would be pretty
sick
hundred thousand hey guys let's wrap
things up for today and listen I want
you to turn off this I want you to turn
off your computer screen go outside and
do something positive today do something
really positive all right we'll see you
guys right back here tomorrow
