what up daddy aters I gotta tell you man
today kind of sucks look at the weather
it's all rainy yesterday was a lot of
fun I got Veronica with this malli hola
nasty barb stuff
as you saw she handled it pretty well
Veronica is already over at Ramona Brits
working on smile more workers
she actually has to work tonight so I
don't really foresee a retaliation today
it's just going to be kind of a hangout
day Ready Set attack oh the lazy kind of
day got the video edited all done it's
up enjoy it that one was fun to make I'm
being attacked by this little zombie
look at this pile of flesh over here in
the corner Carson you ready whoa wrong
dog none enjoy your lunch where you go
there I'll good healthy healthy stuff
and I'm helping nice hey enjoy San
Francisco San Diego knock them dead
we'll see you in two days yeah uh how
are you feeling from yesterday's prank
shenanigans I'm feeling fine still
disgusting have fun save lives hope I
even survive tonight oh look someone out
of bed lifts or do CPR my hope is that
you don't have to bathe anyone every
time you go to work I worry about who's
stuff you have to touch I'm slot yeah
well because veronica has gone to work
I'm going to do a little bit of work
myself
and get some stuff done around the house
I always like to make sure that because
she goes to work and it's hard for her
to work overnight so I like to make sure
that I keep things nice and tight around
the house whole got to get some supplies
now we're going to the dollar store so
while I'm getting things cleaned up
around here I just tweeted out that I
wanted you guys to send me your fan art
and every single person that sends me
some artwork tonight we're gonna go
through and I'm going to show every i'm
going to show every single one of them
in the vlog tonight which is really cool
i think for you guys because I want to I
we just hit forty thousand subscribers
can you believe it so I think that's a
really cool way to just show it show you
guys that I just I appreciate you i
appreciate you every single day for
watching these videos for hanging out
with me and the kids and veronica and
for showing us your support i love it
it's awesome and thank you so much so
while you guys are getting to work on
your artwork i'm gonna get everything
cleaned up and we're going to hook back
up here a little bit boom i got
everything all cleaned up so soon as it
hits 12 o'clock we're going to do the
fan art and i'm really excited to see
what you guys are coming up with i saw
quite a few tweets so far with you guys
as pictures are so funny it's awesome
that you guys are taking the time to do
that but we're going to give you a
little more time so that we can get
everyone a chance that wants to get in
on this so I'm going to catch up on for
since I fell asleep the other night
watching it and challenged some Pringles
and you know let's do this i'm really
excited to get to this you guys send in
a lot of pictures and first of all thank
you and this is kind of a chill day I
just kind of wanted to look back and
reflect on the things that I've done the
vlogging and the shooting and editing
it's been so much fun and look at us now
we're at 40,000 subscribers let's give
her a round of applause round of
applause everybody
that's awesome so with that said let's
get to the fan art and I want to start
doing this every Friday because I think
it's cool I think it gives you guys a
chance to feel a little more integrated
with Gilroy vlogs so let's start off
with the first one I have this one this
one comes from or lakeil joy at orla
killjoy a really cool little pencil
drawing you see the little gladiators
with the Alonsa dude that that's cool
she did it with pencil first you can
tell and then trace it with pen I like
it good job orla all right next up is at
slender Scott this is a really basic
basic outline of me does my hair really
look that pointing all the time no no it
just looks looks really pointy I like it
though good work all right this one's
really cool at Danny Lauder 97 he just
basically did a couple little sketches
really cool things I like about this is
he did the canon camera which is the
camera used for the vlogs but obviously
knows that I love Doritos good on you
mate thats awesome gilroy gladiators
smile more I mean you can't that's just
awesome oh this one's really cute aah
cut cut 94 nice really nice i like how
you took my picture and then just
smeared crap all over it gave me horns
and boogers and kiss on the lips flower
in my ear and I'm be mine up haha very
funny dude thank you alright this one's
from at Frank 91 91 91 a really cool
little sketch of a gladiator guy with a
dagger holding up a Gilroy gladiator
flag and this is a 12th sub you claim to
be the 12th subscriber is that real is
that accurate love the videos Frank
all this one's cool at Amy Carol x.x she
did a really cool gilroy gladiators team
gilroy with my picture you guys are
using my profile picture which is really
cool if I say it wrong I'm sorry Jackson
Lake Lake he colored a really cool this
was done actually I don't remember
putting this up but you somehow found it
there's an illustration of me holding my
camera out and he got it right on that's
pretty cool man all right a cool little
drawing from mr. NBA fan 7 he did a
little quick drawing of my face and he's
got all the shading in real nice that's
cool gilroy vlogs hey gladiators I love
it I love it and up next we got mark
Boehner 9 mark Boehner Dru a cool little
guy with the whip man it's a trademark
we got a trademark this guilt hawk
because it's everywhere everyone your
drawings has it in there I like it all
this one's really cool this one's from
Zach at Zach RM he did he put the
picture in there which you did a nice
little filter effect on that like it but
the picture where I was the Easter Bunny
was hugging me and I looked super scared
mm-hmm that's awesome dude hashtag
gladiator for life love it 40k Boop all
right this one's from Act gilroy vlog
fan he did a quick little sketch of me
like this with the hashtag Ohio shirt
love that shirt and you put the hashtag
ccg for life team chase your blog fan
all right and last the last one I got
for you it's not really a drawing but
it's still a picture at Marco nessam toe
Jacinto sorry dude he took a really cool
montage for photo montage of wind call
smell my finger I can't I can't even
take that part myself Collins reaction
to smell my finger was priceless I could
not stop laughing after I shot that was
so funny if I've missed any of you I'm
noticing some some of the images aren't
showing up on my iPad and I know there
was a couple more on my laptop so if I
missed you I'll put up your picture at
the end and let that's about it that's
all I got for you guys on this friday
it's late it's really late I stayed up
to at least two or three in the morning
working on this and I'm glad that you
guys sent in your stuff thanks again
we're gonna see you guys right back here
tomorrow
you
