good morning gladiators all right listen
today's gonna be an epic fun day because
it's time to end this prank week the big
fat bang as you know Veronica tried to
ambush me with the paintball gun
yesterday and I promised that if she was
gonna pull out that gun on me then I
would do something absolutely wretched
to her now yesterday you saw I picked up
the barf you the nasty smell spray nasty
disgusting this and I just got off the
phone with Roman heading to Roman's
right now
we're gonna have an ambush of our own
Rome and I are gonna go to the costume
shop to pick up some supplies for a
little video we're gonna shoot tomorrow
you find some you like awesome smells
funky in here man
mmm I think needs cleaned ah I think
that's gonna be the theme for today's
funky smelling things only one Oh what
you doing I'm feeling like some costume
shops your Hannigan's gonna whip if you
were girls this would be so easy
Shh I know too bad I don't have a
girlish figure
oh wait I'm gonna fold leave here bro
yeah so we just need to get Jesus all I
need is long hair I'll look just like
all right Syd what you need what's up
I'm Alex Mandel nice to meet you you
think Roman would you cut it out dude
cut it out that was funny right cut it
out oh well he's well he's figuring shit
out I think I'm just gonna sit back here
and choke the chicken if you're not I'm
saying
but from a distance though short
distances sure yeah
if not we can always just be cool hold
on I don't know why but I've grown
really fond of this guy in short time
that we've known each other
just a minute being like choking
chickens it's all there is to it I'm
holding him by this just walking around
my chicken I'll dude that's Roman helmet
hair my little sweet longer bra
click perfect resemblance it's so funny
right beside the costume shop is this
Metro Fitness we're talking about
working out Roman when I wasn't asked
this guy he could what's secret I think
we should just go get some Dairy Queen
or something hotdog skirt wearing out
nope sure not you got it covered
Roman you still hurt bro are you still
sore yeah just walk it off man walk it
off
just walk it off bro what if I just put
it in a squirt gun squirter with it
you're safe yeah I think what we're
gonna do is we're gonna take a super
soaker fill it with the liquid and we'll
deliver the payload that way
I'm down with that today's impulse buy
at the store is going to be the crush
soda because I love orange soda and you
can't skip out on an extra-large candy
bar for 99 cents I put up today's video
and it has the clip of me getting that
bar fume spray and I haven't pranked
Veronica yet but luckily her phone is
dead so she can't check out video uh-huh
hmm and she's going to a place with no
service so even if she wanted to check
if she couldn't before buh yeah
real talk so we're gonna leave right now
from the place we sit right now with
Cheetos and Roma can and then go prank
Rhonda I'm ready to do this you want to
come smell this stuff no I don't smell
it
come on the smell is that it's outside
all right let me very difficult to pour
this little bottle into there into
there's the seal dude have you explained
to him what this is yeah this is
supposed to smell like barf I've never
smelled it yet
Oh bro you can smell it from here dude
smell it up close so I can't that you
can oh it's so just destructive nobody
should have to go through this so Chase
has this brilliant idea to wreck his
relationship these B's pouring fart bomb
puke spray into the sport John oh my
gosh dude that's the whole bottle oh
your poor wife poor why and I think just
just for safe measure I'm gonna have to
fill it with water so we know that it
squirts I think it's pretty safe to say
that you're the best husband on the
planet okay dude effecting leaks in your
car coming after it oh look even's you
started running ha oh my god how you
gonna pump it did I would put that and I
like up it needs a ziploc bag / oh man
nobody deserves that good all right dude
wish me luck good luck I'm gonna end
this week with a bang huh let's kill
rust ow goal style yeah yeah all right
here we go wish me luck guys this this
could be the end of my marriage I might
be looking for another place to live so
I make sure bedroom okay here's the deal
Veronica went to my brother Josh's to
see the baby Veronica hates any
thing that smells she is gonna puke I
guarantee I'm gonna pull it out when the
time is right and I'm gonna I don't know
if I'm gonna soak her but I'm at least
gonna spray it twice with it it's it's
worse than getting sprayed with a skunk
I guarantee it look at that oh man
that's awesome dude
Colin and Carson got their uniforms for
t-ball hey daddy what come outside and
wife sighs don't you got oh what was
that oh you're doing cartwheels Oh
always doing somersaults that's pretty
wild dude check in on the little baby
wouldn't it be great if that's all you
had to do in life was just lay there and
sleep and drink bottles sleep some more
do these things were so cool I used to
have one of these things
thanks dude for dinner
josh Josh ordered us pizza from the
local pizza shop man
you can't get enough of pizza that Maura
effort tried to take that piece he
straight-up tried to steal your pizza
bro you did where's the pepperonis mom
tells Peter thumb on should ordered
Kristi's you gonna hold him Carson oh
yeah oh that's cute
too heavy no baby we think everyone
saying buzz I guess we got to leave the
boys are the boys need go to bed it's
getting a little late and veronica has
to go to the store so she can get cereal
and mammal milk and eggs and stuff I had
to very carefully transfer the water gun
from my car to the Jeep because I needed
to take the kids home Veronica wanted to
go to the store this is a much better
scenario so I kind of really want kids
to be asleep before I do this so that
Veronica
she's gonna get mad so I don't want them
to see it
so they'll be asleep which they are
she's perfect and as soon as she comes
back from the grocery store I'm gonna
set up the cameras a GoPro in this one
and it's on its own
all right guys here it is the moment of
truth she's gonna be home any minute so
I'm gonna stand outside this back door
and wait here's my gun here's my little
gun come on baby
folding loaded this thing's like a
nuclear bomb it smells in the cup it
stinks so bad this is it this is all or
nothing prank week last chance here we
go
Oh what's wrong honey it's just water
baki state I mean it's not water water
oh my god what's it smell like hmm it
smells like shit Oh
do what is it are you gonna get sick Oh
oh my god hey guess what shower
it's barf barf Oh
I'm sorry sorry
you get now that's so funny dude I just
pranked mommy smell my finger
be honest were you actually about to
puke did you puke
yes I did for real like I have a weak
stomach already and then smelling barf
like it it honestly smelled like warm
vomit well it's called barfing
would you recommend it to your friends
is it good good
I doubt that'll be cut out that'll be on
the Shelf at Macy's barf you this our
new line of perfume the barf you I'm
glad you're taking this so I thought you
were gonna kick me out actually I never
know what to expect
let's sit down we're gonna sit down and
watch a movie we're gonna sit down and
watch a movie and I'm gonna let her
forget me so you just wait oh all right
that's a wrap for today so we're gonna
see you guys right back here tomorrow
