one of my favorite meals ever pretty
much is Chipotle I love Chipotle can't
get enough can't get enough chips sour
cream Chipotle you know we do the
chicken the salsa corn cheese you know
that kind of stuff
brought it going out to lunch with her
girlfriends right yeah she went out to
lunch with her girlfriends and brought
me back the second half and I had to
inspect it very carefully because who
knows if she put something in it it was
rough you guys I don't I don't usually
work out I made it made me realize that
maybe I should maybe I should use this
summer to start getting into better
shape because I am not in any kind of
shape at all yesterday killed me my legs
are sore my shoulders are sore my back
is sore and my ego is really bruised
well before I go hang out with Roman I'm
out today I need to go make a car
payment so I can keep my Jeep and a
couple days late which I'm sure you guys
can relate to um so hopefully they don't
charge me usually if you're late on the
car payment they charge you a ridiculous
late fee so I'm trying to avoid that but
I don't think I'll be able to make that
this time
now that's taken care of I'm going to in
honor of prank week
I'm going to stop at our mall there's a
Spencer's in here and Spencer's usually
has really cool stuff in the way of like
gags and little prank things so I'm
gonna see what they got maybe maybe you
can get some inspiration for a way to
really hammer on bran cut today my
battery died so I had to go home and get
a new battery but before I did that I
stopped at waterbeds
Spencer's didn't have anything that I
needed and and so I went to waterbeds
and I found this really nasty barf spray
it's like a barf smell so sometime
tonight I'm going to sabotage something
of veronica's and make her just she's
going to puke she hates anything that
stinks so this is really gonna make a
curb vomit and as fast as I can I'm
trying to meet up with Roman Roman and I
are going to go up to the guy that built
his aquarium is a saltwater tank we're
gonna go up to his farm and see what
he's got
tell me be honest on a scale of one to
dead meat how do you feel today
I can't climbed on me earlier he stepped
on my thigh I almost threw him through
the ceiling I couldn't even handle it
I'll tell you what just to walk normal
is is a very very difficult task you
said it best walking in the gas station
here's how many people back there
thought we were just anal buddies but
pirates dude yeah we both walking like
we had a long night a Roman brought me
to this place is called reef systems
reef systems it's coral farm and I gotta
tell you dude this place is freakin
amazing this is I want to show you guys
how everything starts
this is the same dude that built Romans
fish tank they the awesome
saltwater tank and just check out some
of this stuff man
it's cool
with that little clown look at this this
actually go something there's a pump
that's the same shit look how fluffy it
is I absolutely love that all right
laughter so watch this this is why it's
called pulsating Larry applause
no I'll just shut you see that you get
them fed lunch oh yeah so here check
this off so this clam this is seven
years old and this is how big it was
when I got it
so there's the shell right there Wow
it just keeps opening it's that big ever
sometimes you'll see more definition
button mom do these clams are sick I get
one of those thing I'm wonderful
okay awesome yeah they scrape a lot of
coral and algae off the rocks but small
ones like this we're okay those are
those are pretty sweet there 4dv if you
get poked by them and you're allergic
you're going to the hospital so where
are you holding he's not gonna poke me
just grab and hold me you might be I
don't know if he's got a hold of me yet
what are there some that poked you and
some that don't
oh yeah a lot of them are aren't
venomous and then lucky just crawled
away
takes up a lot of damn space is a
buoyant is he floating no we just say
guys thanks for something yeah there's
there's actually two of them in here and
they actually they released a bunch of
eggs recently this is indeed a refund
all these tanks are filled with all
sorts hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
of different types of corals clams one
of my favorites was this this urgent on
here the spiky guy was really really
cool and all of these are really small
pieces that will eventually grow into
something bigger like but this tank in
here these are all fully grown while
they're still growing
really awesome
I think one of my all-time favorites is
the brain brain corals yeah
I don't know they're all awesome the
flowy was
big fish real big fish
I also like let's see these guys over
here that are real wavy hey buddy
check out this clan this clam is over
eight years old we just got done Tango's
me like look at that way bigger than
mine
this thing has a pipe coming out of the
hole you can see down in it kind of nice
no that's taste for I really appreciate
this Chaucer's Darwin yeah it's a
hermaphrodite that's right for real I
drew that I'm gonna of it I got talent
how do you expect us to ride a bike on
that thing sure how it works I use the
bike and well as a family carpet it's
kind of tricky this actually would hurt
you doing this yeah you never seen one
of these mom never oh my god Wow
like an accident waiting to happen
forever you case do not reach over and
grab that oh yeah yeah how are you
supposed to stop so obviously you can do
that or you can do this obviously what
are you used to this how many times have
you went all cousin twice maybe but you
just like not paying attention for a
second it's not very wide range I
haven't written it in a year I do write
over the winter but um if you go for so
you might see my foot if you push like
that you'll go right off so you just try
to be cold and then every time you look
away or look up it becomes a little
stressful grab grab the grab it from the
wall just see feel how much you can pull
I'm running out of breath just pull a
little bit so you can't pull very much
of that thing's gonna come down I went
to the shop and did it first time the
guy freaked out
really yeah hell I'm an athlete you
trying to let go you need more speed yes
he's be gonna help speed when I'm shift
you want to shift up a little bit more
there's too much no no how you feeling
it
hold on hold on it's just weird that it
feels like a snowboard nice oh I think
it was oh you're making a little hard
always hard oh you try Roundhouse
Oh oh my god
sure yeah well just keep the front real
straight that's the magic I sure the
front wheel straight that's it I gotta
say that was really fun I never really
saw how much actually goes into
maintaining a saltwater tank and they're
absolutely beautiful they are quite
expensive but it's worth there's so many
cool different like corals and fish and
I want
I'm going to have one obviously I'm back
in my car we we had to meet up to ride
together up to the up to the reef
systems so we're both on our way now to
Romans house the girls are making dinner
from what I hear it sounds super
delicious we'll let will let you guys
see that once we get that we're gonna
get chase you're in yes I'm gonna get
chase I just gave you a camera here yeah
thanks bringing light you and Roman for
let me use your camera you're out how do
you even been the nozzle or something we
don't even know how to work this thing
Chase is on his way here to Brittany and
Romans I am going to get him chase knows
that I don't have a camera so he's not
going to be expecting it at all and
Brittany found one of romans old cameras
and I'm going to use this paintball gun
and we're going to get chase it's going
to be pretty funny and it'll be that
much more funny because his muscles are
all sore from working out yesterday
being a big crybaby about it so hit the
bait balls hit him it's gonna hurt that
much worse comes Roman
you seize Veronica's got me cornered
with the paintball gun I think I think
I'm just gonna have to make a run for it
I'm gonna make a run for it make a run
but they are I can't run let's just bank
on the fact that Veronica is an awful
awful aim all right here we go here we
go
fail fail no more pranks why I'm done
you can't be done you pulled off the
paintball gun and I promise that if you
pulled out the paintball gun
you're gonna get something wretched I've
never hit you with it
room going in the bed didn't break uh
she tried she failed
that means Gilroy is gonna win you have
to say chase Gilroy is the king you know
then that means it's not over this is
like Christmas time for Roman he's got
his new presents florals them under the
tree you enjoy that you blog that room
and I'll vlog dinner you take her that
side of the house
all right good oh that's this little
okay you got it
bronchus trimming the fat trim that fat
girl like a pro see Veronica's a true
true loyal wife she's making dinner even
after she tried to bombard me with
paintballs yeah I'm getting dinner I'm
getting dinner oh I'm getting dinner
it's not my fault that you failed you
have to go to the shooting range what
are you making exactly coming it's a
flaky ranch yeah chicken so what do we
have here that's the mixture of the corn
points Parmesan cheese and rant dry
ranch dressing Beckett Oh
corn flakes ranch parmesan okay Veronica
despises touching and raw chicken she
does it gotta feed in my family that's
right it's for the good of the clan
that's a proper crust oh dude what do
look what this was over there transact
don't you dare do it
soos don't you do it juice don't you do
it
juice oh we did this with the barbecue
chicken shake shake makes all the same
you got to roll it and some sort of
butter or sauce and crust it Britney I'm
going to need another pan though
ah 3:54 probably my five minutes in
about 30 minutes
okay great there it is yeah ranch
crusted chicken that's a meal fit for a
king
King Gilroy see I should have been doing
yesterday instead of working out
Veronica's still extremely sore from
yesterday it's getting worse
her number one concern when she goes
home is how am I gonna get these kids
upstairs
Broncos going home first I'm gonna stay
here and help fill some smile orders we
started orders at 9:30 and we just
finished eleven thirteen so bow to our
that's a record that wasn't bad we did
what a hundred we're about a hundred and
ten I'm saying orders in an hour about
two hours
this I'm you kicked you out of my home
eyeing us a record a lot of you guys
ordered today and you're gonna get your
stuff maybe within the next couple days
easy dude alright peeps we're gonna wrap
this up for today I just got home
Broncos asleep on the couch
she looks so precious I can't possibly
mess with her I think this is a good
time to call it a night I'm completely
sore I can barely walk this sucks
we'll see all you guys right back here
tomorrow
