I'm gonna start my date today good
morning guys I'm gonna start my date
today with a photo shoot we got Roman
here three shooting more products for
the store be excited we got we got some
really cool sex toys coming in kids
everything we're here is amazing
you don't see nothing you just cease
Kindle and so how do you guys handle
when your friends are doing selfies like
there's different kinds of people to do
selfies
there's the quiet undercover undercover
selfie where they're down here
shooting on their lap you know and then
there's the flamboyant selfie where they
don't care who's watch and they're just
selfie selfie extravagant I think I had
a good photo there I think that's the
one good good yeah we're about to do
something that I haven't done for quite
a long long long time which is we're
gonna work out we're going to a gym to
workout I don't know what kind of
workout we're gonna do but I guarantee
I'm gonna be breathing heavy by the time
it's over oh stop it
yo yo wrong good
ones last time you did something like
this never
when do you think the next time will be
you do something like this
that's me never haha I'm assuming you're
going because you lost a little wager
maybe that's what good relationships are
about man you know doing what each other
like
it's all about man I got it that's why
I'm here with wrong otherwise I probably
wouldn't be going here yeah true that
this is we're going to a place where
Brittany works out all the time
and I'm not sure it's gonna be like
Muscle Beach lifting weights I think
we're pretty much just gonna be like
lifting at the end of our Beach
well it's gonna be my speech so what do
you do exactly
now I've never been in his closet
singing class
but it's not like weightlifting it's
kind of like waiting car yeah I'm
guessing there's an instructor you stare
at the instructor and you do everything
the instructors doing I wish I could be
an instructor for it so let's just make
this a video to battle the instructors
you go up and like contradict everything
these structures says I know about
blanks all right I know about playing
for Johnny right Johnny planks here
teach a little bit about planes
I know planks oh that ain't no flank
right there see you tomorrow are you
ready to sweat do Browns gonna puke wait
my room this is gonna officially be a
competition yes yes
I'll tell you one thing I don't know
about ever have to endure something
better first idea my life I cannot feel
my legs whatsoever and that's not an
understatement oversee look how you're
walking dude oh thanks
I cannot walk right my legs are up after
really ridiculously hard workout there's
no better way to power up the subway
these guys may be fresh that's right and
Jared looks damn good also one that's
really good for you I always get the
selfless stick and cheese in my favorite
salvos taking cheese lettuce tomato
pickle banana pepper Southwest sauce
what do you get
not that frito thing here
all the enchilada oh you don't have the
enchilada how was your subway delicious
I destroyed my subway with a quickness
and it's pretty much time to relax
aka fall asleep okay go upstairs and die
are you why are you feeling you say you
got energy mine my brain feels good my
body feels bad but overall it was a good
night man
yeah yeah it's really good guys do again
next week I don't think I don't think I
really want to ever do that again I'd be
I'd be up to like lifting weights and
running right roaming out of that place
halfway Brittany you can do it the hell
if I am you did it I could do one
alright so is this the deal you you went
to work out with her so now she has to
videotape board games to baby sweet well
good luck with that
alright dude have fun see you tomorrow
come on she's heavier than the weights I
was lifting you can do it push hard
woman it was only like 5 pounds oh you
big sissy you can do it Oh Oh Carson I'm
gonna sit down now on the couch and it
I have to continue editing yesterday's
video and I apologize that I haven't got
it up yet I know there are people
everyone's hitting me up on Twitter
where's the vlog where's the vlog I
missed your vlog I'm so first of all I'm
happy that you guys are always eager to
watch my videos which is awesome and
secondly I apologize I've been really
just hanging out with Roman for most of
the day and we wouldn't worked out and
we've got a lot of stuff done in in
regards to the smile more store and we
were just I don't know hanging out we
were just hanging out
so now I'm gonna sit down and finish
editing the vlog from yesterday because
it's really funny the goal was to get
that to just pour all over her but that
obviously didn't happen and I'm
disappointed I'm really disappointed and
then she tries to Vaseline the door
handle after sending me out for Wendy's
you were supposed to go yeah so that I
could reap rank you I'm not going to
sleep yet this isn't the end of the vlog
alright I was kidding that is that is
the end of the video so I'm dead I'm I'm
dead the worst workout I've ever had
why'd you drag me into that ranca so
tired she came and talked
my body feel a jello yeah for sure all
right guys it's time for rest I'll see
you guys right back here tomorrow
