you
and that's how a tire goes on what's up
guys welcome to the day we're in the
shop putting on new tires for the beach
we needed them this how bad the old
tires were look how much tread left on
me then ain't no good at all no good at
all and then you got some big old meaty
knobs here I don't know if you've ever
wondered but I've always looked at these
guys putting these things on this
machine this is how you top balance
that's higher you have to figure out the
measurements of the rim seven and a half
we're going to get into our dimension
put that 7.5 the 16 inch rim ready to go
let's spin steel wait for steel rims and
aluminum wait for an aluminum rim need a
1 gram for the one how do you know where
to put it it's going to read so if I
come off
rotate the tire down rotate it back up
and it will be put it at the top and hit
the brake now I'm going to Center myself
up right here put your 1 gram weight
right there and turn on to hit my
fingers this is it sit it around
stop it on the beat but it still do it
why are there two different sides it's
reading this side of the ramrod one for
the alpha okay sorry about pictures
that's it huh pretty interesting and so
since we have the tires off a lot of you
guys actually noticed the last time I
recorded my dashboard
you saw that brake light on and the
reason that the brake light is on is
because I don't know if you can see down
in there but the brake pad is very bad
this side doesn't look so bad you can
see that brake pads got a little bit
more pad left to it so we're going to
have to change the brake pads and
looking for me these are all disc brakes
and I know how to do that pretty well me
and Scott did the other day on his juice
so we got a little bit more work to do
before she's ready to hit the road but
new tires is definitely needed all right
I'm coming to a tool section because I
have to get a seat clamp this is a very
important tool when you're changing
brakes on a car because when you get the
brake pads out the caliper piston inside
it it is kind of like fully extended so
you need something like that to press it
back in I'm excited you guys look the
Sun is out partly cloudy today feel like
the sadness and the oppressive nature of
winter is finally Oh seriously though
guys I'm going to be 100% honest with
you right now I really feel like I
haven't been 100% myself for for a while
I'm always a very positive and happy
person but for whatever reason like the
weather I feel like and I have actually
done a little bit of research and
seasonal depression is a real thing if
you
live in a region like me where in the
winter time it's always gray and cloudy
and everything around you is dead and
and you feel just like you just feel bad
it's it's a real thing there's nothing
wrong with you no matter what there's
always light at the end of the tunnel so
don't feel like I'm always going to be
stuck this way I honestly felt really
like the past few weeks like is there
something wrong with me like I was
really concerned no matter what's
keeping you down just hang in there and
keep your head up because there is
always always light and being the tunnel
and the light here back home and I got
Carson who's going to help me it's first
time ever helping me fix a break we've
actually never done a break job on the G
Villa yeah still warm I got to do an oil
change but I don't think I can do it and
to cool it down a little bit okay all
right so we need this tire wrench but we
got a jack up the jeep you want to jack
it up push push with all your might
good you make sure it stays all the way
in there yeah did ya man's work
no joysticks or button presses the brake
pads as I showed you earlier but I
didn't show Carson see those brake pads
right there that metal part what it's
supposed to have probably a half-inch
more of something on there that's where
the brakes actually stop the car but
it's all gone like it's all gone so
since I'm changing my brakes I want you
guys take a look at your car and make
sure that your brakes are good this is
what stops you from going fast okay and
if you can't stop what happens okay
we got the tire off now we need to take
off the caliper there's two bolts one
here and one on the bottom usually you
just have to take off these two bolts
and then the caliper can slide off and
then we have access to our brake pads
here's how I was going work whoa boom
there's our caliper holding it really in
there Wow look how much brake pad was
left see right there how it's a
different color well right below that
there's some should be some bolts nuts
and bolts something
Nexen but man that was that was bad all
that stuff let's hope we're missing cool
I have some brake lubricant so you're
supposed to put this in these little
troughs right here to help your brake
glide and stop easy you will not feel
like feels like toothpaste the flaw at
this
and there's our new brake shoes check
that out here's the tricky part a lot of
people don't really realize but when
your brakes get so bad this big piston
right here look it's almost all the way
out this this could be all the way down
here right so we have to take now and
press this with a clamp back in so we've
got room to put this over the freshly
new iPad or brake pads there's some
stuff like it's alright
take an old brake pad well what
keep going oh yeah so we're pushing
fluid back into the reservoir right now
nice and slow
until we've got enough space put this
back on we've got clear it yeah okay
that's one three two go
yes this stuff is actually pretty simple
you can pay a garage to do your brakes
for you for anywhere probably between
120 to 200 dollars
I'm high-end or you can do yourself so
simple you just got to get dirty and
that's kind of what I like doing this
one and you put your tire back on you
got to put it on in a star pattern so if
you start right here
you want to skip this one and then
tighten that one and then skip this one
and then tighten now on skip that one in
the tighten that one so you're always
going across you're skipping one four of
four let's see how long this last one
take me I've gotten pretty good at
done well always gotta test it let's see
see what happens we stopped everyone
busy day getting everything ready this
in that and I'm taking this little guy
to the church for drum practice tonight
the day we come back from the beach
or that Sunday we'll get back Saturday
that Sunday he will be playing in the
church services so he won't be here for
the full rehearsal so they've kind of
wanted to go over everything again and
just practice with him again on the
stage and playing along with them things
all that good stuff bye bye mine Colin
listen mind your teacher hi guys my
name's Quigley and I love Liza she's my
favorite my favorite kid in the whole
wide world
just look at my fists when fist bumping
this Bob Sayles Bob chef Bob
I hate now I did haha math shows up and
starts playing video games with the kids
that's epic I look mad you're cute dude
you are I love how calling you I didn't
have to go you do video yeah yeah you
want to be here
look at that baby line I found your baby
okay yeah I thought that's what you said
the little kids oh I'm sorry
on me here let's just put it in the
video right now check us out
ah that is special dude you know I was
thinking earlier today about that
because we have to that we have to leave
Saturday from the beach to get home by
Sunday morning so Colin can play and
then I was kind of looking towards the
future and feeling like when I see him
up on stage actually doing her and doing
his first performance um from how I
could potentially become a little bit
maybe emotional it'll be his first like
playing in front of well besides yeah
not at you yeah
extra live crowd it's gonna be really
cool to see the kids like start to
finally capture some accomplishment
that's that's a big I think that's a big
deal
make sure you guys using some plausible
motivation in the comments and I'll let
him know anything and on the whole bully
thing which is doing good by the way we
showed him some of the comments of all
the positive things you guys said and he
just loved it so you guys we do let them
see we let them see some of the comments
so when you guys push cause it totally
go it's just the feels you get the feels
you know what I mean you guys are
awesome like we just love you shout out
to all of you guys okay okay
the speaker because it's super loud
wicked loud that thing and Eliza comes
out with an armful of frigging so what
are you doing Liza what are you doing
with this in just here right now just
them they're going near the fish your
mom that's it I'm putting it on you I'm
putting it on you I wouldn't on you she
just kind of math and she kept staying
right high and that does something wrong
with your eyes she says they hurt your
eye sleepy she says yeah I'm ready for
say
my question here who is excited to go to
the beach me let's a go to beach Wow
yeah I love you for watching
yeah yeah can't wait to see all of them
