person I are taking care of a bunch of
different errands that we got to do we
got to do errands it's big-boy stuff
it's Monday work week begins
so Carson no have school on Mondays
that's right not Saturdays either look
person this is what this is what good
boys get when they're at the bank too
bad you can't have fun I'm just kidding
you have a watermelon you want a blue
one
you're like them loans isn't a cotton
candy cotton candy um right there cotton
candy okay candy yeah playing the
freakout game Carson not the freakout
game is just honk at random people see
this good
let's get this other car to come up
beside us
ready
just ain't paying no attention
he's really old he was really old he
probably didn't even hear it I didn't
get installed like a supercharged like
trucker Hawaiian on this thing all right
a trucker why maybe I'll call Tom mabe
get that trucker horn I'm a Louisville
Kentucky get that truck horn blow some
skirts off some old ladies 72 I've been
drinking it's before noon I can't even
believe my eyes it feels incredible
today I want to I want to be outside all
day long Veronica hasn't pranked me yet
sir either she's working on something
really big she don't have to work
tonight so today's the day it's the day
of today it's the day
the day not tomorrow because tomorrow's
tomorrow it's not today because today is
not tomorrow's today right so it should
be today
yeah yay mommy's awake Veronica she
works overnight so she sleeps for a
really good portion of the day it is
beautiful outside
it's almost 80 degrees so put on your
two-piece Keeney string bikini go
outside and enjoy that sunshine
beautiful I got to go do some work I
have some secret work to get done then I
can't bring you guys along with I
apologize but I'll be back in a little
while
I may leave the camera for Veronica pets
have long a little bit while she's away
and remind her it's prank week so she
needs to get her game on Veronica sorry
about the spot guys there's actually let
me let me tell you what the spot is
there's a scratch from the beach on the
lens of the camera so there's nothing I
can do about it I can't afford a new
camera yes so just just be patient with
it what do you say we go get some ice
cream some ice cream cones
yeah that is super duper duper duper
difficult I'm go get an ice cream cone
yes what's your favorite kind of ice
cream um now I am strawberry even oh I'm
strawberry that's your two favorite okay
it's time for Nilla and chocolate on top
of each other
chocolate on the bottom bill on top
normally it's a chocolate an L twist
they're twisted together oh yeah
chocolate vanilla twist you guys ready
yeah let's go
can I sail today 76 degrees we have laid
tomatoes this is gonna be so yummy guys
so yeah no chocolate man and choc twist
yeah
thank you
Hauser's Carson
look at those eyeballs how's that ice
cream cone good good
make sure you look around the bottom I
got a shredded chicken sandwich I have
any anything at all day we'll call me
showered let me say just got done with
flies frame and what was driving you
home again and we're heading for these
right now oh my dad's there hopefully
we're gonna ride the four wheelers and
it's gonna be epic epic guys I think I
tell ya we doin did you build sandcastle
yeah we need a push all done with the
job my little job my confidential job
I'm hungry so I'm stopping by to make
the good old McDonald's drive-through I
only need a double cheeseburger large
sweet tea dollar bought a bone she
hasn't been answering her phone so I
think she's up to something
it is prank week after all so I need to
be on guard what do you think she's
doing I came over here expecting to be
pranked and a see Roman and Britney and
hey
every one but I have some stuff money to
get done already here at the store yeah
all right glad here's you're coming with
me we're going back to my house we got
work to do all right since Veronica's
slacking I just got the perfect idea the
classic open she's going to open the
door and something's going to spill on
her however I don't really have anything
rigged up so I'm gonna have to make it
so here's my idea I'm gonna take some
shoe strings okay and cut holes in the
top of this cup right on both sides so
I'm gonna try and screw something into
the ceiling that this will hang from I'm
gonna fill the cup with some nasty
random stuff like how about some Tabasco
and tuna fish water I'm gonna put tuna
water in it Tabasco and some garlic
powder or something so it smells really
bad and then fill it with water let's go
call me prank MacGyver here's what we
got so the string is holding the cup
filled with a tuna Tabasco
nasty-smelling liquid and then this
string is going to hold it so that it
can't go any farther back when she opens
the door when she opens that door she's
gonna get it she's going to get it so I
have the GoPro angle from inside and
I'll have this vlog camera from the
outside this is going to be good I'm
ready
hahahahahahahaha I heard something that
walked in and then I'm seeing the GoPro
smell it
what is it smell it what is it is it
vinegar no it's tuna Tabasco water oh
that's disgusting
smells absolutely horrible damn it was
supposed to be all over you
I am glad it's not Oh smells bad well at
least I tried and failed smell really
bad who's trying to come up with like
what in this house do we have this
smells really bad
thank you gagging she's just like trying
it with gasoline you don't handle won't
be able to get in he's gonna have his
hands full of food and then he'll try to
come in and he won't his hands will just
slam around on the door handle let's
watch it once he pulls in the girls I'm
gonna sneak sneak out the front door
you
Oh
you did get it on you you reached for it
no I did not you did I seen you smell it
where were you
I felt once you pulled in I followed you
around I did yes I did
why everyone into camera baby yeah cuz I
got you and I put the GoPro right here
Oh got you alright kids it's bedtime
things are heating up on that prank
front for show for show
I think things are gonna start getting a
little more interesting now Veronica
doesn't have to work so that's it for
today we'll see you guys right back here
tomorrow
