I woke up and heard the boys downstairs
and what happened guys earthquake Easter
Bunny what'd he bring you he bring on us
he pokemon cards oh yeah Johnny bunny
chocolate water guns and starbursts it
evens we got a pokemon Corinne yeah I
got a red do that sweet good all kinds
of goodies in there look the Krabby
Patties Easter Bunny came to see the
boys we're gonna have actually cinnamon
rolls this is one of our holiday
favorites every holiday we try to have
sent minerals from breakfast and then
Veronica had to work last night so she
just got home just trying to get some
sleep and then we got to go to my
parents house and then everyone on
Bronchos family side is me not Roman and
Brittany so we're gonna get everything
ready I gotta shower and change and get
these guys ready and we're gonna go
Easter egg huntin twice all right
for every holiday we we always have a
ton of places to visit and this year
yeah ball candy yeah that's our you know
this year we're lucky enough to only
have to go to places and unfortunately
veronica has to work tonight which
really really really stinks so we have
to go to my parents house so we're gonna
do Easter Egg down over there and then
we're going to Roman tell us where the
rest of the family will be later on so
are you guys ready to get some Easter
egg hunt in action yeah that was you're
gonna be participating in that in that
egg no no I told everyone yesterday that
mom and dad put money in the egg so like
if you were like down on your luck and
needed money this is the perfect time to
participate in like a you serving time
you're good you pass on the grass here
today's not only Easter I wore this a
worthless shirt especially for for
today's occasion I just thought it fit
Easter is look looked pretty Easter II
to me it's the best part of getting
together for Easter all the food we got
so much food just destroy we're gonna go
get them everything and gravy baked
beans to sell that cake that looks like
pie lemon meringue pie and chocolate
cream pie that's gonna be good what are
you gonna have money you realize you
have some experience yeah you didn't
drink me yesterday
everyone everyone watching right here in
our little camera is really gonna be
disappointment when they find out that
my brand around time hopefully you have
something big planned I do do you find
out we probably won't see anything today
either because she has to work so it
might be really big all right this is
the route I went I went to pepper jack
cheese ham olives baked beans potato
salad and some kind of pasta salad this
is only round one we're gonna eat more
when we get to Romans house I can't wait
to see what we got over there fruits
veggies and ham cheese that's how you
stay so good-looking and you just eat
right right I need to try a little
harder Noma look at this awesomeness
here I made a cheese ball and Shaima
carrot it's cool and then check this out
a bunny shaped bread bowl that holds the
dip for the veggies in the begi dip
Bunny Easter bread bowl it's but here
that's creative as hell are you proud of
it Pinterest Pinterest course so we
haven't seen baby stylist since the
hospital and look at this little guy
he's really little look look in his head
compared to my fist
this should be my thumbnail and I'm
gonna title it punching babies is cute
dude it's me baby
welcome to the family guy you're wicked
awesome
second you're telling me that the Easter
Bunny came here to the concert peak
perfect peeps out here huh I got one too
I can have all the Easter candy this one
for me I'll share it all with you
look at those peeps young oh yeah man
sweet a fish now that's something right
there
my favorite candy in the whole world is
sweet as fish all right we gotta get
everything ready it's about time for the
Easter egg hunt
the girls are loading everything up we
got all kinds of eggs in here for the
kids to find some are filled with money
and some are filled with candy
some together Britney's on to the next
stop
well that's cute awesome I'm so happy
you brought that you have no idea that's
actually mine
it's another Easter egg hunt another
happy group of kids person you're gonna
get some yeah go go go gotta get all the
eggs go over here oh no no no slide yeah
here I'll help you
Collin filming but you're being in
Carson had a wreck on the four-wheeler
how's that pumpkin pie Barney good
they're really good well I already had a
piece of pumpkin pie I think I'm gonna
double up on some chocolate cake I took
care of food at mom and dad's but I'm
gonna take care of dessert right here
troubles out I don't care already I'll
take the whole thing the whole thing I
know look at me Skeletor look at this
thing mm-hmm
is huge look at that Carson that's huge
and it's delicious
hey Harrison what we got there are you
okay from Ricky Lee McCoy wheeler Carson
wrecked on the floor wheeler today he
flew right into front of Romans porch
didn't he I've control he couldn't steer
it and then he turned and night and then
he went onto the sidewalk and then he
like boom crashed into the porch I've
wanted to film this tank so many times
since you've been gone
oh it's weird on camera
but it looks like 20 bank yeah dude
everyone's asleep it's about time for me
I don't want to wear out my welcome so I
should probably get the hell out of here
dogs always welcome oh you you can't
even did your you know always dude yeah
Brittany's always straight-up with me
but you have a tendency to make me feel
good about myself you straight you're
the best at everything you do he's
amazing that's true
I'm super glad you're home bro you're
the only one that can I missed you a lot
while you're gone I missed you I missed
you I did man we had so much fun today
right guys we had Easter egg hunts and
we drove around on the four-wheelers and
we got to see the Easter Bunny that was
fun right so we're on our way home and
we just left Romans I want to show you
guys it's about 20 minutes to my house
and I want to show you guys how fast
they supposed to be asleep I guarantee
by the time we get back to my house even
though they're awake right now they're
gonna be asleep I told you sleeping
little bugs so the kids are in bed it's
about time for me to follow suit but I
think I'm gonna sit down and enjoy some
of the kids Easter candy and watch a
movie and just relax it's Easter it's
Easter man that's all I got today guys
we'll see you right back here tomorrow
