good morning guys back out again I'm
gonna meet up my dad today we're gonna
do some more work I wanted to say thank
you I got a couple submissions from you
guys for for an intro and I want to do
something cool a lot of it a lot of you
a lot of the fans are really talented
and I want to I want to find a way to
showcase your guys's talent because I
have the ability to do that and without
you guys I there's no purpose to me
doing these videos and it'll be my
special way to say thank you starting
soon I'm going to pick an intro and use
it then I'll give you guys special shout
outs in the descriptions so that other
people can find you I get to my mom's
I'm thirsty I want to get a drink and I
find this note in the fridge how
freaking hilarious is that yes that's
the humor of my family reowww you did
that thanks management she's coming for
you judge all right so we're about ready
to roll out we're gonna go we got a
couple houses to do I guess getting the
truck loaded up we need ladders this can
be a dangerous it's a potentially
dangerous job because if you fall off a
ladder
you're gonna get broke like really broke
are you pumped to have me today dad
don't worry about this hair dude this is
famous hairdo
that's the Gil that's the the Gil Hawk
yeah before we get started we got to eat
some food
these guys are champions back here and
talking about I get that double XL taco
so good this is really the no yeah I've
never been to a smaller house to wash
windows walk out back I don't care what
you say this house is tiny usually when
I go to houses the houses are like babe
this should be quick three high up there
see dad that's what I like to call a
ladder hog he saves all the ladder work
for himself I know I can climb up and
down that ladder Papa fast as you could
oh you want me to hold that you just
want me to put my foot under there
I don't think that's supposed to happen
we're just driving down the road and
we're here thump thump up I'm on the
roof and the ladder thing fell apart
scratch the roof alright we're at our
next job and unfortunately this is a
doctor's office and we are not allowed
to film inside patient privacy violation
we don't want to go pissing anyone off
before we leave we had to make sure we
get this ladder strap that's birthday
man that thing this part well this part
right here came right off and then the
ladder slid off onto the roof who's he
talking to
okay my dad has these special
honky-tonking hearing aids right so he's
got hearing aids he's got this little
box that he hangs from his neck that he
can talk through his phone with his
hearing aids smiled he's not wild
all right we're done we got time to go
get the boys to Easter stuff
oh really all right
Easter's tomorrow well today by the time
you're seeing this so I gotta go get
some supplies and this is what he got
mom for Easter for me
I'm just kidding he's got like a million
dogs oh come on we're walking down the
aisle and I passed these two girls that
were getting cards in the card aisle I
went past and then I doubled back and
went whoo scared him and she screamed
bloody murder and I wasn't filming that
is sweet
he's got a backup camera in the mirror
does that keep you from hitting little
kids when you're backing up from that no
it gives me better aim - oh I see that's
why you got the crosshairs there oh it's
fun hanging out here for a few minutes
but I gotta go get the kids
I'm gonna go get the kids and then I got
to get him home and I gotta get bathing
in bed so that the magical Easter Bunny
can come you know the Easter Bunny how's
your elbow I wish we could see the scar
I want to show everyone this Matt guitar
really hold please oh you guys this is a
very special treat be prepared to get
grossed out mom's gonna show you her
scar it probably looks like a gaping
vagina this kid come on we can do this I
like that one - be careful man that
don't hurt it's cute mom likes me to do
this because I'm Gentile
you're gentle I'm Gentile oh my gosh I'm
sticking oh I really like that see it
doesn't look bad I need some light we
need more light hold on that's nasty bro
I think that's my favorite one well now
that you mention it it does kind of look
like a vagina Oh God
looks like the side of a roast beef
sandwich with stitches stuff so I have a
vagina on my elbow confused Oh God
that's really gross all right wrap that
up thanks for showing I'm sure they
enjoyed that probably probably fourteen
thousand people were puking in their
toilets right now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that sunset the beautiful country sunset
today was a fun day I really enjoy
hanging out with my dad and helping him
wash windows
not because of the work and the money
but I really don't get to spend a lot of
time with my dad anymore he works a lot
and the car rides and we're gone in
between jobs we always talk a lot and
usually we talk about family and just
random stuff it's good time sit down
with your dad and just talk it's good
for you we do me a favor and start to
train yeah okay no high-speed
a pretty cool huh
there's a tornado no hey you guys ready
for the Easter Bunny to come tomorrow
yeah what'd you think what do you think
the Easter Bunny's gonna bring you
really yeah
Oh what is that oh man you guys look
what happened I fell asleep on the couch
for a few hours and somebody must have
shown up here every year I try to catch
the Easter Bunny and he slipped by me
once again man these boys are gonna be
really really excited in the morning
they're gonna love it I can't wait to
see their faces alright guys that's all
we got for you today happy Easter and
we'll see you right back here tomorrow
