all right it's time for me to leave
honey
oh good morning guys by the way good
morning I gotta go to work like I said
for my dad today so Veronica is going to
take another camera and she's going to
cover the boys are going to color Easter
eggs today because Easter is Sunday so
in case I don't get back in time well
Veronica is gonna cover the whole Easter
Egg thing ever at Brittany's in a while
look at that shirt team Gilroy that's
sweet that's the voice t-ball shirt mom
I'll see you later I love you all right
here we are out on the city ready to
make some dough I think before I start
because I need to look Marty McFly I
need to get my hair cut so we're gonna
do that real quick we'll get my hair cut
before I get started I need to eat some
food I'm gonna get buffalo wild white
boy hmm that's right supposed to go it
my favorite buffalo wild with sauce is
spicy garlic because it's good I don't
like too spicy but I like spicy and I
love dipping it in ranch Oh
I'm room I've tried I've tried to I've
tried to wash windows and film at the
same time but I can't because I need I
need almost I need a cameraman Sal
annoys the cameraman so I just met up
man is here
Lana's viewing windows and I wanted to
show you guys how we do this
these are already up so we're just going
to squeeze you it's really not that hard
you just get your squeegee on they're
just do it like one put on on some of
the hollow then to put the added touch
on your plan BAM wham should have done
free stuff went bam thank you ma'am
you know I made a massacre trying to
show off you don't do that you're not
supposed to do that man is going she's
done she's Audi 5000 by man to love you
go home but your feet up I can't believe
that she's pregnant out here
can't believe
just shows you the struggle that people
have to go through it's awful it's awful
that she's pregnant
I still cannot work well I guess that's
a wrap for today's window washing
business I guess now I'm heading to
Romans Brittany's to meet up with
Veronica
hopefully Veronica's been vlogging I
don't know what she's got yet so we'll
see we'll see
I just found out that Veronica didn't
vlog anything yet today which screwed up
my whole flow for today's video so guess
what that means prank Lee starts right
now I'm on my way to them to the dollar
store to get a bunch of silly string and
when I get there they're gonna start
coloring eggs I'm gonna set up the GoPro
because they think I'm gonna film them
coloring eggs which I will but I'm also
gonna film me bombarding the whole group
with silly string Mike do you have silly
string
momentarily okay if you did where would
it be all right where's there's a bingo
let's get a couple can I only have two
hands I don't know no expense three at a
time she's gonna get it you know I think
we might need some of those too
before I go inside I need to hide these
in my laptop bag so they don't see him
and right when the time is perfect and
pulled them bad boys out spray Veronica
down really good all right it's a
coloring time we got all these different
colors what is that supposed to be good
looks like it's like someone's got
Cheetos all over oh are you gonna right
now on it are you just drawing I want I
know what I'm doing do you want town
all right I can't wait to see what
happens how about you Colin what you go
hey you're supposed to draw your name on
it your name on there that's why ya
gotta wait your turn
perfect
Collins egg right there how about you
Carson what are you doing what are you
drawing on their face face that's cool
you can put your name on it yeah good
that came Zig right there yeah Wow good
job came I think we should just let them
paint all of them oh yeah yeah well
they're supposed to DIPA maintain that
oh my god what happened there Oh Bray's
I want to know for what reason and how
did it start that everyone started
coloring eggs what is then what is the
whole history behind Kirwin well that's
what you were huh Morris actually all
right that's what we already did an
easter egg my daddy
we never saw more than ever that's what
we always are my parents always for
plastic eggs with money I brought a
little oh yeah look at Cannes a holy cow
dude these good things about time for
some pretty sweet
today I'm really disappointed well now
it's time to take your benefits are ya
that's what you get for not vlogging for
me I'm sorry I was actually working all
day I was actually working all day - you
got it right that's awesome
silly string Eggman this party just got
a heck of a lot better I'll tell you
what I figured that'd be a good kickoff
- frankly yeah it starts now you're
getting it I hope I hope you got
something good oh my gosh this place is
trashed now it's all Veronica's fault
you know I've found in my experience
it's always better to ask for
forgiveness and in finishing heard that
before he's doing a wonderful job
cleaning this mess up still put your
koala graft you're supposed to pull all
day and he didn't block nothing and now
all the sudden you're gonna walk I was
working all day I was working hard all
day
all day we went shopping we went we went
just so many wonderful places oh we got
to go home let's see these eggs we got
colored we did some awesome colored eggs
this guy's got a little pubic hair on it
cube hair really yeah really is me okay
okay you look at it no you're okay we
got there that's cool you blot I'll make
the sound effect all right let's go home
I'm leaving bus is leaving let's go did
you enjoy your your silly string shower
oh yeah it's great you totally ruined
the whole flow of the way this video is
supposed to go I'm sorry we didn't start
the Easter eggs until you got there
which is ridiculous so that's it that's
kind of the rest of the day I think
today's vlog might be a little short I
ruined it
sorry guys because I didn't get the
clips that I was hoping for but it was
still really fun silly string the crap
out of you so that's it that's the
official start to prank week I think
much like a game of chess you're getting
it it's your move
all right guys the kids are in bed we
aren't far behind we'll see you guys
right back here tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow let's talk tomorrow
we'll see you tomorrow
