this is sad this is really sad man these
flowers were nice and pretty the other
day and then it snowed
back give you a little scare there
you get did you pee a little no okay you
see it dad you good all right all right
we're on our way to Brittany's we gotta
go to go get some more stuff done
Veronica's gonna fill more orders and
stuff and I'm gonna cut the grass yeah
yeah I'm gonna cut Romans grass I cut my
grass why can't I cut Romans do more
small orders heading out right now I
gotta take him into the post office you
know it's a big deal when we bring all
of our mail right here oh they love us
here they really love it all the
soldiers all the soldiers say thank you
oh you better veil thank you this is the
woman responsible for making sure you
guys get all your stuff you're
interested to see where I used to live
yeah work we're actually cruising we
just dropped off the orders and we're
cruising down the area where we used to
live where I used to live when I was
going to school Miller's work and I
guess I'll show ya
Roman arty showed you in his vlog no I
showed mine too you know I swear to god
he did there's a marina look I like
marina
this spot right here Weldon's ice cream
oh my god they have the best homemade
ice cream to make everything fresh right
there and it's delicious
oh that sound means I should probably my
co-host not seven was it nine ninth from
and you can live on eight in his house
is up that Street and then where I used
to live was right over here
keep going keep going keep going it's
right there can you see it can you guess
which one just one right here
that one right there yeah not my house
that little piece of crap right there
for sure how's my buddy Zack water used
to live and the homes lived there and I
think her name was Kelsey Rathbone lived
there on the corner and that's the sweet
corn festival over there at the end of
the summer we'll go up there we'll take
you guys up there the sweet corn
festival is pretty cool it's Miller's
porch like claim to fame the sweet corn
festival brings in tons of people and
they have all kinds of like boots and
games and rides and corn corn yeah like
the big thing is they have this giant
booth where all it's the only thing you
get is sweet corn and they have like
corn eating contests and all this it's
really good it's a really good corn yeah
they butter if we're ended they butter
it put butter follow my favorite food
corn corn on the cob
and just after out after you're done
eating at your life picking it out of
your teeth for an hour favors the flavor
oh that's three right here my buddy
Jonathan lived right there right there
no that was his grandma's house Oh
Britney you're still at home so I think
you're gonna have to change your shirt I
think I mean great minds think alike but
something's got to give here - it is
beautiful today I gotta tell ya
spring/summer my favorite time of year
as it is probably everyone else on the
planet it's just so nice out it feels
like people come alive you can be
outside you can enjoy the weather
people's attitudes are a hundred percent
better more positive
it's a good day to be Elsa I'm actually
looking forward to Milan grass
you probably can't hear me but this
guy's a beat let's get our mo on so it
turns out this little mowing adventure
has been a lot more than I had bargained
for we have a little catch-up to do guys
so I lost my camera as I'm mowing grass
I tried to grab my camera I'm like
because I wanted to vlog what was
happening it's really wet backed by the
woods right and I wanted I got the mower
stuck right the mower was stuck in the
mud and I wanted to vlog it right so I
go to reach for my camera I'm like crap
I can't find my camera so I thought I
left it in the Jeep
so that Veronica pulled the Jeep back to
pull the motor out the Jeep got stuck I
had to call Dale Domino Dale to pull the
Jeep out in the Xterra and I still
couldn't find my camera and I'm walking
the grounds I'm looking at I'm trying to
find the camera and wouldn't you believe
that the camera fell out of my pocket
and got stuck underneath here and it was
rubbing up against the pulleys that make
the blades ago so that let me go inside
I'm going to show you in the mirror what
the camera looks like now look at the
camera look at it it's all messed up
good thing this thing was all metal
otherwise it would've been trashed dude
this camera has been through everything
the back of it's broken now from this
all scratched up
so even though my camera got messed up
my phone actually even fell out of my
pocket and I felt something tugging on
my earphone and my earbuds it's like
what the heck is that and I looked down
and my phone was dangling down there too
so my phone was about to meet the same
fate as my camera and I'm really glad it
didn't think god this thing's really
tight this has been one heck oh I still
have some more tomorrow I still have
about an acre and a half tomorrow I
finally finished Moen it's 8 o'clock I
started at 3 so it took 5 hours for me
to know this yard but I did get stuck
twice so got a mower stuck a Jeep stuck
and that's about it
that's a Minecraft action what are you
doing whoa you're staying here
really well I can't say are you guys
gonna eat popcorn and watch movies and
stuff
okay that's fine what no I'm going home
cuz I gotta go home I gotta wash my hair
or something hey honey
did you see all the the people that have
made this this alfredo roll a bunch
people I'm just looking at my Twitter a
bunch of people made the alfredo roll
looks good
they're loving it they want more
Veronica voices more grounded vlogging
more Veronica cooking look right here
love your vlogs man but we need more
hash tag Veronica vlogs good show
Veronica needs to get a Twitter doesn't
she and an Instagram green screen
Colin's spending the night with Noah and
Carson's coming with us you're coming
with me dude yeah yeah that's right
Colin we're leaving dude I'm gone
I love you oh love you be good what is
that it's a co-ed goes that's the
Pokemon
all pokemon cards see and look at this
one I've seen that one on TV
dear that's awesome
are you a Pokemon fan holy cow
you got more cards and I got money but
tomorrow I have to go work with my dad
for the first time and a why my sister
and my brother Josh they both work for
my dad they do the window cleaning thing
and amanda is nine months pregnant and
josh and samantha they just had a baby
so my dad's crew is kind of short right
now and so he needs my help so I'm gonna
rock out some windows tomorrow $20 only
gave me five gallons of gas I'm gonna
boycott and start boycotting gasoline
someone please invent the water powered
engine that would save the planet maybe
here we are to ever our household we got
roomful kids in here what's going on
what's going on is there a party is this
a party family sleepover family
sleepover
what's the occasion you didn't you
didn't even invite me it's just Sunday
everyone stay until Sunday look we got a
roomful people here just this is where I
want to be let's break out the wicked
boys I'm the only one drinkin sorry as
usual Scott loves the Outer Banks so
much he reads up on can't miss the Outer
Banks yeah do you miss this we were that
we were there a week ago two weeks ago
two weeks holy cow I can't even take it
when we go back we're going back in
September when we go back I'm gonna get
even more sunburned than I did that one
day these guys are going to bed we
showed up way too late
Jimmy's drunk on kool-aid oh my god he's
high on line whoo man oh I thought we
were gonna party you guys are all crash
bill well I'm one of the bar you can get
the bar me Fiona you own the bar
wannabes yeah I drove separate I could
always drink and drive why not drink
drives best take chances that's a bad
example
these guys they look up to you I'm like
a roll mom by Lindsay we'll miss you
it's good to see you bye Scotty he's out
Jimmy all right really short and sweet I
forgot to close the vlog yesterday
Carson wasn't feeling very good so I had
to lay with him so he could fall asleep
and I fell asleep too so it's obviously
the next day and I gotta go to work so
I'm finishing up editing this vlog and
we'll get it to you as soon as possible
that's it for today I love you I'll see
you right back here tomorrow
