we're heading back to the smile Moore
store today because we got quite a bit
of stuff left to do and I got a little
Carson with me yeah my little Carson
yeah
we're gonna grab what you want some subs
we're gonna grab some subway before we
head over there we're gonna smash out
all the rest of these orders and get him
in the mail so you guys can get your
smile more stuff yeah yeah yeah let's
get some subs yeah let's do it
Carson got him a blue Powerade huh
you like Powerade right it's power eight
how worried we got our subs now let's
get to work
so one of the issues we have enough it
with this stupid printer is the toner
cartridges always they always tell you
that they're empty premature and it's
total BS because you can take off the
SOT there's like a I already put it back
in ansan show you you can take off the
side cap and turn this little dial again
and it sets it right back and you can
still get a ton of pages out of it it's
ridiculous oh it's a smile house
everyone smiles Carson smiles okay look
even the dog is smiling he's a smiler
this is the house that smiles built
really right tomorrow my house right
haha
I had to come upstairs and take care of
the kids oh and I'm not gonna lie and I
had to edit my video because I didn't do
it yet but it don't worry if you can see
it's a hoodie it's uploading right now
what the heck is going on here oh no
here he comes don't get me Kay no y'all
little boys attached to my feet I don't
know what I'm gonna do oh you want me to
move oh my goodness what you guys are
stuck to me
come on I can't walk I got things to do
I got a walk
I felt so bad every time Carson sees a
little kid he wants one and I felt so
bad that I finally I finally had to
break down get Carson a new kitty
meet the new kitty
that's cute kidding man that's a real
cute beauty man what are you doing
sleeping
I'm just fasting my poor baby Branka
doesn't feel very good do you need me to
drive to Urgent Care I'll do the same
for you you you helped me so much when I
was saying if you need anything anything
at all I'll help you okay
suck it up suck it up so a little break
from the smile more story I got to run
to Lancaster and pick up some some gear
I gotta go see my buddy Chad
I'll be back honey I love you you rest
home stop and get a beverage before I
get there I'm just gonna stop at a gas
station we're right next to the right
next to Christie's pizza where I used to
work I spent a lot of years at Chrissy's
pizza so why don't we drop in real quick
then say hi to the old crew
whoa whoa whoa hey Margie high five high
five
Joanie yeah Joe
Oh the whole crews here I miss you guys
so like I said for a lot of years I
spent in this kitchen making pizzas and
I actually worked with this guy right
here
I'm glad to see you're still here given
the good people of Lancaster quality
pizza at an affordable price
this is it guys this is how it all goes
down you make a pizza you weigh the
ingredients you're baking in the oven
and then Mark me Margie hand cuts and
inspects every single pizza and make
sure that it was made with the highest
amount of love and then out the door it
goes right to your house i straight
hijacked two of their crew pies just
stole them I'm gonna give them to the
boys across our they work hard so I
figure out help him out with a couple
pieces pizza at least right there's no
one else here but Chad and Waylon and
Tony I'm not gonna tell you what Tony's
doing but you want rotted by haha Tony's
back there in the room taking care of
some business real quick oh my gosh what
I want to show you guys they got this
banner made um another artist out of
Utah made this artwork and it's really
cool and it's kind of an honor because
he used the photo that I took them yeah
you did just Rick took that photo bro
look in that thing do this sick it's big
aim it down a little bit towards me like
yeah yeah yeah that's sweet dude
this yeah yeah that's you for sure that
dude right there
yeah that's me geez you're a second oh
my gosh come on bro hey rock star you
guys were obviously everyone's leaving
obviously obviously so see you later
Waylon boys peace my ginger friend yes
we still love you even though you've
read
so Lord doesn't make you a different
person huh oh my how we go let's go I
think I think the perfect thing to get
me through the rest this night is some
energy shoes man right I've never had
anything like this before I have some
computer stuff that should get done I
wanted to do some work on my intro and
and I'm still yeah and I'm still trying
to fine-tune my outro do a mini res with
the same guy I don't need to put tuna oh
you guys to to for up to 5 hours 5 hours
from now it'll be 2 o'clock in the
morning 3 o'clock morning yeah trust me
nah get the first one now first time let
me see you all right it looks like a
starburst
try another about 10-15 seconds just get
it down as fast as we can
you should call on by now really
hey okay I got you
silly boy and I scare you yeah you know
I thought yeah are you ready for bed
yeah I'm sleepy folk guy you boys ready
for bed
you got school tomorrow thumbs up thumbs
up go back here Arsen get your shoes
dude you got like 15 seconds no more
races huh
I hate creases you almost won trying
okay yeah well yeah give me a hug give
her the hug first
Kien ones hogs Carson quinoa hugs
breaking oh that's prayer should wash
you yeah oh did you yes so got you I so
got you admit it you were like what the
heck
Divya I have this little plastic drip
piece it's from like an injection molder
um and it looks like snot so I put it up
to my nose and acting like I was
sneezing and had this hanging down you
couldn't see it in the dark but you
sleepy who made the bed you mean from
dead to be hard
mMmmm well she's going to bed then I'm
I'm going with her which means that's
the close of yet another day on the
Gilroy vlog Channel it's another day in
the bag I have a really fun idea coming
up we're gonna do we're gonna do a prank
week it's me versus Veronica you're
gonna get it you're gonna get it right
now all right guys we're going to bed
I'll see each and every single one of
you guys right back here tomorrow
