what up guys so today we're heading to I
gotta go to mojo right now
mojo sportswear to pick up some spa more
gear that we now have our black smile
more wristbands back in stock and we'll
be shipping those orders very very very
soon either today or tomorrow but
yesterday was kind of a crappy day we
didn't we didn't really have much going
on it was rainy it was it's just a
crappy day but me and Veronica had a
chance to check check out all these
comments you guys left seems that team
Veronica is pretty strong I better stay
on top of my game or else she's gonna
take over the channel you guys really
liked watching her cook food I even saw
on my Twitter a couple people actually
made that same meal
I hope you guys liked it it is a
delicious delicious meal maybe we make
Veronica a cooking channel where she
just cooks you guys food and shows you
how to make it why not
Veronica's been over here since noon ish
twelve one two three four maybe five my
other job oh you're so dedicated I love
you we left you have fun I'll try
you ordered you ordered pizza yeah what
do I want I want pineapple and ham I
know anyone else will you bet all right
I'll have pepperoni cheese pepperoni
banana pepper
thank you
love you see you tomorrow okay high five
high five all right six hours later I've
lost complete track of time and I've got
to get the heck out of this smile or
store and get the kids made than in bed
because they've got school tomorrow and
Veronica's at work so she can't do it
so bye Becky I'll see you later my
Brittany by Kane let's say bye chase
see you dude hey that's a cool shirt man
yeah it's a pink shirt you're rocking
that pink boy oh just a little ladybug I
won't squish it I won't I promise okay
hurry up and get your shoes on
I don't we gotta go home we gotta take a
bath we gotta get ready for bed you want
a drink yeah what do you want a drink
Roman left the toilet seat up for you
mm-hmm Romans always generous enough to
leave the toilet seat up and for the
boys who's gonna have all the water you
want I'm not either
on the ball I'm gonna pull this sheriff
over
boys you got me give my back up I'm
Dallas I come home and you're watching
family guy this is your favorite show
it's all you ever watch yeah he does
watch a lot of basketball Dallas watches
a lot basketball just for the record I
want you guys I can't tell you how many
comments I keep getting who's Dallas
Dallas Dallas Dallas this is Dallas and
I am his younger brother
Dallas is my younger brother he's me
brother okay he's not Batali's twin he's
not my cousin he's he's my body's son my
son he's my brother Dallas so yeah we
didn't do a video yesterday because
first of all it was rainy all day and
just nasty
I don't make $0 to do these videos and I
have to make money somehow so it becomes
very important for me sometimes to put
the camera down and just focus on making
money I have to make money
Veronica Veronica works the hospital you
know a few nights a week and that pays
you know pretty well but you got to have
more I mean it does you can't I got this
house I got a card to pay for I got
bills I gotta feed Dallas you know so I
got to make money so I know that a lot
of you understand that but some of you
don't and it's it's important for me to
let you know that sometimes I can't put
up a vlog and it's not because I'm being
lazy and it's not because I don't want
to because it's so much fun to do these
vlogs and read you guys comments hell
the last video I posted there was I
think something like 800 comments
that was the most commented video I
think I've put up so far which is really
cool and you guys are definitely digging
Veronica vlog so we may try a little bit
more I want to see how many of you guys
are talented out there I'm one I'm
working on a project that I need
desperately someone who is really really
good with After Effects I need a couple
of different movie clips made
transitions so if you are good and I
mean really good with After Effects hit
up the Gil send me a message on twitter
follow me on twitter at Gilroy vlogs and
yeah well we'll work something out and
whatever maybe we should do an Omega
session right now why not where's my
phone all right I'm gonna tweet right
now for you guys to be on omegle let's
see after I tweet I'm gonna give it ten
minutes we'll see how many people's on
at least over 20 of you said that you
wanted to meet up on Omega so we're
gonna do this let's have some fun I'm
sorry buddy I have it I haven't allowed
my webcam yet so he's just sitting here
looking at a plex screen
I wonder what he'll do I wonder if he's
gonna start picking his nose
you certainly his board let's see what
his face looks like when I enabled my
camera I left oh look we got a smile
more shirt this is my bro let's let's go
ahead and allow it looks loud let's a
lot right now what up hey turn your
volume down bro there Darrell what's up
oh that's alright
tomorrow's a new day man she'll get over
it but look we got a smile washer this
is my bro
let's go ahead and allow it let's loud
let's allow it right now what up hey
turn your volume down bro there Darryl
what's up alright tomorrow's a new day
man she'll get over it
yeah yeah you just click that and the
mag is there and then that goes to the
water horse head it goes to the horse
head you click that button and then it
goes to the horse head before that had
sunglasses the horse head with the with
the Panama glasses do yourself a
handstand get it get it
you got it don't knock that stuff off
the wall there we go there we go whoo
almost a full extension I'm gonna give
you a seven point - okay bro no no not
too much
down down down down down that's good
make the craziest face that you can make
let's see a goofy face I mean go crazy
go all out like pull your or her whore
your cheek out make a nose go up
something like that you know he pulled
his cheek out and made his nose go
that's I don't even recognize that
person at all I I don't know who that is
I can't see what my camera looks like
this bag you camera's black your
camera's racist we're doing a little
segment called goofy gladiators and
you're gonna have to do something goofy
right now what the last guy I had to do
a handstand can you juggle
hey look it's another horsey oh pretty
or is the pretty or Z it's time to turn
off the backlight bro the shit is gone
to your head for real yeah yeah turn off
the backlight turn on some real light
look at yourself in the mirror and ask
yourself one question and that is why on
earth would I be interested in other
people's kidneys do an elbow drop elbow
drop when I be back
awesome do it again one more I don't
know why that's so funny
beanbag on top of your head right there
you go
now run as fast as you can into the wall
directly to your right with your head
five steps back okay all right I love it
that's a gladiator right there thank you
my friend that was very entertaining
since do - oh my gosh mom taught you
well that was fun we didn't really have
a whole lot of people on online I
thought there'd be more it was like
12:30 though yeah so next time I'll give
you guys a little more advanced advanced
warning it's pretty light guys and
Dallas doesn't doesn't really do
anything entertaining after midnight so
so I guess we'll just see you guys right
right back here you know tomorrow
