and who's that girl my fridge mmm-hmm
looking for something for dinner this is
dinner time already we're starting the
vlog and it's already dinnertime yeah
okay let's go
it's fine it's better that way we're not
morning people well I thought we were
going to go out not I thought we were
gonna go do something we're not gonna go
do something no change plans wrong who
just wants to stay inside because
I'm modern oh I'm never home you know
never home never home
work you work three nights a week I
worked three nights in a row and let me
tell you it sucks you're gonna make
dinner right oh my better but I'll mow
the grass you have to go to the store no
no here's the deal you make dinner you
have to go get it and I'll mow the grass
because that's gonna take oh you need is
cooking an alfredo sauce oh you need
this chicken and operator sauce
so while Veronica goes to the store I
guess I'm gonna mow the grass the grass
but I'm not gonna make you guys watch me
mother grass I'm just gonna send I'm
just gonna send you to the store with
Veronica okay honey you're taking the
gladiators okay okay all right so yeah
you guys are coming with me to Kroeber
we're gonna get the rest of the
ingredients for a delicious dinner
tonight
first thing we need
checkin
next we need alfredo sauce
really hope juice has grass mowed by the
time I get home probably won't be done
I'm gonna go start cooking chase is
mowing this is all you need chicken
alfredo sauce lasagna noodles and cheese
boiling water from noodles I'm gonna put
the chicken in there I always usually
just boil the chicken because I end up
shredding it out cutting it shredding it
say how it works
cutting the grass wore me out I'm I
can't wait I can't wait until dinner's
ready I'm just gonna I'm just gonna be
out here watching some TV until dinner's
ready okay yeah I'm just kidding I guess
she promised you guys she's gonna show
you how she's cooking whatever she's
cooking so enjoy enjoy it noodles are
boiling chicken just took it out nice
huh chicken shredded and the noodles are
done so let's put it all together take a
little bit of sauce spread on there like
take some shred it up chicken cheese
sprinkle on top then you're gonna roll
it up honey I need your help I have to
do this to hand okay roll it up it's
easier roll it up Oh put it right in the
pan that's that that's it I'm keep gone
till you get filled up you're doing
great a lotta starving
well she was ready don't you get them
all rolled up the sauce the chicken the
cheese roll it up put it in a pan should
look something like that and then you
just take your extra sauce and kind of
pour over top of it all you put some
extra cheese on top - mmm right in the
oven everything started cooked so pretty
much you just want to melt the cheese
kind of let it get a little brown on top
and it's done no my mom's calling chase
I'm about to wither away look if I turn
sideways I'll practice fear all you see
is this weekend's are pretty slow around
here that's how we like it
right yep just sit back relax enjoy the
kids because the kids aren't in school
I've actually been catching up on some
work it's for a company called caring
assist I'm about to send it away for
approval he wants some color and then I
gave him a black one but I was inspired
by a collection of shapes and an idea
for like the outro for my vlogs so
tonight maybe for tomorrow's vlog I'm
gonna try this different
endcard and I'm going to try and rework
the intro a little bit just to give it
some more I don't know hearing more
character yeah good good word so let me
know what you guys think I don't know if
it'll be on tomorrow's hopefully it'll
be on tomorrow's if not it'll be the
next days looks so delicious and that is
chicken alfredo
roll up delicious
you ready ready just food Carson you
ready yeah
you hungry okay I'm not sure what I'd do
without you
you wouldn't I've survived I wouldn't be
happy do you want butter on your biscuit
yeah bottom a basket mm-hmm all right
you guys think I make incredible meals
but Branca beats me this is so good I
try sometimes going on your whoa
I'm gonna take one to mom and she's
giving us some cookies she's making new
girls the thing you're taking over my
wall excuse me
this is Gilroy logs I do believe that my
last name is also Gilroy looks like
she's taken over the channel you guys
you need to revolt her you team chase
our teen Veronica we're gonna draw the
line right now team chase with team
Veronica I'm D view your team chase yeah
you oh yeah ha ha ha you can't be a
flip-flopper nope nope you're on my team
right ha ha all right Spain Carson
against Veronica :
team chaser team Veronica let me know in
the comments who are you hmm
fresh out of the oven don't touch it's
hot we will never go there here good
picky picky cookie that's a good trade
that's good trade leftover chicken
alfredo roll-ups for some freshly baked
chocolate chip cookies thanks mom
probably babies hmm they look delicious
thank you yeah mom doesn't like to be on
camera so yeah I'll get that one for
daddy
we're bald Alice can I have on for
Dallas yeah that's what Dallas kid just
a chocolate chip all right take one for
Dallas thick enough to look at those
pretty flowers yeah they sure are
prettier today I think this is a cherry
blossom tree oh look at that one
first one that blooms every year these
are nice all they last because tomorrow
is supposed to be like an 80% chance of
thunderstorms and then the next day
supposed to be like 30 with one to two
inches of snow
and believe that smells disgusting yeah
I'm gonna go throw up now all of that
dinner you just made go throw it up
that's not fair yeah it did its job it's
over all right my little gladiators
that's about all I got for you today I'm
going to cut this vlog off because I
want to want to do a little more
development on the end card for the
channel and possibly the intro so that's
going to take a good part of the rest of
the night so Ron who's already passed
out so the kids are in bed Veronica's
passed out it's perfect time for me to
get some stuff done on my computer so
I'll see all you guys right back here
tomorrow
