what a beautiful it's hot and it's great
Veronica's home she's got to work
tonight which really really stinks but
she's here now and that's all account
you wanna just chill sure buddy
all right ready
do you think I am old yeah Dallas has
never been able to land it back though
she's gonna work what are you doing
who's gonna fill up some balloons hold
water and you don't wanna kids I'm the
kid
yeah no I'm God it sounds good
I thought you were thinking about
pulling one a little boy in which case
that would be bad for you let me be very
very bad for you you saw what happened
when you pour flour on me in the shower
right you woke up to an icy revenge
don't don't tell column don't go out
there and sneak attack him yeah we're
gonna game of waffling me yeah yeah pray
again right exactly yeah that's so fun
Frankie is so fun yeah it is yeah I'm
gonna do this we're gonna get the kids
of Waterloo's yes yes yes
oh that was fun right boys didn't think
that was as fun as I thought they would
Carson what's wrong with getting a
little wet I don't like getting plungers
we're trying to think of something good
to make for dinner I have chicken
breasts and I'll have sweet baby Ray's
barbecue and I've got cornmeal and I've
got bacon bits what I'm thinking is what
if I made a crispy crust likes fried
chicken but a crispy crust out of flour
cornmeal and bacon bits
you roll the chicken and barbecue first
and then roll it in this concoction of
cornmeal flour and bacon bits I think
that that would be a winner winner
chicken dinner so we're gonna have we're
gonna have a barbecue bacon crusted
chicken breast with Red Lobster's
cheddar Bay biscuits oh that is the
right there here's our mix it's flour
bacon pieces and cornmeal what we're
first gonna do is roll it roll the
chicken and a barbecue sauce sweet baby
Ray's mmm-hmm and then roll it in this I
don't even know if it's gonna taste good
I'm just experimenting throw it in a
bowl and yeah for the best I just have
this idea that when I cook it like this
it's gonna taste delicious and then when
I eat it I'm gonna be really glad that I
did that I don't even know if this in
turn out well but we're gonna try how
about we put some cheese on the chicken
too she's on it on top of it yeah I
don't hate that idea right since I don't
know how this is gonna turn out I'm
gonna try it two ways in mine try it
fried in oil and then also baked so
we'll bake some and I'll for a couple
and show you guys the difference so in
case you want to get crazy and try
something like this you know whether to
bake it or fry that don't look like
though it looks like cottage cheese
they're gonna be good though either way
dude look how good that looks in the fry
that looks good thing about cornmeal is
when you like deep fried cornmeal and
grease it gets nice and crispy so this
would be a nice and crispy chicken bacon
barbecue flavor all right so the fried
ones look really good you just got to be
careful not to cook them too long they
look really good and they taste really
good too but the baked ones are not
coming along as well as you think
they're still kind of powdery so they're
already kind of cooked halfway I'm just
gonna Brown them up in the grease to
save them
definitely fried was the way to go the
cornmeal and powder mixture it what it
didn't get saturated it was still powder
in the oven so I had to switch it up and
get it get in the grease these are
looking done a nice golden brown Bronk
is gonna top it off with some cheese oh
yeah that's sexy
now that looks pretty daggone good
excuse me while I destroy this she got
five minutes to eat dinner and now she
has good work how was dinner
it was delicious I did good yeah sweet
mmm fine mom I'm on I'll see you when
you get home okay don't forget to MA the
grass okay
dinner was great today was beautiful the
Sun is setting a beautiful sunset
I'm just playing with the kids man
call Carson in Dallas your sword
fighting
whoa you want me to beat him yeah so he
can jump with me calling all right
I feel me Oh fill me fill me in Dallas
with our sword fight on the count of
three you guys go one two three go
they're offering town for that us die
tell them what we're doing
um we're building Carmel 3 the cargo
plane
it's from the lego city yeah yeah and
the hands gonna build it right out
that's better at this table right here
at this table we'll set up the GoPro
okay and we'll do a time-lapse
look look at this thing man that's
awesome
good box pictures okay we'll get him
yeah what the back of it opens up that's
very sweet and you can put your guys up
huh
wicked awesome well how's it working
good good yeah it's awesome mm-hmm
pretty sweet it only took us what it did
take about an hour to build it maybe not
five minutes oh whoops
I I guess I forgot to close out the vlog
last night I I put the kids to bed and
sat down in this recliner right here and
I fell asleep and I woke up and it was
5:30 in the morning so I'm gonna get
ready for today I need to take a shower
and get dressed and I want to edit this
video before Veronica wakes up because
it's super nice out and she doesn't have
to work today so I want to spend some
time with her all of us all together
sorry I messed up the ending but it's
cool we'll get we'll get by so we'll see
you guys right back here today
