today's vlog is a very special vlog and
I'm not going to tell you why yet
because first I want you guys to check
out what's happening
chef Gilroy's kitchen man tonight we're
having pasta angel here
prego South got that beef it's browning
spaghetti water boiling and then we got
these biscuits my bad
croissant it's a Kris home let me tell
you exactly what's so special about
today's vlog my brother and his wife
Samantha are pregnant and tonight is the
night they're having their baby and
we're bringing in a brand new member to
the Gilroy Hughes family which is super
exciting but first we got to eat so
that's why I'm making dinner that's
looking about right nice meaty sauce
croissant oh man they're getting big
dude oh that's my favorite game haha
manager showed up she's taking the kids
for a pizza party yeah the boys looked
out they're going to stay with Nana so I
can go up and be with uncle Josh and
aunt Samantha you guys are gonna go have
a pizza party at Cannes yeah that's
awesome right I don't know either you
guys got your bags packed with your PJs
and your clothes yes wait wait one
second you guys didn't tell me buy it
why I love you bye bye bye well I get my
shoes on I will see you guys oh come on
Oh
I can do this watch nice alright run
across the yard to Nana's and I'll see
you tomorrow I love you bye I love you I
love you more
you're awesome you're making a mess
you already ate everything
well since the boys are gone me and Alex
are left to ourselves to enjoy this
beautiful spaghetti dinner I'd be pretty
good if you guys could taste this stuff
you'd probably be like it's the best on
the planet how was it oh yeah see I told
you it's Gilroy's kitchen here we are
downtown baby it's time it's time for my
brother to have a second child and I'm
stoked I already got two kids we had
them pretty pretty close together so I'm
excited to see how he deals with another
baby push whoo 21st floor menswear
yeah it's baby time should take about
five minutes
oh really fun fun hi so while we're
waiting for this baby to come it's a
waiting game you just wait it's the most
pointless thing ever I wish these babies
would just come out you know it is just
like like a vending machine they just
fall out you put in your dollar twenty
five right and the pop just falls out
you may already know that my sister
Amanda is pregnant as well she's nine
months pregnant which is that seven
weeks 37 weeks nine months in a week
commands that's that's time that's like
time go time how does it feel you're
about to be in this exact situation well
not exactly but not exactly good then
like nine months of prison are you ready
you're not ready but no matter how
prepared you think you are to have a
baby once the baby comes you're not as
prepared as you thought you were
it is an awesome experience though
you've never had kids you should look
forward to that moment because it
changes your life completely I don't
know yet that's you see we've seriously
been here for over three hours and this
is a welcome gift
it's the coffee machine look how many
choices so many choices
I think I'm gonna go
I think I'm gonna go hazelnut
I think it's safe to say she's
officially zombie I've been sitting here
since what nine well she's been here
since right after dad dad right after
dad got here seven eight seven o'clock
oh that's six hours but finally mom just
got a text message from Josh a picture
here comes a picture of the baby where's
the net oh there is a cute little devil
we're gonna get to go back and see them
in just a couple minutes I can't wait
cuz it's about time for me to go to
sleep so how was it I mean how was it
how was it
and someone wipe your field-dress
together Dallas and I thought it was
only appropriate that we take the proper
precautions before we go see the new
baby you want we don't want to get any
awesome on the baby just in case you
know so we got to wear these masks all
right here we go oh yeah yeah
me and Grandpa are gonna see baby Silas
he's cuter the button man okay no cutie
patootie hasn't even started screaming
or crying or being upset yet maybe he'll
be a good baby for you do this little
tone this is my thumb people that little
toe little monkey man
Oh
she sure is cute man oh good job Sam
thank you you did it yes I grew him baby
this is Jonathan Oh when Silas Hughes
born at midnight midnight April 12th
right mm-hmm
April 12th 2014 how big how big was he
seven pounds six ounces and pounds six
ounces two weeks early man he's a
darling
good work now we're gonna let you get
some rest all right yes we'll see you
tomorrow okay right see you guys
tomorrow my body
see you dude thanks for sticking up the
night with us oh I wouldn't leave what
do you think grandma he's cute he's
incredibly cute his little foot is as
big as my thumb
I took picture of this button yeah well
we don't have to wait for anyone me and
Alice are going home what we parked the
farthest away it's just Columbus nothing
ever happens here
yeah he's cute man washed yet still car
guy that's all right
that's how they all come oh so that's it
baby's here it's 2:00 a.m. time for us
to go home and go to sleep poor Josh I
don't think you're gonna get any sleep
tonight this is funny everyone's
splitting up because everyone parked in
different places I parked down there
somewhere
I know my way around here man I run
these streets see you dude
congratulations all right that was fun
well not exciting fun fun to welcome a
new a new member to our family our
family's big enough prayer can't even
see me it's so dark it's two o'clock in
the morning to look around here we're at
OSU Medical Center downtown Columbus
I'll tell you what I miss coming
downtown
we haven't been cranking it up for a
while so I've had a reason to come up
here
all right guys there you have it we got
a new addition to our family it's so
awesome
welcome to the world Jonathan Owen Silas
Hughes and congratulations Josh and Sam
it's three o'clock in the morning and I
got to wrap this up because I got to get
some sleep and we've got some fun stuff
planned with the kids tomorrow
Veronica has to work which kind of sucks
but it's it's supposed to be nice so I
want to do something fun with the kids
so I'm going to go to bed and I'll see
you guys right back here tomorrow
you
