good morning gladiators I gotta say I'm
feeling a little bit better not a
hundred percent but pretty darn good
considering that I just started taking
these pills I got these prescriptions
back to help me get rid of this sore
throat today and I'm not very proud of
this but it's nice out and I think it's
time for me to conquer one of the
projects that I've really needed to
conquer for a while now and that is
cleaning out my garage my garage it's
been since the end of last summer since
I've cleaned it out and it really needs
a good work over so I thought it would
be a great opportunity to hook up my
GoPro I'm going to take the GoPro and
we're gonna do a cool little time-lapse
of me cleaning this whole garage in
super high speed
Bronk is out here playing I'm trying to
get work done hey honey where's the GP I
need to pull the Jeep out I got I got
things to do Oh shucky first step to
cleaning the garage is we got to get all
the trash trash all the cardboard on all
the trash we got to get all the trash in
the dumpster and then we're going to
move everything out now I've got to help
her Colin's gonna help me aren't you
buddy he's my helper all right let's do
it
a normal person would probably sweep out
the garage but not when you got a leaf
blower I'm gonna blow this ish
where you going we're going to retinues
alright have fun buddy I don't know she
tell Brittany I said hi okay love ya
cleaned up a little bit and we're gonna
go see my mom she had surgery on her
elbow yesterday apparently she had a
nerve that was displaced or something
so they had to cut her arm open and and
move the nerve or cut it out or
something we're gonna find out all right
before we go I want to show you guys
something I made a while back I found it
when I was cleaning out the garage
back in my old job when I was doing I
had to do like video production and it
required me to like I did a lot of
interviews so interviews and kind of
like promotional videos and it was
really hard for the people that I was
that I was taping it was hard for them
to like get their lines right and I was
like man I need a teleprompter and the
only teleprompters that you can buy were
so expensive like a couple thousand
dollars so I was like well why don't I
make one the concept is fairly simple so
I set out to make one and this is what I
came up with this is just regular glass
but I understand that you can get like a
I think it's called beam splitter glass
that's it's more highly reflective and
it gives you I don't know gives you a
better result this one kind of makes the
words a little blurry but it still works
but what you have to do is like drape
like a black blanket over top so
basically the camera sits here right and
shoots through the glass and then I'll
lay my iPad here and they have like
teleprompter apps that you can just put
your text in and then scrolls
so you lay your iPad here and it's
reversed so you can see so like if we're
standing right
here you can see perfectly the words and
you can't but the camera doesn't see
anything from that side it works pretty
well and I want to develop it farther to
make it more of like a compact design so
that it can fold up I think it's a hot
seller and it's not really for
everyone's practical use but if you do
stuff like that it would be money money
it's my idea guys so don't you be taken
it before I left the house I was
checking my emails and I got an email
from our attorney about the ATM prank
and it looks like all the look all of
our cases at first they had of all
separate cases was with four separate
court aides with four separate judges
but he was able to consolidate them so
now we're all four
I'm gonna have the same court date it's
gonna be April 28 at the Franklin County
I'm not sure where exactly it is off the
top of my head but I'll I'll let you
guys know but April 28th is when our
court date is at 9:00
in the morning even more incredible if
you guys showed up outside that
courtroom
and shut your sport that would be just
amazing this guy right here slow down so
you can see me vlogging your look look
at that guy he's holding the camera
belonging you see might get beside
this right here is a game of Champions
when I was in college we played this
game non-stop day and night and this is
the hacky sack man you hacky
it's beautiful coulda
woulda these kicks death I can't do that
dude this body
Oh Oh Chloe's birthday oh those are cute
cupcakes all right I call dibs on that
ring
I want that cupcake ring I can have this
one this one right here this well that's
not a ring
I might actually gain some weight if I
eat all those cupcakes Oh mom good you
got big old sausage fingers sausage
fingers I know it's not normal so today
they're always humping a pepper what oh
wow that's something right there they're
both girls let him out there and play
for a while I love carrot cake but
Boston cream pie takes a close second
definitely a close second with mint
chocolate chip ice cream
that definitely depth that def def
definitely good good I saw her that's
what you got so excited about Carson
came to get calling he was like come
here come here I want to show you
something and this is what we wanted to
show kidding you guys really want a kid
cat don't you
this poor guy wants a cast so bad
I know thankfully when Daddy can give us
our own house yeah yeah I'd like a
really big new house yeah like a hundred
feet tall yeah yeah about ten feet tall
ten feet now hundred sounds good yeah I
guess we're leaving now
my mom my mom's poor elbow is all jacked
what was this surgery again little
tunnel syndrome this transposition they
had what she just said was she had
booboo in her elbow and they went and
repositioned the boo-boo kind of like
that place yeah well hope you feel
better
I've showed you this once before but
didn't hurt good never gets old so funny
how they pass out
I remember when I was a kid I used to
fall asleep in the car all the time
so this is just priceless
nah
you heard me putting some on the door
didn't you I was trying to make you
think I scratching the door not funny
alright guys that about does it for
today I think I'm gonna I think I'm
gonna mmm
think I'm gonna sit down and do some
computer work tonight there's a couple
of projects that I've been dying to work
on and now that I'm home vacations over
I really want to crank those out there's
just like this logo design gig that I
got and I want to I want to do a really
good job for him impress me because I
think that this guy might actually have
a lot actually work for me so and as you
can tell me my favorite vlog closing
spot I just love this spot for some
reason it gives the ending of like a
polished kind of look if you know I'm
saying I sure do love having you around
I can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
