well well it seems as though I'm
starting it all right let me be real to
guys I'm starting to get that same sore
throat that I had when we went to the
beach and it's because I left my
medicine in the house when we left I
didn't bring it with me and I was
feeling really good so I figured I'll be
all right
well now it's it's coming back to hit me
hard I don't know if I sound right I
sound different to me but I don't know
if I sound different to you so I need to
go back to the doctor so I can get
another prescription
costing me away too much money this
stupid sore throat back again in urgent
care let that be a lesson to you guys
when you're prescribed your antibiotics
you take them all of them man gotta pick
up Carson from the US it's about that
time of day you should begin here any
second
listen to that you hear the birds
chirping the Sun is warm on me man it's
starting to look up guys I can't wait
I can't wait for spring/summer this is
gonna be an awesome summer next month I
don't know if you're aware but next
month we've got some really big things
going on it'll be really cool month the
whole month will be cold blogs here he
is there's my boy
yeah I'm stalking everyone yeah he did
did you have a good time at school yeah
yeah yeah spray book miss berry bug huh
that's for Advance Auto Parts did you
learn anything
yep would you learn I learned about
vacation oh really
I learned about the beach and Rhonda Vee
oh you're on the P huh uh-huh you're
learning the letter V yeah we're
learning the ABCs you already know the
ABCs yeah cuz he's smart Carson can say
his ABCs
with his eyes closed
ABCD efg hijk LMNOP qrs tuv wxyzi no way
baby first made with qgp alright yo
Carson my eyes closed
you sure did buddy how's those cookies
dude you in chocolate chip cookies and
milk I only have one won't be twit
that's the best after-school snack in
the world isn't it cookies and milk
Holland's gonna get off the bus in like
five minutes you're coming with me
there is there's Colin what's up dude at
school yeah I was driving us your driver
you have to go home faster I can't go
faster
Philips yeah turn it you got it whoa
whoa
Cooper you know the neighbors grass man
they're gonna be angry yeah cool knife
out I might actually have to mow the
grass this week getting pretty pretty
tall
all right margin jump oh whoa whoa okay
oh man a couple ninjas Billy smacker
that's time for t-ball you guys ready
for t-ball yeah all right let's get it
boys are practicing grounders super
super money this was my favorite part of
practicing running Lance
high-five super-good hi my look how
money you are oh my goodness that was a
muddy baseball field look at you man
you're all muddy too bud you know they
there's so many kids almost like it it's
almost like every single team that plays
t-ball practices on the same day and
they only have three fields dude dude
dude dude get a monkey on my back they
always get really really hyper before
bedtime especially after they take a
bath get really hyper
love all paths can love back to you in
many mysteries mysterious wondrous ways
wet kisses soft just kisses snuggles
what's that was it
do you remember Nets maze moments
through hours of that loving days job I
was a pretty long book around Wednesday
it sure is
yeah hump day you know hump day is right
up there hump days Wednesday hump day
school yes you do have to go to school
oh gosh hump day just means it's the
middle of the week it's the hump the
uphill climb Monday Tuesday and then
Wednesday is the hump and then you go
back down it's all downhill from there
my column you ate it I love you see in
the morning night buddy
love you alright dudes and dudettes kids
are in bed and I need to get some rest
in because I need these meds to fully
take over I can't believe this sore
throat it's freakin awful and that it
came back is even worse isn't it
I'm a pathetic man I know I when I get a
sick man it's just like I'm the biggest
freaking girl don't make fun of me if
I'm sick I stop to keep going keep doing
what I do but sick you can also squeeze
babies out from between your legs I
can't no man should ever try that never
and hopefully by tomorrow I wake up
feeling a lot better those steroids work
man
my throat was so much more swollen this
morning and then I took two rounds of
those steroids of prednisone and it
helps so much I still feel like I sound
weird
do I sound weird
no I don't sound weird sound exactly the
same I feel like I've I feel like I feel
like I sound like rooms blocked up we're
gonna go ahead and cut this one off
sorry it's so short but I need to get
some rest
so my gladiators I say to you good night
and we'll see you right back here
tomorrow do it faster
tomorrow when we're done tomorrow
