I'm really sad because Scott and Lindsay
are leaving they're leaving a day early
disguised to work at four in the morning
on Monday so I couldn't understand how
that would be a little crazy but I had
to feel much so much fun dude
it's blast til the later part of the
summer Lindsay yeah Scottie this guy's
always got takes and home with everybody
comes first of all today is quite a
different day it's uh
very chilly I feel like a slob is I only
brought like two sweatshirts and it's no
no it's weird it's like really foggy you
can only see like a quarter mile down
the beach there they go yeah all good
things come to an end it'd be really
nice if I could stay here forever but
then we'd probably never get anything
done and we'd be broke as hell sleeping
on the beach I found this window
cleaning magnet downstairs on the fridge
and I was like whoa that that could be
you you could be the man my dad's been
cleaning glass for over 20 years
and he's damn good at it bro clean
window cleaning if you don't know he's
probably the best in the business and it
makes me wonder if you could just hop
ship on Columbus and come down the Outer
Banks and just work down here there's so
many health so many houses and all these
windows get crazy dirty with salt and
all that sand and stuff so there's good
money of you made down here
so I thought today on the last day we
would show you guys all around the small
city in our town rather of Corolla and
on the way I gotta say I've never seen
the beach look like this
it's like fog Currituck beach lighthouse
it's so foggy even if we did climate you
never see anything up there so
what is that dude is a pretty big
lighthouse don't you say yeah it's
really caller than you sure is I'm
taller than anybody installer than
everybody yeah mm-hmm how many feet tall
is it me neither
and right here is the entrance to this
big giant lighthouse this is the gift
shop at the lighthouse you have
everything lighthouse everything is a
lighthouse oh look at that boat I want
that boat $180 I can tell that Thank You
captain obvious
whoa why it's a fighter I think it's
only appropriate that I have an Outer
Banks coffee cup because I drink quite a
bit of coffee
we've seen all of us we've seen all of
those it shall be mine
that's a dead fish dead fish hmm these
guys are so smart we're just so witty
Carson will tell you a story for as long
as you'll listen you want that show me
what it is trying it's treasure map a
pirate's treasure map
so tu-95 like a message in a bottle
295 do you wanna yes so for as long as
we've been coming here I've always
wanted to come home it's really pretty
and it sits right on the sound side it's
probably one of the nicer restaurants
I've seen here new cheese sticks out of
control buddy
cheesy cheese you know person got
chicken tenders and fries calling
noodles got them traveling that's good
ain't even a G's combo three that's me
that's your clam your oysters and your
crab legs with shrimp for a man who
loves seafood that's not even close to
enough shrimp taste it look it look it
look it
this restaurant has a pretty awesome
view
this is the outside of this sunset grill
it's pretty freakin sweet look at all
the seating over here you could come
here it's nice and summertime get
yourself a few cocktails and just sit
and look at this I could do that would
you do that Veronica yeah would you like
to do that with me tonight now we're
gonna head to this place it's like a
little shopping strip shopping mall
it's called Timbuktu it's really cool so
this is Timbuktu it's just like a
shopping plaza with all kinds of
different stores and it's kind of dead
man we picked the wrong time of year to
come here there's usually this parking
is always full there's so many people
that are always out it's just crazy
there's no one around so we found
ourselves and probably the coolest shop
at Timbuktu this is Kitty Hawk surf and
they got everything man they got
clothing they got your trinkets your
surplus rocks piece frogs you know mom
digs a piece frogs Colin what'd you do
you did that
the Tiki toss let's see
see if Dave's gotta take
so you have to swing this ring up
against this hook on the wall and try to
hook it so close Collin got it twice
didn't you buddy
you're good let's see what we do it's
pretty close guys oh I'll keep hitting
it
watch your head buddy that's it right
there that's the power of the kill baby
power of the kill I just want to tell
you guys how cool the people are here at
Kitty Hawk surf company that this is
Essie she's a store manager
the video for today has been uploaded
but I haven't been able to make it
public yet because of the slow upload
times in our condo so she was nice
enough to let me use her laptop to get
you the video today so everyone say
thanks to se you ready go back Carson we
gotta pack our stuff sadly we have to
pack our things because we leave
tomorrow morning to go back home to Ohio
back to reality
it'd be nice if we could stay here
forever it's so bittersweet this is our
last Sun fall
such a beautiful sunset and this is also
our last time driving on to the beach
we're going back to the house to get
everything packed and ready so last time
that we get to see this yep not this
exactly but look at that
everybody out this is incredible Oh
dolphin
oh poor fellow usually in Ohio you come
across like groundhogs squirrel deer
dead on the road but here you see
dolphins it's that time we got to clean
up the car seats and sweep out the Jeep
get everything cleaned up for the ride
home I'm actually quite sad I feel like
my vacation started only halfway but
that means we got a lot of work to do
all right guys that's gonna about do it
for today we're done vacations over I'm
ready to leave tomorrow we drive home so
the next time you see us we're gonna be
in the car and back to Ohio and I really
don't want to because I feel like my
vacation just got started so with
reluctance I say to you goodnight
gladiators will see in Ohio
