good morning gladiators good to see you
are you happy to see me I know you do I
know you are because I'm feeling a
hundred times better than I was most of
this vacation I still gotta take some
pills to keep me feeling good
these aren't these aren't crazy pills
it's just antibiotics and steroids to
keep the swelling down on my throat but
today we're getting amped it's such a
beautiful day outside it's hot it's like
a degrees almost which is refreshing and
we're gonna go do some photos everyone
when we come down for vacation everyone
wants to get like family photos done so
we're about to all head down to the
beach and do some family photos
you ready Scott do it you look great man
I love that hat I love it so this is our
view from the top deck it's beautiful
I could wake up every morning to this I
love the beach and I was so depressed
when I started getting sick and I just
wanted to sleep I had no energy I
couldn't move so beat my throat was
swollen
I could barely swallow it still is a
little tender but I'm getting by with
some medicine alcoholic beverages you
know maybe you guys don't know but I was
born in Florida and Cape Canaveral so I
I grew up near the beach and we moved to
Ohio when I was probably I don't know
eight or nine maybe so that's why I
always love coming back to the beach
because I feel like I belong at the
beach
Veronica's getting the boys all ready
for some pictures they're getting the
classic Beach roll pants right yeah
you're gonna look so good dude oh
there's Carson Oh buddy man that is
good-looking
yeah that's good-looking buddy I like it
it has a pocket yeah yeah do you like my
shirt yes super awesome yeah all right
look at our sandy Jeep dude you got it
so sandy I know it's sandy everywhere
all right guys pictures are all done we
took care of that rather quickly now
we're just gonna go play at the beach
because it's one of the most nicest most
beautiful days of the year and since
we've been here so it's time to really
to really hammer in all the sunshine
time that we missed out on so far right
Dallas got this great idea from watching
YouTube videos go figure
he's gonna take him and bury a fitness
bawls this fitness ball in the sand and
he's gonna try and do flips off I can
see this turning into another urgent
care visit I sure hope this works
else you're gonna get hurt real bad
yeah Veronica's turn you're gonna try
this
don't lose your sunglasses all right
Lindsay yeah watch out flame
she sure is graceful kids are gonna have
a chance at this they think it's really
fun
haha
let's go pro Dallas is gonna he's gonna
take a board after he does a front flip
on the ball he's gonna grab a boogie
board head for the shirt he'll be
wearing this this action camera which
isn't a GoPro it's not a GoPro Sony mmm
and then he's gonna get some footage of
him riding away back just really easy
really awesome are you ready let's go
how was it Oh cold yeah finally a
beautiful day hang out on the beach
we got bikers
the waves are awesome the water's
freezing you don't want to get in though
but it's just beautiful sunny
oh yeah it is look at my little Carson
you're so buried in the sand that's cool
man bumped out like you're the Hulk oh
you can bust out real crazy oh he's a
little sand puppy look at my little
Carson you're so buried in the sand
that's cool man buffed out like you're
the Hulk
oh you're gonna bust out real crazy oh
he's a little sand puppy
honey when I said I like them well dunno
I didn't mean blow the sausage look at
that thing hey that's bad I seen some I
actually saw something like that on dr.
oz before looks just like that I've been
coming back periodically to check the
progress of the upload and it's just
hanging 4 hours and 56 minutes 4 hours
56 minutes has been uploaded the
internet is not very good here but it's
still going so just let it go so it's
very difficult to vlog and drive on the
beach because you got to be on top of
your game driving in this sand but we
are coming up on the Virginia border the
Virginia border isn't very far from
where we stand but you have to drive all
the way up to the beach to get there oh
god here we go we're gonna do this for
if you don't have four-wheel drive you
you might as well just come out here
bare your car all the kids and the girls
here enjoying laptop me and Scott are
gonna go finish up the GoPro footage you
ready
bye boys see ya let's go dad this guy's
in there getting this camera angle right
what were doors we're just switching up
a bunch of different camera angles well
we mess around in the jeeps doing donuts
and fish tails and figure Eight's and
whatever so we're trying to get a bunch
of different camera angles right now
we're working on one that watches us
because we've got plenty of the outside
and now I want to see like in the inside
the cab reaction when we're going crazy
so this dually pulled up to Scottie and
says you guys better stop it there stop
it right now the cops are called and
they're coming after you
they could be lying they could be
telling the truth the other way we may
have cops after and they got better
four-wheel drives than we do I'm sure
that we made a home safe didn't get
caught by any cops or anything what were
they like total assholes or what what'd
they say they said that we needed to
stop because they called the sheriff on
us he's looking for us and when we just
came back to the house I was so happy to
see that the new blog is up it finally
made it it said when I uploaded it it
said that it was gonna take 900 minutes
which is a long long time and I can't
wait 900 minutes especially when today
is probably gonna be the only nice day
that we have here so we're gonna dump
our footage and review it first probably
a little and then see what else we need
right that that's correct
I'm checking comments and stuff from the
new video that I posted thank you guys
so much her for keeping up with me and
making sure that I'm okay which I am I
just had a little sand in my shorts for
a couple days but Veronica just brought
me some coconut oil because apparently
the sunburn is setting in and uh how old
Rancic
no we were out there for a long time
appointment we were down at the beach
for at least three or four hours and you
don't realize it was cool it was warm
but the wind was cool so you didn't
really feel it the UV rays saturated all
of us you can tell we were all drenched
with sunlight and now we have sunburns
which is awesome I'm not really
complaining but oh come with a knife
stand yeah we'll have nice tan well my
tan will stop here you can see that the
Sun wraps around by my neck and then
stops at my Adam's apple boy
I chose a bud oh I like BOTS - whatever
the girls are getting frisky I like it
the kids are young pigs in a blanket the
dogs in the blanket my bad my bad bro
well they're eating real food I'm having
big boy food that's a Jack and Coke you
know I love that Jack coat my boy Scotty
gave it to me thanks Scotty Oh mood for
a Jack and Coke dad did you have fun
poor Willem with me I do yes you'll see
you'll see in the video I post that I
took dad with me for willing and we got
him shaken up a little bit in the front
seat it's funny cuz like when you're
going down the beach the ruts are so
deep from where everyone travels no one
makes their own path you know everyone
kind of travels the same path so when
you cross those paths
it's rocky bad a special treat my cousin
Angie on my dad's side and her husband
David are coming to hang out with us for
the rest of the for the rest of the
vacation I think it's finally time to
show off my juggling skills I got I got
a pretty good rhythm down and I want to
show you guys so I'm super proud of
myself I'm so proud Veronica hold the
camera you gotta hold the camera
everyone said you did really well thanks
I love you all right here we go oh no I
really I really got a lot better I think
we should move on to chainsaws Oh Jack
Daniels Tennessee whiskey so frosty
delicious tasty oh yeah
I'll drink that mm-hmm cadet frost and
it's my favorite way to drink Jack
strike from the freezer guys we only
have one more full day here one more
we've already drank a couple bottles of
Jack well I haven't really changed much
of any Jack because I've been sick it
feels so much better so let us let us
toast to this vacation even though I got
sick
we still managed to make the best of it
we got sunburns see my sunburn what'd
you get
yelled at by Sheriff
cheers to a great vacation
but the day is closing and I gotta tell
ya I've never been more depressed to see
the Sun go down this was one of the best
days that we've had so far I know but
you can see that you see the sky I know
the sun's back that way but the skies
this way but the wind is still water the
wind is still warm it's actually still
fairly decent the low tonight is only 60
degrees so I bet you it's probably 70
something right now but we had a lot of
fun a lot of fun at the beach today
usually we get to do that every single
day please I'm on arm oh my gosh and
look who we have here
Angie what are they hello
would you believe Scott and Lindsay
bailed on us already they straight went
to bed we're all down here playing pool
having a good time having a couple of
drinks it's gone Lindsay our life piece
they must have been real tired it was
hot out today I'll give max I got a
wicked sunburn it's gonna hurt me even
worse than shower tomorrow no I'm the
sheriff tonight do you care tonight
look at my Veronica she's so sleepy I
see you smiling she may have had one too
many
cranberry juices you never know but
anyway we tried to have as much fun
today as we possibly could it wasn't
hard the Sun was out it was beautiful
it's hot I got to wear shorts a t-shirt
and I got a sunburn and I feel great
ha you couldn't ask for anything else so
we are obviously about to hit the sack
that's all we can possibly give you guys
today thanks for hanging in there thanks
for rooting me on while I'm being sick
and gosh darn it just thank you for
being gladiators that's all we got today
guys we'll see you guys right back here
tomorrow
