this is kind of this is the kind of
friend I am I leave her vacation today
and I came over here first priority to
help Rome dog get this tank inside and
it's raining go figure
check this out dude let's go to climb
some skyscrapers brah
big old suction cups awesome alright
there it is that big old tank stuck in
Romans wall that was pretty heavy dude
400 pounds sieve imagine when that
thing's full of water bro 2,300 pounds
or something I gotta go on vacation
I'll miss you I'll miss you bro Wow have
fun in Tennessee there she is
are you ready for vacation yeah are you
ready are you ready for her to go on
vacation so the clock is winding down
we're getting ready to roll but first
it's raining outside first of all and
it's not gonna stop either there's huge
rain cloud so I'm going to treat the
windows but will front windshield with
rain-x this stuff is awesome if you guys
have never used rain-x and you drive a
car you need to get to know rain-x is
king who's ready to go to the beach okay
let's go everyone jump RIT excited
okay let's go to the beach everyone get
in the car let's go we got the car all
packed we're on our way to meet up with
my parents at their house and then we're
leaving from there so we got to go meet
up with them and then we're on the road
baby are you excited I am so excited to
show me excited I can't wait it's time
to load up month got live action baby
yeah let's go to the beach now well we
got a drive to a hotel tonight which
kind of sucks so usually we drive all
the way there but check-in is until
Sunday so we kind of have to wait kill
some time at a hotel tonight which is
fine are you ready guys yeah poor get to
deep in our travels we got to make sure
that these kids have eaten because I'm
not sure if I mentioned before but both
the boys and Veronica gets carsick
really easy
Ohio peace
weighs 14
I like how as soon as you've crossed the
bridge into West Virginia it's straight
trailer park right there straight
trailer park check it I wish I could
show you guys Charleston because it's
really pretty see anything
it's it's literally been raining all day
see
this is awful it's actually the worst
drive ever born West Virginia now
yeah one step closer to oh yeah we are
staying in a hotel for the night yeah
no no must be Nick man ladies and
gentlemen there's been an accident some
idiot forgot to put on their floaties
before they went to the pool today and
by pool I mean the roadways because it
is nasty
we're always water watch these cars do
what
with the wall boy this nasty oh that one
got it too
that's what happens when you go to the
pool and you don't put your floaties on
people daddy over here hey there fella
but do you think you woke up from your
nap now you're filming the PAS how the
mountains up there
we just now had to stop for gas we went
what 200 and some miles and we finally
had to get gas I still have about a half
a tank a little less this it's great
because the rain finally let off a
little bit so it's not raining very hard
so I noticed one of the things I hate at
a gas pump is when you have these little
nozzles you can't lock it up take your
gas cap and shove it under the handle so
I get automatic automatic thing or
knocker look at Walker this place just
turned into a madhouse
you're not getting food for days here
you guys doing this is my dad's room
look at this this almost looks exactly
like our room I've never had a more
stressful Drive it rained the whole way
hard and then it started getting foggy
you can only see like three feet in
front of you and these kids are actually
really good all of them really good boys
no yeah I got your blanket
I gotta edit the plug and get it
uploaded hopefully I asked the guy at
the front desk if the internet was good
and he said nope hopefully you guys are
watching this vlog by tomorrow morning
but I'll try my best that's gonna be
about it and we will catch you guys
tomorrow
