yo what's up guys so listen today we're
taking care of some last-minute stuff
before we leave for vacation and Carson
and I are at the auto parts store what
we have to do really is we need to do an
oil change on the Jeep because it's a
long drive we've got to make sure that
we got good clean fresh oil right yeah
yeah but get everything I need we got
some oil and oil filter we gotta get
this Jeep tip-top shape so we can drive
it to the beach
very tight down here but lucky for me I
have a Jeep so I don't really need to
jack it up this is the bolt we're after
right here at the end of the oil pan you
guys you guys have changed oil before
right I wanted to show you guys what I
was doing but first of all to really
tight squeeze me on there and I got oil
all over my hands so sorry but I got all
the oil drained now is the hard part
I'll try and show you the oil filter is
like stashed way up in here you probably
can't see it oh it's that white spot
right there right to the right side that
white thing I have just have to stick my
hand all up through these these tubes
and piping and stuff and loosen it with
my hands you can't get you can't get an
oil filter wrench up there it's
impossible this little thing right here
it it drains the oil away from all of
the other stuff so that it can like I
don't know it just helps it dream I
totally missed the shoot and I made a
huge mess there's all the nastiness all
that under the car stuff is done which
is my least favorite part and that's
what's left this is what your oil looks
like when it's way too past due yeah
that's so bad I don't think I've changed
the oil since the beginning of winter
now all we got to do is fill it with oil
the trick is to do this without spilling
a single drop
we're doing good and that my friends is
how you change your oil like a boss I
don't think in the jeep preparation
doesn't stop there we need to take it to
the car wash who's calling me what's
wrong we need to take the Jeep to the
car wash and vacuum it out I figured
since I'm going out in public I might as
well do my hair let's see how fast I can
do this ready that seems about right
let's go you ready to vacuum Carson and
the Jeep here we go I don't bright we
got the car all cleaned out all vacuumed
what do you think sit look good looks
really good really clean yeah we got to
spend quite a few hours in here so it
might as well be clean while we're while
we're in here let's go see Roman you and
go see Roman yeah
you can see Roman with me yeah but but
it's a little way a little wet daddy had
to uh thought we would just rinse it off
since I was there I just watched it the
other day so
just give it a good rinse she looks good
she's shiny I'm at Romans obviously and
I'm sitting here we've been here for
probably two hours maybe three and I
haven't vlogged not once you know why
though Roman what it's because I just
want to hang out I'm going on vacation
the point is I'm gonna be gone for a
whole week I'm just gonna miss you bro
I'm just cleaning little babies can you
fell in love instead of putting her in
the tub like responsible parent I put
him on the sink why you just throw them
in the dishwasher breath he has what
believe it or not he does that plug in
the dishwasher this is just a safe side
oh my god to blurt it I'm not gonna have
to blur his butt crack little cheeks I
cannot possibly sit idle any longer
Roman I'm sorry but I got a bro bro we
all went wrong I'm gone I'm going to the
beach where you going Nashville that's
when I stop Nashville Tennessee I've
come of them country singer I didn't
think he likes under wouldn't shut up I
will probably all right dude I'll
probably see you in the morning look at
this living room you guys veronica has
to lay everything else she's gonna
decide what she wants to take and this
there's no way that all of this is gonna
fit in the Jeep let alone that suitcase
not happening
we're not taking all that are we I don't
know are we gonna take it
please tell me we're not taking all that
if we take all those clothes we won't
have room for all my camera gear alright
guys so I'm down the basement and you
know what that means we're gonna close
out this vlog for today I've got a lot
of stuff to do still it's late the kids
are in bed and they're just there
they're dreaming right now
beaches and waves and sand and sunshine
I'll tell you what I hope it's that nice
so the next time you see me we will be
driving to the beach yes I can't wait I
love the Outer Banks it's such a
wonderful place it's beautiful it's the
beach I know it's not gonna be hot but
it's still gonna be super super super
fun so you guys are coming with me and I
can't wait to show you you know what we
do when we do how we do all right guys
that's it for today I will see all of
you right back here come on
