here we are guys the great city of
Cincinnati
good morning by the way it's been two
hours on the road so far I'm still
zombie Gilroy I still don't know what
exactly we're filming today but since
it's Dennis I know it's gonna be a
feel-good video Dennis Hoy's does is
really cool feel-good videos and it's
always a pleasure to be part of that you
know so let's go make sure dennis is
alive up and run oh good morning
homemade
they still have no hair Denis saw listen
I'm taking it I'm taking a piss in the
bathroom and I look up on the shelf and
there sits hair gel
pomade like you don't have any hair to
the temple of Diddy yeah I like it
that's cool so Traci and I had to go to
Dennis's buddy's house to get a battery
for the camera
and while battery charger and she took
me to a street that kind of gets me
feeling like I'm in a pack of
fruityloops gone so we got like a purple
house and a blue house and a red house
and another blue house oh look that
one's got orange stairs I've never seen
anything like this where are we where
are we tracing hi Columbia Columbia
tusculum so we're cruising Cincinnati
trying to film this really cool dirty
deed video for Dennis's channel it's not
happy ending on this one it's a dirty
deed it's a dirty prank yeah it's like
they get all hyped up and excited I
can't tell you exactly why yet because
the video isn't out but they're gonna
get all excited and then they're gonna
and then they're gonna try and like
redeem and then it's just gonna be a big
giant letdown yeah basically they think
they want a lot of money and then they
don't but they don't the complete
opposite of
of the other pranks that even seen
lately words like we make them feel real
crazy at first and then we surprise him
at the end that's happy ending this is a
real happy upfront set there he goes
never fails man every time we film one
of us never fails one of us has to take
a poop that's a wrap Rock it's a wrap on
our video priceless
they were so high dude those guys I
don't think I think you should have
pants they were hanging so low I figured
I should yeah they were laughing so hard
this guy buddy's because he's so stupid
man he's so stupid
look over here guys this is the Ohio
River
Kentucky's right across that river over
Ohio Kentucky Tom ableism yeah that
was so hard I think I've spent three
days on this video
you know huh it's like this is like back
in the day old school video pranks that
we used to do back in the day would take
like three days because it's so
difficult to get somebody to do
something right like I said it's just
like fishing and then when they do get
it when they do pick it up they do pick
it up they don't do what you like there
was probably what three or four
different tanks
where the person was just like okay cool
I mean as I think if it was me I'd be
way more hyped like the last dude
oh yeah what people just aren't that
energetic anymore they they're not
they're just shooting that's probably
because they've been so many pranks
going on everywhere they'd find a guy or
whatever so happy you came
baby and then you brighter boys your
whole team with you the gladiators yeah
the gladiators representing you know we
always have a lot of fun when we come to
film with Roman and Denis some fun guys
how can you not have fun do it we're all
gonna be looking for it everyone's
waiting Sunday you heard it all quarks
then it's miss drink a lot of wine these
corks on this freak man cool create
handmade merry
a cork and a toothpick nice that's a
really cool man
now these these are them wall grapes
we've seen yard grapes we solve shelf
grapes and I got these wall grapes this
grapes are everywhere dude I don't eat
those grapes man I don't need to have
one no I can't drink and drive I'm gonna
be responsible very seat belt
I will wear my seat belt always gonna
wear my seat belt
well that's a wrap one today on filming
anyway I gotta go catch the boys the
boys have t-ball practice today
the very first one for this year mm-hmm
I'm excited they love t-ball dude you
still love t-ball ah makes me feel good
that was a golf swing bro all right man
I'm out he's gonna see you home a little
Alex Mandel action all right man adios
here we go back on the road it's two
hours
two hours I will have driven over 200
miles today
just to go film with my boy Danny
remember how I said my biggest fear was
height right on my way home you'll find
this place right here I don't know if
you can see it
that's Kings Island
the 20 ride them there roller coaster
man
you will not find me back Kings on
that's for damn sure
here we are back to my neck of the woods
the boys are having a t-ball practice
here somewhere
you'll find them I found hey boy Oh
buddy buddy how's it going oh you're
doing good bud so this is the boys
second year playing t-ball they play
t-ball for the first year last year and
I gotta tell you you guys are gonna see
some complete randomness my kids love to
be out there just not paying attention
at all playing in the dirt Collin be
playing in the dirt
Carson be looking up at the sky like
whoo what's that Collins like what what
do i do what do I do
ready Carson go cars ago go car sir
good job dude what do you think did you
have fun well super awesome you were
awesome out there dude
yeah high fives for everyone good job
buddy
you're gonna be a professional baseball
player someday aren't you yeah yeah
alright let's go home
what's my responsibilities see I'm a
film guy during the day and when the Sun
Goes Down I'm a father man Jordan err
just put the stuff that's in the washer
and the dryer that's it
easy as that and get your clothes ready
easy as cherry pie with whipped cream
Carson did you get a new bed oh that's a
really nice bed Bodhi Julianne Carson
has found himself a new bed in our in
our suitcase that's really nice man
believe it or not all of the clothes
that we need for for a week's vacation
fits inside that suitcase you believe
that so this is probably the we're
packing the suitcase right now and this
is probably the most important thing
that we have to take with us I mean you
always have to take at least this it's
just a Carson scare you know you're
gonna scare me it's gonna scared all
right here let me okay let me close it
oh I'm sorry
so Veronica I guess has been packing a
suitcase huh I wonder what she put in
there man
do you know what she put in there Del's
Oh seems like there's something in there
man it's heavy
Oh what is in there Oh scary dude I
wanna vlog corn scaring you all right
here
all right Carson's got the camera all
right take two take number two take two
take two okay
all right ready what is in there I
wonder what's in here do you know what's
a yellow what do you think dad heavy
oh my god oh wow wee man Colin you
really scared me dude you scared daddy
really bad yeah ladies and gentlemen I
have a very special surprise look who
came home early my lovely wife how did
you get out of work
just let me go they let you go pretty
fired we watched the movie uh was it
frozen the boys wanted to see the Disney
movie frozen so I rented it for him and
I gotta say there is an awful lot of
singing in that movie it's a musical it
isn't mean actually I wanted to watch
the movie whoa whoa Wow
yeah was definitely enjoyed it as well
it was girly girly movie seriously
we are gonna go to sleep because it's
late and we've got a lot to do tomorrow
because Saturday after
we go to the beach even though it's only
gonna be like a high of 60 mid 60 okay
you don't care I don't care I'm really
excited to go to the beach because it's
just a chance to sit and relax and hang
out with my family my wife and my kids
and my mom and dad and my buddy Scott
and Lindsay and their families going so
we're gonna get some rest I'm in
Veronica yes yeah we need some rest
hi guys that does it for today we'll see
you right back here tomorrow
