guys okay welcome to the vlog I hope you
guys are feeling great I am still about
70 percent I'm out of time and I'll
summarize what I did yesterday but we
have like six minutes to leave to go to
Madison's sweet 16 birthday party so
we're going to go celebrate and support
her for her sweet 16 I know that special
milestone for you lady so uh so yeah
let's uh we gotta go what are you gonna
do you can sing happy birthday look at
your baby oh hi honey how are you feelin
yeah it's tired so last night I didn't
really feel the greatest yesterday but
you guys know Matt my buddy Matt he he
wanted to go and attempt a st. Patrick's
Day prank and I was all for it
and we we tried to pull it off as you
saw in yesterday's upload but it didn't
go so well so so we were up late trying
to make that happen and so we're getting
a really slow start today how are you
feeling today buddy good give me a
high-five double high-five
Colin you ready to go to the birthday
party yeah okay how you feeling today
good good how how did you do it how did
you get so cute Liza
yeah it's Madison birthday yeah okay so
I had to run into four to get Maddie a
birthday card mm-hmm
it's so hard trying to find a car
you get something simple order to get
something funny
that is a funny girl so she wanted me to
get some silly string as well but I do
not see any Felix and I did find this if
the air horn wall has to work for
surprise proper name for a birthday
party right I'm just I just want to make
very sure that right now as I express my
dismay for our current climate okay all
the days that is Nancy
I will alternatively express my absolute
and purest joy when the Sun comes out
and the weather is beautiful I can't
wear this just like this it's like
torture
well we can't let that get us down
because it's a happy day
it is young Madison sweet 16 birthday
party what did you do for your sweet 16
my three sixteen what did you do for
your sweet 16 and cake and ice cream
birthday at my house some things we did
anything special really what I might
remember seeing on MTV they had been
yeah my super sweet 16 TV shows and all
these family says just went insanely
crazy for sweet 16 birthday we in here
drop little and there's little girl
there's a that's miss Tessa all right
that's a younger Tessa not quite as
crazy as myself you guys now
but Maddy has the skill to be 16 okay is
it seriously you're not lying okay
she's - Maddy look at all these people
you got here this is a crazy party where
we just had pizza and to drink we have
Pepsi serious stuff here what about the
view
are you ready for kidnapping I promise I
won't put any cake in your face that
that's overrated no German Shepherd
Pauline oh my god you good I'm good cake
mom okay she had backwards thing ago 61
I'm up and Doc reminded me that I wasn't
blogging great for cake and ice cream
I'm not gonna put cake on there from she
is literally here it's not any cold she
says on you
question 18 Ryan got mad at me our first
hard worker birthday hi I couldn't
believe it when he said it but then he
pulled it out and showed madyun we'll
look it's her first car right there it's
a Camaro - it's super nice kind of blow
well you gotta be careful you know you
teens and driving pretty dangerous - oh
here we go here we go
the kids just came inside and got me was
like check out this port we built I like
that you guys are playing outside
instead of inside on video games that's
epic
look at this did you guys should be on
Survivor man you would totally survive
although your roof needs a little bit of
work it's got a couple holes you can't
just pull that down you need a we need a
saw or something nothing to go guys not
going to go it's not it son gullible
yeah I know that's not a word foreplay
oh thank you
what would you have to get cat feet feet
count good paper towel go blow your nose
did you get a long enough piece we get
tired lies that we spent all day over
there huh
did you have fun playing Gavin herzman
yeah you do you know
yes
your zoo tried needs answers
we got a very late start today because
uh we were we were up super late last
night so
tufting ago that's worded and up
Oh
- Liza look at me look at me your hair
man check out her pigtails and that is
Benji right good alright come on boys
lies all acetal all bet I ended up
fixing just a big pan of french fries
and chicken fries and a big scene
ketchup hey Liza why don't you tell
Bobby you're sorry
give him a hug Sam sorry there you go
you got love Bobby Liza Jew guy stinky
feet thank you but we have stinky feet
angels singing breath okay would you
believe that I'm outside in the office
it was like 11:00 something and I
actually was like you know there might
be some kind of video here so you didn't
see me post when I said I was gonna vote
because I feel like instead of a fail we
might actually have unfunny like video I
don't know
so long story short I fell asleep on my
desk with my head in my hand like that
and here we are
get ready for church so I'm good enough
for church I go yeah so my intention was
to edit together a failed video for what
we shot for scene Patrick's Day but it
turned out like after I got footage in I
feel like I feel like there's actually a
video there it's a little short and we
didn't give that many reactions because
the particular location didn't have
rooming people but I feel like there's
there was something there so I hope you
guys
check it out and don't be overly
critical of it it was just a fun time
with an experienced prankster so to
speak and I think it turned out pretty
funny actually
Wow look at you
what's this I'm ballerina hey help
yeah looks nice so yeah I'm thinking
that's where I'm going to leave it for
today so I have to crazy much to edit
I'm going to try and get both of those
videos up today and just let me know
what you think don't get too crazy in
the comments guys it's stuff it's just a
prank bro alright guys that is where
we'll leave for today I wanna say thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here mark
