good morning guys how are you today how
was everyone I hope you're doing well
cuz I'm doing well too gettin amped up
to go on vacation we've got a lot of
stuff to do before we go you know what
really sucks and we're going to the
beach I won't tell you what Beach yet
but hopefully it's warm enough at the
beach to be able to swim I don't know if
it's gonna be I really don't I know in
Ohio it's sunny
but it's not warm it's like 34 degrees
that is the high and that sucks because
it's the end of March so since I have a
history of bailing people out huh I came
down here to give the girls a hand
because they are overrun which is great
ready right Brown good yeah
wait look at me smile smile cuz you're
in the smile war store how about you
Brittany are you smiling look they are
smiling is such a happy work environment
since all the boys want to play with
Minecraft toys where we've only got one
diamond sword and one diamond pickaxe
we're gonna have to build one for
everyone so that everyone's got one
cuz these kids they they really don't
know how to share very well so now
everyone's gonna have a cardboard
diamond sword and diamond pickaxe
who wants who wants one I said who wants
one that's more like it
alright here we go we gotta outline our
sword and we got to be really clever
with all these creases in the cardboard
right cuz we don't want it to bend are
you gonna do it okay yeah
give me the outline yeah nice and
precise this will be known as the
bathroom pickaxe you should add a
plunger in Minecraft you could stick it
to walk if you have it in your hand you
could climb up walls alright there's our
outline outline outline now we're just
gonna cut it now remember kids don't you
scissors without mom and dad here we go
pickaxe number one what do you think
does it work
it'll work
perfect Oh more that's how you fabricate
smiles everyone that is how you
fabricate smiles we think you like it a
little shorter but this is the Minecraft
knife sword knife looks pretty good
enjoy it took 5 hours of hard labor to
make that stupid cardboard thing I like
the spin use no no no no that's cool
stone pickaxe redstone so as I'm down
here helping Veronica with orders it
makes me humble to think back when when
this very first started they were
writing all of these envelopes all the
addresses by hand which is crazy to
think because they look at this stack
can you imagine writing all of those
envelopes by hand okay I couldn't even
imagine so after working so many long
hours downstairs a hos got to eat what
do we have my pizza cottage that was
delicious how was your pizza cottage
yeah now it's time to get back to work
and go back downstairs we can't be
messing around I'm on we're gonna make
this happen we just finished all the
massive amounts of orders that are
downstairs and now it's time to round to
kids because we got a roll hey boys
yeah we gotta go home and get baths and
get ready for bed oh well maybe no we're
going home we're going home we're going
home you don't leave without me cuz I
got the keys I can't take this I've been
at Romans all day he made me stay he
changed me to the desk downstairs and
told me I wasn't allowed to leave until
all these orders were done we succeeded
you guys are gonna be so hey I want to
see over 600 new photos of people with
smile more shirts small more stickers
and smile more toothbrushes and smile
more tattoos and smile more silicone
bracelets and smile more thongs
I got your background music big smile
more smile more smile more smile more
it's a smile more store take me out
massive fill I'm out here I love you
peace bye Brittany alright guys so I'm
in my favorite place to close out my
vlogs which is downstairs in the
basement when everyone else is asleep
and a little while ago I tweeted out
that I wanted you to ask me a question
ask me anything and then I would put you
at the end of the vlog and answer some
questions for the end of the vlog so
here we go I wanted to start with GTA v
player
why did you start to vlog I started the
vlog because I have a passion for doing
video and it and I want to also like I
think would be really cool for the kids
my kids
once I get older or heaven forbid say
once I die the kids are gonna be able to
look on this YouTube channel and they'll
be able to catch up with me through
everything that I've done ever since I
started vlogging which i think is really
cool it's kind of a video diary for them
for the future and they'll be able to
see there ahead when when they were kids
which I I don't know I've never had that
I don't even know my real dad so I think
it's really awesome that they're gonna
be able to look back on this and say
that's my dad even if I'm not you know
even if I'm not here anymore
Karen Campbell wants to know how old are
your sons they're adorable by the way
yes I agree they are adorable they take
after me haha they are five and six
Colin is six and Carson is five ramen at
in ramen who dated one of the sisters
first and introduced the other one to
the other sister so I started dating
Veronica
first and we were dating for a long time
and then Roman became available and I
introduced him to Brittany so it is
because of me that Roman and Brittany
are together that's my fault
this is awesome what is your biggest
fear my biggest fear would have to be
Heights I recently just got on an
airplane for the very first time when I
flew to LA this was before I started
vlogging
I flew to LA with Roman and it was it
was awesome to be honest I loved it even
though I'm deathly afraid of heights
like I hate roller coasters I won't ride
another roller coaster I did ride one
and I hated it so but Heights is my
biggest fear Samantha brown wants to
know did you and Roman sign that sticker
that you said you would sign yes
Samantha you signed a sticker for you
it's on the way this is a fun one little
bubble I've he goes if you could eat
only one thing for the rest of your life
what would it be
I'm gonna say even though I know it's
not good for me Doritos
I love dorita I could eat Doritos all
day
all right this is a question that that
we all get a lot and that's it says
usernames insert name here insert a name
here he wants to know what camera do you
use for your amazing vlogs thank you
buddy we use the Canon PowerShot ELPH
330 HS it's the Canon PowerShot ELPH 330
HS it's a 1080p video it's it fits in
your pocket it's perfect for vlogging
perfect alright alright
Sam Spade 2909 will you guys be doing
special vlogs at any point for example
family challenges slash vacations or a
draw my life I don't really know what a
draw my life is I'll look into it but
yeah we're going on vacation
at the end of this week so and I'm
bringing you guys with me so we're gonna
have a lot of fun it's a beach vacation
I don't know how warm it's gonna be but
either way it's gonna be fun I'm gonna
make it fun that's for sure I hope I
hope I answered your questions if I
didn't we'll get to you next time
that's probably gonna do it for today
everyone else is upstairs to sleep so
thanks you guys so much for watching me
I can't wait to take you all on vacation
it's gonna be a blast and just just for
a heads up I have a lot of stuff to do
tomorrow and I'm probably not going to
be able to I'm probably not going to be
able to put up a vlog on
Wednesday no yeah I probably won't be
able to put up a vlog on Wednesday
because I have so much to do tomorrow so
please bear with me I I'm trying to get
everything done so we can get out of
here and go on vacation I promise it's
gonna be worth it all right guys that's
all I got for you I won't see you
tomorrow but I'll see you the next day
hang in there
I'll be right back don't miss me see you
later
