what up guys good morning starting my
day in the car like I except it's not my
car this time it's Romans car
Romans messy-ass already asked our route
we have to go to NBC for because they
want to talk to Roman apparently he's
been caught stealing underwear out of
random girls as drawers again and it
happens actually at our office it
happens more than you think I can
understand I used to do that too but
then I graduated oh look there's Dennis
hello NBC studio you're gonna you guys
you're gonna get punched out what do you
think girl me face with some silly
string she's gonna be on now on NBC for
Monday early morning stabbing and
Hillier chin sends one woman to that's
very good
look it's a cliff come back tune in next
time at these commercial breaks this is
kind of cool man we get to see the
entire newsroom right this is how they
do the news oh jeez Romans over there
silly string of people I'm packing it
for Roman I feel like I came to a gun
fight with a knife bro I don't have
anything oh you're crazy well this is
what Paul Brandt does every morning it
looks to himself and says I am beautiful
it's already a beautiful thing just look
in the mirror and said to myself every
day it's a beautiful thing
a brain you got to make sure you look
good you guys look good here camera I
think I can control what you see for
midday or early morning stabbing at a
hill near Jim send what woman at the
hospital and we have new information on
that story coming up
plus winter is wipe it down today will
mark the first day of spring
pushing gray skies overhead one of these
days I'm Allen show somebody's just
gonna keel over and die
this is gonna be me in another 30 years
instead of Wendy's or McDonald's or
anything bad today decided to go down on
the farm I'm going crazy over this bro
that's my favorite farm in the whole
world man
this looks like it's my scene from the
Titanic the old-school Roman and
dentists are doing a photo shoot for a
local magazine so er I just get to watch
I just watch a lot watch a lot of stuff
you're gonna be your stepping down or
step in are double my ass double and
step in dummy
you gotta be my ass double dude that's
easy
it's pretty awesome a lot of pictures
online but it was a Masonic Temple so
we're in a place called the Columbus
Athan ium and look at this this it's
from the 1920s it's so old
through this balcony here hold on watch
this imagine this place packed full of
people dude so this is what it comes
down to you guys Gilroy doubles as a
light stand I mean I'm really good at it
just look at me it's one of my favorite
things to see right there
other than a chicken with you man you
guys can't wait to see Tennessee down
some chicken wings
so the gee-pole cutter this time guys we
had to get a way to get a van at $20 is
way wrong completely faking gay right
one now we're building shelves for the
store we got we got a buttload of shirts
in and we have to build shelves because
the girls are tired of working in these
buckets we don't have enough buckets for
all these shirts in we have been folding
shirts for literally seven hours that's
why we don't have a video today guys
we've been slaving away in this store
has stopped I'm just kidding we've been
folding shirts forever and that's all we
got we just got all these shelves in
here we're getting a smile more store
completely organizing you know what that
means faster shipping so you guys don't
have to wait very long to get your
shipping we're getting this dialed in
I'll tell you that oh it's so good to be
home it's late look at this 12:30 and I
finally get to go home
we're Dallas is waiting on me my bro
Dallas my lovely wife
that's her chair she always sits in that
chair we need to get her a pink one what
do you think yeah that's a really nice
shirt ego thanks I like that we had
we've been really busy all day today
with interviews and photo shoots and
it's just been a really eventful past
couple days so that's why we did not
have a vlog for yesterday by the time
you see this as we yesterday so when you
watch this one you will already have
seen that I put up a double header so
make sure you go watch the other video
I'm putting up two today so watch that
one I show you guys how to make some
pasta
and you know it was fun was I I didn't
really have a whole lot to do so I just
came home and made dinner and showed you
guys how to make it we got to get up
early again tomorrow because we have a
very epic prank planned and you I'll
tell you what you'll never see someone
crap their pants so much as you will for
tomorrow's video it's gonna be crazy I
will see you all back here tomorrow
