go figure we've got something planned
today and it's gonna rain it never fails
that's why we love Ohio Oh too slow wait
try again
Oh too slow dragon oh you got me down Oh
to the side
Oh too slow this is the most exciting
part of our day right now is that we're
just playing with Dallas's balls
oh my ball my ball is my mouse I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get it before we can
play we have to do some things we got to
get some sordid weapon number one we've
got to go see mommy before she goes to
work number two we've gotta go get some
groceries for dinner dude every kid's
dream it's goofy
they actually love that cart that little
shopping cart you know if the looks like
a car yeah aren't you excited to go to
the store thanks for hanging out with
himself
we're gonna leave you here with Mama
right mama you and Alice gonna have a
candlelit dinner I'll bet she would love
that
I love that you're pumping up your tire
what role do you want me to do with a
bicycle pump it's all I got
see you later
Branka has to work tonight again that's
why you guys don't see her because when
she has to work she sleeps during the
day and then she wakes up and goes to
work at night yep everyone was wondering
about you like where are you and why
don't they see you
that's because underneath underneath
this blue uniform
it says Wonder Woman okay
she wears leotards say Wonder Woman what
is this onion what's this damn what's
this
I don't know you don't know avocado what
is this
think it fish but no thanks
it's a pufferfish yeah no thanks
actually it says horned melon you
unbirthday it's pretty sure what is this
five
five veneers you like bananas huh yeah
I'll let you have this okay
maybe it would blow the other Susie's I
should get sushi yeah this isn't real
sushi though
that looks good let's see if you guys
can guess what I'm making for dinner
tonight getting bread tomato pesto penne
pasta mozzarella cheddar cheese
raspberry cheesecake flavor toaster
strudel I gotta have that I gotta have
two of that so we got everything we need
to make a beautiful Italian dinner have
you guessed so we're making yet
wonderful still Oh lunch of all you
weren't scared calm yeah all three of us
pass
ah alright so for dinner tonight
gilroys gonna make something really
really good but I love Italian food so I
love eating pasta so we're gonna make
its a penne pasta bake with cheese and
then I'm gonna have bruschetta these
little bread bites these little bread
slices with mozzarella and sun-ripened
dried tomato pesto it's gonna be the
bomb calm and I'm gonna show you guys
how I make it because that's what's up
first it's the bruschetta I got to get
that in the oven first because it needs
to bake and that's kind of like our
appetizer you got to preheat the oven to
325 325 now you want to lay out your
bread slices on your baking sheet right
if you get those all laid out you got to
put on your pesto bowls usually you can
get like fresh mozzarella in a tub and
it comes in one big bowl you can just
peel it apart but I got these little
mozzarella balls because they were
cheaper and they're already seasoned so
all we got to do is just cut them in
half or he's gonna cut them in half and
then put them on top of me on top of the
bread
now keep in mind mozzarella balls they
don't really melt like regular cheese
they will get a little brown on top if
at all you just want to see it kind of
flatten out and that's how they look
ready to go in I'm not even gonna claim
to know how long to bacon for I just
keep my eye on I'd start with like mom
I'd start off like six minutes maybe it
is bread now the first step for the
pasta part of it is we got to get the
water boiling which it is and then you
just got a boil your noodles move all
them shits right now those noodles are
hard you want to boil them to their limp
REO Lin all right here we go
oh yeah that's that cheese melted
bruschetta goodness all right Dallas you
ready to try this
Dallas has never ever had for ever
are you ready sure how do you watch
ready cheers mate
hi guys
there you go dad is so sure try one you
want one okay let's do this little one
this has the least amount of tomato
sauce on it that's cheese on top and
that's like pizza sauce kind of it's
like a small pizza you got the whole
cheese what do you think yeah it's
really good
the noodles are done they're nice and
floppy flip-floppy we got straining
Czar's gonna put the noodles in this big
dish right and then we're gonna fill it
with the sauce put the sauce and the
cheese all in there mix it up and then
put a really nice layer of cheese on top
you got it like that I just like it
dang Dallas you ate it all 20 minutes
later and this is what we got it's too
hot but it's ready oh that's delicious
I better close this out before I end up
fast asleep in my in my chair while
editing the vlog so I want to say good
night and also by the time we wake up
tomorrow
well today we should have thirty
thousand subscribers which is
amazing big shout out to all those Roman
soldiers out there because I know a lot
of you are here from Roman and I want to
thank you so much I can't wait to see
everyone right back here tomorrow
