what's up guys
malate and up early today we're going to
film with Roman which I'm super excited
about because even gone forever
and we're being pulled over already can
you believe this pulled over already
what did you even do but have been that
uh Tokyo Drift I did
Dale Earnhardt jr. Roman hat were here
apparently is driving 47 in a 35 that's
criminal activity right here cooking
that's like I think he's more pissed off
that you caught him eating a donut
that's like OJ trial oh you got the
leather glove back there yeah I could
have swore that there was a blue van
over by that yellow station wagon with
the green the green flying dragons I
don't know where you're talking about
there's none more obviously there's no
Green Dragons for you soon so we've had
to make quite a few pit stops before we
could even start filming today we got
some new products coming you guys I
promised you a few videos ago that we'd
have a new product by the 21st
by my records we're early so get excited
oh I'm going to show you right now one
of the new products I got it on my
wrists right now hold on the most
requested product for the last six
months uber requested and it's really
awesome you guys
I know you want one smile more
wristbands I know they want you to put
your seat belt on too right now now I
think we're gonna go do some actual
filming yes we're just gonna mess around
with some people we're gonna we're going
to promote promote this montemor store
by making people smile I love it I love
it
this is what I'm talking about man like
it's sunny it's nice out we're filming
and I'm with Roman why is this this
right here what you see on my face this
is happy Gilroy it doesn't look very
different from normal Gilroy or sad
Gilroy or excited Gilroy looks like that
one day we can be arrested the next day
we can be given homeless people I am
having fun that's what I like about us
very hard to figure out they're
criminals they liked it they like to
make crimes and the other person is like
yeah they help the homeless and they
help families need who are these guys so
we're done we're done then ah I want to
work all day every day all day every day
Gilroy likes to work I'm gonna go home
put products on the website oh okay
Roman just dropped me off in the boys
are out here playing on the trampoline
say hi cars and don't touch me or shock
me
what you got hey let's see your front
flip back let's see it go Oh close and
you do a front flip your front flip
let's see it
cameras rollin bro go down okay oh my
god
all right you did it I can't do it back
dude do it just try hope you I can't do
them to y'all Kerrigan's gonna do a back
flip
what's up guys get off the side that's
cheatin no up in the air
you can't use your hands what did I used
to be in cheerleading like ever
that's great I didn't know they did
backflips in cheerleading all right
Carson do it go yeah you can do it
you always have to retry so I got the
Brittany Oh in front of the lights hold
on it's so Brad you disappear you're not
even tan we're shooting the smile more
the beautiful smile more tattoo look on
tattoo now that we shot a thousand
pictures of Britney because she couldn't
get right person thought he would take
some pictures too what are you shooting
Bubba
okay poor little Colin flower little
Colin I'm so sleepy
it's only eight o'clock and look here's
a little Carson he's pretending to be
asleep no I'm tired are you sleeping
nuts hey tree tears look sleepy
even though Roman gets to go home go to
sleep I still have tons of work to do
called it okay because haha kids bro
yeah me too this one's gotta get bed man
thanks for your pears and efforts yeah
everything we did you see in the ball
yes oh my balls I gotta go
alright man now that I shot all those
incredible photos only two of them get
to make the cut one for each the
bracelet and the one other one for the
tattoos get yourself a silicone bracelet
and a smile more temporary tattoo you'd
only be doing yourself a favor really I
mean really
twelve O'Clock rolled around so much
sooner than I could ever have imagined I
finished all the product shots for the
for the new wristbands and the tattoos
so you guys by the time you watch this
video you should be able to go to Rome
in a calm and buy them I know a lot of
you guys have been asking for them so
now you got them I am going to bed I
will see all you guys tomorrow
