we've got some catching up to do and I'm
actually working on some video editing
right now but I wanted to kind of do
like since I didn't upload this weekend
I had some things going on and I wanted
to I wanted to bring you up to speed so
so Saturday we're gonna show you some
Saturday stuff I went out with Scott and
Lindsay and we had we had a couple
drinks and it was a good time it was fun
while I'm working on this where you guys
take a look at my Saturday night I'm
gonna go hang out with Scott tonight I
don't
Veronica's at work and I really don't
have a whole lot to do so let's see what
kind of trouble I can get into guys
welcome to Scott's mancave this is
Scotty's man cave right here a KA the
workout room aka the tool bench
aka garage you gotta have that heat
because it's chilly it's quite chilly
out here
it was nice today a little windy but
pretty nice I can't wait till it gets to
be like 70 degrees now I can wear my
flag shorts and no jacket show off my
chicken arms haha
so what's Lindsay gonna do with that oh
she makes signs out of old barn wood for
people oh yeah
okay are not beasts up let's hear some
boy yeah cos I like butter I want to see
some magic on there oh this is what you
make over here this is what her signs
look like on wood
that's pretty man who's Carter who is
Carter baby oh okay okay there's a kid
that uh he's related to Lindsey's step
parents his best friend's something like
that he's playing music at one of the
local bars and we're gonna go we're
gonna go we're all gonna go you two
yeah I think that flashing light means
it's time to go ah
let's get guys we're gonna we're gonna
have some drinks tonight so check this
out guys we're at the beach over in the
middle of nowhere it's time to start
drinking
all right beer back two seconds here I
gotta find a song cheers cheers Cheers
this is Doug right here it's a good
friend of mine what's funny right I know
what you're thinking man Gilroy you
can't you can't really drink very much
which is true because I'm a family man
now I don't I don't usually go out and
get wasted all the time we're enjoying a
little bit a little bit of breakfast
yeah but mommy is asleep mommy is asleep
she needs to get her rest but thankfully
mommy doesn't have to work tonight and
it's my buddy Chad's no it's st.
Patrick's Day and it's my buddy Chad's
birthday so he wanted to hang out with
us today so we're gonna do that
yesterday was my baby sister's baby
shower so we went to that and it's kind
of weird that guys were invited too
which is not normal but we went and we
had a good time okay you're all done
oh you clean plate good work I like it
while I eat I want you guys to check out
the time that was spent at the baby
shower
typically guys don't ever go to baby
showers so I've never really seen
anything like this
gosh you made that right back
oh well we'll go check out that cake
here in just a minute it's nothing just
seen it I'm not eat it this is the kind
of games that they play at baby showers
look at all
give me something sharp my first
someone's bubble right now baby killer
so this is the humor of my family my
brother Josh made this special cake just
for Amanda's baby shower
this is a cake representation of someone
it's like giving birth he's got a beard
too because the Jake's gonna you know
he's got you shaved today talk about a
person
all right so we're all caught up now
we're gonna continue with the present
day right now me no st. Patty's Day
we're gonna go to my brothers and meet
up with Chad and Sonny we're gonna hang
out with them for Chad's birthday / st.
Patrick's Day don't worry guys I'm not
gonna drink tonight all right Dallas
thanks buddy
no old Dallas is gonna watch the kids
tonight so we can go out Dallas your
always got you always got my back bro I
love it I love it so josh is a master
chef
he made a dinner fit for king crab
tonight we got here pepperoni pizza OH&S
plain cheese I don't like playing shoes
oh you're only three years old
only three get off that damn foam boy we
decided that well Chad decided that
we're gonna play Pictionary but we don't
have pictionary and any intuitive person
would just simply make their own try
gonna grab that okay that's what a
Giudice it's I don't know dude
let me see put it in put it in the end
here look here look I can barely read it
here's a guitar pick yeah this game is
100% engineered out of all these
different parts that we can find so we
have to draw a game board we're using
picks for the game pieces
it's the Pick of Destiny you've seen him
before random dice from who God who
knows where where that came from
and we're getting all the words from the
cell phone so it's time to play
Pictionary oh we did have the actual we
didn't make the construction paper we
don't we don't make construction paper
you should host your birthday I just
draw so three space below and one of the
Pick of Destiny
hotdog bucket it's a pot to pot it's a
cauldron it's a it's a basket Hetal mop
yes turn the roll oh great that's our
word you're on tree pencil eraser top
pen clicker eraser hamburger okay
kik-kik beautiful artwork marriage
family stick figure for mother father
but boy baby sorry uh uh mom dad father
kids child family small bottle chug milk
poison yup got it okay
it's a Wolverine that's minimus long
nails
Freddy Kreuger
scared to triggers balls pretty good
your mask to mask it says cowboy hold on
hold on baby it's a dead sleep you know
no letters nightmare I don't know which
way to go with this but I'm gonna go
from person running somersault skating
injury-in-fact broken leg broken broken
thigh pulled muscle strain pull muscle
strain it's a twist of the strange
clouds
it's a cramp oh it was either the like
track-and-field the running guy or I was
gonna try and draw a woman and had
cramps but I didn't know how to really
progress through that series of drugs
are you switching Sun Moon stars Dalek
outside nature running around roses dead
baby
really that's a fishing fish swordfish
swordfish but that was so much fun guys
hey if you ever get a chance to get
together with your friends and play some
pictionary you're never gonna have a
greater time let me tell you what makes
me so happy I wanna have I had happy
birthday dude I enjoy your day sleep in
you you guys be careful
somethings perkily sushi she hasn't
drank her anything at all so she's good
hey thanks for having fun with us dude
adios yeah see you tomorrow
so we're back home now that was so much
fun pictionary I can't even believe that
that was brought up developed and then
played as so
much fun thanks Dallas for keeping the
kids for me dude thanks baby
thanks bro were they good yeah they're
really good they're angels they're
little labels oh no I know you're lying
what the hell did you get into I guess
that about does it for today that this
brings us up to current so you saw my
weekend the bar the baby shower and then
today was Chad's birthday slash st.
Patrick's Day happy st. Patrick's Day
again I'm sorry that I didn't get to
vlog over the weekend had a lot of stuff
that I needed to catch up on so I hope
you guys forgive me for and I have to
get stuff done I still have to make
money so that about does it for today
guys I'll see you tomorrow I promise
