good morning gladiators right ears
nicely I honestly just wanted to try
that on for size how's it sound it sound
good I think it's got a ring to it
it's four o'clock why am I just picking
up my camera what
it's your guys's fall kept me up late
last night on a mangle chattin old
kitten so we're going to Hobby Lobby
right now to pick up some vinyl Veronica
does this thing she's got one of those
crickets it's like a die-cutting machine
and we're gonna go to my brother's house
and basically do some vinyl wall art you
call it right just gonna make some
sayings they they go on the wall for my
brother's uh on the way baby
Veronica's artsy like that she's really
artsy don't try try harder be exciting
for a second ready go
do something exciting Hobby Lobby this
is where you go if you need craft
supplies everything in here is like
artsy craftsy it's kind of cool look at
it we'll get all the crazy stuff all the
crazy stuff in here Colin this place
probably has the most breakable Shelby I
worry about these boys walking around
here cuz they're gonna bump a shelf and
knock the whole thing over well what
what is it
they're bookends okay yeah you put your
books in between them and then they'll
stay standing up yeah are you trying to
think about cheating these things right
here is essentially what she's doing
right vinyl wall art but she has the
machine that you can use to customize
your own message it's called the Cricut
you
ah that reminds me of none other than
mr. Alex Mandel man I wish I had a
mustache like that not really
I do good without any facial hair I
couldn't even grow facial hair if I want
it
oh yeah that's where we're going soon
free-speech beach beach beach beach help
cheer ladies and gentlemen we have a
rare breed of shelf grapes
the other day I showed you briefly some
yard grapes watch out for the watch out
for the yard grapes
these are shelf grapes which I don't
really know where they come from but a
shelf grapes nonetheless I'm not even
gonna say what that looks like
scares me coming in the store you see
things that like I've never really seen
like what what do we have here this is
just a little glass box something to
break and oh this is her well you know
that's what you hang your keys on this
is a key hanger
obviously here look at this we got this
little it looks like a well I don't know
what that is but it sure is shiny he
says I am place card holder funny
because it looks to me like a pair look
at that flower it's so pretty it's so
pretty
well it's holy crap I feel shrunken
that's a huge flower right there
takes a country
don't you dare break anything
boys you undone I don't know my dad are
they real they look real you doing it
they look real to me you look pretty
yummy take a bite
hey alright guys so this is how the
cricket works it's like a like a printer
right you have these cartridges to have
all the numbers and letters and stuff in
it you feed through there and then this
guy's a little blade so it cuts it cuts
out the letters like that out of this
big piece of vinyl and they transfer to
the paper and then you put them on the
wall and then you get through one letter
and call Sears and order this stuff
already made because it was way too much
weight too much work
check this thing out in action
this is Khloe's room she's she's the
princess of the house yeah you are
my little niece is Josh's girl look at
Chloe's turtle would you name that
turtle I'm gonna name him but Oh fly
butterfly hi that's a turtle all right
his name's butterfly huh that's cool
fast forward in time so where all of
these are already cut out put them on
transfer paper boy and unfortunately
Veronica didn't get enough binding to
finish the job but we're gonna try the
first two lines and see how they look we
say you've won the tape measure
I don't even know if it's straight we
got this tape measure didn't even use it
that's how we do it Perry County so
we're hanging this vinyl and time
completely got away from us it's ten
o'clock we just went in there like seven
o'clock we gotta get the kids home to
bed they got school tomorrow ready for
school to month ready hey yeah this is
usually how the kids are when we get
home
that's now got my anxiously awaited for
package today from lamp I've got some
new shirts from lamp apparel man that's
good stuff
reppin Ohio love it lamp peril calm I've
got some awesome t-shirts if you guys
are interested in I think it's time for
something like maybe like a little
challenge I'm gonna challenge you right
now to a small game of Simon Says are
you ready Sam Rihanna all you have to do
is exactly what I do and if you mess up
you have to pay the piper
so wait I'll set this out all we need to
do is we need cups of water
we'll use Forks we need one other object
strong too strong need a straw I get a
straw I get a fork you get 1/4 cup I got
a cup all right so we both are gonna
have the same we have the same exact
objects right straw straw fork like this
yeah fork a cup of water
all right now everything I do you have
to do - okay let's go first of all I
want to say I guarantee you I'm going to
win it's a guarantee ready yeah all
right it's on turn the straw in port
that's good man if you guys ever if you
ever want to get your buddies on a
sure-fire bar bet do that same trick it
works every time right got me so it's
late I can't believe how fast time got
away from me today we we went to my
brothers and it was like two three
o'clock now it was about four o'clock
and the next thing you know is 10
o'clock and and I really didn't feel
much because we were you know just
hanging out I don't get to see my
brother very often so it was nice to
just kind of hang out and catch up with
him and yes I did I do think that
Gladiators is a good is a good name for
you guys because you guys go to war on
that youtube comment section every day
and I love to see that I want to see
more of it we should interact like this
all the time I want to ask you questions
and then you guys go crazy in the
comments section hey for those of you
who love Android instead of Apple don't
worry ain't mad at you you're allowed to
like whatever you want I love Apple
products you guys must love Android
products but to be honest I think the
comments section shows that Apple is the
winner that's about all I got for you
today guys I'll be happy to see you
again tomorrow
gladiators we'll see you tomorrow
