hey guys good morning what's happening
so I'm here with Mama all today she's
taking me to go get my Jeep the jeeps
all fix Lady Liberty up and running it
costs me only $50 because I purchased
the insurance with with the Jeep the
service contract so we're gonna pick up
Carson cuz it's about time for him to
get off the bus and we're gonna go get
the Jeep Paris then how's school it's
good
what's wrong you don't look happy
he wants McDonald's really bad I've
never known anyone to be so excited
about McDonald's
you want McDonald's want some chicken
nugget
if you smile really big okay chicken
nugget
show me that big smile that big old
smile alright alright that time we're
gonna have to get him some chicken
nuggets
I find it really really funny that
yesterday was beautiful sunny was sixty
degrees and I mean I was outside with my
t-shirt and today it's cloudy it's been
raining all morning heavy rain I woke up
and the power was out and in just a few
hours it's gonna be snowy it's already
it's already starting to be cold it's
like 40
40 degrees here it is my Lady Liberty
she's all fixed up let's go let's go get
in it
come on let's go little Cain came to
visit at the Gilroy house what's up dude
what you doing you got a little stool to
stand on you me real tall yeah
here stand on right down you can do it
one more round Scott does a pretty good
Donald Duck voice I gotta say alright I
can do it but not as good as you you can
actually tell what you say hey oh you
know my favorite is when he does the
dirty Donald Duck oh that is hilarious
oh no wife's calling Scott this is
Lindsey my buddy Scott came over to hang
out with me for a little bit actually it
wasn't very long because he's leaving
now you just got here and now you got to
go that's messed up
what do you have to say for yourself
well I walked me food and it's ready for
me to pick up actually uh I'd probably
leave me too I love getting new phones
you know the last phone I got was the 5s
but Scott doesn't like Apple why I don't
know there's it it's not that I don't
like Apple
it's the iPhone big fingers and it just
doesn't work get out of my house
get out of my house we always have this
debate and Scott is an Android all right
I'm Apple all the way like he has a
Windows laptop I have a MacBook he has a
droid I have an iPhone and we've gone
back and forth over and over and over
again and that's right Google TV you
have Apple TV this is true this is true
I listen I want some feedback on that
because I want to know if the Apple army
is a lot stronger than the droid army
and I can already guarantee you that the
Apple army is ten times bigger than the
droid army might be might be he's
sitting here going oh I would seriously
want to know leave me some comments I
who are you Apple or are you Android so
today is kind of not a whole lot going
on them I'm actually just tidying up the
house Veronica's filling up orders for
the smile more store I thought why don't
I be a great husband and get some
cleaning done guys if you have a wife
nothing makes your wife happier then
cleaning up the house she's gonna come
homes gonna be all clean you like this
is how often people clean around here
there's dust on the cleaning supplies no
one cleans their house anymore
if you've watched the past couple videos
you know that I'm determined to scare
the crap out of somebody
mommy mommy so I just got this idea what
if we pull the Jeep out of the garage
park it behind the neighbor right we
turn off all the lights she thinks
where's daddy and the kids she'll have
no idea right well we're hiding inside
and we jump out and scare what do you
think what do you
because I didn't do this because I am so
happy about this because I want to get
the tunnel so bad really yeah all right
so I pulled the Jeep out of the garage
no Jeep and we're inside all the lights
are off we're gonna hide right here in
this bathroom it's all dark she's gonna
come in and set her purse down and call
me she's gonna be like where's daddy
right the kids are supposed to be in bed
where are you daddy I suck so bad yeah
yeah that's what I was like where you at
when you gonna be home did you notice I
had the Jeep
yeah where's the G in the backyard I
walked around
yeah well it's black is nice so you must
have missed it today we didn't get to
scare you
I'm so sad that we did him it's such a
it was it had a high potential to I just
almost suck I just dropped out of the
prank game you guys just what why don't
we read them a story who's ready for a
store oh my goodness
you want green eggs and ham yeah want me
to do the dr. Seuss voice yeah Sam I am
that's Sam I am I do not like that
I am do you like green eggs and ham I do
not like them sam-i-am
I do not like green eggs and ham would
you like them here or there
I would not like them here or there I
would not like them anywhere and do not
like green eggs and ham I do not like
them sam-i-am
you do not like them so you say try them
try them and you may try them and you
may I say Sam if you will let me be I
will try them you would see say like
green eggs and ham I do I like them
sam-i-am
and I would eat them in a boat and I
were to eat them with a goat and I will
eat them in the rain and in the darkened
in a train and in a car and in a tree
they are so good so good you see I do so
like green eggs and ham
thank you thank you Sam I am the end
follow me on Twitter you probably know
by now but we're gonna get together and
do a little Q&A on omegle omegle bagel
hey yo yes what's up what's up so do you
do you have a question for Gilroy I do
have a question hit me
would you ever consider doing a prank
instead of being behind the camera
definitely the party animals video I've
seen there I was the guy I was the
matter to learn oh okay yeah and then
when we used to do sketches and stuff
like that
it was wifebeaters I was in that I was
the preacher I opened my shirt
goes guys guys guys you're doing this
all wrong
oh then I open my shirt it feels great
first of all because I'm the kind of guy
who will go out in public I don't really
care what people think of me because I
know I'm awesome it's almost it's
refreshing you know I get to show people
that they can they can do something and
not be afraid you don't have to be
afraid to be in public you don't have to
be afraid to be yourself I'm gonna
challenge you to go out I want you to go
out tomorrow and do something that you
would never do do something positive go
out and make someone smile yeah what's
up my man asking have you seen the movie
Borat
of course Oh
what does Borat say what does poor I say
in the movie other than what is this and
what is this from that you mean even the
best or the favorite I pulled a really
good prank on my son it was his birthday
party
I took tape and taped up the faucet in
the bathroom right and I set my GoPro
right beside the sink and as soon as he
went in there to wash his hands he turn
on the water and sprayed him in the face
priceless whoa whoa what's up dude hell
yeah take a picture it'll last longer
bro well I do a lot of things I'm I'm
technically a freelancer I do photos and
graphic design and video production to
help pay the bills until I skyrocket
through the roofs with four hundred
fifty thousand subscribers down dude
well it's this is happening right now so
sweet well be easy girl be easy fist
bump
calm down fist bump oh I was hoping no
one would ask that question yeah we we
grew up together man we grew up I spent
the night in his house all the time I
stayed up till 2:00 in the morning
playing Goldeneye on Nintendo 64 it's
the best times what's up dude
that is a beautiful fairy collar jacket
you're wack where'd you get coke like
that really but my question to you is
something real announced previously and
it's please when I did God are you gonna
get your loan fixed cuz I'm gonna keep
bothering you until you get it fixed
it's how would you like to come with me
to replace the battery in the fire alarm
this evening
it's fixed all right guys the omegle
session was fun I got a lot of cool
people
my main man Alex gave me enough shit to
go downstairs and change the battery in
my smoke detector I don't know if you
guys have heard it going off but
apparently it has been that's really all
I got for you today guys I will see you
guys tomorrow
