I hope my mom Wi-Fi else I'm killing my
data oh my god horrible hey panda baby
so I thought I'd go live with you guys
right now to a make up for not uploading
today because I'm still felt super
crappy but I needed some feedback
because it's st. Patrick's Day right and
this guy right here
keep your even short on the live stream
right now okay
so Matt Matt is vertically challenged
okay socially accepted right and he has
matt has a leprechaun suit so there's
got to be something there right wait we
can do something with with Matt having a
leprechaun suit so I just called Scottie
I'm like yo it's st. Patrick's Day I
don't have I don't have an epic prank
idea but that hasn't already been done
I'm with a leprechaun suit plus amongst
my peers like they were like well you
should make a video that's like more
Universal instead of just applicable for
one day of the year
so I don't know I guess I didn't have
enough time to put my head around a epic
prank before for this but hey guys hey
what's up killer what up phantom what up
Andrew
bears how you don't have you don't want
dude the screen is literally loaded with
comments
I know Dave's dumb songs I broke Twitter
today it was totally by accident and I
do apologize if your phone went off and
you freaked out but I was putting a
bunch of vlogs into a playlist if you
missed my last livestream on Twitch I
talked about like what I had learned
about playlists and so I'm like trying
to apply that and apparently there's a
setting that says if you if you add
videos if you add videos to a playlist
it notifies your social media of that
change so like I added almost two
hundred and then and then I pop over to
Twitter to be like oh did that go and
then I just scrolled and scrolled and I
was like oh so uh so yeah my apologies
but the purpose of the stream is so that
I can get you guys to come hold on let
me fire up the stream until I want you
guys to come and hang out with us in my
twitch livestream we're gonna play some
battlefield one we're gonna talk about
what can we do with Matt tonight I'll
look close from Belfast Ireland hey some
ideas you got some ideas
well that's fun oh there we go
I spent some of the day today editing
the the make account video for the song
believer I'm digging it
I'm diggin it a lot
let's hope my stream doesn't crash
because
I'm streaming here streaming their
stream it up l-ladies in the house what
up now it's probably nice over there
whose team six-foot-four hunt yo yo yo
okay so there's a link in the
description goes to hop over to twitch
it should be in the very top line of the
description twitch.tv ford slash Gilroy
gaming it would be wicked awesome
if you click that link and join our
twitch chat over here and you can I
think you can chat without having you
have to have an account to chat I'm
sorry if you don't you should because we
have a lot of freaking fun on here Sarah
what's up from Italy hey did you guys
see I meet WETA dit yesterday but drum
I'm sure you guys know drum jar he's
working on it's a really amazing thing
to help bring some food to Somalia and
its really awesome to see what's
happening with it Ralph it's the 25
bones on super Chet thank you so much
dude the the effort to bring food to
Somalia which is in there experiencing
severe famine which is insane like today
in this world we live in there should be
no one going hungry and there's millions
of people over there that are dying from
starvation and I just got to give a huge
shout out to Jerome Jarre and the crew
Ben Stiller for for making that happen
it's so cool to see what power we really
do have and
it's insane they've landed a plane to
actually take food and supplies to
Somalia and so it's really cool to see
that happen so big shout out to drum jar
and everybody working on that project
it's all over social media so you
shouldn't have a hard time finding it
I told do I love myself Jacob I love
every single one of my subs all of you
okay I got a part I got a fire my
teacher touches me well you better say
thank you mm-hmm lucky you gotta go yeah
you are text me I will I will text you
back in just a little bit
you finish your your lesson I shouldn't
be free but instead of there find all
your parts to your leprechaun jazz and
we'll try make something funny happen I
think I think you guys could help me out
greatly by making some suggestions like
I have an idea I have an idea for for a
funny vlog but that's about the extent
of it
what is up twitch fam welcome to the
live stream happy frickin Friday and not
only is it Friday it is st. Patrick's
Day so happy st. Patrick's Day
and happy birthday to Kayla are you in
the chat Kayla it is her birthday and I
told her she shouldn't come because it
is her birthday she should have way more
things to do than me here but if you see
Kayla be sure to leave her a happy
birthday in the chat today guys were
playing battlefield 1 I hope you're
ready and if you're coming from YouTube
I want you to put that in the chat I
came from YouTube live I'd be super cool
this is like super weird cuz I'm
currently streaming in two locations
twitch is running slow I oh yeah there
is like a 20-second delay on Twitch true
story Nicholas what RC do you have I
have while Colin has the Stampede
hbt kayla is she in here
no okay as all shout out to the early
birds in the chat el numero uno manner
777 you know he's he's always in here
first
we've got Plunkett Morgan hydro comb
Collin bracket welcome to Friday guys oh
yeah
same fall came from YouTube live insane
mastered no there is no vlog today I
mentioned that at the end of yesterday's
full video if you could travel where'd
you go someplace hot anywhere hot I'm so
sick if you saw my snapchat chase under
so very lucky little a black chase
underscore Gilroy I I made a snap this
morning it started snowing and I'm just
like banging my head off the window it's
it's awful man I hate eight-eight the
fact that it's still snowing
hey Jess wolf good to see you Jess I
haven't seen any posts on that on that
Instagram account
really
how do I get how do I get booted for a
phone call that's annoying
wait Turner family says Gilroy I'm a
legit leprechaun and was born three feet
tall good on you mate
good on you mate all right let's get
into some gameplay and I wanna I wanna I
want to strike a serious conversation
with all of you guys right now I want to
make some funny I want some comedy in
today's video right we've got Matt who
is and he allowed me to call it
vertically challenged and he also has a
leprechaun suit so there's gotta be
something we can do with Matt in a
leprechaun suit on st. Patrick's Day and
I thought honestly I thought why don't
we why don't we take him to the bar and
we get mad because he's 21 we take him
to the bar and we get him you know
I look it up but he's also a very
Christian person and we don't want to
like we don't want him to do anything he
shouldn't be doing wait someone said act
out something to do with Lucky Charms
the funny thing is I said something
about like a crank idea would have been
taking him to like Walmart or something
and having him try and return Lucky
Charms because they were weren't
magically delicious but I didn't I
didn't think that would go I didn't
think I'd be able to film it well my by
myself or to be honest I didn't know if
Matt's acting ability was there it's
tough and I'm not saying that Matt isn't
a good actor or can't be
but I just don't know Gucci says you
haven't done a good viral prank in a
while I know man that's because if it's
not good enough I don't think I should
film it but maybe that's the problem
maybe you should just film it because
you think it's funny and if it goes
viral whatever if it doesn't whatever
just film prints I don't know I didn't I
didn't want to just do pranks because
then everybody would be like oh look at
you doing pranks like Ruhlman oh well
now all like Roman doesn't do pranks
anymore so maybe we could pull some off
right
it's just a it's just a thought
hey max flour its Xbox max Kawa
Quixote you're in the game with me
perfect nice same fall you have
battlefield 2 don't you I think we
played before do you have to lift him
onto his stool probably I thought it'd
be cool if me Matt and Scott went out
and we we did a couple like we went to a
few bars ok and we showed a punk cat
cheering at 250 bits thank you so much
girl
we took Matt to a bar and we made the
video be something like a day in the
life of a leprechaun on st. Patrick's
Day
what do you think is it it's it is that
stupid or no vlogger extreme thinking I
appreciate that
FM says Samsung or Apple I gotta say
Apple
Max Weber thanks for the host
donna's da dong ASTP came from YouTube
thank you so much
welcome welcome to twitch okay I
surprised
we're gonna play a song okay my friends
on YouTube the match has just begun
I will urge you once again click the
link down below and then we can continue
the conversation in the twitch
livestream switched out TV Ford / Gilroy
gaming I do appreciate you hanging out
with us if you would like this should go
public
I think afterwards maybe not but leave
some suggestions for what you would like
to see us do with Matt dressed in a
leprechaun suit on st. Patrick's Day and
I suppose that's where we will leave you
for today thank you for joining I'll see
you again soon guys he√µs
