hey Kali what's up dude hey you just got
off the bus how was school good
fantastic awesome guys what's up look at
this day it's beautiful blue skies it's
55 degrees which isn't very warm to some
of you guys but for us in Ohio that's
pretty warm especially after the weather
we've been having sucks lately so we're
gonna jump on the trampoline I'm tired
already let's go inside
oh let's see you do a somersault do jump
go ready go Oh what was that
okay sit over here filming try to do a
alright it's kind of bumpy
oh all right let's see if daddy can do a
front flip you think I can do it yeah
are you film for me cover here all right
I haven't done this for a while I don't
even know if I can but here we go
Oh fantastic let's try again
stand back you do it yeah
cheater I don't know if you guys have
ever done this on trampoline but you got
an old skate deck with no trucks on it
you can do tricks on the trampoline
let's see if I still got any on a day
such as this it's so nice out I can't
just play out there I gotta get a couple
of things done and one of those is I'm
gonna take a check to the bank to
deposit it and I also I want to watch
the Jeep because it's dirty and it looks
so damn good when it's clean so when I
left the house I checked the mail and I
got a letter from an attorney and
anytime you get a letter from an
attorney in the mail you kind of cringe
you know like oh crap what what did I do
now
so I open it up and Luffman
HEC & Associates sent me a letter
stating that they have been made aware
through publicly available court records
that I was recently charged with
disorderly conduct and then it goes on
to to offer their services we would love
to represent you come on you vultures
Jesus
don't worry brah I got it covered I know
you've been waiting for this it's time
to give them up my baby my baby Jeep the
good ole wash down look how dirty she is
let's get our wash off
damn she looked good
that's my girl and without hard work
dude Washington Jeep where's you know
it's a lot of surface area so I thought
I'd pick up a snack I'm gonna try out
these new Lay's wavy roasted garlic and
see Sol I'm a chip connoisseur man
better be good huh guys I'm so
frustrated because I'm trying to get my
latest vlog uploaded but it's hung up
it's like stuck at 2 hours and 23
minutes worth of processing so I'm
trying to decide whether I stop it and
reupload it because this I'm ready - I'm
ready to get out of here and do
something fun but I need to monitor the
vlog and make sure that it goes up so
instead of waiting 273 minutes which is
the time that YouTube said my restarted
upload would take
I'm going to Romans because his internet
is on steroids and I guarantee my it
will be up in 20 minutes the smile Moore
store is going bananas
overall you guys won your smile more
purchase it's incredible so while I'm
there I'm gonna have to go ahead and put
on my working gloves ship out shark we
gotta make a little pit stop
it appears Roman had to run out so to
kill some time I thought maybe we'd grab
a little bit of you and a drink what do
you want there yeah so last night I
stopped over and Roman tried to scare me
which didn't work out but guess what
he's away right now and I'm at his house
so I think it's about time for me to
scare it realm all right so I've pulled
the quad
I pulled the quad right in front so they
can't pull their car into the garage so
they have to park outside as soon as
they park I'm gonna use Romans key fob
to set off the alarm on his car and he's
gonna immediately check it out as soon
as he does that I'm gonna jump out from
around the corner and scare the shit I
think they're coming they're coming
let's get ready of this care
I was that was still better than mine
I had it all set up dude I had
everything perfect and ready to go and
here you are just unstoppable
dude that was such a great setup and you
ruined it if it was so great you've
ruined her I would've been scared I've
messed up in so many ways I thought it
was perfect he says that I shouldn't
have set off the car alarm but I thought
it would be like oh why is my car alarm
going off if you would pulled your Jeep
around back or something well you live
and learn right
look at them they're such a freak such a
cute family
roaming I'm so sad you're leaving for
Germany without me bro forty three
thousand hours Oh for real though it's
forty three thousand seconds car leave
my house until you leave twelve hours
away that should be cool
well we will all be right here when you
get back
and you and you mr. zombie show me your
best Omni impressions hard you to love
you have fun
we'll be smashing that store while
you're gone so it never fails guys as
soon that as soon as we get in the car
the kids fall asleep if it's nighttime
and we're driving anywhere the kids
immediately fall asleep so as the dad as
soon as we get home I have to carry them
upstairs to their beds and tuck them in
and kiss them goodnight tomorrow I'm
gonna start another project where I have
to go on site between 9:00 and 5:00
o'clock and I'm doing another catalog a
lot of you guys have asked me what it is
that I actually do and other than
working with Roman I I went to college
for graphic design so I do have a degree
in graphic design so I know Photoshop
Illustrator and design all of that stuff
I've learned how to edit videos and I'm
an amazing cameraman and I don't know
I've just kind of I've been into
computers and Technology in my whole
life so and I and I like to be creative
so I have found a way to make my living
doing graphic design and video
production so so that in a nutshell is
what I do and I also have a very a very
huge passion for photography you've seen
in a lot of my videos where I do you
know I've been doing photos so I want to
put it out there that if if you're local
in Ohio
and you want photography done by moi hit
me up we'll do it we'll set up a session
and I'll come and shoot for you so I'm
sorry guys if the vlog is a little short
today but you know you'll have that you
have that but I thank you guys for
sticking with me you guys are awesome
we're gonna grow so much together I can
just tell that this is gonna be
something that will continue for a long
time so I'm gonna see all you guys
tomorrow
