guys what's up its Gilroy in the house
ready for another video today we're
gonna have a lot of fun I think my mom
has invited me over for dinner for my
birthday because we didn't get to see
each other on my birthday so she's gonna
have dinner and cake and ice cream but
for right now my boy Tony's here with
his girl Chloe hey girl what's up
YouTube nation
we're shooting uh we were shooting
family photos for them today which was a
lot of fun Chloe did a really good job
you should be proud dude she did great
good that was great April you did such a
good job I was awesome and and in
advance thank you for Vitaly for helping
us out with the product shot I'm pretty
sure they're gonna like it's being
discussed that I go on tour with Kross
daughter because they're shooting a
music video out in Utah and it's gonna
be super big it's gonna be amazing
actually they're doing a new music video
for the song called devil's eyes and if
you haven't heard it check them out on
iTunes you can search iTunes for
Crosswater
and listen to the track Devil's eyes I
want to hear your feedback because I
think that's an amazing song as I'm
driving to my parents house I was
sitting here Jana now
just wondering what kind of music my
fans like what kind of music are you
guys into I love music of all kinds
except for country I'm not very big on
country
but some of my favorite bands are like
Incubus story the year made a parade but
I'm not I'm not crazy about country at
all
I'll never land on a country station and
listen to it
I'm excited to go to my mom's because I
miss her I miss my mom and dad and my
little sister Amanda who is pregnant by
the way she's expecting
I think next month
so we're gonna have a new addition to
the family and my brother
my younger brother Josh his wife
Samantha is expecting two so we have two
two ladies in the family that are about
to have kids they're both expecting at
about the same time so we're gonna have
some some new baby vlogs coming up soon
look forward it's very exciting
here's my boys hey Colin it Carson hey
buddy
where is she on the kitty cat hidin in
the bushes you like fair don't you yeah
you wish you had a kitty cat you want a
doggie oh the kids want a cat or a dog
so bad but where we live we rent our
house so the landlord doesn't allow us
to have pets in the house oh he's
rolling you have to wear this today
because it you're not really but it's
your happy birthday with everyone my
birthday was like four days no you
didn't come over and so you have to work
today but this one seriously yes you can
put it on it pendant right transwomen oh
we're gonna put it right in the middle
there you go it's perfect
you're wearing this all right your dad
bought it for you you're wearing it
posh you got it oh snap you guys know
that is carrot cake Boop thanks mom
you're the best you're the best mom and
peanut butter eyes yeah I think Veronica
got it wrong I totally misread that
butter pecans I ready
peanut butter I see cup ice cream pence
I have the text to prove it was not
peanut I know when I reread the text you
know did just so we're all clear
you guys it's almost done deep dish
lasagna oh we got the garlic bread more
lasagna I'll tell you what look at this
look at the screw people guys the
grandpa
there's my Amanda there's my sister my
brother he's so cute baby man
grandpa boom there's Dallas you guys you
guys know Dallas rally today for Earth
Day
that's a nice shirt bro look at this
crew we got and Sherri with sister
Shawna Shawna doesn't like people Taylor
what up what up what up
there's Chadwick what I'm Chad
high-fiver see all these people that
want to celebrate my birthday with me
this is great right my brother Josh what
up Josh Jake we got the kids here's my
grandma uh-oh hey Graham smile I think
smile more I can't
say what's up to YouTube nation I can't
say what's up YouTube nation what's up
YouTube nation don't know alright
there's more people here guys we got
Samantha hey Sam hey sherry Sonny
you guys don't even get it oh here we go
Taylor let's go right here this is
Dallas his buddy Cory he grew up in the
house next door to us he's a really cool
guy except for on Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday but other than that he's really
cool guy would you look at that oh I
absolutely love lasagna and my dear old
mom mom she made it for me and it's
going to be so delicious I promise you
that I need a lighter that's so good
what makes you think I have a lighter I
don't know it's just a feeling I have
you got me touch the camera that means a
lot coming from you yeah mom is that how
you see me still I'm just a little kid
yep
always toy truck you're wearing a name
tag chase that says Happy Birthday
they've already seen it what
flames oh wow
the green flame whatever color the
camels the color that blanket that is
witness hole just for you yes we are
they tricked come on I'm pranksters oh
yeah the truck handles him
you're gonna eat some of that too baby
girl I need a bigger use the candles mom
you like the others
it's really sweet of you guys art class
honey you think you're so cute you
didn't see me take the camera but I
noticed that it was missing that's the
first mistake ah it's my fault really
because I should have kept dibs on my
camera at all times
don't let Veronica Puglia she's she's
really a prankster at heart she
orchestrated that whole cake smashing in
my face ordeal oh yeah you're gonna get
it later
I'll bet you do
all right everyone who's leaving sorry
you have to go but get the heck out man
hey I'll see you later my god you guys
living room is like a dungeon you can't
even see you can only see the TV that's
it in this little lamp hold on I have a
solution
there we go there we go
so oh holy crap
the party's over this is what it looks
like the aftermath of the parties at
Gilroy's as soon as cake and ice creams
over everyone's gone it's done mom and
dad's just hanging out thanks for the
party mom dad thanks for the ribbon
great don't forget it flying there on
the table yeah okay thank you with me we
get that form UK : apparently there was
enough of a positive response for the
camo shirts the smile more camo shirts
that Roman wants to go ahead and put
them on the site for you guys so I'm on
my way right now to pick up some camo
shirts and they will be up on the smile
Moore store by tomorrow morning alright
guys so here it is it's the camo shirt
make sure that you all gonna get one
because these aren't gonna last very
long there's only a very few amount of
them and they're gonna be a little bit
cheaper than the other ones a lot of
that's $12.99 right there it is
$12.99 Roman Atwood calm get your new
camouflage shirts right now don't even
wait just stop watching this video and
go get one right now yeah it's time for
the walking dead of course it would be
trending it's Sunday night it's past
nine o'clock I'm gonna go do dirty Wow
sorry sorry I gotta go watch The Walking
Dead I just finished shooting the
pictures I'm so good man I can just I
can be the photographer and the model at
the same time actually I have this uh I
have this little remote so I can just
stand here set it on a timer click it
and then two and a half seconds later it
shoots my picture so that's how I do
that alright guys so everything's
everything's over today The Walking Dead
is about to come on and we're we're
we're couch bound this time it's time
yeah so we're gonna cut this vlog off
right now and we're gonna see you guys
