hey what up everyone I just wanted to
say good morning Romans here with me
we're gonna go to the 105 7 the proof
for another interview to talk about how
how big of a criminal a criminal ring we
are I can't even take it I've never I
told lo / and everyone on the radio
yesterday I was like we never I've never
even been in the principal's office let
alone arrested oh I lived you were
trouble me that's probably why so
successful two pranksters because he's
been a troublemaker since he was 12
yeah plus my own boss troublemaker
apartment class is a really criminal act
to be considered disorderly conduct
certainly
so yesterday we're on the Blitz today
we're at Clear Channel Radio to be on
the brook bro this is oldies rock the
Brewers oldies I don't even know I don't
even listen but it's still gonna be fun
mom bro we have a thumb lift
don't make sure you get your minds worse
I know and if they didn't fill it I'd be
like what the hell weird yeah and look
at this I feel like we're in break
Studios with all this wall vinyl yeah it
feels good to be feels good to be wanted
look guys this is official you when you
come to visit the brew you get back I
have a fully-fledged visitor thank you
yeah we on YouTube bro yeah guys this is
Vincent from the brew right in six 10
and 16 and X and X yeah your
multifaceted I like it yeah man this is
a nice studio man look at the muff cover
on that one looks like a big giant big
giant pillow right there I just like no
matter where you put it they stays yeah
that's great
I like it I feel spectacular right now
welcome to WC BX radio you're not gonna
stay out of trouble Louise I'm gonna
stay out of trouble yeah just you have
to go through the process trouble finds
them that's for sure thanks guys
appreciate Roman Atwood and that case
Gilroy on 610 WTV Edison is tornado show
that's for cool man cool cool man it's
awesome
you into that Charles always accuses me
what's up Charles all right Vincent
thanks too much dude
see guys it's good to have you back at
all it was fun dude we decided we're
gonna take full advantage of this super
nice day 51 degrees out today so I got
the four wheeler in the back boys for a
little we're just gonna go to Romans and
right forward all right so we're gonna
ride four-wheelers but we got to get
this guy all fixed up first
last summer what did you do here Collin
do you remember what you did yeah I
broke right off huh since it's been
sitting all summer the tires are real
flat so we gotta air them up and we got
to charge it yeah we gotta charge it
Britney's never driven a quad before and
she's trying to drive a standard quad
look at you that's a big helmet dude
I don't think it was the second here
that's just oh yeah
did you have fun on the four-wheeler
yeah that's cool yeah sweet man high
five good good yeah daddy got all muddy
man it's muddy out here what do you get
when you're driving a four-wheeler yeah
after a hard day of four-wheel and look
what we get to come in to great
surprising I saw your trash can and it
was like 14 pizza boxes in their belly
that that's that wasn't my dude I
thought we were gonna just light up a
couple fireworks I didn't know that it
was gonna turn into this yes
thumbnail yeah that's intense dude
you didn't even jump I'm surprised why
don't you get me when I turn the light
off I would have had a breakdown lost
to turn that noise off
I know Roman and I are I'm actually
spending the night at Romans house is
like opposed to sleep in between the two
of you know between yeah well I don't
want Roman side o seville against
bedroom the guest house out that dude
yeah i guess i just put new bedsheets on
there there is no these new
biodegradable bedsheets vitaly stayed in
there last so definitely change the
sheets bro i might get pregnant the kids
are in bed I'm spending the night at
Romans house I thought why not just why
not just do some omegle because no one
else looks exciting around here oh this
is a true Omega X experiment so we're
trying to see who gets next it more
often right so Brittany's in front of
the camera
you could just break this migrate I can
hold this all night I can hold this on
are you doing what's your name you watch
my vlogs every day my vlogs every day my
vlogs right yeah keep doing the great
job you're entertaining me a lot cuz
yeah yeah smash prank have you guys seen
that yeah that was you
ah way to go with all that illegal
look at that shirt holy crap bro that's
my man that's a nice shirt bro yeah yeah
wait wait wait wait I have a surprise
for you what wha
oh yeah don't forget Carson what's up
Alex and Jake it's probably because of
the noise pollution I hear that's a
problem in California sure man Alex you
look sober bro go get a drink
occupy land sing happiness right now
what's up dude are you excited yeah tell
me that show me how you're my biggest
fan you need to do something crazy do
you have a shirt or something hurry bro
find out do a handstand I want to see
you do a handstand right in front of
this camera right now yes yes hurry up
next hurry up there you go your honor
all right get it get it dude well I was
a lot of fun everyone Omega thank you
for hopping on it was it was really cool
to get to meet some of the fans was a
lot of fun thank you guys for talking
go to me wait wait you guys are so
annoying my time what are you talking
about I'll be hatin we don't know we got
enough haters we don't need another
heater on the moon all right what I said
was completely original perfect perfect
you guys were interesting enough to make
the vlog if you guys were interesting
enough you'll see you'll see but if you
weren't but if you weren't you won't you
won't I like him outside just minding my
own business and you guys scared what I
mean try
I didn't even joke you left your
shooting in the position you were I
think the footage will prove that I did
not get scared at all you know watch my
vlog if you want to see the scary
alright guys it's about that time all
the kids are in bed Roman and Brittany
fell asleep thanks so much for joining
me I can't believe all the support you
guys are great so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
