what are people Samia and Roman are back
at the Blitz they wouldn't talk to us
about what happened the other night when
the cops gave us a hard time you even
charge charges with all these criminal
offenses we're not criminals to be
honest be honest I'm at I'm up actually
kind of early considering oh my god you
eat my hand in the morning and we were
talking about how we were arrested and
the charges that are pending diesel Sour
Diesel
I want to thank Roman Atwood and Dennis
Roady for coming in and my buddy Gilroy
blogs for cruising it and you know tell
us the story of their criminal activity
we're criminals the fish shoulder block
to block there's three vlogs in here
actually we just installed this new
elevator and canoe at the station let's
see let's see Roman Atwood working oh
that's our new staircase I'm sorry our
new staircase we've just got it
Oh their new elevator say it's awesome
it cost a lot of money cause a lot of
money but wait TC our new canoe that's
the best this is a 2-man converged on
the two main canoe
oh my gosh there's rough waters waters
that have never seen guys in the same
spot in the front of the Kenai no really
at the same time it's not that big you
weirdos oh girl she's healthy again I
don't know if I'm gonna regret this but
I have something gonna a gas station hot
dog nothing ends up well when you're
eating gas station hot dogs well there
no it's not beef or pork it's a pretend
beef it's just
paste yeah it's the pink pink putty come
on it's good it's good he's great I got
a new one I've never tried it before the
cheeseburger link
your treadmill is here dude resided time
to workout to get my game face on you
ain't even gonna run on this thing are
you I'll dust it off
check this out you guys this is what's
happening at the at word house now he's
gonna be in shape and now on that
treadmill let's go show them how you run
on it let's check it out let's check it
out I never use it yeah yeah I think
that's just put that little key in there
you put that key in there then you hit
start don't be no sissy either I want to
see you put that on 10 is it gonna tag
it probably goes to Tony yeah we are
starving want action let me get you a
towel do you need a squirt bottle oh
this is the speed right here yeah
this this is perfect because if in the
future you ever need to run from the
cops you're gonna be perfectly
conditioned it's fun yeah here's what we
should do we should put a big ol police
a big old police light right here
that's it that's pretty good yeah that's
pretty good yeah once a week two months
that's it I don't even want to do that
for two minutes I can't sit here any
longer I gotta go home and see my kids I
know it was stressful my fingers are
bleeding so I just got home and Carson
is playing the character spongebob ask
me again mr. mr. spongebob well would
you like the krabby patty what do you
have okay
Krabby Patties Krabby fries drinks
prizes okay I think I'll have a krabby
patty with double fries with double
fries okay and a drink
mmm onion this is my krabby patty ready
yep no onion okay I get it
wait actually need salad don't forget
the salad oh okay fix it up got lettuce
and this is the beef patty patty but bon
hit the bottom ones hit on the hip yeah
oh here's a krabby patty don't real
buddy it's made of play-doh the other
customer bite it in its play-doh
Oh pretend bite it Oh pretend bite it
why do you throw a cup
good job that was the most delicious
play-doh krabby patty I've ever tasted
in my life you want onion now No
so Braun has gotta leave for work honey
I wish you didn't have to go oh oh
Veronica works at the hospital
overnights and she's gonna be at work
all night so I have to sleep by myself
and my nice warm bed you can keep me
pooping right
you are doing a really good job buddy on
your homework Colin's doing his homework
he's doing a very very very good job
aren't you going yeah yeah high five
high five for good homework Roman just
got here and Carson wants to prank him
play you gonna prank him you didn't jump
out and scare him yeah all right we're
gonna stand right here right there right
here and as soon as he comes in that
door you gotta jump out and scare him
okay and I'll be recording it just stay
there and be patient okay
the rumen just showed up briefly dropped
off some new products for us to add to
this montemor store so you guys need to
go check that out
and I know that one of the most critical
components of proper smile is to have
clean teeth so why wouldn't you have a
smile more tool to help you do so so now
guys we got smile more toothbrushes and
all sorts of colors red blue purple pink
and green to get your smile on so I'm
taking the photos right now and this
will be these products would be on the
store probably tonight so head on over
to row and that will calm get your smile
more toothbrushes so I just wanted to
touch base with what's going on right
now yesterday was my birthday and we had
a good time we're not Roman and Brittany
it was awesome
and at the end of his vlog yesterday he
gave you guys a shout out to come check
out old Gilroy on my channel I just
wanted to show you the increase if you
can see it twelve thousand nine hundred
30 subscribers twelve thousand I think I
started today with 7000 so that's four
thousand plus new subscribers in less
than 24 hours I just I'm like wow you
guys it's the soldiers it's the Roman
soldiers and you guys Rock
so I want to say thank you so much for
all of the birthday wishes that really
means a lot to me I think I put in my
post from yesterday's vlog that that
I've never gotten so many birthday
wishes in one day it's incredible so
thank you for that and welcome welcome
to Gilroy vlogs I just want I hope I can
live up
your expectations I'm sure I will that's
gonna be about all I got all I want you
guys to make sure you go to the smile
Moore store and check out the new
toothbrushes we got toothbrushes for
this mom or store and I just got
finished with the let's see I'll show
you right there you guys and get
yourself some toothbrushes so you've got
your shirts you got your stickers you
got your beanies and you got your
panties girls and now you can brush your
teeth while you smile more ha ha that's
about it for today
ah thanks again I just I'm blown away
and I'm definitely gonna see you guys
tomorrow
