good morning everybody I'm still at home
you know why because Roman and Denis and
metallic are late again
Denis just pulled in on them almost
scared though yeah
I'll be waiting on you literally pulled
in and it's just sitting there I can't
move yeah that's what happens when
you're patient and you just stay in
place you get the scare you get it every
time we're scared the shit out of Dennis
so Dallas is into the vape pens
vaporizing instead of smoking cigarettes
which is a good alternative they show me
these tricks come away slow you know
oh look at that look who finally decides
to show up what up how dare you
disrespect my driving like that dude I
just made your driveway have reason
there's a minimum 360 rule bro well so
visa booked for you they stopped in
remember last was that last week maybe
not even last week chase bought me and
him these coffee drinks well his was
rotten I mean rotten he probably got
three four drinks out of it before you
felt the chunks going down through as
I'm trying to drink my vanilla mocha I'm
at a vanilla Frappuccino Starbucks bull
crap I almost smashed into the back of
Dennis had it not been for rum dog did
it I saved us he goes yo watch out watch
out watch out for watch outs and I
finally stopped just in the nick of time
I think I should just stick to vlogging
and driving Jojo how would you like to
find an ATM with just up fat believe it
I don't have to work again so not
everything goes according to plan turns
out Batali's mics are complete garbage I
don't know where they were the best mics
ever but I think the wire right just the
wire to the wire
it's the wire and you got to find the
right frequency so high frequency was
always rising mr. smart man I don't know
what's going on with the but my buddy AJ
is right up the road so we're gonna go
grab his wireless mics and something
better than Shanghai oh yeah I think um
they're like oyster clear Sennheiser's
are aquafina people are daddy
first take first take the ATM tips over
and breaks the door broke right off
don't you figure this prank is falling
apart literally proof proof right there
proves that I do blow my nose yeah and
some it's a Kleenex kind of day so cold
my nose keeps running I can't take it
anymore sick of the cold weather I said
it once before today I'm tired of it
let's just go to LA I know la is not
news to you so far everything is going
as as well as it can you know but right
now we're after we're after a little
different we're after a little different
spices you know you go to a buffet line
and you're like man those mashed
potatoes were good but I think I want to
try the broccoli with cheese right so
now we got to go we did the college
campus and now we're looking for
we're looking for a different looking
for a different type of person to
capture that reaction
Roman aside here to take a crap we're
not just gonna sit around let's eat huh
we got putting it up orange chicken
enjoy that bro cuz what so we got an
epic reaction here and now the cops were
called and they're seriously sitting at
the end of the road here they come right
now they're coming right now
oh we're in trouble
so we've been standing here for
literally almost an hour and half
waiting on this cop to decide what the
charge is going to be tickets jail time
possibly fight they took my camera my
blog camera all day I got everything on
camera they took it hmm
they took our main prank cameras they
took everything we're not gonna get it
back for weeks dude you will not get
that back for weeks after court yeah
but my camera was still in my pocket the
whole entire time so frustrating I mean
they stole it from me but it was in my
pocket huh peace out guys so I just got
back to my house what a crazy night we
got arrested
my birthday's toon got my papers robber
well it's good to have it was a good
night
I'm glad we had a lot of fun arrested
yes good night bro see tomorrow thanks
for helping us bill yeah we love you
chase you monsters so I think that's
gonna do it today guys I'm pretty tired
well being arrested and turning 31 and
everything takes a lot out of you so
make sure you guys come back tomorrow
because it's my birthday there should be
a pretty cool video I think we got some
cool stuff planned but I'll see you guys
tomorrow
