Tim Hortons so I'm up early today I
thought I'd greet the boys with some Tim
Hortons doughnuts I don't know if you
know about Tim Hortons but there's no
better way to start the day everything's
covered in sugar my favorite
yeah good what's up Brayden like my
doughnuts you can get stuffed french
toast with cream cheese and seasonal
fruits inside of it what else would you
stuff it with I've never heard never
even seen stuffed french toast
that's why surprise you're just a
silhouette right now
so we got to eat some food because we're
all filming again today that's crazy
where they come here you go bro you're
gonna you're gonna grab your ATM machine
your users can shatter off cold he
wasn't that cold just now walked out of
that place
I hate oh I'm going I'm going it was so
uh these dudes never seen cold
temperatures before bro it just got cold
like we walked outside and it's like
what it's gonna wise to shade that's yes
shades oh wait till tomorrow to be sixty
jewel Romans go snowboard on ATV go
skating tomorrow morning that's gonna be
one deal wasn't you just give them GP
data settings thank battalion as a man
do you want to stay at my house right
ladies and gentlemen due to inclement
weather conditions we will not be
filming epic pranks today the only day
that it's actually sunny we're
complaining about the weather yeah well
I enjoy the fact that we're well I don't
know if I enjoy the fact that we're not
working but it's still fun to just do
shit that was Rihanna worried
oh that's my koala bear instead of
filming videos today we're just gonna
skate that's cool dude I know I want to
get my kids one of these sticking sizes
they can both ride at the same time yeah
it's my blues to be fun for the basement
illusion your base oh snap bro was it
cold out there what yeah what about that
shirt bro dude that's it which position
did you do last night on that one yeah
are you doing dude trying to find these
pictures from the Arnold Classic
I took some really funny pictures with
this photo shot photo store third party
photo booth can't find them dude funny
like that's why I'm looking for like
rolling the floor for me like things are
laugh your ass off you always be mr. C
in the morning by Dennie I love you let
me kiss your forehead my girl Tia nice
to meet you now baby
sup bro
Dallas has been home with the kids all
day making sure that they're safe
they're taken care of
which is cool because if not for Dallas
I wouldn't be able to go film with Roman
and battalion dentists so thank you for
out anyway the kids are at home asleep
they were asleep by the time I got here
which sucks cuz I haven't seen him all
day but it was a fun day we had fun
skateboarding took metalli out on the
four-wheeler he got to experience real
Ohio cold nastiness today is a wrap it's
over I'll see you guys probably tomorrow
if not I'll see you soon
