this is how you start your day right
with the tally coffee and delicious
breakfast
that's not my plate I already ate but I
just wanted to show you what I had I'm
gonna coffee is that coffee or sugar
that makes it go
it's Folgers and sugar you can put sugar
and milk alone and it would be delicious
I don't make my phone I used to put
sugar in glasses of milk and make that
go to cup well I'll give you a hundred
dollars for that camera
swing Rome your son just sold me your
camera 400 bucks on our box yeah that's
it oh oh oh hey ready guys ready ready
ready know where some dollar bills
he's sleeping dude
from Walmart picking up props for this
big prank that we're working on oh that
works
get ready Columbus one thing I love
about Columbus especially high street is
the diversity the energy there's buses
and the buses there's so much going on
like there's a guy over there can't
really see him he's playing music
there's always people on the sidewalks
displaying their artwork
it's just cool man it's awesome and look
at Roman this is the most dedicated
mother-effer on the planet we're
starting to film and he's still trying
to get his vlog it went up took like
three hundred eighty minutes while we're
driving around got a wireless internet
it's up thank God here we go it's time
is the mic working up
I got you
what is it we all have knows it's you
smelling and shoving with oh my god that
was awesome one video three minutes boom
having a super fun time with mr. Roach
trying to get furious Peter come meet us
for our chance they don't know if you're
his people I don't know if you're his
Pete tell him who fears Peters oh dude
this guy is all about staying sex and
staying hungry and getting laid working
out and his arms are about five times
bigger than mine yeah he's he's Pete's
pizza competitive eater and he eats
massive amounts of food
this is how crazy Russians are they
think they can just come to America and
smoke bombs in public so we're gonna eat
it's time for some chance we're sitting
at a table with probably three of the
most influential people on YouTube right
you know Romans one of my best friends
but we've got dinner
romeo cali cdtv hashtag Dennis Roady
hashtag if you guys had any question
that you would ask Roman Vitaly or
Dennis make sure you put the hashtag in
front of it
hashtag make sure you hashtag follow me
on twitter Gilroy blog if you had any
question you would ask these guys what
would it be
what would you ask them if you were
sitting right here at my seat I want to
know leave it down there
burger onion rings Tabasco sauce
barbecue coleslaw Carolina burger waffle
fries the best part of my day when we're
done working come home and see this face
right here look at that she's seen
beautiful Oh
so the boys are all downstairs playing
games but I have a bird's-eye view of
everything in the toy that I want
Tally's leaving are you gonna be ready
to film tomorrow right yeah
taxi drivers here holy shit taxi I'm
gonna triple vodka cranberry grand movie
sprite night dude are you tomorrow no
it'll be fine
nope later the party is officially over
the house is trash it's trashed it's
time perfect time for me to get the heck
out of here oh yeah leave just just
leave like everyone in my life dude it's
fine it's fine I'll be back tomorrow
like my number one stunner well good
night
can i dude see you tomorrow I will let's
do it again
no we will see you tomorrow
