good morning it's beautiful outside look
at this beautiful it's cold it's still
beautiful look I got carton with me
Tahiti Carson need everybody
yep we just got Carson from school books
no guy goes to kindergarten no he's
still in preschool I don't even know
where my kids are
that's right we got a beach vacation
coming up hopefully it's warm but we're
on our way to Romans Danielle's room and
get some stuff done before a special
guest comes in today I don't know if I
can tell you yet maybe I'll just have it
be a surprise but we got to go to the
airport to pick him up so that's enough
hints for now hey Carson on a scale of 1
to 10 how much fun are you having right
now thousand thousand yay that's way
more than ten dude brother Zeus he's
about to eat you oh my little Marvel
superheroes we're gonna be late we can't
be late I gotta I had to leave Romans
real quick to go save him go figure
his car isn't starting is the Z isn't
starting so we gotta go get
our buddy from the airport and we can't
do that with a dead car now koe wrong so
apparently the culprit of the dead car
lies with none other than my lovely wife
she loved my hattrup dog that's what's
up that's what's up
maybe having dead batteries up in here
then I can't go anywhere I can't pick up
anybody
now I rely on you are gonna call you up
make you come out is your wife let my
hatch open once what's so different than
normal
here we are I'll bet by now you're
wondering who is it that we're picking
up who could it possibly be they're
gonna be like I already saw Romans vlog
ha ha this is probably true but I gotta
stick to my guns I'm not gonna let you
guys know until he's actually here i sat
at the curb for 4.5 seconds
an officer Doofenshmirtz came up and
said we had to move this is BS I can't
leave me to read his name tag it was in
German too smart
Doofenshmirtz doofen Dupin skirt I saw
the douchebag of the Year award this
brings us back to yesterday's point
which is you should always blog and
drive we should just keep stopping at
the same spot yes keep coming over
that's a good idea
I think we should do that Tigers you
might think I'm crying because I'm so
happy but it's not it's because Romans
ass just exploded in my pass this is my
impression of the the loading security
guy now boy I had told you once map
asked you to move on you make that loop
about three more times and then we're
gonna be good and I said sir I don't
think you realize who you're talking to
I heard that I remember what you said it
is that's Batali Charlie that's a
good-looking dude right there he's here
it's gonna be an exciting night for
tonight we got the girls are cooking
spaghetti spaghetti seems the Brittany's
go-to dish salad cucumbers mmm that
dinner was delicious but now I think
it's time for a little after-dinner me
gonna go hit the liquor store get
something to drink
easy it didn't look like tell he's
trying to kiss Zeus dude
there's more easy come on
oh good yeah I'm putting in my juice
easy easy sit
your eyes open your eyes when you need
to get messed up you go to Kroger state
liquor you want to get crunk Freddy
Krueger bye bro you're gonna tie it you
know I never pegged fatality for a wine
drinker what are you gettin my dog no
this beautiful dude I love it hey you
might want to check out up here though
Hey instead of gallon smashing we should
be wines Nutella oh you got some New
Zealand perfect peanut butter cookies
gross sip see you broke your diet spread
it on like caviar mmm all right guys it
stays over I'm gonna sleep on Romans
couch because we have a long day of
praying
tomorrow here with me he's gonna do the
best thing that a brother could do just
watch the kids crash but I want it what
we're gonna go crazy tomorrow I think
it's gonna be a lot of fun we'll see you
guys tomorrow then again maybe we won't
