hi guys welcome to the Bob
meal-replacement shake right we are and
duck and I we're going to analyze up
we're going to the airport to pick up
mom a mama from their flight back from
Hawaii would you put the other ones on
oh my god oh yes via tiata hey she
messed up the camera I didn't touch it
she must you started a Tommy totally
messed up Veronica and duck and and lies
are going to pick up Nana and Momo from
the airport I'm going to stay back
because one I still need to edit I had
to go this morning get a haircut because
that's all the time I got and and I need
to clean up this place you excited that
Nana's coming home are you gonna go give
her a hug my ready
hey later I love you I love you me too
McCann hmm
where we going to larva he took us a
minute
I have never driven mom's car so I had
to get my seat adjusted I felt like I
was sitting now on a hole all the way in
the back seat the hood seems like it's
like forever away but I think we're
ready and wish wish me luck what
and Doc weird and uh co hot she's all
gone she's coming she's checking on in
Brittany's car make sure aunt Biddy's
car is here thank you
bless you Thank You Eliza
hey there's that lady how was your
flight back was quite long yeah lies a
long flight away alone we've done that
before didn't we
yep right
Oh be careful someone fill their drink
and it's like I mmm
okay hey watch this it's like ice so
should I go downstairs and he on that
one as we prepare oh my gosh my it for
you for good mom I'll bring you a cookie
God gave to cookie
Oh holding what do you tell her I love
you I've done ductility cookies no oh
man didn't get better cookie a lovely
trip yeah such a good time then around a
boat ma ma ma ma ma fille want about I
your mother caught me to the steps and
mom how did you get over that water her
and Kurt I think I'm carried in my knee
it was up to my knees and your mother
pushed and Kurt Kurt Cruz do they must
push me up them steps and her don't let
her think about it she won't get on
there yes oh oh oh like okay where did
you can you miss me yes man well you've
been eating yeah guess what cookie
welcome hi guys you're locked out I'm
locked out of my house I can't get my
house I hope I have a king where where
I'll get my help oh I have to go back to
my house again
okey for all I can't give man the hugs
and kisses
oh no matter honey you want mana she's
very mad right now because we just
dropped me off and LJ still sleeping
does he work third shift and I have to
get dinner made and everything so I
think I'd have to be quiet over there
we'll do sleep in and we'll go back over
but she's young and she doesn't
understand yet so no quick update
Veronica had a go store to get food I
was about to start a live stream but I
had to stop him I literally freaking
because she wanted her daddy man is
terribly well good to have you back
anyway thank you yeah she heard Nana had
the present for us but she's like super
happy now yeah are you happy you get
Nana poor thing
he's going to keep this oh man oh you're
too time is the dress for Liza get ready
he's my size back seat if you like you
prefer the q-tip I didn't easy enough oh
look at your look in the camera
thank you there oh pretty you're too
sweet and welcome no let's keep digging
hey man I got the boys shirts let's see
it you're getting a cold aren't you well
there's Colin nice whoo Northshore
longboard all right you guys just
finishing up a live stream I want to
tell you that I've actually had to
resort to taking some cough drop because
it's it's starting to get me maybe
that's a good thing because anytime I
get a cold the shirt indicator is that
it's about to be the change season every
single time it almost never fails when
the seasons change I'm pretty much
guaranteed to get up hold okay so mommy
is going to watch her favorite show
which is survivor I've missed so many
season that I to me it's the same thing
all over over in Hanover Ida I don't
really get into it that much anymore
so honey I gotta go I'm going to help my
dad do something
and it's covert I guess I don't think I
can really he doesn't want me to put in
the logs but we'll go over there and see
what's up at the end all that stuff
this shows no you got to go to bed in
like 20 minutes of breath it's been a
rough kid day huh it's been a rough kid
there love me I'm ready for summer I
know honey I'm with you I am with you
I'll be back soon I love you
okay I'm kind of okay so fun it was a
short visit I show the long as it yeah
what time did I get here I can hear like
nine eight thirty nine ish thanks a
little past eleven mom
are you sorry to go on vacation that
doesn't look like you're very excited
your mom had takes a mansion she's not
feeling the grader mom 11 good to see
you
can't wait for vacation yeah I have two
weeks five bottl with mommy ah
fertilizer alright love you bye mom and
dad so I'm pulling in quite late and I'm
probably be correct - guess - everyone's
asleep
this is pretty much midnight so guys I
feel like really it's starting to get me
so I'm not sure if we'll have a video
for Friday I might just have to take a
day off and take it easy and rest but
you never know I might surprise you
so yeah so Veronica's mom and
everybody's home from Hawaii I think I'm
going to go inside and literally pass
out and get some good rest up that is
where I'm going to leave before today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here
mark
