so as I'm on my way to pick up Roman I
can hear loafer on the radio talking
about me and Roman coming in for helium
theater YouTube sensations our buddy
chase Gilroy and the one and only Roman
Atwood will be here every Thursday they
do this bit where they'll reenact a
movie scene and each of us have to suck
in a fair amount of helium to read our
lines and you have to guess the
listeners have to guess what what the
movie scene is or what movie it's from
it's gonna be a lot of fun
and get rum in one of his most epic
treats this baby to wake up but I get
mine and I start drinking it ruins like
it's chunky bro it's chunky it's got an
expiration date of December of 2013
we're not drinking that we need
some real coffee come on Starbucks get
your right Redemption normal coffee
no Starbucks expired bullcrap load that
thing up with sugar and it's good to go
there it is there's my head change for
the day you brought them all right see
that's that's how you start your morning
with the bag full of healing talk about
hand Hanan look at rope loafers camera
look at this beast take a camera stand
right there
took it off the gym yes we're about to
do some helium theater dude I don't know
if you know but helium theater is
probably one of my favorite bits well I
mean that's why I invited you in because
also you need like a good strong dose of
helium now it's not Randy back live loud
and local Marley shark yeah I've been
longing for your face it's great I feel
like Michael Sam yeah I know I like it
down below thank you
our buddies from right here in Columbus
Ohio
say hello to youtube sensation Roman
Atwood hey how we doing you have how
many subscribers on YouTube it's insane
man I think I'm up to about three he has
almost doubled the subscribers that the
UFC has on their YouTube what what are
you like if you were gonna give some
advice to kids out there that are
aspiring to do this on YouTube to have
like a prank channel or even a blog
channel or anything like that like what
is the best advice that you can give to
somebody
number one consistent
see just keep it consistent man once a
week at least twice weeks great vlogs
every day you miss a day gonna be
catching up what better way to welcome
us back to the Columbus area than to
have Roman Atwood chase Gilroy I come in
here Julian Theatre that's when I told
chase I'm like Randy look at his skin
he's helium deficient yeah I need some
absorbent like a little helium in his
life of a shark are you ready to suck
the sweet nectar yeah we you know we
usually have professionals do this
professional actors that's why we're
here Roman soldiers I hope they're
listening man so listen somebody s
healing theater cuz the winner today
what are they gonna get thick what do we
have passes to the studio movie groan
awesome and a place is supposed to be
great so you'll kick it off I'll say
welcome to Healy I do this whole thing
I'll say helium theater scene one take
one
titta lysing addition of helium theater
today joined by the esteemed and Jase
Gilroy yeah and of course joining me as
always Brandi Riza give me that jacket
boy he wants polyester one may say take
off your pants and jackets to that I say
how about that lunch
what was that myself
oh yeah lighten up Francis you're all in
this together one of these men may save
your life one of these days understand
then again maybe we'll do it again
maybe one of us well won't you all of us
would have to go to rehab at this
because the here I am is so addictive
and wonderful in here
this very special edition of Helium
theater if you know what movie it is
call us now like Miss Cleo bitches shock
don't call me names like an addict's
because I need one more hits man just
one more all right Kennedy died or at
least I make your own ring you can
create it yes do it today and you can
find them at gorilla City I'm straight
down the road at 1494 straight down
Rodeo City no this is alright guys so
it's official I just took over mark the
shark's position right here my laptop
here now my microphone I don't know I
don't even care I want to thank you for
coming today go subscribe to his channel
Roman Atwood Gilroy vlogs and I'll find
our vlogs
loper and Randy on YouTube you can go to
loafer and randy vlogs yeah well we'll
just leave it up then look at these guys
they're like fish in a fishbowl yeah
they're like damn zoo animals swimming
around with no purpose well you want to
feed them let's let's feed them some I
don't know I don't know what's food
let's feed him some rice maybe they'll
explode like the pigeons do that would
be an amazing video amazing video where
the guy with all the angles
you're clever man hey I want I want to
do a prank soon we're like anywhere we
go like you don't do a scared video on
YouTube
I can't ever do it right well at least
you tried
well that was a complete and total blast
it's always fun hanging out with flipper
and Randy if you guys haven't already
make sure you go check out their vlog
Channel listen to them on the radio
they're really cool people
the best
nothing like waking up in the morning
and sucking down
nearly who does helium move to helium
it's so good
so me and Roman are just gonna chill
take around see my man for a while too
long
whoa like a little vlog and driving like
that's my favorite I know sometimes I
like to blog with two cameras just we
shrug out the shop just to make sure
that you're not actually driving it
happens you want to keep your priorities
straight vlog first drive second look
seatbelt
look at Roman and dales complete
awesomeness of a monstrosity used to be
the best thing ever we just didn't have
the mom when we were so behind pull this
off what someone do that I just can't
wait to see this thing fall down it's
gonna be nice
look at my little guy so little fall
into a little belly
just slip the tables through it perfect
I decided roaming in Dale's tower was it
required too much dexterity and like
soil so I thought I'd make my own town
pretty basic but it's efficient and it's
guaranteed default it's just a stall
when's the smile more henna tramp stamps
come in make smile more trade stamps
there's no trick in this yeah rum I
gotta go baby
alright dude I'll see you tomorrow it's
been Han but tomorrow it is let's do it
rock it out I totally forgot to close
out yesterday's vlog well I didn't
forget I passed out if I'm being real
let's just be real I passed out you know
I passed out sorry I'm back at Romans
already editing and then I realized that
it didn't close that last night's vlog
so what time you guys should just fire
me fire me I'll see you guys today which
is today tomorrow I'll see you guys I'll
see you tomorrow
this is for real I'll see you tomorrow
today
sad
