today we're shooting a music video for
the band error 504 their local Columbus
they won the wild-card spot last year
for rock on the range all you have to do
is just sit right there and enjoy the
ride
let's get I'll bet you've never been in
a tattoo shop it has this rad of a play
place in the back look at this so you
can be up front getting your ain't done
bring the kids with you and they can be
back here just having a blast no take me
back here having a ball ha ha ha Mikey
ok everybody this is how much gear it
takes to shoot a music video
I'm sure I'm glad I carried all that up
he's just sitting on the couch I carried
everything it's time for some
refreshments
it's a vitamin water
- energy up you know I can't stop and
get refreshments without it's my
favorite look how beautiful it is today
look the snow it's pretty much all gone
it's 50 degrees outside you can't ask
for anything better bro this is
beautiful
stop the show no time
same
we're on the way to Mansfield it's the
day of the day's we're shooting an epic
music video today for era 504 what's the
song that were human injured whiskey run
the setting of the video is going to be
like a house party you've ever Ghent
gone on to the bar and you got wasted
you took a chick home you're like really
you think she looks just incredible you
go home you have an epic night with her
and you wake up the next morning that's
right man you'd rather chew your own arm
off then wake up next on this here over
the day today wait till you see this
girl huh she's pretty good-looking but
I'll let you guys be the judge for
yourselves
windy and Lucas we're taking over this
guy's house everything is blocked off oh
you know there's a party about to take
place here and they're gonna be
repercussions that's the most important
part right here man it's late
how away pictures will make you famous
the society take over someone's house
right here
this is the crane guys a 12 foot crane
sends that camera sky so so Zack asked
us not to film him while he's getting
his underwear on unfortunately even if
right even if we were allowed to film
that I don't think any man would
actually want no no no reason to film at
at all and you'll see in just saying why
it don't matter it's wrong no matter
what way you put it on big that coffee
did you know scoff yeah I know I'm sorry
I'm gonna have to go get us coffee we're
gonna have to go get everybody coffee
Paul no matter of fact I'm in shock that
was the most uncomfortable I've been in
years
scrap the track and dollies all set up
so smooth camera movement so we thought
it would be a good idea since Zack is
all dressed up we needed some coffee so
who better to send to get coffee than
what's your stage name let's die line
with what Thailand with Thailand by your
thigh at the thigh line Starbucks inside
the Kruegers so we have no choice other
than the Sims that here yeah
it's not a baby it'll be fine dude
you'll be fine it's not like you're
gonna have a hundred people hitting on
you
no I'm just a thousand staring at me
that's even better
they're crucifying
are you like snow strong coffee
grocer
Thailand you got fans already coffee
where's the closest exit the quickest
exit it took a lot of balls to do that
so mad props give this guy mad props
guys he is the champion drop the red
that's true don't ever drop the red this
cameras probably worth more than more
than a lobster oh yeah my boy what up
Ken Sonny
good to see you mark Tony
oh man the whole crews here this little
man almost done with the production of
air 504 is brand new video whiskey
runnin how you guys feeling about it
whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey
you guys are playing an awesome par this
music videos gonna be sick gonna be so
sick Joe so tired of this song
oftentimes been filming music videos
you'll find yourself compelled to have
half-naked hot chicks in your bin I
think we're pretty much at that point
you drape of rock all day
who knew my brain
stop
you know Fame
don't rain
you
my
so the music video was probably one of
the most spectacular productions that
I've had the privilege to be on set for
and you saw the footage I got to shoot
with the red camera it was sick I'll
make sure to share the link with you
when that when the video is finished so
you guys can watch it it's gonna be an
awesome video I can't believe we got big
boy Zack to dress up like a girl he
owned it he owned it but anyways I'm
gonna cut this vlog today I'll see you
guys soon may not be tomorrow but I'll
see you soon all the rhinestone Cowboys
been let out by look at that mm-hmm
where's the Spurs oh yeah hey get my
pants
