good morning snow that covers everything
and makes my life a living hell good
morning ominous clouds that appear to be
yet another storm to dump massive
amounts of cold as snow on my face that
I would rather not have
and good morning to all of you guys out
there watching I bet you're wondering
what Gilroy's up to today I'm going to
see Chad my buddy with the man cross
honor and AJ I'm director and producer
guy we're working on another music video
for that band instead of shooting it
locally we're going to talk about
shooting it out of state I just want to
say that I hope to god we get out of
this god forsaken arctic tundra that is
Ohio sup dude Emma you ready hey first
of all I was just telling everyone how
exciting the cool awesome day it's gonna
be because we're what we're doing oh
this is such a good day we're gonna this
is a big day yeah it's a big day Oh last
time last time I was in here something
tried to reach out and grab me dude
that's all right I had to run out of
here with a quickness I'm so scared bro
here sometimes I wasn't really that
scared I'm not big giant vagina but it's
creepy in here look there's all these
random piles of snow where you see like
there's snow no that's creepy dude holes
in the ceilings bro this is dangerous
I'm just gonna follow you okay
whoa dude dicks man don't I didn't
realize I needed a bolt for vest come in
here all right good to see you dude good
to see you honey mark all this is our
80s hair band model remi martan love
that everything that's gonna have yeah
yeah he's reincarnated oh yeah so here
we are this is twisted tattoo studio up
on high street right by high street
moisturizer Plymouth well just got here
doing a video cool shits about to happen
you guys know where's ironic that we
chose BW 3s because last time I was at
bw3 the spitball you remember the video
we did the blaze a challenge oh thanks
you guys down to do the blazing
challenge channels so you have to eat 12
12 blazing wings in six minutes 42
inside five yea the deep burn I'm gonna
tell you right now it's bad news
Veronica just called an i forgot again
sorry honey you know me it's a little
spot right here it's gonna be and then
whoever made the faint significant here
to what my main channel has to offer you
guys so I hope you stay tuned in for
that through this coat I'm bus put this
on that jacket
it's hot good boy all the rhinestone
Cowboys been let out buddy look at them
breathing agent cuz where's the Spurs I
hey do my pants yeah you got matching
pants magic any news no kidding yeah oh
my cue so I want to show you guys one of
the coolest parts of AJ's gear is this
little guy right here this is the red I
believe it's epic this thing is
seriously hey Eddie you can imagine
having to hold this thing for an entire
shoot that could be I when you start
doing major productions you go through
these little hard drives like credit
cards oh yeah if you want storage we got
story yeah five more how do you open it
everything okay in there buddy it's dark
you seem to be stuck just use the pin
bro oh here we go we got you a tool here
we go I'm sorry there you go your helmet
all your free brother everyone knew
let's uh bring about the bug about
something another jam here we go running
in the truck oh my god what's up
you can guys break into gambling of
these guys vocals oh my gosh if we go
with the riff from a title
let's get a well time it's oh hey man we
guna market i jus girls get banned dad
chicken man dad drinking ban that ticket
baby ticket and a just get data and one
out one down one down with down boom
boom some air lower tone not to receiver
alright guys huh I'll see you later yeah
I'm going to hang out with my hand
sherry it's her birthday um I don't
think you guys admit I'm sure yet if you
need like country style arts crafts it's
aunt sherry if you need something
delicious baked in the oven it's aunt
sherry if you want beautifully
hand-painted custom wrap Christmas
presents it's in shared my mom is there
an impasse on a look at Facebook
mom was just trolling facebook we found
that same Beach video that we scared the
kids it was pretty scary very nice or
over here she jump I heard that scream I
was like oh man gotcha I told everyone
how crafty you were I'm not grandma at
all don't let her lie to me she's good
to see not on her own
she is crafted yes you guys want some
really cool stuff made hit me up artsy
craftsy anything you want my Cherie will
make it and it'll be awesome of course
it well because she made because I made
with love with lush makes everything
with love that's the secret ingredient
you gotta have love embedded in there
somewhere or else it's just another
piece of whatever birthday
wait wait i have just been gifted the
most amazing gift it's all mine got a
cake on the line thank you another day
is wrapping up it's bedtime for all the
kiddies kitty bedtime we mean no what
it's not movie time it's bedtime bedtime
you're sleepy back Shh yeah branca is
gonna have to rock you to sleep home
oh y yo why do they like anything good
for his coat for you kids got their PJs
on dogs fed with the egg like we did
pretty good yes offered all we need the
ghost go to bed yeah yeah these day in
the morning these two shall wiggly
really their weekly sometime dr. pepper
you totally fell asleep right now is
that time where you sitting and watching
a movie and all of a sudden you wake up
and it's three hours three hours later
fell asleep you must sleep for at least
an hour and all right guys so that's a
wrap on today I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow morning
you
