I'm heading to lopers house I'm meeting
up with him and we're going to an event
it's a Walking Dead premiere party kind
of thing should be really really cool
it's out of shooting range too so
hopefully I get to shoot some guns that
mean wicked wicked awesome that's sick
dude do you see this last year I didn't
see it you told me about it oh okay yes
and then like comes out like that right
I like it
right that one oops so if you know okay
okay super super view you know
acceptable you know I like it we're
getting ready to head to this premiere
The Walking Dead premiere at aim high
right at aim high shooting center that's
where we're gonna go hey it's it's a
double camera view right now it's chases
vlog meeting my vlog welcome I should
say our vlog sorry you know when me and
Dennis when we catch vlogs
simultaneously you do the camera kiss I
think your camera and I slip out a
little tongue don't work she's cleaner
head yeah so while we leave TAS is
watching the kids what's up Tess nothin
Oprah and Randy are about to go shoot
zombies and I'm gonna stay here and
drink my coffee and be awesome
I love Colin I drink coffee every single
day this is a really big cup it is we
cheers coffee
West Palm Beach and LA let's go we have
wipes we're gonna baby drink a tea
things if I get hungry or have to puke
we're good
yes well you gotta have those that's in
case someone gives their arm chopped off
blows man truckers in their glove box I
did an emergency I know I do
matter of fact I saw a really cool
Facebook hook if you have diapers that's
the perfect beach Locker right so you
put your cell phone your wallet and your
keys in a diaper and wrap it up ain't no
what are you gonna touch that and I see
your radio station
we're spying we like to get our spy on a
little bit oh nice it's like I am okay
number on what exactly are we gonna be
doing clearly shooting guns we're going
to a gun range
his is to shoot gun there's also me BBQ
there and that's my thing so I've
brought lead some barbecue and shoot
some guns and walking deaths will be
playing the background some marathons
going on and what else there's a popcorn
rochedo she'll see what he get there's
freaking flesh
it's like popcorn maybe so
and only Randy would notice the popcorn
machine at the gun range
everybody else is worried about you know
shooting awesome guns like an m16
you know ar-15 or you know something
badass you know to be 30.6 but Randy
sees the automatic popcorn maker that's
awesome you should hear that fire right
inside this door they're premiering all
of the episodes of the season three mid
finale mid-season finale and it's on the
last episode right now let's check it
out come on
everyone's going to be shooting at these
zombie targets right the goal is to
shoot him in the head see on the back of
the target they've got little bull's
eyes so they'll be able to grade
everyone you got to shoot zombies in the
head everyone knows that a zombie will
never die unless you shoot it in the
head right right I mean nothing about
zombies in the head yeah it's common
sense oh my god this is exciting I'm not
to watch all our let's listener shoot up
the joint yeah usually they spoke I feel
pretty safe behind this class yeah
they're not gonna aim at us I mean
that's not that we're conditioned chase
okay they're unable target because they
want to win there are some of those
types of people out there like he said
he has people shoot the ceiling see if
it works you can see if it works will be
shooted on the range look at this guy do
not mess with this guy right here how
many we got on the white barely anything
on the way
that's good shooting man good shooting
yeah that'd be summer let me sum let
alone I'll leave all right so I guess
it's our turn to pull the trigger
everyone's getting the guy I'm gonna go
extreme I'm getting the girl I'm gonna
shoot my girl you're gonna man up and
shoot the girl
that's way easier to shoot over slower
hello Bertrand they're gonna go first
and I'm pretty sure I don't know I'm
gonna put my money on put my money on
you
he's got the girl
lies in the straddle force there is no
working that was good it was really good
that's good
we'll see your target it's really safe
it's good
a single one I got a pro job
what the crap hey not bad man
yeah that's something you practice holy
crap he's going to look at me good work
good work
whoa
then grip that gun you want a nutty
tight grip move this thing around
you're learning up here nice night for
it aren't you nice and tight do you want
to stop this kind of movement alright
okay close they squeeze the trigger
alright let the ground surprise you when
it goes off just keep a nice tight group
you're alright what's that
no go ahead and she just from the double
action position you're all set nice slow
steady squeeze alright so it's a 500
Magnum yes Luther Wesson 500 Magnum yep
and these supposedly that one of the
rarest guns it's the most powerful
production handgun in the world
damn that's serious business yes it is
slipper Randy and I pretty much just
hung out until
it's almost time I'm gonna head
I am so excited because I get to go home
see the brand-new episode of The Walking
Dead so the Walking Dead was great
Veronica did not make it alright guys so
thanks for joining me today I'll see you
guys tomorrow
you
you
