good morning guys good to see you I'm
back I'm back again I'm heading to the
project headquarters to do some more
work today
and in case you didn't know our haricot
sure is pretty
I got stuck in the driveway this morning
and I'm gonna get out
we don't have a plow so I couldn't have
to do some shuffling
suck something real bad I'm gonna see if
I can take you guys along with me today
and if not I'll have to see you after I
leave which would be about five o'clock
I'll watch this this will be the
shortest work day ever just like that my
work day is Oh
I have literally been buried in my
laptop all day long I have some ideas
for some Photoshop tutorials that I
think you guys can find use
I like to consider myself a Photoshop
master
I can do anything
I've been
using the program all day long and I
discovered some frustrating
circumstances that I want to help you
guys overcome if you ever reach that
point let me know in the comments how
many of you use Photoshop and are
pursuing like artistic careers
because it's fun it's a lot of fun
so I'm heading to Columbus to meet up
with loper from louver and Randy they
host a morning radio show in Columbus
1997 the Blitz
should be really cool
Jim a lot of tricks and stuff about
vlogging and shooting video and editing
and all this so
I'm excited so the meeting with Loper
went well
I think it's official to say that I will
now be editing Luca Randy's plugs
so I want each and every one of you from
this point on
tuna
Randi's belongs I'll get you the the
leak so that you guys can subscribe to
that you also be able to have the
opportunity to go in and hang out with
them at the radio station and
as you know I'm really passionate about
music so I'll be able to go visit you
know events and stuff like that so big
things come in more more awesome content
that I get to deliver to your screens
right right here I mentioned earlier
that I wanted to give you guys some tips
for Photoshop and the project that I've
been working on requires a hefty amount
of photoshopping about selections a lot
of anything that you do in Photoshop
requires that you have to make very
precise selections and it's not always
the case
we're making a selection is easy so I
wanted to show you guys how to cut
something out of a difficult background
and the little tricks that I've learned
to do that so check this out so the goal
here is to take this piece of rope and
we want to cut it out of the background
normally that's not very hard to do
except in this case the label on the
Rope very closely matches the background
so if we try and grab the magic wand
tool and just click once it's going to
select within 20 because we have the
tolerance set to 20 it's gonna select
within 20 pixels of that shade of white
that we sampled by clicking now if we
try to erase this background it's gonna
give us some unfavorable results
and first what you want to do if you're
trying to extract this and you start
erasing you're gonna get just a white
background because white is our colors
for the foreground and background if we
switch that and started erasing it would
turn the background the black neither of
those are the results that we're looking
for
so first what we have to do is go over
to your layers panel and unlock the
background layer since there's only one
you can either unlock it by double
clicking you can name the layer rope
click OK and start erasing and then you
get your transparent background or you
can instead just drag the background
layer down to this new layer icon and
it'll copy that so you could essentially
hide the background layer and then start
erasing and you still get transparency
but if you show that layer then you lose
your transparency so usually what I do
is I just unlock this layer will name it
rope
all right so a little trick the a good
friend of mine taught me today is this
isn't all bad this selection because
really what we're after is to cut this
whole thing out and we can do it in two
steps so you can start erasing with that
selected you can start erasing the areas
of the rope we don't really want to
touch the label yet because if we do
we'll erase the label behind the
selection which again isn't what we want
so let's take care of this part erase
all this
and I'm just gonna get nice and close to
the label there and the same up here
okay now let's deselect that command D
we'll clean up this stuff down here now
we want to make a new selection because
it's very hard to get a good solid edge
just by taking a brush across it doesn't
look very good it's not straight so what
we'll do is grab this polygonal lasso
tool we're gonna make a straight edge
all the way across there and now we can
erase it just like that
same thing at the bottom
boom there you go so that's pretty cool
right
I hope that some of those tricks can
help you guys with your selections in
Photoshop Photoshop is a super amazing
program and I love using it I love being
creative with it I want to show you guys
some more stuff and I will I just want
to do things one step at a time little
tips here and there and let me let me
know you guys do you want me to continue
to put these little tips inside the
vlogs or should I do them as separate
videos I don't know which way is best so
you guys let me know and with that it's
spelled 12:30 and it's time for bed
because I have a long day tomorrow
and you guys are coming with me so with
that I'm gonna hit the sack and I will
see you guys tomorrow
