guys we're here I'm I'm back I didn't go
anywhere
I feel bad that you haven't seen me for
a couple of days but I'm here I'm still
here everything's fine
today is a special day because it is the
album release parties for cross waters
so I'm getting geared up for that this
morning I had a photo shoot what are you
doing
I did some senior photos for for a
friend of mine who goes to school in
Newark and I didn't vlog that because I
didn't want to create them out it was
kind of a professional job so I wanted
to keep it I wanted to keep it cool now
you ready to jam tonight yeah I'll tell
you what I'm ready to jam and I'm super
excited because cross solder that all
the guys are really good friends of mine
and I just think tonight's gonna be an
epic party
unfortunately Veronica has to work and
joust with the broom so she will not be
with us sucks but you're still you're
still with us in our hearts good good
good so I got to get everything ready
we're gonna fill them a little bit of
the show tonight so that I can put it in
the vlog for tomorrow so you guys get to
see everything including a portion of
their performance which will be really
cool so let's do it
what up mark do in the sims little shiny
that's right yeah yeah Chadwicks
I should do my knee hey buddy you ready
to rock
you know I'm ready to hear you rap just
wait just just wait though I can see
myself in your symbols bro is that Mike
Michael you're bad you're good at
getting things tuned up hey my cock
needs a good tune-up right when you're
done take a look at your work Tony baby
Tony's gonna give us the exclusive sneak
peek of the finished album artwork
womp-womp I wonder who did that they're
pretty good
hey guys pretty good man let's go what's
up cam I'm glad you showed up you're
like you're like that guy I was just
always late I unloaded that did you
impact it yeah so and the chat where was
Chad where was it oh yeah Chad was
tuning drums what when I got here yeah
you guys remember Cameron right
Cameron's the guy who plays the guitar
and I can't just say he plays the guitar
this guy shreds the guitar and
everything for like our senior release
party we know be playing like a prop it
looks like a problem doesn't yeah it's
all good I feel like every else every
person that's coming is gonna be like 60
to 75 they're all gonna be like
geriatrics in here
b4 yeah bingo
thank you
music
that's good that's good the audience
loves it yeah it was so good though oh
yeah I was rocking I think everyone had
to go home and have sex that good it was
that good I was playing and halfway
through their walk - yes I said man I
gotta go home and do it because that
song go ahead Chad I love that you're
drinking tea bro
every good singer before the show you
need to drink tea because it helps why
green tea honey
man vocals perfect hey everyone look who
just showed up well PJ is not in right
now
he'll be back a little later what we got
a big big surprise for you is this what
I need you to do is put your eyes in the
corner of that room right there I'll say
hello to dad you came up from Florida to
see it it'll be fun you can't see boys
right on
so pops is buying 20 upstairs in Florida
with this beautiful woman Michelle that
is so awesome dude
hello Michelle it's a surprise
yeah we're vlogging right now we're
blocking up yeah a blogger blog it's
blogs whatever you want it to come so on
cool I love it
yes sir Chad's dad came in from Florida
oh I'm sorry bro I didn't see their
trash dad came up in Florida just to see
the show tonight dude who from Florida
yeah this is gonna be the most memorable
night a versatile
and we're rolling film baby all day so
here we go it's about time you like oh
you're a fan thank you so much
what's your name dude I'm so sorry I'm
is such a huge fan thank you for
watching these guys thank you
all right guys good luck all right we'll
see you out there and always remember
that's honest job
I
my man
Theodosia keys today this Saturday 8
o'clock Columbus Ohio see crosswalk
we got a photo bomber shit'll after show
us completely fat sack McDonald just one
map but boy
thank you for going to make get
McDonald's for me hahaha I'm so nice
good roadie man he's a good roadie I'm
leaving bro
what yeah I gotta go keep watching this
videos feel so good
sit down that was a ton of fun you guys
thanks for coming along with us I miss
ya I'm glad you're still here with me I
do apologize for not vlogging the past
couple days I had a couple projects that
I was working on that I really couldn't
vlog so I do apologize but I'm still
here lots more videos to come so that's
about all I got for you today I'll see
you guys tomorrow
