so today we're here with Dennis no
what's up Roadmaster and Tracy know
Tracy's new driving for us today because
she's a really good driver yeah the only
news is really not that I'm a bad driver
chase is filming and the nighttime I
gotta be out doing things so we need
somebody to drive exactly today were
filming a good D yeah good deed dirty
deed kind of thing you know both it's a
mixture so basically we're going to give
a strong away it's a really nice
stroller and any parent could use a good
stroller to use especially a
three-in-one especially a three and you
know about that yeah yeah oh yeah it's
really nice when you can just grab your
car seat and then plop it right in the
stroller so we're gonna leave no in the
stroller with stereotypical please help
I can't take care of my baby there good
I read the note and then they're gonna
say what WTF
then they're gonna look inside the damn
thing to see if there's a baby in there
then there's the baby and you gotta
watch the video to figure out the rest
but in the end they get the stroller
yeah yeah and here's our baby doesn't it
the head she really is soft skis are
dealing some lucky person is going to
open up their door there's gonna be this
stroller sitting there hopefully they're
gonna give us the reaction that we're
looking for
if they don't work taking a back
that's cute man so here's the stroller
this nice little stroller we're gonna
give somebody and lucky recipient that
looks nice you've done that before it's
cold man I don't know who don't leave
that baby out here this needs to be
coming up more so they don't see that so
that's a wrap on it on our cute little
deets video it was cute
it was cute man who's on that woman's
face she was like at the end she's like
I thought that was a real baby yeah he's
he's happy man I don't have to pay for
that I know there's a nice stroke yeah
it's a nice drawer it's that I should
make things easier for them yeah which
is what doing what Dennis does is all
about it is helping spread positivity
and making people you know realize that
there are good people out there chase
like that Brody deeds so if you haven't
already make sure you go over to Dennis
Roady deeds and watch a lot of his
videos
it's youtube-dot-com forward-slash
Dennis Roady oh that's that's good
that's a good plug gets a solid plot
Gilroy blog slash forward slash in wood
vlogs if you haven't seen chase Gilroy
blogs yet make sure you go to
youtube.com forward slash the Gilroy
blogs and then you catch some awesome
you want to see the number one dad
she's Guildwood logs right there dude I
really appreciate that weird laundromats
but whenever they watch this video it's
gonna be they've already found what
better place to eat after filming a cool
video would be dumb yeah so we're doing
the blazing twelve one six minutes
I wasn't going to do it but you said
you're doing these guys doing bro
you're the challenge man I know well
just like a lot of my challenges I'm
probably gonna lose but I'm gonna still
do it and that's the thing you can't be
afraid to do something because you're
gonna lose or fail at it just do it cuz
you never know
blazing challenge
you're the guy whose sister goes and I'm
like they said no YP no dipping you it's
just straight up eat 12 wings blazing
hot as can be able to meat off the bone
all the meat off the bones which I don't
ever do that anyway yeah we're gonna be
covered in blazing sauce I don't know
but it's gonna be fun listen in my mind
I'm like I'm gonna smash those words but
in reality because we all know that
reality is different reality in reality
it's not gonna like take three bodies
and be like bro that oh yeah I'll just
keep these over here before you even get
to drink this I'm gonna have you hold up
your time some things oh yeah
this has bad news written hold on let me
smell it
oh really only 40 seconds in
we got this you got this you got this
you only wanted it happen
whoa shake it out shake it out
but you are sweating like a
Oh
this is my own
no it's not got a minute 40 seconds to
finish book
what's the time yeah one minute 12
seconds for it
there's no way bro
so the last one this last one you get
that come on 505 506 507 official time
510 virgin milk you still get this
though
this was that decision bro wit my face
so do the challenge can you be chase you
didn't even get it so we can beat chase
you win five minutes ten seconds oh yeah
bro want you to smile more can't hurt
Jace I'm out
are you gone I'm leaving good read
pieces out of here okay once you hear
will give me a high five anyway I'll see
you later video son that you filmed yeah
alright man I love you I'll see you
later all right guys that's gonna do it
for today
just get back home and everyone's asleep
the blazing challenge is still killing
me and well we'll just do this all again
tomorrow so make sure you're here I'll
see you guys tomorrow
