I know the whole point of hiding just so
they can't find you is that good run
let's see your cape whoo yeah Liza Ronda
huh she goes I'm super so I'm really I'm
going to be straight with you it's
already 5:00 something I'm sorry 6:00
Sunday spent the day taking good care of
my little girl Liza did you have fun
with Daddy today yeah
what about a high five if you had fun
you better give me high five oh you're
so super you're gonna get mad at super
high five give him a high five
whoo it's way different what girls are
into as opposed what boys are into more
kids anyway I spent my afternoon
brushing baby's hair baby dolls hair
which Liza trying to put up ponytails
and stuff after the naps course super
cold out blizzard conditions not so much
here but it snows when the Sun comes out
and that's all that you
you get the idea we're trying to
download some battlefield inside here so
we can play games with boys later you
can't do anything outside it's stupid
now you'll play one song and another one
ice-cream to play a song and I'll be up
there on stage with you guys are you
gonna do it okay not it's not like this
yeah so few Sundays here you got you got
you work on I facing you dude
you can do it everyone tell them in the
comments Colin you can do it it's going
to be super cool and it will be your
first rock concert what kind of rock
concert but the first like public
appearance is calling the Grice call it
the great
singing learning songs music track I'm
gonna let them do their thing by
themselves we'll just give them their
time blue dark adjustment adjustment mmm
look what veronica's go feel good on the
other side it is no one again hopefully
winter is going to use one last you know
tomorrow should be a couple degrees
warmer than today and then the next day
will be a few degrees warmer than
tomorrow and then we just get to see
this upward trend so that's pretty
exciting
and we are going on a trip in our
favorite rocket ship - preciate ya so
something we all need is to get away
from this and we're going to go to the
beach and hopefully it's a little bit
warmer but East Coast North Carolina
doesn't really warm up like we want it
to be until May usually the way it
happens is when we leave our spring
beach vacation the following week at
super one you you read that one so as
you can tell it is dinnertime and if you
didn't guess already Taco Tuesday we got
here's what I'm excited about these are
I guess like Taco Bell's get really
close looked a bit but me a native that
whoa oh sorry don't look who's talking
over these are like regular nacho cheese
goons are like a nacho cheese I'm pretty
excited side the brunt of dinner classic
dodging salad yeah kind of looks and
smells delicious thank you so much for
cooking you're amazing can I was calm
kissing oh I gave too much worth in your
discussing the current status of our
Honda Civic which really we rarely drive
right now it's over two hundred fifty
seven thousand miles and two I guess got
issues the air conditioning complex
seized up and so we had to like rig it
we had to bypass the air conditioning
pump with the shorter bail so we just
bypass that pulley and never fix this
doing some like tire brake changes or
something on both front tires there's
four bits for love pattern this is only
there's only three logs on both front
hair because when I put the love back
home it just shred it to post and to get
to get the post out you literally have
to pick apart the whole entire ball
joint everything and it's just a
nightmare this is a real big nightmare
so we gonna do it with with the Honda
because it's close to death it really is
if we put some writing in it I think if
we put money in it we could probably buy
a new car for $10,000 because it'll cost
that much to fix it in MI realistically
it just needs the a/c pump fake alright
the front I think it needs brakes
transmission holders there is a time and
situation too I think
let's bought the car and it had like
87,000 miles on it and the guy at Honda
was like you usually run you know just
keep your eye out around 105 thousand
miles you
honda's people typically want to change
the timing belt
never teen that one was pure neglect but
so it's just one your prize Megan dude
why don't you take care of evil I'm not
a mechanic
and aside from lack the basic tune-up
oil change
thank you different settings that I
really look I just never so how about
them look uh well you're probably also
saying dude your big famous youtuber why
don't you fix your car well there's also
misconceptions that just because you
have a lot of like followers or viewers
or something that you have a lot of
money and I'm here to tell you that's
not true every ride with our children in
the vehicle yeah we don't really save
them in that car so uh last time yeah
hashtag Gilroy get a new Civic but we're
trying to save for our 10-year wedding
anniversary to go where somewhere
awesome where what do you have in mind
the mall knives do a live oh you change
your mind why Mel dies this like blazar
yeah babies alien you were good pal and
hang out with you yeah hello Jude yeah
look at that part nigga here's my mother
is the place you go to have those like
cabanas on a water now you can literally
go out your shower
jump and dive in the ocean which is
crystal clear but I think the ticket for
my last vacation for 2 is somewhere
around 15 where in 15 grad Oh
imagine for a second what my drone
footage would look like and any of those
places okay good talk
boys go give daddy kisses I do it oh
here he comes
would you just said I can't wait for
summer
I know it's just coffee look 14 degrees
Branca left no gas so I couldn't improve
heat the Jeep and the lawyer you could
mention that brake light there that I
was driving the other day it's some sort
of sensor malfunction not the actual
ebrake but yeah I honestly feel like I'm
getting a sore throat a real I felt like
hoots last night so I was like you know
I'm gonna lay down on this couch and I'm
going to try and feel better by getting
some extra sleep so good a super poop
yes good look this bubble
again
so check this out after I take a nice
hot shower I go downstairs after I get
dressed and I'm checking my emails and I
got an email from Adobe being a creative
cloud member having all the the Creative
Suite you know like Photoshop and
Premiere to do my stuff they're having a
contest with imagine dragons I'm a real
big fan of imagine dragon and they're
allowing you to download all the assets
that they've created for their music
video for their new song believer and
I'm going for it like I really think I
could cut together a pretty sweet music
video and the grand prize $25,000 so
that's cool and I also decided that you
know the one thing that makes you feel
really good is a nice fresh haircut and
I am well overdue so I just pulled in
its gonna say here cut I love it I love
it
it feels great alright so the other
thing I wanted to do this morning before
we actually end today's video in
cooperation with a couple others wanted
to do a giveaway for a subscriber
milestone as you know we are wicked
close to 500,000 subscribers thank each
and every single one of you for for your
amazing support and I wanted to do
something special and this is kind of in
collaboration with our twitch channel
you guys know we do twitch livestream
and we gain it up so I have a really
cool pretty pig giveaway upcoming there
she is guys that's right the giveaway
item is going to be comes from whistling
I'm about to go pick it up right now and
I just want to kind of like this is my
way of saying thank you and this
giveaway is for the most die-hard of
gladiator so being a die-hard gladiator
you've got to be one of
most engaged you always like you always
share you always provide positive
comments down in the comment section
before that I'm going to provide you
with the platform to have even more fun
with us and our community so let's go
get it oh my gosh you guys this is the
last one in the store so this is the one
we're going to get it's going to be a
giveaway and this is going to be the
ultimate gamer pack we're going to be
giving away a couple of games as well
plus the console and this one has
minecraft so obviously you can play with
the kids too because the kids love
minecraft and they play it almost every
single day so I'm pretty excited now
I'll be doing a update and in the very
near future of all the details and when
we'll give it away obviously it's a
subscriber milestone giveaway so once we
get 500,000 subscribers will give you a
500 gig of the Xbox one app I'm pretty
excited I hope you are too
thumbs up today's video for that and
that my friends is where we're going to
leave you for today so I want to say
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
you
