so you can still see the grass but
apparently there's a shitload of snow
out there
the highways closed down and my buddy
Scott is stuck so I gotta go bail him
out I seem to be the bailout King if you
guys ever need anything just give me a
call come bail you out seven days shut
down
no one's moving either direction end up
rescuing Scott but he was stuck in such
a place that I didn't film it because I
don't know if I would have got in
trouble we did but you're free dude yeah
yeah look at this big old giant drift in
front of my garage door it's huge just
like all right it's a snowy day oh let's
do some playing in this snow
boy
that is how you play and snow God love
this go prep man I put this GoPro in
some serious situation snow and mud and
anything else that can throw at it
highly recommend where everything's done
outside we're done playing around
outside and it's too cold actually I
don't want to be out there anymore
we were just sitting here thinking I'm a
vlogger so we should vlog yeah Roxanne
it's not be long idiot since we didn't
do a decent enough challenge last night
it was kind of just me and Dallas
spitting stuff into the sink why don't
we do something fun tonight yeah yeah
there we go all of us adults in this
room have decided that we want to do
what they call the egg roulette they
play it on the they do it on the Blitz
she's a local radio station here so
basically we're gonna all the
participants are gonna have that many
eggs and we're gonna hard boil all but
one and then one by one we're each gonna
grab an egg from the pot they're not
gonna break it over again so eventually
somebody is gonna get a raw egg em for
ya
makes your blue homes that take anyway
12 minutes 12 minutes too long I got a
challenge to do and here's the official
straw man I'm diggin it
PJ you got the short one so you win
first egg so one two three go hey
remember one thing really sucks
I really didn't think I was doesn't it
suck you got the ROI and you got to
clean it up well sorry budget a lot
right now I am just ecstatic that I
finally did a challenge and I didn't
lose because I seem to lose a lot heard
guys so that was a fun day we did
another little challenge for you I hope
you enjoyed that but it's late it's time
to go to bed I'm gonna edit this video
because we got lots more snow plane to
do tomorrow so I will see you guys
tomorrow
