alright so we're going to go to a new
project and I know we want it to be 25
seconds because I've already previewed
the clip broadcast nada 29.97 frames per
second that's good all right so what we
have to do now is bring in the clip that
I use and you just drag it from your
browser into your list of layers want to
fit it now I need to trim the clip to
where i'm going to use me because
Veronica didn't do very well so let's
just slide this
it's going to keep sliding it
this probably work better if you trim
the clip before you bring it in I'm just
trying to do this quickly
all right there I go I'm like to hell
with this I'm going to do it all right
so right about here we're going to drag
that over to the beginning and if i push
play
there's my awesome acting what is this
what is that it's me frozen Oh like a
ninja all right all right so we know we
got what we want inside our art play
area so now we need to do is copy this
group so can command g-man G whoops I'm
sorry I'm sorry its command D for
duplicate and now so that layers on the
top and just for namesake let's put this
as freeze oh let me learn how to spell
real quick okay alright so now we need
to scrub forward to the frame that I
want to freeze and use your forward and
back keys to find the best slipping
frame like that's the one
ah so that's that frame 441 so go to the
inspector properties go down to timing
we're going to say that endpoint is at
441 okay and you actually want to select
the actual footage instead of the whole
group change the speed to zero and
change the end condition to hold now
what we'll do is we'll drag this back to
the beginning so it shows up at the very
beginning of our clip now we haven't
mast anything yet so this is essentially
to video layers on top of each other so
if I hide the original layer there's
nothing below now if you see if I show
the original layer then you can see that
there's just basically two layers on top
of each other alright so now what I want
to do is make sure the play heads at
frame one and I want to do a mask click
and hold and get the busy a mask tool
and this is we're going to mask out the
figure where I'm frozen in the air and
going to do this kind of roughly because
it can take take a little bit of time if
you hit command + and then scroll you
can get a closer look at it
so just start masking don't go all the
way to the edge because we're going to
feather it and I'm just going to do this
kind of roughly olives
we have started good I messed up be
careful not to double-click the points
because then it will close your path and
that wasn't damask the path that we walk
and you can see it's kind of blurry ah
that's probably because I was in motion
I was moving pretty fast and I'm pretty
sure the camera was set to film at 30
frames per second so with quick emotion
you're going to get a lot of blur at 30
frames per second I should have probably
changed it to 60
I'm going to go ahead and do this real
quick and come back to you guys when I'm
finished
I wasn't
alright so now that we've went through
and we've added all the points for our
mask I pro should do this little area up
here you can see that but I know that in
the original clip I won't pass over that
and it's a still shot so you really
won't be able to tell the difference
alright so let's fit that to the window
and now if we scrub forward you can see
the original clip underneath with my bad
acting you can see me ha let's let that
play
nope alright so now we want to go back
to the point where am i where I line up
to that shot that we froze that frame
that we froze it to so that's it right
there and if you just hit make sure this
group is selected hit 0 for the out
point and then that layer will disappear
and one thing I wanted to do too is add
a feather to that mass so click the math
and get your heads up display and let's
feather that a bit let's hide that group
so we can see the effect better
alright that looks that looks good right
there I like that
alright so let's show the whole group
and let's play it back from the
beginning
yeah yeah all right one thing I noticed
too is real quick I want to select this
group and go to drop shadow let's give
it a drop shadow to help add to the
realism let's throw it way out there
there we go little blur
so it's really subtle but I think it
works well let's watch it again
all right awesome
you
