she brought my own cheesecake guys and I
love cheese good thank you sure it's
as robot straight lemon well I'm gonna
put it on my tongue ready
well maybe you should just put one draft
just one okay it's alright it's not good
no need long johns because it's freezing
you have no idea how cold is it what's
the temperature
I'm not even built like that you could
the wind could blow me away I'm so thin
friend I don't have any negative seven
that's beautiful they're working
hardship and smog waters working hard in
the smile more store hay cane where's
daddy
an airplane is he coming home today
Watson I'm just gonna quickly go on try
and put myself minecraft this is the
Minecraft nation I don't know what it is
with kids in Minecraft but they are
going nuts
you love minecraft you
I want to know how many of you guys play
Minecraft because that game is like a
virus very good fun fake arms Collin
give me a super secret handshake shake
my hand shake it you'll shake my hand
won't you alright be like so totally
excited or what yeah I'm just ready it's
been a long week feels like your first
date doesn't it look you're just good to
see him for the first time no I'm just
like and hold his hand all that like
stuff you just take for granted like
actually here alright Brittany have fun
you're welcome see you later
tell you that hi for me okay alright
right so I saw a tutorial like Zach king
mad props by the way and it shows you
how to like freeze-frame a subject in
the air but play back the video so that
it looks like she's walking around this
hanging person which is herself and then
jump into it and then that frame
disappears
and the video keeps playing just one
clip it just takes some like after
effects but motion
because I use motion all right I think
you should do it only that wall yeah
well pretend that you're like walking
around this hanging you and then just be
like puzzled right and then you should
take a step back and then you just jump
you're gonna have to do the acting first
yeah no all right all right so yeah
that's one all right take one all right
take 1265 we have to move downstairs
because the video quality is not good
enough in the dark lit living room it's
cold down here get it get the blood
going yeah yeah yeah look check it out
got my little setup for this clip this
seems like a more legit situation
you just kick man haven't you ever
watched Mortal Kombat oh my here you
hold the camera let me try it
now that's much better was it was it
good yeah it's good
I like the enthusiastic nude that is
dude there you go there's your shot
that's easy
alright now we take it into at a
computer
boy he thinks pretty good right I
actually wish I had a 60
frames-per-second click to get a better
mass but I think overall looks pretty
good alright guys well that was fun
that's all I got for you today thanks
for coming along I hope you liked the
video the little fun little clip that we
did but it's not perhaps to go to bed so
we will see you guys tomorrow
