so Veronica's still sleeping and we got
some fresh snow outside I think we
should uh we should wake her up
honey wake up oh man you got it whoo
good morning I missed you like that
honey
oh good morning ha ha oh yeah how was it
Hey
you might want to clean that off the bed
now I woke mommy up for you guys
mm-hmm I poured snow on her there's
every way he bored so oh my face love me
up yeah you're just joking dad no I
really did I did I can prove it I did I
swear I didn't see you I know cuz I
didn't want you guys to ruin it I wasn't
it wiped it all it wasn't too cold was
it was cold
yeah select oook my breath away so
Brittany just called she's got the
milkman stuck in the driveway
so I gotta go help bail her out we got a
fresh batch of smile more orders going
out you guys made me so happy I'm so
happy to have these small more shirts I
know I would
cuz I don't have any I don't wear small
one I was kiddin I dude Colin what I'm
so bored man mommy's at work and I just
want to have some fun what do you say we
build an epic fort yeah you want to
build a fort yeah well I need to tell
your secret all right tell me um are we
gonna gala gate um
love me kindness yeah yeah we're gonna
film it while building it
Wow building so we're gonna build a
really epic floor it's gonna be big but
how are you gonna make it tall we're
gonna use the chairs from your kitchen
and we're gonna put the blankets over
over them
oh so we have to use for like right here
three here okay
here their terrain here right there get
the chairs that one yeah yeah you got to
put them back to back like this with the
backs up like this and up like this
and then we need another one yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I have I have a better
idea we take this chair we put it here
oh yeah maximum height brother all right
we're gonna need some we're gonna need
some blankets we're gonna need some
flashlights cuz you gotta see in the
fort right yeah all right I'll go get
that flashlight all right let's go we're
gonna build a bike for Oh got a little
sleeping guy
well Carson was a little too crashed out
you didn't want to build a fort with us
we're gonna build a fort
but first we need to do it we got to do
some laundry every household isn't
complete without doing laundry why
but it's ain't just any regular laundry
room it's a luige is a loan that I met
so welcome to Louie to the laundromat
first we've got the put today Lord
detergent in it we've got a busy laundry
detergent that's right you fill the cap
one capful Luiza laundromat oh just a
little bit more okay that's right oh oh
that's very good very good
oh we've got the words of the sheets
we've got the wash of the sheet so we
sleep a nice and comfortable yep you put
the sheets into the washing machine then
they will be clean here but Dad what I
saw your bud do the better not to be
looking at in my bar okay and that's
about does it for today's Luigi's alone
that I mad
I think we got enough blankets right
we've got enough blankets we've got all
our chairs in place mark let's do it
yeah take the big blanket whoa hmm
another chair oh you're really bad oh no
long ways
ready yeah all right let's check it whoa
look at you hmm oh my gosh are both
we're both inside that epic fort we need
to make beds well I'm not sleeping in
here it's too scary scared me snap
really late
like your epic for yes is it totally
epic yeah sweet Colin and Carson did not
have school today because well I don't
really know why we watch the news today
well I think it was because it was
negative whatever it's cold super cold
it's supposed to be super cold tomorrow
it's supposed to be a hundred degrees
outside I wish we walk around in my
underwear I can't believe they would
close school just because it's cold yeah
I'm pretty sure that kids still have
school and thanks Alaska and it's like
negative a thousand freaking tired bro
yeah we're sitting in the chair and
looks like you're tired little Carlin's
gotta go sleepy
you
alright guys that's about it for today
I'll make sure to have some more
exciting things to show you tomorrow
maybe Veronica will have something
planned for me alright guys I will see
you tomorrow
