hi grandma I missed you are you taking
my picture yeah smile smile smile
I got no teeth what that's all right
my grandparents played the Wii and their
favorite game on the Wii is the Mario
old-school Mario Brothers Mario grandpa
Mario yeah they're so funny he doesn't
even know how to work the TV to put it
on so my mom got my poor grandma Kindle
for Christmas and she can't find it how
she can't even remember she can't even
remember getting one so now we're
trashing her house trying to find this
Kindle now the Kindle as you're talking
about that little computer yeah there
used to be something called a cassette
tape and you can you know you slide it
in your your stereo and that's the
cassette by God you can hear music I
don't know how it works so I got
Veronica a vanity for Christmas right
and it came with this chair I got it at
an antique shop this chair was all
rickety and so I have to fix it and glue
it clamp it you got a tiara it's too
much
that's fine
she's clamped clamp back bitch dawn I'm
messing about no more
don't mess with it if it falls apart
after this you're getting a new chair I
know I'm a big fan talk about my
favorite ever taco is the fiery Doritos
locos taco anyone who knows me knows
that I love look Doritos if I was
stranded and could only have one thing
Doritos would be one of those things oh
yeah I can imagine how excited I was
when Taco Bell came out with a Doritos
shell cheese roll up your favorite thing
ever
mm-hmm yeah what you got a little cheesy
burrito huh hmm rado a little cheesy
burrito for your mouth yeah Veronica
sitting in the garage
let's see if she likes how I pull my car
in
sorry my foot slipped off the gas poor
flower me again today was kind of short
I know I'm sorry but I promise tomorrow
morning I am going to get Veronica she's
gonna have a rude awakening let's just
say that so that's all I got to I'll see
you guys tomorrow
