when's the last time you saw bacon
cooked like this it's a little
contraption I found at the kitchen
collection and it lets you microwave
your bacon I've loved putting to
basketball my eggs my wife always looks
at me like I'm crazy when I put hot
sauce on my eggs but I love it just look
at it you can't really tell but it's
snowing like up
for all you guys you don't ever get to
see snow well just look at it I'm too
tired Carson I think you should drive
yes
keep turning Oh God there you go
turn it back well good job
straight lemon juice I think you should
try it just to sit yeah it's a big sip
do it
your face was supposed to go something
like mm-hmm
I had already got that but I was
fresh-squeezed oh that's good and that's
nice as opposed to rotten squeezed right
guys I've been up in my room in my
office mime and in pretty much all day
so far working on the cross water album
artwork and here's a little preview a
little a little element that I'm using
for the design of the cover what do you
think that is give you a little hint
break I don't want to go kind of over to
fight somebody Carson I really want to
fight somebody you want to fight no I
mean let's do some rock on Sock'em
robots ready to ready
whoo I got you boy no I just won round
we did the first round that's it but
ready set go all right that's it just
want to play with you hey what's going
on brother
we're gonna play a game tonight and you
are gonna participate just get over here
okay sounds good how about if I just had
the best idea ever me PJ and Dallas are
gonna play the game whoever loses has to
put up this picture that I'm gonna take
of them in that outfit on their Facebook
wall for 24 hours
whoever can put all the marshmallows in
their mouth is safe the last person is
the one who has to wear a dress mm well
chase my friend and sexy I'm just gonna
have to be to be mean I scared wear a
dress
um I am comfortable enough and my
sexuality to rock that mother Drexel you
said be more exciting I would have been
like my ass off if that is one of you
guys whatever you need a few bobby pins
hair is awful but a behind your ears do
this well we definitely shave our
armpits that's for sure I don't have to
have a dress on you have manners
says who I'm just trying to know throw
the weight down on Santa bro behind
well that was a ton of fun Wow I get to
wear a dress I got to get my picture
taken you guys are gonna see all this
tomorrow well today actually if you're
watching this will be today this foal
goes up let's try and do this every
Friday I want to try and do something
fun every Friday so maybe you could
leave me your suggestions what kind of
game can we play every Friday and then
give some sort of awful awful
consequence so I'm interested to you
guys come up with I'm gonna call it a
day for tonight see you tomorrow bro
you're the man thank you man hey bro
