what is happening you guys welcome to
the vlog today I hope everyone is doing
fantastic because these guys with me we
are currently on our way to check the
post I'm pretty excited because you guys
I don't know if I mentioned it we've
gotta keep late working job check me out
that's how you park a Jeep you put the
tires up on that curb I know today's
intro that was exciting right that was
like full of energy I don't know why but
I'm feeling like I'm full of energy
today how are you feeling Carson maybe
it's cuz that's under bolt you've got on
your shirt you do you have a thunderbolt
it's true look at this guy
you know what Carson it's just about I
Patrick yeah and her in our short friend
Matt and I know one of you wants me to
beat him up again but I can't bring
myself to it was a Jacob Hill threating
he wants to do a leprechaun prank and
we're trying to figure that out any
comments suggestions we put him down
below we might use it I think I'm pretty
good idea oh alright Carson good job
carrying that box hey let's go swimming
in this canal you want to oh he's doing
it he's doing it he's doing it because I
do it he's not doing it oh oh
no but seriously does that canal you
guys remember the hold on you guys
remember the Buckeye Lake situation
right this is a canal that leads to Baja
Lake and last year at this time it was
all dry there's good news because the
water levels are coming back up so maybe
this summer we'll see water levels again
I don't know
Oh Carson he dropped the mail he trust
me
while of Narborough mati
you know really finds one of you guys to
know I'm not alone are very you better
not be that lucky
that's that except in your chair
everything look at you I'm seven nude
fair on your everything that's what you
get for a mine not a butter taking man's
Nutter Butter you got that gum I know
when I look at the website that is my
jacket model one don't have a name can I
have it
nope did you like that chocolate let's
open this box you won't open this month
okay okay we got this mod in the post
office
well it's dark and now we got to see
what's on your side
here we go we're opening the box and
we're almost there
okay reveal
let's do the Super Mario Brothers water
bottle time to look at that water bottle
hey bean is amenable for bone mass
there's a lavender chamomile in the
mazes on Danielle wait there's a light
that when you think about well can we go
it's a creative twinkle star pillow it's
a toy look Liza I have a stay on
rohingya tail you like throwing a tail
that's one hey girl now I've seen this
and it made me think of you
hope you like it it's a funny guy mug
it's a funny guy mug look here exercise
exercise exercise exercise for bacon
bacon haha that's funny some of that you
would use for your coffee when you're
traveling and you needed to put coffee
in your mug when you're traveling like
that gang so this is sent to us from
Amazon but we don't get to know the name
of the person who sent it
I don't think if you sent us this lovely
box with all these wonderful things we
thank you so much you can go and send
like a there's a link to go and tend to
think you know you can scan and stuff so
we'll definitely be doing that what
officially thank you
oh you must copy on that either poster
sizes okay yeah
cute picture like a rough heart that
misses their Bronco my condolences with
the loss of your grandpa oh that's very
nice who sent that who did that
lots of love from Jer from Holland Oh
Thank You Jer from calling young boys I
like that picture so there's a month
pictures early that's very thoughtful of
you guys thank you so much for sending
stuff if you have the desire to send
this management card or anything at all
we love just simple handwritten letters
so we can like get to know you guys
connect with you on like a personal
level so it's really cool stuff so if
you are interested sending us anything
at all the does the digit
yah yah yah yah yah
thank you pieces the PIO Box address
down below
we just got in the car and I'm like
sitting straight up up on the back so
where's the button and hang on let me
get over and I'm trying I'm gonna win
the gun it's okay it's all power okay
moving back off the - honey what like
what I'm not you thinking we're trying
to get tires for the Jeep so chase kind
of annuitize was having meltdowns all
that kind of stuff so whoa my car what
my car's not working you better push
that guy Mike hot baby we're really not
doing part time we're headed to town we
did have to stop by Tessa so to grab
something today I'm just feeling kind of
like it's dark and gloomy and ground
hold down I'm just like what she's
slacking on me this is not bedtime so
not failed okay Tessa totally lame in
the bed here entry plenties and like
that man right but oh my god on walked
because I walked up to this counter
because I was going to go ask an
associate like excuse me there's like
something in that bad I'll she's asleep
right but there's like a huge line over
there and this register that was here is
gone thank you come here why don't you
ask her
oh I should have her
excuse me ma'am ma'am what they're going
No
he sure played some ball go right there
Oh only knew they moved all my gosh
scared me to death we have to do some
business nothing we have to have some
t-shirts clean and I had shirts made
from this place before so I'm going to
Grandma's house you're on now
now I belong on them they're in here
this shop went oh yeah they were we're
down there but this is bigger for oh
they're obviously cramming and growing
it all not filming yeah do what we have
to talk about some keep it in there the
t-shirt I was busy so we came looking
around look at these little bows for
like all right you're gonna be on the
vlog say hi this is Ali I'm what's your
name Owen nice to meet you guys thank
you you're welcome
my guys you're welcome
Oh
what did you think well don't you be
doing that I've been a night that we're
not something done and finally today I
am over it my man you're kicking us out
of the mall everything's closing and see
how we stop here as this mastery is
pizza place for food because I'm getting
a little angry in this one can't decide
what you want that drives me nuts
I'm like do you want your mushroom
pizzas or do you want some orange Jesus
I don't care I don't I'm fine with
either she doesn't want to need to eat
angry what is sustainable for an
appetizer
okay so we decided on pepperoni mushroom
on the volsung pepperoni on half because
I'm like okay I understand because
Colin's the same way so we've been evil
and if I was in my shirt anyways the
pepperoni palm same way I hope they need
a whole bag of all pepperoni but he
doesn't like to coast on the seaside
Irie had a birthday cake I like anything
burning this is funny
we got nothing for pizza and we come
outside and look
nope that's a snowball hey wait money oh
wait it's not over here where I'm at
Cypress check Sam honey we're back
that was me that replied 30 minutes I
think so it's like pissing them just
left watch my how much hacksaw bridge
yeah I've got comfy clothes on
- then Oh Oh Liza you got all right
first of all hacksaw Ridge was a very
good movie based on a true story it's
about two hours long and change it's
kind of a love story but also a war
movie
very good I loved it and it was torn
between watching that movie or moonlight
which just won a Grammy and the preview
looks really really good I think we're
going to save them in life like tonight
or something but check this out last
night we go we get it the Sun falls and
there's no snow today we got this Ohio
bring is in like next week and this is
winters last kick in the nuts I said so
get it in winter you kiss it all your
boo-boo you want dad to kiss it you and
Dad to kiss goodbye
mark there you go so real quickly
Veronica has gone to work today and I'm
not sure what to do because I have a lie
that she would have been at the
babysitter today but she had a doctor's
appointment and Scott did go home with
Scotty he's going to come over we're
going to brainstorm some things
to do this week a few days from now the
weather is going to start changing for
the better I just want to kind of
explain like I was telling Dan last
night because Dan and I hung out while
Tesla Ross went out we in in the winter
months like I hate winter with a passion
the only reason I go outside in the
wintertime it's because there's snow on
the ground and you can either snowboard
or sled or do some fun snow stuff aside
from that I absolutely hate winter I
hate cold weather and Ohio has the worst
probably not the worst but I feel like
in the winter months I'm not a hundred
percent meat I could feel like I'm
somewhat mildly depressed because of the
weather
so as the weather changes back into some
warmth some sunshine you're going to see
a whole different Gilroy and I think
that was a pair in the beginning of
today's video like I had a lot of energy
and that's because I feel like there's
light at the end of the tunnel I want to
know your guys's opinion if you live in
a region where during the summer spring
and fall months it's like super nice
though and you're just happy but when
winter comes around it's like this just
feels like depressing so I toss around
the idea last night
do we like if we can reach a certain
point I would totally be willing to in
the winter months like consider if we
homeschooled our kids in the winter
months we move down south and we
continue the happy positive energy that
I love putting in these blog but we just
for the winter months we lived somewhere
else I can envision me down in Cocoa
Beach Florida area where I already have
family if we can just be out on the
ocean
we should go jet skiing we can do a swim
in at the beach I mean I think you can
still swim in the beach at least on
result but how cool would that be if for
the winter months we just keep the heck
out of this and we go and we go and have
some fun in the Sun that would be pretty
epic right nothing I think I think it
would
okay so that's some food for thought and
a perfect place to end today's video I
want to say as always you guys thank you
so much for hanging out with us and
watching and loving and liking and
sharing and and participate in in the
comments section of our videos it means
more than you could ever know let's have
a light go on today's video and get I
don't know 25 likes on today's video so
that guys we're will leaves for today
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here you
tomorrow okay tomorrow
