it's always wise when you're going to do
photos or anything really always gonna
make sure you have all your stuff so you
got my camera lenses ooh I forgot this
one before ever leave home without your
battery the memory card for sure you
ready yeah where we going
grandma's don't jump in there this thing
when I first started driving I'd back up
into that stupid thing and put it how it
is right now obviously someone hit it no
pepper
well so everyone's mom's house has old
pictures of themselves hanging on the
walls from school way back whatever look
at this that's a little Gilroy right
there oh here we go here we go look at
that I don't think I got any cooler I'm
still the same dorky little guy every
summer we go to the Outer Banks favorite
vacation spot and now right now is about
the time looking at new houses to ranch
we always get houses that you can rent
right on the beach and you have to have
four-wheel drive to get there because
the road ends and we always go I don't
know five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifty
sixty seventy to ninety twenty miles up
the beach or something I love you buddy
you gotta go
by calling I love you
love you bye dad see ya
in Perry County it's not uncommon to be
stuck in traffic and the traffic is
horse and buggy so for those of you who
have seen the video this spot right here
kind of dark but this is the scene in
cross waters music video where they were
all together like playing playing music
of course it was lit a little better and
we're shining yeah pretty shiny man that
was an awesome video if you guys have
not seen that video yet go check it out
so we're going into the spa we're gonna
take their photo and this is how
treacherous treacherous it is to get
there oh my gosh I can't fit we have
made it yeah we should probably not
touch that one's not that bad it's right
that one my sake
I am literally inches from the edge dude
whoa
I think that's I think that's cool man
that's a good angle all right stick some
shots still at night let's store it and
then after that we'll take some pictures
taking photos of dudes and bands is
probably the worst thing ever
I'm just kidding you guys rock man only
think yeah what's this guy's steaming
for
really yeah Audrina what year is this
what kind of car 26 Buick 26 man that is
a piece of history right there look at
that those wheels
dude you're messed all right so we're
heading to the next spot which is I had
this idea for a photo shown downtown
this year is a pic of destiny my god
I played it no wonder you guys are so
good you got the tire the trouble with
you I played this so this bit not as
tight as I wanted I wanted I was
thinking like all the way down brick
brick wall all the way down good I'm
loving it look at these guys loving that
shot I want to show great thing you like
it you like it
all right guys check it out check out
the shot tell me what you think I think
we got that superhero bug this here look
at me this is my guitar that got stolen
a long time about very much sentimental
value to me which one which one is it
Ibanez right there was a white on the
side Oaks I had a broken neck on the top
it's all broken signature music fixed it
for me and now it's in here because
somebody stole it I just needed a couple
bucks I didn't think it'd be so he said
are you famous like a day pizza for me
Oh buddy I'm gonna eat all that
ok guys guys guys that sounds great now
but I gotta go
you gotta leave already I'm sorry but I
gotta go cross solder is having a their
first CD ever release album tell him
about it guys like so high oh we see a
release party Moose Lodge February 1st 7
o'clock three dollars three bucks swing
bands free I know I'll be there and I
hope you guys are too so that was cool
right yeah oh my god dude we gotta go
off the store and it's dark bro you
can't see jack oh my god dude I can't
see anything I can't say anything cuz I
feel like we're in the Blair Witch
Project right now dude I can't see maybe
it's cuz it's lights in my eyes
Dallas
Dallas where'd you go oh my god here's
100 yeah dude there's something in there
man I have not been that scared in a
long time dude
how you gonna leave me like that I was
trying to get out safely without me I
got the keys bro
you guys ready to go build your slime
yeah yeah yeah nope we still got to
build the crystals tomb but we probably
can't do both tonight all right mom I'm
gonna go I'll see you later thanks for
watching the boys hey I got to give a
huge shout out to my mom and Brittany
and her grandma and her mom and everyone
who helps watch the boys while we go out
and do what we do for without you it
would be nearly impossible so Colin got
a sci-fi slime for Christmas and we're
gonna try and try and make some slime
into here just fill it up I don't know
to Anne Hathaway or something
that stuff's really thick so 5 to 10
drops and stir it for 5 seconds all of
it look at that man it's one is that
slime its portal flop ran out plumbing
that started from liquid man up here
what yuck we think arson it's awesome so
that's how you make proto plasmic slime
well goodnight buddy love you yesterday
I promised you that if you left comments
that I would answer in the face at the
end of today's vlog so question comes
from Deanna Cassidy I know this is only
your fifth vlog but how long do you
think you have logged for please keep it
out love them I'm gonna vlog every day
for as long as humanly possible that's
the best answer I can give you Raul and
drawed a what inspired you to start
vlogging would really like to know and
smile more
well Raul I started vlogging because I
recently made a huge change in my
professional career Roman suggests that
hey man you should start vlogging and I
thought well a pretty cool idea you know
and it would be good for you guys to be
able to watch as someone made the
transition from like a daily
nine-to-five job and then start doing
something that they love so that's why
this one comes from Liz and lizard can I
babysit your kids
probably not but thanks for asking
Ryan mcgrann wants to know did you guys
all grow up together and the short
answer that is no because Dennis came to
us through Craigslist but Roman and I
did grow up together we went to high
school together Elementary I used to
stay the night at his house all the time
in tendo 64 with golden diamond i was
our game most of otaku she wants to know
how old am i I am a very lively thirty
years old I know it'll look like it but
it's true all right and the last one
from my good body ray tool bear what's
your favorite game on xbox other than
call
duty in Halo skate I used to skate all
the time and I think that that game is
just wicked awesome it's a lot different
than Tony Hawk where you can do like 17
kick flips in a row but skate is
definitely one of my all-time top
favorite games alright guys that that
about does it today let's keep it going
keep giving me comments and stuff and
we'll do question and answer all the
time okay so with that I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace
