good morning so today I have to take
Carson school because we must the boss
I'll see you later
love you I've seen Colin in the backseat
because Colin is sick today
got done eatin his bowl of Cheerios and
was like daddy I don't feel good
took off to the bathroom made a deposit
today I'm off to go get a new tire
hopefully I don't have to buy a new tire
hopefully I don't have to buy four new
tires it's pretty expensive on the cheap
found out that my tire was too far
damaged to repair
sucks because that turned in $22 repair
into
we can't patch this and all your tires
are bad enough to be replaced
so I gotta get four new tires for
machining which sucks because that costs
a little bit of money
where you think about that from our
channel art putting the finishing
touches on my the banner that goes
across to my YouTube channel and that's
what I come up with what you think I
think it looks pretty damn cool yay
Carson's home health school buddy good
yeah
Carson's in preschool and he only goes
to school for what two hours now it's
about three hours cuz it's go for three
hours
plays learn girl aside and that's it
and then you come home yep
yeah so back in the day Roman and I used
to skateboard heavily right we would go
to his parents factory and we had boxes
setups with little vert ramps and shit
and we would pretend like we were real
skateboarders and everything listen a
system Oh down and him and I was like oh
oh no we got so old she does a 50-foot
Ollie dig I left them on your ceiling
4head lazy day and the Gilroy house hey
why don't we just uh hey I got an idea
yeah from yeah why don't we just uh talk
to me just say it I don't feel like
going to work today I technically don't
have a job but I really want to call off
I've been dying to call off work also
why don't we just call random places and
call off work tell them we're not coming
in yeah I just don't feel like it so
you're choosing Wendy's first yes she's
in winning I'm just gonna call get the
managers number or the name and then
call back in like 20 minutes
right on I think I want to call em who
would you guys call off for yeah Carl
all right I must have the wrong Wendy's
looking for Eric
who who's the manager tonight oh it's
mine I'm looking for Dave I think Dave
works it in the heath one awesome
awesome well thanks so much
wasn't it like this way like if I were
calling off I'd say something like
listen I'm really sorry I know this is
gonna put you guys in the tough spot but
I got I'm sick I can't come in today
and then they're gonna say I'm sorry
what was your name hey-yah is Carlin I
gotta talk to Carl real quick Carl
listen man I'm not feeling good I'm
gonna have to call off for today this is
chase chase that's right yeah we don't
have any here my chain really I've been
working there for three weeks
hmm cool so all right
yeah I mean I don't know yeah I don't
under name on the schedule or anything
man this is weird huh I don't not really
feel messed up you know I'm sick I'm
feeling I'm in the twilight zone right
now not showing anybody in nothing
nothing so that means so that means I
won't so I won't be fired yeah
yeah was there uh Amy slipped on some
fry grease and felon smacked her elbow
on the table remember that you weren't
there that night I don't think yeah
you're kidding me call we have a name
Ian no no no it was uh yeah crystal with
ponytail I'm sorry yeah
she usually managed to drive the window
right yeah yeah all right so well listen
just um if you need anything give me a
call I'll probably into much perfect
well if you guys need me definitely give
me a call but I definitely need tonight
off for us for sure awesome thanks so
much Karl Anka he's a great kid so I
used to work for a place called
Chrissy's pizza for about seven years I
worked there and I know for a fact that
this one particular manager is working
hey Joe uh whose manager tonight there
may be sky all night yeah okay great let
me get to him real quick all right so we
know it's Scott but uh Scott had no idea
was working Ryan
ry a.m. yep ah
I've been driving driver I give it three
three weeks almost a month
Oh
yeah we have to get everyone trained on
our new system and the last night has a
new system so we don't that's why you're
going over and every no idea okay I'm
just making sure I still got a job man
you know I'm saying I got three oh yeah
we got three black bears like I got
three black bears that I train and they
eat a lot this is Ryan she she crest not
secret she crest everyone gets up thanks
man um Roman that's fun but we gotta
take a break in my car yeah that's for
it we confuse the shit out of them and
there's such like a nerd company where
they know everybody yeah they're really
fun yeah
but with the news reading can help you
hey this is chase you guys have my Jeep
Rick the surgeon
this is the cheap the CD yeah yeah yeah
yeah I know you said that you closed the
five and it's like three minutes till
please don't sell my Jeep brother I'll
be right there
this Jeep rides like a wet dream now
dude oh it's so great new tires I love
it mmm
some breakfast for dinner it's this no
phone call woman hello who is this that
you just so happened to call me while
I'm vlogging so say hi say hi to
everyone this is Ray so I just picked PJ
up and manic and Toph hanging out with
that guy every time we hang out he just
wants me to drop my gas station so he
can pick up some viagra he doesn't even
he doesn't even bang chicks oh what's up
dude what up man looking lady in there
looking at me all weird yeah I'll just
tell anyone how awesome you were no I'm
totally awesome
yeah like the greatest guy in the world
right here look at this camera look at
this man
there's a tree in my house still Dennis
Road he's calling me what up we don't
all right guys it's been a long day
new tires prank phone calls just me be
me guys I'll see you tomorrow anyway
thanks for watching come back bah blah
blah you know
I'll say my piece
