good morning everybody just wanted to
start my day hey boys how you doing you
want to say hi yeah
let's blame the Batcave guys oh man look
at that that's awesome
whoa so just doing some random stuff
today nothing too exciting gotta go pay
some bills another adult type stuff whoo
ladies and gentlemen it is cold outside
today holy crap look at this I watch
this go down from 26 degrees to zero the
news last night said it was the coldest
temperature in Ohio than we've ever seen
well coldest temperature that we've seen
in the past 20 years that's cold
all right so rents paid I get to live in
my house for another month
just one do you guys pay rent or do you
still have mom and dad
it's alright if you do I would if I
could now
I'm about to visit my mom at work she
works at Chase Bank you think ironically
enough my name is chase and I i bank
with Chase
are you jumping on your bed whoa are you
supposed to be jumping on your bed hang
the star can you reach Oh see you need
daddy's help don't you yeah so one of my
job's is to create like mail pieces for
car dealerships they have super sale
events and I am the guy who sends you
that letter the advertisement with the
key stuck to it this says come on in win
some prizes and that's what I'm doing
today I'm working on a new design
sometimes I'm done with that which is
going to be soon hopefully my buddy
Scott's coming back over so let's get
crazy so Veronica just told me that if
you take a cup of hot water with as cold
as it is today if you take a cup of hot
water and throw it out it'll turn to
snow before it hits the ground so let's
go try it out where'd you hear that from
anyway thank you too
but there's pictures and stuff on our
videos I guess on Facebook that totally
still water on let's see if it's work I
don't know there was still some steam
that fool
I'm not everyone thinks her a logger
yeah all right so you have to use
boiling boiling hot water for this to
work and my theory is that you can't
just put out you can't just put out a
whole cup of water
oh I think you need to use like a
syringe or something and squirt it and
hopefully the sort let's try this
everyone thinks here of lager yeah all
right so you have to use boiling boiling
hot water for this to work and my theory
is that you can't just put out you can't
just put out a whole cup of water
oh I think you need to use like a
syringe or something and squirt it all
right so now you're actually gonna boil
it and then instead of the month it was
boiling in the microwave next time
someone comes stand out the Heron Joyce
I'm gonna throw that straight up in the
air and stand under it no oh was it my
not breathe
boiling hot water dart as high as you
can hey up in here no need now lay just
sip Oh cuz I have three down oh my god I
told Dan we were you know what Dad what
about that our year didn't do it we're
gonna use this we need to reboiler you
told you you throw water Oh need my
stuff in your mouth when you got ears as
big as I do you gotta cover
take extreme ready it's still hitting
the sidewalk all you guys think you're
making snow ready
whoop it's it's not real is it Scott
it's not snow it's an illusion it's not
really snow it's just steam for all you
guys on Facebook land we think you've
been making snow boiling hot water huh
yeah yeah oh no he's a zombie
ready yeah
point out there there you go say when to
shoot shoot gonna be a nuclear bomb look
at all the Shh if I say 1 2 3 shoot you
shoot why do they okay we got a backup
yeah we've got a backup oh snap oh I'm
just making it a little nice so is this
a construction site yep we're up right
here this whole section is going to be
condemned that's condemned yeah so I
think we should bulldoze this road
whoa
I got your daily dose of play-doh right
here come here take your medicine take
your medicine just got it bye Blaire no
no
oh the kids are always sad when they
leave my house but what do you what do
you expect I can't blame them I'm just a
big kid myself well guys that's all I
got today check back tomorrow we'll keep
doing it we're just gonna keep doing
this it's fun let's do it
see you tomorrow peace
