so here we are at the mall for another
day crankin Roman and dentists it never
fails every time we stop somewhere they
got a poop so I'm just sitting here
waiting on them I kind of got a food too
normal toilet midget or worried man
where have you been I heard some really
weird noises his office me it sounded
like a waterfall and toilets flushing oh
I want you guys to go in there and look
at that family restroom all so much shit
we're back of the same Walmart from
yesterday I think we get kicked out
twice
no we have it today oh yes I think I
just have to pee actually just to get
get rid of the nerve have you ever
played hanger sink when you were a kid
and you have to pee as soon as you hide
it's multi nervous oh yes
that means it's time to eat wait we
don't have room for all this food where
did that I have never seen a bigger
dicks in my life come big this places
it's huge whoa
rugby mm yeah
rugby union let's fight it dude Eagles
peace buns beats up button oh just
dropping roaming off back at home all
the kids are here buh buh buh buh buh
football we're gonna hang out with some
other people some more important people
more important did you miss me yes yeah
yeah you and goosey blaze okay yep bye
Brittany
see you later so we're done working for
today it's kind of a bummer when you
have equipment Hey
greater disappointment but you know
so now we're gonna go hang out with the
fam at my buddy Scott's house this guy's
so tired
that was all you have to do we had to do
this we're here at Scot Lindsay's bacon
flavored lollipop I haven't seen him to
give it to him yet let's do it what do
you think there's bacon lollipop I want
to see you lick that right now it
actually has a grease stain on this on
the back and that's not my fault but you
know enjoy can I lick make him
so you shot it up on the TV Apple TV
that's a nice hat man fuzzy it's where
they suck today my lens a mascot ik bye
that about wraps it up for today thanks
for watching check back tomorrow more
good stuff peace out
