all right so because you guys wanted it
I'm gonna start vlogging every day so
today we're gonna go prank with Roman
you guys know Roman at work right what
up boy
nuttin yeah so waiting for Roman let's
get ready man let's go chase daddy
finally doing some blog action blog
Hagen Raju well figure why not have
three of us vlogging at the same time so
just enrich the vlog extreme good I mean
here ready let's make out what's Utah
this is so common yeah but this is round
down now I'm gonna look you up and down
boy oh yeah that were your soup I'm
gonna move in I'm just gonna go in for
the kill when you're doing pranks right
you would agree you can't you can't see
the camera can't see the camera can you
Ross well no we've all I mean no no
awesome fetch the bag this is it
kind of little strap keep it when we're
walking in the store nobody would ever
see that really little though you're
pointing at the bag
Chase is pointing at me I'm pointing at
you put him up no at some point all of
us are gonna go home the story continues
you know I mean yeah what is whatever
for now right Roman absolutely
absolutely yeah this guy's always
clipping his nails it is wider your
nails grow so fast
what do you eat whether I made a picking
my nails I'm either on my own okay come
on
silky smooth huh I'll tell you what that
is not how I feel wearing these things
look at these look at these glasses
chase yourself I will never ever again
have one of those ever dude I got so
sick in Jersey if you guys remember down
the story we were doing the prank vs.
prank snake prank that's it Jesse yeah
chase had one of these I got so sick
that you were on your back it's awesome
is it good tell me if I'm over here
falling prank
so we're home now and usually at my
house we allow the boys just a little
bit of time to play video games well
well Dennis sometimes comes over to in
plays video games
what are you playing there Carson meets
the ball three beat the boss 3 what we
beat the boss please so you just beat
him up funny all right let's see what
I'm gonna get you you guys are gonna
watch a movie
yes what are you watching I don't know
by watching right now so we're home
everyone's kind of relaxing it's the end
of the day I'm gonna go ahead and edit
this video so you guys have something to
watch thanks for coming with me today
and make sure you check back tomorrow
because we'll be doing the same thing
