good day everybody welcome to the vlog
finally made it to the horse barn today
you need some martinis Grimm look how
mighty he is I brought the boys with me
kind of chilly out here but it actually
feels pretty decent in the Sun kind of
enjoying some family time chases at home
with Liza she'd get went down for a nap
after church um
so put the kids to work oh here it is
working some person I had to plug the
camera in we got ninja blanket off we
got them all brushed out mr. Carson
actually helped me brush em and ninja
kind of pooped here in the Iowa nigga
Carson's gun clean it up for me he's
been super helpful today hey Carson just
watch the end of your thing and make
sure now look watch your horse hey watch
your horse he's moving around I'm just
kind of kidding Carson little tips and I
keep interested and I would actually
kind of like to get them in some like
showmanship or something together
getting into back in the show just with
showmanship with the boys he's kind of
learning how to move the horse around
and stuff like that you need my help
again vision portion of this commission
no I'm just kidding I just love being
here and I am learning new things from
these boots and stuff like I'm actually
from last time we did them with ninja
like kind of oh yeah this works this
doesn't stuff like that you're exhausted
hey you forgot some turds right there
he's complaining because his fans are
cold and it is pretty chilly out here
Colin is here helping me now and it's
time to we're going to go out and work
ninja I guess you can hang up
so yeah this is going to help me kind of
get working again we're just walking
them out here for now
giving Colin some tips and pointers on
what to do and how to work and right
track if I get you set up with showing
it's just going to be like a showmanship
will do a lot of practice here what do
you think about that sure yeah I all we
didn't so much but there's more a lot of
talk in like therapy talk I guess and
what we need to do with him and stuff
like that so was music me
well we got them all lunch got some
muscles worked got some stretches in and
stuff like that no we didn't didn't have
enough he's still muddy mess I can't
wait to actually be able to like give
them a bath and clean them up I'm kind
of shaking right now because are you
really going to poop again he's pooping
in the middle of salt or Iowa again
Carson may need cleanup duty I know I'm
cold you guys are going to be cold
I'll be freezin hell no your hands are
cold and red I gotta get them home see
what Jason still and get something for
dinner so yeah we would say bye to Knick
Knack and say bye to them
thanks for all your help today Carson
kind of feel bad I actually thought
about Sunday in pain livestreams I'm
going to provide so I'm heading to the
store to get some extra stuff ready and
I actually just have Colin with me so
now Dan I'm Riley over and we're gonna
have okay oh don't oh my gosh honey I
get home and greeted to a fart now don't
why I gave you hugs and kisses no he did
so yeah we made it back home he's gonna
go on livestream
my life I just got I stuff to wash my
hands got my clothes changed and Colin
got changed and washed his hand I'm
probably still some I like horses so
dusty in that arena like they have dirt
in my hair like things outside like it's
not headlight specific now I will join
finish and became it is Sunday so
Walking Dead comes on tonight night and
the custom dinner coming over for dinner
yep so you complete the livestream
before they come so we can actually
spend some time to our guests and be
productive host yeah yeah love you guys
there's my prey my food you Ian what is
that call it
I'll give you go you go the Holy Angel
of you older they're cool
oh no you know get it no no the days are
actually getting longer now like is
seven thirty eight and look it's still
light outside it is starting to get dark
now but the days are longer this felt
like the time just got away from me
today and my phone died
so by the time I was done I actually you
know got to enjoy some time like at the
barn and work with ninja and keep his
progress going I was like it's the
lighthouse I can't be that late really
yeah really jar three jars of thought
every jar the Sun funny i am i fuse guys
over and they end up just coping their I
think most oh but they're finishing up
because this little love bug it was
hatched oh my head alright hammer down
and the kids are going crazy and Kayla's
live-streaming and we're in the house
and it's like we got some girls coming
in you got dinner trying to go look at
all this breaking okay we're going to
try to do this guys I'm learning how to
tell that spaghetti
what is that echo what's over here I go
what is this when you look at how we met
is that what you're looking for all
right no it was like okay yeah no don't
do that here are you happy now right
you're welcome
hi angel dad's okay how's dinner going
so far so good in this one's eaten
waiting on one two returns in the
restroom not trying on their place
in a house there's Riley whoa
man chattering down over here there's
something your food does anybody notice
what we're missing from one here so uh
we might be missing someone
oh there you are - you're back not again
oh hey thanks for finally joining oh hey
this is what's SS long daddy knows me
pickups little black because I could be
yeah that's what I am what happened dad
oh this little nugget right here yes
okay I would like you to switch seats
with Colin so I can smell you play it
off smell my husband normally I just
smell the soap on him what is a blatant
girl mix together a girl or a boy good
answer
do you want to explain that there dear
we're closed oh you got to tell me I am
terribly sorry I've been absent for
today's video
up to this point we're getting the kids
ready for bed
Colin you ready to smash it tomorrow and
my smashes I mean go to school with an
incredible amount of positivity and a
newfound faith my system right don't
worry mom and daddy are going to take
charge and quick that whole situation
promise you that hey you want to say
night-night you want to get on the ring
in it and we'll just hand I gave you see
your boo-boo yeah oh yeah sure did I
sure did
hey my buddy who full-time buddy I hope
you have a great week my daredevil well
view by Luffy whoo bye oh my god we have
already gotten calling on the bus and
had a nice talk with him about you know
really forward from what's happened in
everything he seems to be pretty
optimistic and like look he killed he
feels like he you know he did the right
thing but the wrong thing but the right
thing we he knows the difference so
brahmic is actually going to go into the
school today and talk to the principal
utilize those and all this stuff so
we're going to keep on them and make
sure that
the school is doing their job kids
around the boss Liza's up then he's
playing with her hair and we got a
Grammy here
Grammy stopped over this morning to kind
of melty her resume she's back on the
job hunt some things happened at work
and resulted in a layoff so any local
businesses looking for a quality
engineer out there yeah look me up hit
us up but I've got some errands to run
and the school to go to appreciate all
of you guys being here is weird we're
going to leave you for today thank you
so much for watching and can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow tomorrow wait you got to
go
