what is up my friends welcome to the car
we are taking a short trip today to go
hang out with one of my favorite people
someone who I really looked a lot up to
and he helped keep me positive and
motivated but right now he's the one who
needs a little bit of positivity
motivation so that's exactly what we're
going to do
I figured while we rally might as well
pick up a new car right new times our
new car I'm just kidding
dentists asked me to pick them up here
and work done but do me a favor guys the
whole time here I always jam to music
when I Drive and there's a trend that
I'm noticing with all popular pop songs
and that is like and listen to them
almost all the new popular songs have
one thing in common and that's snappy
now not try me What's Up kitty
you need a ride for you up with a ride
home are you sugar
got you that dividers with today you're
right okay so me already being a twitch
livestream er and establish streamer
dentistry style because he wants to get
into doing some live stream and so I'm
sat here with none other than Norman
then I could keep the no Norman and on
this cool and very well and we're going
through the process of setting up
windows on this this macbook computer
because as you know the elgato doesn't
get along well with mac yeah period
well I don't know they know that but now
that now they do I think I mentioned it
before but it's a very complicated
process and we're going to get dentist
before the end of this video we're going
to get Dennis up on stream and you have
seen me tweet and probably having tweet
that we're live-streaming and you should
come join us
so guys I'm going to leave the link in
the description please it is going up
today
no this is tomorrow okay well dear sure
so so definitely go down in the
description I'm going to leave a link to
Dennis's twitch channel do me
in favor and go follow density which
channel and be super super Kolya hey
Norman what a beer we're gonna have a
drink
I know oh wait you don't okay many many
many minutes of tedious painful waiting
and work and long conversations later
finally got windows on this so basically
we're we're helping Venice put pretty
much the same setup that we have for my
live streaming on this computer and it's
taken it's taken a while but but we're
going to go get some food and I'm
starving
as we're riding in the car to go get
some food
then this showed me the video where him
an Alec together cut each other's hair
because of all the treatment that alex
is going through you know makes him lose
his hair and you know I just felt I just
felt like this man doesn't need to hang
out with the youtuber Gilroy vlog this
man needs a friend
and so I did what I came to do you know
I came help him set up his livestream we
were able to get his live stream all set
up
yeah man we had fun yeah and get that
going and we did that we we had fun and
we share laughs ha Jesus people in
supplies let's go we shared a couple
beers and we just talked and I was there
for my friend we stayed up pretty late
and woke up this morning and filmed a
little bit of how to this is maybe fun
full hit a nice healthy portion Dennis
explain to me how hard it was for him to
get back you know on camera and
rightfully so
I put myself in his shoes and you know
understand what he goes through and as a
parent I just don't know how he does it
now I got to give Matt loved and
respected Dennis
Tracy for enduring what they're going
through because it would just crush me I
thought it would be more important to be
there for dinner not as a youtuber but
as a friend and and that's what I did
today's vlog is kind of weird and
shortened and all over the place but I
felt like it was more important to me to
just be there for dinner and be there
for him as a friend and it's so good to
do that instead of you know don't man up
on the wall we had fun and we could have
probably made some funny blog but it's
for you guys but I did what I should
have done so it is current day and I'm
on my way back home to my family
and I don't know what we're going to get
into you today but go
edit this video and I'm going to thank
you guys so much for watching today and
I hope that when you have the
opportunity to spend time with somebody
who
just needs your company as a person help
lift them up and
just be there for them I hope that you
can do that pick up you for letting
lottery is that my friends is where I'm
going to leave you for today I want to
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
you
