what is happening you guys I hope
everyone is feeling great today because
I'm feeling great I hope you enjoyed
nice scenic but it from the sky actually
while we were there I got a call from
from Lindsay and she was like if you see
daddy
no because well our fields on fire well
I'm seeing Jerry look at this my gosh
whoa
it's crazy you know it's real when they
got the big trucks out here
you called me freaking out I was like oh
my gosh what's wrong
loves to burn me right and he's trying
to burn a little leaf pile and the wind
caught it and took the whole wood oh wow
sexy burn her face in her hand she's
okay yeah smells like a campfire up here
could you imagine you guys look how
thick these leaves are oh this is a
crazy and over that hill is 70 so it
went all the way almost to the highway
almost the highway then out here by
yourself
a little old lady just trying to burn up
some twigs and stuff and you catch your
whole field on fire only you can prevent
forest fire
I've always wanted to say that huh I had
to bring this bad boy home we got to do
some fun stuff here where'd you get that
see you throw it out by the tree the
birds will get it I definitely would
have stayed and we
potato gun had to blown with the
daylight but we had to pick up Liza for
6 o'clock and parts of Europe really
don't have any time for that what the
man was that scary I it was out before
we got there what did you imagine
I am one who like
the giant field required all right lies
I hope you had fun day at the babysitter
she certainly didn't want to leave let's
get you home yeah he's like daddy and
she's like no no no that's on you in
your I'll type with your type look at
veronika's type and I love those pants
right there oh I'm sorry it's something
about watching your girl with stuff
working yell during you and yoga pants
they're the most comfortable like I give
the most and I was give in the most
stretch ability okay hey I came to the
conclusion that a happy a new saddle
that sounded not fit him so I'm going to
sell it right reason why um it doesn't
fit him it's too long for his backing us
kind of a short back and I need like a
butterfly shape like in the back do you
think that's what's caused his back
problems could be cuz he can't when he
had the flexes his back legs forward it
hits the end of the saddle so he can get
that motion and it's too wide for him so
we got rework a whole new self we need
that we need the advice everyone all the
saddle makers out there we need some
saddle advice saddle it up
there's Liza I want to see my baby life
get her honey
well yeah um found Veronica at barn
getting it done chiropractors in the
house doing work she did not want to
leave cut out we got to go back to the
house you can watch full our lives it
angrily I get her home you know it's
funny lately these guys have been having
four three four day weeks that's cool
and this week again they don't have
school tomorrow is technically a
fronting okay right
did you say candy mmm the game day and
look what we won got we got some pizza
we got worried about cooking too started
out late what Colin doesn't like people
feel it oh are you tired
they're covered that little baby up what
is it what happened did you pump her up
soap in your mouth she should be so
what's in there peace you better give
her a big hug and kiss no it's julianna
something oh yeah you gave me a home
uh-uh
well she's learning what is it oh is
that motion
okay where is that soap is this soap or
lotion lotion
are you putting lotion on your hand what
did mommy do well on mommy
hmm get daddy all right little
rollicking rye or you oh yeah yeah get
this the past two days were really nice
but the following seven days we're back
in the 30s for the high so that means
well I don't know what that means
exactly but it's gonna be cold outside
and what the heck we're going to do with
this weather is that Nana
Oh wah wah then he came around man she
still don't know how use her iPhone
oh boy touch the screen and then push
the camera there it is a Nana take a
knife yeah you love it it's bedtime
adult time comes back
it's totally movie time and just like
that it's over that was actually a
really good movie
passengers with Jennifer Lawrence and
Chris Pratt I highly recommend so that's
pretty much where we're going to end it
for today guys hi I have to go to
Cincinnati tomorrow so I will be leaving
play early so thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here do I
