first I should tell you what we're
coming so the sumo right is it could be
I want to be harder and and so I hadn't
sent extra foam and we're gonna use this
highly compressed foam to fill this and
now we're gonna see what's inside
the sumo oh my gosh whoa static careful
Oh Oh No all right dang so that's what's
inside these big giant foam foam bags
it's not a medic to foam bag and that's
it is it all that small I think so
all right think you can just take a
knife and cut it dude you're not going
you're gonna do that
I think they wrapped each individual
look at that look cocoon enough mesh
tape there's where the vacuum nozzle was
okay there isn't a thing
watch your fingers spin in quick oh wow
that just wants to all right it looks
like it's eggs it's all just a
compressed mix of like chip dissolve and
not very quickly it takes a while
actually that's crazy
I mean we're gonna let that kind of
loosen up it'll like suck in some air
and then all that foam will start
puffing up and make it easier to break
up but it's gonna be so awesome by the
time that's full the real story today
though is a win you guys it is insane
windy out today the first sign of of
floral life here in my yard the return
of the dandelion
no but seriously whoa we're out here
thinking what can we do on such a windy
day I don't even know if you can hear me
but the perfect thing to do when there's
wind is fly a kite so windy before we
get too crazy today make a nice little
lunch got a nice little lunch meat
sandwich Cajun turkey breast doritos
spicy pickle I don't know why but it's
always been a favorite thing of mine to
do to put Doritos on my sandwich
a good part right here ready have you
ever done that but chips on your your
sandwich it's so good you like that
what up Carson now school yeah boys
let's get out here let's go have some
fun in the wind oh my gosh it is so
windy
I hope you guys can hear me
but I don't know if the audio fault is
gonna be that great outside today we
found a nice big wide-open field right
here this is all the space we need so
we're gonna put the kite up first and
see just how strong the winds are
telling you they're very strong today
and then we're gonna see we brought a
skateboard to see if we can't get the
wind to pull us down this path okay okay
I need to find it I need to wind out the
string and you got to keep the kite down
okay
I don't know guys we might be done
look at this big rat's nest it got all
twisted because I only had one hand to
hold on to my one left hand string or
right hand string sorry was twisting
everything around it so I have to
completely disassemble all of my leads
to dis to detangle that and this stuff
is strong too they make these with
Dyneema which is like it is the
strongest rope super super strong and
dude I got I hit the ground so hard did
you see that
oh my gosh okay maybe a bad idea
it is too windy
ready get out here mommy was calling me
spray wondering where we are
hey you want to prank call her real
quick let's prank call her you're gonna
tell her that we went to fly kite and
daddy got taken up in the air and he
broke his shoulder you do it okay mommy
we were flying a kite at the park and
daddy just broke broke his shoulder he
was flying a kite in the wind too soon
and he flew the air and then he flipped
he fell to the ground really hard all
right love you mommy
yeah but he he's just really really
injured say I think there's blood coming
out of his shoulder I think there's
blood coming I was a shoulder no
actually he's getting up he's fine we'll
be right home
hey will on my way all right wait he's
giving up it's mine were coming right
back home yeah it's fine he's getting up
but he's still blazing and we're coming
home water puddle what is it you a
shaman did you get scared honey oh you
took it like a champion I just want to
say seriously they'll look at my so you
did fall I totally fell I got lifted
into the sky and on camera doesn't look
like that much it like wasn't that high
but I'm telling you what that thing took
me in the air and I got scared for a
second I was like oh crap
I thought of Dorothy and The Wizard of
Oz like the wind just taking me up and
then I'm holding on to my kite and I
have no way to get down another than
fall to my death
so it was it was a moment like that for
me on this foot yeah there we go
yeah like cuz I'm not fun there you go
nothing that feels so much better
okay we are finally back after waiting
for a few minutes in one line we went
the fast food route and get all serious
with it we waited 17 minutes in the line
at talk about yeah fast food isn't
always bad
it's not it was not tonight that's for
sure oh yeah
look what you give me I got a Taco Bell
look how big that bag I know you wanted
subway but hey mom I could not get out
of the car
it's fun it's fine I provided you with
food I'll eat to fuel your body when you
go through a Taco Bell drive-thru or
period at all you're lucky to get this
many sauces that many that's it you got
to beg for more I want to know what the
heck you did to get the gold mine of
sausage and that's the end of our live
stream and that's it we did like a
two-hour live stream and Eliza stole the
show yeah so many of you guys shared
your experiences with bullying and they
said to you this Colin doesn't really
get into the comments stuff and read all
that stuff so so many people are proud
of you for standing up for yourself yeah
and what that means for everybody is
huge because takes a lot of courage to
stand up for yourself you know does for
all of you in there to see like our
lives from the outside and then
experience something as awful as what he
did yesterday and then you having the
courage to talk about it in the comments
I gotta give you guys a big thumbs up
and we got to give you a big thumbs up
for having the courage to do that you
guys are all epic all of you even in
yeah thank you for all the good effort
and support you put into those comments
and thank you for staying
for yourselves and standing up for
putting those comments in the chat I
didn't I didn't write that one heat
that's all you that's on you buddy
she said the cried lasts a lot longer
than that I think she's getting the
point like mm-hmm I don't care if you're
crying when I put you to bed her bed
yeah no it used to be we would give a
big hug and squeeze and she would say it
means and then she'd give you kiss and
then she would happily lay down a cobra
but now she she cries about it she wants
to stay up all night so the kids are in
bed and I just kind of want to reinforce
the gratitude for for you guys is
courage
yesterday sharing all of those comments
in the comment section about your bully
experiences and your perspective on the
matter it really it really is such such
a cool experience to see that to see you
guys engage with us that way especially
on such an important topic so I really
do appreciate that you guys are sick
wicked awesome as I'm feeling still
energized at 10 o'clock I'm gonna focus
on getting some things done Veronica's
gonna scratch her legs until they bleed
it's drying out but I think they're just
did you know because they're so dry I
think you're gonna be alright
so yeah guys I hope you had fun with us
today definitely don't try flying a
stunt kite of that size in very high
winds because you'll end up getting
twisted that's where we're gonna leave
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
