yeah it is pretty soggy out this morning
I'm actually starting today's vlog
really crazy early is just past 8:30 I
did finish my GoPro Karma review so if
you guys haven't seen it yet I'm going
to go up there and check it out for up
there and for link in the description it
looks really nice you guys like it oh
honey you are um Wow
Veronica has the worst case of preseason
poison ivy I have ever seen in my life
you look like you're from that tribe in
the movie Ace Ventura sequential aha so
sorry honey you get in you're shaking
just what you saying what's she saying
that Nana on the phone she put her chair
that cube in the lamp beside it so it
looks like her own little living space
your babysitter
I turned the corner because I hear
talking and she's just in here sitting
like that that's pretty funny we got to
take her to the babysitter because I I
was very productive yesterday and I do
apologize again for not uploading but I
was very very productive and I'm on my
way to getting a lot of my loose ends
tied up ready red go play so
on the way here I got a phone call
there's been situation at school where
Colin got aggressive with another kid
and guide Colin is so far still very far
from an aggressive person or violent
person he comes and tells me pretty
regularly when kids are picking on him
at school so guys like if you yourself
are a bully if you're one of my infamous
haters if you know somebody who's being
a bully it's not cool guys not at all
it affects people more than you could
ever imagine you know and I don't know
the actual statistic every single year
kids are killing themselves because
they're being bullied like it's a thing
and it's bad and it's a big problem we
need to try and squash this together
bullies not cool bullying so far cool
look this is what we're dealing with you
guys look at this weather
look at this it's been like this all day
I mean I guess within the past couple
weeks which had a couple days where it's
the nice stuff but I can't take this
weather I'm seriously considering let me
know your thoughts do we move do we move
to like somewhere south somewhere we're
staying it's warm all year round
California way too expensive
Macallan that's not good you guys
already go home ray go home yeah bring
on Liza I love you
short people problem haha Oliver
realizes flying person's own skeletons
out of the blocks pretty cool dude
better gear your boss trolls again okay
some practices over mass head now he's
tormenting the kids see you later
young every time over the changes that
brings it back oh yeah are you on it
when I got here my mouth
where did Liza go I can't find her yeah
the kids are watching their nighttime
ritual of troll before bed and I'm just
gonna stir up the scheduled programming
for some actual fun time I'm gonna get
you oh you're jealous
you're jealous your job your job
the kids are in bed and my my my my my
what a stressful day as a parent I don't
want to go into great detail about
exactly what happened at school today
but you know our first child has been
suspended for standing up for himself
while he was being bullied sucks man
because on one hand we want to encourage
him to stand up for himself in the other
hand we also have to make him realize
that there are consequences to acting
aggressive or violent in nature at
school it's just hard because over this
whole school year I mean this school
year is when it really started him
getting bullied you suck seeing him come
home crying and upset and his
self-esteem is down and you know we try
to give them the best advice to just
walk away from the situation go talk to
an adult about it but that's the other
thing there's all sorts of school seem
like they don't care we're not putting
this in the video to shame our son this
is a big problem
not only in our kids school but across
schools all around the world if you know
someone that's being bullied you got to
back them up tell somebody you know you
got to you got to help report the
situation to the people who can now help
make a difference you're not alone okay
and it sucks for kids to have to feel
like that but that's the world we live
in I mean we're on the Internet so
that's probably one of the most parshas
and volatile environments that there is
but when it comes to the real world I
comes to actual reality it's a very
serious situation I hope like through
our experience today you guys can take a
little bit of something from that don't
be a bully all right and if you're being
bullied say something you can always
talk to us I'd love to hear your stories
in the comment section your your
thoughts and we'll just kind of hang out
with you guys in the comments for a
little while today at the end of the
video and you know just kind of open up
a discussion that's where we're going to
leave you for today and I want to say
thank you so much for watching and being
part of our crazy
you know simple crazy life and we will
see each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
you
