you hear me whoa yesterday what what's
up guys welcome to my birthday that's
right it's my birthday everyone's
excited it's a beautiful day
careful don't get your Pinker's don't
eat computer by this it's right it's a
beautiful day there's my beautiful wife
look the sun is shining the dogs are
play series come on honey that's the
only guy I ever asked for except for
you're cool okay so we're just getting
the day started Veronica I had to go to
the grocery to pick up something we're
going to have a really fun day and very
shortly we're going to go and have some
food sorry
it's my birthday guys I did my hair I'm
ready are you guys ready to go get some
food where you got there a camera what's
crazy is yesterday I needed a coat and
it was crazy
but today I only need a sweatshirt and
it's beautiful look at the sky ah I
can't wait until these trees are covered
with green leaves and everything just
looks so green nice
know what you want yes color the
graduates we should just move to
somewhere warm right look at it what's
the beach Hey that would cost too much
money do you think it would feel like
I'm really in dollars yeah yeah we do Oh
mommy's right let's go we've got a whole
family ready to go get some food
and we're going to you know you only
turn 34 one few Monica figured we should
splurge you know and go somewhere
superfan that's right
Olive Garden this is just a joke I know
it's not fancy or anything but I just
really like all of her that's what I
want something else
slightly walk in and all someone who
comes and takes turkeys Eliza literally
says thank you when they can we take her
people she's like the most polite kid
outside of the house what do you say we
and Wow
are you
oh you screws the paper I'll tell you
ruined it oh you want oh you want to
show me how it's done okay you're doing
good on it so I'm gonna join you and I
have to pay that every single time I
have lasagna it reminds me of my grandpa
grandpa which made that goes on your
effort this isn't quite like his but
still every time you don't every time we
have a bunny it reminds me of them and I
must also say the kids are being proper
gentleman and ladies
oh yeah he want some cheese with a
lasagna anyway
Wow that's like a sing around here yeah
I was actually eating here not too long
ago and I would sit at that table right
there and my brain comes up inside a
survey because grated cheese and I was
just some funny conversation my brother
my tongue on the back there's like
nothing like it always is is it anyway I
love it's a big dude it's not really a
thing in singsong yes it was not even
paying attention in life it was realized
I was talking to the people in the next
booth guest receives the low guys
he kind of looked at me and I thought
like okay I'll turn on the camera
regardless of the nametag his receipt
had Benjamin again shout out the bench
he was probably the nicest ever I've
ever met I need a really good name good
guy let's get out of here kids
you didn't feel good yesterday you were
sick in the morning will happen how do
you feel no you so good yeah he's just a
one day thing I think because you could
have totally guns got movies with them
could have all gone had the best night
come on
look who's here they beat us I wonder
whom we're doing even set up a surprise
to some surprise you guys know the drill
every birthday we all come together and
we do something like this or like this
or something like that and we all sing
happy birthday but just take a look at
the letters they put them on my cake
here yeah if you fire extinguish today
so much product we there's I'm called
fire oh my god writer it's going crazy
ready
yeah
thank you on chases favorite cake carrot
cake and ice cream butter pecan you
really know how to sell it honey happy
birthday thank you
I got a practice right what idealizing
her birthday was what so thank you
everyone for coming to my birthday
see you bye now bye
I'll write you a ring on tonight no well
it's bedtime
yeah it is well this is gonna be fun hmm
we just finished watching The Walking
Dead amber bye amber bye Brian
amber just brought me my own Jack I'm
really right about that not tonight but
in the future
oh no sister good night there good night
to the blog yeah and Colin and mommy
amen and the same from me as well guys I
kind of want to just like enjoy the rest
of evening on my birthday
take it easy I guess and some time with
my lady
so I really do appreciate you guys all
your happy birthday wishes they do mean
the absolute world to me so thank you so
much for all of that and I hope you
enjoy just hanging out with us for a
short kind of birthday love today that
is all we have for you today thank you
so much for watching
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
