you already know that's right my friends
we are doing something fun today and
involves all these parts I guess you can
probably already put it together we're
making a really cool potato gun and
Scott is gonna help me build it and this
one is just a real simple simple simple
potato gun this is how you use hairspray
as a propellant and this one's like
really easy we're gonna eventually get
into making some cooler ones Scott I
found some plans for a fully pneumatic
potato gun yeah it's insane
I know Dart OHP Scottie but yeah we're
gonna make a really cool potato gun in
future I'll leave a link in the
description of today's vlog where I
found these plans and shout out to this
guy because his plans are really cool
and he's done a lot of the legwork for
us so go check his stuff out and if you
want to learn how to make some more
potato guns that's the right place to go
but all this is pretty simple we're
gonna show you how to make one okay so
you need a four inch this will be our
chamber where we're gonna put our hair
spray and the hair spray we're gonna use
this Aqua Net now Aqua Net hairspray
does gum up the barrel over time so you
might have to clean it after you shoot
it a bunny but you need a big four-inch
section this one's 16 inches this one's
about two and a half three foot of a two
inch pipe and you need a four inch to
two inch reducer we have a four inch to
three introducer because we couldn't
find the right cap to fit at the
hardware store so this is a three inch
cap and we're gonna glue all this
together except this this cap you don't
want to glue you just want it threads
together so you also need a lighter a
grill igniter and you'll need some PVC
cement so other than just cement you
have to use a primer it's a purple stuff
too
get this stuff ready and it kind of
rushes off all the Polish BBC but we
forgot to get that so what we do instead
is used this is like a screen of screen
mesh like drywallers did yeah and we
just kind of sanded all of our joints
and then and then you want to take
alcohol and a towel and just clean off
all those joints our next step is to
install the igniter and what we're gonna
do is we're gonna install it towards the
back of our chamber somewhere right
about here probably four or five inches
in we need to drill a hole and then we
rigged up this little pigtail that will
hook up here and that bridges the
igniter so you can get your spark you
see the spark yep
yeah
so we've got our lead in here we use
teflon tape to seal this gap and there's
a nut that holds the igniter up against
the pipe wall and if we click the button
we've got spark
some time has passed and we've let the
glue dry you want to make sure that the
glue is dry enough and so we're ready to
load our potato gun and so you just want
to put a potato on the top and once you
get it in there which will just go ahead
and smash her in okay you need a push
rod and to push the potato down to
somewhere like somewhere around here
right that's it
any broom will do yeah that's good
that's good enough yeah nice yeah so I
think you guys ready shoot this so you
gonna fill with hairspray and then cap
it off what was that the whole chamber
lit up Scott
why did you saw it play back what do you
think happened I think there's a whole
lot of a hairspray in there he was too
much oh yeah too much hairspray yeah I
think you see little squirt how do you
come inside and warm up the food is done
no I'm not recording scared some iron
your sweatshirt in your hat what about
it Oakley bro yeah Scott loves Oakley
you guys are called him out before Scott
site sponsored by oh he's really not he
just really likes it I didn't really
mention yeah but his sisters in town
and their kids this is my short
celebration remember watch these girls
his faith and hope guys and you girls
are doing great
are you kidding me what I could never do
that ever in my life I could only
backflip on a trampoline can you back up
on the trampoline you can do backflips
on the flat ground right yeah can you do
backflips yet tell her you got a commit
it's all in the commitment so I can let
the night go by without someone else
how you doing this huh just like that
all right it's easy yeah Wayne so we're
gonna load this thing up in Scottish a
little less hairspray that stuff
okay don't move from where you're at and
just shut it from left right there I'm
ready are you okay he's frozen he's
frozen each on cam he's frozen
dude you did good that what shit dude
that was nice
do this let's get a super sick shot of
it like this yeah that right there don't
move that's not bad with these gloves
and grabbing it right oh yeah you're
gonna sing happy birthday to Daddy we
got home late last night and everyone
was in bed all my kids all my kiddos
this guy right here
he was asleep Liza was asleep Carson was
asleep but Veronica didn't fall for the
scare she was I knew that if I scared
you guys hard angel was freaked out look
the whole house up stuff me and Liza
having a geese well everyone else too
but Liza and I are gonna sit down
together we're gonna have some eggs and
we're gonna get ready for my birthday
day don't exactly have any crazy plans
because as you know I'm not a crazy kind
of guy so I hope you guys enjoyed you
know learning how to build your own
potato gun the initial shot definitely
was extreme trial I don't know it
definitely felt like we use way too much
hair
creating that first go and all
subsequent shots felt way better it
doesn't feel like we did something wrong
so pay close attention to that if you do
attempt this build and definitely follow
the instructions make sure you give the
glue plenty of time to dry we kind of we
went we let it wait the two hours but it
was very cold outside that says
temperatures over sixty degrees
Fahrenheit require a longer dry time so
pay very close attention guys I don't
want anyone getting hurt so yeah do this
build at your own risk I really
appreciate you checking it out today so
if you made it to this point what video
give us a big fat thumbs up thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here
