what up guys welcome to the vlog we we
were like rush this is the rush mom
right I'm trying to check that with
Norman right here talk to Norman Norman
hey we just wrapped up the livestream
we're going to my mom for some meatloaf
yes yeah mommy how you're really
bringing that yeah we're going to play
tomorrow
yep ohalright yeah then question today
after school we downloaded mash a road
why daddy mom wanted hi punky you wanna
go see grandma okay yeah you know it oh
she wants lemonade yeah so every time we
go to my mom she grabs Eliza pink
lemonade and because of that allowed to
love pink lemonade lemonade yeah alright
let's get out here
Oh Liza those boots wow those are cute
boots big girl I like them
you give daddy thumbs up thumbs up like
this you look up she look beautiful I
just was actually here in the hair you
look beautiful can all that's round we
go today so the sunset was nice but this
you remember last time kick down the
hole open dude I have never seen the
basement like this only I love the
floors of that dry lock now it is one we
touched all the joints all water joints
to just paint gray and I put some in on
the toys put drywall comments but do you
wonder them nice this looks like a
different I'll just like a different
place - hey just like we did in my
basement that's been busy but we cannot
afford paying for what are you gonna do
about this leave it big hump this is
where the old fraternity pin
actually I was the Shalvis only concrete
Oh
since we started with our thrive stuff I
have not had talking for about two weeks
no out of my coffee no it's not just
just green tea and threw the party area
humbo dia whatever it's called cooking
too and then white people if you have
them involve it I'll tell you what you
created every day
what is that
that's your belly button can you say
belly buttons why I changed my mind
nope I don't know
turkey try it creepy it's pronounced
funky for various lunch key look it says
right here on the side of the bottle
custard
punch key punch me we hug the weird
spelling but enough about the donuts
look at that meatloaf
where's the ketchup though she doesn't
forget your volume is high am i you are
you Seri now I love me look with this
Baskin emo how excited I am to go on
vacation where are we going where we
always go to the elderly if that
unoriginal or the I was all traditional
hence traditional yes Richard a few
people however I would love to go
somewhere different
well we can explore a little eerie place
the old though I love it there there's
something wrong because I my parents are
go on another one who like booked this
trip to go to this dirty house but I'm
still not going on vacation with my
parents because it's a good time to
spend with them mm-hmm
nor did you see our time very often and
to go on vacation and a solid week with
them we get enough for the year you know
what - what
my birthday is on Sunday what are you in
that birthday this weekend is all about
me mm-hmm Randall I'm only getting one
year older and I'm I just want to be
with my boy I will be with you Wow
he's the guy hey what would you like
oh oh he does a guy for good news for
all my gamers out there
Wow had it sent here but we just picked
up the new ps4 Pro pull them games over
here son
let's see what we got we got some new
game that's what I'm most excited about
eat
Cheryl this check out this time right
here ps4 with horizon zero dawn Paulo's
the Talos principle the twenty year
celebration edition what do you know
about that
you guys this game is going to be hard
you think so it's gonna be hard to beat
it okay I'm leaving you know we got like
a girl grandma I can't believe I'm all
playing Mario she is isn't she look at
her over there you guys wonder why I'm
so in the games or the kids but it's
embedded in our DNA
my mom even a gamer sitting over there
rocking out with her sideways I don't
know what you saw that was already
called an in Cinda all right Dallas's is
gauging the earth to an eventual double
beer
next step get that neck - ah good Oh dad
over there getting red face Oh
what bad is it much bigger on both in
figured I get past that part before the
thing is why that would last ik plastic
the glass and the metal they hold the
odorant bad gigantic wooden stone yes
they match this mouth oh that's great
that's a great problem to have we went
through and found a spot up here on
mom's console to put the ps4 we've got
everything loaded boom yeah you saw him
underwater
kind of cool he gained I like that open
up a new ball everything's hooked up and
got gas in set up so now we're
installing the games and this totally
reminds me of Xbox you gotta install the
game the kids play Keith garages for a
while and they they successfully
stressed out my mom and Veronica yeah I
think I think that games probably a
little advanced this is a cool game
however it's only for PlayStation
children you can't play it on the screen
let's go get PlayStation tumblers okay
all right we need to get back to down
whoa not only are we back home but it's
it's morning I mean it's actually
afternoon we spent the morning cleaning
up vacuuming Dustin doing off all that
stuff
yeah what'd you do you building a big
old house all the utilities okay that's
a squirrel a bluejay a worm a butterfly
and honey and three cards no wow so I've
got some bad news I poor Carson Carson
spiked a fever and is getting sick and I
really don't feel like celebrating my
birthday so my birthday is tomorrow but
I don't really feel like celebrating my
birthday we're going to have friends
over tonight you know have a good time I
guess but I don't really feel like
that's appropriate
well if Carson's shut down extinct I'm
involved you're sorry did you do this
Wilson jump you sorry that's your fault
so um I guess we're going to try and get
Carson hydrated and get fever under
control and just take care of them today
I don't know what I'm going to do yet
I'll make a decision here shortly as
soon as my because my pants are dry okay
so yeah that's where we're going to
leave you guys for today I'm sorry it
wasn't crazy exciting but I missed
hanging out with my parents and that's
what I wanted to do yesterday
and it was nice thumbs up for ps4 Pro
and yeah that's pretty much all I've got
for you guys today
cross your fingers thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back gasps all right
