I don't know if I mentioned this but we
started working out we started working
out about eight weeks ago and I haven't
really said anything because I want to
keep myself accountable but we've really
been doing it however we couldn't make
it to the gym today because well we're
getting ready for a little trip and I
got the little one back that's a
beautiful picture I love it yeah so like
I said today would be the day that we'd
go to the gym and I've been really
enjoying it you have to make it a
lifestyle change like it's just
something that you do all the time
progression doesn't happen overnight it
takes months and months and years of
hard work I haven't seen any serious
changes yet but I can tell you my
endurance has gone up I feel better I
sleep better I feel like I have more
energy thing let it go she is obsessed
it's awesome before we get any farther
in today's vlog guys I just want to give
a huge shout out and a big THANK YOU to
Nokia so today as Nokia is hooking us up
with the sponsorship for a product
called the body cardio scale
sponsorships like these are what's
really helping out us YouTube creators
right now
so if you guys would do me a favor and
thumbs up this video show some mad love
to Nokia for our sponsorship today but
basically it is this the body cardio is
it's a scale like and it's the coolest
scale you've ever seen it gives you very
very large amounts of data data like
weight fat mass muscle mass water and
bone mass these stripes on the surface
are actually electrodes that are
measuring the pulse through your feet it
also syncs automatically with the health
mate app and gives you encouragement and
tips on how to achieve your goals it's
more than just a scale it's like a body
analyzer as we progress I want to be
able to look back at these moments when
we first started and say wow my BMI was
this but now I've grown
to this and just to see those metrics I
feel like gives you a lot more
encouragement to stay on track and just
keep pushing forward so what I want to
do is do my first scam with you right
now and show you what my weight is my
body mass index and I want to see what
like I just want to see where we're at I
want to see where we're starting I
should probably not be holding the
camera so it doesn't weigh the camera
too but I'm gonna set this up here it
gives you the weather so I weigh a
hundred and fifty 1.7 pounds my fat mass
is eight point seven my muscle mass is
86.7%
my bone mass is four point six in body
water is sixty two point four and my
heart rate was 85 beats per minute which
it notes is normal so yeah that's it
that's the body cardio by nokia super
cool device and it's definitely gonna
help us keep tabs on our fitness and our
you know our journey in this new
lifestyle like we've really been
sticking to it and I really feel great
about it so if you guys you know the new
year is coming up a lot of you guys are
gonna make this resolution to stay fit
and start getting yourself well maybe
this device right here is something that
will help keep you on track so you can
constantly watch your progress and just
smash through your goals they're
actually hooking you up my viewers with
a special discount code so if you use
this code they'll give you 15% off your
own body cardio do it man start the
journey start getting yourself fit I've
been starting to feel really great so I
want you guys to do the same and I just
have faith in me we're gonna do it this
time we're gonna get through this okay
showered feeling great listen I gotta
come clean with you on something we're
about to go on the biggest adventure yet
hints we've got stuff everywhere like
got luggages packed food got laundry
sorted we're just trying to figure out
what to take I don't know if I should
tell you where we're going yet it's
gonna be so much fun
Liza where are we going she's not lying
I don't know if you noticed the
difference in quality but for some
reason I just been feeling like I want
to I want to film on this guy you
yeah it just looks better not like that
mirror so as you're watching this right
now we are currently in route to said
epic adventure Eliza are you ready
watching I have a lot to get done
Veronica's still at work and we're not
fully packed yet let's just say that
that's yours I love being rushed so much
super sarcastic not really still got a
ton to do and I just got the call that I
got to go do something else real quick
and it's my brother's wife my brother
other brother and my grandma's birthday
today so we got to go to a birthday
party - oh look at that my mom not me
mom's not camera-ready Oh mom made
lasagna for this birthday dinner and we
have got a few special guests tonight
it's gonna be a feast loving the banquet
wonder what's going on up here happy
birthday happy birthday Graham oh thank
you Ron 18 today I believe it I mean
just look at all that melty cheese you
know as if as a birthday party goes
we've always got like the good cakes my
favorite
carrot cake it's not good no no let me
know in the comments have you ever had
anyone in the family like three people
legit same birthday same day obviously
yours you think they'd pay she paid the
doctor
yeah dollars was overdue and I think she
paid the doctor knew him on that day
what like this Wow grandma says give me
a little piece of everything all three
cakes in all four ice-creams one scoop
each she'll never get home it's time
yeah we got it
Colin you ready yeah Martin you ready I
just want to say thank you guys for
having us it's been a real fun time but
we get we gotta go I haven't said where
we're going on the fridge I know where
you're going you don't know god it's
gonna be a lot there's clean number two
all right guys I love you we'll see you
soon so ladies and gentlemen of the vlog
it is time to go on an epic adventure I
mean we've been saving for this
particular adventure for a pretty long
time and it's time to go I gave a couple
clues but I don't think anyone knows
where we're going now and by the time
this goes up I hope that you haven't
already found out because it's gonna be
a really epic surprise so my friends the
next time you see us we will be on a
vacation together with a big part of the
family having the best time ever we hope
you tune in to see where we're going
that's all we've got for you today thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
