content and we'll see you on the next
one huh oh my gosh
what's up guys welcome to the vlog I
hope you guys are having a fantastic day
I am I'm just finishing up filming parts
of the review for the karma grip and
straighten out pretty well I think
yeah check this out this is my this is
my one-man studio I guess I am
I am the cameraman the director producer
editor and talent and I've set
everything up here to film a scene here
at the desk look at my little setup here
nothing looks like a robot still
recording yeah so look forward to this
review be uploading on my Gilroy ouches
review channel soon a pretty pretty cool
new flow that I have going on for for
that channel and I really want to put a
lot more effort into creating like
better than vlog style footage if you
can call it that so Chad and Scott are
on their way they're gonna come over
tonight we're gonna do some more
recording for a new song I think we've
reached a point in the higher stakes
track that we're pretty much done and I
think I've I think I've really found my
my rhythm with with the mastering and
the whole music recording software it's
tricky it really is look what's
happening outside
yesterday was like 60 something today
it's snowing the weather is literally
going on a rollercoaster effect so it's
a wonder I don't get deathly ill I'm
sorry Chad's talking I haven't look dude
look there's a little blue sky patch up
there barely bro it is snowing dude oh
my god I had to stop and show you guys
that I looked out the window I was like
is that really a whiteout right now
okay we're discussing tonight's song
Chad what did you learn Jack Johnson
song named pancakes banana pancakes it's
a great song it's a fantastic right up
our alley for what we're doing right now
yeah we're discussing a future song
which could be amazing let us know would
you like to hear us do some Beastie Boys
what you want what you want I like that
song that's a good song
good christen your Brazilian recording
homes by only because a song like the
parts need that I feel they need to you
need to fill what do you think you guys
want to hear should we put the whole
song and it's per half of it or a
portion of it in the vlog right now I
feel like I kind of want to give you
guys some I think the beginning from the
beginning to Midway here is our higher
stakes rendition thus far
stakes are higher from the stone sticks
will be from star camel when you came
around I made no sound you keep it alone
in the city wrong and you didn't mind
but you are always on your own and you
free my mind you're late
when you came around I'm in no sound
when NAS good to see but just wanna tell
you that I swear I'm fine that don't
lose my mind anymore it's not a problem
but I just wanna tell you that I swear
I'm fine
and I don't lose my mind anymore
it seems I left my outside
my outside this is inside this all right
I swear that I feel ready to go go back
go back up yeah that's true so that's it
cuz then a from this point on it it
basically gets really no no no so we got
a lot more layers like it builds up
there at the end
it sounds pretty decent I wish I was a
master at mastering but I'm a mastering
master of not know snow that when you
hear the whole song yeah but that's the
job of the Internet's just that is true
yeah so that my friends as they say you
gonna talk about what you're smashing is
it in a nutshell that's it in a nutshell
it's in Rio so good student good sweet
chilli pistachio can't stop I literally
cannot stop I give us I mean we should
be done though it's pretty much done I'm
just that guy who's I'm also that guy
who pulls up to drive through going to
win DS or something I actually have to
look at the menu every single time I
know what's on the menu I know what's on
there what I have to look at it I'm just
the point is I'm overly critical about
it's good because it's turning out it
turned out really good I think I think
we had too high of expectations you know
to me yeah for the first one but I think
even though we did have high expectation
turned out really good look Chad's
actually learning how to operate the
computer so I'm over here doing vocals
and those of you don't use Apple know my
struggle I enjoyed doing the vlogs but
almost a little bit more do I enjoy
participating music creation it's it's
some kind of like therapeutic release
for me I know life by it really does
when when you listen to the right music
track I said this before when you listen
to the right song that song has the
ability to change your mood every
everything goes away when you're here in
the song that you absolutely love all
your worries can fade away and that's
what music does to you that's what it
does to me so we're gonna do a lot more
the reason it takes so long to get this
first one else because we're learning
and we don't want to put this on our
second I know
take it I know we're definitely still
learning audition this is a tuning the
guitar if you guys have never used
this app you should I'm not promoting
this app because I'm being paid to but
we use this app every time I tune it's
called guitar tuna tu na and it's
awesome it's like charm
Oh
Carson what is this stuff on the car
it's everywhere
oh my goodness yeah that's right Carson
are go and get some food and you
requested what wind is what do you want
to get Carson all right we made it
I'm in full dad Matt I did bad dinner
tonight I know it's bad not healthy but
we don't do this all the time
besides chicken nuggets are good and
don't tell me what they're made of cuz I
don't want to know what is that what is
this you guys are that's a happen like a
kids meal toy now
little robots no way the head no way yes
the box is the head what on you choose a
face that's good would you get I'm
almost done with this chad has to go
back to his house
do you work all day right you got about
what six of morning 6:00 and 11:00 35 35
Oh open Adam well you did good today
we'll continue on next week yes for sure
make sure you leave the comments I want
to see oh come on a second
yeah a little bit
robot we're watching YouTube videos me
and the boys trip on the iPhone oh oh
he's oh he trips oh he fell over her I
had to stop and take a break with the
dudes because I've been literally
working all day long I've been in here
since 2 o'clock
filming and working on the GoPro karma
and then recording music which had I
feel like a focus too much on creating
today I forgot to create much with you
guys his name is Kru Durbin everyone say
hello we may have just put his face
right on his butt I was gonna come and
scary
oh I missed you big girl go go here's a
cubed yeah break the link TV off I know
maybe you and I'm sorry guys are letting
Armas disaster area like tornados zone
come on push I'll bet you're wondering
at this point in the video what is it
that you do all day well the day starts
bright and early at 7:30 in the morning
we wake up and get Colin ready for the
bus this morning was snowy anyways so as
we wait at the bus stop bus arrives and
Colin is off to school then we get home
we feed Carson some breakfast look at
that guy
he's so cute and then we get him off to
the bus as well come home let the dogs
out take our shakes
Veronica take hers take mine and then we
take a quick shower and after that grab
my laptop and it's off to work I know
it's a it's a very long drive so as soon
as we get the office we just set up the
gear and and that's I mean we sit down
and edit and yeah that's pretty much how
I get my day started I mean I sit here
and edit until a couple hours just
before I start a new vlog and and that's
that's that's what I do
I definitely need the footage from the
camera to actually finish editing so I
kind of got to end things for today and
I I really just wanted to offer you guys
some insight as to like you know what
what it is that I do and sometimes like
if I'm super busy during the day editing
and working on things and learning and
taking courses and all this stuff that
I'm into it it runs me into the evening
and I before you know it like the time
is gone and that's like a big problem of
mine is there it's just never enough
time I need three carbon copies of
myself so we can all fit in this room
and just do it we need to do and be
superfast about it but you know we all
know that's never gonna happen even
though many of you would like the same
thing so so that my friends is where I'm
gonna leave before today I do really
appreciate every single day you guys
coming to check out what we're into even
though it's not always exciting and you
know exciting so thank you guys so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
