you
right yeah there's a little bit of water
out there oh no poor Eliza guess you're
not sick she's not got a fever
she may be TV but I don't know where to
be on the explanation is a severe
attitude malfunction Eliza's is out of
control
not happy about anything period for any
reason you cannot reason with her she
can throw a real turn into a real woman
smile I'm kidding I'm just kidding but
seriously shoot I'm very hard to deal
with erol yeah turn into a two-year-old
anyway okay aside from that um we're at
Scotty's we listen we're supposed to
stream tonight but there's lots of if
you guys have been under a rock today
there's a ton of storm the winds are apt
control good thundering and lightning
like in February we're still get we're
dealing with like severe weather it's
crazy
oh it's March first correction March
first that means my birthday is in four
days March comes in like a lion it has
to go out like a lamb it's true
oh yeah strike a pose boy we're going to
do it the Perry County way all right Gil
you ready you ready Gilly I got that man
you can't really see it you're living
through the camera set it right beside
me right beside me
hey let's like take out the trash all
right all right where we going what are
we doing they're doing if you lend it
grandma can get the Ranger Oh the
weekend goes Mike mad because I love how
you opt out of things toilet take the
mode yes no but remember the other day
is not going to be boiling for the
surface broke and way to the colors
oh-oh-oh-oh posing again okay so this is
a Polaris Ranger yes plant ring yeah yes
why a stranger I'm not wrong think the
monster be what's good up that bit bit
but I like your jacket dude where you
had arms you got a heater I love I love
a nice all-terrain vehicle with the
heater
that's important
oh you want me to put the camera in the
hole I wanted to show off your Colgate
toilet who made who made that Johnson's
baby powder free free where's that from
a beach house
oh please have blue turd all right look
it up okay okay flash on my man I got I
got I got man see you need to sit on it
all the way down there I'm your machine
I'm going to sit on it while we roll
down the drive side we've got a
newspaper
you know if it wasn't so windy it
actually be quite nice
mr. Ranger
I want potluck hey all right
I like this we're going to grill that's
right we're grilling out tonight I know
some of you guys one of you guys why I
have never seen you will put a grill on
front porch as we did the other day and
that's because well in Ohio we have
unpredictable weather and that day it
was with the rain so that's why I put
the girl in the front porch normally
wouldn't put it there but fill it out Oh
go on there one
why is it so hard right there it's
because things that pop up in I've been
gone about 10 years oh you need to brush
it off so the flame can get through okay
I was like 15 years of growing good far
away get an Ellen I think should time
for an upgrade right what is she doing
oh there's mom let me give him some
cream ha ha ha what he's got created
Lizzie had cream forever - our dream
burger what frog fell broke out she
claims to have gotten it from razor burn
but it's a mouse and she's in fact she
got that gross fungi you know the moldy
the moldy leg syndrome
ooh serious stuff whoa that was a full
rotation
this is extreme birth the pink that's
happening so code double-decker burger
french fries ketchup and a nice little
salad dude what's that what happen dude
that you couldn't ask for any more check
that up so impromptu barbecue grilling
out you guys know I love that Hummer
peacefully
remember
your install which reduces
and very
you know what a small one small yeah
okay so this is the Canadian maple sugar
cookie dough juice some sugar seriously
it's going to be another one it's going
to be honey it's your turn I'm sorry her
teeth yeah like I was feeling in there
and you could tell they were sore like
her canines are coming in Doris I love
you my friend my Lindsey hi see there's
your buzz have a good day I love you be
good boy and by it's a miracle and it is
that it is a miracle a Leyden slept last
night we got some rest which is
definitely something that we needed
Veronica I think is right she seems like
she's having a hard time with her teeth
right here and the I forget what you
call it the canine I think the sharp one
the one that looks like a vampire tooth
pushing on the gums but it's not even
brewing it so when we try to touch it
yesterday she was very tender about it
so poor thing I just I feel bad like
she's been very very hard to handle the
past couple days and this motivated
things very difficult for us to get
things done because she's been so clingy
so I guess my advice for you guys any of
you have kids like when when you're
dealing with this when your kids are
when your kids behavior just flips on a
dime like this
it's usually because something's wrong
and you know your kids you'll know your
kids better than anybody you just gotta
like look for the signs and try and
figure out what it is and eventually
you'll know I guess it's my lesson for
today and I'm feeling really really
rested and motivated this morning so
with that I'm going to get some more
water so that I can drink lots of water
today and get a head start on everything
so come to you rested and ready to ready
to kill it today and I hope you're
feeling the same way so I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
