anyone else hate getting junk mail hate
anyway good days you guys how are you
doing hope everyone's feeling fantastic
first want to say I apologize for not
uploading yesterday as you know there
you know and this is a sad day I guess
all around I didn't want to fake it so
don't hate me got to pick up the kids
get number one right here got it you
don't hear anybody
hey how's school yeah say hi to everyone
hi we don't forget maybe like suppose we
got away too long
I don't want to show you this because I
think it it's a big bummer and I'm going
to talk about RAM products if you guys
have never used like RAM mount they're
amazing they're really really good but I
have this particular one report this
camera because it's the only way to show
you : still have to be off the bus he'll
be about 20 more minutes but look what
I've been up to today okay
I've actually been filming some reviews
and getting all my shots together and I
created this board of all the different
things that I'm I have on deck to do
review videos on and not not just the
type of review videos that you've seen
in the past on my other channel which by
the way if you're not subscribed put
somewhere up here and you do that now
Gilroy reviews and how to's I'm working
on karma grip okay
soon after will do the Ozma mobile
people are pro this is big this is a big
one because not only we're going to do
unboxing but I'm literally going to do
individual videos for all the different
flight modes because there's a ton of
them and then the camera slider and then
potential others they're what the I've
just been like very very focused the
past couple days working on motion
graphics training and stuff like that
you guys know I've been working on that
but yeah and this is I mean yesterday
with
it's time to tidy the night before
Veronica left real late in the evening
to go sit with Kane and Roman and grit
went up and you know unfortunately I
know you guys know by now you know rest
in peace booth homeboy Adobe dawg but
yeah all that Roman handle all that
stuff you guys know that passed away so
so yeah that's what I've been working on
and that's why we didn't upload
yesterday forgive me please
yeah it's just kind of I don't know it's
just had this like sad gloomy feel and I
wasn't trying to fake it I had Chinese
for lunch today and my fortune with this
I don't get so caught up in the daily
grind then you forget we never find any
time to enjoy yourself I found that to
be I found it to be a very personal well
I'm feeling like I'm finally getting on
top of things I know I'm feeling pretty
good I'm actually feeling really good go
potty these two until you uh when we let
them outside for the first ten minutes
they'll literally chase each other watch
here comes echo and Angel right behind
her and they'll just sit there and chase
each other yeah anyways it's raining and
we're enjoying some of the kids
fundraiser candy bars I'm agog Lea Liza
echo angel come on they gotta hurry up
and go potty so we can get out of here
they're so they having so much fun Oh My
yes okay stop arguing about potential
live streams that aren't even created
yet they want to do live stream all
right who's ready for me surprise baby
camp Oh
surprised wildest she's probably really
excited
oh hi monkey it's Bobby it's like
alright we got all the Gilroy's in it
well we're missing this one we have to
go and tell me good the other day my
belt broke and since then I haven't went
to buy a new one and my pants have been
falling down so I'm tired my pants lying
down we got to go get a new belt and top
side is tough yes we need softener salt
because as much you know probably
because you don't dribble well so we
have to use this to make the salt
softener salt water soft water soft salt
so we can just use these oh my god oh my
god oh my god hurry up
oh call them cause it's only 120
pounds you're trying to push their Plus
Liza where we need to be it's okay I'm
right here that's a lot belt but look at
seriously though
whoo oh my gosh black brown you like it
decent oh well oh you'd like that Liza I
shouldn't I should actually buy it and
put it on immediately I'm losing a
bridge did anyone else get super wet
nope yeah yeah I did not you will you
dog all the raindrop life is wet we're
all wet look at this not me don't you
hate when you go into the store and you
come out and it's like a downpour
that's the worst horrible out here god
whose idea wanted to go to the store
anyway your good luck son
I'll see you on the other side this left
me do you left me uh you're locked up
haha we all just ran to the porch and
look who shows up match here for drum
practice and and and there's this
special lady boy all that happened from
our walk to the Jeep I mean run me run
you're excited okay
are you excited the dogs oh my gosh
kill me wreck oh whoa ha ha today is
Tuesday Tuesday is calling drum lesson
day so we have moved our way out
now we're going to move on to the drum
fills which he still new at he's pretty
good at the beats that he has down so
we'll leave the drum fill for next time
we get to the player I'm washing her
hair and I get into the pimps right
start putting soap in it fill it up with
so and start making bubbles and Elida
this girl right here where are you right
there this new girl can't a handful of
bubbles and put them in our mouth and
then starts choking on them she's fine
now obviously but this is a scary moment
like first attack and I get to see
bubbles like spewing from her mouth the
night before last was it was last night
last night
so last night we're trying to put her in
bed we put the kids in bed
Aliza absolutely refused yeah I've never
heard her scream like that terrible twos
right she's years old and I don't like
it let it down like my bed it was rough
yeah sometimes we have outside forces
pulling on us to prevent us from I guess
creating videos like Eliza when she
breaks down and loses her mind we kind
of have to focus on that and she's in
terrible to zone right now
and it hit immediately that's my taking
apart switch that just flipped on was
like Here I am this is me gay oh you you
love mommy say I love you mommy
being round one with the mob back yes
all right Matta wants to play - he needs
a proper hip toss into this these love
sacks back here right I think I can pull
this off right here we got Branca
filming ready you better do it now
come on everything's all right yeah
honey you're supposed to win him ahaha
he did land on it but he's listen now
you're like a visa kick your legs Mac
giving it up save the short guy any bail
ever and how about you Matt well that
was a little hard into the big day way
to replay yeah before people getting you
and do it before you can even do it I
know everyone's gonna say they're gonna
be like why don't you pick on someone
your own side dude no that was fun
awesome those incipio we need we need to
do stuff like that more often at but I
think we need actual like a nice Big Mac
not yet Matt but not like two bean bags
we're like this is wasting a little yeah
exactly sure that would have been great
the sumo is in the offices probably all
that was four four of these put together
they're huge
hit loan literally tomboy did you bow to
the board yeah
thankfully ok Matt wants to get it right
one point when you're gonna fish that
still knows what the execution the
backflip
Oh from when you're a super small all
right we'll try so now once we want to
get this right so he doesn't fall in the
crime do not try this at home
no I totally try to down only do it but
make sure you have soft landing it is
fun and and you get the landing you're
gonna be here and you're gonna be
screwed over there a little bit yeah
that's it okay right that was perfect
yeah oh this is this okay ready
person like this in the pursuit of
wearing these kids out so that they're
ready for that okay that's the time
we're going to see what said I carry
total respect I'm shooting yeah we have
a sales tonight thanks
why don't men friend that went a lot
smoother than a day last night I think
she was really exhausted tonight itself
because she stayed up too late last
night okay here's the deal
they're calling for extremely high winds
and severe thunderstorms
so the trampoline will definitely be an
issue so I'm going to take this room
right here
that's 5/8 inch static kernmantle from
the finest rip I'm gonna literally tie
it to the tree
dude seriously I'm not lying I look over
and this is literally moving as someone
honey come here come on you need to open
your harp okay thank so roughly um okay
oh my god here we go Kenny she is inside
we gotta live from that line
that's not flat it is I'm bet we're
getting anything good I told you I knows
her all along
mm-hmm oh yeah right I swear I didn't
she's phone is very close it
so there wasn't a tornado I'm good but
there was a lot there's a lot rain yeah
if I look pretty tired it's because it's
because I am last night when you saw me
take a lives up back to that it was like
twelve thousand twelve thirty something
she refused rid of it she fought she
fought hard did not go back to bed and
so he tried to lay with her in my bed
didn't work the only thing she wanted
and it was like she was exact
and I'm joke the only thing she won it
was me in the chair down there so I said
I was her in the chair downstairs about
2:30 and then as soon as I go upstairs
the bed thunder and lightning come and
these doo doo were up in my bed uh hey
so it wasn't a very good sweet night ah
freshly showered feeling fantastic you
know I wish that I thought I'd wake up
this morning and I mean thankfully
thankfully there's no wind destruction
I'll show you guys I thought I'd be able
to drive around and show you some crazy
disaster stuff but mad love to you guys
who endured some pretty nightmarish
hours last night the storms are really
really bad and even this morning I hope
everyone's okay what uh yeah that's
pretty much going to round out our day
Liza you want to say good morning good
morning do you crazy kid you little
munchkin cool yeah she that's going to
do it for today I want to thank you so
much for watching
you can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
