so guys before today's vlog is formally
started I just want to let you know it
Sunday we've been having a busy crazy
fast-paced weekend and we don't want you
guys to miss out on what we did
yesterday tell you more about later but
Veronica and Lindsay went to get another
tattoo yes
yes guys hello to you we are here at the
ink shop getting slink Lizzy's 203 is
done I'm so curious about all the
needles making processes people hear
that sometimes people get at your bed
rattler
they're exactly that artists tell you in
case you don't know this is butyl he is
the owner in the shop here
wicked sensation that's you now you have
an ascot uncle Neil are you ready honey
my turn on the scanner it's your turn
how are you so hardcore you like this
little girl and I say that was the
utmost respect but you're like super
crazy about tattoos it's an addiction
yeah no okay so the reason for their
tattoo today is because her movie our
self-proclaimed soul sister keeping
tribulation they're commemorating that
today with full picture tattoos on their
arm matching little is going to show us
how the transfer works for tattoos which
is actually a really cool process so you
draw something up on paper go make a
copy hug
Thank You coffee called the 3m thermal
paper pull this little slide out here
place your transfer there and laid over
the top
cobalt touchscreen and this is your area
transfer this is green suit well that's
cool
so in case you ever wondered how the art
actually makes it from a trace or print
through a copy machine to carbon paper
conformal factor a team or a thermal
thermal thermal fact right to your skin
cell tattoos are placed on your body
that's cool I'm going to pick up my boys
hey boys
hi I excited to see mommy
Hey hi I'm Mick you boys are here and
grandmom's all weekend Friday Friday
night and Sunday I'm gonna put you front
of table
no boy I got to play their electronics
again
one in two hours with the time washing
kind of drawing we appoint in another
one for about five days you should to do
what's the best alignment to use on
crushed as you give you tattooed goo how
do you feel you guys are officially
ain't dead soul sisters I don't know if
you'll be able to see it probably not
this is definitely chilly causing chilly
huh it is snowing right now yesterday we
were wearing short and right now it's
snowing this is insane the world's over
about a 40 degree difference between
yesterday and today yeah it's crazy man
I can't believe it snow and run it what
is that thank you Paul oh so it is a
very tale Sunday you've got all the kids
on now the car then
call in you want I'll bet you didn't get
your fill of video games
my dad texted me Saturday night me good
so your boys talked me into getting a
PlayStation 4 problem yeah
this game minecraft sure frightening
what yet so Wednesday we got to go help
grandpa set up a new Playstation over at
their house that's exciting
pretty funny good job for you yes our
new character and is more Scott you know
I almost didn't recognize you when you
came in with your new haircut you liking
it yeah nice nice nice two kids what
they wanted to do tonight before bed so
now that that's over the pizzas arrived
it's pretty much about the perfect time
for us to call it a day because The
Walking Dead is about to come on we
gotta watch that and yeah Colin's passed
out cartoons in full cuddles that's
pretty much the past two days this
catches us up and definitely thumbs up
today's video if you like these type of
mashup videos well that is where we
leaving for today guys thank you so much
for watching
can we just see you right back here
tomorrow
