you are a different person what look at
Colin mm-hmm I know Colin had quite well
we're going to have some fun with the RC
we need to make sure it at its optimal
performance hey daddy it was left in the
rain how does that feel I want to buy
one of them at home maybe I do yeah
that's right
nice day for a ride
actually it's so nice I pulled out the
the Traxxas we need to get this thing up
make sure it's in proper condition to be
written and fix whatever needs to be
fixed so we may have to take a trip to
the hobby shop to find a new battery
pack I know call and left this out in
the rain a while back so we need to make
sure that it's still good maybe pick up
another one but today today we do s a
car seat first pit bike racing so we're
back at this place you guys remember we
bought this RC here at dawn hobbies and
so I'm bringing it back to see if the
owner has an insight as to what we could
do
get the back in the shape it's not bad
but you can see there's a little bit of
like there's a little bit of corrosion
on the motor a lot of like bolts and
stuffs are a little rusty from the salt
water so let that be a lesson to you if
you're going to take your RC to the
beach we're very careful and know that
if you get it in the salt water going to
mess it up just like that we're all
finished and the guy said pretty much
the rush the recipe mess will Bolton's
aren't really a big issue at all and all
of our my bearings are seals so there's
no sand in there as they run smooth
energy kicked up an extra battery and a
charger that doesn't have to plug into a
car cigarette charger thing so we're
good to go
oh my god boy new battery and maybe take
an actual wall charger pretty good right
you ready to drive yeah it's epic RC
first pit bike race time eight bike yeah
all right so the guys are preparing the
bike it needed oil which we picked up is
it in there to get underneath of it we
got to get over oh really yeah well
there's tools it's work son Parsa
calling you can plug that in right here
Jack Jack calm yeah Traxxas well you
know I use wheel tractors were still
waiting on that phone call you know we
love these things so much we're just
waiting for that phone call Traxxas calm
here's how we got to do it so right you
see how it says right there it says lipo
or nickel we need to choose nickel
because we don't have lipo batteries
okay we've got to charge it the right
way okay we got an upgraded battery this
one is the 3300 milliamp hour the other
one was like a 3000 so imma guessin we
just plug her in Sean nickel press and
hold to start
nice
okay baby Liza and she got her sandals
on and she got a ponytail around show me
your ponytail mm-hmm
you go girl boys back here along with
the older boys Dallas and Alex and Caleb
all students most of all jumping on
trampoline and yes like I got up there
for a minute but there was too many big
kids up there huh yeah grape stay boy
you got all your PIN here's your battery
it windy I brought the drone just in
case cool shot but uh kind of windy no
flexin I flagged off it's gone up good
easy
singing for me sooner all right we're in
there now you remember our driver okay
this is race day so you've got to beat
that pit bike no matter what all right
okay try not to flip over Dallas just
took a crash course in GoPro karma grip
we are ready to race Caleb you want to
bring your bike behind the Jeep to back
here and Colin you want to do the same
you guys need to line up and we'll get
this race started wait
Collin couldn't keep it straight thank
you was it good try this was a good try
I know it's actually really hard to keep
that thing straight
especially on gravel so we're going to
switch it up and now Caleb's going to
stay on the bike I'm going to drive the
RC and we'll see who wins now
we are not going to be able to be the
tip like with our RC we need a faster
our seat is we need a faster RC Colin
how do we fix this how do we make how do
we even the playing field between the
super fast bike in the not still okay
okay so the pit bike starts farther back
all right we can play like that that's
good that's good
hello
those RCS are a folding black we
definitely need to get another one when
it's fast actually
I heard that you can upgrade the motor
to a brushless and if we use a lipo
battery then it would be faster that
pretty much concludes our our Seaver
state bike races
let's think it's fair to say the bike is
the clear winner
so hey but y'all next time I know right
so next time we're going to race again
and we're going to call you out with a
much faster a much stronger tractors RC
truck alright and then and then it's on
hold minutes Aurelio
look at you lyza careful mommy
that's our foot up here look at me look
at run nowhere flip-flop today this yes
or what yeah it's crazy
tonight the boys are going to my parents
house and they're going to be staying
the whole weekend kind of cool we
definitely got our place I'm in today
because they'll be leaving us tomorrow
tonight it's going to be cold the rest
the weekend today is a touch of the
blood
so we're pretty much waiting on my
sister to come gets in and then Veronica
Eliza and itself we're going to go have
some food we're going out going out to
dinner yeah
then that love I'm gonna miss it have
fun okay be good thank you bye
be good
love you instead of going to Applebee's
which side come Scott Lindsey a Pizza
Hut I want to keep it go ahead my shirt
take your turn that's good I like that
good job careful careful careful
this guy right here I'm telling you whoa
everywhere we go bad news right there
shows up what are you doing here
talking huh I mean what are you doing in
there are they right boiling yeah I
can't climb up there someone shove them
up there see this one feels right you're
not even on the creek
Oh like I look at that house well unreal
would you like lean back so they're
looking at cost be elongated or round
the flusher here's the bowl sides that
kind of thing I guess that's what you
have to look look for in hitting a new
toilet the reason it has to be elongated
and not round is because a round one
when a man sits on around toilet every
number two there's a little too much
closer in the frontal region you know so
longer the better and the deeper yeah
there you have to have there yeah yeah I
mean we need this pointless eat it Scott
you can lift this up for us and then for
baby lies us and she's like potty
training bone potty training feet right
there honey look it's a night out we got
the kids at my mom's we're in Iowa
Quarter this nice hot spot right here on
top of this Hill trying to catch some
lightning there's not there's no
lightning where we'll point
the camera but we're we're not pointing
the camera is lost lightning hey there's
some a more blurry so that was pretty
much our day and we are back out very
early morning because why
in Manila taking product to the
thickness confident water breaking you
at them in the father Branca is heavily
addicted
I just wanted to hop on here real quick
bigger than that we love you we
appreciate it we wanted to say thank you
so much for watching today if you love
the pit microcars rate thumbs up this
video and let us know what what should
be the rit that meets the Pitt Mike and
is it attractive or not the Traxxas is
actually rolling around back there but
yeah that's pretty much all we got for
you guys today I like to dead thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see you right back here
Wow
