hey welcome to the vlog guys today today
we have one job one clear job and that
is to clean my office it's a mess
Scott here sorry right over there we
need to tackle this before we can do
anything else it's like clouding my
brain Q awesome time-lapse sequence
ready alright
I'm very quick I mean this place was a
mess
here's one thing I have check this out
this spot right here is what I really
need to figure out because I was doing
some track shots with the GoPro karma
grip and I didn't really visualize this
when we built the office but this
particular plug isn't right in my way it
is surfing a purpose to charge all kinds
of stuff but I definitely think that's
an eyesore so I need to work on like I
mean work on that I want to work on that
stuff when it is so nice outside
in Pappa wheelie I can't do that on rock
come on I'm not the question what almost
looks like oh okay
if you remember from the other day I put
together this idea where like I would
take a paintball gun and I shot at this
which I built right this plexiglass deal
and so Scott and I are going to try and
finish that effect basically what we
have to do is set up a black my idea is
a black background right here so I have
some muslin that is black and we'll
shoot the camera the gh4 from right
behind this glass right out on that's
going to clean straight out but looking
at the black should be able to make a
really cool effect and you'll see in the
blog site if I actually get pulled off
this writer is genius
we need a splatter guard from the paint
the fly's off of here and what so we're
building with the cardboard I love it
look at this put that back down there
Scott check this out that looks pretty
cool pretty cool we have really rigged
this up this is embarrassing kind of but
look that's what you got so one LED
panel we found the best way is to go
from above and below so if you shoot
straight light at it or put light behind
it it makes a reflection in this glass
so the light is literally just skipping
across the front of this glass here
which we're going to clean again but
it's going to light it up just right I
think now I haven't tested it yet but I
think if my theory is correct it should
look pretty cool here's what's going to
happen I'm going to stand Oh
oh I'm going to stand way back here now
I'm going to shoot right over the top of
the backdrop holder Scotland's had a
really good idea so what we should do
because I'm worried about the splatter
going like outside of our our barriers
here but just like if you shoot hey whoa
if you shoot down at an angle then the
splatter should go more down which is
what we want so I'm going to plant on
the bladder to shoot it and yeah
hopefully it works yeah one more - all
right - now you see it on TV fully
covered we still have three that was
awesome
good call Scott look at him look at it
all right the tape off the area so we
know where to shoot to fill it up
perfect idea
perfect I currently how's the camera
still on this pole I'll show you here
sticky this is how you get that ultimate
reach that's the selfie stick right
there hey hey Scott what is it look at
me
okay and here we go oh yes perfect
the hold online did you guys come in
like that but now it's time to teach you
oh don't worry he didn't actually shoot
me that is what I'm talking about
I probably done a little bit better but
I think it was I think it was cool I
think the idea turned out pretty close
to what I had visioned in my head and
Scott you thumbs up or hanging out it
did you're an actor mm-hmm so we have
officially killed a lot of time that
took a lot of time just for that little
little bit of an effect that's all time
consuming the tough stuff is what a
cop's going to go and I think kids might
be going to bed to Intel yes good good
day's work
holy quesadilla we were on the sharpness
of a brunch with Megan honey this looks
delicious
why does appear and don't work on my
computer you're doing work on your
computer what you working on are we
watching trolls again look at it scoot
it's none of my beeswax
you know I put my finger in your beeswax
it was a really bad tough day for you
it's a hard day yeah did you place a lot
of toys are you exhausted yeah yeah her
tough day are you comfy no yeah actually
I could cook thank you you should have
seen her earlier I was cooking and she
had that box in the box that the trash
bags were in in some other box she had
two of them on her feet and one on her
arm and she's walking like with her feet
in the boxes Wow
he lies a youth sassy little girl
yeah yeah why's it are you ready for a
bad line no no he's right no definitely
time for bed like 10 10 21 just finished
roll ow ha ha let go it's the perfect
time for the morning transition look at
this look what I wake up to let me show
you a new screen door this is like just
listen don't mind struck the birds woke
me up this morning the beautiful
sunshine right as you see and the sounds
of first dripping right so this morning
I thought I'd show you what I have to do
in the morning my routine is this soon
as I wake up I have to take two tails
okay and then 20 to 40 minutes after I
take these two pills I didn't have to
take a scoop of this powder which is a
chocolate mineral dietary supplement mix
I usually mix that with fruit like I do
my fruit smoothie so I'll take some
fruits of these mix it in there with
some almond milk and then Bob Boone
Bobby that's it and then I have to wear
a DFT pack which is like a it's like a
bobbing Barbu flick up patch then you
put on and you wear it all day long and
you soak in whatever minerals vitamins
whatever is on this pack all throughout
the day and that's where I've been
getting my energy I've been having a lot
of energy lately especially you know
what kids man
having some extra energy is very nice
and it's clean energy two of them
filling them I feel like I'm about to
chew my face off hey
yes it is so nice
75 is the high today see God echo he yea
75 is the high today pretty crazy you
never see that in February and I want to
take full advantage of that and the
energy that I've been getting lately I
have plans to take my weight bench
outside because it's in the basement and
the basement just a mess that needs to
work I want to take the weight bench out
to the shop so as it gets nicer out I
can be out there open up the garage door
in the morning use some of this energy
to you know put in a massive workout if
you liked today's video with the project
build and the creative effects and the
little movie sequence definitely smack
that thumbs up button that my friends is
where we're going to leave you for today
and I want to say thank you so much for
watching we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
