Wow hey guys we're starting out our day
with some fan mail
hold on boys hold on let me just so
Stanley ties in this with he is actually
out live streaming right now he told us
to go ahead and open everything and
he'll do it later we can go out to the
office emails to wisely and see what's
in that one we got miss Briley here to
hanging out with the oh okay good all
right hey you're the duckling let's see
this come from
Hanna ice looks like this may have taken
a long time to gain Hanna standard from
England
thanks ENS are sending us this package
she's 16 years old
looks like Hanna I'm not going to read
all of it in in the blog but we're
thinking about you stay positive
looks like there's a lot of stuff going
on but yeah just stay positive in mostly
everything gets better the screen daddy
daddy gets warm wool work sock hey so I
got some shower gel body cream back
phizzer
sandwich hand cream and hand scrub thank
you please Pat food packs my hand by a
man and Amanda as you guys can share my
god you know you can cover up
because I wish you'd sit on food we know
milk cream pie you like your blankie
Liza okay yeah can you say thanks Hannah
yeah thank you
leonhardt Lainhart this is from jonathan
and coral this is chases celebrity
look-alike look John Cena you think that
looks like Daddy yeah a little bit I
know me box oh oh
go and come for Angel is the keeper
fluffy Applebee's gift car shouldn't
have yeah you should not have another
gift card so we can have a night off
from Pizza con yeah and I'm guessing
this is for baby Liza Oh blankie blankie
I love my dad more than cupcake oh my
mom is my stylist ah then this is a very
nice sweet car regarding this be for
loss of my grandpa grandpa Bob thank you
very much signs a lot there's a shirt
for the boy huh music Batman we had
plans
I said that once it's gone through a tee
and then he said cheese consider this
game for twist dreams by far the
scariest in hardest game I've ever
encountered
Oh able with it
Thank You Johnson in coral and family
for all the nice gifts Caffrey
appreciate it and definitely enjoy some
time out and away from piece of sausage
all right the last box here coming from
Kimberly Bader I think I know this
person like personally they sell who
hurt our conversation on twitch here is
the promise drone for Collins we didn't
want to leave the other kids out so we
included a new teddy bear for Liza and
my son gave Carson his collection of
tracking whoo
she's the one that took the female Kenny
I remember and she said that she is
doing very well and around me I love
Julie that's the drone controller are
you gonna sit on the bubble wrap wow
there's a little drone we'll have to
take this out to Daddy
so he can hook all this up cuz I
probably needs charged and obviously
we're going to save the instruction so
we know how to set it up right the truck
is the truck tag okay they have a little
but I can yeah the garbage can in there
and swing Oh little squishy guys when my
friends thank you all so much for
sending all the goodies to us something
like chances are I'm joining them the
dogs are out there look I'll have to
show you show you them playing with
their little toy oh and they have about
half demolished already you know are you
guys doing fine are you guys having fun
yeah he's one treat you want to treat it
the girl sit easy these are the dentist
sticks
that was sent is it good good angel
puppy so we are headed out to office
coochie-cooing hey oh oh I miss my
chance
Oh Tess is here too I'm gonna figure all
this out like I just I don't know it's
all very confusing
Sain peachy keen what oh oh you haven't
go okay I opened the the fan mail yeah
yeah yeah yeah everybody looks like that
lives in a very important part of the
story here whoa look we're in line a
cutscene ah I don't understand any of
this I feel silly so you wanna go first
swim yeah let's go coming in Oh probably
frozen oh my goodness
yuck really and you're still here
oh not again yeah so you didn't play
basketball big deal did you happy meal
in there the other night in there let me
just loop I'm getting it
what are you gonna call injure Casey oh
Jesus you're a cow whoa jumpy jumpy
haha neither like the one to turn you go
Oh gonna redeem my head this I don't
know have already there are there are
two flies in my office
it's not even fully spring or summer
we'll get you I would get you if you
apologize earlier when Veronica came in
we were right in the middle of a
cutscene and it was we finished the
Resident Evil game today and it was
awesome with a very very awesome finish
to the game but I want to show you I got
something in the mail today and today
seems to be mail day and I'm wearing
part of it this is my buddy James the
shirt he sent to me for purchasing
something from his online store which I
will show you now actually really really
cool I'm a big fan of proper photography
right and James is very good at
something he offers in his store he sent
me this on extra is some imagery that
he's captured check this out this is a
turtle door England ready
oh isn't that cool the such an amazing
shop now I don't know exactly which
bridges these are maybe you can help me
out this is New York City right New York
to the USA 23rd September 2015
yeah so that's New York City an amazing
panoramic image shot by my dude James
Barbour the kids were out here earlier
and holy cow we need the
we got some work to do Liza what did you
do out here you helped her here guy look
at our living room please girl oh these
girls that's only beginning isn't it
like I have a really bad feeling that
the girls are going to be way more rude
than the boys are you thank you so much
you're too kind
you better clean it I did not get a
chance personally in today's video yet
to say to guys thank you so much for
sending up the fan mail from today the
kids were actually very very excited the
Trash Pack and little drone here Kim
you've made that dudes day look at this
my mom is my stylist like that is so so
thoughtful and I can't I wasn't informed
yet who sent us the game but we could
definitely definitely do some more scary
gameplay with this so I think maybe
sometime soon we'll start up that one
see if we can't beat it every every
person I've ever talked about it says
that game is stupid hard Veronica just
informed me that we do not have any milk
for the kids breakfast in the morning so
I have to go to the store what are you
going to do you're going to polish up
those I'll fix my nails there's some
snags and some poisons driving me nuts
okay well I don't want to bore you guys
with with me going to the grocery store
I mean that's a pretty routine task and
I'll save you the trouble but I really
don't have much else for today and I
need to a
study some of the part 107 because I'm
going to be trying to get my drone pilot
license to be able to fly commercially
and I still have of course after-effects
to do and have some mastering to do on
that song and it could edit tonight's
vlog but at that rate I'd probably be up
til 4:00 in the morning so yeah I will
not bore you with taking you guys to the
store but instead we'll leave you with a
little bit of a shorter vlog today I
hope you guys don't mind but that being
said that is where we leave you my
friends thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see right here
you
