what's up guys welcome to today I bet
you're wondering like what what's all
these bottles on water doing you're Gil
and I wanted to kind of illustrate the
answer to a question that I've asked
myself lately which is now that we've
been focusing on like a new diet and a
new like wellness program I've been
wondering how much exactly water are we
supposed to drink in a day the answer
based on this article written by an
International Sports Medicine Institute
says that the formula is this every
single day
you should have somewhere between eight
to ten ounces of water
if you are a non-active person
these bottles are 16.9 ounces so roughly
five bottles of water per day
if your non active person if you are
active you would probably add two more
to take about 13 to 14 8 ounce glasses
of water per day that's how much water
you should be drinking every single day
it's very important for your health and
wellness to drink a lot of water because
as you know throughout the day we lose
water and it's very important for us to
replenish that water so today I'm going
to be doing my best to drink all all of
these bottles of water and let you know
how I feel by the end of the day let's
start with bottle number one okay so if
you watched yesterday's video we went to
Lowe's and I picked up a roll of screen
because the back door here the screen is
all busted out and we're going to fix it
now I've never really fixed a screen
like this before well from what I
understand it's pretty simple right so
the first step is going to be getting
the actual door off of here and this
handle is going to be in our way so
we'll need to take that off
right so what's holding the screen in is
this little it's called a spline and
it's just a rubber strip that goes all
the way around the edge of the door and
as long as it's not dry rotted and still
good you could just lift it out and pull
it all the way out and release the
screen and use the same spline I say
that because there is a a large amount
of different sizes of spline so if you
get the wrong one you're going to have
to make another trip to the store or
just trim off a piece take it with you
to match it up so you get the right one
I got one I'm not sure if it's the right
size but we're about to find out now
that's how it should be able to just
pull all your screen out throw it away
because there's algo having the door
having the door on the ground like this
the grass is going to keep me from
getting this too tight so we should move
into the workshop
so my spline is actually good enough to
keep and save so we're going to try and
reuse this because like I warned the
stuff that I got was probably twice the
size so it's too big I think what I want
to do is try and put in the top first
and then one side and then while I'm
going down this side I can pull it tight
all the way down when I'm putting it in
oh you have to use exception to and this
is what it looks like one of the rollers
is concave and the other one is convex I
know it looks kind of funny
this this is looking nice sprayed the
wheels with some wd-40 so they'll slide
a little bit better spinner leader team
 I'm gonna forget we got to put the
handle back on so it's fantastic
perfectly stretched all the way down
nice and tight
high-five oh now that's done I figured I
could come out here and get something
done look this right here Vicky
Veronica's mom wanted at work for
Christmas and they have the same exact
one so they were like we don't want this
we'll just give it to you so you can
imagine how excited I was to learn that
I get a brand-new decent-sized grill to
cook on this summer I'm trying to put
that together right now hey it's nice
enough out we might even cook out
tonight
I didn't want to bore you with putting
it together but look at this beauty
whoo I can just see it now
if you guys watch me often you know that
I love tricking out cooking on charcoal
cooking on car cold cooking on charcoal
and but but when someone gives you a
free grill you take it especially when
it's like that we think caila it's
pretty nice you are going to wear me
steak over there now no worms on this
one come with them then we're going to
go get some gas and then burgers and
dogs and corn on the cob dude we're
doing it up so my little dudes are home
from school and would you believe they
were ever help me let the grill up here
onto the front oh you so bad it wasn't
even that heavy you guys didn't need
sweat yeah Mason likes me I don't know
what about baked beans a little pop
baked beans and I'll be cool Yeah right
but one thing we need one thing we need
is the gas tank it won't go without a
guy thinking we got a lighter yeah you
have drum practice tonight so what we
need to do is get we need to get this
ready to go and cook some food before
drum practice because it
well we already have hamburgers that's
right my neighbor earlier she saw me
working on a she was like I got a little
cylinder you can have if you want it
sure core ha ladies and gentlemen with
the turn of this knob really season
officially begun
here we go
the first light
voila and on the waterfront
I literally have only drank two bottles
so far so we need to get drinking look
who's home why she saw me she did take a
little bit of an out much took them
outside to play today crashing outside
so she's extra wore out well look did
you see this look look look look I did
that I give it a week before it forever
it is time it is time it's gonna sizzle
it's got civil and not ready this is the
first burger on our grill oh I knew it
was going to like that let's do it
sizzle pretty deep this thing is so high
they're steaming already I know isn't it
crazy I know yeah it's like the craziest
thing ever enjoy ready
I don't know about you but I'm super
excited for this aren't you yeah you
want to attain them yeah all right and
we have special guests tonight
Pastor Dave came to see us we're going
to be recording some bass tracks right
for our phone you gave that a listen
what's your soft like it's a great song
give our best - how did I do that with
the because I'm very very self-conscious
about this the bokeh you did oh here we
go
we could have enough better than the
original oh whoa whoa
oh all right we're all cheesed up what
we got to do is close the lid you just
wait a few minutes right and the heat
and the he's so excited
the heat will rise and then the cheese
will melt so deliciously quick get all
that melty cheese
Oh didn't get the reveal shot we're just
shooting the breeze out here and what
guys that the colors this is so cool
this is so cool yeah what may be cooler
is we're about to eat oh this is amazing
how what is we didn't know that I did
not wake up this morning expecting to do
a cook-off you'll muster only and a shot
what's your pizza today regular our
monster cook Chinese everything cleaned
up around here but miss Liza isn't
letting me but that's okay
it can all be cleaned up after she goes
to bed here your Honda with the beat and
try your baked beans
hey you don't mean the differ between
hey let's try it no no we did mommy you
eat it mommy look I'll dip it in the
ranch
oh come on oh she won't try to be
how big are you hi
hmm yeah for nine years to say - nine -
we hate here - yeah time for lies
there's no bud there's not PJ's are
queer lies do you want the donut few
days
no since we've kind of come heat down a
little bit at night it gets a little
chilly in here so you're going dresser
in long PJs look at this donut right
here we need ever remember hmm
we're better men we have to brush your
teeth cheering regime emission mission
mommy see mmm nice clean TV I love you
toes well good night sign walk alone I
am lone kiss not funny pages everything
your life is that good you like that
that's what it so of the recommended
daily drink egde of water I was only
I mean I'm left with two that's not bad
I'm about to drink another one but it
was hard work to try and drink all that
water and one day I had to actually
think about it we got most of it so that
that's something right that's pretty
much where we're going to call it for
today guys we did a lot we fix the
screen door we assemble the grill and we
had our first grill of the season really
you know I'm very stoked about that
so thumbs up today's video for grill
master Gil back at it again thank you
guys so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
tomorrow
