98 99 100 101 115 120 Oh keep going Liza
you can hear it
daddy do push-ups daddy do more push-ups
ha ha ha ha look at it look at it oh
look at her looking Liza do two push-ups
Liza yeah good push what's up guys
welcome to our day it is a beautiful day
look at this look at this weather out
here oh no no not that face bright thing
in the sky Sun oh it's hot I'm so happy
the Sun is out I have some fun stuff to
do today before we get fully started for
the day guys I kind of want to tell you
that today's video you sponsored by an
app called Albert much as we all hate to
admit it we kind of have to like take
care of responsibilities and be adults
at some point and finances is one of
those things that we all kind of really
don't like worrying about there's an app
for that this app is called Albert and
this is what the this is what the icon
looks like it's basically your personal
financier right and you connect all your
bank accounts and stuff for this app and
it tells you you know like how your
monthly spending is what your budget is
you can link your loans to it you can
set a savings account like today I
checked it and it said your auto
insurance increased by $19 I can either
disregard that or start finding a
cheaper insurance policy that is really
cool to help you stay on top of your
finances and stuff like that so I've
been using it for probably about 4 weeks
now and it's really helpful so I want
you guys to check it out if your if you
need to keep track of your money
you're horrible at doing it like I am
definitely check this thing out I'll
leave a link in the description and
again big shout out to Albert the app
for hooking us up with a sponsorship
today alright now that means said I have
some really fun activities let's get out
of this house beautiful outside look
okay so you guys know that there is a
big jack hole and my screen door not
sure how it happened but we do know we
need to fix it because as spring comes
closer you want to have like that cool
spring air come on through the house and
we need that we need that one so I've
come for some replacement screen you
carry that we need that to put this
rubber strip in this is the strip we
need to install or like keep the screen
in place you can hold that and look here
I have a really fun idea to make
something cool using plexiglass and this
is like a quarter inch thick Plex about
this big stuff I'll show you in just a
few all right let's get out of here
there's nothing else she was carrying
this stuff some lady is just coming down
the aisle in Ludlow she just goes bloop
drops it in her car she's like I'm done
carrying this right you're funny Eliza
oh you don't need that it's gonna bite
you it's gonna bite you
okay so it's just nice enough to do some
cool stuff outside if you guys aren't
into like creating different cool video
effects or techniques you're probably
not going to be super interested in
today's vlog but I had an idea and so I
got it I got to chase it down today
we're going to use a paintball gun and
some flexi glass which the dogs already
walked all over and we're going to try
and create a really cool paint ball
screen splatter type transition we have
all the stuff we need but I need to kind
of build like a like a platform or a
base for this to sit on we just need two
vertical posts and two feet then we'll
attach our Plexiglas sheet directly to
the vertical post and what we're left
with is a structure that holds our
perfectly clear perfectly see-through
piece of Plexiglas now that we have this
Plexiglas we can shoot it ha before I go
throw in a very nice camera behind it I
want to put the GoPro behind it to see
if we're going to get the shot that we
want to get if that shot looks good then
we'll swap out with the nice camera and
we need to add a background alright boys
are you'd agree this is the test of our
new contraption we're going for
something really cool here I hope it
works
so basically oh look mommy's home just
in time
let's shoot her let's shoot the car from
here that would be a good idea though
oh it's not firing I didn't pull it dang
I missed my chance I only have two hands
here's our paintball splatter shield
effect take one nice look at that
alright so you can see on the camera
itself there's some there's some paint
on there so the nice camera we might
have to cover up some plastic or
something but this is definitely
definitely good I think that's pretty
cool isn't it look like you know cool
right that is heavy so we can reuse this
and do all kinds of different stuff with
it any kind of like effect we want to
make where something looks like it's
coming straight at the camera we can use
this but for now we're going to clean it
and then take this off I'm afraid we're
running out of the right kind of light
so we'll have to regroup on this again
tomorrow hopefully those have been super
good today that's right you went outside
and you stayed right by me they just
really good like I said they've been
behaving well to where there's been none
then put them outside more and they've
learned their boundaries and that's
great so good girls easy good girl here
you go girl
nice clobber a mess
just like that it is crystal clear and
clean again ready for us to use for
another idea I don't know guys I the
full effect has it been created yet we
still have to do some some work but the
plexiglass held up great there's no
damage to it there's no dings or
scratches or anything so that's good so
we can we know we can use this this is a
quarter inch piece quarter inch thick
piece of plexiglass and it cost about
twenty bucks but if you take care of it
right you can keep using it over and
over again and like I said before if you
guys are into this kind of stuff this
blog is probably pointless to you but a
lot of you really I feel like really get
into when we do these cool transitions
like when I do my night to morning
transitions this right here is a lead-in
to a different type of transition like
that so I hope you guys can appreciate
it I mean I think you will but this is
just really cool really cool fun ideas
that I just have pop into my head
outside we should try that
you almost got hit it planted another
hand if I had another hand I would have
got the car break ha missed it with some
second too late look okay then Liza's
hair and long ponytail she's got a
mullet tied back poor girl it'll grow
well let me talk okay
plenty of that about what in the food um
so yeah I just start done making there
on all the plates ready in here having
such a me Alfredo with chicken so
sticking fifteen Alfredo scroll Fred
veteran postman everyone's getting
drinks hands washed and it's so crazy
Yuri three hungry Colin hungry everyone
hungry Liza oh I told the kids I said
boys to wash her hands and she's been
here watching he is good job big girl
she needs help though so she doesn't
just turn on the hot water and colder
little Annie's good job watch me a nice
sandy are you hungry yeah you ready for
so close to me we had dinner and then a
very insane fling sesh with this little
girl yeah you mm-hmm
we actually just watched oh we just
watched trolled
again for like 17 times ah I'm not
dissing it that movie is actually decent
for kids good for kids Kim Chi 17 maybe
maybe three have fun today that's cool
shooting the paintball gun
my night vlog say we'll see you tomorrow
ah damn super rad chick yeah they can't
understand you with your thumb in there
are you excited to be back to school
yeah okay good look at your PIN you guys
see cookies book bag down I take all of
our Luke returns and give them to Carson
we're missing a couple but he's
collecting them I love you have a good
day be good
tix use on you mean takes you though
yeah that's right that is pretty much
going to be the end of our day for this
vlog guys I want to say from the bottom
of my heart thank you so much for
hanging out with us if you made it to
the end of today's video please hit that
thumbs up button and don't be afraid to
share our videos with your friends they
just might like it alright friends
that's where we're going to leave you
for today thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
