my friends today I want to introduce to
you the newest piece of aerial gear to
our film kit
oh just to give you a size comparison
you inspired to massively huge phantom 4
Pro looks like a toy that thing did the
camera versus even a blog camera it's
it's huge so be so crazy
can't wait I mean I hope it I hope it
performs oh it's expensive like I feel
like the amount of these you can own for
the price of that it better perform so I
guess 99% of the performance is the
pilots or no pressure oh we got it
we got this a couple of advantages to
having a drone like this number one if
you go full speed forward on a drone
like the Phantom 4 you get some props in
your shot which nobody likes to see that
the inspire - hangs well below the prop
so when you take off the landing gear
raised above the body and you do not see
any props in the shot plus the camera
can rotate a full almost 360 I think
it's 280 degrees it's super fast this
drone can go upwards of 58 miles per
hour you can reach 50 miles per hour in
about 5 seconds which is insane this
particular inspire 2 is a cine DNG and
ProRes so it has the capability of
recording 5.2 K which is just insane
quality the inspired 2 now has its own
dedicated fpv camera so while the camera
operator sees the x5 s the pilot can be
watching where it's going on this fpv
camera
honestly just take a look at this thing
it's beautiful
good she's bleeding oh and as you saw we
had a little bit of a you know the x3
kinda so we only have one set of
batteries which allowed us that one
flight we got a lot of really cool
footage I'll do a more comprehensive
review of the video quality settings and
all those different things like the dual
operator mode and all that stuff in a
different video yeah let me get the
three piece chicken tender combo with
the sauce and sauce I'm hungry
the drone play was great very happy that
thing is amazing but tomorrow we leave
early in the morning and we'll be gone
for a couple days so I have to so I get
a package in the mail and it came from
my friends
the guys are British a tree you guys
know we we did some stuff together
before so let's see what they sent us
and what I really want to show you guys
is this one this is super cool but this
is this is a Veronica favorite but first
we are doing a collaboration on my
Instagram account I want you guys to go
over and check out I'll post a picture
on Instagram it's chase Gilroy and we'll
do the giveaway on their Instagram
account so you'll need to go follow them
and then find the picture that I'm about
to actually take and then I need you to
like it and follow them and they're
gonna pick a random winner from their
comment section it's gonna be really fun
and one of you guys are gonna get to win
these pair of sunglasses they're
completely well not completely but shade
tree makes a lot of their sunglasses and
the frames out of real wood and it's so
cool because I feel like it's just super
earthy and it's it's a nice look like
the wood grain is really really cool who
doesn't appreciate a nice natural like
wood grain look on the frames these
particular glasses have a full metal
front most of their glasses if not all
of them are polarized so they look
really really nice out in the Sun now
they make wine glasses
dude look at that
these are wine glasses but they're made
of wood like how cool is this but I want
you guys to definitely go check out the
Instagram photo and one of you guys can
win this pair of shade tree glasses so
yeah we need to kill some time until the
fam shows up cuz you've heard a lot of
me talking today hey everybody
I don't wanna say hi say hi blog hey are
you Liza
or are you Elsa action Elsa
can you sing like Elsa I think she truly
does believe but she's outside there's
Colin back there so Carson how's it feel
to be a nine-year-old mill great show
Amir what what happened I lost my teeth
you lost another tooth hey there's my
pudding good
Liza who's here who's gonna get us who
is he getting eaten
I think I had to do to kill time was
livestream a fun game it's actually it's
called this stick fight the game so
simple kind of dumb but super fun Liza
are you going to bed you gonna fold
those clothes okay I'm gonna say good
night that's grilling for sure I'm sure
people are gonna ask if daddy hugs and
kisses good night
mommy we're just having liza you can
tell daddy goodnight
can't help you there's no help for you
clearly she can't say goodnight right
now she's busy super busy you know
where's your coffee cup bro I lose
coffee cups like it's nobody's business
are my friends it is a new day and I
just can't say how excited I am to be
doing what we're doing over the next
couple days it's gonna be so fun and
inspiring inspiring is a good word don't
forget to hit that like button and that
my friends is where we're gonna leave
before today I want to say thank you so
much for hanging out with us I can't
wait to see you right back here next
time
