hey hey now okay okay guys welcome to
today's vlog I hope you guys are feeling
fantastic I'm just playing with these
dudes you ready to fight we're just
having fun we're getting ready to uh
actually leave for my mom's she invited
us over for dinner are you serious
Wow that's crazy all right let's get out
of here you must forgot to close this
door as you crank down
the same we have at least of people that
we will take a bullet for them a bullet
for you it's a distraction a base with
its real
and pull the steering wheel I have these
thoughts so often I ought to replace
that slot with what I once bought cause
somebody stole my car radio and now I
just sit in silence
where'd the boys go would you look at
this my parents have always had this
like little pond area outside their deck
and it it had gone to crap to be
completely honest this is the pile of
everything that was here and look what
they've done to it that is super cool I
want something like that it's nice of
course the inside is something to be
desired but hey mom
that stone wall out there that's my mom
sunbathing area guys that's where she
lays out and get some Sun if you know
what I'm saying
I miss that little girl today I missed
you I did I hate it I'm like I mean I
like having free time to be able to like
focus and concentrate and do stuff but
when Elijah is away at the babysitter I
miss her so much
hey she wants to play with
what's in here oh my goodness Liza
what'd you find
how's that cake can you say cake can you
say can you say I love you daddy
oh it's winning whoa
so mom's making a classic dinner tonight
some choose to make for us when we were
kids growing up it's just simple man
because it goulash and it's just
hamburger onions tomato soup what else
do you put in there onion and oh you're
using this store I got other stuff right
here here's an elbow macaroni okay
pasta pasta show
I like Alden felons hey that's fine
what's wrong with that that's probably
more healthy than anything else
oh look what she's got here guys I've
never made it that one peanut yes well
who remembers my last encounter with
boiled peanut so the boys have one day
off of school this week surprise dad
he's coming
I'm trying to figure out what we do we
got four day weekend with the kids that
is exciting
today is gonna be super chill super
chill hang out my mom have dinner I want
to watch a movie tonight that mu nu
movie
why are you rocking up this is our
pretty basic my favorite thing is just
take a scoop put it on the bread all
right why the bread of course we got a
nice Italian tell it right there
shout out to you honey for mega man
shoutout to my mom plates a shout-out to
you girl at the rock wow she did it yes
do you like the noodles with the no
sauce at all that's right no sauce to
toe isn't it nice isn't it fire nice
look at this addition to my mom's dining
room strange a place to put one of these
but still very nice nonetheless this
little guy right here that's gas you'd
never know it's not that big giant vent
pipe twice the size of mine actually but
it's a freaking gas fire place thing
it's very nice and it has a remote
control kind of wish I went this route
probably heat that room just as well as
they would heat my office just as well
as the palace that we've got and can you
hear it yeah it doesn't make any noise
at all second time tonight I've said it
to her all right my love are you ready
to go home I think we should go home
because it's nine o'clock just checked
my Apple watch that isn't there why so
fast like I can't even make it through a
whole day are you saying yeah it's not
well anything hey guys I'm I'm on the
drive home I'm very interested in like
podcasting now and I was just listening
to Joe Rogan's podcast with Gary B if
you guys don't know who Gary Vee Gary
Vaynerchuk Vaynerchuk Burt and
Vaynerchuk
entrepreneurial genius like business
person
you should listen to him he's super
motivational and yeah just listening to
podcasts on the way home and his gets me
pumped like gives me really pumped I'm
excited to start a podcast it's so so
close so close
our home
and we're homies like that
Veronica started mate is it a is it a
diet is it a wellness program will tell
you more specifics about it when I know
more about it I guess but I have liked
this patch on right this little patch
right here and serious flatulence that
fits those fish sandwiches that you ate
from Wendy's today no I
that's of all the time no you do not
well I'm blaming it because that's the
only new thing angels a cute puppy she's
a big clumsy not get you you guys
everyone gives shoutouts today to Angel
because it's angels birthday what does
she one that's the biggest one-year-old
I've ever seen in my life and this girl
one time
oh you want a Rakhi well happy birthday
angel angel puppy everyone say
night-night Liza Liza I'll see you
tomorrow we are going to sit here and
relax I will probably fall asleep then
relax and chill out and love on the
puppy dogs and watch a movie
hopefully that doesn't take chase like
30 minutes to
laughter so every time there's your bus
your bus is here dude
have a good day at school it's Friday
get pumped Friday we're about to have a
fun weekend whoo love you be good have
fun hey we got the boys out us out to
school and it's about time for a little
Ozzie to go babysitter I have to do
grocery shopping and I'm finishing up
some filming today which is gonna be
nice I'm ready to start pumping out a
lot more these tech reviews you guys
haven't done so already I will leave
something up here for you to click -
once you go sub to my Gilroy how to use
a reviews channel
I plan on blowing that thing up this
year so it'd be super awesome if I had
your guys support on that as well those
videos are a lot more than what you say
a lot more like cinematic a lot more
video style that I can be super super
proud of that show like my skills so
yeah definitely need your support just
go ahead and click click up there and
check it out I'll also leave a link in
the description you guys can check that
out so yeah I'm not gonna bore you with
the grocery shop and all that stuff so
that my friends is where we're gonna
leave you for today I want to thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here
tomorrow
