hey hey welcome to Valentine's Day
everyone I hope you guys are having a
super sweet and romantic day and for
those who don't celebrate Valentine's
Day I'm sorry but today is going to be
miserable for you yeah I was trying to
figure out a way to kind of mash two
days together because as you know on our
trip home from our weekend's excursion
veronica was sick and long story short
we kind of missed a day and now we're up
a day so we need to catch up that's
right today I'm going to take you back
to yesterday sit where Veronica visits
the horse barn and make some amazing
magic happen alright guys we are here at
the barn it's busy here today we've got
stalls being cleaned
Tesla's freezin clothes his rapid I'm
like it I'm not in my barn clothes I'm
doing my entire from life earlier okay
she's been at my house all day this is
what you call an equine chiropractor she
does chiropractic works on horses the
weird kind of just have a ninja
evaluated seeing what is what could be
causing if something's out of use we
don't really know so kind of working on
the said now you'll notice that when he
gets those good release from a horse the
horse has been a yawn look into we're
just totally relaxed when their eyes are
going to shut all like if you've ever
had a massage or had something done that
just feels amazing then just going to
experience that it's going to hurt until
he fixes it many licks he's trying to
figure out what he wants done
the biggest thing when you guys get this
left on is that you have somebody that
works with your horse and not against
your horse only does the things but
needs done and that takes time to look
into what's going on with the horse and
businesses come in and go bam bam bam
see you later all they ready I think you
feeling like you simply look at him oh
yeah he's not like fighting against him
or watch his eyes soften as he starts to
get relaxed that's what we're going to
see we're going to see and just holding
back pretty good oh there he goes
oh so he's like thank you oh but oh I'm
so Oh comments right returned before he
couldn't get hello mm-hmm now we are
getting a little further
and this is good for horses like this is
like a bear yeah the natural therapy I
guess I'm gonna have to hire tests out
of there helping real sincerity - okay
am I the only one who didn't know that
was it see I never knew that forces had
chiropractors like jumping like a human
has a chiropractor like that's just
crazy isn't it so those kind of strange
but interesting and started to interrupt
but our current day continues we've got
everything all cleaned up I think
drunkest couldn't be real happy about
that all the laundry dishes vacuum in
all that stuff I killed it
what anyways Veronica is also work and
she should be showing up here in just a
little bit and I believe we're going to
go hang out with room and a Brit and
just have some dinner relax but yeah
let's continue with this chiropractic
care yeah what we'll do we'll go up in
there and unlock it
Lombard okay is right now is like moon
isn't restore yes he's got no no lot of
removal yeah okay until you get castle
of arson will kill you if I get ya and
it doesn't get good until the upper
grasses so our problem said from here
back and more likely to cancel because
handle
and you're loosing calling on little
trash regarding colleges now look into
coin and yeah so we have to hold up the
back leg just was going to bring him
around so he has to move that and it
already popped cook wine out the muscles
are really mad right now yeah they're
you're lengthening mm-hmm
I put him in a state where they hadn't
been in a long time yeah multiples has
very good muscle memory
mm-hmm over the next couple days
those muscles are gonna start to shrink
and go back to where they were okay soon
as they do that you run the risk of
pulling the vertebrae back out of place
yeah they've got to keep it in the wall
yeah so you're going to start doing this
so do what I'm doing I'm driving the
tail uh-huh
follow my hand yeah
first lumbar that I can feel is right
here so if you push down yeah so I'm
going to put I'm going to prepare you
palm of my hand against it for her
I'm going to pull with my right hand it
pushes my left I'm just going to work my
way and we still have one right there
that we have gotten okay this is
something I do with young horses old
horses I generally do it before I ride
you're working basically what I'm going
to do is like when you get up in the
morning your lower back hurts one of
these numbers you stretches that get
gold but they can't do that so we're
going to do it for $5.00 high dollar and
yeah one nanofy this is ha ha ha
finds a tickle spot okay so once I find
that spot I'm going to dig him in and we
go to the tail okay in fact I'm crying
Pass reaction I want his butt to come
down on the top okay come here
woo we're just going to do a resolution
you can hear you heard it crack yes - so
now we're going to laterally moving okay
right come off this big bone mm-hmm
we're talking both needle caps flexing
laterally from over here still a little
bit stiff on this side but that's just
muscle in it yeah so let your hand work
in oh yeah but what I want to see is I'm
going to use in this centerline want to
go just past the withers that's all the
further I have to take it at first okay
you know as to whether
he's really good this way
okay so just want to get into don't
flirt don't come in here and keep doing
it because you're getting sore okay how
often should I do that
come on okay just good which okay to do
it daily sixth inning the time of the
muscles okay or loose okay especially in
the cold weather like this but then yeah
use gloves you can be a horse yeah I
don't so rest them yeah judgment I
wonder
yeah there's some guys it's like so rest
24 hours yeah those muffins one I'll
leave it guys you work yeah we got to go
back to where we work right so as you
get stronger you start working you can
take these and you can hold again to
start firing okay but make a mistake is
one of my clients did she did like an
hour
she was humping her girlfriend he's
holding he's kept talking oh come on
horse
I made rotations for them oh it was
Daniel's
well then I'm sorry walk like this I
said you know your robots are damaging
yeah especially one either one of us all
right you boys we need to get home so
you guys can get your Valentine's done
and get bags it's already nine seventeen
that means it's past your bedtime
yeah did you think you know why are we
mommy yeah you did she's really your
girlfriend isn't
groans oh
you'll have to wait you're already a
little heartbreaker too you can't even
make any confirmations umbrellas like
umbrellas like wait a second mom
you know what I hate oh she's all right
the house cleaner
you can't look wonderful I would love
hard-working house my growth okay okay
so boys is it true about your Valentine
you guys have girlfriends well because I
don't remember like to share that
personal maid you always intended to go
on
Yeah right so it is Valentine's Day and
so last night after the horse barn we
had to kind of you know get the kids
Valentines up together
honey my mother took kinda longer than
what I expected but it's fine yeah
terrific wonderful yeah yeah I like I
wanted me to watch troll very much
trolls and she made me some
tighter so I couldn't edit while doing
it mm-hmm and we clipped her fingernails
and then we watch The Little Mermaid
make money snapchat oh and then she
wanted a bath and then she wanted to
read three books mm-hmm longtree wanna
hear that so she's a mess hmm oh man
like a good boy now well now they're
baby you know Marlon was no sir horn all
right daddy's helping Carson and get the
rest of his Valentine's box stuff
printed out
I call it actually has a list and he's
making all his out to all his friends in
his class good job Collin good night
Collin till the gladiators good night
come on well good night and no be
kidding look how fat he is
okay honey so I'm gonna call her this
now yep now that are going to sit on his
ass or even fit it well you're going to
color it in a really sweet time left
right now
okay
Veronica's quite the artist does she not
me good you're pretty good anta yep
pretty quickly or actually shut oh sorry
QX collectively we're actually just
leaving remember it my fault chill hang
out now fill in on my part delicious
dinner written in the ability to cook
the boom it's got a whole food like the
kind of sugar and all that and entire
evening Wow I try to let that bag of
sugar oh good listen democracy from that
gave women a big fat bag sugar all right
we're headed back home this is pretty
much our Valentine's Day it's super
super low-key
ah you know they play pretty hard so
they're tired poor thing
happy Valentine's Day kids Thank You
that dog lovin happy Valentine's to you
girls happy Valentine see you can't yeah
so jealous
well guys that's pretty much going to do
it for us today it is Valentine's Day so
grump and I kind of want spend a little
bit time with each other you've been
going all day and we've had fun that's
probably enough time for you to spend on
our Channel today unless of course you
want to go watch some more videos and I
would be totally ok with that as it is
Valentine's Day I wanna wish you guys
happy Valentine's Day and yes that's all
we're go for you today guys thank you so
much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
