that's not like hey guys welcome to
today's video we are decisional
breakfast and a play called eaten part
for one holiday it was all right
leftover I hate my whole entire plate
play dolly hate to play we're getting
ready to back home I want to say thank
you guys for being awesome host Rick and
companions on our ski trip last night
yes I wish you could have got out there
but haha next time yeah it's weird
because like we've had a really good
time but I'm missing the kids go back
where she missing to speak pretty much
time for gentlemen
two per month but let's just get past
all that driving part
alright guys so we're still in the car
third time is 5:15 p.m. as you can see
there is no Veronica with me or Veronica
the car Cygnus has really got a grip on
ER let's just say I dropped her off at
home and I'm about to pick up little
baby Eliza who unfortunately by Lindsay
isn't feeling the greatest I had to sit
here and wait for my sister
kidnapped Eliza like what kidnapper not
really kidnapped are you can consider it
babysitting probably ah hi punky where
have you been and what did your runny
nose poor thing I won get you out give
me kisses
oh what's that doggie doing what hey
doggie doing so now to her dad's house
bro you guys oh they're cooking dinner
fourth night the boys are oh yeah like
you already we don't exist
yeah where'd you go there she is
works up there here I still see you
weird like to go dancing all right let's
go reunite with mommy and the boys okay
we're even really come on here look
there's Bobby Colin and Carson my lady
are you guys good this weekend yeah yeah
we were
that's perfect in the store Oh with
bubbly stopping in from content there
well you guys did Valentines boxes whoa
why is he look at that yeah Liza leaking
oh that's a cool dude look oh man that's
cool
did you finish having was on him well
and when you look quite much yeah Liza
made him again bright baby Eliza its mr.
dad so much he showered me with her ice
cream
real talk how are the kids they were
perfect you did amazing work here so now
the boys did amazing work here
well someone order a little screen on
here I will take care of that yeah
parents gotta be involved in this
someone oh well would you look at this
it's a Jeep or Gilroy's once again oh
yeah that's right not mommy her seat is
empty
she's in the car ahead of him she had to
drive over separate because as I was
getting aliveness she was like oh I feel
better you guys excited to be home yeah
let's get back to it right all right all
right there's our cue
keeps his office since sir Caleb was so
kind to wait I think it was home look I
didn't want she says like it but anyways
so Caleb watched the whole house for us
while we were gone taking care of
everything the dogs the office how many
parties would have be honest yeah she
likes to jump usually from that stool
over to a bean bag but now she has
evolved from bean bag bean bag and it's
like it's next level plate I'm gonna do
it ready set go
apparently man love and everything our
sausage
time consuming
but I wouldn't give it up for anything
it's nice to go and spend some time you
know as a couple with Veronica
but no matter what no matter how much
fun we have when we go right
we always can't wait until with you back
I feel like that's the reward of being a
parent
we gave life to these creatures and it
is such a thrill to be able to like take
care of the Washington Grove teach them
from everything the things
it's a real blessing
from our house go easy there Colin I'm
glad you're home buddy
I missed you get five did you have fun
yeah yeah you guys built some pretty rad
Valentine's Day buck listen Eliza back
here she's mad cuz she's hitting her
diaper change if someone was gonna
change my diaper
I would not be sad about it I would just
be like change it ah yeah I'll just be
like - Linda told us she didn't sleep up
maybe two hours last night
and show that she doesn't have a really
bad stuffy nose and a cough so hopefully
she doesn't get too sick that stinks man
everyone's getting sick the time of year
and I feel like total crap because when
I woke up this morning I started
cleaning up around the condo so we could
be ready to leave and everyone got
showers but me and I didn't get a shower
because there was absolutely no hot
water left I wasn't trying to take a
cold one
so I'm cause I'll take a shower and
relax put the kids to bed and then fast
travel to an empty pot of coffee because
it's morning and we're still super
refreshed having a great night's sleep
let's see what Liza's up to what are you
doing at home wait
what are you doing what are you doing
you close the door like to close the
door
oh I'll tell you one thing it's good to
be back home soon better even though we
were only gone for like a full day and a
half
I guess maybe two days two full days it
was another fun getaway but back to
family life right my love
yeah okay a little bit of an update
right so if you guys remember last week
I said we were going to do a contest or
a challenge rather and I want you guys
to make some motivational posters and a
few of you did so far but by the end of
this vlog we'll have announced who
actually was the winner which will be
coming up right about and the winner is
Kayla out from Twitter it's at us band
three five seven Kayla did an amazing
job
mostly because I really appreciate the
same but also that image is an image
that I took from my drum it's a great
quote company I think we should all live
by and that is having kindness in our
hearts towards not only ourselves but
each other
and Kayla captured that perfectly with
one of my very own pictures so
congratulations Kayla yeah
so congratulations your poster was
awesome we'll be printing that and
hanging it on the wall in the office and
it's going to look really good yes
who looks pretty good sure right hmm you
see how I dressed your kidneys that cuz
you can use okay I'm sure guys free
outfit today of course the worst lady
comes to the hump in dresses are in awe
worships oh my god yes well you're still
cute anyway Liza are my friends so that
pretty much is how we're going to end
the video today I really appreciate you
guys to support your engagement and the
contest thank you guys so much as super
awesome and yeah that pretty much wraps
up for today guys so thank you so much
for watching
and we can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
she said hey hey kymaro take tomorrow
why does not know tomorrow are yeah
tomorrow more fascinated by me today I
don't know tomorrow
