here's the deal guys very windy and that
science says aerial drones are strictly
prohibited which really sucks last night
when we came in there wasn't anything
like that you see there's like grass now
it's like 55 degrees and there's a lot
of snowmelt happening so I think
yesterday would have been the ideal day
to go we just gotta do change get ready
time to go
J is not ready to the lift and we have
to get him ready he's going on the lift
we're gonna go see where he's at
we need a baseline okay okay okay okay
to get the hang of getting off the
chairs one of the hardest parts so you
gotta like you got to be able to know
what happens when you start going heel
side or toeside and heelside means when
you start getting your board dug in this
way and toe side just obviously that way
so I guess the best way to explain it is
like when you get off just keep yourself
loose right and if you start going heel
side embrace it bend your knees same
with toe side do it show me toe side
here we go alright so it's not like a
it's not like a skateboard right if you
lean your toes down you're not
automatically going to turn if you want
to turn that way
lean your toeside and take that back
foot steer with your back foot right
pull that pull that board the way you
want it to go and it'll go oh it'll go
get up keep the board up it does what
you don't know we're not gonna go down
that one that's a little too steep for
you but there's the trail that goes all
the way over that way I think that is
the double black diamond yes J's
dismount right here will be one for the
books
yeah you got it you got it way up bend
the knee yeah bro you got that bro yo
you got a clap it's his first time dude
first time off the list and he nailed it
it's going pretty well so far I'm on a
lift by myself because I wanted to catch
Jay come off this chair this will be his
second only chairlift and as you just
saw he nailed I hope it I hope you can
see it right he nailed coming off the
first lift awesome and this right here
just look at that it's amazing up here
this is where I want to stay one day for
our Valentine's trip
these are usually fully snow-covered
it's it's quite warm today but look at
these like you can just come out your
back door and slide right down all the
way down it's awesome you can't beat
this this is the best you got it Jay
straight off you got it bend your knees
oh dang that was so close that one's a
little tricky though no you did good
my legs are toast like burnt toast all
the way do cred do nasal bizzle so
that's pretty much it we had an amazing
time yeah I mean what how do you think I
feel like I did great I'm glad that I'm
feeling a lot better here I think we all
were a little worried that Veronica was
gonna have a really bad time but it
turned out to be
we just learned something new here in
Pennsylvania state law for them to
separate their adult beverages so down
here in this building there's three
different spots that you have to go in
whether you want liquor
or beer they're crazy
I am moving here ever tell me this tell
me that's a little crazy right we can
finish it for you or it is called right
so it's so called
I feel like if I sit my glass on it sit
my glass on it it would raise there I
bought doesn't like no words yes why
does it feel like you're tucking it in
places it shouldn't
you gotta get every nook and crevice oh
yeah dude this is a bad idea
this is a bad idea sit back what is
happening you want to take a picture
wait he's not done yet
ah it's cold on the flooring right oh my
goodness come on dudes this should not
be happening
Hey
I'm super amazed right now do girls do
this on purpose yes really is that a
fire like it's crying yeah you're crying
from what how long do we have to do this
anything my nose Oh beautiful morning
that's right my friends it is morning we
didn't really get to end the vlog last
night well because we were too focused
on having the best time ever
how are you feeling my love yeah she
says hi seven we're gonna ready to
actually head out of here go have some
breakfast and go get our babies very
excited yeah
well my friends that's pretty much it
from our weekend Valentine's getaway I
hope you guys enjoyed seeing our day on
the slope Seven Springs awesome if you
get the chance definitely come and check
it out if you like skiing snowboarding
etc that my friends is where we will
leave you for today I want to thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here
