say hi can you say hi to the vlog hi she
was smiling hey everyone why does he
want to see you I said brought her books
she's gonna read her stories I am
feeling probably 80% better than what I
did yesterday yesterday I felt like
death I couldn't move I felt like death
literally the body aches was the worst I
still kind of have this coffin like some
congestion ish stuff but I definitely
feel a lot better
this stuff really important it really
did like I've been taking that since
last night and it really does help and
get give me energy
I don't have any men I'm thinking this
about my immunity from you that works
too but it also gives me the vitamins
that I need to get better they're sour
you're gonna kill me they're sour I
don't know about you I love my kids I
love them I'm ready to go
we're only halfway
no I had to pee so bad oh that's deep
the National Road right it goes all the
way from vinalia
Illinois's over to Cumberland
Pennsylvania right straight through Ohio
we were we we've been running parallel
with that on 70 checking out some look
this is the Welcome Center for
Pennsylvania so just learning little
bits of the history oh I don't know why
it's important but it shows you
blue is freezing well why is that
important like all right back on the
road let's see
okay so we made it this place is looking
nice and as a youtuber as like a content
creator always my first order of
business is to check the Wi-Fi and I
just disappear test and it's uh let's
just say it's not the best is that
camera that's the Rex that guy that's
Jay okay and we're leaving
we're just waiting Kim we didn't get to
say howdy yeah hey cam what's up girl
what's up girl we showed up just in time
to rush to go get some food cuz
everything's gonna close soon and we're
hungry it's a snowy Wonderland
okay guys I made a berry hopefully wise
do some crab cakes I love crab cakes Jay
went seafood with me got some salmon
salmon I went okay before we leave
five-second review don't get the salmon
or the crab cakes or the fillet found
ourselves after a very long drive in
Walmart to get some food and stuff and
we came down the ice cream aisle we
found
that textures just looking at you I know
they keep staring at me like he was so
uh really staring us you are extremely
good-looking I want some waffles you
want waffles you're sure they're knowing
my wake up yes you know I kind of scoped
it out and it didn't seem too bad Oh
coffee is down the issues
I waited for baking in the morning yeah
she got a co with the classic bacon
that's right we had to come and get some
food some supplies because well let's
say you can't have a like a Conda
alright and now I have toilet paper
because what happens if in the middle
the night you wake up and you got a - I
don't use told you oh my bad
well do you sock J says this is a
guaranteed win right here teen when I
can tell okay
he's so confident here's how you flog
this Oh
boiled again who looks grossie
oh ho ho dude so much for the guarantee
right this is the only bigger of a
coffee cup we have four in the morning
try now oh look check this out look over
here I'll open the door because you
can't see past the reflection but see
those lights over there right there
that's the mountain it looks small from
here and compared to other parts of the
world where there's some crime with
slopes that's great
like this place is awesome Seven Springs
awesome I remember one year we were at
the lodge and we were looking up and you
could see this it was a snowstorm that
just came right over the top of the hill
and from that point on it's like a
whiteout was awesome I hope we have
something like that I don't think we
will but in the morning I'm gonna do
some really sweet drone shots from here
flying over there that's gonna be sick I
want to show you guys around real quick
that always say is the front door that
leads up to the stairway right it comes
up to this main main part this little
Jays room nice little twin suite okay
okay
twin suite we got washers and dryers in
case you got that dirty clothes going on
little bathroom here this huge vaulted
ceilings check that out it's pretty cool
dining room kitchen would you call that
a kitchenette
a little balcony up here a little
bathroom right here to this cozy little
bedroom right here
it's cozy hey hey oh that makes me dizzy
this is kind of where we have to cut it
because the internet speed is really bad
some nice couples retreat Jr you stoked
yeah man I can't wait I get to learn how
to snowboard way I'm poor Jay he's been
practicing so tomorrow is gonna be like
a crash course we're gonna start with a
crash course literally yeah and get Jay
up on his feet so we could take him on
his first lift that is where we're gonna
leave you for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
