what's up guys welcome to the vlog I'm
I'm down here in the dungeon I call it
the dungeon because it's like the place
that's forgotten everything in our lives
I'm actually looking at one of these
cribs you see we need a crib I'm hoping
that all of the pieces are still oh good
intact we're taking a old crib over to
Scott and Lindsey's because this weekend
we have a very special trip just me and
Veronica and I'm really really excited
about it
we're actually meeting some friends
there but the trip is for us alone and
be romantic
I'm thinking I thought I heard you
oh she's like Jesus Lee
oh you doing oh she's popping like a
fish oh no I gonna be slow to speed you
mother good see you kitty kitty kitty
we're going to put those one bolt I
gotta find the ball hmm I know I've got
it because I'm the type of guy who when
I built something like any kind of
furniture I always say I even have have
all the allen key most of the furniture
pieces come with allen keys I stop all
this ha ha the bag of all right so I
found it like I said
always save everything from stressing Oh
it's Veronica it's Veronica
honey I just Thomas just get down she
really wants to dress up with a towel a
baby towel oh my goodness
okay we have a live stream tonight and I
have to do it early because we are
taking that crib to Scott I'm going to
set it up hopefully we have all the
bolts in this bag plus I'm starving and
I need easy something for live stream
and there's a brand new canes it open
really close so we're gonna go get some
chicken I'm gonna go get the chicken car
isn't it good
where's Carson where is he where's
Gordon oh you go to get you
he's gonna get you look how happy EKKO
is there is echo going to King's you
coming with me
all right let's go we won't we won't
have to stay there for long
yeah no thanks only hurricane
yeah
are we actually going to Roma we're
going keen dude look at that we're going
to key see it's keen where you keep you
I I said we were going to cane would you
still have come if you thought I knew we
were going here
where's the limb faster don't know hmm
don't know uh right through you're
seeing part of the drive through another
side of a pin I'll take my chances on
foot on walk in just go to the next
parking lot point anywhere to park good
for them because as a business this has
to feel amazing right
so on your grand opening in a new
location you have there's probably
hundreds of people here just to get
their chicken it's good chicken I know
we missed it all right we decided to
walk in see what's going on in here
oh that is a lot of people though
pretty clearly ever decision drew you
guys are rough
hundred thousand
we did it we survived that was crazy as
awesome though mister these guys they
didn't have awesome chicken the never
had before go good
highs are you in trouble are you in
trouble right in there you're silly
yeah I don't have any hands can you open
the gate for me I'm literally and look
hey you remember how you warned me about
the line of canes are going to be
ridiculously long yeah well you are
exactly right yeah yeah today's question
is inspired by Scottie where it's got
here yeah what did you just tell me is
your favorite thing to watch o street
like mystery buddy yeah why don't we
fight Scottie pulls up the Facebook
Street slides and I'm like wow that's
kind of interesting foolery
I can watch him in forever yes you just
like watching people like watching fight
yes alright so in the comment I want to
hear what you guys have said when you
are bored and you're going through all
your social media like is there a
certain account that you look up to
check out what they're posting like do
you like to watch street fights or like
a crazy Russian hacker style experiment
or you know what is it do you watch
sports or what put in the comments what
is your favorite thing to absorb I guess
and watch on social media you have got
to be kidding me dude I've never heard
anyone that had it oh you don't miss it
you just make it you know there's
another they were just like we're you
guys cook corn we I don't even know what
to say
they put corn in their spaghetti hide it
you just kind of mix it with your body
I've heard of like Morgan Davis still
does not make fun to me she you have to
try it going after them any corn and
spaghetti combo which is literally good
No yes let me know I didn't try it but I
couldn't imagine my corner of my house
potatoes and I like corn with mac and
cheese that's good
have you ever tried it the other things
together that didn't even feel like
dinner I couldn't even be like all right
you're right it's good nah that's not
good as any of you guys all bandy wheat
corn and gety or corn and macaroni and
cheese which one's better
corn and spaghetti or corn and mac and
cheese for this even benefit enough yes
it'll just insane so that way maybe Liza
will be able to she's staying here this
weekend
she'll be able to sleep good in our own
space and plus we'll hear often and
think over the summer there I'm always
like I wish I had somewhere too long Wow
but this will be lit all summer long why
I think Uncle Don I we could put your
sheets on
I brought your blankie oh this is Bobby
Carson said he's got I'll see you soon
buddy
I Love You Man will do thanks for the
help with the bed Lindsay you take good
care of my little baby while we're gone
it's gonna be I think I'll take lots of
pictures okay we take dr. Amy I'm sorry
I'm sorry boys let's get out of here
time for bed
we got to go bad right now you know why
we got to get for school ready okay
ready
we have grown is look here this might
paint the picture for you is that
prescription alka-seltzer heating pad
bottled water I feel great
Veronica Veronica has been getting sick
since yesterday poor funny what are we
gonna do I just wanna sleep mom sleep it
awesome we thought what we let her I
hope so cuz I don't want to go on this
trip with the sick a sick wife won't
have a happy way not a sick wife I love
you and you know what double talks about
it it double sucks because we got all
this last night and it it's like it was
a perfect indicator that going
snowboarding this weekend of us exactly
what we should be doing what she's sick
and you can't help it and I feel bad for
I feel really bad man I hate that has
that ever happen to you where you're
like you have these awesome plans go do
something amazing and fun and then you
get sick fingers crossed for me guys I
want to say thank you so much for
watching and as always we will see each
and every one of you right back here
tomorrow
