good day to you guys I hope you guys are
feeling fresh as well and dry it's it's
super sunny out today of a guy are you
ready for tonight experiment to be epic
okay no in case you're wondering what
exact we were picking up you win tongue
yeah yeah dry ice
today we're going experiment a little
bit dry I I told the boys about dry ice
and what it can do and they were like
whoa uh so that's exactly what we're
going to do this today we're going to
try and fill this table with dry ice
what do you call it it's like paper
right scientifically dry ice is carbon
dioxide and that's all right Carolina
has brass ruffington's very cool it
feels kind of like liquid nitrogen
I will not never felt it with nitrogen
and on that note we should say
disclaimer everyone disclaimer alert you
don't want to touch dry ice with your
bare hands because it could use proper
okay yeah if you're going to try this
experiment definitely want to use gloves
but I don't have any gloves cuz I'm a
trained professional
okay board well we didn't get a fuss but
you go have a look
we take okay what say we good stuff okay
dry ice actually
in a paper bag but what we're going to
do is take out one big block look at it
okay oh it's cold
alright we're going to set the rest
aside we've got money to do this with I
know we'll get it what do you think we
should do put this right here on the
table or well I think we should keep it
on the napkin you mean the paper sure
you gonna park is Jenny yeah we should
yeah let's get a pop with water ha ha I
just so happen to have some water right
here what we have here is a big pot
filled with mostly warmed water
we didn't boil it or anything should we
break this into small pieces or put that
in there as one big piece Oh big wine
actually very serious let's try a
baseline and put a smaller piece in
first just to see what happens but how
do we you break this hmm I think we need
a to what say we get a statistical
you'll get the chisel well wait thank
you alright so I found the next best
thing a hammer
alright so we have a couple of little
pieces let's just musician solder on
what we want to see first is what
happened when we put just a small piece
of dry lightning into the wok ready here
we go here we go okay
wow that's just one teeth of dry ice and
this thing
whaaa Wow
so that's cool so what do you think's
happening right now so Spears going into
the bubble in a bubble the problem
underneath in the wall this is a carbon
this is carbon dioxide in a solid form
so when you put it in the water you are
returning that solid form back into a
gas and all it can do is I guess bubble
up go all the way to the top and then
pause and then up we appear to escape we
just put a little chunk the neck let's
put a big piece in it for good you guys
could you guys go try and drop it real
quick so I want to hold on to this long
what's strange is the water is warm
ok we think that this despite going in
here would make the waterfall so that's
really cool
we're taking only a couple of chunks of
dry ice and put it inside this pail and
we've been able to create a massive
amount of smoke it is wild yeah yeah we
already know how it works let's do a fun
little trick where we create a big giant
smoke go home do some gone liquid
district
oco-2 is in solid form to the frozen
solid state and because we're putting
them in this hot water it's rapidly
dissipating back into a gas okay
and the gap is expanding in the air so
what's happening you're putting more air
inside this bubble it's just going to
build up and build up and so the bubble
can't take anymore
and then so as you can tell the bubbles
aren't blowing up as rapidly as they
were before and the reaction has
definitely slowed down and if you feel
the tides and the water is way colder
than it was when we started when we
started it was hot so that smells you
too dry ice has a more aggressive
reaction the hotter the water so as they
cool down you're not going to see as
much vapor the bubbles are going a lot
slower
it's going to blow eventually okay no
going it's hot oui Missy ah
wow that was a pretty cool first run
with dry ice what do you guys did good
I think I think we should definitely try
and do this again with our mega awesome
bubble mixture if you guys have never
seen that video I'll link it above it's
basically just a really good bubble make
sure to help you make gigantic bubbles
if we choose the right container we
might just be able to get some
incredibly big bubbles from the dry ice
yeah
so guys that's all we're going to have
for you today thumbs up this video if
you want to see more dry ice experiments
and from here at the Gilroy house we
want to say thank you guys so much for
watching if you haven't already click
that subscribe button
stay up to date with everything we do
and that my friends is where we will
leave you for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
