hey guys welcome to our day if you
remember at the end of yesterday's video
Eliza Eliza it started like getting a
bad fever and she wasn't feeling real
good she's basically teasing okay did
them her big molars are starting to come
in the rest of the teeth that she needs
are coming in all at once so she's like
four things on our dime sit down okay
well I picked up baby Liza's some some
relief today there's this stuff right
here if you read like tooth pain or
anything or a gel or Joe it doesn't last
very long but it'll give you some sort
of relief is here children feeling you
want some of that for your way through
teeth might go yeah you're 40 will you
finish eating that stuff first and then
we'll put it on when you're all done k
I'm not gonna put it on your pup no it
doesn't go on your puffs great thanks it
completely we've already bit me hey
everything is good hey what did you do
tell everyone what is it today because
really cool what we're two sounded like
pleasing you said you touch day how do
you do i need you i need to sing oh my
gosh dude you need you just a sec he
just ate a Boston cream roll and now
it's like all stuff here what was I like
touching a baby alligator
it was on the tail it was like it
was bumpy obviously we are at home and
Veronica is at the barn taking care of
stuff they're going the grocery store
also I had a really cool fun idea for
some new artwork mm-hmm pretty much like
them all right so I thought I'd come up
with something real fun for us to do
because today is all about creating
things as you can see back there one of
my first words I chose to paste inside
the office was create so let's create
something okay so here's what I'm
thinking good I have been tossing around
the idea of coming up with the new
personal brand something that I feel
like is very strong and I believe in
with a hundred percent of my body and
one of those is chasing your dream and
so I thought something that I would
offer to people because as you know I'd
love flying the drone I love taking
photos and I love creating video so
creating is something that I'm very
passionate about and the ones help
motivate you guys do the same thing so
you know like those motivational posters
and I just pulled this one up for
reference like it's a beautiful image
coupled with a powerful word and a quote
to help like something that you could
hang on the wall to help keep you
motivated okay and so where I think we
can work together on something really
fun and really cool and one hundred
percent free to you all you have to do
is take it your time in it it goes right
hand in hand with today's sponsorship by
graphics com if you've never used
graphics com you guys it's a it's a
giant database of images let's just go
Mountain let's say we wanted to create a
motivational poster and mountain was
part of the background we could choose
something like this beautiful shot right
here of a mountain peak and then create
one of those motivational poster
graphic stock actually wants to hook all
of you guys up anyone who's a fan of
mine with a free 7 day trial go in there
sign up download and keep royalty free
all the images that you could care to
download and they're free to you forever
but if you don't want to keep the
membership make sure you cancel so that
you're not charged for it but I promise
you if you guys like to create stuff as
much as I do you know this is your
chance to get some free images and
they've got a lot of really cool stuff
in here over 300,000 images that look to
you sign up for a free to seven day
trial go find one of these really
amazing images and create a motivational
poster and i'm going to pick the best
one and show it in the vlog and give you
a huge shout out and i'm going to also
print that frame it and put it on the
wall in here as the first motivational
poster made by one of you guys so i
think that's really fun and really cool
way to engage you guys to create
something and yeah you can just look it
up there's a bunch of like photo editing
software's that you could use I
personally use Photoshop but there's
some free open-source ones that you can
use to probably and pull it off and
Microsoft Paint I don't know set a
deadline for let's say monday of next
week so monday of next week we will
announce whose image was the best i want
you to submit them to me on twitter all
you got to do upload it to Twitter tag
at gilroy blogs hashtag motivational
poster supporting our sponsors are a
great way to help support me as a
creator so definitely click the link in
the description get yourself a free
7-day trial or graphics com and get some
free cool images if anything to top in
there and download an awesome desktop
image free computer with girl right here
are you sure you want to go inside or
you want to walk your show good side I
was like she wants to go the office she
kept in office of it and then we got out
here and unlike the Denver area do some
sniffing
he was going to die I was a beautiful
day guys I wish I could have shown you
more of the outside but I had a mountain
of stuff to do today what don't take
that every you like the clouds yeah yeah
it's orange Liza who did that we go
outside for five seconds in our screen
is destroyed coming soon to the gilroy
dog how to channel how to replace screen
on the screen door oh here's Dallas two
showed up okay one show everyone your
earrings news with the discuss I got a
strapping as their attitude and right
now so not just won the boat right here
going to eight nothing double zero that
means you want big holes in today just
use Elliot you should just use a hole
punch yeah sock what happened I got
could you imagine though they're well
done with it it was just a straight
needle and on our question we call that
we saw that when you go get your ears
pierced I'm not here somebody is and
shoot it down in one shot show them how
it's done Carson I feel like you're
gonna nail it oh they're still to
standed nah 00 filet of game mommy's
home with groceries came to crash the
party Oh
one of the license every things to do
and they bring the groceries in is to go
through everything to make sure that we
go only the best thing for her what's
your favorite thing Liza Oh Tina yeah
hard to pull all the highs and I'll sit
there I got already three chickens and
my friends hold my cookie what is it
what you God muffin is my favorite I've
got some bad news what okay I didn't
want to tell you this on camera but
worth longer look so I got to tell you
anyway are you ready for a bad news well
racers the bad news is it's time for bed
which leads me to the good news which is
that it's time for bed it's 857 you guys
in Tibet it ten o'clock last night so
nine o'clock it is hey your head is
hurting you know what you need I know
what you need here's what we're gonna do
tonight this is a special night this is
a very special night when the kids go to
bed you have to put on your super
comfortable yoga pinion a highly
athletic top okay and I'll do the same
cracker yummy oh if you ask me so Bronco
wasn't really into doing it a couple
give it to me because she's been too
busy today so instead on the essence of
creating today I thought I'd come out
here and do some more work on the well
legends of Awesome videos and I thought
since you guys have waited too long I
wonder I want to show you a clip really
quick of one of the shops that will be
used in the legends of Awesome episodes
such a really cool shop and big shots
and Matthew Weber for being so patient
but this video is going to be really
really good so check this out this is a
really cool slow-mo clip of Matthew nail
in this really sick trick show
have a good day at school I love you be
good Oh hurry up your bus driver with it
that's right good morning good beautiful
morning after you guys enjoyed that clip
although it took a very short clip very
cool like we got some really really good
footage so we worked a little bit of
that video last night and I gotta say
I'm like reignited the passion for these
legends of Awesome videos like they're
good the concept is amazing so I'm going
to keep plugging away on that until it's
completely finished and then just keep
putting those out as they become
available it's right side and I make
sure the deepest truth still started and
your wallets in there so you don't
forget it okay like you did yesterday
and every day on my lie beneath you so
my friends I have scheduled training
today so i'll be teaching some editing
and creating some of those videos for
you guys to walk into the process as
well keep your eye on the bureau reviews
and how to's to that can we'll be coming
back to life very soon and also the
legends of Awesome videos are resuming
editing so we'll get you guys a new
legends of awesome video very soon I'm
really excited to put this next one I
think it's going to be really good with
that I'm friends thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here all right
