it's project they got what's happening
my friend today helping out the scouting
criminal Lindsay grandma and replacing
her seek she's got a new top to put on
here and this is way still the old one
this is the new one what's it look like
oh that's way lighter
yeah it's plain white oh that's cool oh
good
that's way better like this is key
backsplash for the old one came up I
don't know why they did this but
backsplash camo use this far into the
mirror normally you'd like mount the
mirror right on top of the backsplash
but this is the drain for that faucet
right but once you get it all stuffed in
here and there's not on here tight where
it needs to be this part should move
real free but it's very sick this
extension of this rod is just a little
bit too long so we need to shave it off
if that louse because of this giant
torpedo these things are off
you just don't love guys all guys that's
hot
oh yeah that's way good that's good yeah
oh yeah that looks good what we honor
with awesome we're going to make him
give an actual thank you yes so
basically uh we're doing a little bit of
work today so that evening when we're
finished we're going to have babysitters
and then got Lindsay and brought to
myself we're going to go down a little
Betty oh man
Roxton show time now
yes gonna sin a while but need a suspect
God they're up and can stop thing
can I see yeah um listen to him right
now he's a regular song versus cat when
I think about that Oh
change of plans basically tomorrow it's
going to be a lot warmer than it is
today and the Super Bowl which I'm not
entirely crazy about the Super Bowl
I notice the Falcons and the Patriots
will have its Falcons in the Patriots
will do some of our filming of Atlanta
tea today tomorrow because it's gonna be
way warmer and ain't nobody trying to go
outside and catch me outside
how about ass I'm actually super nervous
still about my tooth so I hope it
doesn't bother me too bad it's the
weekend like what are you supposed to do
alright so quick jump back home to
change hair gone you know freshen up a
little big in my shirt on we're in the
back of an uber
check out these SuperDraft so girl
oh it's Lindsay ah ambien is a bezel so
in case you know when's his birthday is
Tuesday then these only unbeaten four
years old package much over today
working a drunk Oh
Linds birthday is on Tuesday and so in
the middle of work week we gotta go out
tonight and celebrate the restart with
food where do you want to go let's see
I'm sorry what
you know what I get when I'm going to
ask me okay you know what sucks should
all go into Applebee's on a Saturday
like you have a dime time what everybody
around here let's go to Applebee's on
Saturday the spot right it's crazy to
because there's so many restaurants here
Applebee's
Red Lobster Longhorn and that's so many
I'll tumble yeah
there's no I plan yes got wins in
fastest I had a little part of my steak
with a little too chilly yep you know
what I mean
alright so it's your birthday what do we
do from here the licen oh yeah mm-hmm
it's about that time my friend time for
the Red Solo Cup the infamous that's a
little crazy yeah a little break for the
evening tea pot see ya
come on in here you ready back here we
go sure so here is my handle here is
without wit again a few drops in DHS's
tips me ever and for me out
Aliza like that song just about as much
as I like you bought that was much
select coffee but the copies are too
cold because we've already been gone for
a while and that's how you fail a
morning transition I meant to I meant to
actually do a cool little transition and
say about as much about I going to
church because that's where we went this
morning which we had a very fun time by
the way and it's really nice to do
welcome very early to that but we were
in such a rush this morning that I
forgot the camera forgot you guys I
forgot you here we went to church and I
do apologize that so we're back home
house church you
yeah did you like it did you have fun
yeah yeah yeah chocolate what are you
doing
slam your toys Janan mmm
time to clean your room but on top of
that why because today is Super Bowl
Sunday guys it's Super Bowl Sunday
and we are getting ready to go over to
Scott and Lindsay honey bring ball ready
yep your pressure up there honey you
look lovely I'm sad you guys miss the
Broncos outfit she looked amazing which
one she still looks amazing right now
what is no James in a shirt look at
those cars on you look like the ocean
usually most comfortable pants and Murr
room was so comfortable well let me see
what is it
you can't even grab it I can't even grab
it oh okay okay so okay okay okay so
okay okay so we're getting ready to get
out of here what I wanted to say
something special oh yeah before we go
for the day guys I want to kind of
update all my twitch family usually on
Sundays we have a stream at 10:00 in the
morning but we're going to try and start
going to church on a regular basis so
that completely foils our 10:00 a.m.
Sunday morning livestream we're going to
go ahead and switch that over to 6:00
p.m. on Sundays every Sunday always
follow me on Twitter to be updated if we
change the stream time or anything like
that so so yeah it's Super Bowl Sunday
there's no way to know now who wins but
by the time you're watching this or if
this is later for this evening there's
already a winner and so congratulations
that is where we're going to leave
before today once they think so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
