hi cutie
hmm did you have a good to her have to
be hungry don't you say hi to everyone
and say hi hi oh okay oh yeah what is
happening guys happy day to you it is
what we desperately need some there I
say each man son
okay that's not going to happen anytime
soon
so huddling under the blanket on a very
cold day today it's really cold out
tonight you're gonna have more than
profit that's why I felt might come
across the glass bronze has already been
to the barn today we were just talking
hey we're hungry so you guys ready go
get some food or solder how long ago get
the food where we going
wherever you want we're going back here
again this times not as crowded but
you see this dude right over here is
Francis Mann you ate the board here
thing now I'm proud to you tonight
working we put in social media of those
one and it'll be on if you have want to
it I will I'm either I'm claiming that
also we have this what are you doing oh
yeah I'm up for what do you intro are
you talking about the playground I'm
gonna check out the playground yeah
cause you want these playground no no
all right
then we're gonna head to Jason what what
are you doing
look at you did to your eyes now you'd
never catch me dead in anything
why are you Kevin driving daddy
I'm driven daddy on the school bus what
are you doing honey you uh looks a
little big for that
we have a girl you understand
ah you're have to reverse out of that
you made it
okay ruin the dreaded mall playground
area
why do them fun ronstan over here like
she's right here you're like watching
all these kids running around her she
just got knocked over one man's are like
Oh
they're like literally like running on
comforting yeah
we probably would have passed by by this
but employers were like
Oh
my kids are trying out for a measurement
warrior the state boards like candy
we're going to check out this cool
machine checklist and looks like a looks
like the candy will drop down the stream
oh yeah well welcome do Wow candy drop
down the chute and go down side the
thing with the bucket probably is it
yeah let's pick these and try out do
happen whoa dude that's what four
dollars with the candy looks like yeah
oh my god we should make a machine like
this good oh man oh did you
say their soul it I like it that easy
oh wise are you in and tickets here you
want three tickets you can have them I
want you to think the kids are almost
out of tokens in this tower here we got
the one we just did the coin flip I hit
the three right after you got what the
jackpot Oh like their way good job dude
I like it the final thing you can't hit
how many did you get
all right calling Lyn Paul wins with the
amount of tickets good job dude you got
all the tickets how'd you do that
because I'm good
I remember our case being right cooler
when I was a kid
to me they're probably and that has a
lot to do with like Xbox 360 Xbox one
the whole game car how about it but
these do tad
Jeff on getting your ticket you want to
go be in a tornado just a fun way to get
out of the house today and have fun be
inside is super cold you can't wait for
spring summer I'm over winter ready
ready ready
guys that portal our boss candy just
probably cost me can you see her seeing
me in a better light I crunched down on
one of those bananas and as soon as I
did it I felt something else weird
crunchy in there and this is a tooth
that I already have a filling on a big
one it's poisoning me polled the night
beer and then a mini mouth mmm
can you tell the gladiators good night
oh yeah good night mommy
oh man okay give me a kick-out give me
kiss on my cheek oh I love you I love
you
you thought maybe the coffee I make me
feel better
hi I'm sorry guys I didn't check out
last night I got really bummed like I
chipped a tooth out I'm not the whole
thing is I ain't still there everything
but like it's like life has a way of
reminding you in an instant boom you're
not you're not immortal you're human and
like if you don't take care of yourself
in like all you'll fall apart I hope I I
don't even know if I'll be able to save
my - I'm like oh because it's already
got a filling in it oh you're Karen Oh
Jimmy go just this is our appliance
cabinet was all is it all our drinks
figura fine we're making homemade
waffles today I can't wait love homemade
waffle hopefully I could - I guess I
just got really bummed out last night
and worried that you guys wouldn't like
me anymore if I lost my tooth I'm gonna
wait for my cup of coffee to get done as
this video and I'm going to go help out
today
God's putting a kitchen sink and I don't
opportunity to get some more cool test
footage there review I'm sure we're
going to have fun today we're just
having a little fun with this fun back
they are crazy so let my friend throw a
lead for today so what what what we can
see right here
