Oh what's up guys Oh BRR it's cold so
we're all here doing some test shots
with the GoPro karma um forgot the boys
helping me and it's just about time I'm
wrapping up these are the last couple
shots I needed we are wrapping up we got
a head inside because it's almost time
for my music class well it's not a class
just uh time to record it oh you'll be
inside will you yeah boy
look I'm sitting look up there you see
that round glowing thing up there that's
a I don't know if you can see it or not
that's the Sun kids
oh there you can see me we haven't seen
the Sun for days weeks on the so there
it is
Oh Oh it's still winter
did you know today's Groundhog Day did
you know that dad
slimy fuzzball said we had six more
weeks left that's awful yeah guys if you
haven't seen it yet this is the GoPro
karma a more advanced version of the FEA
tech g4 series this is the newer version
GoPros version and this is what I'm
doing a review on it's pretty sick it's
actually really really nice so look
forward to that soon I have but just a
few minutes before my mates start
showing up I get to record some more
jams all my friends vape
when we're in here recording music it's
okay see it's like Snoop Dogg
dr. Dre studio and here with all the
famous alright listen check this out
look what we did here we just did this
remember me the other day I was like hey
we're gonna do this this is my idea this
is what it is right now I've hung a
tablet because we're gonna livestream
some of our recording session but how
cool is that like we can literally use
these articulating arms to hang all
kinds of stuff and right now the
purposes the iPad so we can run camera
that's pretty cool yeah right that's
pretty cool oh god people just love when
you're here I love to be here
do you know made that I saw no Chad who
made that song you guys could have been
super cool to be in a livestream
watching us record and everybody like
shut up dude we're trying to hear this
but yeah we're just laying down the
backups to what we've recorded already
Matt's brought the Tambo so we can put
down some Sam Breen you wanna stick it
you're gonna stick that veronica is over
at Britney's house Lindsay my casseroles
dish kids are so technically just like
Adam okay okay so it's 8 p.m.
eight seven eight oh seven eight oh
seven pm its Cossack I'll go thanks god
wish you didn't have to go well we had a
fun time tonight didn't we yes blast
yeah we did a live stream that was super
awesome and we're gonna start doing that
every time we get together to record cuz
we had a lot of fun we had a lot of
feedback and really cool conversation
with you guys on you now yeah I think
it's no it's already fun
wait fun we were having fun without
lighting now we're just recording it so
you guys can yeah it's like we're it's
like we're all together in a part in
like a real big party at a party oh it's
a party you know I'll see I'll probably
and Saturday and Sunday - oh I'm sure
please don't go please come all right
let's go toward we started this with
just a guitar track and a vocal track
and now we're we starting to like
duplicate and change octaves and do all
kinds of really cool stuff I I really do
apologize that you haven't heard a final
mix at this point yeah we're working to
make it really cool and based on what we
worked on tonight and those of you who
joined the you now live stream you you
heard it in action it's starting to
sound really really cool and I can't
wait to you guys hear what we've been
working CAD has got to go is that you
guys we can probably do this oh yeah
like yeah we can get sick doing it
that's the thing about being parents you
know and having responsibilities you go
- yeah but allocating your time
yeah so I'm gonna do exactly what you're
doing you have to drive though I'm gonna
hang out with these dudes leaves because
Veronica's hanging out with Brittney and
Lindsey tonight so it's Wendy's night oh
I miss my Liza
welcome to the office fuzzy hair where
you been girl I missed you so much
girl's mom well I'll tell you one of my
favorite times of the day is when we as
a family all get back together for my
busy days this little lovely little blah
blah blah oh my gosh you guys it is hot
out here
before I go outside I kind of need to
keep the regulation of temperature here
and as you know the only way for me to
do that is to crack that door we all
know what happens when I crack that door
I got one of these big giant rat traps
look at this thing watch I'm gonna give
you a little demo real quick watch what
happens if something crosses this rat
trap here let's do that again in slow
motion
let's just say we don't want to see
anyone caught in that thing right there
I'm gonna set the trap but just a little
bit of bread here very carefully placed
inside that thing maybe we'll catch us
and well you woke up quick then yeah
look at you we're copying everything
right there look at your coffee face
right now wait oh I was gonna say you
can't chug it as hot super hot what's
she doing Luxan
is that good
what do you got these dudes that have
school today so it's super nice we're
gonna have a nice long weekend I don't
know what to do that because it is
frigid outside right now yeah mm-hmm
Veronica's getting ready to go to the
barn I've got some nice hot coffee
well just get done what you gotta do so
we can have some fun today yeah yeah
yeah
thumbs up for no school right I just I
just literally rolled out of it and I'm
trying to get I've already pre edited
the vlog so I'm trying to get done real
early today so that we can go and do
something cool so my friends I know
today's kind of short but that's what
we're gonna leave
today she's safe but that's why we're
going to leave before today I want to
say thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right we can't
wait to see you right back here
