good evening guys I just got back here
and we're gonna get the health pick
we're going to pick a tub and do some of
the treatment and stuff for his leg as
you can see from where the votes here
where and gave him that shot the
swelling is down a bit up here in more
of his leg part the swelling is down a
lot it's still a little swollen around
the ankle area but it's definitely
looking better
oh she's on the phone oh good
this was just best annulment jizz okay
hi his back off is getting a little
better when we would take it before he
would have to spill sensitive spots and
he was kind of try and pull away from
you but when I just picked it he seems
to be doing a lot better but he is on
pain medicine right now to yourself
suddenly has something to do with it the
one treatment I don't know if you guys
can see me okay or not she she said the
cold hose like 10 or 15 minutes 10 or 15
minutes twice a day so I'm just out here
with cold hose goes in his leg down he
knows it seeing the can look burn
burners burners yeah this has been kind
of under the weather issues sipping on
some ginger ale
but we I'm just trying to let him sit
here and his legs kind of warmed back up
I guess before I do the warm saltwater
soap I don't want to send them into
shock from a cold foot to a warm foot so
we've got this handy dandy little boot
here the Soaker boot you're going to put
the Epsom salt in there in warm water
and then you strap it all around his leg
and let them soak for like 20 minutes
just like that and then sew his foot is
soaking in the salt water
which will help draw that infection like
any more exception if there's anything
else in there this girl look damn he now
they're trying to fix the Gator knees is
laughing at her relaxing so pretty much
what I do is you get these puppy pads or
just like it's a puppy pee pad instant
death tape
so we just leave that on for 10 minutes
fish he has been a very good boy and
some cheap he's like oh yeah oh yeah
listen what next one next plant num1
Riley you're gonna help me tomorrow
y-yeah I like having helpers this is
Riley this is Tessa and Dan stop it how
old are you Riley four four do you love
horses
yeah if you've grown up as a Bond girl
who's your favorite horsey um all of
them uh special I made my phone really
you know sweeping Wow I just washed my
hands you missed it then I was doing the
disbander peer learning dollar I do
noises right hey I'm Ana Paula vinegar
yeah yeah hi Jerry
take a teeth with this I'll grab it up a
munch shake it roll pop it open
mm-hmm and then I swallow it and then I
want to take it away from my lip this
like string wampum came out with it and
then I look in there and it was all
chunky save Zach her for our viewers to
see from ERISA Oh No how is ninja he's
good yeah yeah I got there and I already
told my promise really
and when there are yeah we've seen it
but he let me cold hose in dried ma so
Sammy's getting used to the foot Soaker
boot so I went to Radio Shack earlier I
didn't mention a yeah Radio Shack
earlier and I got some supplies I mean
the boys are about to do a cool
experiment you got 30 minutes before
bedtime hey guys I hope you're ready to
learn because today we're going to learn
a little bit more science particularly
electronics and eventually in a future
video I'm going to teach the kids how to
make their own flashlight just like this
right so in a lot of modern flashlights
right these are LED you see the little
bulbs in there those are LEDs but what I
wanted to show you guys was how to build
a simple circuit to power an LED light
and eventually would use that knowledge
to create our own flashlight
line so this is how we'll build the
circuitry but in the future we'll use a
3d printer to print the actual casing
the housing and stuff we'll have to use
Springs and wires but we'll get it to
figure that out we're starting with a
power pack right and this power pack has
a like a 9-volt jacket here with some
leads coming off of it red is positive
black is negative okay and we could do
this just by touching the wires together
but it's a lot easier using this is like
a breadboard these have like metal
plates and sides that connect together
and you got to keep the rows in line but
anyway a circuit is the flow of
electricity from one point to the other
to complete a circuit and you can create
very intricate and detailed circuit by
adding different steps in between the
flow of the current right so really all
we want to do
is turn on the light bulb so what we
need to do first is connect our power to
it and so this is the positive side
we're going to just pop that right
inside there and this is the negative
side right here this is a two point two
kilo ohm half watt resistor three red
bands in one gold band we're going to
add that it doesn't matter what side you
put in first but we're going to skip
this middle part because we just want to
reach over here we'll just plugged in in
pretty sure this LED has two little ends
on one of the ends is shorter okay
the shortest end is the negative side
you want to keep the negative side the
short side on the negative side right so
we're going to plug that in anywhere on
this has that negative polarity and I
keep it downloaded just so we can little
fit properly and then we plug that right
in the same row you see a little line
right and that's off and then plug in
see what happens when we went one row
above where our resistors plugged in it
doesn't work of it so what we do is we
take it and we plug it on the same line
boom all and there it lit up I want to
show you another step so this lights up
since it's all connected we don't have a
way to turn it on and off without taking
it out right we can do something really
cool and that's add a little switch in
between right beside our resistor and
the other side will plug in right over
here good take our negative side plug it
in over there and pull that guy and
right beside our switch you see how it
connects that circuit
what happens when I push put me push it
oh yeah when no one goes pretty good
hold it though it's really hard for the
camera to see all right this is called
um you can leave it there
loser this is called a momentary switch
so it only activates when you're
pressing we can use this concept to
create a flashlight what I also wanted
to show you guys something really cool
which is this guy this is an infrared
LED and let me just hook it up for you
real quick alright so what I want you to
do is hold this like this okay don't let
the battery pack fall out and I want you
to go over to that thing there and I
want you to shine that diode all over
right by that mirror okay yep now watch
when the camera switches and the camera
switches over to infrared hold on hold
on buddy and what you can't see okay
there goes it switched over to imprint
now look at Carson right move the light
around
okay you know it looks like Carson's
holding a flashlight but when we look
over at Carson it's pitch black
how cool is that is what do you think No
kinda what are you messing with it whoa
what was that
so isn't that correct a nice little
experiment and electronic I want to
teach the boys how to make their own
flashlights not only using the circuitry
but using a 3d printer as well so it's
going to be a real fun when we actually
get to making that but this is kind of
like the I guess the prerequisite course
before you get into making a flashlight
free for it pick up a baby saw me so it
can stop a busy time that's toddler
language coming here into reading her
own the time and a good morning Wow who
is that
unless you know one of those moments if
you stay up late and study hard you like
fall asleep with your laptop in your lap
that's what they're made for
pretty sure so we're starting off with
some coffee I get the kids off lesson
with a babysitter today I think we might
have some actual not dark grey cloudy
day so I might be able to get review
done today I'm pretty excited because
I've been dying for the weather's brick
I think today might be the day I'm
pretty suit okay friends so my family
has prepared for their day we're all
getting right in
we're in smashing today Bronson was
going to babysitter
because they're a school and I I plan to
film to that stuff look forward for
tomorrow's video sorry today's kind of
scatterbrained button
thank you so much for watching can't
wait to see you right back here
