so guys I thought of an innovation right
today we're going to work on something
pretty minor but it's going to be cool
the spot in the office right where the
bar top is kind of in the middle of
those two windows we have that wall
space I'm about to film a couple review
videos and repair videos namely on the
rx100 mark 3 the other camera that we
have that Veronica kept dropping I
thought of an idea to get some really
cool angles all right so we'll take
these flanges be up against the wall
like this right it'll come out just a
little bit and then we'll start going
over and cutting this length of pipe for
us to fit exactly what we need and it
will just come over and repeat the same
thing on this side which will allow us
to attach articulating arms and the
cameras and the lights and stuff that we
need to get this really cool overhead
shot not only do I need that stuff and
tell it because that's like a weekly
thing for me
but since yesterday's video on a new
necessary tool for the office if you
miss it you got to go back and see it
but we had a Ratignolle so somehow
they're getting in and we got it we got
to catch up so think something like this
is going to work yeah I just realized
I'm literally out of time
I don't understand how come just at that
I had enough time to edit send some
emails do a little bit of planning I
took a course from my after effect and I
want stuff that's just now I'm going to
go get the kids this is the folks the
Boston to pick up Eliza
wait Amanda where's Eliza who that
little girl all right we got Liza
yay Liza
take a look at this for a second take a
look at this guy for one second
that's cloudiness that ah this is what
this is what we get all winter long
no depressing you want broke up you want
it look at my bro Helen finishing drum
practice we're grateful by the amazing
Pastor Dave close to the office he's too
kind I love this guy and maybe Eliza's
about the tikka drum lesson I feel like
I should hop in there show them what a
real bummer can do
is he doing all right Matt I see now log
on MySpace he's like next man okay they
don't sound all crazy
listen listen Linda
but listen doctor they're canal your
exact Rajas but it's not on Mike drop
the microphone people so we had a fun
refreshing time hanging out with Dave
after drum practice then y'all talking
about lots of things very good
conversation something that I kind of I
guess wanted to mention was through
through grandpa Bob passing and learning
that grandpa Bob it's a very Christian
person wasn't at one point Christian at
all meant a lot to me to know that and
Veronica's and harping on the fact that
we don't go to church at all for a while
now
softly I think like now I feel like I'm
ready to kind of go to church and maybe
that would be my connection with Bob
again but I don't know I feel like we
should start going here a turtleneck to
church yeah what about you yeah yeah
yeah so we were just kind of we were
just kind of hanging out in the office
talking with Dave a bunch of different
things and one
those would be going back to church and
I think it's going to be fun I think
it's gonna be good good for the soul
good for the good for the guilt the
inner Gil you know what else is good for
the inner Gil that is food and Veronica
is prepping a delicious dinner of only
egg not cooked we have to eat them just
like this
so I'm going to show you guys how to eat
a completely raw egg in the shell ready
okay everyone can go home camera for me
Chris it was really hard to do you think
I can really do this
well it was fine last time all tougher
legs show cracking a little bit and cut
your throat no the bigger egg this this
is what really helped you Senor
all right I'll not help you were
supposed to catch it
well that would supposed to be a really
cool illusion that woulda made you
believe that oh boy
but Matt drop the ball I mean egg when
I'm done okay all right
Matt you better clean that up I'm all
bundled up and I came over here to the
barn poor ninja getting he's got some
issues we've been working with him is
one back leg
he was like limping on it last week
hi buddy hey hi huh Hey
I'm what are you doing here so late it's
good time he had some issues he's
limping on it and we kind of treated it
a little bit with some they're like
magic boots pretty much it's called this
magic cushion I don't know does any of
you horse owners of a heart of magic
cushion it truly is magic and he we
treated him with that and put these
special boots on em and oh you just
caught your eye on my zipper dude ah
totally just caught his eye on my zipper
but um oh yeah lovin Oh anyways yeah he
was running a little bit of a fever and
we got all that under control needles
say he we think he kind of blew an
abscess out the back of this heal and
that is kind of draining right now and
getting better but his leg is really
stocked up now I know what he loves so
which means it's really swollen so I'm
going to get him out and kind of walk
him around and see if he's still limping
on it or if it's bothering him at all
and stuff like that so let's take a look
I'm very relieved that he's not limping
on it but was it being swollen the way
it is it's just a big concern that you
know is the circulation going all the
way through is it swelled up with just
fluid is it so swelled up but you know
there's no blood flow getting to his leg
and you can't really have a three-legged
horse so if there's no blood flows and
the leg dies we have to amputate it and
I mean at that point horses usually just
need to put down and I don't even want
to think about that so I just came to
check on him and feel his leg and see
make sure you know there's places you
can check for pulses and the horse's leg
and make sure all that's good so let's
get them tied up in these earnest hind
legs and you can really see there's less
well it's his right but on the left this
one here there's a lot more swollen than
that one and this is where he's blown
the abscess out of his the back of this
heal so I am just going to check nobody
for any heat name does it feel anything
I don't know what's going on but and you
hate to leave him out here like this and
you know you're doing okay but he hasn't
had a fever I yeah I have already called
the bay
I called them earlier today when Tessa
called me to let me know that he was
still super swollen I mean so that's
coming out tomorrow morning at some
point I'll bring you guys back along
just so we can see what's going on I'm
guessing he's going to need a round of
antibiotics probably some steroids to
get the swelling down
we might get blood work just to make
sure there's no blood clots or if that
can check for the blood clots and stuff
like that and see what's going on with
them I'm ready for spring ready to get
this boy back out and get them worked in
and running and for all the muds that
just go away joon-young
good morning guys we're back
Barnes with ninj and the vet is here
you're going to look at him he's sown
about the same condition I just
explained to her what was going on the
treatment we've done for him and stuff
like that so it is superly not had
coffee yet he's a little bit painful on
the back side of the hoop yeah that's on
the one side yeah that's where he blew
something out and it was kind of close
back up I'm ed to count on my session
times I hear swelling that goes up okay
I'm calling him a painkiller and my
friend or enemy okay
I'd go he had some but I I don't know
yeah I don't think she still has it
oh yes probably the powder so we can
just add to his screen yeah and I was
probably just hose it off twice a day in
cold water okay and who's going to save
had this connection pool please one
today okay yeah it wasn't loaded Alton
talk a little bit more okay but at least
on the banned women abuse from okay he's
eating and reading okay good so I didn't
think it was anything too concerning but
yeah I can't do anything about swelling
so as well as that medication yeah yeah
it smelling it's a good that you know
I'll get that bad I mean injection I
first thank you look he's all six down
yeah he's some warm and it's kind of
really chilly out here
so like fishing on going him
he's warm and this is just a shot of
Banamine yeah it's just the painkiller
and anti-inflammatory whoo fly boy my
god good boy oh boy
sometimes horses being on on this
medicine I'm going to talk to Tessa and
see what she says but I may pick up some
aloe vera juice aloe vera juice helps
the horses you just put it over there
feed it helps the horse's stomach when
they're on these medicines keeps them
from like getting ulcers and stuff like
that so I may start some aloe vera juice
while he's on this medicine as well just
to help prevent any further problems
come here here come to me yeah yeah good
boy Oh
diaper change we can't film that so as
you obviously it's morning the next day
yesterday was kind of like a crazy day
off camera yeah some definite
consideration needs to be made for for
this coming year it's a lot of weirdness
happened yesterday that you won't know
about until I decided to tell you and
yes I'm going to leave you hanging on
that until it's the right time to tell
you I'm about to go get my hair cut and
we're going to do a really cool
experiment with the boys tomorrow or in
tomorrow's video I'm gonna teach them
something really cool I think you guys
might like it so that's where we're
going to enter a blog today guys I want
to say thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here as always
tomorrow
