hi tonight everybody on the blog
miss Liza has a two-year checkup today
I'm fun parking so we can go in and get
her three-year checkup all right miss
Liza she already had her checkup so I
can't really you know I'll uh put the
doctor on camera anything like that but
she's doing great
on track with everything she did have to
have one vaccine today and she just got
a sucker for that and she was enjoying
it
she yeah and showing me sucker who
colors that sucker oh it's red Wow she
had one vaccine she did not shed one
tear she's a brave mama and she got a
book you got a new book you read your
book we did we already did read your
book and then she tried to read the book
come on yeah no we moved it every year
yay you baby thank you ready oh yes
we're gonna go
I mean what are you doing here oh that's
quite mom mommy she was going back on
elevator so this may detect from a
scatterbrain way with an empty gas tank
so one of my wallet later so I left in a
rush this morning to get her here for a
doctor's appointment and ya realize I
didn't have my wallet and the Jeep is
out of gas I made it here and hopefully
I can make it
thank the shower on like oh I'm in the
mood it's alright I'm hoping that I can
make it to the gas station it's
something I can't believe you're making
nachos after the last microwave fence
day but thankfully your big brother's
there to help you what are you doing
monkey wait and drop it okay okay well
no way I said make me drop the point
yeah yeah I got you I got you I got you
okay yeah begin your I'd be careful
couldn't ah okay look at his dog that's
how I co stay so skinny look at her she
just literally run in circle went for it
Walker music Shizuka Shu yeah you know
like dude come on slow down this isn't
fun like what oh my gosh I got you
okay okay so we're all I'm not going to
get to cook through one and two
thrusting because I just walked in here
to get my GoPro and I am not joking
not even stretch the imagination just
saw I'm pretty sure the freakin rat in
here over there I have to leave this
door open or L to get some wicked hot in
here you guys there's a freakin rat I'm
not even joking there's the freakin rat
over here I'm about to wake up thank you
thank you all right
there's a rat in my gear right now we
can't have that
oh no we can't have that all right now
what we're going to do and get some hail
and try and catch it and this pail just
put this
the winged out right out it oh my god
that's a freaking rhyme I often okay
okay okay okay
okay I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
buddy oh god oh god this is a great date
she's grating oh my gosh
no get out there
no no no aah where'd he go
where to go pretty yeah
holy are you Oh God
all right it there is Harriet
Harriet
oh yeah climb up there buddy up there
buddy you cannot register
this is the first time I've ever seen a
rat on our property no joke no joke
here's tooth there you go there you go
okay come on come on oh my god oh my god
oh whoa whoa get up huh that is this
copy Oh
Heelys I don't anymore whoa whoa okay
okay we can go now
would you go round to the plug-in of it
it's what I don't uh get my GoPro and
stuff and to lock the door with dr. Carr
I do have the GP you're not going to
believe what just happened
you're not gonna believe it I caught a
rat in here a big one I can prove it
yeah it was a rat a big one with it
swear on my life on everything holy I'm
literally out of breath right now
because I just got done cheeping around
trying to catch it to get out thank you
I feel instantly embarrassed
my reaction after watching the clip back
now and don't judge me
don't judge me I I'm gonna bring afraid
of rat I don't like rats I've seen right
yeah but I don't I don't like that not
like that thing I've actually held or at
before but when you catch a rat in the
wild you don't know if it's got rabies
great
I have no idea where I know that
building all the way around I have no
idea where that rat would have got it
honey you're not going to believe this
wild look I walked by the frozen aisle
and they had bees and they were taste
testing them and I picked one up and
spin into this hot delicious and so I
caught it there god this is not paid or
anything like that hurt old Margo and a
lady in there was like we need more dad
like you
right your eyes are Samba no they're
like with some reason you cashier here
tonight yeah and we were like oh yeah we
thought it was like that kind of good
news you know you know the good news
would your friends tell you about took
then they're like nothing I didn't mean
it Scott you're never gonna believe this
tell me it's a scary story I grew up to
the office to get my bag come over here
and all of the sudden how do nowhere
comes a big giant rat I swear it is it
was the biggest rat bigger
Oh village Oh killing and we're you
wasn't alive it was alive did it run it
ran did it jump jumped we're in the
armory like wow wow those good those
really good dramatic good story you
might you might find me weird but I'm
sitting over here looking at this sewing
machine getting pretty excited over him
cuz this thing is old look at this
sewing machine right this is a singer
and you guys probably know maybe some of
you do don't know but singer is like the
authority of sewing machines right this
thing Scott says is I was looking at
these pictures and like look at this old
picture that's Lindy's grandma
that's Lindsey's grandma's mom right and
this was her sewing machine look at that
thing like that's an old photo so like
oh dude what how old is this thing we
found the instruction book in this
drawer comes from 1901 this is like
cast-iron right this is how they used to
do it back in the day you'd have to put
your foot on this thing there's no cores
you don't plug this thing in forget it
if you just pump it with your foot and
that's how it works
well old school snow machines wail it
wasn't this dirty last time I picked it
up three heavy of course Oh
very hot
look this has probably been on here for
30 to 40 years and Rome look at the
heaven you see stuff like that no more
man
imagine how many things were set with
the timing garments were created with
this machine I definitely need a little
bit custom-made on TLC but the inlays
viewed the the craftsmanship all these
metal parts all metal all of it
that's why here's my books right here
look at this this really I don't want to
break it or anything that looks like
that looks like the older the
Declaration of Independence look at that
thing looks like it's all I'm not even
gonna pull it out that can just be there
like national treasure stuff you got
some cool stuff just sitting in your
living room no stuff look at that
sleeping on it
she'll be passed out and I'll bet you
five minutes you cancel a surprise too
quick on to mine you guys ready for
school one because your bus is here
okay all right have a good day of school
I love you be good okay I got my coffee
morning my name
the worst thing about having a sexy
writer the Mac it was all like hey are
you doing like tearing off your back oh
my hands are cold
I feel very tender like it's actually
it's I feel better I can put like the
tank top on this morning without like
pain but tender I'm going to get my hair
done so I can get it up and then put my
stuff on but like shirt on Branka this
is what we do in the morning
the rooms up I remember walk on it uh
just about eight o'clock I got to wake
up Eliza because she's going to the
sitter today what here you get a lies
off and get her some breakfast here oh
well my friends I think that's about all
the time we've got for you on this video
I'm going to sit down and enjoy a
delicious crumb doughnut with my little
painting light up so that my friends is
where we will leave you for today once
they thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
