okay guys so it's a license birthday
party today we're super excited I'm here
getting some balloons and stuff and I
came up with a really cool like super
cool idea for some balloons just wait to
check this out we just fill the balloon
game watch birthday for a guy go big
all right this is the balloon in my
balloon assortment hmm gosh oh my gosh
look I got this too
oh my gosh look at me here look at your
balloons Liza
oh he's only got air in her happy
birthday Lisey happy birthday everybody
showing off and now what okay so the
birthday party has officially begun
and there are too many people in here to
move we're turning you down everyone how
you're feeling how are you feeling today
I'm fine but would you get a tattoo
piece like that not on your bag
to the champion it's done good what do
you think of her tattoo dreamer you
think I heard that dude I think it is
not painful but it's pretty it is pretty
yeah
mama you're breaking the rules you can't
just give it a present or even walking
don't tell me I can't all right I won't
you don't have to take that 7:40 Karla
going as I see that I know goes with her
princess balloon I got her she doesn't
know what to think
what is it Liza Oh baby take a bath with
whoa a bath baby yeah guys run for your
houses how many people we've done here I
know right at least you can see we're
surrounded literally around a play by
the best b-boy we know right now there's
mother and with Easter there Scotty
look there's Maddy or watch TV
when I personally mentor outfit your mom
take food what's that hallo everyone a
kiss ah say I love you you want that you
princess oh you little princess my
fashion with the work around look look
and bring me showed up you want me open
that new okay I got it
you want me let me open that overnight
here oh good yeah I keep throwing gift
for a coconut
what you do Roman wasn't there and Eliza
happy birthday happy birthday you
haven't lost you tonight you literally
brought a lobster hood to your old
birthday no is that big I love it leave
a song so wrong an idea the guy who
brings the mouse interesting it wasn't
genuinely trying to get her a good yeah
it was a choice between this and what
but don't we have real gifts to this
real good oh yeah yeah yeah charity open
all the other stuff oh wow yeah look how
awesome is it like a work of art
creature that is you've got a lot of
different cracks and crevices nd I mean
here in the fourth oh now that I've had
some food I can show you what we decided
to have this
laughs and food the party sure what
we're having in the food department back
in little baby parties we have mac and
cheese come on the circuit here's
screwed another kind of just of shredded
chicken all that shuttle chicken is
actually very good in the water right
there we're really doing this we have
two rums actually cook the lobster you
can't let him go to wait he's made for
eating
yeah for sure I personally really enjoy
lobster I love it I know you do it was
really good for you know I'm actually
learning how to go lobster right now I'm
listening to a video the only thing we
don't have is this well butter did
oh yeah I'm sure it's time for cake and
ice cream
we haven't even written on this cake kit
do you plan on doing that right an hour
I think you should
aren't I room alright princess it's your
second birthday here we go happy
birthday
we're out we just got a complement of
around I'm over here doing the ice-cream
part you don't want cake oh okay follow
the sort of law Lisey Lisey was that
good
are you done we're done all right hold
on I'll get it for you just know I got
mine smash the Sun bush and there's like
oh I can really do that look like Gotham
hmm this is super noisy Thanks you know
I even sit in the store lies will be
happy in case love blossoms ha ha Cheers
oh whoa my gram oh no not might either
can try everyone loves you
we're so glad you made it yeah obviously
McCants all 11 grand ball
coming years in your years here is all I
did you have to bet they ever had more
people show up for her birthday and then
daughter had very modest where's all
your toys Liza pick him up
he took a little time for everyone fully
laughing to Princeton sometimes everyone
look at her shoes over there reading
book what an awesome birthday party
often day just so cool seeing her so
happy right like she was like she was in
such like wide-eyed wonderment to see
everybody here at her party just to hang
out with her yeah big convention books
to her once and then she's gone through
she's not reading all the words she
knows she's reading on animals peekaboo
rabbit moo cow she same thing things
that brown bear okay yeah she likes for
brown bear books yeah she's just so cute
I'm so happy I'm like so black for such
an awesome little baby girl right there
a whole awesome family like I feel like
my honey I just love you know what's
what we made together we went through
some pretty serious cleaning the past
couple days to prepare for this party I
got to give a massive shout out to
Lindsay because Lindsay helped Veronica
she should do that for a living like
female on those TV shows where I think
it's like hoarders or something or they
come in and they'll they'll help you
figure out what needs to say what needs
to go and all this stuff man Lindsay
came through here she was like you don't
need this you don't need this you don't
need this
and we needed that like we really did we
we kind of I don't mean not so much but
Veronica tend to hold on to stuff she's
not in here she walks about breath she
shout out to you Lindsay for helping us
get everything like Elijah's rooms clean
our bedroom is spotless this room was
clean but we had a birthday party so now
we go to clean up again and get ready
for the kids hit Sunday night man
kids got to go back to school bedtime in
15 minutes come here come here lies in
yours tuck in the bullet what movie do
oh yeah purple lotion on it serious
serious back piece I know a lot of
people were like what are these straight
line there's a part of the design it's
not like not like she got accidentally
reamed by the gone but that's what they
consider a watercolor tattoo huh
anything like that an angel here that's
for you you see that big star in the
middle that's why they're right there
what about cameras to get these kids in
bed and call it a night
maybe lies ahead such an awesome
birthday with so many cool people all of
our friends and family were here and we
couldn't have asked someone so Vermeer's
the Gilroy House you guys I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see each and every one of
you right back here Wow
