welcome to a new day guys I just made
some really burnt sausage and bacon but
I'm sure it's gonna be good we missed
you guys
we'll talk more about that after we
didn't breakfast okay breakfast is over
in the super delicious
what will I burned some things like who
doesn't like crispy bacon it's kind of
recap past couple days Thursday we had
the showing for grandpa Bob and you know
the very sad no one likes to say goodbye
and it's really difficult it was
important to do that because he's such
an incredible man and it was my honor
and pleasure to have known him Thursday
we had the showing Friday
yesterday was the funeral service which
is also very beautiful music and and the
kindness words you'd ever hear people
say about somebody and a lot of Tears it
just really touched the procrastination
part of me which a lot of us know so
well I'm I'm procrastinate here and I
and I've done that my whole life and I
think through this it kind of taught me
that I need to I need to get out there
and you could do more so yeah we handled
everything that we needed to do the past
couple days this has been a very sad but
meaningful time for us and we're back
Veronica got a gift certificate for a
tattoo shop she scheduled a appointment
to get a new tattoo today one to finish
up baby Eliza for what she has going on
on her shoulder so Veronica's about to
being a little bit of pain yep
right guys I'm going today to get some
tattoos therapy I'm going with cases
parents and Shana then we got this guy
here now laughs hey guys over here
goes well within ginger let me hear at
last City tattoo do any they undergo
keep getting my one through up while you
looked at the tattoos on my back and was
like so I'm going to go those mean like
touch stop on our tour suppose I come on
in and it'll love on there and I look
bad since they're older tattoos so if
you get something drawn up for me hope
you're just going to kind of redo the
whole thing
and make it one big piece blue hi Giggy
here take the mail and custom me I'm
going to have finger take over someone
from filming on business play when the
new tech is it's done it will not be
nice and especially other than already
wood so they have spinach now touching
up the other the two old tattoos all
that heater feels very common long ago
Oh Gillian here comes but yeah so you
feel mind everything backed up with the
new tattoo and then it's a fresh one
done let's go
meanwhile Dallas soccer
can talk right now come on mama nerd
from life Oh
Oh
I never cried yet but I might start
crying all right guys I know those a lot
to spit through but I'm still alive
thank you and I'm better now but in the
moment it's bad it was bad but they got
me all and got some put saran wrap taped
up trying to keep it from getting all
over me at home it's Prada
so yeah sander what are you getting from
applause she's getting dragonfly like a
watercolor dragonfly
looking cool else is like I'm on my ears
here let's see it
can't just stop on one part damage bring
your body on st. gotta keep going engage
tunnel wall oh look how big that Nina
where she's pretty good thought don't
take a chunk out of your ear and I'd be
ready to catch their money falls back Oh
a lot of relocating nothing both years
right now yeah right he totally just
said I think I might just get the one
done today
hey at least I didn't cry was you I did
not cry I did not cry I did not shed one
single theorise yelled a lot towards the
end my back got penetrated what are you
talking about just on subject they had
to stop Dallas is gonna pass out look I
gotta get some plugs in these baby Wow
there's show me tattoos yesterday
sparrows very near Wow
yes gee thanks take care thank you Chris
bye-bye you soon
sighing - what's your name handsome
Jordan Jordan these guys here glasses
heavy rock honey you got tortured today
like and slow there we go I think it's a
the lines make more sense now they're
like you get blue in there - I had my
factor therapy I'll bet you did it looks
bad it looks like you got hit on with
action
- okay so okay so that's awesome
all right back home cotton Lindsay's
here we're getting ready for that little
princesses party Liza are you ready for
your party tomorrow oh yeah she has her
birthday party tomorrow
various wedding was about to be two
years old so Scott not are getting ready
to go gather some things to get ready
for this party and we're like just not
getting ready for this party in a crazy
week and more should be no different
what do you think how many gallons
5-gallon look at that old tank oh my
gosh so it's super cold in the garage
and smells like you just use that
kerosene heater you got we have a
kerosene heater that we've had for ever
it's been forever and Scott uses one to
heat his drugs it could heat the whole
thing so for the first time in a long
time we're about to bust some kerosene
and fire up this old kerosene heater
this is stop smell and the leaking so
you get it home costly put the plastic
on over the opium and here's a cap on
all I'm smart oh oh dude oh dude winters
back bro
we've been so spoiled it's been quite
warm lately like 50 and now it's like
totally
Oh Hector has a camera inside and we
just started this and I just I've never
really seen these before
gobby having one and I just think it's
really cool so I had to share with you
guys and basically this kerosene tank
this thing's super old by the way look
it's all rusty
well do you feel this kerosene tank
upright and drop it in this chamber
filled up down here when you pull this
thing up there's like that just going to
get hot that's right hot right ok so
there's like a wick underneath here
burning all the way up this like metal
cage and that's what gets red hot and
you put this crate on it right which is
super dusty and cobwebby my totally my
bad but oh yeah and this evening it's
hot here and the reason we have to have
it nice and hot I hear is because we're
going to clean this fall it's been like
unused since it started to get cold and
Eliza's birthday party tomorrow so we
need some extra space and I got these
two gentlemen Oh dad you guys are
lifesavers oh oh watch security neither
is cold but okay we're gonna let that
percolate we're let that percolate and
get warm out there because it's freezing
oh sorry Veronica's got to go to Kroger
we're like 100 miles per hour right now
yeah let's go get it yeah poor thing
Gary good job boys you're gonna go to
bed soon because when was your birthday
do you know what you do on your birthday
you blow out the candle
what song do anything on birthday oh you
don't have to do this thing in tomorrow
ok we'll do it to you he looked at peace
here it's free
oh hey I came out to the office because
I want to do a little bit of work as I
said in the past the video or so
last week at some point I'm studying
after that and we've got all the stuff
down that we need to get done for
alleged party which is really cool
think about it for a second you guys
have seen the birth of our baby and then
shoot three two like so very excited a
lot of the second birthday tomorrow and
I'm going to take a couple of my After
Effects classes right now
and keep that learn on edit this video
and wake up fresh and sunny for baby
lines perfect tomorrow
I'm super excited hope you guys are two
thumbs up today's video if you are super
proud of Veronica for it during so much
pain that tattoo means a lot to her and
it turned out really good stuff that my
friends where we leave for today thanks
so much for watching sure did miss kit
we can't wait to see you right back here
