daddy he won't steal it
oh no no we got it's about over get she
wanted some cereal for breakfast not
like that are you having a good morning
big girl I think that yeah you just wake
up
we're just looking our shirt I picked it
special love who you are I'm going to
make what I've been making every morning
which is a smoothie nice to start the
day with some good nutrients to fill
your body and I've actually been you
know trying to work into more protein
I'm using that frozen blend of kale
cherries strawberries and blueberries
we've always got amazing antioxidant as
always your good stuff cheers good okay
so that's all the fruit I'm putting in
my smoothie that's like half the
smoothie big scoop of protein right OOP
I put in almond milk and this is the 90
calorie almond oh so there's lots and
lots of calories in there a big spoonful
of peanut butter and there we go that's
how we start the day the Gilroy way now
don't get me wrong I'm still making
coffee and all that but I feel like
adding this gives me a jumpstart I'm
trying to get the daily intake of
nutrients that I should be having yeah
we all pretty much oh gosh not only is
it chilly a folder such a neat but it's
delicious
what Liza likes it too but I don't
usually give her the protein powder here
good that's yours
your very own smoothie and there's no
kale in there at all
okay so me and eyes are going to enjoy
our communities and just look at this
it's such a crappy day outside it's
fitting for I guess what's kind of been
happening well if you're new to the
channel or if you've missed
last couple vlog we you know
unfortunately have experienced a death
in the family from because grandpa
passed away and we do have a show I in a
funeral coming this week Thursday and
Friday so kind of preparing ourselves
for that I sent bronica to get her hair
done well yeah right it's just a really
sad time right now we're very positive
and optimistic people so you know we're
just trying to focus on the good and
celebrate I guess so yeah excuse me it
up okay baby Eliza's down for a nap the
kids will be home from school in a
little bit which leaves me just enough
time to kind of cozy out on this very
chill and dreary day and watch our nice
movie and today I've chosen the
Magnificent Seven partly because today's
video is sponsored by the Magnificent
Seven some big shout out to those guys
and thank you so much and let that not
diminish my following quotations about
the movie because those are my true and
honest opinion but I have not yet
watched the movie so let me give this a
watch I'm going to give you my opinion
about this movie the actors the style of
shooting and all that stuff I'm actually
pretty excited because I'm kind of a big
fan of old-school westerns
alright so here we go home whoa okay so
if you guys don't like get into a
western and stuff like that then you
probably aren't going to like this movie
but when it comes to old style westerns
out west cowboys Indians the whole
desert scene Old Town's with dude it's
awesome
it actually was really really good now
Denzel Washington plays Sam Chisholm who
is like the lead character in this movie
and I'm not going to spoil anything but
basically there's a heavy conflict
you've got your main villain which is
like this Baron who controls all these
different lands and they come in and try
and take over people towns and so Denzel
Washington is high
to get revenge and they assemble a team
of all these people chris pratt included
and chris pratt's performance in this
movie is awesome
I don't know Antoine Fuqua definitely
did a good job of remaking this movie if
you didn't know this is a remake to a
1960s movie and it's actually very very
well done the cinematography in this
movie I'm a big fan of always watching
out for like how they create certain
shots and stuff and they captured the
scenery of the Wild West so so well and
it always blows my mind like when they
do these really cool shots that like pan
way way up into the sky you wonder is
that a crane is that a drone because
drone technology is way up there I love
how they integrate new film technologies
with an old storyline and an old like
old-time movie it just is really really
good I just really like western movies
you don't see a lot of them nowadays and
my grandparents actually got me hooked
on westerns when I was a kid too so yeah
you definitely need to check out the
movie it's worth a watch it is available
on DVD and blu-ray you can also check it
out digitally on the iTunes and Amazon
sword I'll leave a link in the
description to give you guys that
shortcut and again huge thanks to
Magnificent Seven for sponsoring today's
video okay guys look Veronica's home is
a big reveal honey and Viki this is a
dramatic change the hair look what's get
her under the perfect light you guys
can't see yet she does not look the same
should we show him mommy's hair okay
what do you think yeah we gonna do it
okay yeah I'm so nervous for you I hope
they like it because I love it I think
it's really awesome okay here we go
it looks awesome you look like a you
look like a super mole ha ha ha no you
look beautiful
I like the curls and the waviness let's
do some weight today I'm not sure ok
friends so I feel like it's been a
couple days since we've actually posted
a straight up vlog and I want to show
you I've kind of been working on and
that is the progress over here in a
corner what you see I've done with this
I installed our soundproof foam right
and I greatly underestimated the amount
of foam that I would need so I'm going
to definitely expand this and I don't
want it to be so straight cutting that
you know I kind of wanted to go up
another level and then maybe like step
down on the edges just so I have like
this really cool corner that a we can do
vocals in and be it would kind of be
really cool to shoot some like videos
with that at the background I think that
looks really really cool oh yeah so
we've got this cable comes out in the
back of the desk with the ethernet on
the power cord and it's quite long
enough for me to actually pivot the desk
to where I need it to and because for
music we have the desk up this way so we
can we'll be able to sing into the
corner and get rid of some of the echo
and then for livestreams i'll pivot the
desk over this way so that behind me the
webcam picks up the blue and I can do my
cool keyed out blue screen overlay check
this out we've got taco shells
we've got season shipping we got right
refried beans we've got beef 40 lashes
and this is to rule con queso oh I'll
help you I can get that I'm really
struggling you know I got
oh okay and then we've got the salsa
sour cream and lettuce and chasm and
those tomatoes used we're about to feast
okay we eat and then we jam with ya
right now helman all right we got the
area
but yeah it sounded really really good
I'll put a little bit of the actual
sound in right after we say bye Chad
Chad with you Monday
yes and you're less I'm years and diddly
yeah I'm gonna let them hear a little
bit of it right about not all of it but
gonna happen Mike right right now right
it'll be good ready to be good let my
heart out
do
this is where the hold on me is I get
all right but I feel I'm dying and this
is where the hold on me inside it's all
right where that I still on fine I
didn't wanna tell you so many late
oh yeah you guys see you Monday good job
this job it's late about time to get
some sleep and I just kind of want to
say you know thank you guys thank you
for your understanding thank you for
your prayers your thoughts and
everything it's a really tough time for
us lately and it's nice to know that you
have the support of your community so so
we really do appreciate each and every
one of you now tomorrow and Friday we
will have the showing Thursday and then
the funeral on Friday so I'm not sure if
you can expect an upload for Friday or
Saturday depending on you know how
everyone's doing so just so you're aware
but if it is fitting and appropriate
then I will create some content for you
guys not because I feel like I have to
but I just feel like I want to document
this period it's a it's just I think it
would be nice for us to look back at
this moment at some capacity rather than
then it just be a black hole so that my
friends is ready before today thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here there
