it's like an official photo shoot
getting a photo shoot let's see what
happens when you push the button whoa
so scary dude wait reach the face I
gotta see your face I'm scared oh cool
bro I thought your ribcage was lighting
up or something cuz we bout to do
tonight treaty it's that time already I
came a believe will get baskets that's
gonna be easy back in the day when I was
a young young lad
we went trick-or-treating you would take
around pillowcases yeah you would your
pillowcase would be your basket you
could totally do that what would be
funny if you kept the candy in your
pillowcase did you slip on it yeah and
you and you ate the candy at night oh my
god you have like so many cavities so
what is happening guys I know it's been
a couple days I apologize for the the
gap and the videos and stuff like that
but we've just been busy taking care of
some things and and to be honest like in
the midst of a transition but more on
that more on that later boys are home
from school it is time for us to go
trick-or-treating
we're gonna go yours yeah your skeleton
skeleton is here we're just gonna go
have some fun dude wait he see little
Liza's costume is so speaking up Eliza
she's been taking a nap let's see if
she's up
ah sweet the courrier
do you Rico trick-or-treat you can be
Elsa
oh yeah it's time jump up and down jump
up and down and get excited three pixels
spine three pixels yeah look at three
pixels five oh you ready go trick or
treat big girl okay let's get dressed
whoa Wisie okay now to be fair it's not
completely this isn't exactly her outfit
she needs like a white shirt or
something and we gotta we gotta bundle
up because soon be chilly out there you
gotta find your mask and Eliza is Elsa
show me a twirl girl she's been dying
literally begging me to wear that all
day
she got paint on it because she's
already worn at once and they painted
pumpkins
she got black paint all over the front
of it I was able to get it off yeah I
came through all right you guys ready
everyone got their stuff everyone's
ready to go no we didn't okay we got it
all
dad tip baby girls have costumes that
typically have lots and lots Liza
keep control your glitter okay good
answer
look at how awesome
all these fall colors are it's it's
changed so much and like a week this
corn is like dry and ready to be
harvested all these tractors are out
doing their thing put all these leaves
everything is orange and yellow and just
looks like oh man
although I hate the cool temperatures it
is really cool to be able to see that
changing its season anyways want to
trigger tree you guys okay we got to
stop we got two falls on the whole
trick-or-treat thing right now because
well puppies look at this so hold up
first of all Dallas we got a golden no
no we got a German Shepherd that bred
with an Australian Shepherd super-weird
yeah Oh bean is oh look there's puppies
Eliza wants one but I had to tell her no
no no no an interesting species
combination they're Australian Shepherd
and the German Shepherd either way
puppies are cute no matter what look at
them all just followed up there Liza
look pretty you ready
there's a horse in the house what's he
doing he's joking that was my grandma on
the phone she wants me to come help her
down no I'm a good grandson I gotta go
up and help them down but I got to do it
with my mask oh do you scared room okay
it's just a horse
oh we love you kids oh we got Superman
here we got an OD st soldier from halo
of course Eliza is in an Elsa costume
look at all these kids man everybody's
ready to go
trick-or-treat I think only last for
like two hours these kids do not last
that long you been gonna go make a lap
come back enjoy something like you know
a quick retreat montage
see the car you got a sucker girl
say thank you
look who's being carried they like they
lost it pretty good I'd say they must
have be good
you see that man she got so scared from
one of these masks oh my gosh they're
all pretty much burn out already didn't
even fill up a pillowcase yet David you
see that teddy bear completely different
reaction to the other costume that's a
good one you see the bear look over
there stood a gorilla
we'll give him five to
all right let's go give him five since
she's like she's pretty hesitant about
it but yeah
he's done walking why's that did you get
enough candy
are you done trick-or-treat you guys
alright do you guys want to keep going
alright love you bye love ya do you got
all the candy you need have you been
lighting up your chest to people or what
where's the button oh nice so did you
get enough candy I'll thank even a
handful of candy is enough candy that's
pretty good it's not bad they didn't
last that much longer then Eliza did
we're just kind of I expected that let's
go get warmed up with some hot coconuts
a pizza yeah let's go let's go yeah mom
coming in clutch with that pizza you
can't keep massive amounts of dogs out
here its Kenya you love dogs as much as
I love pizza gotta have a little bit of
food before you fill yourself with candy
kids make sure when you go
trick-or-treating you gotta check that
stuff man we've always been told where
kids go trick-or-treating
make sure you check the candy you know
and rappers anything that looks like
this closer into sort the bags your
candies we got to make sure that is good
so out of like say 150 pieces the kids
may come out with only 12 cuz it was all
bad can oh look at all that alright so
let me tell you this one looks like it's
open dude that's probably the ones
probably bad that one - that one's
probably bad this one this one's
probably bad this one that one's no good
you don't want that and this one's
probably bad that one's definitely not
good looks like most of these right here
are probably not good either you get
sick with Snickers dude Snickers right
Oh Snickers is everything let me know in
the comments what's your favorite piece
of candy to get I'll have to say I don't
think this is exactly what but these
little like tootsie roll the flavor
tootsie rolls those ones are so good my
favourite is the orange flavoured
tootsie roll of course I like the
chocolate and stuff like that but try
not to eat too much of that what's your
favorite piece of candy bubblegum
absolutely yeah
favorite piece you ever get in your
candy Snickers Oh Liza did you have fun
trick-or-treating
yes I did she's on top of the table
they never stop
combines pulling corn out of the field
are you getting ready for bed punky are
you gonna wear a headband to bed did you
have fun being Elsa today that was
really cute I'm a little dumb sucker
sucker sucker oh my god some some sand
there you go
sucker okay you can say it sucker no
Luka mommy some sucker oh boy Liza
you're so cute we'll work on the
development of those two words together
Liza I'm gonna say good night to the
blog oh so that's pretty much the end of
today's video guys we just had a fun day
trick-or-treat man it's that time of
year hope you guys are having a happy
Halloween season get out there get
scared go visit your haunted attractions
do your trick-or-treating and have fun
and be safe
gonna call it a night and get the kids
ready for bed and just probably go to
sleep myself because we gotta wake up in
the morning go to the gym Veronica's got
a good chaperone up frickin zoo field
trip tomorrow
I mean it's so fun I'll bet gonna be a
zoo she's actually in charge of a small
group of kids at the zoo and I've just
bet they're gonna have the best time
ever all right my friends that is all
we're gonna leave you there for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
you
