okay so guys welcome to today's video I
do apologize it's not going to be a vlog
like normal but we had a science
experiment that I wanted to show the
boys and I didn't want you guys to miss
out on that
have you guys ever opened like a brand
new TV or something what comes inside
that big giant box
other than the TV phantom where'd that
come from
yeah that's right so styrofoam is always
in our packaging and like what do you do
with it
what do you do with Starbucks drink it
lab in the Navy Kenny what happens when
you when you break a bunch of styrofoam
into smaller pieces hey Otis gig right
here your place is covered with all the
tiny little styrofoam ball we have a
bunch of styrofoam we have a giant bulky
really my needs join we have impure
acetone so acetone guys is the main
ingredient in things like fingernail
polish remover air and you can you also
use acetone as a salt meant to live if
you mess up painting accent take the
pain away
it also dissolves some sticky substances
so that you can clean that type stuff up
but acetone also has a pretty unique
effect on styrofoam
you guys ready Chuck it out yay okay
let's do it right now guys please use
your parents supervision that you're
going to do something like this because
if this can be dangerous and you want to
make sure you don't get this stuff in
your eyes oh very very careful I came to
get it for still
and there we go
okay we're going to fill this bucket it
looks like a big dick oh yeah that's
gonna eat the finish right off your
table look what happened to the table we
just got a little bit on the table and
tried to clean it up as quick as
possible and look at that
Oh what do you think is going to happen
to the styrofoam when we put it in ass I
think it's going to disintegrate you
think is going to disintegrate
I think it'll hear you think it'll fit
yes and this isn't rape okay okay go
ahead and drop it in with you and
nothing I know working you there just
like let's see what happens how long do
you think it'd take for the abdomen to
dissolve this entire piece I'm sorry I
don't know about like 20 or 30 seconds
20 or 30 dresses okay here we go
so then I'll into it don't you care
thank you
this is my crazy way what cold water see
but this is our acetone stir stick look
at the stuff inside they're still kind
of together
Tina Oh eating it right up okay here we
go
the bubbles whoa that is crazy standard
isn't that wild just like what do you
think is happening here italic
whiteboard basically styrofoam is made
up of polystyrene foam when the
polystyrene dissolves in the acetone the
air the foam is released causing it to
look like you're dissolving this massive
quantity of material into a small volume
of liquid so the acetone is dissolving
the foam and then the air is dissipating
so that's why we see the bubbles in the
water
well isn't science fun yeah I have never
seen that done in real life before and
that was really really cool have you
guys seen it done yeah no well
definitely leave a thumbs up on today's
video guys if you want to see more
experiment style videos from us check
yourself on notifications and leave your
comments down below thank you guys as
always so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
should we tell mommy nano okay
