so my friends welcome to the vlog today
we're about to do something never before
attempted on the vlogs or anytime really
I'm about to attempt the piggy tail I
picked that out for you Eliza you don't
like it oh that hurts that is hard
that's fine we'll find a different shirt
what do we do mom art divine the devil
by the way I already had to tell them
okay first before you sit down you have
to get your breaths and your hair bands
and your thumb inner here it works
better if the hairs a little damp so you
would have been blended up and have
nothing put it up with that one who's
not with a natty what do you think about
daddy doing your hair you holding up for
daddy
just daddy do a good job on your hair
hold it
I mean I guess your first time what do
you think Liza how's it look where you
going to put the brat and let's go get
the bread so we can put it in up here
put this in here just like for one it's
upside down oh let me see you did daddy
do a good job I mean it's not too shabby
okay I'll tell you for first time I'm
putting three tails in it's not too
shabby
what's shabby means okay good mommy you
did it
your mommy fix it please also not even
and there's way too many hairs flying
away well she has little hairs that fly
away regardless okay so I didn't do that
bad I feel actually I could do this if I
had to without Veronica's help it may
look like trash but my I love you she's
so dependent independent I mean that's
what I meant to say independent will be
back love you I guess we didn't really
realize what timing was I think we found
some Owen to bring with us so I got
right here phone in the middle of the
road Carson you we're going to Hobby
Lobby you want to come huh
what does it smell No so weird outside
right now like that like that like that
cat brake smell we will be back in a few
see you then bye now
- this place is inspiring it's inspiring
Eliza don't you see I came here just for
leads actually people you wanna hold it
okay you hold that they a bunch of the
sites that I look that show using these
to pin like those go to six down
twisting panels to the wall something
like this I want to put this on the wall
inspiring words that I can place
throughout the entire room and then
paint these like the Google colors
obviously like the rainbow colors hey we
need them when you do we need those
lighting you need to panic on that's
really cool shelf check that thing out
with the pipe that belongs in the office
right I'm thinking - that I don't care
that's coming what's up we're going to
take these and make our first word and
we need paint here did you like that
ride man she is just I don't know what
it is but all the girl and my girls I
mean old lady just law Eliza in your
cute little pigtails mmm
hey guys we are hanging out we got sunny
in him in the house and look how cute
these guys are there's BD Jackson hi big
guy said knob and baby Liza she's just
loving having a baby over she did have
all the toys playing with them but you
can't pick he can't pick him up
but now she moved all the toys out of
the way so she could get the blankie and
Feliz binky Hey she's like turn your
head there you go
she's like okay I'm going to cover him
up okay tonight all my new homemade he
does funny like how maybe don't do I got
pepperoni and sausage and mushrooms and
banana peppers you like all those copies
sausage and pepperoni
okay so we're waiting on the pieces
they're almost done they got a couple
more minutes and I went downstairs to
get the highchair so mr. Jackson can use
it and I found me this is - class of
2003 who graduated in 2003 I did when I
seen I was like oh I can look through in
chief there's any pictures of my grandpa
in there he's really sick right now so
then we didn't fight almost oh yeah ah
there is my great grandpa Anderson he
died when he was 94 years old but that
there's my grandpa look at him as you
can see he's still got dark hair and
dark eyebrows he was an old granddad hmm
there's my C sir Brittany and my cousin
Jeff that's my dad and Cassie and me
look how much different they look ha ha
sorry Grammy hmm me and my grandma
grandpa my graduation
there is my great-grandpa and all of his
Whateley grandchildren hmm but look at
my uncle in the middle
like them some shorty shorts their uncle
cabbie
I've already yelled us guys that it's
done and they're still doing whatever so
it's not as like I'm too hungry I'm not
waiting I can't wait
but yes nurse finish pizza sunny is it
the most delicious yeah
did you tell them what you were doing to
assistant now oh my gosh okay so imagine
right you're recording right never
laying down like the hottest track of a
summer oh hey flamin hot fire and over
the intercom you can hear this girl
continuously saying seriously thank you
for making dinner I don't mean to sound
ungrateful but put yourself in my
position right we're up purchase the fan
or reply or thought you got a little
chime on the camera yes like clinical
yeah do it earlier hi the second time
because if Chad didn't come and eat them
you might get two right and we left
ourselves exactly 15 minutes for you to
graduate to see me today sir how's it
getting in there and Liza getting in
into the peppers like he's like mom
they're mild banana pepper but she's
probably eating a small handle is that
good you like those pretty good don't
wanna Reese's semi our honey do you know
what a flaming ba hole is well I'm just
trying to let you know that you keep
eating those that's what you're gonna
have is a flaming pothole oh that's cool
all right oh my god cue melting hearts
around the globe oh my
as long as it is striving we will no
longer it's done it happened it's all of
the names these are having anything
about it
the yeah so the inauguration of
President just happened it is current
day I'd say that you know I spent last
night just kind of learning all right
like I said the other day I've been
trying to soak up a lot of like new
skills I guess Carson's home new school
today I didn't go school exactly why
good logic mmm and word it again truck
through again so basically that's going
to be pretty much it for us today
guys the weather starting to break oh it
was raining so hard I thought all men
who've been on a crappy day but the rest
of today should be decent and then
tomorrow 60 degrees and sunny like we're
getting out yet we're doing something so
that my friends is where we're going to
leave you for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching we care to see
you right back here
