today everybody if everyone's having a
fantastic day today I am on my way right
now to take the baby kittens to the vet
they have some goopy eyes they're red
and they look painful I do need to find
homes for them as much as I want to keep
them angel I am afraid would I don't
think she did to eat them but she would
torture them
she already tortures our other two cats
and they're so small still and I just I
need to find them good anyone like
serious is local or want to meet us to
pick up a kitten and welcome it into
their home and love them please leave a
comment in the comment section down
there make sure you double check with
their parents we have had people say I
money and then you know we respond to
them they're like well my parents that I
could
here they are I get cats they're very
sweet you can just see that their eyes
are real tender and you'd be looking so
this signs are like an upper respiratory
something yep going on so and then he
went out to play right there's the
police so I didn't ever giving them
names we named this one sunny she's just
little ray of sunshine
poor puppy eyes in this one we named him
okay because he's got like this big oh
right here on his side and he's just a
cool-looking cat he's got really cool
markings so sunny and Oakley everyone
here at the desert oh they're so cute
they're free
what is this place oh yeah event it's
like he's not kidding it's my kid oh no
maintain the line
cooking the doctor just came in and
checked him out and said unless the time
when they have the eyes draining it is a
sign up upper respiratory infection but
it wasn't enough respiratory infection
yet it was just starting with the
drainage of the eyes the throat and the
long song completely clear so I did
bring them in and time before it got
worse they're each gonna get a shot of
antibiotics to clear that huh
better jump an implant yeah I'm running
your help we've got this stuff and this
eye cream stuff that we need to put on
them I've got a thing
it's 228 at 229 I have this really
important thing well so you're going
you're gonna help me
we do forgave him names - money
who knew Sonny first oh okay come here
turn it on get a little rub oh and now
they're good for another 12 hours I
gotta do this I dropped every 12 hours
he's gonna be able to see me
I guess it was a good try right yeah
hello school good I know I can't scare
you you're a man aren't you off to check
the mail mail mail do the mail checking
dance do the mail checking dance ooh
that's a good mail checking dance you
601 that's us
there's something in there Carson I
don't have my key
did you bring yours are you serious
of course and it's a big box it's bright
for you it's bright just for Carson ooh
Veronica's name yeah do this for mommy
it's not fair either of us okay Thank
You atha good to see you as always I'll
let you carry that he's been working out
so okay Veronica this one came just for
you yep it's time for Veronica's
unboxing it's addressed directly to you
so it must be something wicked awesome
nice big box hurt a pizza chopper
dang okay so that no name no note
ordered by Casey :
Casey Colin Casey : thanks Casey go to
use plenty of times I wish I have it
about an hour ago I know right cuz oh
it's all gone where are you going her
earlier she was over here playing like
I'm flora and then she did the whole
like weird face cuz she obviously peed
and there was a little bit of pee here
and then you could see there at peak
covering the great she peed in the gray
Carson she peed in our air conditioning
system who does that hey them leg
muscles
they're getting a lot of beer VISAA look
at Liza well I saw you helping daddy
good job Liza your carry and daddy and
Bobby get him dude I'm preoccupied Zack
just showed up and hasn't been here in a
while
I'm still no mo a live stream and Kayla
bus is about to run some Katie money
right now because uh-huh shout out to
DeRozan with that forty dollar donation
Zach it's about time you showed up
dang like he knew he was there the whole
time
okay it's 6:40 p.m. we are still
currently live streaming this is the
very last seconds of alleged room you
guys you guys ready go ahead and hit
your chest I don't I want everyone to
have an opportunity to say like
something in the stream to put in the
vlog because everyone always says but in
the vlog so everyone is posting a quick
message right now for you guys to check
out so check out on the twitch fam more
again much love to you and that's Norman
kala fresh pea super awesome all these
people every one of them super awesome
and that's about and that's about all we
go to that you guys thank you so much
for watching the live stream tell me yes
or no yeah okay no there's nothing wrong
there all right so Caleb picked himself
up flippin acoustic guitar this is a
Fender acoustic which right you made a
solid choice okay fender acoustic that's
that's nice you it's gonna sound nice
look at the action is super low on a
thing huh
so basically later on this evening
Caleb's looking to learn some things
about a new guitar are you excited to
learn a guitar no Carson actually wants
to learn guitar too so I might just hey
I just became a guitar teacher also
lessons for free yeah for sure
Liza what's on your head those are clean
by the way that's the wrong end under
where it's supposed to go on your but
this sums up how potty training is going
pretty much every every guitarists worst
fear when tuning guitar is not having
backup strings and tuning your strings
so tight then it breaks and what did you
just do mr. Keefe broke it string yeah
so the D string which is the first of
the unwrapped strings of the I guess you
call these double wrapped I don't know
exactly what they call but there's three
rigid strings and there's three smooth
strings the first of the smooth strings
Caleb broke it's not smooth anymore dude
it happens all right okay so we came out
here to try and like mock-up these
panels to see what they look like okay
to see me okay so we're just trying to
make these panels like look like they're
going to look I want to do the whole
corner so from the corner out this way
and from the corner out this way for I
don't know how far exactly I want it to
go up at least one more so that's one
two three four five feet and then we've
got some blue ones
so like this blue tile will accent
there's only six of them so I figured
three blue accents per side so it'll be
all the charcoal and then three blue
accents here boom here boom here boom
and the same on that side just to break
up the
char coolness what the thing is like
these these are what they sent or
suggested to put them up with these like
poster strips command strips they don't
work very well they don't work very well
at all so I might have to use those t
pins that they they're almost like tacks
basically they care if it looks great
the function of this stuff is awesome
because if you get close to it you can
hear how it absorbs sounds amazing when
this is absorbing the sound so it's
gonna work out perfectly we actually
decided to add a second day this week to
our music production so Chad will be
coming over again tomorrow some of you
are in the live stream tonight mentioned
that it may be cool to like maybe hop in
a live stream while we're recording so
maybe tomorrow I'll hop on like some
sort of live stream probably on you now
if you don't follow me on you now
that's where I do my like in real life
live streaming follow me on you now it's
a Gilroy vlogs just like everything else
and yeah I think that's pretty much
where I'm gonna leave you guys Daiki
wanna say thank you so much for watching
I love you guys so much I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
