oh good afternoon people we have some
boxes you will see what's in there
yeah Carsten look at me what happened to
your mouth
I kept at school a cupcake did that to
you
yeah tell me what his name I'll whooping
mr. cupcake man
Harvard you watching a box
what could it possibly be the same with
that reveal what is it no well is it
heavy I hope these are thinking up and
we'll find out why not timbre what these
are soundproof countries right now we're
going to put on the wall what does that
do helps with acoustics you know I'm
recording like odd casts and stuff like
that and recording music this stuff on
the wall will help to keep the
reverberations and the acoustics in line
wow you're shaky Carson ha that's
something nothing like a nice little
project we'll get into probably later
this evening if not tonight
chad is actually on his way and it's
music night so of course colin has drawn
practice and me and Chad we do the
studio recording laying tracks down
stuff like that on Tuesdays yes
oh it's on fire oh well that's one way
to get rid of the cardboard a Chad okay
you know yeah no you're doing great
ooh does it not feel it feels like
spring run look I made a snapchat
earlier this morning I was like look
this is the only fun we're going to get
you there
oh whoa that's cool see that where did
that come from that's not the Sun that's
the Sun that's called a sunspot yeah and
usually when there's one on that side of
the Sun there's also one on the complete
opposite side but I don't see it
Hey hey guys hey hey ah hey you gotta
get down from there
you're showing your sister a bad example
mama yeah and please don't land on top
of her that'd be great yeah that'd be
good and if you can go ahead and come in
on Saturday that'd be great - yeah
what are you doing math are you trying
to get in the cart I think you're just a
little too big to be in there for your
baby doll oh yeah there's a good video
over there
there you go put your baby dolls in
there there you go now you can go
grocery shopping with your babies look
there's all kinds of food I am cooking
dinner and colin is helping me
outside
the front lawn yes you can put that on
hi Nicholas
is mrs. e well wait a second wait a
second we can't turn that on yet Kyle
and I are making chicken noodles for
dinner he showed a real interest in
helping cook recently so I'm having him
help me I've got the chicken boiling
he's volunteered to open green beans and
you salmon the green beans are going to
go in this pan file oh man I just
realized I forgot potatoes no Anna has
saved the day
Colin's on his way over there to get
some potatoes for her so we can actually
have mashed potatoes with the chicken
and noodles and biscuits and green B
Pena usually while I'm trying to cook
miss life√≠s doing something like this
what are you doing you're making a giant
mess oh and it smells amazing is almost
ready I'm just waiting on these the
biscuits
they've only got a couple more minutes
sly see I've went ahead made you a plate
are you hungry
look I got chickie chickie greeny be
nice
let's go sit at the table she actually
it's a lot better when I just go ahead
and give it to her and she's a table to
ourselves because her brothers make her
laugh and then she's distracted not
eating and it's just simple chicken and
if instead of the chicken mixed in the
noodles too much she's plain simple girl
yes I did go tell the guys out there
that dinner was ready but Collin filmer
middles drum practice so they'll be in
any minute now I couldn't wait on them
I'm hungry Oh guys I just want to take a
second say thank you to this beautiful
lady right here for cooking all of us
this delicious meal how do you say mommy
Calvin started helping and all yeah
hey like a drum lesson everybody chazzy
good what the dinner Veronica made
horrible should I not eat mind you want
mine then yeah you might as well I don't
wanna get you sick
Martha honey seriously they look at all
these dudes you said not boom-boom-boom
you're surrounded by dudes you know that
right is around it well I got Liza oh
yeah she is the one girl careful careful
Liza with this dumb assault like I was I
could do that
I swing bend over like that pull my head
on the floor like I would not miss guys
I'm really bummed out we meant a life a
life mouthful for a little and we were
only in the office doing stuff what
happened what didn't she came over and
said mom I take Debbie off I gotta go
pee she completely said exactly that so
I took her pants and her diaper off and
she went over and got her potty and
lotta Brett brought it back to me and
she sat down she didn't go up her and
then she you could tell she was like
like she's gonna go go out like that she
was like I said hurry up sit down and
she sat down and she peed on me party we
can't celebrate with her right now
because the brahmacari part right but
yes Ally Z peed on the party and that's
awesome those are like really big steps
you guys like when it comes to you know
the kids and milestones and growing up
and stuff which really sucks that's
super sad but it's awesome like she
she's grown up next thing you know she's
going to be bringing all the do not
shoot him in the face haha anyway it
it's like bedtime for them they've got
school tomorrow half an hour 35 minutes
backpack on guys hey guys hey guys as
cool as you can possibly make it
want to give me the coolest most awesome
goodnight you've ever given
whoa that was like a Power Ranger good
night what about you I feel good night
okay then Bonnie love you oh good
they're gonna love you
good
and that's pretty much a standard
routine morning for me I do want to say
I'm pretty excited about the progress
that we made yesterday a little bit of
an issue with like some popping and some
you know undesirable noises while
recording and I think it has something
to do with the again we're back to the
like the the processing power of that
computer so definitely going to save up
for a new iMac I think of beastie strong
one in the meantime we can use the
MacBook but ideally I'd like to have a
desktop available to handle the
recording and the podcasting and the
livestream and stuff like that something
that's always there like a station you
know watch ready ready ready
oh yeah and annual gets it what go get
it girl and then they fight over it yeah
don't step on Liza angel you big goof
are you ready this is what the world's
largest tennis ball you guys want me to
blow it up I'm going to blow it up for
you so you can really struggle putting
your mouse on it yes go good okay it's
going to be crazy it's gonna be crazy
hold the ball line hold it for daddy
hold it up so I can pump it good job
hmm okay there's a hole in there
dang before we could ever blow it up
they got a hole in it that is
unfortunate
this thing would have been oh good she
don't care if it's flat yeah just okay
well that's gonna pretty much wrap up
today's video guys don't forget it's
Wednesday so we have livestream today 5
o'clock p.m. twitch.tv for Tosh Gilroy
gaming the link is in the description be
super awesome if you went down below and
left a comment that lies just below that
like button and don't forget as always
my friends we want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
