I think that works I think that works
what's up guys welcome to the video
today you know what I bet you're
probably noticing you see up there
so I started noticing this a couple
months ago but look what is happening up
here
the ceiling is separating from the top
of these wall or vice versa and if it's
only happening like really inside this
bathroom pretty confusing a little bit
nerve-wracking because what does that
mean like is that coming miles and
falling apart like let's know a small
gap either that's probably happened it's
probably half an inch guys it's crazy
anyways we're about to go and see Ron
his grandpa he's at home now instead of
in the hospital which is great but I
want to say it doesn't doesn't look that
good
hi ladies Oh was it that's cute it's
about to get cuter from the piggy little
piggy teal put it in the ponytail and
one what that's a pretty small ponytail
doing I don't know honey
Jose you're genius you can get out you
can't have that but what are you going
to clean up we already cleaned it up
it's all clean you can't clean it any
farther I love that house I'm in love
with them
that house every time we come here with
you that house that house I'm just going
to keep saying bad how that house I want
to build a house like that can we go to
help like that yeah
yeah brah I say that and Broncos like I
want a barn
well barn doesn't go with that right we
build a modern build that house and we
create half of it super modern
contemporary style and the other half is
super old school like barn type look
right if you live in that house and
you're watching this video you're one of
the kids the parents another man home we
would love it to work I'm just saying
we're Eliza and goosy grandpa yeah well
his home he's home I'm going in see him
hey grandpa example we're moving right
along guys a little fast board here
detective throat he'll explain I guess
here in a little bit but uh first
we need them food oh dear
I know it's loud in here but bear with
the ones it's decided
you can't make a sour face and
we're going to make starfish or swallow
it we don't have any food
oh my god
this yummy called the a1 challenge
ready
Oh
Wally
ah Colin win
I'm trying to get in the door he cannot
open the door any more than that this
guy like right on the line I mean come
on
come on up and then look look I was
inside like he could have definitely
scooted over a little bit like total
jerk move right there
hi I'm a little dot all right I can
squeeze in there
what if I wasn't a little guy you know
what I'm saying
see these toes a Mauro
see you right back here hey
huh Wow instead of going to bed just
yeah we decided to trash the living room
and play kids and be a little bit of fun
raise money she just threw that oh there
were young girls make me pay my dad he
left our DVD right I was just tickle
monster
so ambles on our daddy is the truth they
know Knights are the gladiators demon
Knight to everyone and then I see you
more oh don't make this awkward my god
they know nice tomorrow no she's not
family look at that hair though oh you
know I put off finishing the video today
until now not because I'm lazy but I
just nobody wants to talk about this
type of stuff but sometimes you need to
talk about this trip stuff and this type
of stuff meaning like you know life and
death or death is a very serious part of
life and living and it's very hard to
like accept and understand that so like
basically yesterday we went to see and
visit Veronica's grandpa who had come
home from the hospital
not because he's doing a well exactly
but because he's you know doing worse I
was like this something very hard for me
to understand is the concept of death
because I personally haven't lost anyone
close to me except for last you know it
was a little over a year ago we had a
miscarriage and we lost a pregnancy a
baby and that was my first like up-close
personal experience with death and you
know it's tough and it still is and you
like you you never forget it it's really
hard to see
those who you really care about going
through that and in in such a way that's
like very humbling and eye-opening you
see grandpa Bob
Veronica's dad's dad is a very religious
man he's always been you know real big
in church and all that stuff and so like
we spoke recently about his his health
condition and it's not seeming to get
better and the fact is he's come to
terms with you know passing on and
meeting and being with God and so
instead of staying in the hospital he
preferred to be at home you know with
his family comfortable surrounded by the
people they loved
instead of being constantly woken up by
nurses and poked and prodded and all
that stuff so it's just really hard to
see that kind of stuff and yesterday
being there with them and you know
speaking with them just kind of like
absorbing the experience it's hard it's
really hard to take that in especially
watching the people you love
prepare to lose somebody they care about
so yesterday when we go visit bother you
know get to talk to them and see them
and everything it's just kind of like
this you know it's just so it's just a
sad time you know it's really sad and I
think that instead of I think that
instead of hiding from the experience or
hiding it from you or hiding it from
ourselves facing that head-on it is
important because death is around us
always it's a part of life
and we all will die at some point even
though I hate to talk about it like it's
something that you should always address
and you know we recently talked about in
the livestream like forcing positivity
and not understanding ourselves or our
alternative emotions so opposite of
positivity is you know negativity and
and sadness and I feel like you have to
work out those feelings it's healthy for
you to work out those types of feelings
so it's okay to be sad and it's okay to
mourn and you know those are all natural
feelings and you have to go through that
you can't just hide from your emotions
because if you just cover it up then it
will never go away and it will
constantly eat at you from within so I
feel like I feel like talking about it
and expressing it will help me to deal
with those emotions but I at least
wanted to let you guys know that this is
happening and you know it's very sad but
it's part of life you know and we all
have to go through this at some point
and it is equally as important for us to
be there for each other together all of
us as a community
you know I share my life experiences
with you the audience in that that way
we can all kind of see these life
experiences together and talk about it
and grow together as the community
because there may be some of you who are
experiencing the same issues and you
don't know how to deal with it but
that's the best ways to talk about it
you talk about it to get it out so that
it's not always weighing on your chest
you know at this time we just asked for
a overly abundant showering of love and
support for Veronica her family us all
of us together you know as we kind of
celebrate grandpa Bob and just what a
wonderful person he is and I apologize
that you know we have to get you know
bring it down like this instead of like
lifting you up and inspiring and being
positive and stuff but thus is the the
waves in the ocean of life I guess I
kind of just wanted to update you guys
on what that what you know what's
happening and and I think that's all
we're going to have for you today now
tomorrow I promise I'll bring it back up
and we'll do some fun stuff with the
kids they are at school but today is 60
degrees outside so it's it's like nicer
than it's supposed to be right now so
we're going to try and take full
advantage of that
so that guys is where we leave before
today thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
you
