come on hey guys welcome to the vlog
today mama here Anna and my sisters
pulling in we're having a mommy daughter
day ready here hey there
we're just going to go hang out do some
shopping yeah obviously me and my mom
stir around the horses and stuff so we
gotta come get our first year I was I
actually wore my salute today
this is obviously for stuff cowgirl that
cowboy stuff
all kind of stuff like that and mother
owned a coffee cup in a hotel because
the medicine travel coffee cup because I
need I need a travel coffee cup so when
I go places making picks my coffee with
me oh my
finding anything on has magnetic style
the keel Oh a nice grey one
so number is looking at very she has to
shop in section fringy you the fringing
launches well like those right there I
do really like those high detail and
eventually hopefully this summer I can
really start the boys almost and lessons
and stuff I'm riding and we'll have to
bring them up and get some actual well
you have to be it basically all right we
have come to be dub for lunch and I get
like the myelin wing but actually got a
salad day with feet moment
my own pocket on it I gotta start
planning the lines and second birthday
parties you're gonna call me stuff house
her life party birthday birdie here can
we do
I think when you popsicle party
you know is it
and over here is all girlfiend sauce and
then this side over here is all boys
bean stuff and they have actually have a
paw patrol section I don't know if she
want all patrols is now that I see
olivine they have princesses they have
the Minnie Mouse
she loves Minnie Mouse too and they have
stories pictures of Dori
caimans to show me the paw patrol oh
yeah there's a paw patrol pinata but
look at the Minnie Mouse on poun so I do
you think they realize it was like that
one
well one once you like yeah now on hmm
let's see those sunglasses he gives you
like a goatee because they're too small
or too big heads to fall oh why they
look at you fancy Jesus Kwan hopping
around the month hmm wait a sec are you
guys really doing this again is it - the
mud mask it's not wait should I be doing
that would that be look seriously I
thought all right we all struggle with
this right we all have like blemishes
and stuff like a little black hair you
see here and there is this what you're
supposed to do to fix it I on what do
you mean it wait was hers was way better
than yours I have done it this is a dead
sea mud mask oh you know I'm all about
that that's from an observer from the
Dead Sea deep skin cleanser pour reducer
and help clear acne
sometimes when I'm just feeling low I'm
gonna pull up my mud mask and I'm going
to put that on and make myself feel all
special Brittany Brittany you're
supposed to be getting out here on a mud
mask
oh she's got makeup on I had to clean
all the cat litter from the bathroom as
you guys know we still have these two
little kittens and I decided to put them
in this kennel on here keep them safe
and they've been joined by company you
guys playing with the cat
in this little cage all of you but
actually I was just kidding this is how
we punish the kids when they're bad we
just put them in there
clickbait ah there's full on kid time we
got all these kids out here girls want
to go pick up pizza ha and moments later
they bring home a piece of pizza oh
what'd you get for me oh thanks Exeter
salad I wanted to test our keep them and
boy did I get back
are you ready for people I see he's like
I'm liking this great play so super
unlucky right now because brittany has
offered to take the kids to her home so
I could go help Veronica do them harm
good good going ready
the reason Veronica has to go feed
tonight is because Clyde when the horse
liner brush
emergency surgery a horse a situation
happened that poor thing I don't even
know so there is you take care of that
and we're going to take care of the barn
sorry hey good job today
you're crazy oh why are you going you're
going with Brittany huh oh yeah all
right kids my princess hi so you're
keeping them overnight this excited yet
I actually don't know if I want to do
that because the lives gonna stay last
night with us and a mystery and I don't
think about my family that's true that's
true all right with you in a bit lightly
mm ah blood daddy kiss oh yeah you can
blow daddy kiss oh I love you see ya mm
much
dinner time it's been a while since
we've been here how is everyone or is
everyone good hi pickles hi Connor hi
Norbit
hey st. and there's ninja ninja Oh bud
are you doing good you're doing good
don't eat my fingers crazy how these
animals are so resilient resilient
enough to withstand the cold
temperatures these these things they
have on them are like blankets so they
trap in their body heat which is good
but I don't think it's carefully cold
so much it is you got a P key they got a
sign over here in the wall says farming
is not just a job to way of life and I
think bronze are really policing that
because she had a huge of them and
there's no repair here
she just opted to pee in the sole what
girl does Michael got to I'll this first
high portion on you yes Oh eat back me
didn't get back look look at that little
elephant yeah
whoa crazy how they grow so much further
look at that it's like a shag dog now
these are the same men as you guys go
over to someone crew well a little while
later dirt and hay and water
look Veronica Sorensen needs a bucket
how's that coldness she's such an
amazing woman
like for real Veronica
as you can see there is a lot of dump in
here so we're going to blow it out
that's a lot better this thing will run
definitely cooler with all that data
it's probably time if you haven't done
it for a while to check the dust in your
laptop as well also would you believe
that brittany decided to keep the kids
tonight so Brock and I and we'll have
the night to work alone what do you want
to do tonight we don't have any kids
Oh random moving okay but let's just not
rent a movie let's watch movie an
extreme loud surround
and here we can watch it all the way
through so it was short-lived we did get
a full night sleep though which is
really really nice we got to watch a
movie we were in it bad mom which is
actually really good music Kunis this
little nugget is ready for some sleep
like she needs a nap desperately and so
that is where we will end today's video
and I want to say thank you guys so much
spraying analysis and that just you know
being part of our family would be super
awesome if you made it to the end of
this video that you go down right below
and click that like button and leave us
some fun often comment I'll be going
through the comments of today's video
for the first two hours after posting
and responding to people so let's start
conversation in the comment section and
that my friend is where we will leave
you for today I want to thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
