all right I'll make the wait what is
happy my friend the first makeup stage
of well Ted
what uh what age are you going for here
bud 99 out of work ahead of you whoa
Veronica hey woo
where do you see sunny guys my cousin
sunny is look at me alright Mike is
looking unrecognizable if you can't tell
with this manly giant Bush of a head
shaven beard how long did it take two
months that's it alright two maybe two
and a half ha ha ha alright so
Veronica's already finished Sunny's
makeup my cousin sunny oh good this is
crazy so we can expect this look for you
in about 30 40 years um I hope it's not
far away where God was a little bit rub
it over oh yeah
oh that work oh my yeah that's working I
think holy shit
wipe it out wait around look
oh that's perfect the chase euro has
some of the most epic ideas ever going
all time unless that didn't work
oh yeah yeah no I'm talking about you
again y'see what do you think of all
this mutters so this is Scotty's old man
look no it's not done yet
oh you're gonna give it up you hear okay
dad's looking pretty frail loving it
yeah Lindsay looks like a freaking like
librarian look like that Wicked Witch in
the wood that give words or names no why
is the Apple yeah why do I gotta be
invisible I don't know but if you were
to wish it what you need like a mole
right there oh yeah sure drunk with a
tankard don't like a mole
Oh when Aang and then Mike Mike Mike
looking pretty old how old am I looking
your lover do ya real okay we actually
Mike Mike's position in this was very
last minute and he didn't have an outfit
we had to come and actually get him just
the trashiest looking swept hand the
Swisher you're gonna be like this dirty
old man dance is all for my fingernail
and I think we're nailing it all right
and actually the party started we're
like 45 minutes late Wow so we're here
in case you ever wondered what like
bingo with old people looks like well
this is it
look at all these old people there's old
people and over there's old people using
that's my brother he told right there
and all those old people
what and there's old people there and
down there's old people what come here
Sonny
you want some pain let's get you some
popsicle what are they doing the best
oh my god what's going on here I don't
know I'm blindfolded and uh Gilbert I
can't stand by okay Joseph calm down
Samson y'all ride Samson all right as
long as you're doing all right that's
all that matters oh all right this is
all fine grandma the first thing you got
to do it's decided you can you find your
vehicle earth to find your grandma first
and find your bramble put her in the
wheelchair today she'll say here in the
keister pillow
so how do we know which grandma's up all
your kingdom
Oh
I feel like I ran deer into the wall I
can give this off hey guys Helen here
Horton from bingo we've moved on from
Mingo I don't think Blaine silver I
don't think you were is updated you guys
here lately he's over here doing the
filming yeah I still got up yeah yeah
yeah I don't know if what what I
intended to film tonight sure no for
multiple reasons sometimes things work
out the way you want sometimes they
don't but one thing for sure it was very
interesting and fun tonight
Chad come here let me just say that this
man right here he had was making every
single person tonight yeah laughs their
butts off it was pretty fun actually
give me a rendition of Eugene tonight
magnate shit your damn mouth Joseph
Joseph and Joseph and Gilbert let's go
we're going out yeah we did and we did
while that was a very interesting night
I'm very interesting very fun night
it's strange to consider what you may
look like when you when you like get
really old I'm Chad my dude Chad was
actually killing it was so much fun
Veronica promised me look at it's fine
you're just you're a tank Kyle gasps
what what did you think of me when I was
old you're so huge oh those are still a
you know hot Sun stuff mommy yeah oh
okay
okay so Branca is getting ready to go
hang out with your mom and sister for a
while today better you look I mean I'd
like that so I like that shirt nice
bright vibrant that very much is where
we're going to leave for today we didn't
get I don't think we got the video that
looking for yesterday but I'm still
going to mess with it and see if I can't
create something out of what extra a
shot wait with you can't believe College
is because I bought them for you for
Christmas
okay totally
I think so Michael well yeah that's
where we're going to call it for today
keep your eye out on a special auxilary
video if I can create something out of
that I'll be doing that today so guys
that's pretty much where we're going to
leave you for today I want to say thanks
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see you right right here
