hi everybody good day to you hope
everyone is doing well I just looked
lies and I just looked the hospital to
see my grandpa he has been sleeping very
well today he's gotten a lot of good
rest and I feel like he needed to keep
him and my grandma and you're saying we
need it
we like that either you want to show
them what you got
who did so ever hat is the pet is that
foxy foxy yeah who got to foxy hey gasps
baby is that Liza's baby we'd be Fox
babies ha did it char me you too baby
fuck huh
no something in this big ice storm
something or other I don't read our
looks on the radar it looks like it's
going to stay south of us but you never
know it could come up the temperatures
are dropping and get a bull joy
so besides meeting stuff for dinner
tonight we're going to spunk up on a few
things just in case we get Ike Ben
you do look at this and look at the line
the line was here on the canoes nice
trip
these are doesn't read the Express was
sold out so let's get out of here we go
home Liza
I didn't even bring my wallet in but I
totally forgot it out in the jeans when
I parked the cart here by the door
utilize out run out yeah my wallet and
come back in and then get back in line
who do this at Eliza only your mother
will worry honey I'm home ah check this
out look why come up with that let's all
imagine look so we have to adapt these
cleaver huh so we have my line and Zacks
line and we need to come like backup
need some like sound effects that we
could pop in there or like the podcast
show would start with like a music track
right yeah
well this I just found today a sound
board style thing where we can play like
we can play like music back this
programming SuperLab what that's because
the mic can hear it and everything
that's long what about the airport
yeah yeah in there I can play a lot
louder than yeah you're out here yeah
that's cool it's what lies over there
eatin those are chocolate-covered
marshmallows
look at her well are those Lyla crazy
it's our turn to go to the store I'm
gonna stop winning and I am just
emotionally drained you are but I have
to go down to Goodwill first they didn't
find anything for myself and I have to
make a Walmart trip okay do you need
hugga yeah someday we should chase is
handling the live stream I'm sure if any
of you have join in a beer in there with
him eyes on I have found ourselves here
at the goodwill as you know Josh and
Samantha chases brother Josh they like
to throw these themed parties well we
have another themed party tomorrow you
want to get those and give you guys a
sneak peak of this is what my outfit is
can you guess what our theme is yes I am
okay Liza pom which on these super cute
boots for Eliza
I had to get them so we have yet another
one of these crazy party events coming
up right as wrong - probably just
mentioned Zack and I are scouting some
fine elderly fresh where I go with this
maybe one of those - Doris
give me the fedora okay
thank you all right so I rock this put
the tape on the bottom
mm-hmm if you need some as much no it's
perfect
does it go with I'm thinking about up
the door for me as well we can't both
which one ah well they don't have the
goofy ones with the ears they have these
this thing right here or you can wear
that all right check me out it's too big
for my head there you go Lego I wanna
pick it you think I love it that color
combination say like Miami Beach grandma
oh of course that burnt orange peach
color with in stock I love it
check out them I mean look at their
weight their hair free of charge we need
to find a walker
and one of those like golf cats not only
did I have an epic idea for this party
of really thing I'm going to do it I'm
going to prove the distance between Baek
and Rio on YouTube and the difference
between the successes of
we do it tomorrow get a chrome metal s
oh that's nice and if you want to check
this out you can get yourself some new
windshield wiper however there's a cap
right here lot layin height we use good
you're something else guy you're right
more like Emily you lightly my the duck
bumpers oh you know how weird it is to
go shopping for like clothes that you
don't want to wear at all you know how
crazy that is what going shopping for
clothes you don't want to wear like
period at all yeah I didn't I didn't one
you can show me if you want I will after
we eat some lasagna
we've already ate you did oh look at
this drums and may have come ELISA this
girl right here Joe right here
ELISA show me some cracked your iPhone
screen dad's it's pretty bad
okay I'll go fix your phone for free
okay but you have to clean up all of it
I'm going to clean up all this and
that's all you got to do and I'll fix
your phone for free deal do you want
sliced fingertips or a fresh new face
yeah teller logic dang Daniel back at it
again with a hot hot all right
and about 25 minutes later we have a
perfectly safe
I phone just putting the last screw in
the bottom gear exacts waited patiently
over there for the whole time I was
working voila
because break it up right now we should
break it I'm kidding okay sure
thanks for cleaning the kitchen yeah I'm
really sorry but it didn't work
whatever I swear oh thank you oh you're
gonna hug it up I'll turn it on let's
see it
well then make sure you record your
password yeah everyone wait use your
thumbprint I want to make sure that
works no I have to type in my eyes wait
do you don't use your thumbprint no I do
but for the first time like Oh true yeah
that's right let's see it
oh yes ma la la
Liza what what are you doing King is on
you need help like seeing that go ahead
mm-hmm mm-hmm
one more satisfied so basically we're
going to call it a day guys with all of
us here tonight right here together
tomorrow's going to be a lot of fun I
can't promise that we will post a vlog
on the next one or an actual like prank
video I'll keep you posted but keep your
eyes out it's going to be awesome but
anyways that my friend is where we're
going to leave for today I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
