what is happening my friends good day to
you I hope you have a fantastic day so
far starting very early in the morning
I'm doing something a little you know
charitable contribution of my time my
grandpa has a doctor's appointment and
I've been charged with delivering him to
it not every day you see Amish parking
it's pretty cool
smells Verde yeah this place looks like
a hotel room yeah grandpa was here for a
sleep study he's not sleeping today but
if you have like was a sleep Batman my
buddy Jim Clark the house redneck has
sleep Batman he has to sleep was one of
these masks on pretty good camera up
there so they can watch you sleep TV
yeah just drop grandpa off back at home
and the poor guy is so tired you guys
he's like he always says everything
hurts and that's kind of like a downfall
of spending time comes because
you can do with complain about all the
things that hurt and it sucks to hear
that you know but I try to be like I try
to be positive you think about the
positive nature of our time and that is
that we get to spend time together
still fortunate at 88 years old to be
able to still sit still spend time with
my grandpa I'm sure you you know your
grandparents too are growing old and
maybe some of you have already lost your
grandparents but if you still have them
like now's the time
take good care and spend some time
before long
it's gonna be all over What's Wrong girl
you want to go outside and play off I
know you want to go outside and play but
it's all rainy a failure girl are you
ready for summer hmm are you ready for
summer yeah
you're ready for some urgent I know you
and I are always on the same page
let's go shooting my doll you're my dog
you're my dog you're my dog say hi
look so here's my hair before we're
gonna go do Liza's hair there's our hair
after I still can't really get the part
straight down the middle because it
won't go to the one side but Y Z's copy
details and she lets me do them every
day yeah i watch the show
run with soggy pants that was cool
oh you you are super soggy just from
crossing the road holy cow one more to
go off the bus and then it's time for
some fun yeah yeah yeah we're gonna call
this from this point forward Colin wah
the rainy day closet right this is the
story of the rainy day closet when we
come home from school or we have the day
off and there's nothing to do because
it's raining outside we pick an activity
from the rainy day closet and what do we
have in the rainy day closet this it's a
card game
sorry much I am you trying to play that
I don't know I don't either
this is huh there's only a small amount
of the things that we have for rainy
days right we're gonna start making good
use of this stuff cuz we have we barely
use this stuff and we need to look at
this this this I want to show you guys
really really bad but we'll save that
since Colin shows us this is like a 3d
pen super cool all kinds of cool stuff
in there we'll do that over time that's
a whole video series right and I can I
can relay instructions in a very simple
easy-to-understand method already ha
when it's your turn you gotta flip over
a card into the middle pile you got it
only way to get cards you want to win
all the cards and the only way to get
all the cards is to get a slam which
slam which is to same tards separated by
one different card like two pieces of
bread oh bugger to make my favorite
sandwich the booger bread burger bread
which
pollens out of cards its Carson and I
left you go you got it you got it well
this is intense guys this is intense
seriously intense right now one more
card
you just slip slapped what you just
slips left you slip slap which means you
only have one card left which means you
have to four for that one car which
means daddy wins thank you for such an
awesome game Carson you were the
fiercest competitor of them all I'm
sorry you lost but are we still friends
you shake my hand we're still friends
hey my dude stuff all right guys the
boys just got done with a game of
battleships oh and we are having
leftover pizza for dinner because I did
not make it to the store to get anything
to fix and chase left so leftover pizza
kinda night the boys are now they're
wanting to play more games but they're
waiting on their cousin Noah to get here
Amanda is bringing Noah over to hang out
for a little while
Liza show him your hair Jamie watch an
Einstein ah look at your hair
I took her pigtails out cuz she wanted
him out and now she's like yeah
she does she looks like a spin turn I'll
show you the back showing the back oh
she's talking on the phone hey hey hey
hey that's not nice
I'm sorry that's not funny I shouldn't
lock right in the face
why is it's not nice here you told Mandy
you're sorry you better tell her you're
sorry she's gonna cry
she about did it again
Eliza okay all right it's bedtime say
night okay
so I just came back home right we
finished the meeting it was awesome
love exploring new business
opportunities you just turned out to be
a really good discussion I'm pretty
excited for the outcome so that's where
I'm gonna leave that I did meet my
buddies at Tim Hortons and came home
with this little treasure chest in which
Zach this guy had one so I'm curious
which one would you choose if you could
choose your donor if I could choose any
any doughnut yeah honestly personally in
the Jellicoe guy first we pick that one
but huh
was that one of the no that's the one
Veronica already licked and he said
don't I don't mind that veronica lichte
so I probably still eat it Larry don't
which one the sparkly sprinkly one no
that one's just perfectly colored for
baby lies
the chocolate can't have that one
because Carson Carson yeah and the honey
cruller that that one's just too good to
come off cuz it's one of my favorites I
personal favor okay so how about this
oblong looking Caleb thing everything
you know that one that one you can't
have because it is a sourdough glazed
one and you probably won't like that how
about this no not that one how about
this oh that if you're about to if you
weren't about to ask about the White
Stripes one yeah you you don't want that
one because he said it was probably
expired so okay and if you're long long
John I wouldn't even try that one
because stale that now that one's
probably super delicious okay but I
think it's gonna be too good for your
taste
how about that cinnamon one the cinnamon
one you could totally have the cinnamon
one okay but I wouldn't be so we're
gonna record a test audio sample I guess
on the podcast we've done some tweaking
right super safe I'm super excited
awesome yeah okay so right now we're
gonna let you guys listen to a little
bit of audio that we just recorded that
is something that you can expect our
podcast to sound like okay how much wood
would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck
could chuck what that's a great question
I can't even say that if I tried to say
it try try to see it let's go
how do you do it is how much wood would
a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck what and you know how difficult it
is to say something yeah while you're
wearing headsets that are having a
delayed audio pass through it as well
that was impressive that's pretty tough
I owned the speech jammer challenge in
case you didn't see that what I rocked
it I didn't see that it's awesome if I
didn't see it it didn't happen so she
all right how much would go how much
wood could a woodchuck chuck
would could check would there have a
woodchuck good job how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck how much alright one
more try again how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood Oh Bravo and this is where
we'd be inserting some really cool crowd
applause sound effects okay
okay but we have to set that up still
later yeah that'll come later but but
yeah basically yeah
back to you Gil back to you Gil so how
about harami or Harambee so what do you
think it's pretty nice all right so
let's do this why don't you guys down in
the comments section let us know what
are some things that you would like to
see or hear rather Zak and I talk about
I think we already kind of won't talk
about like relevant things not only in
YouTube but all social media tech new
tech and stuff relationship advice
favorite pets
love experiences
no comment is a stupid one so just leave
some random stuff down below that you
would like to see Zack and I talked
about on these mics once a week from
these mouths from this these two my
office
that was a bit over the top but uh oh
yeah
it's morning dude it's time for coffee
bro I brought my cup and I forgot to
bring yours because I don't know if you
like Co creamer and stuff with sugar but
not but bronze since I'm making pancakes
and bacon and sausage you mean to tell
me you made all those delicious pancakes
and you left this many for me no thanks
I got leftover
I got a leftover Tim hell doughnuts
this is sugar Oh
okay so we are going to wrap up the day
here with breakfast and coffee yesterday
was like 60
it was warm yesterday but rainy which
kind of sucked and then today it's back
down to 30 25 30 inch it's difficult
it's very sunny yeah and that's just the
Ohio weather and it sucks it's crazy all
the time like that I'm sorry what 10th
of a nice for us I saw in other parts of
the country like Missouri they're
looking at like a half an inch voice and
that's like that's a bad type of ice
that's the kind of ice that causes the
power to go out and all that stuff so
good luck Missouri we're thinking about
you that my friends is where we will
leave you for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here see you
right back here
