what is happening guys welcome to the
campground right here getting ready for
some Halloween fun with the boys so I
started the day with a hat I met this
young man here
Sawyer enjoy that hat buddy he was like
I've always wanted to smile more hat and
I said you know what take mine you
already have fun yeah
Oh a video camera hi we met a crew over
here shoes dude you can't ride a bike
proper without shoes get it dude wait
where is his shoes Oh see you dude we've
done the swingset we've we've done the
slides we we did the merry-go-round we
did the big bouncy blob deal what snow
rehydrate and look how you can totally
see me in your glasses we're gonna go
get the boys and cooler clothes and
we're going to oh so here's the deal I
uh I gotta get out of here because today
is Kanan knows big birthday parties I
gotta go help Roman set up some stuff
Nana are you gonna keep Eliza and like
hang out with her and camp stuff and
look at the fall leaves and whatnot good
just go for it this guy's gonna break
something I didn't do so well nothing
today maybe then I I don't have the
coordination I wants you sad maybe maybe
that's it
or maybe it's it's too cold it's not
inflated enough we're having a good time
over here at this birthday party this
this is pretty insane the kids are
having the best time
actually who wouldn't put all these
bounce houses and pools and amber oh
just awesome man everything's so fun we
got Spencer over here
Spencer bro your arm dude it's not that
you wants you yeah let's see oh my gosh
- Spencer experienced what was it a
can-am look at you TV yeah you TV roll
over
yes super nervous on the bad end
so how you have a rod and how many
screws yeah I'm gonna watch security
wands you're holding their arm what you
got in there boy look at this crazy
vehicle
no don't go in the water Dale don't do
it oh he's not doing it but he is
actually doing it he's doing it
oh it's a bloomin bow Oh yo that's crazy
look at that thing
and right on the water
here's some you don't typically see Roma
now actually in there with the knife
cutting the cake dish no Roman Roman
you're doing great I know it's been a
couple days I've uploaded it
got to say
I'll say it's not so loud yo we are just
getting ready to leave Remington Brits
the boys had such an amazing what did
you guys have fun yeah
Cantona had the best birthday ever right
there's a lot of fun but this night
doesn't impress because guess what yeah
we're gonna do you leave your teeth
crooked
I never leave my teeth crooked that's
true
all right boys let's go camping whoa
okay it is camping time you boys
Veronica is supplying the kids with a
bunch of glow sticks Liza you got some
bracelets yeah that's cool and Nana's
setting up a s'mores smorgasbord and
this is what I have to roast the
marshmallows with all right I mean I
don't even have like my utility knife
here with me to go hunt for my own
Martian a mistake let's see how good
this glove really is yo that's not even
warm Nina that glove is legit oh it's
smoking
sandwich sandwich a sandwich at all look
at it just do out oh-ho-ho honey that's
the best s'more look at it look at it
just look at it look at it look at it
look at it look at it it's pretty good
but did you look at nice
all right school for you we got one up
there couch blow-up and Carson you have
a sleepover with Nana the Campins never
been the same we don't have the back
unloaded so yeah the back is it's it's
currently out of service at the moment
so that means me and Bronco is it to
just sleep in our bed it's gonna be fun
don't you worry Oh Liza
oh what a beautiful morning giving the
dog some exercise see look at this spot
an Angels no sick girl you see that spot
see it easy easy it's gotten worse
before I got better I had to take her to
the vet yesterday to get that spot
looked at it's really strange I know I
got no more but now that it's quiet I
mean I guess I come to wanna wrap
today's video up with explaining a
little bit why I haven't uploaded in the
past couple days and that is the
infamous golden shower it's a real
downer when you upload your videos and
YouTube puts their foot down and says
this is an advertiser friendly content
we all know that what I do is pretty
much as close to advertiser friendly as
you can get bottom line is I make videos
because I love doing it and that love
and passion for creating these videos
has what turned into you know it's it's
it's what created our career it's like
it's how we make our living and stuff
and your guys's support with us
throughout these three and a half almost
four years has been amazing I can't help
but think you know maybe it's time for
for a change like maybe I really pulled
the trigger on creating some really
unique and in compelling content based
around tech and I've been talking about
it for a long time you know when it
comes to tech camera gear gaming
technology computers stuff like that I
feel like I've always been that go-to
guy I'm just like torn at this moment
like what do I do
where do I go from here now as you guys
know I've been filming a lot for Roman
and and we've just been having a good
time hanging out creating stuff together
like we used to do and it really has
been just perfect so we have all these
things you know like all these things
are just circling in my head like what
do we do where do we go what's the next
step as the YouTube landscape changes
and evolves I mean it's only appropriate
for
as creators to kind of change with it I
don't know let me know in the comments
below what what do you think about the
new YouTube landscape you know how many
of your favorite creators have openly
voiced their opinion about their content
being D monetize like if we can't
sustain ourselves how are we gonna keep
creating for you it is your job as the
community to also speak up like before
long all you're gonna see is Jimmy
Kimmel's and the NFL spotlights and ABC
and all this corporate crap those
creators that helped build YouTube and
this community are gonna disappear if we
don't like speak up that my friends is
where we're gonna leave before today I
want to say thank you so much for
checking in and hanging out with me I
can't wait to see you all right back
here very soon
