this will be for pickup but it's not me
picking it up it's a buddy of mine and I
want you to title it Gill master flex I
know it's an odd request but you're
helping me mess with my buddy large
pepperoni bacon and banana pepper of the
finest Mountain Dew Oh perfect thank you
so much aha so I always everyone doing
today I hope you feelin fantastic
I have Chad and Scotty coming over and
just a few and I was like you know we
should do pizza and I told Chad he had
to pick up the pizza under Gill master
flex Scott sure show the toilet again
yeah yeah oh those aren't lady parts I
just texted Scott was like are you
coming tonight and he was like well I
have an issue and he's got a bloody nose
and that is all what you just saw and
his toilet is all parts of tissues that
he's stuffed up his nose to stop the
bleeding and it won't stop Scott are you
gonna die oh gosh
now that's a lady part okay okay you
know how to work it it looks like good
looks like you know so nothing right in
there dude you're gonna be fine you're
gonna be fine dude hurry up I can't see
what I can't see the drips but oh dude
that's perfect
that's genius that's perfect what's that
stream for all right we'll check back in
on you in a little bit Scotty that's
where the that's from kind of confused
so yeah Chad and I are out here focusing
on what would be the first official
cover song of our apart new project and
if you haven't guessed by now we we want
to start with Jeremy loops his album
trading change didn't come out until
what 2015 but every song on it has been
just it reinvigorated my love for music
that's I mean in what just the songs
that I've you know just from hanging out
with you and learning about Jeremy loops
like I fall in love with this music
major it's good passionate music and so
Jeremy I hope that if you're watching
you can appreciate what we're doing but
yeah we are out here focusing on this
and I wanted to send you guys inside to
see what Veronica the kids are up to and
just like that we're home have an inner
mad safe drum practice and what having
talked about for dinner yes I just got
home and had nothing to cook so
our practice had to kind of pause for
Colin's practice I just think it's
really cool how like we're we're almost
like transforming into family isn't
and then Collin on the drums and Carson
said he wants to learn guitar I feel
like I wanted I'm trying to keep a lot
of this like on the game hear me cuz I
don't want you guys to like see exactly
what we're doing while we build it and
then when we see that when you see the
actual finished product anyway I think
you guys there's too much fun to be had
to miss out on so we're recording a take
right now and Chad's gonna nail it all
right hold on all right here we go here
we go and we're recording you can't hear
the background okay so it's 1022 right
yeah it's 1022 Sonny just called
challenge where are you
it's typical relationship type stuff I
know it's cool
next week people here you know I know
we're gonna taste a little taste
here's another one okay it's just uh
something news get into it I don't know
I feel weird about sharing it just yet
yeah give us a minute yeah we will get
it it'll be good
and eventually all right Chad I'm dry
safe brother I did not even realize that
it was two o'clock in the morning
Veronica's still up in here sitting on
honey what are you doing no seriously
what are you doing
whoa deep-lying let me see we uh we
greatly enjoy our our evenings you know
like when the kids go to bed we can stay
up late and do you know do our own
things I spent probably three hours out
in the shop trying to learn audition
because GarageBand is cool it's just a
it's a it's a lesser of a software
audition seems to be the best software
to use to record audio not only for the
music that we're trying to do but the
podcasting and I've spent the last three
hours out there like watching tutorials
and learning stuff about audition so mmm
we haven't really gone anywhere so far
in today's video but we're learning and
we're making progress and that's the
most important thing so I think it's
probably the best time to get a little
bit about Oh
Collin when's the last time we filmed at
the bus stop two days ago
mmm quite a bit long time longer longer
than that longest long time long time it
is good morning and it it went away but
I'm telling you what this morning's
sunrise was epic all the clouds at 30 C
were like bright red it was awesome so
we figured out the reason why we sat at
the bus stop for so long and didn't see
a bus was because the roads are mega I
see our road wasn't really icy but we
went to the backup bus up right what did
we find no kids and we were slipping and
sliding and it was crazy but uh I just
looked on the website and they don't
have well they do have school it's only
a two-hour delay
so what do you guys want to do for two
hours the office and play for two hours
yeah look who's up everyone and look at
her pants look at these heads look at
these pants
it's Santa and presents and wait were
those your official official ugly
Christmas PJs yeah
oh I thought you had something different
than that that's super cute though and
you little mess ah good morning precious
what do you got right there cute is she
lucky isn't it what do you got Liza
pop-tart yep we're soon to get Carson on
the bus
I think that's we're gonna wrap today's
video a bit of an unfortunate update and
what we're gonna do today
Veronica's grandpa who we mentioned in a
few vlogs ago he had a surgery because
he had some intestinal problems and
things really aren't looking really good
at the moment so we're gonna go visit
him in the mouth lots of prayers yeah
yeah bob was his name and if you could
include Bob and your prayers I mean this
is wrong this this is Veronica's grandpa
and the last one she's got we need to
sing a lot of prayer for her all Bob and
I'm standing on it thank you
but uh it would really I would really
mean the world to us if you guys could
do that but you know we need to put
negative stuff in the vlogs and whatnot
but that's real life and when stuff like
this happens in our lives we share it
with you because we know that sometimes
you guys go through you know similar
issues and we can relate to each other
that way so that's the most important
thing is being there for each other as
brothers and sisters of the human race
we're all together in this
we need your thoughts and prayers in it
so guys that's where I'm gonna leave
before today I want to say thank you so
much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
