look at Veronica
honey you're ready whoa
let's see the walk I always loved
looking at the ski walk which is just
ski boots walk sucker you're actually
not bad
the other day I was walking people walk
by I watch here's my representation of
some people walking on that Stevie go
Zach what are you doing on the ground
yeah
look it's fine we've only been waiting
here for like ten minutes
Veronica's leaving us guys in practice
in practice
parallel feed there's no shame I love
how you move your hips
it's all in the hip it's all in the hips
you're going to come down the hill and
hit that and 180 and I'm gonna go to the
point I'm gonna post up on the edge I'm
just gonna watch you sail by because I
can't get air cuz I'm not at that level
yet he's doing it all right Isaac
best of luck dude
good yeah
what do you think guys you have fun you
did awesome honey I'm doing better we
missed it we didn't catch it on film but
Veronica just luck got the wind knocked
out of her on that bathroom that
actually been super well today got some
hair
yeah I didn't die which is always good
you're probably asking yourself like why
are you guys going snowboarding on
Monday
well that's because don't mind the snot
that's because the rest of the week is
gonna be like 50s and rainy so we need
to get some practice in because we have
a seven springs trip coming up soon we
got to be ready for it on Valentine's
Day hmm as my friend Eddie would say ye
I bet a bunch of you're also wondering
does he who board and ski on a regular
basis like like these hills are so lame
yeah I know they are but around here
that's the best we can get like to go to
the next best thing like seven freezes
six four four four six hours I think
it's only four hours so to get practice
we got to do it on this little stuff and
yeah finally I'm finally gonna be able
to eat some of that pizza we got pizza
on the way here thinking you know we
should try and eat before we do anything
it's Mark Wahlberg we should talk to him
on the way out totally Mark Wahlberg
but uh yeah that's time for us to go
home and do the family thing it's such a
weird thing like I feel like we skip
school
another mean if you like it skip school
to go snowboarding and now I got to get
back to our work to show you guys we
stopped at a gas station this morning I
found the best little treasure ever you
know I like to read us write always look
fun in new flavors Doritos today lazy
like what I actually bought two bags in
our day one I'm just gonna say they're
super super good and I'm doing that
editing on the road making sure we're
staying productive Honeybear the
unfortunate thing is this timer was
going up I think it's going back down
now yeah let's go back down heck yeah
take your business on the road
Lisey hey punky look at you look at your
pants are way up there
Oh Veronica you're thank you I don't
care I don't care what you say you're so
cute
any girl out there any lady who's had
three children okay you can only wish to
look as good as my wife haters are gonna
say whatever they want but my love you
got it tell her tell hey tell mom she's
still got it that's what's up dude oh
here we missed a little bit there you go
keep your eye on mush on my elbow always
look at my elbow okay
you always give a compliment yeah okay
so we're all back together it's dinner
time we're just doing some instant pizza
obviously pizza and we got to do what I
should have done last night which was
some more work in the office oh you're
here too lies a heart beat badly is
there something in your belly boob
you're too sweet for that that poor baby
okay so I have to go no one wants to go
with me which is really sad I'm really
sad you guys don't want to go with me
you love your next books more than your
own dad
you love me a thousand percent listen to
that baby honey remember the note we got
from our babysitter today knows that she
only slept for maybe thirty minutes so
she may be ready for a little sleepy I
gotta go get stuff for their for their
lunches some pellets and some canned air
something Crazy's happening over here
like these dudes literally have a camper
surrounded I just stopped for some soda
that's so crazy you never know what
you're gonna see when you go out for
groceries especially near Walmart
goodness I think I've got everything
covered for at least breakfast and lunch
this is the most important thing Eliza
has been begging for possible bicycle
bicycle well there you go a little lady
watch her face when she gets this watch
are you excited
what did they bring you what is that
boob article I told you she'd be excited
you one bicycle right now when particle
what do you say to daddy thank you thank
you
oh you're welcome believe it or not
that's how we used to brush your teeth I
thought the most exciting part of my day
was already had but you guys as parents
there's like literally
face off yeah none of you for spicy to
read Ellison I don't know why that's all
like that lotion so I just spent the
past thirty minutes looking through
every drawer I have trying to find so I
got canned air at the store because I
noticed the other day while cleaning my
laptop that there's a lot of dust inside
in the cracks and stuff and I have this
pretty elaborate like screwdriver set
but not one bit in there will fit the
screws to take off my back plate on my
macbook so I guess now instead of
cleaning I'm gonna have to get on Amazon
and order a new screwdriver set but uh I
mean I guess I have really nothing else
for you guys today except for the
insight which is you know snowboarding
like today we kind of like I said
earlier we kind of felt like we skipped
school to go snowboarding and stuff and
we had a really good time and it was it
was exhausting but like that's that's
one of the things about being a parent
you kind of have to like we have
full-time jobs not only doing YouTube
but taking care of the kids and stuff
and it's quick to run out of energy
there's so much to be done so like
finding extra time and extra energy to
go out and do those types of things it
really takes a lot out of you because
you know that even though you've spent
four or five six hours that day
snowboarding you still got to go home
and run your household so keep that in
mind when you're thinking about having
kids so yeah guys that's pretty much all
I've got for you today I want to say
thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here
