what's up guys welcome to the vlog today
so I had to cut the only reason I came
out of the house today because it's
literally freezing again I need this XLR
cable for that new mic I got we did a
test the other day and it became like a
real headache it worked but we think the
cable we used as a test was bad so now
I've got 25 foot I don't need 25 foot
but that's the only one they had so if I
could direct your attention to the
current time check this out 50 350 4
p.m. I don't know what it is like winter
the winter months the days are so short
like it's all I have to get up in the
morning finish the vlog if I do like a
morning transition
finish up the vlog edit it eats and
breakfast coffee all that stuff but time
I get the vlog done I'm like out for the
next day it's already like for something
warden look at this dude's bumper
sticker ha that's what I'm talkin about
so veronica has left it up to me to do
dinner tonight and it couldn't have come
in a more perfect time because today we
have teamed up with hello fresh that's
right hello fresh is the subscription
food box service that delivers
ready-made meals right to your door
let's say we have a look inside the box
there is what is this it's a hell of
fresh bag it's an apron so that you
don't get all your food meal prep on
your clothing which is pretty good
that's off on the menu in this box is
Spanish one pan chicken with chorizo and
bell peppers beefed up Bolognese with
poblano peppers and time and that looks
super good and there is crispy so is it
Soleil I think it's soul may or sold
crispy so so with caper sauce and
potatoes mmm that looks really good too
I think you guys would really like the
spanish one pan chicken so this is what
will make tonight Oh neat freaks rejoice
look at this everything is perfectly
packaged in here look that's the spanish
one panda pickin it's all perfectly
packaged nice in the inside this box
what's great is you can just take these
you don't want to cook this tonight for
dinner put that in the fridge and make
it tomorrow I need a chef at okay the
good thing about the hell of fresh meals
is that they take about 30 minutes to
make from prep to completion and like i
said before they're all the ingredients
are there so you don't have to measure
them there's no waste oh yeah it's just
really really good food in a box
delivered to your door and if you
followed the directions inside the box
your meal is going to end up looking
something like this
I think we've done it I think we've done
it I love this meal and a box concept
for one reason and that is like I'm
always pretty limited on my like meal
prep we always make the similar things
but something like this helps you break
out of that box and discover new meals
right so it helps to expand your
culinary power so guys do me a favor as
I said we've sponsored today with hello
fresh and they want to give you guys $35
off your first order with hella fresh so
do me a favor do yourself a favor expand
your culinary palette click the link in
the description get $35 off your first
order and have a meal like this alpha
pig she's all fell funny girl she's
almost on the must oh hey look how long
her hair is oh it's it's wet totally
down it's actually pretty long oh my Z
mm-hmm baby lice is all done with the
bath when we got clean pjs on and see
she has wet hair so we're gonna go dry
your hair she's been letting me dry her
hair after the bath huh okay
look now look at your hair it's all nice
and dry ice and pretty oh my she just
stands there but nananana no you don't
need those movie do next my sister brush
your teeth yeah russian tea fees um your
mommy a kiss a hug mmm it's just for it
was an accident talk hey you know what
talk about me oh wait hold on i think i
have to turn direct monitor on good how
you doing that again again what do i say
something hold on oh there it is i got
the cable that we needed from radioshack
to be able to plug the mic hand and hear
it and it sounds fantastic um and we
fixed the there was an issue with this
connected to this USB tree back here I
know this looks like a mess okay cuz she
was snowboarding and she she influenced
me to start snowboarding and we both did
it for what two years together to season
and then after that she was like now I'm
to see what happened was I had children
and you know I lost this whole center of
balance and the snowboarding deal
whatever so I was like I cannot
snowboard anymore it hurt like I hurt
after i was done snowboarding so I
switch to skis
shh shh okay okay so we're gonna go
snowboarding tomorrow at snow trails the
kids are going to school Eliza's going
to the babysitter and we're gonna go
shred it up tomorrow together it's a
couple yeah it would be exciting I'm
actually pretty stable aside from coming
out here because I need to do some
cleaning and stuff I want to challenge
Veronica to another game another week
dishes another week of dishes no um
because I don't plan on losing what
should the consequence be this time huh
let's make a sweet all right the
consequence for the losing of this game
is simple one back massage per night
three nights in a row back massages are
loved not only do they feel good but
they feel good are you down are you
accepting the terms yeah all right i
need to put batteries in cuz they're
dead ah ok here we go ready
back
hey Blair two wins dang why are you so
good at this so you have three nights of
a back massage to redeem whenever you
want are you redeeming one tonight okay
new challenge new challenge beam is
embezzled this toy drone okay we're
going to set up some dominoes on this
table and you're going to have to use
the drone to knock down all the dominoes
in 60 seconds I can't just fly it up and
crash it down just a problem well you
better get them all in one shot then
ready sorry
ha
I grab ya 35 seconds
Oh funny
Oh 10-3 do one time oh nice to be
through you're going to be very left
okay I'm probably just break the drone
set go oh oh that didn't sound good that
didn't sound good 45 seconds Oh 36
seconds oh come on you gotta be 3 28
seconds you didn't the United over 21
seconds 20 seconds Oh 16 15 11 10 no
there's four spot four three two one oh
no it's time for a sudden death ok I
think how we settle this same thing are
my straight line I don't want to beat
you I don't want to be honest
okay same thing straight line one line
of dominoes five seconds there's gonna
push it forward and it's gonna be over
like for real mine was a little more
skillful Oh are we doing stopping yeah
yeah we get style points we'll call it a
tie for today okay let us know in the
comments who had the best style points
on our little five second run there okay
yeah noisy are you Ray go see Mandy and
Laurel Ann no honey Hugh ray go
snowboarding I mean ski I ski I ski ice
cream pineapple pineapple pants oh gosh
oh gosh also oh gosh so bronica wanted
to go so bad she's like we need to go
tomorrow so that's exactly what we're
doing lies is going a babysitter the
kids are at school Mama's gonna watch
them when they get home and then when
we're done we'll come back and get less
it's perfect and zach is coming to
redeem himself I'm coming bye bye
sweetheart oh my little princess I love
you you can blow me a kiss mm-hmm oh
you're so cute so that my friends is
where we're gonna leave you for today
wish us luck Veronica's I'm in a couple
years Branca doesn't need it she's on
skis but me yeah hey thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
I missed it
