you
so here we go Mad River Mountain got me
Zack Jordan had to go get my board tuned
a little bit it was definitely a lot
rusty so they clean up the edges wipe
everything off sharpen it wax it turned
out really really good now we're gonna
go get their rentals and get them out I
hope you guys are having a fantastic day
we're about to have the best
I hate hard left
laughter arm down towards the bottom and
wreck my board my boards got hard on
something hit something and then picked
off for me and I just felt
can you hear us okay
thumbs up today's video if you can we've
taken five brothers apart something like
that I had to get some food we're about
to go outside and check out this Gilson
tent
there's snowboard manufacturers here
right here from Wow
are you guys like frozen yet oh this
isn't cold this camera hasn't even been
out here five minutes and already the
screen is like you like to see the
motion is all yea laggy
so it's like it's 14 degrees out here
and very very cold we've already done a
couple runs like I said earlier and
these guys over here at Gilson they're
gonna hit this book with a demo board to
try out I'll tell you or maybe I'll let
him tell you exactly what the difference
is between these boards but they're
special they're different than mine and
yeah I'll let him tell you exactly what
all right so guys this is Nick hey what
make is uh one of the owners here at
Gilson boards tell us dude what is the
difference between like a board like
this traditional k2 and yourself yeah so
basically every object that moves
through a fluid whether it be a car a
boat a plane you name with are all
curved intelligently for a reason their
snowboards have just stayed flat and so
what we've done is we start to borrow a
lot of those insights a lot of that
research and adapt it for snow its aged
to a solid really similar in age to a
liquid and I started building you know
things that are stealthy or a faster
boat things are more fun to write heck
yeah
that's steel edge is still super sharp
but it's lifted up so if you go to board
slide a rail for example you're not
going to touch steel to snow and when
you are riding down the mountain there's
just like edge to edge you guys to ride
flat fly your steel you can butter
around get a super surf you ride in the
middle swing your tail like a surfer in
black ocean but then when you want that
edge you're engaging the only touch
Steel's snow anyone all right
dudas board is water
you guys it's so cold literally takes
your breath away I had to bring a big
fat handful of tissues to keep drug
binode from leaking into my face nice
but listen this Gilson bored yo
seriously my first run with it and I'm
not getting anything out of this but
first run with it
I haven't felt so stable on a board yet
this thing is awesome that lipid that he
was talking about is really really
something I had to hurry up and get back
on by myself I'm actually I'm a chair by
myself but uh yeah I want to do another
run before I gotta take this back to
Austin what happened I got cocky well
and busted my booty let's give it
another shot okay there's your chest
tomorrow you won't be able to drop that
one good thing you found it though
oh yeah
it's approximately seven a if I mean
seven pm
we're going up to lift force how many
times twelve thirteen or thirteenth time
or eighteen this guy's about the rap
that's me alright
but uh I was cleaning out this locker
here because we had way too much stuff
to keep on us on the mountain but a
weird an absolutely total blast very
very cold today I progressed really well
for being off for over a year
Zach however I'll let him tell you the
sort
on the scale camera out of my face on
the scale of wonder I'm never coming
back
Jordan I think he's I think he's never
coming back I like the costumes I feel
bad for you though you were yeah
seriously my butt
yeah it was our first time back since
years ago a year here over hey chase
your stuffs in there oh I'm sorry guys
if my stuff's in your way you're okay
okay we it's time for us to get out of
here we got like an hour-and-a-half
Drive
let's go see what's up with the fam Oh
home at last boys did you miss me
yeah dude we're going that you're going
next time and you guys are gonna learn
snowboarding are you hype or no yeah
like no not my love I'm I'm so sore I
need you I need your help and your
guidance to fix my my muscles and my but
I fell so hard that fell so hard
Zach I had to help him right before I
left like snowboarding oh yeah you're
gonna like snowboarding you're gonna
like snowboarding yeah
no Bozek fell so hard we were on our
last run and I was like let's kill it
rose and then Zach was like Oh twice and
I had to stop and help him and but I
didn't help him up cuz he I just I for a
friend would help and stop and help dude
it was funny nobody here's the thing all
right I am literally exhausted I haven't
been so active in a while and I really
need some way need something yes
it doesn't change either the cold is
still super cold look over Annika did
this morning oh my goodness
Veronica cleaned the house it looks
wonderful my love will tackle the
upstairs
I want me to get that container this
week the
we went to my dad's to pick up that
stuff that big container we're gonna get
something like that not that big but get
a container Carson good morning oh my
feet cold what are you doing what is it
die on Oh Charlie dinner tonight I will
handle dinner for sure as I hope you
enjoyed our snowboarding footage as much
as I enjoyed actually going on
snowboarding I promise in the future the
very near future we're gonna go with
Veronica and kids and and have a fun
snowboarding trip snow tubing trip
probably the cold and the bitterness
from yesterday has taken its toll on my
voice I feel like I'm like super ask me
now but we'll get over it we'll get over
it so yeah that my friends is where
we're gonna leave you for today I want
to say thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you Ray
