my friends good morning it is a cold one
out there drop the kids off this morning
to the bus the Jeep said it was nine
degrees BRR but anyway starting off the
day with a nice breakfast if you guys
remember in one of the last videos that
I talked about how my budding dentist
said that you know I looked like I was
losing weight and we can't have that
normally I'm the kind of guy who will
wake up and like skip breakfast but we
can't have that anymore
Veronica already made smoothies for us
this morning and they were so good oh no
matter how hard it is your breakfast
so for breakfast today will be potatoes
with no butter these pans are awesome
you don't have to use any butter at all
which is really cool so potatoes with no
butter and then eggs also no butter and
I am going to use that hot sauce I'm
going to drink some more juice the
smoothies that Veronica made this
morning we're packed full of like
spinach oranges pears strawberries just
a giant fruit cocktail it's really
really good you can even tell there
spinach in there this morning Zack and I
solidified our trip we're taking a very
short trip it's about two hours away to
go to Mad River Mountain tomorrow
tomorrow morning early we're going to
leave and go snowboarding I'm pretty
excited last year I didn't get
snowboarding at all and I love it love
love love it what do you talking about
and Skeeter dictor's and dollar gain
true danger place your videos like that
yeah my amber gonna go down the dark
April picture should cater chapters
Amanda be nestled Bissel nuts Alyssa
right there
don't be rude you bad way girl there's
amber bump no bump and that's that there
that's Caleb I was I'm listening I'm
trying to convince the girls right I'm
doing it period I want to do a podcast
just
see what's going on right I want to do
podcast I think the whole radio thing
the radio show is a lot of fun have ton
of fun going into the Blitz I'm trying
to get these girls to do a podcast too
and they're like what were we talking
about this is my family that's one set
out that bad bad bad bad bad yep yep
yeah that's where I'll go mad so put in
the comment section right down there
below the like button some ideas for
them to talk about on a podcast like I
think you girls there's 20% of our
viewing audiences female so you girls I
want you to talk tell amber B nizzle
bizzle
Amanda Panda what you want to hear about
on a podcast like what would you like
that like and when do you wear when do
you listen to a podcast when you're in
the gym run on treadmill I'm not
elliptical get you sweat on right what
is it that you want to hear and it's
gonna get you off balance while you're
on that elliptical going oh my god it's
so weak Rick if they come up with some
great ideas you guys are gonna do at
least one write and try try try it you
know what else we should try cleaning up
that stanky bowl of freaking fruity
pebbles right there oh
how's that Kiwi Liza forget you you know
I'm lucky we don't worry about makini
what do you have catnip did you get that
from school yeah ah I got it from that
drawer
oh it's are you sure it's Kat let me
smell that it's Kat boo you're lucky boy
all right
return return to stock buddy for a
second there
Sharon told you well you can't go
outside and play cause it's too cold
yeah it is too cold and it stinks
because like we want to play in the snow
but it's wicked cold out eyes and iron
in here the boys are upstairs playing on
a games with their cousin stuff but I'm
trying to clean up a little bit and I
was starting to do the dishes and Liza
was not happy she kept coming over in
closing the dishwasher door and said
know what to eat an apples and those
yummy and she's on this kick of fruit
she just wants fruit to snack on which
is really good so I had to go buy some
extra fruit earlier she had Kili
now she's eatin apples instead of just
giving our apple sauce all the time for
once she wants a giant mess with it um
so yeah just fresh apples you say it
yeah you excited I got some of the
dishes loaded in there see shoes tell me
Mommy you're done loading the dishes I
was mommy done mommy done you want mommy
be done give us a pizza you ready for me
classic yeah you know we don't have to
cook it's already cooked
like a snow angel you Burgett your nose
buck are you getting that get it like
let's clean it up Oh
Oh Oh
Oh No
Oh
you broke it look wait you got a look in
there again and see if it works look
there might be something stuck in the
hose I came in from the livestream and
she what I was getting some pizza
because it looked super good and she get
down here in this little cabinet and
pulled out the pancake mix and started
pouring it all over so she she wanted to
clean it up huh
daddy helped you huh daddy helped you
high five low five whoo
I got a package it said some French on
the side it said it says fragile eh
okay okay what movie though I'll bet you
know okay let's see okay looky there
look at that we got microphone arm all
right
microphone shockmount procaster
broadcast quality dynamic microphones
look at all this stuff before what could
it be for Eliza are you just wanna get
in the log lay down on your side put
your feet like this there you go scoot
your butt down there you go watch mommy
watch mommy daddy's gonna do a magic
trick put your head down there head down
there hmm no you don't want to go ship
we were gonna ship you Eliza it was
gonna be another prank
okay ladies how are you all doing today
today we're going to talk about the most
important pressing issue which is the
lady period that's right girls we're
going to talk about the lady period and
how you can solve all those lady
problems right after this
see you guys that's how awesome your
podcast could be tell them that's
awesome their podcast could be just like
that don't y'all be jealous whoa
instantly jealous please take that off
Wow
I have an issue with my hair and
straight girls are always like I love to
have curly hair and girls with curly
hair would be like well I would just
love to have straight hair well let me
just tell you about the curly hair okay
okay I'm gonna go get an XLR you gonna
give me please where's my wife she's a
new woman tonight echo no no it's got a
ombre I see the blond of the BA yeah
she's gone but it's that kind of like
right
that's like a fromo girly but for a
bromo it got the fro on doll by Joe Dirt
they had to get home Liza she's sitting
there she's got my phone blankie pillow
you're sitting on my phone watching Baby
Einstein what happened
she loves Baby Einstein
all right tell the gladiators goodnight
mm-hmm
oh that's my cute little darling
and yes it's morning look we got
Veronica making us some breakfast
trying not to burn it honey you're doing
a fantastic job she's making us food
before we leave on our snowboarding
adventure uh just so we have some energy
to get out there and here's the thing
like I realized see we have a bunch of
snowboarding here
Veronica got me into it she helped me
pick out all my initial stuff and I had
these awesome they're called ride the
brand is ride pants and they're perfect
for snowboarding but I can't find them
honey where'd they go I think they're in
your car oh I want to make a cool
snowboarding videos ACK you're gonna do
some back flips triple tuck quadruple
1080 I was obviously gonna attempt maybe
like a front flip but I can't be serious
a front flip
tell me you can slide a rail let me see
tell me you're gonna actually like hit
the terrain park are you serious yeah
it's been a couple years but I think
once I get out there maybe our laugh-in
I should be able to do some pretty cool
stuff okay so what that means guys is be
excited because tomorrow we're gonna
have an epic fail video ha ha ha that's
where we have to in the video for today
so guys want to say thank you
all ohh so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
our
