what is happening my friends good day to
you welcome back sorry for the break in
the vlogs but sometimes you guys you
just gotta you just gotta take a break
season seriously though Eliza you are
the camera daddy show you her purse and
then be down the middle well the hair
kind of you're growing so big you see a
long last so the kids are at school boys
and I was the president I mean it's
snowing it's not snowing crazy we were
supposed to get four inches of snow
which I don't think we'll get poor
inches oh no way oh there's stuff coming
honey can I say you look absolutely
beautiful right now
therefore guys this is my wife I just
love you so much you're getting ready to
head out right yep what are you doing my
grandpa they moved him from the hospital
to like a rehab facility to help him
regain regain his strength so he can go
back home give him all my love and the
grandma as well but we'll give you an
update on his his progress poor guys
been through a lot in the past month
so so yeah Lisey you won't have fun with
mommy I know you will okay Let me kiss
oh you're so cute
bird so I gotta take a little trip to my
parents house because they're doing some
work on their basement and back when I
started my project my dad let me borrow
a bunch of stuff and he's gonna need it
so taking them all these tools back
we're gonna go see what they're up to
hard part is I I can't really remember
what all he let me borrow boy you guys
it's super super cold the last few days
it was like 50 and then yesterday and
today and for the next I don't know week
or so that's gonna only be high of like
20 degrees it's so like when you come in
here and this office the pellet stove
has got a feeling so nice ahh
there's no substitute for a flamin hot
stove right it right in here
I might catch a girl's mom what if I
catch a ghost hot air rises it doesn't
go down it's mom I love you mom mom I
love you mom okay so check this out my
dad sounds really busy really busy
working on this basement of ours which I
don't think I've ever been down here
with you guys and frankly we don't
really come down here ever because it's
creepy look at the wallpaper it's like
old check this out
old school basement my dad's been
working on it getting a bunch of old
crap out of here look how old displaces
look who passes crap in their basement
you'd never guess this was down here
being upstairs dirt floor actually over
here in this space right here is where I
used to keep letting all of my extra
stuff because I've moved out and then
moved back in the sunshine but this was
all my stuff and not alcohol this kind
of cool though making progress yeah you
can't even stand straight up down here
and to get over to this side this is so
weird
it's been like years I'm talking at
least 10 15 years since I've been down
in this basement
it sounds like death by my I love you I
have to leave because my kids are at
home I will yeah it's not very bad this
is what we need at my house maybe not
that big because our house doesn't have
all that extra crap there is quite a bit
but my big dumpster like that take care
of all this stuff that's what we need
someone nailed a deer ooh
cops it's funny the cops out here
actually take care of that make reports
on that or whatever you'd be surprised
the amount of deer struck on this
particular road is is baffling there's
one quick short visit to my mom's house
I didn't realize how close it was to the
kids getting out of school
yeah we're gonna get home so check this
out Zacks here right Zacks here and we
were just discussing going where you
know yes we do so worried she was gonna
snow boarding this weekend I've been
learning about going snowboarding for
past couple weekend but we just couldn't
line it up but would be super awesome if
we went snowboarding this weekend echo
easy girl Holly if you guys remember I
think was last winter we took the kids
snow tubing over at her grandpa super
nice low-key hills and then maybe we can
go snow tubing at grandpa's and we go
snowboarding it matter at her mountain
apartment would be a super fun weekend
I've been waiting for this know for it
for a while boy boy hey boy do you want
to go snow tubing yeah you understand Oh
tubing this weekend yeah what are you
playin swords
what I mean
I was immediately spotted nothing really
Zack you suck dude forever forever we're
like what is he doing sit in the Jeep
he's not my father to me oh you're
texting me I didn't even have my phone
ladies and gentlemen I present to you my
snow boots look at these big giant look
at that
it's funny how big my leg looks in these
stupid boots but these are the perfect
choice of footwear for when the weather
is doing exactly what it's doing outside
right now which I don't think I showed
you but it's really coming down like a I
look like a soldier like a military guy
or something especially with this short
haircut I'm sorry it looks weird it
looks I didn't mean for it to be that
short for crying out loud we haven't
seen snow all year like a it's super
light fluffy - you can't even make a
snowball hmm we're about to sabotage you
dude Oh what happened
really yeah there's some icy spots out
there man so those are dudes in the farm
behind me as soon as I hit that little
different there I slid nervous thinking
it is started oh he's trying to run stir
him no very good Zach you gonna take her
for a ride amber take you for a ride
amber
it does smell like a lot of fresh everyn
jeez I'm so cold holy moley here Scott
are you enjoying the fun zone check out
my hold on check out my my skills right
here I was just trying to show Scott I
didn't record it cuz I'm I'm still very
unsure about my drumming skills but let
me just lay it down for you real quick
hello this is chase Gilroy that was
Chadwick Chad just showed up our musical
friend Chad hey there is Chad's here
alright let's play some music you can
scare him
it's pretty awesome right I mean whoa
I'm gonna talk to you guys about this
little later because my desk is really
really I'm trying to work out some
things but yeah yeah bring it up ah I
was sorting through this hard drive last
night and I came across something you
would probably want to see did you take
the picture this picture no that's just
a chit no that's Yosemite did for Chad
right and the other ones the good old
days I'll show you the good old days in
a second but this is for you Chad check
it out no but I figured you would want
to keep this as like a you know like I'm
not so big
Chad used to be a beast all right Chad
as vocals similar to that of James
Hatfield Oh everybody says I'm saying
them right now
Chad's good I'll put the name right
there cross otter you guys should look
for it
listen is six foot under on there it
should be a whole album should be on
there go search cross solder finally
sauna 6 equals 6 feet under 6 feet under
and listen to that is my personal
favorite from your guys's band do you
not know something what my favorite was
one of the songs that we never really
played and it was bound by the road
that's soft but we couldn't play it live
because if anybody it was too soft
that's good one ok so back in the day
you guys remember Dennis Roman and
myself we would all go in film this was
like before the vlogs ever happened we
did a channel called serial serial
pranksters and I was in charge that
these were like the first videos that I
had ever ever edited and I watched this
one last night had brought so much back
so many good memories
it's like
it's so crazy this old stuff
I laugh so hard at these these were the
best dude
Jenna says the don't you I'm gonna skip
forward watch the Fate one of my
favorite parts of this video is when the
dudes were out there like I know I had
some long hair back then this one the
pinata we just walked up the party so we
were like yo you guys should try and
swing on this pinata and then we would
just literally rip away it's so good
we're like it's right in front of you
and it's not even there oh gosh
this is my favorite part watch this dude
wait for it wait for it right out of
left field
Oh actually that would be right field
yeah he was pretty tanked it's so funny
I was I was trying to clear all this
storage because this will be my stream
computer moving forward and I found all
that stuff and I was like wow this stuff
still exists thumbs up this video if you
want me to make a compilation of some of
the good old days and show you some of
the old footage that I got I think you
guys would really like that for sure
alright
Chad's here for one reason and one
reason only we're gonna start doing some
music like we talked about tonight we're
gonna put together some logistics and
like pick a song to start with and we're
gonna both learn it we're gonna play it
and we're gonna make some cool like
cover some videos and I think you got I
hope you guys like it
also thumbs up today's day if you want
that to happen my such the mean log
she's kind of really grumpy chase kind
of laid her down for an early nap today
and I've been waiting till like 1:00 or
2:00 she was down at like 11:00 so she
should have had a second map today which
she did not so she's kinda grumpy we're
gonna eat
what are you again cheese smoothie time
smoothie time yes we're gonna do
smoothies with the kids okay so we just
have the ice cream and the milk and pick
the fancy little bike put it on there
lock it in place turn on the power
single serve pulse oh that's good
alright ok next time I will pray I don't
like it try it how was it that is good
isn't it it is very good pick some
drinks
ok so some time has passed Chad is gone
the kids are in bed and we're just out
here kind of wrapping off the night
talking about what we want to do
tomorrow and one of the things you're
gonna do tomorrow is take the kids
sledding right with their brand-new
sleds they got for Christmas which is
gonna be super fun and check this out
Chad and I were actually I've never used
GarageBand to record music I've never
recorded music I'm not even gonna play
that for you because it still needs you
know a little bit of work but based on
what we did tonight which was like super
primitive and like really rough you know
first time together and all that stuff I
think we're gonna do some cool things
and it sounds really decent the rough
cut but I just gotta figure out how to
use I wish I knew audio
editing stuff like that so so yeah I
think I think that's pretty much gonna
wrap our evening did you guys have fun
with your smoothies did you make some
fun smoothies I know I wish I had one
dang I was out here just oh we don't
have to do it tonight we don't have to
do it tonight
yeah for sure no I should start the day
with a nice fat fruit smoothie you know
them bitumens in there I'd be awesome
cuz I need it I'm like but singing
tonight was just like the death of my
voice and I feel like a raspy - the fire
is warming up we had to turn it off so
we could record it got chilly in here
we're gonna close down shop and say
adios for the day that's all for us guys
today thank you so much for hanging in
there with us thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
