see what's happening my friends just
finishing up some work out here in the
office and playing with Eliza my little
BB Harold we're trying to figure out
what to do today because the weather is
absolute crap hey Tammy she calls that a
zombie but it is the kids last day out
of school for winter break so we're
thinking about doing some we have guests
showed up we've got Caleb and Zach and
look who's over there you guys they've
seen that guy for a while sounds like
radio in voice announcer goggles oh I
can't believe this happened we're
hunting for Veronica
hi honey Veronica's not available at the
moment
hold on I'll show you what happened
bronc veronica was actually getting in
the shower but I want to show you guys
look what happened the Liza was out in
the office and it really helps me
realize that I need to baby-proof the
office because it's not very much at all
look let Daddy take picture of your face
can you see this just a little marker
there she's too mobile looks like a dog
she was running around look with a
little ball out there and you know my
desk is like cornered into the corner
she ran right into the side of the desk
the corner of the desk right here so it
is the last day of the boys's winter
break have you guys had a fun winter
break don't you wish we had a lot more
snow than we got we should have done
some sledding oh it's all right buddy
okay before you know it summer break
will be here whoo yeah we're gonna go
out as a family to get some dinner and
just kind of I guess relax away so
basically colin has been hustling and
I'm talking about new
York City street-level style hustling us
for money to get terraria he wants us to
rarity game my DA I say I say Applebee's
gonna go to Applebee's Arby's
just say Arby's Carson want some roast
beef sandwich I don't know what that is
smell it smell that honey
smell it
she said don't honk the horn I think
it's just water on the radiator
yeah it's mega foggy yeah you can't tell
here in town but on the way here I was
like oh my gosh okay so basically we
decided to come to tumbleweed for dinner
something different we don't usually
come here Veronica and Carson wanted to
go to Texas Roadhouse
but it's always nice to switch it up
every now and again though I think no
you think old mom actually change your
mind the tumbleweed oh she did I still
prefer Texas Roadhouse but I'm okay
let's go eat I'm starving look at the
back of their shirts need a wee
now we know who's in behind that whole
Hollywood sign fiasco over New Year's
Eve
it was a total we'd start the whole time
whoa Oh scary
I'm going completely outside of my mom
and I got a chicken something burrito
right ready
refried beans and rice Veronica got the
best-looking thing that talk of salad
looks like the bomb
these dudes went standard with mac and
cheese Carson
that's a good-looking steak dude mmm
Dennis was like the third person lately
to tell me that I look like a loser he's
starting to take me like
you're ready for breakfast really gave
me a
yogurt two waffles 3 eggs three eggs and
three sausage patties and we're gonna do
an even bigger breakfast tomorrow
20 more pounds share this
why's there got a little
oh you moving in for some cheesecake I
can't watch you do that it's delicious
Isaac a little strawberry sundae
my god you stop being me I'm calling out
a chocolate sundae over there
byamba wait crew those guys are awesome
license right leave she was like making
us get out of here
by Buffalo okay okay here's the exciting
part for calling this evening he's been
really hustling like I said hustling us
to get you did what you cleaned up what
shut up poop from the yard all kinds of
other things just to earn a couple extra
bucks to reach a final goal what was it
20 bucks 20 bucks to get the game you
need in that terraria
go get us and you even tell really
very focused so warm today and now it's
being chillier
would you look at that queen baby cream
baby
Oh Liza you smell incredible
what's with the mean mug you know oh you
you little punk go dry your hair now
okay
I was coming to shop we got a bathmat to
put in here so she can't slide in the
bottom anymore which is very important
what I'm just kidding look I'm kind of
sad kind of excited because it's the end
of winter break
yeah it is a new year and with it comes
new opportunity okay we're gonna start
putting together chore charts for the
kids as they grow to another year older
and you should give them a little bit
more responsibility so that means less
playtime dedicated playtime more Shore
time why not sucks to hear as a kid but
with more chores comes the opportunity
to make some cashola like you learned
tonight you do some work you're gonna
make a couple bucks and you get what you
want so that's the lesson yeah well I'll
tell you no it's more fun and exciting
than coming on to winter break
hmmm that's going back to school from
winter break right yeah yeah and what's
even less fun than that is when it's
super cold and rainy outside pretty
awful you know what's even less fun than
that waking up feeling like you didn't
sleep at all and have a sore throat
that's right I toss and turn all night
and this one I feel like I feel like
it's finally my turn and it sucks no one
wants to be saved
oh I hope you have a fantastic first day
back you better put that in your bag
when you get on the bus okay if you
don't want people to see you playing
with zombies dangerous yeah oh yeah take
more coffee doesn't ring secure nothing
helps as much as having your wife baby
you and your sick how are you gonna stay
home today I'm feeding me chicken noodle
soup and steak that's incredibly
official sort of one's well-being I
think good girl
so I have even though I still feel like
poo there's still work to be done and
have Eliza helping me and if you guys
remember a couple days ago I showed you
that Eliza was like breaking out with
rash and she had these like hives it's
like raised hives all over well I'm
discovering something a little different
look I feel like Eliza has extremely
sensitive skin okay hold on honey let me
put this ring here look at your belly
this is just from leaning up against the
counter
so it seems like whenever she like leans
up against something or gets a small
scratch or anything like that that area
will actually become raised and very red
so her skin is like super super
sensitive and if you guys know my buddy
Zach who you see in the vlogs
periodically he has the same issue and
he's had it he said ever since he was a
kid he could literally scratch the side
of his face or any part of his body and
moments later will become a raised
almost like rash in a way so if you know
what that condition is or if you want to
do a little google search and you know
kind of be proactive in the chat
definitely let us know cuz that's
interesting and obviously not isolated
incident with Eliza other people have it
might be interested to know if any of
you watching have that condition as well
it's very weird I wonder if it'll go
where it just doesn't know she'll let me
shower are you riding your pony you're
such a princess Liza look at you that's
pretty much gonna be my day guys well
the first half of it anyway I'm gonna
try and get some rest maybe take a
little nap so I feel afterwards but of
course edit this video get up pretty
good I will say the past few days we've
had a little bit of a shorter upload
because well it's been the holidays and
we kind of wanted to split between not
uploading and enjoying the holidays it
is tough you know as vloggers we we are
typically you know expected to upload
every single day and when you don't
everyone like loses their mind they're
like oh my gosh you're not a daily
vlogger oh my gosh where's your video
which is awesome because that means and
tells me that you guys are really into
our videos and you loved seeing and
catching up with us every single day
depending on how I feel we may or may
not have an upload tomorrow if I'm super
sick which I hope it doesn't get to that
point I'll probably just take a day off
and rest and try and get as much you
know R&R as possible but as always I'll
keep you guys updated on my Twitter so
if you don't follow me on Twitter
definitely do that now it's gilroy vlogs
and yeah I think that's pretty much all
I've got for you guys today I want to
say thank
he's so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
hopefully why's that why's that why's he
gonna say Mauro come here come over here
and say it
