my friends we have an issue y'see come
here oh look at these chests it's not as
red it's coming and going Eliza is she
keeps getting these welts in this
redness me and it'll be red and it will
go away and then it'll come back and
it's just really really weird and it's
really really concerning and you're here
just in time
Veronica's gonna take her to the doctor
my key again oh thanks Liza good so he
is a fat cat it's a key cat tree dogs
know you can't climb it it's pretty
kitty yeah yeah it's true asleep in a
car so she's pretty sleepy she had to
she's seen a box of tissue since you
needed the tissue to blow her nose
that's a good job huh
you got her all checked in we're just
waiting to be called back mice Liza look
it's you sitting up there on that
big-girl bed all by yourself so the UM
tech or whatever just brought us back
and took her vitals and stuff like that
she didn't want to get up on the scale
by herself so I had to get on there and
then put her down and subtract my weight
and figure out her weight but now look
at her you're gonna try and get up there
now mm-hmm she was gonna do it but it
kind of moves a little bit so
I'm scared alright alright we're not
gonna touch everything with our yeah
knees come on here you guys sit on the
bed the doctors gonna come in come on
here he is he said that we can give her
some benadryl and he's gonna put on we
were just a roy's just see if that helps
whatever if it's a virus or something
get out in the mirror
hey guys that kind of stuff you can
probably take two like grandma's yeah so
you have to play with we need like a
donation man - nice Haziq no I'm
complimenting you and on your cowboy
hats make sure you can see kind of my
closet it's all fueled by determination
100% oh yeah
I've reached this point where I was like
here's where I've had enough and I was
like way over here and so now I'm like
me up here that he's gonna be hung to
night that's all I know what I ate for
breakfast everything's getting done you
got two bowls of Cheerios this morning
that train man looky there
the TV is off of the dresser
joy Oh what are you doing huh you
chucked it out the window
no I was joking look at look at Zach now
he's got he's rockin that oh you got it
that's not safe with that around your
neck he's fine he's an adult honey he
can make his own choice Zach boy yeah
stuff let's do this thing too much dust
in here I gotta stretch now is your
chance are you all right this is heavier
than heavier than the realization that
president not easy easy
I think it was just a water bottle
underneath I'm gonna tip this your way
no it's heavier than soon
oh good thing you stretched first
costume is awesome I love that there's
maybe so much more room for activities
in here did you come to terrorize the
room little Liza oh yeah and then baby
crying look at you she just got out of
bed that's question looks okay really
yeah dude
we're like brothers oh well this is
coming along nicely there uh well I mean
their beds still need cleared off and
everything but uh we've got a lot of
progress done in here guys this is like
this is insane so their room obviously
the closet is now where their clothes
are gonna be the bookshelf you like that
you want to keep it mommy's decided
they're gonna take these puzzles and
actually build them and then glue them
together and put them on the wall what
are you working on here's their lego bin
can you imagine
all Legos that's like that's more Legos
than I ever had when I was a kid no joke
headphone users turn your headphones
down this is very loud okay so we're
doing a full-on
demo with the boys's new setup the
chromecast is set up to their TV and we
are casting from their next book which
meaning looks a little pixely not the
highest of definitions their emergency
diagnostic on the camera because I was
just that as you saw working on setting
the boys chromecast up and the camera
just was like malfunctioning bad but a
search of the memory card it seems to be
doing well I'll show you what I think
the problem is which also prompts me to
do some like experimentation I had to
wait for the transfer to complete I had
to pull my footage off of there from
today's video but here's what's wrong
with this memory card look at this the
memory card is separating this is a
unofficial experimentation of what is
inside an SD card there is totally just
blank space all that fat part from like
the metal contacts back it's all blank
space and rip this off
but I got it whoa that's all just
plastic that's it this there you go that
is all that's inside an SD card a
normal-sized SD card anyways this is 64
gigs that's it it's pretty crazy that
you can fit all that media in just this
little piece of plastic it's pretty cool
that'd be something the Google search up
how does an SD card store information
but there you have it that's all that's
inside there they got these rainbows
right
so these Carson are just like Orbeez
have you seen Orbeez actually it's just
a different brand
yeah it's just a different bringin yeah
apparently what I learned at the store
when I got these was just like Orbeez
you put these in water and they absorb
the water and grow probably five times
their size in here but what's different
about these is they actually the longer
you let them sit out they will return to
their original shape so all the moisture
will leave them and you can reuse them
which is kind of cool but we ona before
we do anything cool with them I want to
really see how they react so before you
go to bed okay we're gonna put some of
these in a little jar and see how well
they do you actually I saw one in your
room when we were cleaning it go grab
that one Oh actually I was wrong it says
here that they will get up to 200 times
their original size
if step three says I'm the brain boughs
are grown throw them at nearby things
small brain boughs bounce fake brain
boughs explode now at the store the lady
told me that just a capful and it was a
lot just a capful it was big enough to
fill this whole container they had so
let's take just a cap and see how big
they get that's how much isn't it that's
it it doesn't even cover the bottom I
don't know how much water to put in
there maybe just you want a whole lot
yeah let's just let's just sink him dude
put it right there
keep going
let's see what they can handle okay
that's good oh okay now wait isn't good
maybe we don't want them to absorb that
much water because if they do they'll be
overflowing so let's say half of it how
big was the container they had a man
there no about that size yeah and that
was a whole cap full mm-hmm
okay Carson what we're gonna do I don't
know let these things sit overnight
right there just like that and we're
gonna see how big nigga okay
whoa look at how cool they've dude
that's inside that looks like all of
these it does doesn't it yeah they're
probably made of the same stuff but dude
that was just a cap full remember yeah
just a little cap full what should we do
with them oh pretty squeezy watch is
gonna flatten your hand that's awesome
right yeah well I say we eat some
breakfast because it is breakfast time
and oh look look everyone it's snowed a
little bit we're dying for that
that's sledding type of snowfall you
know yeah we want to get out there and
we want to go out there and sled so bad
it's like a marble yeah so yeah guys
we've been just focused on trying to get
everything like cleaned up around here
we're going through a purge and trying
to focus our time on that and getting a
lot better and having home the kids
outside of school it is Friday so we do
have a live stream tonight at 5 p.m. I
would be so honored if you guys joined
the link is in the description we always
have a lot of fun so be really cool be
showed up all right guys that's where
I'm gonna leave you forward today I
wanna say thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
