a little bit it's good so what's up guys
welcome to the vlog I'm just starting
off the day with a little bit of a well
creation check this out
Matt needed a hey like intro sequence
for his you do like drum covers yeah and
so we made this for him he said to me
the other day is I game actually you can
make like a quick intro something to
start the videos with instead of it just
being like yeah which I totally get
and that's it cams in here taking full
advantage of the basketball hoop is this
thing not the best addition to the
office ever really oh my gosh look at
these hey boys do you know what day it
is
what time it is where are we on planet
Earth you guys are in full-on like
entertainment laptop zone right now it's
kind of q2 actually I look at the three
of you just soaking in those are jeebies
we could go check out this this dirt
bike we got out in the garage if wants
the Caleb mini parked here so we get
full access to it right Caleb what are
you getting into you want to take that
tree down today Eliza do you think we
can recover some space by getting rid of
the tree yeah careful another glass one
don't pull it off leave it there just
look at it look glides his hands from
yesterday if you missed the vlog she got
her her hands were super red like she
had an allergic reaction but
everything's going away and she's back
to normal I don't know why that happened
but it did
scary man when your kids
seventy miles a gallon on this hog right
here all right cam let's see what you
got
do me a favor though don't wreck it he's
a professional driver
nothing is seriously a ton of fun even
though it's so small it's pretty wicked
nice little backyard toy my only concern
my only concern right now as if J is
back there saloon because he works there
shift and we just woke him up in that
case J we're sorry in advance look what
happened to our trampoline guys do you
know do you know if anyone did this or
was it the wind what this whole bar is
bent completely bent oh my goodness
there was some really strong wind the
past couple nights and I don't know if
the wind could do that but that's that's
bent
we had to pry the kids off their laptops
to go outside have fun and look who came
in and take over
Liza if your brother saw you up there
they would literally flip out yeah you
would he would flip out I can't fold out
ah don't make it fall down leave it up
there
alright you guys ready ready for a
birthday party
Lisey you ready to sing happy birthday
singing happy birthday alright we're
gonna get there with the quickness who's
gonna flash they're ready are you guys
ready just to be the fastest we've ever
traveled watch this isn't that the best
way to travel yeah like faster than this
beautiful light right well look look
we're just in time yeah it's cake time
hurry go get out there
would you quit look at her look I'm
sorry I'm tired
check this out so my dad got the new s7
which is incredibly hot like this phone
had a warning on it just a minute ago
that said something about temperature
overheating he got the gear VR with it
and we're trying to set it up so I was
trying to go through the process of
doing all this hey don't bother using
that cut because we've already redeemed
it but we're gonna we're gonna give Deb
is the first vr experience Chase is
teaching its father how to and just work
with yes we are hits it thing whose
spoon I downloaded a aquatic riffs I
think this one's called
but he's going through the process of
now to offering that that's it anywhere
up down all around and just explore I
guess you can swim with that you know if
you blow out really move your feet
hunting yeah just throw that anywhere
Liza would you get daddy's phone she
threw my phone straight down there in
the dog hair this did you guys like VR
VR school now you're gonna have to
download a bunch of new games and like a
roller coaster all thank you sweetheart
the roller coaster won literally made me
on
I would try it wait what time is it we
should pray for chess whoa and just like
that it's morning you know what I mean
like it's it's already today and you
know what we have a we have a hold on
bitch I cloud this what it's time to go
right we're taking it down I didn't want
to do without you guys because I would
have done that yesterday seriously so
yeah we're taking this down I've moved
the boys desks out of the way because
we'll compare taking up a lot of space
and we're gonna get this house whipped
up into shipshape right now take one
last good look kids at our beautiful
Christmas tree
it's kind of sad guys are you guys sad
well it is the end of yet another
Christmas season and it was fun everyone
had a great holiday but I can't wait to
get some space back yeah there you go
we'll come back for you later pine
needles and I may have spilled a little
bit of water right there huh you see the
water in here you see it our living
rooms been shut down for since Christmas
basically yeah so I think that's where
we're gonna leave these guys here today
what do you think yeah we're gonna start
a new one we're gonna go have to be fun
outside long we can get this done you
know good amount of time right yeah yeah
trust me we've got some work to do so
that my friends is where we're gonna
leave before today I want to say thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
