what is happening everybody welcome to
our vlog for today Eliza just was back
here saying where's Cameron Danny I feel
like Eliza is as into our vlogging as we
are it's just a Liza night today the
boys have gone to spend the night with
their cousin we are going to take care
of some crucial stuff today which is
picking up boxes and I'll explain why a
little bit we need some boxes and we
also need some food and buy get some
food I'm in White Castle well thank you
chick right here looks exactly like my
sister but blonde hair exactly isn't
that weird
have you ever noticed that you've ever
run into someone you meet and they look
exactly like someone else they call it
doppelgangers bye see you got booboo you
and a kiss it let me see Oh what is that
it's uh it's all dried let me see oh my
goodness are you you're really trying to
get that aren't you
she don't wanna wait you're being such a
good girl Liza look she was like she
told me she wanted yogurt this kids
loves yogurt and cereal yeah yes ma'am
actually found one of the guys talking
catch them I figured go back and get
some boxes for me the big ones I guess
the reason what we need boxes for is to
kind of package up I'm mounting up the
kids toys too much we can't even take
their new Christmas stuff upstairs
because there's just so much stuff up
there that they don't use so we're gonna
box bunch of it up and give it away
yeah
you want to take it out oh you're
opening it already yeah
your hair is something else look at you
that's what's hiding under here oh you
on donut huh you're gonna have it doing
that oh how can I not give you a donut
sweetheart you have got to be kidding me
Doritos loaded with jalapeno cheese Wow
does that make you happy oh you're so
polite such a big difference between
today's weather and yesterday yesterday
I mean the day after Christmas right was
64 degrees here in Ohio I I don't recall
ever being able to walk outside in just
a t-shirt the day after Christmas here
in Ohio wise to talk me into giving her
a doughnut that good I don't know can
you guys see this on camera look at her
hand
look how red her fingers are right over
turn it over there you go what the heck
Liza I'm really concerned by this like
why are her hands all the same super red
yeah let me see you drop this bag oh let
go
that one looks red too i'm really
weirded out right now yeah yeah have you
guys ever seen anything like that before
all of a sudden just out of the blue the
just the tips like you can see hold on
hold your hand out up here isn't it very
red but from her knuckles to her
fingertips
just got super super red
the Fargo dr. mommy is on the case where
you got I don't know I was thinking open
mouth my infant mouth is more like I
heard it from all I can smell it from
all the way over here oh my god
why look at this I took her socks off
from clothes like is her feet the same
way look when I took her socks off
they're her feet were all normal but as
she's had her sock off this one toe was
going all red look at that oh honey what
is happening to you right now oh I'm
scared
this doesn't really look as red as it
was before
you sure did didn't you
what one year old have you ever heard
proclaim I Eliza have farted I mean I've
never heard a one-year-old say poop I
farted whoo I taught you well
high five you wouldn't leave me hanging
like that
ah really you are you are surely rotting
here I'm gonna threaten and you give me
five ah that's Oh Liza you like your
rocky horse I can't even take it every
single day she gets cuter and cuter and
cuter this little girl I don't know what
it is man the stark contrast between
raising boys and raising girls it is
true what they say the girls definitely
wrap daddies around their little fingers
what do you want
what do you want are you seeing thank
you for your bed I got to do some dishes
or else I can't cook some food and
Veronica got brand new cooking like
about pans and pots and stuff break
those Veronica passed out on the couch
she's so tired she actually said she
didn't feel good
we're just perfect huh go where can't go
Oh where'd she go I see you what
of course you have to watch like new
pans and stuff when you get them which
we did and why Megan's oats Underpants
also I tried these Dorito stuffed
burrito deals look how amazing that
looks also filled with like a nacho
cheese perfect um excuse me can you pull
your pants up I tried so hard
oh my belt is falling apart and my pants
I need my belt and walking out here with
my pants all right so challenge is a
basketball shoot off
and what are the stakes I'll bet you're
wondering
I don't know what the stakes are yet
stakes for this championship basketball
free throw challenge is as follows
whoever loses with the least amount of
points has to do all the dishes every
day for a week I was hoping it would be
go to bed early really that's not a
punishment all right really I mean all
right here we go
I think the stakes are pretty clear okay
it's dishes for a week yeah thirty
seconds on the clock however many points
you can get very technical it's gonna
start going
talk about your all-time backfires wait
what is this punishment what's the
stakes for him you're gonna show you do
this oh yes oh wait till you get off
dude
no it's but it's fine I'll wait till you
go I won't do like like it's loser
bracket to okay so you lost so that
means you play the winner in the next
game perfect yeah what if you lose
ultimately if you lose that means you
have to come to my house for a week and
new dish all right we'll see what
happens all right all right let's go
again
okay hey I gots it since I lost the new
laws that means we have to verse each
other again yep
cuz we're both the losers yeah but he
won so he stays in and faces the other
wise are you alright so if you lose then
yeah yeah cuz you've lost twice and she
plays the winner of our game but if she
loses then it's between you two because
I know I'm probably okay
thank you guys
I was trying to be a gentleman she
struts Peter
she kept rubbing on both she kept
stacking on our side you did good
congratulations this is seven days Oh
get this hold on pause it you can't
pause it get this we put up our nest cam
right inside the house check this up
we're already catching the dogs being
little poop heads again right here on
this camera we're coming out here to
play all right Eckersley all right soon
as they leave I'm going for it don't
give a rip I'm going for it oh my gosh
murder echo you are a bad girl like as
soon as the door closed she was up her
she's like all right they're gone oh no
better better better his name bad dog
echo
that man and look you see their food
balls right there they're full of food I
think it's time to pull in some like
serious equipment and by that I mean
some shock treatment more like sketchy
about that and I get it you know what I
mean like I get it you don't want to sit
there and obviously shock the crap out
of your dog don't lay on the floor like
no that's not the point
just a little fat let them know who's
boss and what they're doing wrong I
think that's important it needs to be
done because echoes she's not responding
to crane my poor thing she's so sweet
here well look it's 1100 make a wish
1111 you know what I read I read that
when you constant consistently see the
time 11:11 somewhere that means you're
on the right path okay you're doing what
you should be doing okay it is a sign of
love so if you do see that time all the
time
just know that you're on the right path
you're not there yet but you're getting
there
all right it's time for some magic that
thing is a monster
you asked for this for Christmas it's
like a juicer mixer blender nutribullet
everything extreme all-in-one breakfast
in a bottle type thing are you gonna
make some smoothies mm-hmm do we have
stuff to make smooth right now try some
smoothies from the six six rotating
blades all at once I call it a ninja
because there's all these samurai swords
in there well we're gonna have to use
that thing at some point today and look
who's home
I'm a boys and Noah spending the night
tonight Oh is he hooking you up you know
the the right URLs to make you guys
happy in tomorrow's video we're gonna go
through and have some fun we're gonna do
some activities we're gonna play some of
the games the kids got look at this like
we're gonna have to have a nerf war and
just show off all the fun toys that you
know I want to play with that's the only
reason cuz I want to play with so that
my friends is where I think we're gonna
leave you poor today oh my gosh it's so
bright thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here
