oh my god what'd you get I laugh look
first thing I open is my image I'm
jealous of your pajamas isn't my ugly
Christmas pajamas
haha what'd you get over there : like
her first oh I see oh my
mommy mommy baby oh my gosh you guys you
must have done something right this year
to get a laptop spending time with our
baby you think that's it wait
I am safely I have at the North Pole
with the other elves the reindeer
mr. and mrs. Claus Christmas with your
family is so much fun I will miss you
all remember to be good all through the
year
Merry Christmas mr. doe hmm
mr. spell said that yep
he wrote it before he left
this will only always remind me of mr.
Stokes yeah I got coffee don't get a lot
on Richard letters okay you want me to
open that song
all right are you sure not a lie I mean
if you want to open it on camera you're
more than welcome to own camera things
in here I hope you like them
under our machines and more redwood
that's pretty cute up yellow in the Tao
green room wrapping other presents more
paper and it's wrap again you made it
you made it to the prize wait wait oh oh
you must know daddy really well there's
zeg all right this is awesome thing hmm
oh I do huh I was worried that nothing
was said Merry Christmas like here's
some pans get in the kitchen couldn't I
actually ask for right you did I did see
I was listening this one comes straight
from my heart
Bingley song explain why that's so what
is it we go through pizza cutters like
toilet paper around here see we love
pizza and amber Bob Collins where I know
look at him oh sorry I go oh those are
family oh one more present and this
one's actually really special ha ha ha
ha ha ha
oh dang it
you guys do you love her hey dude what's
at first set of wheels boy and Larry O's
so we're getting we're getting stuff
ready to go to his mom and dad's we have
to leave like within a couple minutes
and look I think Oh puppy likes her new
puppy bed do like it echo oh this to her
spot where she always lays anyways are
you so happy she has a little ball Alton
there's angel
there's angel where's your bed where's
your bed do you like your bed is it
comfy okay friends it is Christmas
morning and as per the usual we always
go to my parents house to open presents
and stuff over there directly after we
do Christmas morning here
is look at the boys helping out my mom
passing out presents look like Al's look
at them next year big enough like PJs
yeah becoming quite a little crystal
subgroups you're trying to ride the
horsey that is kind of your size but
look you can have your babies right in
basketball
you did look what the babies ride it
yeah we got put her feet in the air what
I got
what did she get Oh bro these are all
you with me you gotta watch me Pokemon
up these are always like that
in their way what is that oh
she's hiding hi
she's like Darius okay we'll take the
box home Liza you don't put your foot in
the stirrups come on girl proper proper
form here Oh
what's your name or first time Megan
what's the name the Lawrence morning
this is your first time are you taking
the torch oh well we're we got we got
this see so I want to tell you a story I
feel like since this Christmas morning
we got to tell you a traditional story
right this is something that we've
always done for years and years and
years after we open presents grandpa
would come out here he can make us
Western eggs they're called Western eggs
because of the ham and the onions inside
them save me a spot but grandpa as I was
getting older you can't stand that long
so now we have to do we have to do it
ourselves another funny story that I
kind of want to share with you okay the
Josh and I can kind of go back on for a
number of years when we used to live in
a farmhouse where the ground we were
much younger we would wake up Christmas
morning and go downstairs and try and
get into our presents for our parents
didn't want that we had these pocket
doors that separated the living room
from the dining room and every Christmas
morning we were go downstairs and our
parents would literally lock us out of
the Christmas arena what did they do to
the pocket doors take the
shut they taped the pocket doors shut
what we would do is there's a front door
that went right into the living room
so the night before we would unlock that
door so that knowing they would close
those pocket doors and walk us out we
just went around outside we're just
going to run outside to the front door
did you know we did that these are
that's what I said what do you know
yeah take your wife's lights together -
I didn't really notice No
anyone remember this guy right here
original Atari games Oh Space Invader
I'm sorry mom sorry mom Merry Christmas
Mary you're clearly enjoying your games
I'm not I'm just saying thank you and
Merry Christmas and that you're enjoying
your games and so we're gonna take the
kids home and enjoy ours but you're more
than welcome to come over and have hot
chocolate and watch a movie with us
later if you want
I'm due to Dallas and you too dad you
have been act real good still Christmas
Day obviously it's dark out now but uh
we came down to malls to eat some food
mom all my love it was delicious
yeah we just skip through all that
because well we just wanted to kind of
we just want to enjoy some Christmas you
know we just want to enjoy it live in
the moment you not carpe diem are you
guys having a fantastic Christmas of
course a horse is a horse of course you
don't like my pants show everybody my
pants look at these they're the joggers
from American Eagle he has a black pair
like I'm let the red are like whoa there
are like whoa look my hair move when I
say that whoa yeah I do look quite silly
with the big old boots and skinny old
girl
hey if you're comfy and more yes I think
I would make a copy right now mother um
I was going to but he went bottom
himself mmm
Louisa wait oh good I don't know well
kids is currently five past ten almost I
I just want to know how did you feel
your Christmas win this year guys good
did you have a nice Christmas
yeah it is time for you guys get some
sleep everyone was up yeah we're all
pretty much delirious the kids had a lot
more asleep but we we did not have a
lastly so we're uh we've been very busy
today we're very very fun day and it's
not for these kids to go to sleepy
mmm good more that's right it is morning
it is the following day and I'll say man
we had to check out after that last
night what a day
Christmas is such a like such a
wonderful day first of all we had a
really really good time hanging out with
all the family and let's not forget
opening presents look Eliza's out here
right now
playing with her little grocery cart
thing good dad Liza ah you do love your
toys
look our living room is still a crazy
mess but the boys are super into their
Christmas presents did you guys have an
amazing Christmas or what yeah yeah
clearly we need to work on getting all
this stuff like open and put away and
stuff like that it's it's insane how
much they got for Christmas this year
it's crazy we need to actually get rid
of bunch of the boys stuff in their room
box up moved around so we can alright
I'll get you some juice I hope you guys
all had a fantastic holiday we do
appreciate you guys will probably hold
on to this video until the day after
Christmas just so we can kind of you
know catch our breath a little bit and
enjoy the enjoy the holiday and that my
friends is where we'll leave you for
today thank you so much for watching
happy holidays we can't wait to see you
right back here
