hey everybody this is the day before
Christmas Eve and yes I am out shopping
trying to finish up getting everything
that I need
first I am just stopping at gas okay I
had to refuel the car so I could Bank it
places wouldn't run out of gas cuz that
would be embarrassing
let me tell you the traffic out today is
insane I'm in a rush so I can get home
and relieve chase of the kids and then
he can go out and finish his shopping so
trying to hurry look how cool that is
that's all you can get everything
organized raw I really only got again a
few things now some stocking stuff
stuffers
paint it to the ball here and I just
gotta get a couple of things in here and
then I'm done chase are you texting me
saying
it's our Emperor II oh my gosh either a
giant horse okay so I thought I was done
but I'm coming in this one last door to
hopefully find something for my mom I
know it's something she wants can't
really tell you hi Lizzie kik-kik
hey dancing hi puppies hey no jumping
stay down stay down you're being unfair
with your time today look it's almost
five o'clock and I still got you the
place room all of it why why however if
this is my good deed for the holidays
okay
ready watch this is how you do it
get out every single person in there
just got a chance to win one maybe ten
all the day lucky times five went up to
$20,000 that's a chance and every single
person had a huge smile on their face
dude that was awesome that was awesome
that's a good example of what you should
be doing this holiday season and that
spreading smiles people we just got to
the parking garage up in Easton yeah
back at Easton again
I bought a bunch of like lottery tickets
what I'm taking at least two of them and
scratch right now see how much - all
right let's go we technically got
everything that we needed but I came to
this spot like when you come and get
these types of ornaments they
personalized them for you and
I took it up there and I had them do the
deal right but we left without it so
this is what I got Veronica I can show
you guys this just a couple days away
and we'll probably put it on the tree
but there it is
the Gilroy's Christmas ornament you know
what that is you see what Dad is go
when's the lesson this is Back to the
Future right now because there's
probably so many germs on that like this
call free golf read nah but after all
the searching finally found some onesies
but they're like trolls and superheroes
I did however find myself a beanie
because it's like raining outside now I
just want to give a very special shout
out to this lady right here Shannon from
Walmart whoa big help tonight thank you
so much Sam thanks so much I literally
just had Veronica paged
are you miss Veronica yeah your party is
waiting in toys as soon as I heard that
we both laugh and she looked at me like
are you Veronica yeah that's me and that
would be my husband though baby and I'm
at Walmart and some calling me on my oh
let's just face it it's Christmas and
we're trying to get everything done as
quickly and as efficiently as possible
with only a very little bit of time to
spare final words for the vlog today I
love you guys I know what Talmud is
thanks for hanging with me 1290 really
yeah okay so basically what we need to
do is go home and we need to actually
wrap Oh presents we bought so my friends
that is where we're gonna leave before
today in Walmart I want to thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here
tomorrow
