so from one parking lot to the next
today I'm out here just trying to get it
done guys and I hope you guys are I hope
you're all prepared for for Christmas
that's coming up this Christmas and I
feel like Santa
I just love Gander Mountain looking for
such things and and I was trying to kill
time waiting for a response and over
text and I was checking out some of the
handgun and I've always wanted a 1911
model pistol okay they're 45 caliber and
the guy I asked and I was like if you
had if you had a manufacturer choice
between a 1911 model what would it be
and he said Kimber I got to hold and
pull trigger on a Kimber and I gotta say
I have a new favorite a new desired gun
the Kimber 1911 if you get a chance to
go into like a firearm store for those
of you in the US hold a Kimber and try
and try that thing out oh my gosh it's
so nice but I'm not out here looking for
things for me I'm finishing this today
alright alright we're getting it done I
can't show you what I'm holding but just
know that we just finished on the way
out actually I met a guy who recognized
me John
supposed to shout you out your son's
awesome I didn't want to do it I had to
I'm starving I'm literally starving
running out of time had to get
McDonald's today I hardly ever get
picked on but if are you giving John's
right first thing I go for is that tasty
chicken no you oh is that for me oh you
dropped it oh yeah you Mickey Mouse can
you hear that she says Mickey Mouse so
perfectly
we got a hurry Lizzy Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse yeah so Liza came the babysitter
for just like if you are today and I had
to rush and do all the things that I
just finished doing so I can pick her up
before I had to go home and get the boys
off the bus which is in one minute
where's mouth
check this out this has been a building
in this area like a staple in this
community right here for a long long
time and it's just gone
this morning it was here and within a
matter of what four hours five hours
four hours it's gone that's crazy and
look who showed up and went straight to
cooking dinner Veronica Vaughn show
heart want to touch the chicken did you
get it you didn't get it did you I got
it Matt's here and it's time for is the
drum practicing I wait you can't go out
there yet I gotta go first
all right Carson is that comfy crazy is
that did you just throw the ball at me
that's it that's it that's it that's it
Oh careful the rug burn watch it now all
right so we just skip fast all of the
drum lesson I was doing some research on
my computer and Veronica's like actually
if I could put her textual
representation into words it would be
like this what's that necessary Colin oh
my gosh we gotta go in and eat before
Veronica eats one of our faces off look
at this oh my gosh this is shake and
bake chicken made by blurryface all
dirty chicken Matthews
by hi browning sir honey it looks and
smells and tastes delicious I hope you
know that what do you think Matthew I
love it love it
what are you doing to my daughter stop
you're hurting her oh I see
wisey hey before we go to bed I have
this package here I had this package
here from Amy budget and that is the
correct pronunciation trust me I know
you guys want to open it before we go to
bed
I mean before where the kids go to bed
are we blurry again this camera
sometimes it does its own thing okay
guys bring it in when I check the post
glass we had only one single package and
it was from Amy who actually lives here
in Ohio so I thought before I checked it
again before Christmas this week I
thought you guys mean to me I have many
rough days in a lot of depression and
you guys make me feel happier like
anything can be conquered you see great
things for you all in the future I pray
every night that success will happen for
your family I can't wait to see the
vlogs from your I'm
then venture that Chase will take you
all to morrow 400k will be the beginning
but greater things will happen thank you
for sharing your lives with us
take care the presents are too open now
of course okay good because I was and it
says may the feelings of love and peace
be with you during Christmas and
throughout the year throughout the new
year it's one it's on the top of the box
we'll just go right in line this one is
for you let's see new drumsticks whoa
wait a second Oh series line up
drumsticks
dude that is ride I would have to say
Amy that is super cool point something
with them he knew it from the get-go yes
yes I know these packing peanuts are
annoying that's why I put them in a box
note to Eliza have Adam girl make a mess
haha joking
very good he needs it freely freidy's
five nights at Freddy's wall that makes
more sense
pretty fast bear on that that's super
cool how did Amy know that you like five
nights at Freddy's I have no idea me
neither
that's a nice wallet dude I know solid
first of all yeah thanks Oh wha Amy
flashy and kittens
oh the man the legend to chase coffee
Starbucks Paris you can't go wrong
Starbucks and that wasn't a bad choice
Amy now coffee is coffee and dark roast
is dark roast and as long as it's dark
and it's hot and I'll drink it with that
hazelnut creamer and so delicious good
morning oh it was already interested the
puppies
the puppies say thank you Amy thank you
I hope it's one of those packaging
tricks where just keeps boiled down to
like oh look at that would you look at
it take a look at that would you just
look at what do you thank you Amy
one one thousand wait Oh 1/10 carat real
diamond
holy moly holy moly lack of time sorry
money Waikato II you Liza this is for
you turn around look this is your
present open it it's a surprise
look at those sticks that is so cool
looks good
peanuts look you like those tea nuts so
everyone's having fun the kids have one
more day of school left this week and
it's it's gonna be exciting tomorrow if
tomorrow plays out the way I think it
will we may have another we're gonna get
this mess cleaned up
everyone's gonna play with their new
stuff and Amy thank you again so much so
yeah that my friends is where we are
going to leave you for today thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
