so the problem with being a huge
procrastinator you go out and you try to
find those last-minute Christmas gifts
they've been waiting to pull the trigger
on and they're not available not to
worry I have a couple of other ideas up
my sleeve that I think are gonna be
really really good all that not being
able to find stuff stressing me out
had to stop in for a bite to eat kind of
level my mind out it's really hard to
vlog and like do Christmas stuff and not
give away anything I already know what I
need to get Veronica but the kids that's
the tricky one mmm that was good and I
look around here as I'm in town I see
all these people running around like
they have the same issue and I feel like
you might as well so I've come up with a
couple of like last-minute gift ideas to
share with you
it might be of some help let's say
you're buying for a musician something
as simple as like drumsticks or guitar
picks or a guitar cable it might be just
right if you're shopping for a known
gamer a very widely acceptable Universal
gift would be a new controller but you
have to know whether they're playing
with Playstation 4 or Xbox one so you
know which one to get exactly and the
hottest newest games out right now would
be Forza horizon
we've got battlefield one got Call of
Duty infinite warfare
what's the next hottest game right now
Dead Rising for let me also say guys
that when you're considering Christmas
gifts it doesn't always have to be
something that is largely expensive or
very very valuable I think some of the
best gifts come from they come from the
heart something like a sentimental value
or a personal like or maybe even an
inside joke
I think those types of gifts are way
more impactful than spending four or
five hundred dollars on a game console
or some electronics so keep that in mind
ah
gift cards that's right if you don't
know exactly what somebody wants gift
cards can almost be the absolute next
best thing so whether it's a night out a
date for them at Applebee's
I just find a way to figure out what it
is they like what kind of stores they
like shopping at and the gift card can
be just the ticket to give someone the
gift of an experience like tickets to
their favorite music concert or I mean
even a restaurant having a gift card to
be able to do something in the future is
almost a really really good gift
regardless yeah those are just a couple
ideas of quick gifts that you could give
if you are running out of time which but
at this point you are this weekend we
had a Saturday was 52 degrees which is
really weird this time of year
back down to 2400 I have done what I
need to do without giving you guys too
much information because I can't spoil
it and the vlogs but it feels really
good to give you guys a much much better
to give giant Christmas then receive I
know you've probably heard that before
and it really is true like it is better
to give than to receive so don't be that
greedy person think you'd mind mind mind
what am I gonna get what am I gonna get
think more about what you can give to
somebody how can you make their holidays
better how can you brighten up somebody
else's Christmas
I told Veronica that when I got home we
would want to do Christmas pictures by
the tree every year I come up with some
sort of like photo Christmas card design
and it's time for us to do that so I can
get them printed do you want this one
with the birdies hmm we walked in on out
there picking these are options for
Lisey
yeah that's super cute woah that's super
cute whoa that's super cute guys likes
this some dog chow
this will be our first official
Christmas like photo shoot Eliza I mean
we did we did some pictures of her for
the first Christmas but not like
poseable pictures which were hoping to
get she has been pulling this camera out
lately and actually turning it on and
she'll flip up the screen and look at it
cause she sees me do it I'm sure
she's like very very interested in the
camera we're gonna see how this goes
Lizzy you look super cute honey you look
super cute did we take the sweater off
no no no you what's so funny boy you can
see how this is so difficult I mean it's
fun but try oh she's got an itch we're
trying to get pictures with the dog -
angel sit sit hack was like oh me okay I
can't just got her picture taken what a
cool they're trying to get ones with
angel all right call him take your dog
out there Angel City angel sit there you
go folder hold her head it up don't look
like you're choking our angel oh yeah
puppy you are so cute you are so cute
angel
here your smile it's still come here
girl this girl girl look here next time
I come in cuz they're gonna beat you
down London come on you and you're gonna
be so cute George
she's like heck nice to half my goodness
she's like someone's got food juice box
okay and a nice little chill family such
turn into amber and all our kids over
here no photos
you gonna savage photo savage sibling
photo right here is that how you treat
your sister to be ause a picture we like
and we're just like standing still okay
welcome to the after party after party
that's right
right now what do you want alright guys
that's a wrap
we are done on holiday pictures 2016
good job amber good job you want to see
the one of you and Liza I'll send it to
you special thing so my man chase I have
your word vlogs
nice you guys should shout him out in
your youtube channel I feel bad I
promised Terra sucker for being a really
good girl doing photos for us what you
did excellent job Eliza to all the
gladiators in the whole family of
subscribers yeah so the kids are in bed
we're out here like brainstorming listen
guys let them do you what to do yeah
let our failed life lessons be learning
experiences for you okay yeah
the lesson today is definitely don't
procrastinate and I'd love to hear your
stories we're like you've waited till
the last minute and it totally backfired
on you so let that be the question of
the day leave down in the comments tell
me a quick story and don't go too long
with it cuz it'll cut cut some of your
comments off but let me know in the
comments a story where you waited to the
last minute and it totally backfired on
you do you have one huh current
situation way more people wait till the
last minute than you realize yeah and we
got some family pictures done not only
with us but for Amber and her kids too
which was really nice I hope you guys
are really pumped because the Christmas
the Christmas holiday is this weekend so
the grind is happening right now
well guys that is where we're leaving
for today thank you so much for watching
I can't wait to see you right back here
