why'd you do that I totally forgot it
hey welcome to the day I'm out here with
my mama hi guys and we're doing some
very last-minute Christmas shopping
the best kind I haven't even started
Christmas shopping I got my spike done
we have one week till Christmas Eve I
got a lot to do let's go look guys
there's a glove it's frozen - wow that's
so slippery it's frozen to the ground
oh this parking lot is like an
ice-skating rink
like from where all the ice we got is
snow and then it rained and then melted
all the snow and then refroze all the
wet and it's super slippery we're
getting some stuff done oh there we go
we're getting some stuff done I can't
show you what's back there in the cart
but I'm looking at the dog dog products
now
ah I failed on that one look at the
Amber's you joined up you gotta be
Christmas shopping done no no me neither
yeah we better stuff in store number one
and we worked up some hunger so we're
going here to Longbourn
I'm sorry honey don't be jealous look
how delicious this adult juice yeah
mom's got tea and she's like so much
better than with juice too let me get
this blueberry get that blueberry amber
cheese fries those are filming cheers
Cheers
and well well there is a little
something in my mom
but from each of our blades okay
yeah her Paul would say we lost amber I
just seen her walk by I found you I need
something from the top shelf and it's
like actually leaning over the other
side of the shelf do you want me to find
the climate here go mom's going to her
booth oh my god oh I didn't
goodbye we lost mom she went one way and
I won another in yellow for Amber mom
mom mom
it turned our wake that's following keep
us straight to get down there so I could
scare her did you hear me yelling for
you yeah she has these guys these kids
she block their view and I know she was
hiding behind him so she could come up
and scare me they scared her she jumped
you miss okay I'm done I think I don't
know I don't even know what else I need
in here you should get one sitting here
we're looking all these Christmas trees
and stuff she's like I still got a key
to Christmas tree get along with the
ball on us so we complete any yard yeah
no she's someone's with the root still
on it
yeah you might want to go check into
getting the Christmas tree oh look
there's some cookies this is what you
get for doing good things for good
people yes cookies I'll have to have
Tosh to show you guys a full full-on
demonstration how to make these cookies
because they are literally some of the
best cookies I've ever had in my life
fish sticks and mac and cheese for
dinner ordered it she's full agree I add
all the dishes and I swept Muffy dinner
Lauren I did the laundry and we and I
you did how much longer hermit crab one
low one load hungry Liza she's like I'm
sorry is your nose running you got
boogers
let's get a tissue and wipe it oh thank
you
listen afternoon just came out I was
just gonna say that's pretty much
literally just came out of the other
yeah afternoon it is Sunday night
normally on Sunday nights we would sit
down
you know I'm watch The Walking Dead
that's all over now so I had I had an
idea I picked up some wood the other day
some premium wood to build the cable
management control box underneath my
desk we're gonna try and put that
together after after we finish this I
have been quite busy
even though Veronica's taking the vlog
I've been quite busy today getting all
kinds of stuff there's see there's it's
Christmas season so all of us have to be
like sneaky and we sneak around stuff
what you were doing today that's what
you were doing I'd like to take a second
real quick and apologize on our last
upload yeah we have a little bit of
drama happen in the background after
starting to edit that video it was like
yeah that's probably not the best idea
but you know what sometimes you make bad
decisions and it is what it is so next
time we won't be doing any like
background from trash if you don't know
what I'm up to basically I'm building a
box that's going to hang on the
underside of my desk because I have this
big giant cord hole that's gonna feed
all of my cording down into and I bought
a special like outlet strip that I'm
gonna mount on this back plate so all my
plugs will be able to just I'll just
reach under the desk into this little
cubby and plug everything in and this
will be a spot for all my cords to lay
does that make you nervous every time I
hold it shooting it okay
so we're left but now is this box and
I'll show you what it look like under
the desk
basically this will go underneath here
and we'll attach I got a thing in the
way but all the cords will route into
here and then we'll be able to just
attach them somehow of course I'll have
that little lip piece of wood here but
uh yeah it's gonna be nice
I'll bet you're probably wonderin Gill
how are you gonna fasten it to the table
these 90-degree angle brackets all I did
was shake put these on the inside of the
box so you can't see them from the
outside of the desk and it's kind of
tricky because you can't get like a
screwdriver screw gun in here but I'll
mount these so I have their position set
and we'll mock it up
well like lined it up to where it needs
to go and then we'll mark the holes for
where we need to drill on the desk and
once we drill the holes we'll just
switch it so we'll mount the brackets on
the desk and then put this up to it the
hole should line up and then we're good
to go
records are in place
holla dude heck yeah check that out
that's pretty cool I don't know what do
you think what do you think about that
idea it makes a lot of sense to try and
like keep the chords out out of plain
sight this should be able to help us do
that I could put a couple hooks in there
like screw some hooks into the bottom
and just like wrap the cords around it
until their slack is taken care of well
I think putting that little ledge on
there it's definitely gonna make it way
better I realize I missed a step for
this because this strip this power strip
also has tabs for me to mount it so I'm
plan to mount this power strip inside
here I need a hole for the cord for the
actual power strip to be able to escape
the box properly so I need like an inch
and a half hole saw which I don't have
right now so we'll have to pick up on
this project tomorrow I think it looks
really really cool and by the time I get
the iMac and the rest of my peripherals
out here on the desk and then we get it
all together I think it's gonna look
really really nice we need it to run all
night look how full that thing can get
look at all these glorious pellets ah
the heat in its purest form Oh
the pellets are nice right here is so so
hot
I had this crystal-clear earlier this
morning it's gone all day to get that
covered in soot what not having gotten
the pellet stove was a good idea it's
turning out to be actually really good
okay no but for real though it is time
for us to call it a day I hope you guys
had a ton of fun hanging out with
Vanessa Bissell that's her you guys
Christmas
rapidly approaching I look at my watch
to see what did it is but it's dead so I
can see the date six days six days till
Christmas I hope you guys are ready we
still have some things to do so that my
friends is where I'm going to leave for
today we will leave you for today let me
say thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
