what's up everybody welcome to a special
Gilroy blog today join my very special
guest
what's up I've been era from how to
magic today we're gonna help you guys
win Christmas with five very simple
Christmas hats let's get started first
hack we're going to show you guys how to
make a very impressive peppermint plat
top very cool yeah your mom your grandma
even your girlfriend is gonna be like
how did he do it well I'll tell it first
thing you're gonna do is grab yourself a
pie pan and then line it with a non
stick you can get this at the store a
non stick aluminum coating or parchment
paper
whichever you just don't want it to
stick then you're going to take some
peppermints in festive holiday colors we
got green and red and you're going to
line them on the plate like so yeah you
got on raffle no don't forget to unravel
the basic pattern is is the same if you
make a ring of red all the way around
and then inside that you make a ring of
green all the way around and repeat that
process until it's full we've run out of
candies to make a second because we
opted for the movie magic and that was
the
a finished plate to show you before we
showed you but once you run right around
the Rosie with red green red green all
the way to the center and you bake it
and then up and preheated to 350 degrees
before it was about eight minutes nine
minutes just until they start melting
together just like this pull them out
let them cool and you won so for this
holiday hack you're going to make an
outdoor core protector let's check it
out
so outside when you have your cords your
extension cords plugged in this gets wet
people get shocked and it's dangerous so
we're going to show you how to make a
box to keep this protected from the web
take a simple Tupperware container and
on both ends you literally just cut this
opening for your core to reach in to put
on the lid and your electrical
connection is protected from the
elements not bad right yeah safety first
right safety first so we actually saw
like a commercial one of these sold at a
store but the problem with it was like
is way too small it's very small and it
only fits like a connection like this
right with the holiday lights you might
have like a giant like oh yeah someone
have a really big box that goes into a
connection like this right they just
don't make that so this is a good way to
have any kind of awkward connection
contained from nail okay for this
Christmas hack we're going to show you
how to use ping pong balls to spice up
your already in place Christmas fun
okay so you're going to start out by
taking a ping-pong ball and you're going
to take a knife a sharp knife like a
utility knife and you're going to cut
basically an X in the bottom so you're
going to take the christmas-light line
it up on the X and you're just going to
push that right up inside the ping-pong
ball create this really cool little
glowing ball you can spice up your
Christmas tree put these all over it
look really cool that's awesome that
actually looks great deck out your
entire Christmas tree in these I bet
when you turn the lights out it looks
really cool oh wow that is so cool I
hope they really need to do the entire
tree in that nose job the next hack is
so easy you're literally going to lose
your mind so you have a real Christmas
tree but putting water in it is an
absolute nightmare
this hack was supposed to be using a
pool noodle but because we're way out of
season and apparently our pool noodles
are gone we're going to be showing you
what to do is like an inch and a quarter
piece of PVC pipe but you can use a pool
noodle so what you do is you just feed
your pipe or pool noodle into the actual
base where the water is supposed to go
put a funnel into that just literally
take and pour your water into the funnel
and it pours the water right into the
tree base much easier than crawling
underneath it also might be wise to
measure exactly how much water it takes
to fill the base of your tree so that
you know exactly how much to pour so is
a super easy way to water your real
Christmas tree
okay for this one we're going to show
you the world's fastest way to wrap
presents that's right instead of staying
up all night long on Christmas Eve
trying to get those last-minute presents
wrap this what helped you get it down
with a quickness okay so we're gonna
start with a piece of paper that pretty
much fits the box that you're trying to
wrap okay and this is how you do it with
the speed technique and I'm gonna do it
slow so you guys can see how this goes
but basically you want to start on the
edge I'll flip it around here you want
to start on the edge like this and then
take it to where the corners barely
barely touch you don't want them to
touch the edge but you want to put it in
that position drop it like this drop it
like this and then we bring up this side
okay
nice and taut and get up like that hold
it in place and then there's a like a
line that happens when you fold this up
okay you want to grab it there and then
bring that straight up straight up so
that the edge of the paper rides right
along with the edge of the box that same
process is what we're going to do all
the way around so right there you want
to make sure that folds in and take this
straight up right along the edge again
you can actually lay this down at this
point and same exact thing you take
these two edges in
and you pulled it over your second piece
of tape you get the idea all you got to
do is make sure that when you fold it up
your fold happens right along the edge
of your box and there you have it five
incredibly easy Christmas hacks that you
can use this year
to expedite the process and get
everything done that you don't have time
to do am i right there's a lot of stuff
to get done during the holidays and all
these hacks will help you then yeah so
guys if you like this video please hit
that thumbs up button leave your comment
down below letting us know which hack
was your favorite and don't forget to go
check out how to magic the video that we
posted on his channel that we did
together did a super fun super fun and
definitely hit subscribe and support my
friends that is where we are going to
leave you for today I want to thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
