guys it is the big day the moment we've
all been waiting for it's finally here
we are racing back to the house because
I have a pest control person coming to
take care of the bees and I'll explain
why I decided to actually call the
professionals but uh it it's gone really
bad the poor guys at my house waiting
okay my man is here we what do you think
about that hive is it yeah we know
they're Yellowjackets right we don't
want to like catch these guys and move
them because I mean they're just yellow
jacks they're pests right yeah and I
just noticed guys this liquid here just
started dripping down onto the grill
that's like a sure sign that there's a
moist
big life yeah it's bad it's bad it's
gotten to the point where I'm like I had
to call I had to call these guys and say
hey this is beyond me I can't do this
you can see my trap barely worked
there's what two bees in it my house is
green because I'm afraid to get you know
the power washing done with that hive
there it's just it's reached a point to
where we got to do something today we're
doing it you got the you got the hood
and everything you guys are the JIT I
don't have a hood so I need to keep my
distance what what's the plan of action
what do you think is the best way to do
this in there okay
literally there's only a few things in
life that I am deathly afraid of and
that is rollercoasters bees and extreme
Heights this is this is out of my league
I'm - I'm - this guy can't do
what do you think is it is it gonna work
yeah get him I want to dust the point
speed up the process okay man you you
you're a brave man standing over there
with all those beasts he even took his
net off he's like I got this
we're going in guys we're going in he's
gonna actually pop off the new
screwdriver huh he's gonna pop this off
it off and try and get to them where
they're inside the wall oh boy is it big
hello there was some paper oh my god
holy crap
whoa
oh my god that's why they keep coming so
just to reiterate guys these are
Yellowjackets like these are these are
like the Ninja Assassin bees they're not
honey bees not productive to pollination
or anything
those little white things are larvae
those are future bees right there here's
another piece of the hive and here's
even more of it look at all these bees
this is absolutely mental I knew there
was a lot of bees in there but when you
actually look at it right there is where
they where the nest lives you can see it
right there kind of still a little bit
of paper in oil they've been coming
through that hole and getting into there
how I have no idea but there's still a
bunch of them flying around looking for
the Queen get changed
do you rushing me yeah let's go
why so your hair looks so pretty why
though look at you you got a little
finger finger friends all right now that
that's out of the way
we gotta go have some fun all right what
are we going to do demolition derby
whoo whoo have you ever been to a
demolition derby yeah do you know it and
what happens at demolition derby Oh cars
wreck into other cars pretty much we're
going to I believe it's the Fairfield
County Fair and tonight as their
demolition derby we're gonna be taking
lots of notes we gotta take a lot of
notes you guys ready yeah you ready you
guys ready yeah are you ready yeah okay
all right I gotta get ready everybody is
super less and then it were supposed to
leave 11 minutes ago guys look who's
coming with us so we just got this guy
out of the box
210 millimeters you can see um that's a
lie
you'd see the flag on the moon yeah but
Oh we're gonna try this out tonight see
if we can't get some close-up shots some
real
cool car wreck it was gonna be cool Sun
is so bright you guys ready for an epic
night it's gonna be so much fun
we're gonna see cars just smashing in
other cars it's gonna be complete
destruction be so much fun I cannot wait
let's just get right to after this
awesome fall autumn music montage OH
oh we are out here look at this this is
gonna be so dope dude we're right here
we're right here right up front oh my
gosh
my man Gill we're sure we share a
similar pound it that's a semi pound
right there right there there it is
don't worry guys we're gonna be right
back you just hang tight hang tight we
we have to get everybody food and this
chairs gonna start like 20 minutes we
got to get all the food Carson you're
gonna carry it okay it's like our little
pretty weird they're leaving me
give me money oh you got tomorrow you
want
you got a pizza a Stromboli two fries we
got corn dog
two hot dogs a big tank corn dog we got
the boys we got fries you got this is
insane my mistake ice cream
there's still plenty of dairy to be seen
but our kids are they're over getting
out of here
way up in road on your race
all right I'm blocked in though so I
can't go anywhere sleep do you remember
the other day when we were talking about
how Tennessee's literally everything
Dennis Dennis what you got boy and just
like that my friends we called it a
night got some good rest with man just
just an amazing day overall with the
kids having fun at the demolition derby
that was such a good time I hope you
guys enjoyed the video thank goodness
the bee situation is handled I can't
even describe how
but that my friends is where we're gonna
leave before today I want to thank you
so much for watching tomorrow's video is
gonna be incredibly exciting it is
Saturday and if you watched the last
video you'll know that tonight I am a
special guest at a haunted attraction
and I'm gonna I'm gonna go crazy it's
gonna be so exciting so make sure you
tune in if that thumbs up button if you
made it till the end thank you so much
for watching I can't wait to see you
right back here next time
