he's medicated this is probably the last
day for them to have their a Marxist its
generic I don't know but the antibiotics
because they had strep throat crossing
my fingers I still haven't got it yet
and I hope I don't what if I do there's
some pink stuff here Oh try and figure
out what to do today because it is so
cold outside so cold it's clearly like
dreary a nice and cloudy and super
SuperDuper cold we should go outside and
play in the snow but it's like
dangerously cold so we're trying to keep
warm inside like sheltered I don't know
we can't do this for long so my friends
it is the season for sponsor videos and
today we are honoured yet again to be
sponsored by vest beans we did this a
while back like best fiends we worked
with them a couple times and us so many
of you guys downloaded video and become
addicted to it as much as Veronica and
I'm telling you she's crazy about this
game what level are you on 205 and if
you don't know what best fiends is
here's basically how the game works
so basically best fiends is a color
matching puzzle game that's it where you
use your fiends to defeat the slugs
wonder that guy we're gonna log later
what not that slug right Oh mom
this month they have holiday fiend
styles
oh no I see your fiends can yep
Christmas truly character little snow
moons oh he's a gingerbread brittle that
is hilarious
how appropriate for Christmas right
yeah I don't know if any of you are like
super competitive but if you download
best fiends which is completely free and
we'll leave a link down in the
description you can challenge your
friends and stuff so they have this
Facebook integration now
so there's leaderboards and stuff and
you can challenge your friends and
one-up each other and make it you know
make it like an official competitive
game which I mean Veronica is ruining me
on this so guys do us a favor show the
support for us and best fiends and click
the link in the description download
this game and share with us what level
you are on will give you - what we want
- let's say by Wednesday of next week
you should show us what level you're on
and you're gonna have to work hard
because there's a lot of matchin
happening here if you're gonna go see
Santa you got to write a list okay like
immediately he's not gonna be there all
night hurry go get some pens and crayons
or whatever you gotta do get it right at
all dude okay I'm thinking something a
little nicer like White Castle
we already got one it was a nightmare
right now Veronica says I need to do do
a cleanse tonight you are you are is it
like that scene in the movie down the
dummer where Harry do you guys know what
you're asking Santa for yeah
you excited yeah I feel like we're in
for the classic experience with Santa
Eliza seems confident right now yeah but
one when he actually gets on his lap
when she actually puts that on his life
yeah say hi
what you bring me maybe you brought your
home with me you been as good
he's gonna have his down no it's like
pictures a good big brother did he pay
you
come on do it Bobby then
those hilarious I knew she wasn't gonna
do it but I just wanted her so bad maybe
next year yeah she was more interested
she's yeah for sure
but when it came time to getting like
close to them
it's said for us to be very hungry
pizzas this way Oh what do you say we
get a whole family like pedicure
together bringing it like foot massage
or something no not going to save money
what do you think those are serious
boots easy fella
oh yeah she likes that boot we're just
owned in this store
I interrupt this regularly scheduled
program for some breaking news we just
crossed 400 subscribers
do we do 400 ready for it
400,000 my father
just kidding that's a lot of hot bugs
thank you guys so much
yeah you know seriously let me be let me
be the second to say very um hand
quality thank you because it is true we
wouldn't be sitting at this table
we love you thank you so much for being
next stop 500,000
then we won't keep track until we smash
to a million yeah
right Liza wait I was just doing this
Ausmus oh I didn't know that I'm sorry
that's right bye I was just sorry
do not go in the upstairs bathroom for
about 25 to 35 minutes yes all right
listen I have a live stream we're gonna
celebrate with you guys live online
right now twitch.tv for such Gilroy
gaming but by the time you're seeing
this you had already missed it don't we
have like a brownie mix or a cake mix I
think what you should do tonight right
now while I'm streaming is bake a cake
that says 400k honors classes this is
sunny in here come on dude yeah Oh crack
an egg so it looks like we needs 2 eggs
1/4 of a cup of water and 2/3 of a cup
of oil we're making brownies celebration
brownies 400,000 subscribers keep going
you wanna dump it like in the middle hmm
welcome back how was your live stream it
was awesome awesome gave away a hundred
dollars back from Amy fudge in Twitter
you guys have probably seen her on
Twitter like pushing the streams and
calling up when we gave away her hundred
dollars was a gift card of winners
choice and then I decided to also match
amen we gave away another hundred to
someone else cool
sorry sir Jolin sir
I can't say his name again hmm Sara Juan
sera buona sera j'en yeah
sera jey that was it so we're just look
we got brownies Colin is doing a little
Colin actually made these all by himself
that's awesome and he looks like he's
doing a forward and then 0 and then 0
for celebration this is for you guys
here's the 400 K yeah you totally can't
tell real God blow it out oh oh here
comes the smoke detector look at that
mess 400 K it's tie-dye brownies that's
supposed to be four zero zero and then a
K down there but no right now it looks
like graffiti and big shout-out to you
guys thank you so much for all your love
and support I think for being part of a
family that is ever-growing
and always super super positive and and
helpful to each other that's one thing
that we pride ourselves on as a
community is being helpful to each other
and trying to be positive in the
comments and uplifting and all that type
stuff so we appreciate the heck out of
you honestly from the bottom of our
hearts thank you so so much for all your
support
that my friends is where we're gonna
leave you for today thank you so much
for watching I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
tomorrow
