what's up guys welcome to the vlog i if
you saw yesterday's video you'll know
that I was up super late and woke up
super early hanging out with the radio
guys having some fun so yeah we're
starting today's vlog just a little on
the later side but we still got time to
have some fun the kids just got home and
we're about to play us a toy the boys
and I are in here playing with some new
toys and actually a big shout-out to
moose toys for hitting us up with a
sponsor for today's video these guys
created some pretty epic little toys
collectibles actually they're so
cleverly named the grocery game and they
have come up with some really clever
product checks out so this whole theory
this whole playset is all designed
around like rotten food and they've all
got some pretty clever names name off
some of these boys which one is that
voltage Sultana Wow foul turkey some of
them are mould on them
there's so many little different sets or
packages that you can get like this
one's called sticky soda and it's
literally a can that you can use to
collect them in but they have four
different guys inside it one of them's
the secret you don't know what they are
this place that that we picked up is
called yucky mark and there's a bunch of
little cool parts to it that you can
play with check it out I'm putting this
guy up top here cookie okay cook the
turkey he's fine wait it's a trap door
ready 1 2 3 I don't know what it is
about these things they're they're just
satisfyingly squishy and the names are
super funny I don't know you guys better
check these out if you're interested in
stuff like like little collectible
figures these things are right up your
alley you can pick them up actually at
Walmart and Target and Toys R Us but
yeah definitely check out the link in
the description they have a YouTube
channel where they make funny little
videos you'll have to see for yourself
I'll put the link in the description but
we're just gonna have fun while we're
waiting for the weather to clear
good job Liza high five nicely done
traditionally guys we always pull out
these same boxes of ornaments and we
literally collect all of them and you
would probably look at our tree and be
like wow that is the most random
decorated Christmas tree because they
don't all match and they're all
different
that's what we like about it from 2007
Colin's first Christmas and colonizes
the baby this one was from 2009 this was
the year we got married Christmas after
we got married and we had both boys live
they'll take over all the low ones you
boys can take the middle and you'll get
that high you don't want to show them to
remember in the blog where I showed you
we used to in the salt don't worry
this was the one that I did of this is
fallens hand sums Carson's from 2012 so
yeah this is basically how we handle
decorating our tree I know a lot of
people do like all this like Martha
Stewart type tree decorations but that's
not us we're unique we like it to be all
of our memories from the year just
hanging on our Korean beauty Parsons
first Christmas gonna copy cut ornament
and this is Eliza's first Christmas
ornament
grandpa noise gets all of her grandkids
the Precious Moments ornament for that
year in this
thank God
yeah there's bubbies ornament and seeing
that's the Precious Moments them 2007 on
the toefl boy
yay watch his head
so we finished decorating the tree all
night lazy we're getting ready to put
the kids to bed we just wanted to say
together as a family look at this it is
full on Christmas season you guys and we
hope you guys are having a very very
happy holiday
daddy no matter what religion you
believe in I believe that we all are
part of the same family and that is the
human race we hope you're having a happy
holiday and from here at the Gilroy
House we're gonna put these little guys
to bed you guys we have to show you this
show
Jude he's right there see if I do that
there's such an appropriate song right
now Frosty the Snowman he's out there
somewhere person it's like 10 days to
Christmas are you gonna start it oh my
gosh five days later look at that
temperature
Wow five degrees out here you see I
don't think you can see it I like on
camera that's good
you're gold I thought for sure you'd
have a delay but it's here
bye honey have a good day
be good boy all that good stuff all
right okay bye Oh
when's the last time you seen a
beautiful cup of coffee on the vlogs
still start every single morning with a
big fat cup of coffee
more like pot look up pot of coffee
that's especially nice on a day like
today it is rose Carson was up early not
to make it for us but this guy we got to
drive him so that's one button dude
right phone I spilled coffee echo clean
that back go clean up the coffee that's
the secret that's how I echo he's got so
much energy she she cleans up my phone
call look I did a make your hair look as
ridiculous as possible does it look bad
is it that bad
look come on it's not that bad is it
it's pretty bad that's totally pretty
bad echo you juiced my screen girl you
do stuff and when you do stuff my lens
little puppy there we go
have you guys been taking seriously as I
in the fog rolling I want to say last
night with our live stream we figured
out something pretty pretty incredible
and that was if if you've seen me talk
about this in festival vlogs my streams
have been kind of messed up a little bit
since we moved out to the office and
last night we pinpointed something
pretty incredible and that was we
figured out that after a certain period
of time like last night was 45 minutes
after a certain period of time the
stream would start lagging out okay and
we figured that it's not the internet
connection because the internet
connection is extremely solid and stable
out there so I was monitoring the CPU
usage
and every time I would stay still the
CPU usage would be around on Oh 25-30
percent but every time I moved every
time on the actual game that we'd be
playing we would start moving and there
would be motion the CPU pegged out at a
hundred percent
so we've figured out that after the
stream is going for a while and it's
clearly very warm in there because the
palace tone we don't have a way to
regulate the heat the computer is
getting too hot and as it gets hot it
starts I guess
slowing itself down so that it doesn't
get any hotter I guess this means
nothing to you if you don't give a rip
about computers or the live stream but
that's something that I've been really
struggling with is trying to figure that
out and last night we had a breakthrough
and that was the temperature of the
computer is highly affecting the
performance of our live streams so I
think we're gonna be tracking down a
cooling pad and I don't know I've lifted
it up I've used some of those dominoes
that I got to like raise it up a couple
inches off the desk so it has some air
flow some room to breathe but I don't
know if that boils down to needing a
different computer one that I don't know
one that has a cooling system I know
some computers have like liquid cooling
and stuff like that I don't know I don't
know if that's the Avenue we need to go
but I know that was a really long and
boring explanation of some computer
stuff that you may or may not care about
but it's important to me really
important this is song what's he doing
ah are you climbing out of your crib
don't fall down don't fall down
an actual cup yeah Lisey okay so today
is a very exciting day because number
one we're getting the new couch for the
office that's supposed to be delivered
today as long as this company doesn't
mess up again we should have the couch
in the office today my only regret is
that I don't have I don't have like a
coffee table to sit in front of it just
yet and I don't have a stand to put
right below the TV for like you know
like the Apple TV or anything else to
sit on
I'm definitely needing some type of
storage space some concealed storage
space in there I want to build some
shelves and stuff but obviously it's
really close to Christmas so we kind of
had to divert our resources in another
direction number two for today is to
actually try and tie up our Christmas
shopping so ten days to Christmas the
countdown is a really begun we got to
get this done so I'm going to go ahead
and edit today's video and get this
uploaded much earlier than normal just
do me a favor today let me know in the
comments what is your favorite part
about the holidays is this something
that you feel and the air is it family
being together is it the colors and the
lights let me know in the comments what
is your favorite part about the holiday
season for me it's the gathering of
family and just that feeling that comes
with Christmas not only with the family
but I feel like I feel like the whole
community kind of like forgets all of
the beef and the problems and just kind
of come together for this this one
period of our of our year so yeah that
my friends is we're going to leave
before today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here
