what is happening my friends welcome to
the vlog I'm gonna turn the camera
around for a second I want to show you
guys what's happening outside look at
this whoa
it has snowed lots and lots of snow but
that's not the most exciting part today
because I was special yes with me but
some guys remember this is Evan I was in
the vlog a long time ago a long time ago
it's been a while yeah but since then
Evan has established a pretty successful
channel called how to magic and that's
what we're gonna be doing today
let's do it gathering supplies look what
we got here as always when you film like
collab videos there's such a random
assortment of things that you pick up
but when you see the video all makes
sense and we had to come to really well
I don't think I think I don't think we
could really hurt anyone with any of
this
except for except for the scissors I
don't know I was just that guy anyway
hey yeah so this morning over the course
of since 9 o'clock it started snowing
and my gosh has it not stop sent and now
we're left with well this I'm probably
getting snow all in my everything it's
pretty bad winter is finally here
and is starting to look a lot like
Christmas turning about like Christmas
yeah everywhere you can use the music
it's beginning to look a lot like Chris
I hope you guys I hope you guys are
getting in the Christmas spirit this
we're like what 12 days away
we're 12 days away from Christmas so all
you procrastinators out there who
haven't done your Christmas shopping or
haven't done it on your decorating
I'm talking about me oh yeah i'ma put my
treat serious no all right I don't feel
so bad
and we just mast more class we're
prepped we're getting ready for our
video we have some baking that takes too
much time and we're pulling off like the
whole movie magic things like when we go
to put it in the oven it's already done
so I had to go down to mama wasn't asked
her for parchment paper because I don't
have any blah blah blah long story short
she's like you want a cucumber no I'm
like no and that was like wait a second
we can scare fluffy and what did you say
you can just have you ever seen those
videos where cats are literally jumping
out of their skin terrified of a
cucumber let's see if it's for real
you saw it here folks cats are not
afraid of cucumbers well at least mine
you're the cat Philippa Cat smile or are
you filming in her snapchat I was
snapchatting it but it was totally okay
he just looked that he turn around
looked at it like we're just hanging out
Matt's here hey Colin had drama practice
tonight
it were just kind of sitting back
watching we're kind of keeping the kids
like out of their way but they're in
there doing all this different
shenanigans I made that I made it I've
made those before I taught you how to
make it but - wait make us suffer break
spaghetti to make tonight but I'm just
gonna waiting for them to do this oh boy
tape tape Wow Liza who is that ma'am she
actually says map
it's map a map check it out evan has his
own his own mantra right so laughs at
like mm-hmm
that's great dude and I like that a lot
we got t-shirts the wristbands of
sunglasses balloons great tattoos
whatever you need all that sugar cool
things dude you know what though I got
something for you dude you know I
recently did a video
the guys that shade trees sent me some
sunglasses yeah I know and every single
video
Evon always wears his sunglasses you're
like the kc nice dad magic yes okay I'm
gonna give you a brand new pair of
wooden yeah you should try one they're
actually super dope now it's rare that I
actually take the lab the live shades
off really or any kind of any kind of
brand of sunglasses because just check
them out actually they look good kid
wafers thank you they look good on you
correct we literally just finished
shooting it's currently what eight eight
48 48 this poor guy has three hours I
remember driving to Kentucky to see Tom
and it is a crazy Drive especially since
look look what you're up against dude
there is literally a formidable on of
snow there you know be careful dude I'm
gonna be I'm gonna dig up the four-wheel
drive you know you know haven't had the
tires changed in a couple years but
really what as well wrap them with
plastic I want you guys to all please go
and at least check out Evans channel now
just come check it out yeah I'm not
asking you to subscribe to see if you
like it if not I like it subscribe I
actually like your videos I really do
appreciate that he teaches you how to do
like really fun magic tricks that you
can pull on your friends and I I'm gonna
use someone if you don't mind don't do
it that's what's there for ya yeah well
Evan does a pleasure guys go check it
out links in the description guys
is this for real mmm-hmm we just
finished working and you've got dinner
ready oh yeah oh yeah yeah it is 12:30
a.m.
today's CLAB and hanging out with Evan I
didn't really get the chance to edit the
vlog until this evening so it's finally
uploaded it's time for bed we have
something very very fun to do in the
morning well why not just tell yourself
what's going on
it's Loper okay so today we're here
we're gonna do this thing called eggnog
roulette usually on my radio show we do
egg roulette do that by the way we did
it first before that one okay so today
it's the same concept so we're gonna
have a bunch of jugs of water six jugs
water six jugs of eggnog and we have to
pick if we pick the wrong one after an
answering a question wrong chase these
like full like half gallon or Python of
eggnog on our head but each time and we
have to get three to win you know three
correct so we start out with trivia
questions all right if we get a trivia
question wrong that's when we go to the
water in the eggnog to pick so it's like
a dozen eggs
Oh so I better get him right what's that
I better get the questions right you got
it yeah you gotta have some kind of
general knowledge like you like I feel
like look we're calling me so hey man
you would come to radio and play games
are you super fun and then all the way
here I'm hearing Kelly like yeah Gilroy
hey I'm Mike yes right he bet that's all
never thank you man it's the holidays
she's kind of our holiday party I know
it's gonna be a plus I wanted to show
you guys real quick
you see all this stuff out here not
loper but all this snow and ice and
everything literally we are in the
middle of a freezing cold polar vortex
woke up this morning go out to the Deena
try and open my car frozen shut my car I
know I had to like use extra force man
okay it's ten degrees it is Oh everyone
stay idle to Randy hi guys what's up
good morning
get nog I feel so bad for you you rot on
the way home do you know I guess you're
gonna write especially that early in the
morning did you say mom
thankfully are you losing already but no
even if I win you're right so what I
will yes you're right you may win one
who ever lose this is gonna rot because
you put your heat on the way home
how long is your drive home like 45 yeah
it starts rotting on your body it's
terrible dude we'll go to will go to my
gym we're just doing a lifetime we're
just like quickly get to the locker room
I went to get get the show last year and
I could smell myself like I was getting
I was gagging because that's not why
you're not doing it with me this year so
why ever oh you backed out I'm not doing
it because yeah I it was terrible
no guys we'll be back you know dude this
is this is stupid bro oh you got me in
here damn right actually what this
reminds me of liver is my brother and a
bunch of my friends and we all got
together and we did an epic food fight
party oh yeah and the whole house was
depth like yeah I kind of like that here
we go all right so listen guys a little
bit of disappointing news okay but it's
it's only temporary
yeah forever no one else except for me
no this is good news for me excuse me
Frankie's on his way into the radio
station right now the problem is he is
stuck in gridlock traffic we do have a
very excellent is chase blogging today
in studio yeah right now right now
currently when is he not one that's
really why gotta sleep dude and when I
you know number two
that's it alright we had to put a new
shirt on it's a shame this is a nice
shirt it's about to get all nasty
believe she bailed there in your number
oh I got a vlog here wait no you vlog it
here it you take switch cameras okay
baby
okay John Cena son Fred they need your
attention man yes I need you I was
trying to get one yeah cuz need one he's
numbering stuff okay so here's the deal
guys we numbered all the stuff Chase was
trying to get a peek and if he sees
these numbers he'll know not to pick the
eggnog so we have to hide it all right
either way they're getting wet guys six
eggnog six waters they don't chase and
lope or don't know what it's numbered
when they get a trivia question wrong
they'll pick one of these numbers and
they'll either get knocked or they'll
get watered good luck sure chase what
did Frosty the Snowman have for a note
oh my god Frosty the Snowman don't you
know the song you missed a Christmas
song over here since November first
he had a button nose we've had a button
nose it was the name of the town in How
the Grinch Stole Christmas
what Whoville everyone's got them all
right Ohio guy come on when you think
I'm gonna sing all right chase
who is the actor oh oh look at his face
he is just he's mad he's mad cuz he
knows it but he can't come up with it
you can do it come on chase Fred's got a
jug ready for you deep breath oh my god
smoke coming out here brace let's do the
question again who is the actor that
plays cousin Eddie in Christmas vacation
come on
I can see his hair no you can't he wears
it digging where's Dickie dupit hand is
out there pumping and it's Harvey more
the answer's fall that's right I can't
think of his name Paul Oh Benny Paul
died my mother
look you're gonna guess it might as well
be over I'm gonna go or Quaid Randy
cranek waves Paul Oh Benny Paul died my
mother look you're gonna guess it might
as well be over
I'm gonna go ork wait Randy cranek waves
will break before we before you find out
what it is a pick a number first number
seven so number seven will that be water
or will that be eggnog so I missed the
question I missed the question Randy
Quaid man it was like right there
you've ever been asked a question where
you're like oh I know the answer but it
just won't cross your lips so I'm about
to experience either eggnog for full
time I know what do you think you're
gonna get man I'm gonna get water I'm
speaking that into existence right now
I'm gonna get water
Who am I supposed to do anything
especially go
I will change this is like if it's uh
alright then before Jays waiting I'm
like expecting this to happen in any
second force be with you open this I'm
just gonna hold on I can do it I get
much of the water to open cuz any of
help alright you ready
are you psyching me out you missed oh
boy that is dripping down my underpants
feel it in my
dude that is cold to show you guys the
producer view of the show this is big
rig for those who don't know and this is
the producer station what do you have to
do here this is our tech screen so
everybody texts and I can see that this
is my Sun screen I can play all these
sound effects sound board yeah that's
basically as pages of sound boards same
thing over here only these are all like
beds theme songs
TV theme stuff like that and then up
here is all our mute the songs and the
commercials that you hear and then
here's the menu fade in and out the
different like that pod is this computer
Frankie gets it wrong has to pick
another what was it three three four
cameras on open mic used to have like at
a press conference okay dear let's see
alright you ready
look at this there's a fly and two bees
in here now don't you this place is
getting
number three number so I got this right
here number three huh like number three
all right here we go Frank unless you
dare look back nobody likes you
is he in for another round or is he
about to get out guys oh he's shivering
it sounds like you did the slowest pour
ever that was so mean so low forgot the
question wrong he's about oh yeah he's
about to see here we fell would comes
out of the jug I can't open it Gilmore
Lee help me yeah yeah if I get nod this
is the end of the show live action shot
poor Josh Chase is pouring something on
him right now for three
my underwear off it just really doesn't
have any underwear to wear it out oh my
god you're a loser
Frank it wins
oh my god is terrible chase case I
didn't introduce him guys this is
Frankie hey Duke Frankie is a
world-class athlete so he's talking here
so that's that to to Olympics two World
Cups no big deal to MLS Cup world and we
just killed it on a just no girl and I
never went on this show it's been four
years and that was my first time that
ever boys did it actually first time
I've ever not I still didn't get a
question right I've never answered a
question right you just got lucky can't
believe I got Randy Quaid wrong I love
that movie and I was wearing the Clark
Griswold shirt yesterday so I just super
fun hanging out with low-current Randy
this morning big shots you guys and also
big shout outs of Frankie first time
meeting him super is super awesome dude
hey I need a shower
ah see you take your tie off hmm
watch out tell me be careful don't want
you to fall down echo hey Joe
well she's gonna track down the dogs I
feel like today is a perfect time to get
out there and do some photos because it
is looking really really cool out there
it is time for us to get the Edit done
guys I want to say thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
