damn hi guys welcome to hug me and baby
Liza and we've also got Tesla here
because lenient there's he we're
actually we've already kind of run some
errands this morning he's really cold
now and we have to keep dinner warm so
we had to go buy him a new blanket he
had like I think I told you guys a while
back like he had like this fungus called
brain rot
well we've got that cleared up on him
but if we put that wolf blanket back on
him
it could reintroduce the fungus to him
and not blink it was old and smelly and
snow look we got baby Liza she's all
bundled up but for boots on there's
ninja look it's so cold you can see his
breath yeah
Dorothy say hi ninja can you say ninja
ninja yeah close the door and go keep
the door closed do you want to think I
didn't enjoy Liza okay hey Pepin
we took bath good ha oh so sweet isn't
he no it's Clyde your good boy and yours
inches new blanket was down here
no over here stay right there and he's
just standing there being such a good
boy give him a hug she just loves on him
she leans in he starts kissing he'd go
oh boy he goes yes there's blue boy down
there huh but yeah here's his new I
think this one means cuz it's kind of
hanging but out the straps keep him warm
gave him warm bye ninja
say bye ninja
paedon told bye oh so we do love him
say love you ninja I have your gloves in
my pocket you've got a little sleepy
baby back there we just drove about
thirty minutes I kind of drove slow and
took my time so the way she'd get a
little bit more of a nap we're here
visiting Sonny chases cousin we're gonna
do some Christmas crafts with the kids
I'll show you a really cool one that's
good for keepsake ornaments from the
little babies
I feel bad waiting around I hope she's
not grumpy
hi baby Jackson we made it you can talk
to me he doesn't sit here giggling I
talk to me talk to me Jackson say hi say
aigu aigu all right guys we have pizza
go to bellies full milk kids are playing
and we're gonna start getting stuff
ready for the salt dough ornaments um
you don't really necessarily have to use
it as an ornament we're going to show
you another option that you can do but
here's how you make it we're going to
need one cup of salt pepper flour 1 cup
of flour and I have a cup of water and
you're gonna take all those ingredients
and just mix them up until it forms a
soft dough flour here yes make sure you
put flour on your hand and then you're
gonna put a little bit of flour down on
your surface that you're gonna roll it
out on just roll it out Oh
make sure you flour your rolling pin
okay once you have it all rolled out
you're gonna take your little baby
victim here in presses hands or feet or
whatever you're trying to do in it few
flour there candies that way it doesn't
pull the flower back gonna the dough
back
he did that earlier punched his hand up
when it was in it hopefully
Jackson will keep his little hands okay
you can smooth that out look what you
have this double hand assault though and
then after you know okay and you painted
the knight and the flower to look like
depending on your thickness you're gonna
make these at 200 degrees for three
hours if it's super spin you're gonna go
want to go last time if it's really
super thick you're gonna use your full
three hours no one's baby licensed Harn
yeah okay get some of that on hand
check it out
Lord Mayor's lies this little Heaney
pray yeah Lord bears lies this little
Heaney pray but the one I picture leaves
it just like that I think this is how I
did the boys kiss oh that's not the
picture I sent us oh no it isn't there's
a different one that it leaves it like
that and I decided I liked it so you can
pretty much see that once you baked it
and I guess I'll show you you're just
gonna trim up around the edge you can
either do it with the fingers like this
this is one some II did earlier see how
all of his little fingers are like
indented or you can leave it just round
it on the bottom like this but this is
what you're going to paint it as when
it's all baked and done isn't that super
cute you want to make sure you put a
hole in the top of it where you're gonna
loop your string to be able to hang it
so you want to take a toothpick or
something and put a hole in the top
where you're gonna loop your string cuz
if you don't do this step before you
bake it you won't be able to hang it
yeah on a pan just lightly dusted with
some flour and then go in the oven
and these are actually ones that she's
already done that has already these she
just let's set out and they've been out
what two days and they're still not
quite dry you can see on the back if
they're not dry all the way where it's
light here in darker there that's still
not quite dry you can probably flip
these over sunny and they'll dry out and
these were baked in the oven not sure
why these turned out more yellowish
while these are white unfortunately
funny I don't think I can stay three
more hours but that just gives me that
excuse by sunny tell me tax and by
girl
doing your honks hey hey show her sure
what we did oh boy did we get batteries
daddy won the parent game with the
batter race I just posted on Instagram
story if you don't follow me on this
scrim you should it's chase Gilroy how
to get your cat from out behind the tree
you can't reach back there you drive the
Train
look there it is there's the Polar
Express persons teaching Eliza how to
drive the Train
do you like that Liza I'm so excited to
have this year's adjustments because
he's gonna live in every me
I found a Gilroy how-to video and edited
it and taught Zach how to film and edit
all in that time well he's out there
working on this I finished the whole
video and he's actually reading a
complete new version to see if he gonna
be what I'm yeah but uh new video on
Gilroy how to's and reviews I'll link
here right above here you guys better go
check that out it's pretty basic it's
just a lot of McCampbell you like the
Train he's so excited about that train
I've got more sleep this past weekend
than I have in the whole past year
whatever did not but you know sleeping
in this weekend was good which we just
got the kids in bed and that means it's
almost 10 o'clock and booth killed it
today yeah we're gonna watch the stuff
done today but I'm definitely going to
bed early because I feel like I'm
lacking sleep some extra sleep yeah I
think that is where we're gonna leave
today
okay so I'm just think all of you thank
you so much for watching I knew these
new in this okay here's my girls easy
guys watching and pretty much pretty
much it goes like this
for today does how I do okay good so
that my friends were gonna leave before
today always a thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow but you gotta have
your own flavor since I do that every
time I think you should have your
they tell her tell her in the comments
Veronica should have her own well I mean
like see my girl or all that touches oh
yeah why do we even do that anyway why
do people have a set like sign on stuff
it's a signature like sign off signature
and that my friends were really before
today I wouldn't say thank you so much
for watching we came to see right back
here tomorrow but you should have your
own nobody told me that but I don't have
my own let's see it give it a crack
let's see what yours pretty much just
like yours but do it with Veronica but I
don't have let's see the pros know
because you know oh so you're copying
both Gilroy's or the Gilbert feeling
it's not you and me it's us it's not you
it's not me it sounds like you're
breaking up with me oh no we're together
this is together us alright Dan Brown
okay okay so that's sort of a knowing
you guys for today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see number
one of you right back here tomorrow
