oh yeah that's hot
what's up my friends welcome to our day
this is what we consider a super low-key
very chill here that house a lie that
super low-key super chill day because
the weather's turned on us I'll show you
outside look it's like it's literally
raining ice balls right now very gloomy
day we got Cameron in here cooking some
ramen noodle soup hot lava hot lava bowl
came and touch it we got Caleb over here
checking out social media even Tostitos
chips with dip not paid not paid sponsor
the boys the boys are in here and join
some video game time as you see in the
Gilroy household super lucky super chill
type day bro don't forget to check out
our awesome Christmas tree look at that
shine in we shine it you like it echo
you like that Christmas tree yeah we've
done a number out here
oh you're scratching me while you
stretch you silly silly dog still a
syllable you want to stop the Polar
Express where's your pants you lost your
pants say yeah super low-key day because
I spent a lot of like this morning I
have a live streams on Sunday morning
and this morning just like last Friday
if you guys joined the stream we seem to
have some difficulties with our
connection and I don't know why like
nothing's changed our internet speeds
are really good out in the office but
something has happened that's causing
our streams to be super super laggy and
I can't figure it out like me and my
buddy Norman who helped set up and is
very very knowledgeable in the area of
streaming and networking and all that
stuff we've tried so many things and we
just can't pinpoint what the issue is so
it's been very stressful to like look
through forums and try and find out like
why this could be happening so if
there's anybody out there
who
has you know a very very good working
knowledge and networking and OBS and
twitch live-streaming and all that stuff
definitely could use your help because
we are striking out and we just don't
know what the deal is so we spent a
large portion of the day figuring that
out but it's time to move on and do
something fun we've gotta have some fun
day oh my gosh it's so dark in here
hi bunkie oh did you have a good nap
you're in the dark I'll start to leave
you in the dark
who's there bad donkey we got an
emergency guys I literally sit down for
five seconds to work on my computer and
do something and Carson Carson took it
upon himself to make some ramen noodles
and this is why we don't do that kids oh
my gosh literally it is melted to the
microwave plate oh my god I start
smelling something I'm like what the
heck is going on dude you got to eat
that tiny Mac bro why'd you let him do
that
okay so important life lesson just
learned or just now okay that is kids
don't put stuff in the microwave without
your parents and it smells really bad
I think cleaned up in here and it it's
clean visually but the smell the smell
in here is worse than you could ever
imagine imagine putting a back popcorn
in the microwave and just letting that
thing toast completely burning that
smell that BER popcorn smell it just
doesn't come out of anything it's still
in the air and it lingers and it's it's
almost making me like nauseous here's
the plastic puck that was stuck to the
glass microwave tray I still can't
believe this is crazy but I'm trying to
figure out how to get the smell and I
found a forum it's a home guy its SMB
com it says option four is you can pour
a small amount vanilla extract into a
bowl microwave the substance for one
minute keeping the door closed at least
a few minutes afterward to allow the
scent to permeate the microwaves vents
so I got water
I got pure vanilla extract why not try
it out and see if it works I mean
anything's a shock because the smell in
here is
what you understand that in the future
you should probably let mommy and daddy
prepare your food okay okay but just so
you know when you cook ramen noodles it
has to have one you can't just put dry
stuff into microwave you know that now
right around sort of potentially caused
the fire it's very important to know
that when you microwave stuff you need
to have lots of liquid in there so that
there's no chance of anything like
burning up or be let mom and dad take
care of that for you right it's all
right okay okay while we wait for the
vanilla extract to do its thing in the
microwave
we're gonna set up the Polar Express
train underneath the Christmas tree
Carson you're gonna help me yeah all
right it's pretty easy just put the
tracks oh no our track segment broke
under the tree how are we gonna reach it
I'll get it you can get it
all right small guy we need to track
repair stand track repair oh my god get
it Carson the track repair is real Oh
track repair track repair this is so
much fun building tracks on the floor
under the Christmas tree clips Liza oh
we're almost set up and guess who walked
through the door who just walked through
the door mom I guess who's bringing us
batteries mommy did you bring the
batteries No
totally forgot
this is why I went to the store and I
get in there and I'm like oh we need
cereal for breakfast tomorrow what times
walking dead come on nine o'clock what
time is it
843 okay battery's tomorrow we'll get
him tomorrow Carson nothing beats the
walking dead nothing not even childbirth
stop everything quit pushing kid can
come later we need 90 minutes that's
because tonight's episode is 90 minutes
the season midseason finale I don't know
to expect
I think somebody dies I don't know I
don't know not a spoiler cuz I don't
even know I'd like to see anything yeah
anything you know leave us hanging what
about Judith because he's on the porch
holding Judith waiting for Rick to come
back right now
like my heart is like hurting no know
what's gonna happen find out next week
on The Walking Dead AMC 1990 I used to
in central all right that's it that's
fine it's fun time with Liza it really
is a fun time with Liza
oh boy
mommy's coming she's the enforce she's
like the warden Veronica's the warden
she comes back in and then it's like go
back what is it he ever bosses me around
at work yeah no see and she's not even
the manager not even a manager boys
however one good night and Colin and
Carson
I mean I'm Lizzy say night see you
tomorrow
Pizza face smells like Armageddon if you
can if you can borrow that stuff up and
market it and sell it it be called
Armageddon no it still smells bad man
all right walking deaths going on some
check that out and then after that
that's right
just for bringing to you to the bus stop
when's the last time we logged in the
morning at the bus stop
it's been a minute ready for Monday you
already taking Monday by the horn and
just making your you-know-what see that
bus back there that is Carson's bus way
back I can see it that's totally your
bust I hope you have a fantastic name
buddy have a good first day of school
Monday this week and next week left
right and then it's whatever a Christmas
break oh yeah okay have a good day see
you love you
looks like our elf friend had some fun
with this little reindeer last night
date
eat up morning beautiful you walked into
it good morning princess okay here I'll
take it
little cute little button start it off
strong I just went took the trash down
to the road which is actually a big
achievement because last week I missed
that so we had like a lot more than
usual it's about time for us to get this
day started and start the week strong I
hope you guys do the same exact hey it's
time to achieve some goals this week the
return of Loa is happening that's all we
got for you today thank you guys so much
for watching I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
