here we are guys and we are at Grandma's
house and it is the annual cookie
decorating day Carson what are you doing
Oh Cathy said Grammy said that Carson's
decorated five cookies for cookies but
there's only one on his plane decorating
them and then he only to the boys are
decorated in they're done decorating we
just got here and we're gonna have a
baby Liza why the trying decorating her
first on her own this is another yearly
Christmas tradition cookies it's
grabbing oh you guys spread it on your
Christmas Becky okay here hold it just
push it on there do this one these are
the little red hot candies she just put
them in around let's see how this goes
you guys screw it up the hot she's going
for a second one I love you we'll be
doing this for years and years and years
posture should just set my high chair
and watch I gave her some icing B yeah
you want more of these has given up two
year old like these red hots for the
money tree you need them
so now that the kids have decorated what
they're gonna decorate I'll show you
what's left of the boys
I think they accreted about five cookies
each but um looks like there's only two
on Collins plate and two on Carson's
plate so they're done decorating what
they want to decorate and it's time for
the adults to step in I have actually
known that since I was a kid like Colin
Carson's age we've done this so the kids
always decorate a few and then the
adults step in well now that I'm an
adult I get to step in after the kids
are done and finish decorating what's
left and you definitely have to remember
to put your sprinkles on while the icing
is still wet we're awesome unstick the
icing dries and it won't stick right
there yeah there's my first cookie of
the year there is the low Santa stocking
issues the red in the white we also got
candy canes this one's a blue candy cane
with red and white sprinkles my vows are
cookie yeah she just got one of these
things to sprinkles that I had open
Maya's new paying attention the whole
thing on our plate here squirming
specialties with snowmen not snowman go
back to bed the the Santa faces she cut
some out and they have you can see the
lines at him to tell his face and she
puts little rays and she cuts up raisins
and puts in his eyes don't touch no
don't touch
she's guys all red and the white done my
arthritis
oh please ear once the icing in the bag
warms up from your hands it starts
coming out better
yeah but until then it kills ya full-on
cookie decoration mode is happening
right here yes holiday cookies are so
very real look at the grand me pretty
much makes the same type of cookies
every year but they blow me away look
how good that is like that's crazy you
should open up a cookie shop Grammy yeah
networking we have to stuff in here at
Best Buy man me an old grandpa took a
little trip in I'm good speed yeah it's
hard to understand some of it but
basically the last stream we had we're
noticing because Caleb was over with his
Xbox as well and with him online and me
the router that I have which is a really
really old router out there I can't
handle it so we need to get another one
and I found this Linksys which offers
gigabit which is what we need for our
wired connection cuz that's the fastest
speed we'll try this out and see if this
works just getting that stream just
fine-tune the last time we streamed it
was it was super laggy and everyone was
like oh that's uh yeah complications are
never good but getting fixed
honey she's crying you gotta feed her
bottle feed that baby a bottle Lisey
that's a good mommy Sophie with all the
snowmen toys Colin's out here checking
out the Star Wars marathon that's pretty
cool Star Wars every Star Wars movie is
happening right now and the girls have
baked and decorated all kinds of cookies
holy moly
over the years they've gotten pretty
good at it pretty good at it I like the
Christmas trees actually privileges
really oh I'm guessing they helped with
that one
really yeah oh I'm gonna say that looks
like a boy's cookie that looks like a
boy's cookie I have this windshield
mount right so that when were in the car
I can
but the camper up there and not have to
worry about holding it and drive and all
that says anyways I just got the camera
mounted there was epic bus and Christmas
song that I was about to sing with you
here now but by the time I put it up
there
I am yet to put water in this tree
pretty sure he's supposed to do that
right away she's still good it's not
drying out in the needles aren't you you
want me over there anyway so I have to
like I have to trim some of the branches
so that we can actually get in there and
put water cuz right now you can't put a
cup in there so I just use a saw blade
don't mind me I'm just trimming the tree
in the house it's fine it's fine
huh we're gonna build one out of these
we'll just tape them to like a stick or
something and we'll have a tree here's
how you assemble the best-possible taco
salad because that's what I like start
with spicy nacho chips crush them up a
little bit No and that beat oh yeah beef
on there sprinkle cheese don't be shy
nope less little tomato don't forget
that sour cream and of course hot sauce
it looks something like that
what you yeah see what else you're gonna
put on there okay oh you double up on
this saucy
okay the beginning of the Christmas
ornaments and decorations and some of
that is making its way up the stairs
there's a tote there it is yeah your
Polar Express train and the voice I've
always loved the movie Polar Express and
I had to get the train to go around the
tree where's the second man did you see
the last of it what did you call it what
I found boy legend has it when you read
the book the elf returns huh do you guys
want some help to come back this year
would you buy myself time it's time to
put the lights on the tree it's time I
just have to make sure everyone works
it's not so bad to get all the way up
around this first strand and then you
plug it all in and hack doesn't work
it seems like we're missing a strand
videos yeah we definitely have more to
do we still have to get the decorations
on and the train set up and all that but
it is getting very late this little
nugget is ready for bed the boys are
starting to get blimey and they're ready
for bed so I think we're going to call
it on the tree decorating for tonight
and we'll finish it tomorrow yeah
tomorrow people little ones like that
out we use our pins but we lost two pins
hey what you guys doing there's another
threesome into office tree the office
train your battery is getting ready to
that is exhausting it's exhausted Boston
like me yeah this used to be the tree
that we put in the house and then I was
like no watch her bones that's okay they
shook it off real good knock on wood
we've never had a problem with bugs
okay don't jinx it
what's gone yeah and some pine in there
make it a real we gotta use this for an
office oh oh now it looks a little bit
more natural did that fresh pine smell
in there too on top right you need to
start that's your star yeah it looks
like it's leaning it's gotta lean
yeah planning a little too little ass do
it how did that happen where did he come
from who sent him the book sent him
you're telling me you guys read that
book and just because you read this book
the elf showed up dude that's crazy
yourself mister still the boys named him
the years I think that still showed up
they named him stuff still feel because
he's stealthy yeah maybe he was busy
tying up some things to I don't know I
can't I can't speak on behalf of the elf
but the important thing is this here is
here he's gonna watch you guys for Santa
he's gonna make sure you guys on your
best behavior isn't that something
stealth the elf has returned and it's
gonna be a glorious Christmas season
anything echo holy moly my friends that
is where we're gonna leave you for today
we got not a lot to do today I didn't
show you all right let's resume look
this
there's not a lot of snow but it snow
pretty good all right my friends that is
where we're going to leave before today
I want to thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow
