this is not how I expected to start the
vlog today but hi guys
yeah so mom's been in an accident and
how are you feeling her head hurts I
didn't have the camera at the moment so
this is what it looked like at the scene
you can walk out hard you want me to
pull the truck I got
yeah didn't catch a whole lot I was
really concerned on making sure she was
okay and the fact that she was standing
up at her car when I got there I mean
pretty sure she's all right I don't
think it was a very high impact crash
but still enough to worry because she
just had that back surgery as you know
so like with Veronica calls me and she
says your mom's been in an accident you
know I'm like but actually mama was
there mama
drove by to see her and so I was like
that's your mom but uh but yeah she's
not here
they took her down to get a cat scan to
make sure that everything okay so as
soon as she comes back we'll give you
I'll let her tell you exactly what
happened hey guys
so listen I had some shopping to do
space errands to run
we got what started kind of late in the
evening but we're out I bought Carson a
coat at the beginning of the cold
weather season and he wore to school
once and it never came back home so now
that it's super cold I have to come back
out and buy him another coat they didn't
want to come with me they wanted to stay
you know mom on humpr degree Christmas I
just come baby like I say hi
no nothing profound that this is the
only size medium they have
oh this is what he gets
I just bought him a hat over at t.j.maxx
it went over there to look first and
they didn't have anything in his sides
over there but they had hats and gloves
so I got each of the boys hats and
gloves over there and I got him a blue
hat with like yellow it's like blue
yellow striped um but it'll just have to
match gray and orange cases mom is
meeting us at home to get her keys for
her car after she checks out the
hospital so we got to get back there and
I'm making tacos for dinner so thank you
donkey food yep we need some donkey food
in sac mama talk mommy can lies at all
can you talk to them sorry mommy it's
okay Liza oh you can't talk today I'm
just not feeling it
you're gonna sit hi honey I can't carry
you we're almost done how to sit down no
please oh please sit down daddy I can't
hold you and push the car at the same
time
I can't do it cook this guy's look it's
snowing why is it snowing this is snow
how's it gonna be it's pretty but you
like your coat yeah is it warm enough
keep it no you're gonna keep track of
this one yes yes yes you got a good will
and get you up coat you lose this one as
I went to t.j.maxx they've actually not
decent cheating like dog toys without
the stuffing and stuff and yeah this is
like a tough
let's go squeakers in all the little
cool news in it girl what is it stalling
that broke thing in July look at it what
is that what is it Hey yeah me too
yeah I can't see them get in yeah yeah
Nutella Lloyd mm-hmm
I've been trying to get them new toys
that aren't rope that they're going to
shred an e or have stuffing in them that
they shred open and eat within a matter
of minutes because the stuffing in the
Rope like it's not good for him because
they if they were to shred it the glass
that
one thing but they actually physically
eat it and I can't do that so person
sitting here catching up on this
homework that he missed since they were
out three days he's got a couple extra
pages of homework the needs done and so
I'm helping it with that and trying to
hurry so that way we can get doing fix
it immediately
what are you got you got Taylor dogies
toy look at squeaks here and just like
that
there's my mom see everything's fine so
she has to bring these fries right there
I do I have one you surprised speaking
it Fred tell them what happened real
quick
what happened guy decided to hit me
instead of stopping an adrenaline yeah
basically that's what happened yeah
thanks have a frenchman
i wasn't a french fried baby monkey that
was bacon Oh mom whoa look at that the
snow is falling in front of the laser
and you can like totally see all the
flakes that's wicked awesome it's a red
laser ruin my face mmm me and the boys
just finished filming a review video
which we'll post soon I didn't want to
give you too much behind the scenes
because super funny watching these guys
film review videos did you have fun yeah
did you like him yeah do part two okay
okay look you got come on dumb haircuts
how about them haircuts don't ya I
didn't even a little damage this time
I'd never cut myself before but I did
tonight cutting her sits hair you know
that very same cut right there the
v-shape yeah my mom did that to me once
my mom used to cut my hair and she cut
me right on the top of my ear
no it was yeah I freaked out burger we
were going to do tacos tonight she pulls
out
and it's literally like brown three
pounds of it yeah and you just got it
win like two days ago man it's bedtime
these guys are on three days now I've
been on biotics day 3 day 2 day 3 day 2
yes
anybody yeah you go to your next they're
starting to get better good morning it
is current day and it looks like we got
just a little bit of a dusting Sun has
just come up and it started to melt some
of that stuff but last night it was so
pretty all the snow that was flying
through the air I currently am on my way
to finish out this art project that I've
been working on for the past couple
weeks
and I just kind of wanted to tell you
guys a little something last night I had
another actually the last of the
agreement meetings for this big deal
that I was working on I told you guys
about
still can't really say anything about it
but I made a decision based on a bunch
of different factors that the big deal
is not going to work out for me you see
in business like you have to make
exceptions and agreements with people
sometimes you may not agree with certain
things and basically last night I made a
decision passion over money and honesty
I decided to remain true to myself and
to you because what the big deal would
have meant would have been a blackout on
my channel for quite a while you guys
have grown right along with me you
support me and you guys have been the
most amazing thing that's ever happened
to us and I feel like I'm staying with
you no matter what it's YouTube all the
way so I'm going to put in a few hours
today and finish out this project and
later tonight
it's another holiday tradition guys the
kids always go over to Veronica's dad's
house to do cookies for Christmas so
it's time to do some cookies for this
year's holiday season it's going to be
fun so that my friends is where I'm
going to leave you for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
