what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
are doing the angel a little family
tradition today and this do time what
are we doing boys
that's right we're getting our Christmas
tree
why is a regular Christmas tree yeah it
sure is cold Oh
Lisey you make sure help daddy pick out
the best Christmas tree ever
come on what kind of good is this our
Christmas tree no - sure
is this our Christmas tree no too skinny
every year ever since Veronica decided
we don't get to do plastic or the fake
trees anymore we have to come out here
as a family and pick the most awesome
Christmas tree and then I gotta cut it
down so we're looking for the perfect
Christmas tree you like that one is that
our Christmas tree yes
is it our Christmas tree is that our
Christmas tree it's the one ladies and
gentlemen the Gilroy's 2016 Christmas
tree let's cut her down I think you
should get this one for your office
thank you this is the hard part it takes
for literally a bar Colin do me a favor
stand up put your arm in there and push
it away from where I'm cutting push it
like oh yeah
oh we did it we count the Christmas tree
can the boys drag it back calling you on
sidecar Singh at the other look Carson
you get this branch hold on Tory here
and calling you get this branch yeah you
should just be able to right here Colin
yeah grab Blue Square entry here bags
just so you can kneel on it when you're
cutting up this Lane put them to work
this year you can't push at all and you
have to pull it come on you can't it
won't
it'll be okay that works another
Christmas tradition fulfilled yeah all
right he's just trimming off the bottom
branches that are up close to the stump
yeah we gotta be careful because the
tree stand only opens so wide to put the
trunk in this one's actually got a
pretty fat trunk
pretty fat trunk pretty fat truck my
Christmas trees got a pretty fat drunk
ready yep that's how a tribal Christmas
tree to put it on top do deep what your
Christmas tree on top in this Christmas
tree farm they have a bunch of extra
like of the trimmings and stuff so I
asked them if I could have some to do
like just some of the real tree wreaths
and stuff so I have a bunch I gathered
up a bunch of the trimmings and stuff
from the different trees so I can take
home and do some projects at them he's
also gonna give us some pinecones being
a tree farm they have lots of extra
pinecones that you can put like here's
like an example of some with the little
pine cones that are on them just a
little like wreaths like that I think
it'd be cool to try to make one myself
I'm sure I'm glad we decided to do this
today because looking at the weather
forecast
compared to the rest of the week it's
it's gonna be like the lowest I saw was
seven degrees Fahrenheit and where I was
that was below for the day but seven
degrees with wind chills probably yeah
that's only 37 let's get this thing home
kids left Alice here in charge of moving
the we had to move the keyboard over
there and some of the toys and stuff and
all the extra toys and stuff up into
less room that's our Christmas tree spot
who's gonna help me carry it in
you know you okay all right
Carson's always got my back he's always
got my back yeah I hit the rock to the
end no matter what to the door hey
watches the top oh oh okay you're good
straight down straight down there you go
we might have to turn a little off flat
to get the star on but it's in pretty
close you're doing good Carson done
there's our Christmas tree we can't
really put lights or ornaments on it yet
cuz we're gonna let it sit and make sure
it's fully you know like dry cuz it was
raining yesterday it's not wet really
but uh we want to make sure it's nice
and dry before we put stuff on it so
there it is for one day yeah I like to
trim something off of there huh
or our star won't fit Eliza's getting
Christmas we yeah you got Christmas
stops on Bronk is gonna go do some work
I I guess I convinced her to stay as
long as I could so we can get the
Christmas tree but I also have work to
do we have a live stream tonight and I
need to create a new overlay we did some
stuff last night I'll show you guys in a
bit but honey I love you don't be up too
late okay
tell Veronica how much you love her guys
no wrong good we needed here with us
every day all day so I realized that I'm
short a patch cable out here because I
have enough to run my switch and connect
to the wireless but I have to keep
disconnecting and connecting the router
because I'm short a patch cable so I'm
making one and I'm actually gonna do a
full video on how to make a patch cable
and the difference between a patch cable
and a crossover cable for all you tech
people out there you need to do this
kind of stuff and you know you're just
kind of wondering
do that but yeah so real quick instead
of worrying about this any longer I'm
making a patch cable for my own for my
own purposes yes I got nothing I may
have seen on the YouTube channel I'll
post like a video that says I'm going
live on Twitch and a lot of you guys way
more than usual show up to hang out so I
just want to say thank you first of all
and we've been getting a lot more
viewers in the twitch livestream which
is awesome super awesome so if you are
watching this and you haven't been to a
twitch livestream yet a lot of you guys
put it in the comments if you come to
the streams tell everyone how fun it is
because it's total blast and you guys
get to talk to me like one on one I
interact more with the chat than I do
the game that's probably why suck so bad
but what I yeah it's time to go in and
fix supper for kids there's yeah person
look at my eyebrows are you excited for
Christmas
echo hmm are you excited for Christmas
chill out spaz you're all on my grill
sit sit sit I go sit sit echo sit sit
sit sit good girl
goo goo good girl with the oh I'm trying
to kick my leg but I'm sitting on it
there you go
okay okay okay okay
she's like what am I supposed to get are
you putting it on now
Oh your talk you like that a night
lighter say night night night see you
tomorrow and just like that it's morning
guys
with the boys off to the bus they had
missed three days of school so far this
week cuz they were sick so they wasn't
ready to get up and go back this morning
but we they made the bus in or off to
school yeah baby lies they're gonna be
home today it's some stuff done run some
errands and stuff like that that's about
all we have for you today thank you guys
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
