good morning everyone
starting off the ball parade today
early morning yeah Carson's still here
with me and Colin's actually they are
both so it's to the doctor's today I got
mom all here she's gonna help me watch
Eliza for a little bit while I go take
the voice of dr. Webb Eliza
are you hungry here let me on these and
we'll have some breakfast okay
I know it's Pizza combos but I don't
know that you can chew this look I'm
almost on although it's got homemade
there's a banana bread no love you some
good banana bread yes we made it call my
parents freaking out about getting a
shot but he's not gonna get a shot
there's no Sean's the worst thing
they're gonna do swabiz throat force
trip it's just like the q-tip they open
up and they swab your throat in it gags
yeah oh you have to have it done it's
not gonna hurt here we go oh I look
tired turn so no makeup all kinda dated
a little iPhone is running a low-grade
fever around 99 100 and of course Carson
I feel great
so this chummy like it's weird because
every time he turns to eat something
he'll take like one bite and then he's
full so you know he feels full
Conlan's freaking out because he doesn't
want to start his long but look sit up
for me honey he's got you can see this
right I misread he's got all over his
torso
yeah his thirds really swollen and I
said it hurts to swallow and every time
in the past that kids had strep throat
he get someone hurt swallow and he gets
the rash he doesn't necessarily get a
fever you know normal kids show all the
signs and symptoms of the classic strap
but that's usually what calling it so
number one or number two uh you're gonna
have to wait the whole swabby thing like
really don't call him up they have to
give him so the stretch has to take ten
minutes and belly and seen the rash he's
got all of his trunk and down his arms
oh yeah that looks like scarlet fever
so I'm looking this up and it says
scarlet fever is caused by an infection
with Group A streptococcus bacteria
usually struck through and it's
confirmed that they have strep throat
Colin's test here actually came back
positive Carson's came back negative
which they're still gonna send it out
for a culture it's just a more in-depth
tap test but he thinks that Carson's
just getting started with it so yeah
now we're off to the pharmacy to get
treatment for both of them the doctor
did write them off school tomorrow
because strep throat is still contagious
until you're on antibiotics for 20 24
hours more often pharmacy
oh it's so wet and gray and gross it's
just one of those things where you want
to spend all day inside at the end of
yesterday's video we told you that we
was gonna go train at the christmas-tree
today but with these weather conditions
it's raining and it is 40 degrees
outside I don't know if we can get the
tree
and one thing you always do want to get
when your kids have strep throat is a
new toothbrush because they have their
toothbrush in their mouth with all those
germs and then you treat it with the
antibiotics and then they're just
sticking the dirty toothbrush back in
their mouth and reapplying the germs so
we have to get a new toothbrush extra
point cuz I like the electric ones it
clings another so I just gotta go did
you still have to brush them and floss
healthy for you salty yes oh my gosh
I can tell you one thing bringing this
kid to the grocery store everything
alright guys we're back home now and I
fixed some lunch
what's left of I made pigs in a blanket
mac and cheese and I just learned I sit
down for a nap
I'm done hey he's enjoying some lunch
we got the boys and now sitting on the
couch and we have rented the secret life
of pets and chill out for a little bit
we're also gonna do a tour review today
and go to review and they're all feeling
all strepek's and when you text me and
said the boys have strep I was like oh I
hate that man I feel like I'm not to
wash my hands they're at five minutes
we're gonna cure your sickness
what flab is it I think it's a good flag
it's that pink stuff a good flab I don't
know
I'm oxacillin I think it's good though
bro it tastes like bubblegum yeah but
man those pharmacy companies are making
this so much money because it seems like
everyone is sick right now
everybody oh what you making
what do you mean burning it's in water
they jump on it are you seven dollars I
own five bucks I said I promise right
that first one to clean the living room
is five bucks she has no fear at all no
fear the boys used to get right
check this out I got a brand new toy
it's super awesome sleek compact very
very useful tool right here and I'm
pretty excited to try it out because oh
you thought I was talking about that no
no this this just came a couple days ago
and it's like a feeling focus on it it's
an adapter to put the Ronin
on a tripod so you have to try that out
and see how well it works
that's pretty smooth well we're gonna
put it on the tripod where we can
compound shots so I want to do a shot
where we're tracking the tripod across
the carpet but the camera is also
turning this way at the same time it's
me look pretty nice instead of using the
standard quarter-inch
part where you're using the larger
three-eighths that way there's no worry
of this thing you know getting looser
this run is sliding off that would be
literally devastating slider then lock
it down just in case I'm gonna just
connect the monitor so would you worry
my back we have to take the handles off
and it's just this hanging part that
goes on here except on the road and
there's like a safety a safety pin this
doesn't this doesn't have place to go on
one thing to note is you probably
wouldn't want to put this on like a
small tripod you definitely need a
strong at least three-stage tripod with
the fluid head you can lock down to use
something like this because if you put
this on one of those cheap like vivitar
tripods that is not going to work at all
but get it balanced this is the power
off and it hangs pretty level so for
that baby
that just looks good you know what I'm
saying all of that look at that does
that mine yeah alright so I have these
these are like furniture Flyers they
have packs of four some of them have
these in them which are good for like
linoleum or hardwood surfaces and these
ones are obviously slippery great for
carpet so I use these to set underneath
the pads of the tripod and it literally
skates right over here like ice good
like hack which I've posted previously
to my Gilroy reviews and how to's
Channel I'll link to it here where you
use these and you can get a nice slider
lucky shot so we're gonna try that out
that's AK he sure his character right
anyway so I just got done stitching that
together and I finished editing the rest
of the vlog would you just watch if you
meant to this point so if you did make
it at this point please do me a favor
and smack that thumbs up button and yeah
we're on who's ready for bed
I'm ready for bed so yeah that is where
we will leave you for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching and
get to see you right back here
