what's happening guys welcome to the
vlog we're starting in the evening as
you can tell and I gotta tell you what
we are in a truly a truly scary place
look there's a frickin clown in the
window
that's legit a scary clown in the window
right behind me here guys is a place
that I can't wait to kind of show you
around the outside can't really show you
the inside but this right here is the
Licking County haunted prison or jail
it's incredibly scary
I've already had a tour of this place
and the reason I'm here is because this
weekend on Saturday I will be getting
into an amazing costume not exactly sure
what yet that's why we're here tonight
to figure out I'll be getting into a
scary costume and I'm gonna be scaring
the living daylights out of people right
here I'll put a link to this places
Facebook page so you can see the address
and everything if you are local and you
can come to this is in Newark Ohio if
you can come to this place this Saturday
I'm gonna scare the crap out of you but
I'm getting ready to meet with some
people we're gonna go over what I'm
gonna wear and everything so let's go
this is Terry her husband Chris sorry
Chris and Darrin tonight we're gonna
figure out what I'm gonna wear
do you have any sort of like vague idea
I love zombies oh my gosh we're in the
bowels of this scary place look this
this place is legit home what is the
kind of quick backstory to that well the
place was built in 1889 there's been a
lot of you know different inmates in
here we've had people that have had
their hair pulled their hair touched
their neck we've heard things you hear
footsteps all the time it's just it's
constant current lately reaming oh yeah
you can hear a lady screaming just with
your with your own ears every hair to
get see when there's enough people going
through them right right but even during
the haunt we had a
we are a no touch haunt she watched a
girl walk through the center of the cell
buckle in the first floor room and
watched her hair lift up and drop twice
and the girl turned around and said
you're not supposed to touch me she
didn't she watched it this is so scary
because not only is this a haunt like
this is a ha attraction but the fact
that it's actually haunted
so Terry Terry takes care of all of the
makeup for everybody that comes through
here yes and they do like mostly zombie
or is it we have zombie and a psych ward
we have some possessed characters on her
in our basement clowns
I've got three other makeup artists that
I work with thankfully they help me get
right my people done every night I'm try
that on right now sure let's do it
thumbs up if that was a good zombie
noise it's a proper these guys are
treating me right tonight look that got
pizza for us oh oh and check this out
this is a mat will show me this the
other day so I've already been here to
see to meet Darren in them this is the P
points board so if you come here and
you're getting scared and any of the
guys here that you peed your pants right
they're gonna note that and at the end
of the night they tally up everybody
who's scaring that's gotten someone to
pee their pants so far it looks like old
Charlie's got the lead there Charlie is
the main character for the loan all it
should introduce you on the day but guys
this is gonna be incredible you're
seriously looking at a legit
cellblock let me show you something real
quick let's take a look
this is the creepiest place I've ever
been
ever hey she's up here this one is again
that is a burner cell and may ended up
setting yourself on fire in that cell
and passing away I don't know I don't
know about you but just tell me what you
think in the comments of this video what
what would be your feeling right now in
this in this spot like this is creepy
this is creepy boys are you looking at
one word we read they said to each floor
this there were the most documented
and the first suicide was in that cell
to the right there I can't describe you
know it's such a weird feeling I hear
that someone in here it really is though
yeah like you don't know what you don't
know what to take them in thank you okay
so we got distracted with a little bit
of a tour we're trying to figure out
like exactly where I could be stuff like
that but back to this creeper story I
feel like you guys really have to hear
this because as soon as she told me I
have goosebumps so a creeper not like a
Minecraft creeper but a figure that
doesn't look human right
I'm later yeah in this hallway
constantly and so many people have
reported hearing footsteps and hear
almost sounds like the dragging of feet
yeah and we hear it so often I mean
everybody does we had a group in here I
think there was four or five of them and
they came running up the stairs flipping
out because they said they've seen a
wall-crawler in this hallway or a
creeper right you know that's called
those things right so what happened was
they were sitting in chairs right over
here and they were looking down this
hallway
under a red light and the threshold over
there where you see it shiny started to
get dark and a star getting darker and
darker and it looked like it was
expanding you know girl you're already
in darkness and it's getting darker you
know it's so weird anyway it's expanding
its expanding its expanding all of a
sudden I seen what looked like like a
long elongated head slowly turned
towards me and as I'm like trying to
focus on what it is I see this big long
arm or leg whatever it was go up like
this and start to take you know go
forward well all of a sudden we just
immediately turned on all the lights
because it freaked us out so bad but it
was right here in this hallway so you
know I had taken pictures that you'll
see that looks like something like
peeking around the corner around here or
something
so you know we didn't know what was in
the photo at the time we're trying to
debunk it and I came in the next day
after taking those photos and peeked
around this corner just like this and my
reflection of my head is in the
reflection from this mirror on the wall
just like what we think maybe it was the
wall crawler we're gonna be scaring you
guys I'm telling you if you can make it
here this Saturday please do
I love the privilege to scare the
absolute P out of you you can help me
win this little thing here I thought I
would get at least two two of those
golden bananas I'm going for the spot
that they picked out for me is
incredible here's here's just a little
example of something look at that oh oh
that's the kind of work that's gonna be
on me except it's gonna look awake or
it's gonna be like personal for me
Gilroy huh all right Terry thank you so
much for everything I'm so excited for
Saturday absolutely I can't wait to
scare people with the blast we're gonna
have it's gonna be scary good ha ha
we'll see you saturday oh I'm so excited
for this you have no idea in like I've
always wanted to do this and I don't
know what it is but this is the awesome
you're not gonna believe the experience
I just had I just want to say I'm so
glad to have made it home it's an
you know you listen it's gonna be you
and amber you get to go through by
yourselves and I'm gonna be somewhere in
there all dressed up
you gotta get scared how many times in
your life are you gonna have the
opportunity to do that like it's super
unique and you're gonna experience it
with okay this is a big deal I think
it's a big deal you know for Annika
won't even watch scary movies let alone
go into a haunted attraction if you
brush your teeth
yeah help you there you go good job Liza
how's she brushes her teeth with candy
in the other hand hold on to that okay
you brush your teeth brushing good you
can help me convince Veronica by making
a record breaking likes on this video I
think if she sees that everybody's like
oh yeah Veronica you need to go like it
she may be more inclined to actually go
through with this she hates scared thing
like I can't tell you how much she hates
scared things like she hates it so yeah
slap a like in this video if you want to
see Veronica get wicked scared and I'll
set up a nice little rig that will have
a GoPro right in front of her face maybe
with a little attached LED pointing
right back at her - that'd be so cool if
you are in the area please consider
coming to the prison I want to get a
really cool photo with everybody who
showed up to check out the prison and me
and my zombie costumes gonna be super
dope again the link to the attraction is
down in the description I want you guys
to check it out check the address see if
it's doable for you I'd love to see it
be really really cool
consider like a
impromptu meetup or something uh-huh but
that my friends is where we're gonna
leave before today thank you so much for
watching I can't right back here next
time
