just finishing the trim in the office I
just started on the door but I got check
this out
I got that all up along the wall except
for this last piece here I was trying to
said like finish it flat or 45 to match
into this and I think based on
everything else in the house it finishes
flatten the floor trim runs right into
it got work we're back on it today guys
yesterday was kind of a sad day and if
you missed my tweet basically Veronica's
grandpa on her dad's side he's had some
health problems for a little bit and he
actually had to be rushed to emergency
surgery yesterday and they ended up
taking his entire large intestine out so
the cloths me bag and all that stuff I
know some of you guys actually have had
those issues yourselves so grandpa is
dealing with that so appreciate your
prayers and all that stuff but uh you
know you move forward you can't can't
dwell on what's happened to you you
always look forward to the future and
you know deal with it whatever life
throws at you you just roll with the
punches it's my advice for today Bob
we're just finishing up some some little
fine-tuning things here in the office
and hearing a little bit we're gonna
watch Cameron you guys know amber son
Cameron he plays basketball and he's got
a home game tonight so we're gonna go
support him
hmm looks pretty nice pretty next
unfortunately that isn't the hardest
thing we have to do today there's also
this up until now the pellet stove has
been run using an electrical cord or
extension cord rather and well I just
don't like that so what we have to do is
install an outlet right back here
I'm trying thinking on this side it
don't really matter I'm sorry that okay
we're we're there look sorry I got the
outlet in I gotta clean up on my mass
but outlets in the pipes all back
together on a scale of 1 to freezing
eskimo eskimo repels you sooner I gotta
clean off this window like every time we
start this I feel like I'm habitually
vacuuming this thing out every time one
thing everyone's ever told me he owns
pellet stoves what Bernie says anything
it is it is a clean stove is a happy
stove so I always get in here and I
vacuum out all the ash and trying clean
the window as best I can but we've had
it off for a while and the doors open
and stuff working on this it's getting
super super cold in here I feel like my
nose is really and just like that we're
back in business
whoo that was fun make sure that's nice
and far away from there
tell you what guys through this whole
project I have learned so much so much
can be learned from actual hands-on
experience I mean I'm not a carpenter
anything and we did all of this all of
this you guys it just it still blows my
mind right there and I see putting this
one open it what all right six open six
oh yeah big girl you got it yeah what is
it what's on there
what is that in a bird I just tried to
put my hair I don't know I feel like I'm
not failing with this it's not I don't
you see I don't know it's like frizz del
what's up hey Otis I would hand oh yes I
have noticed something actually yeah
not the viewers oh well you haven't
played with the first along because you
had the super awesome iPod Touches the
roll with you that's the stinky sock
here smell it
good girl and good little boy we got
Christmas music I'll tell you what the
moment at the moment it hits November
this channel starts playing Christmas
music it's like by the time Christmas
rolls around you're so sick Christmas
music
well normal people but not me
it's holiday season that's camera there
and number 12 cans in let's also bro hey
there's the coaches by right there
that's the coach but right there oh yeah
cam oh yeah
oh so close you like this year leaders
um be a cheerleader
she is all about
I had to bounce so I could get back to
the office because I have called my
first official meeting
I plan on training Seth and Zach you
guys know them Seth and Zach aren't
going to be working with me and for me
in the future so my goal is to train
them both on editing and camera work so
that they can do what I do essentially
so tonight's our first meeting figuring
out
we're gonna teach them over how long and
all that
let some fun lies it
we are officially having our first
meeting right now with Seth Wetzel and
this guy Zach you want to tell everyone
what's happened to you
this is a PSA right now I was food
poisoned by the Chipotle in New Albany
Oh Ohio he doesn't want a pointing
fingers or anything yeah the server's
name was Carlos oh she's in bed can I
come I'd like to eat that found this
little guy on the couch this little guy
right here are you feeling better today
Carson what are you feeling better today
I think you're all right I think you go
to school tomorrow
how's this guy feeling he does feel one
oh please no I don't want to get this is
the time of year when everyone in the
house gets sick movie
oh I can't forget you eat there angel
you're such a good dog you're getting
there you were a little poop at first
but you're getting there
it's currently 114 a warning
look who's here that's grandpa
gherkins doing good news lots of prayers
right now for healing
failing yeah I do apologize guys huh
I wish today could have been a lot more
exciting but I was literally spread
pitas paper a lot to do run was gone was
today
meetings kids basketball those fun good
job camp by the way but yeah I think
it's time for us to hit the sack because
the kids got to get to school in the
morning and I'm going to help old
brother Dale with some more advertising
so can we do Christmas dress can we do
Christmas stuff too long we're
procrastinators and still have yet to do
any Christmas shopping so that's all we
got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching but can't
wait to see you right back here
