what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
are literally standing right outside the
office I've seen it but she hasn't seen
it he hasn't seen it this guy already
snuck out here and saw the carpet guys
just left literally just left we're
gonna check out the office are you guys
ready all right let's go
it is done whoa isn't this exciting
yeah dad what do you think Liza it's
still concrete under there - okay let's
see so here it is guys the carpet is
finally here it is in one thing I'm
still waiting for today is the wheels
for the desk because I have a live
stream in a little bit the wheels for
the desk aren't here yet and as it sits
without it it's kind of short and it's
really short it's good yeah well I
didn't do it
that is pure fun right there basically
now what I have to do is put the barkoff
back up bring the desk in here and start
bringing stuff out here Oh
Nettie's letting up the pellet stove may
warm in here
I'm actually just literally laying here
on the floor let the kids kind of run
and play wear themselves out let's hook
clogs the auger drop them in we've had
our first guest show up since the carpet
has been done via Anna in purple J and
then my cousin Eric he also showed up he
they are gonna help chase get the bar
top and carry him back over here I put
it back on good all right you missed it
I just got I just got it on my snapchat
but I didn't put it on the vlog the
FedEx guys literally just showed up as
I'm setting this stuff up with the
wheels and we're gonna put the wheels on
the desk right now which will put the
desk at its final height and we're
trying to figure out like how these
expanders work but we're gonna just play
with that I think we gotta sell an idea
right
I hope Fed Ex man didn't leave this
wrong sighs Josh look at dot no no I
haven't set up my cable management it's
kind of a nightmare back here but um I
just spent 15 no 30 40 minutes doing
that the internet set up back there I
don't see those flashing lights that
means yeah and just like that we
finished the first official live stream
from the office I gotta say this desk is
big right but you can see how it quickly
run out of space oh my god what do you
think she's back the whole time watching
and Nan over there I know right so did I
explain it in the vlog the couch we were
supposed to have couched it in it but
you see there's there's no couch I don't
know what happened when I left after I
paid for the couch they said it would be
delivered on December 2nd but when I
called to see when they would be here
and I hadn't heard from anyone they said
you're not scheduled for delivery and
I'm tomorrow hopefully Jay and I could
go and pick up couch whoever it may be
because they don't know where exactly
look we're out here in the office just
chilling look at a little
with the gangsta lean we got carpet in
here guys we've got the flooring done
everything is done I did a livestream
out here tonight like this office is
functional yeah how awesome assistant I
mean we've been hyping this
and that's pretty much where we were
like all right this nights over we got
to cut it Sbrocco started playing super
sappy like sad music it is morning we
wanted to just celebrate and kind of
have fun last night Zach thank you for
doing this
coffee creamer milk for cereal donut you
want a donut you're so cute I know it
seemed you in your past Oh daddy's
coffee spilled it oh why the you were
doing so good
you spilled it all Veronica's still
asleep she said she wanted to sleep in
today we've all been waking up super
early this week it's been busy man we
aside from trying to push to get the
office finished it is Christmas time so
both of us are trying to pick up some
extra stuff to make sure they do some
extra stuff donuts instead of cookies
sometimes I think that's a great idea
people do that yeah ma-ma-ma-ma-ma most
came to see us on the Saturday morning
what you got here oh my god
what is that Eliza oh the holiday
countdown calendar what do they call
these to call them something special
what is it what's so every day all the
way up until Christmas you pull off a
piece and inside it is like looking
there it is a chocolate whoa eat it your
first advent calendar Colin you're nine
years old never had one of those it's
called an advent calendar no yes it's
called chocolate look you guys see this
stuff right here this is a five hundred
thousand dollar year in Domino three
Guinness World Records video right and
the reason I'm showing you that it's
because Gale hooked us up with a big fat
box the Domino's to entertain the kids
today so earlier early today we're gonna
be experimenting with some Domino's and
then I also wanted to show you something
I've been kind of working on over the
past couple days is an idea I guess this
is like a sketch board and you can see
kind of where we're going with it take
hold on my team
let - oh um let - um let me know what
you think about that and then let me
know what you think about cyb chase your
dreams it like a mantra I'm trying to
experiment with from the beginning of
this channel one of the biggest things
that we've always kind of touched on was
was if you have a dream it's up to you
it's your obligation to chase after that
dream because you never know what you
can achieve unless you try
and a lot of people say you know
dreamers never make it
dreams are unachievable but it's not
true people are following and chasing
their dreams and capturing them every
single day and you have that same power
so I feel like a really wanna like get
behind that idea and and push it so
chase your dreams is just something I've
been trying to draw on concept I
actually came up with this this is this
is just really rough but I wanted to do
kind of like a calligraphy type design I
guess and maybe a monogram type I don't
know this is just where I'm this is my
drafting and contacting stage and now
that the office is done it's really time
to start putting the pedal to the metal
we've got a lot of fun ideas that I want
to start putting out there and seeing
what you guys think about so yeah last
night we kind of just like took a step
back we look at what we achieved and
appreciate what's happening and and
today this weekend the following year
2017 is gonna be it's gonna be amazing
I've learned a lot this past year and
you guys have been right along with me
so I thank you from the bottom of my
heart for being part of our process part
of our journey you get to see me chasing
after my dreams and I hope that inspires
you guys to do the same so please
promise me that if you have a dream and
you have a goal that you want to achieve
you're gonna take the steps to capture
that I want you guys to I want you guys
to feel that achievement because looking
at the office last night I was like wow
that started from nothing and we put in
so much hard work and now it's finally
finished and I know you guys are done
hearing about it and it'll be it'll be
kind of like a thing of the past now
that it's finished but I just really
think it's awesome so we are gonna get
ourselves ready for the day we're gonna
do some really fun stuff today make sure
you come back tomorrow
that my friends is where I will leave
you for today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
