that's right guys tomorrow is the day ah
tomorrow morning bright and early by the
time you're watching this video I will
already be setting up all of my stuff to
be out here in our new office you know
how exciting that is that is exciting
enough to slap as many lights on today's
videos you possibly can part of the
present as you know YouTube has been
broken anything and who doesn't want
ridiculous number of likes on their
video I mean just draw it lumps up
because that is super exciting and this
project is finally over I do have to
take tonight to get literally everything
else out of here but before we do that I
made of my son of promise I told him
that I would take them anywhere you
wanted to go and that's what we're doing
tonight person are you ready
we're gonna go let's go did you decide
where you want to go Twitter you want to
go to Toys R Us you want to make a toy
review yeah okay alright alright well
get your stuff on we're getting out of
here honey Wise's ain't no real icing
again you like that little man ice cream
face your belly
what that's the biggest bad man I've
ever seen look at him where's the girl :
okay
these dudes are literally in heaven
right now I always get so nostalgic when
I come into toy stores because they
didn't have the toys that they have
today like when I was a kid I mean look
like spider-man of course he was around
back then but look at these things
actually shoot next to shoot webs
there's a web thing we always had to do
like that thing that kids don't do
anymore all pretending yeah we had to
use our imagination we had to actually
like but we didn't have something to
shot webs good to make something that
shot web
run through
nothing like a in store and taped
lightsaber battle he's made up his mind
so so that's really what you want this
minecraft survival mode playset what do
you think buddy are you happy with your
purchase this would be about the time
when I was a kid this would be about the
time when I was a kid I would have
instant buyer's remorse if you don't
know that is buyer's remorse it's when
you spend a lot of money on something
and you tell yourself you wanted it you
finally get it and then you're like oh
no you start to feel bad about spending
that kind of money well I think you'll
be happy alright it's yours it's all
yours dig in buddy he said he wanted to
do a tour review on it but then I said
we don't have time tonight to film that
and you go alright I'm not doing a tour
review on it he just wants to open it
just look look look look look buddy yeah
there you go this is a vlog review right
what is that how you doing up there my
love tired when she's got her robe on
and she's sitting on the couch
meanwhile me and the kids are down here
and full-on Minecraft play mode Carson
what do you think of it it's pretty cool
actually okay so instead of doing a full
tour review I guess on this one we'll
show you some of the features basically
there they're not single blocks that you
build there's sections right and you
Minecraft fans will love this
they have like torches and little spots
on the wall where you can put your
torches right pretty cool this is what
the waterfall does let's show them this
crafting table right so it's got the are
these diamonds yes okay so you got to
put three diamonds and two sticks to
make what a diamond diamond pickaxe
alright so put that last diamond in
there
you show them what this cool box does
open it okay okay hmm what my mind is
blown right now ding ding ding ding oh
no there's no diamonds no diamond the
treasure has already been found I was
skeptical at first like wait what are
these these are pieces they're not
they're like full sections they're not
actual blocks you can build with it but
it's still kind of cool because they say
you can make over 50 different
combinations which
I can't see them make it 15 combination
what's on the box it has to be true what
what you do
really oh no don't put the diamond in
there thank you what's wrong with her
hands are they sticky we got the key
here
she's been stuffing our lip look at her
do you need some chapstick Liza daddy
got you who's interested over losing
Chester gonna have her daddy
there you go chef stick it up oh yeah
nice looking good all right
they were down here rough husband no
night lousy day love you say man I
looked all the Gladius good night
tomorrow no oh oh my I think you made a
good choice
yeah good choice buddy and I'm not doing
you over to her okay
okay so not only did he get that
minecraft set but he got three other
little toys that he wants to do a little
toy review on so we'll do that soon no
he doesn't
really
some kids with the bed right and to come
out here and I have to take everything
and I mean everything out of here so
that we could get ready for the carpet
and today I wanted I couldn't leave you
guys something and just say I'm getting
the carpet by the time you see the next
video the carpets going to show up so
instead it's time to get the carpet this
is embarrassing
yeah I had a really cool idea for a
night to morning transition where we did
you know that just then when I take that
it the carpet would be here but it's not
apparently the carbon guys had a serious
delay and they won't be here for another
hour and it's already like 2:00 o'clock
so so uh all that life I just gave you
is for nothing because you don't get to
see the car but yet but make sure you
come back tomorrow because hopefully by
then they haven't yeah and I just got
off the phone with the furniture company
the couch was supposed to be delivered
today also but I call them because I
said hey hey I haven't got a call my
couch gonna be delivered today and then
she goes your couch isn't scheduled for
delivery and I'm like what's the couches
that come in today and I'm just saying
okay all right okay all right okay
I'm gonna find some
and we're going out tomorrow yeah but
before think it's completely wait for me
I gotta tell you guys it is time to
leave you here I do apologize for the
further the - it's not here so make sure
you come back tomorrow we do have a live
stream tonight I'm gonna push it back to
probably I've seen my Twitter because
after they're done I'm literally moving
everything out here and the live stream
is happening tonight so it's gonna be
super super fun for those you are
watching this and our DK you know we had
fun we had that's all I care of you guys
today so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back tomorrow
