hey guys today is a good day not because
there's a police officer behind me trust
me I didn't do anything wrong I'm good
my parallel parking skills are boss
because I just froze right in between a
police car and this Chrysler very small
spot but I am a expert parallel Parker
we're about to go in and see Jeremy and
we're gonna get this all whipped up
I don't know if we're gonna put the hard
part in today but uh definitely
definitely getting excited for this new
hairstyle I hope you guys are too
Jeremy it just comes around it's time
for the part yeah I'm a little bit
nervous though
this dude just got back from Disney how
old Rick all right
just busy running one like a vacation
because went there nine o'clock ten
o'clock and evening every they say house
place on earth for a kid I'm ready
it's too bad man
you got me in like the 1950s slick look
I like it like I do it all crazy dude I
look like I should be on one of those
murder mysteries yeah yeah did you think
I was serious for a second first Blitzer
all right now now I'll get it all crazy
this is more like style no now look like
I'm in this century all right I feel so
I don't know what it is guys getting a
new haircut
this makes you feel good agree or
disagree makes me feel good okay quick
stop here loves so I can get some I got
some more trim I need four more pieces
to finish out everything in the office
we can only put up the part where the
nola or the vinyl is because pardon me
because the carpet hasn't gone in yet
and well we can't put the trim up till
the carpet goes in see that girl right
there that's Angie she's helped me so
much with this flooring
love her nothing but good things those
give her a raise just think about this
for a second we started this journey
almost three months ago and now we've
reached the point where like it's it's
over project complete and it feels
really good to be done with it because I
I mean we're not done with it yeah but
I'm envisioning like we're we're done
it's time to move on and I'm so excited
for the future and I want to thank you
guys for sticking it out with me I guess
even though like this has been a long
ongoing process we've done a lot of work
to get to this point don't be afraid to
tackle a big project because when you're
finished with it the feeling of
accomplishment that you
that I can't even it's not even fully
finished yet and I feel like we've
conquered the world so no matter what no
matter what you want to accomplish no
matter what you want to accomplish no
matter how big it seems no matter how
unachievable it may feel you can do it
it always takes just one step at a time
and you'll eventually reach the finish
line slow and steady wins the race you
don't have to get there overnight
sometimes that will never happen but I
think this room is proof of that
you work hard you put in a lot of hours
hard work it's gonna pay off for you so
I'll leave you with questions gray or
tan gray again you're itching to build
everything aren't you yeah I know you're
excited and this looks like a supercool
gingerbread house right we got this one
because Eliza absolutely loves Minnie
Mouse and there's a bunch of cool little
cans and everything so this kit comes
with everything you need it's got
gingerbread panels for the front back
sides and roof it's got icing the
gumdrops the candy the Mickey shaped
candy pieces for window peas one paper
kit or we can build our gingerbread
house it is Wednesday and if you guys
don't know every Wednesday at 5 p.m. we
have a live stream where I hang out with
you on Twitch the link is in the
description I wish you guys would check
it out every Wednesday Friday and Sunday
Wednesday and Fridays at 5 p.m. and
Sundays at 10 a.m. all Eastern Time
so uh yeah it's time to Street oh look I
didn't show you guys yet I also picked
these things up for the dogs look this
big rubber toy super heavy-duty no way
they're chewing that up they actually
are playing with it and I also got this
one too it's making flavored that's
right
they seem to like them yeah I get it
girls yeah
we're gonna try and fill this one with
peanut butter and see what they do yeah
yeah if you missed the last video
basically what happened her what did
what an angel baby she chewed up our
carpet I had to buy a little runner to
put over that spot because the carpets
exposed and nasty and well I mean we
can't really or to carpet this whole
room again it's the carpet in here is
only like 2 years old and our new puppy
destroyed it for us and doir didn't
target any pizza I love pizza
would you like some pizza Norman Norman
say hi to say hi to the vlog Norman tell
everyone how many how many live years we
had at one time 201 see it's really
difficult to get what we call retention
or conversion right like from my YouTube
audience to go over to twitch and Alessa
we only get what on average maybe 50 yes
not many and today we actually tried
something different which was actually
put a little notification video on the
YouTube channel and a lot of you guys
join and that was super super awesome I
hope you had fun yeah as always come
back if you want to every Wednesday
Friday and Saturday you know the deal I
said it's free to make an account yeah
but basically Veronica's made pizza the
live streams over we're gonna go eat and
then Carson are you ready to build a
gingerbread house yeah
Rebelde Ginebra house what you got is
that the itsy-bitsy spider is it
itsy-bitsy spider so it is the holiday
season right in the thumb best most
awesome way to get into the holiday
spirit to build our very own gingerbread
house the icing pouch Collins closet and
busted open but we have these like icing
bags are here so we're gonna transfer
the icing from the pouch into this icing
bag that we can control the flow up and
we're gonna get it out by using a
rolling pin
yep what steady for me what look how
smart your dad is oh it's full of air
okay call him pull out the metal bag yep
nice and slow nice and easy easy you got
it nice and slow
voila good job we did it
they meet that right there the shrub
with
the Orion 1st 2016 Christmas season
gingerbread house what do you think of
it tree is like calling the following
like it's a little groupie and this is
one you know what I think should happen
it's a fresh snowfall it's a fresh
snowfall no no Chris mom it's super good
and now it's covered in snow and
decoration okay my turn
moms are making Christmas cookies yeah
well your Christmas cookies are way
better than that
yeah boys are just holiday cookies
we don't the most epic gingerbread house
even better than last year you like that
one yeah cuz we didn't do a fresh
snowfall last year stuck together
that's still one cookie right good night
love you it's current-day we didn't know
log last night we ended up going right
to sleep pretty much as soon as the kids
did I was tired man but I will say this
I kept looking at my hair yesterday I
was like do I like you sure
- like this hard part oh it's different
but different doesn't have to be bad
it's like when it's like when when Apple
comes out with a new operating system a
new iOS everyone flips their brain
because it's different new nobody knows
what the heck's going on and they're
familiar stuff is just gone but that
doesn't mean it's bad so different I
don't know I'm just trying to get
comfortable with it again let me know in
the comments is the hard part
yeah or mmm
we are already far enough into this new
day Carson's already home from school
I've already gone and done some work for
today we're back home Carson actually
promised him that we were gonna go
somewhere wherever he wanted because he
wants to go back up and spend some more
of his birthday money where's he gonna
go what's he gonna buy find out tomorrow
on the exciting conclusion of where's
Carson going alright guys that is all
the time I got for you today I want to
say thank you guys so much for watching
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
