hey guys welcome to the video today I'm
I'm getting ready for a video shoot this
evening I'm going to see my friends at
the natural remedies massage place again
and we've been working on a video
together and tonight I'm shooting an
interview section and I don't know if I
ever showed you guys in the vlog before
but right now I'm gonna show you what
kind of gear I take when I'm filming
stuff like this so check it out
okay one of the most critical pieces of
equipment of course is the camera that
you use and I always shoot video with
what I claimed to be my most favorite
camera the Panasonic gh4 and I Rock the
Olympus 12 to 40 this is the Olympus pro
12 to 40 F 2.8 and we're shooting an
interview you have to be also concerned
with good audio I record audio
separately through a field recorder and
I use the zoom h4n which is a really
really good clean audio recorder also
very very good piece of gear so aside
from the actual recording the audio you
have to also have a really good
microphone and I have two options first
is the rode videomic pro I have a dead
cat on here this is just like a
windscreen but a really good shotgun mic
directional doesn't really catch sound
behind it but what's right right in
front of the microphone I also use a
lavalier microphone this one's from rode
Rhodes lavalier mic very very nice
balanced sound out of this microphone
I've also used I have the Sennheiser mic
that came with our wireless packs the
Sennheiser mic is very very wide it's
almost like a stereo microphone this one
has a nice solid pattern great for
vocals I'm gonna leave links in the
description so you guys can check out
this stuff on Amazon because I think
this is gear that I highly recommend if
you're into making videos and stuff like
that this is definitely good stuff for
you to have this is like a clamp an
articulating arm I will set my monitor
and my field recorder on clamps like
this attached to the tripod so I have
everything I need right there with me
quick-release tripod plate one's gotta
have extra batteries as you
when you're recording audio is very very
important to make sure you can hear it
so always take headphones in just in
case we find ourselves in like a
situation where we want to walk around
and have a person talk while they're
walking around which is a nice little
added touch we can use the wireless mic
pack so we're not tripling triple-e
tripping over wires this is a Atomos
ninja blade and basically it's a field
monitor so I can preview my shot right
on this screen and it's full touchscreen
what's cool about this is it takes a
solid-state hard drive that slides right
in there and I can record I can record
video and audio through HDMI straight to
this thing which I mean it makes it
makes the filming process so incredibly
easy and I've really started to fall in
love with this thing the first video I
shot using that ninja blade was the
rewind video which as you guys can tell
was shot quite differently from all the
vlogs but definitely makes previewing
shots way way easier I'll show you guys
what that looks like once we get it all
set up but yeah we've got some work to
do today we're gonna drop the kids off
at my mom's mom thanks for watching the
kids born in China we're floating
tonight food to meet moms making them
tacos for dinner it's not Tuesday but
he's talking Monday all right we gotta
go we're gonna be late
be good okay daddy mommy be back soon
good okay you back soon
be good okay we'll be back soon right
let's do this Polly how are you she's
like you want to float first and bronze
like boy it's nice and warm in here
innit are you cited I'll be working
while you're relaxing check this out
this is this is how the whole system
works everything together everything
that I showed you in my bag is now set
up and this is pretty much how it all
works so she has a wireless mic on a
little lavalier clipped to her shirt and
that goes into the audio so this is the
zoom and the audio goes into the camera
and then we have HDMI out running to our
monitor where I can see literally
everything I'm telling you guys this
thing is so so cool and so useful I have
all kinds of meters I've got zebra right
so I can tell when it's - let's say you
can tell when it's overexposed and dial
it in right we've got video waveforms
here we can record and playback we can
hear all of our all of our audio from
here as well so like this is the perfect
little modular setup to have a beautiful
display showing you what cameras seeing
obviously you can use to flip out but
this is much bigger and I'm telling you
it's just a the best way that I found to
run an interview style set up this is
for interview I would just be pretty
pretty straight to the point I'm Holly
with natural remedies massage and you've
got to do I'm Holly with natural
remedies massage do yourself a favor
I'm Holly with natural remedies massage
do yourself a favor and float with us
okay now good but I want a little bit of
separation
I'm calling from natural remedies
massage do yourself a favor and come
flood with us I'm Holly and natural
remedies massage do yourself a favor
with us my that was good she's nailed it
and I'm right outside the dream room
yelling what's interesting is how life
presents opportunities and I feel like I
gotta tell you guys this because it just
happened and it's fresh in my head but I
came up with the idea and it's not a new
idea I'm sure people do this stuff all
the time but I had an idea like a
business idea to create video for
realtors to help sell their properties
right and I actually told James about
this a little while ago because you've
been watching my vlogs cuz I just did
that kind of work which honestly I
didn't but the reason I'm telling you
this is there was a couple in here just
now
and they were discussing with me the
same exact idea then I come up with to
come to their cabins and film their
property and use that as a tool to help
promote their business and I've just
gotta say how awesome is that these
types of opportunities will hit you in
the face but you just have to be awake
enough to realize that so keep your eyes
open I'm floating now hey
plastic so how was your flu post blowing
yes mm-hmm
well I'm gonna leave these guys with you
because it's my turn you can go get some
food Oh Oh careful
you can go get us some food if you are
taking a nap you got an hour oh I'll see
you an hour okay I can't describe the
amount of relaxation I just experienced
it's been over an hour
hey what's up girl it's been over an
hour
and I just that I can't say enough good
things about this flip on
it's clean huh drama kids to go through
and clean this every time someone you
poly my babies are at home I gotta go
get them yeah thank you so much yeah
this is awesome
so he gave us Chipotle
did you know that Chipotle opened their
very ever furred burger joint
in Lancaster right here in Lancaster do
you know have you had tasty maids as it
good
taste it and we're gonna get Chipotle
but I think I want to stop by tasting me
alright doesn't look like we're missing
much from the inside but I guess the
real task what does it taste like I
think that'll be it
wait wait what's the bacon sauce it's my
first time here it's our signature sauce
that goes on the burger you can get it
in a time
oh it already comes on it okay yeah on
the pace you may come from the burger
all right let's do it
I'm literally gonna eat this right here
in the drive-through and tell you what
it tastes like right here at the window
first thing I got vanilla shake now too
thick it's going banana shake thank you
so much the first taste of the tasty
made burger where's the burger
I'm going to compare it right now
mistaken cheek
okay the flavors there the employees are
looking at us through the window like
what are you still doing there there's a
double option
but only if there's no other ones anyway
the kids snowman that's not know me as
Santa Santa all that stress relief she's
floating
it was wonderful but then I just get a
call from Dallas a FaceTime and he
showed me this my car back
here's the bad part Veronica literally
went through the whole house and picked
up anything the dogs could have chewed
on before we left so yeah there's my
there's my carpet all nice and tack
strip and oh that's that's just perfect
that text rips ticking right up it's
gonna poke your feet out or Eliza's feet
just cover it up Big Daddy style
newspaper over the PA hoop oh okay my
friends since the last time I saw you
which was just
Mirek seconds ago there's been even more
trouble in my life
so last night right we came home and the
dogs ripped up the carpet which
fantastic but what Dallas didn't tell us
was there was dog poo in here that was
smeared all over the floor so we
literally spent until 1:00 o'clock last
night mopping up the floor and getting
this place back cleaned up what a mess
so I'm not gonna give up on my dogs I
can't just do that so we have now
reached a dawn of vigorous training
we're gonna get them a bunch of toys and
teach them that you know you chew on
this not on this and we're just gonna
get them into shape early this morning I
woke up to go do some more work with
Dale and one of the dogs clearly having
a bellyache from all the carpet fibers
they last night and we had more mess to
clean this morning and our water pump
was out basically what happened is the
pressure switch went bad which caused
the connection to stay closed and the
water wouldn't work and we didn't have
time to deal with this morning so so so
we had all these things just happen that
sucks you know right after
night of relaxation which was wonderful
we came home to some really severe
Downers and and that sucked really bad
but but right after all this bad stuff
happens there's this little light of
hope right as soon as I get to work
the guy calls me for the carpet and says
we had a cancelation and we'll be there
tomorrow
what that means is tonight we have to
really crush all the last finishing
touches for the office to make sure that
the carpet is the final final step and
it'll be done this Friday
so hopefully Friday's livestream will
happen out in the office and I can't
tell you how excited I am
whew all that bad stuff just happened
and then this one thing just lifted me
right back up I'm all the way up in the
clouds and I hope you guys can take
something from that like no matter how
much you feel like everything is just
pushing you down there's just one thing
that will happen to you that will bring
you right back up to where you need to
be so don't lose hope so my friends
that's where I'm gonna leave you for
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching thanks for enduring this
painful day with me and we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
