we're having what I believe is
Thanksgiving meal number six by this
lady right here Veronica made the gravy
no one feels lumpy taste all right
this dude's had some issues with this
here look Caleb got a soundbar who you
ain't brought black fighting got it you
got a soundbar man I can't get this
quarter I'm sorry I hate to call you out
but where is it it's it it's the optical
audio coordinate if you can't remember
use those there's a really particular
outlet that those go in not that right
there so I'm gonna show them that that
actually goes in there basically if you
guys aren't tech savvy optical audio is
the absolute best connection that you
can give between your TV and your
soundbar
there are other cables that you can use
like this is almost like a standard
speaker wire cable some there's an aux
cable just like a headphone jack pretty
much but the absolute best one is that
optical audio so if you have the option
you have the cord that comes with your
sound bar always use that because it'll
give you the best sound performance okay
okay perfect so that's how you know that
it's actually connected properly on the
TV and there's only one certain way if
you look at it there's only one certain
way that this cable will go in there so
you got to match that up
ready ready Caleb it's pretty hard told
you I couldn't get it oh you know I
there is a uh huh did you take the cap
off the other one nope
serious that's why there is a little cap
on the end of it
these things are pretty sensitive so I
can't believe that even went in the TV
with that cap
I'm righty red light all right here we
go watch it's gonna be magically you're
gonna be that baby all right now we're
gonna blast the sound we're gonna blow
this room up and Caleb's like the all
you sucks the bass isn't very loud so
I'm like dude you gotta change it here
look so you're gonna hit whoa fur yeah
is there batteries in here dude try to
tell me there was no battery first
remote package and guess what we found
what are we find it was at the very
bottom
it was one of those little round button
type batteries CRO 32 or something like
that we've got everything fixed up the
subwoofers dialed in it's a maxed out
this thing is actually super super loud
way better than mine I'll trade you Liza
what did you do
where she said she said put it on
ziplock bag so I'm like all right we got
deviled eggs
so just made egg salad
Lisa wants to hold it Oh test your mom
and say please go with the plate
drop it Liza you got it girl she was
dancing but nothing too shy he's coming
with us
I've adopted him he's mine he's my son
now Caleb you're my boy what she said 18
hey thanks for dinner amber it's delish
we love you long time
okay see you soon now I really didn't
have any specific plans today other than
take a nice and easy as it is Sunday
Walking Dead comes on tonight so we do
have to take a little break for that but
this upcoming week is the final stretch
for this office and getting everything
perfectly prepared for the carpet it's
my job tonight no notice I started
reading this card the wall
the white that I want and this is a
waterproof pee so it will help keep any
type of moisture
tries to come in here out we're just
good but as you can see we stopped out
here so we keep going all over that now
the trend as you notice the trim isn't
up yet I would love nothing more than to
get that in so that we can see what
everything looks like but I don't know
exactly how thick the carpets gonna be
so I don't know how far down to put the
trim so unfortunately I can't really do
that yet but there is a lot of cleaning
that we could do rinses these top rails
for the garage door they need wiped off
from all the splattering that we did the
same with the garage or the same the
windows we gotta do some caulking and
sealing yeah I said cop ink more cocking
in the ceiling I need to figure out what
exactly to do with the fuse panel cuz
currently the fuse panel is just well
that and I have a steel cover for it but
I'm trying to consider maybe making a
wood door for it that would match that
so I came out here start with a pellet
stove so it'll get nice and warm in here
so that after the walking dead and come
out here it's smashing
well
Sushil
Booya
it's not
yeah let me show you a needle that works
here hold on yeah there's still blue
tape on there but basically you got the
blue on the white brick and then when
you see the carpet I was just telling
Veronica yeah all this stuff over here
Oh what now but when the carpet goes in
it's gonna look so different we're gonna
have this the wood green white accent
and the gray wall
favorite eager to sleep now
it's late right
twelve-thirty oh well kids are all
asleep then it is Sunday evening so
we're gonna hit the weak hard this week
we've got a lot of things happening
tomorrow night we're gonna go do some
photos for the float tank again and
Veronica and I are gonna float which is
gonna be a nice little stress reliever
and we're trying to do some challenge
this week it's gonna be a fun week so
don't you guys go anywhere any final
words good night sleep tight thank you
for watching and we'll see each and
every one of you right back here
