you know when they say keep your nose
clean this is what they're talking about
it's like a blackheads trip I know it's
gross but you gotta keep your nose clean
that was faithful TV well it did a vlog
no parking
rabble oh we're uh I brought Caleb in to
town because I need to get a couple
last-minute things for the office but
we're also gonna look at some Christmas
lights yeah we gotta get a couple
last-minute things like I needed a
couple extra long screws to fix the
outlets on that would accent wall I
already started painting the brick white
but I need another brush stir sticks and
then I'm gonna try and find
when Christmas lights last year we
didn't do Christmas lights and I want to
do them this year I want to make it
extra special this year but I also heard
about this thing that they have called a
dark hour or something like that
literally one spotlight you put in the
yard and it lights up the full house so
we're gonna check into those two well
there is no shortage of options here
holy cow these are these are kind of
cool but not the lasers that I was
seeing that's a pretty neat design green
red blue white oh here it is
whoa crazy look how cool this thing is
you can hang your lights on the on the
house from the gutter or shingle
shingles or just wood studs with these
clips in this big long pole it's pretty
awesome they're also making these
Wireless outlets so you can just plug
your lights into these boxes and then
hit a button and boom your lights are on
my dad would have us go outside and
actually plug the lights in the
tournament and there's so many so many
days we never had our lights on just
because we were too lazy cob plug them
in that's easy
yeah but boom inside all right okay our
car didn't get stolen or towed that's
good no one's broccoli I'll grow that
broccoli is gonna be a feature member in
our vlogs for years to come no matter
how moldy it gets broccoli I'm gonna
keep pulling it out okay this is the
Walmart option star laser $25 you can
get red and green or hohoho
I don't know what it is guys you come
into these stores look everything around
here is Christmas everything is
Christmas Christmas tree your dog right
Christmas everywhere
all right here.look points of light it
just stop me if I'm wrong or just put
you in like the holiday spirit all right
do are you in the holiday spirit
dude let's try this yeah I'm definitely
in look you're in the spirit that's lame
that is kind of lame see what I mean
Christmas shop everything Christmas
someone said someone said on the last
livestream that we should put a
Christmas tree in the office I think
that's a great idea just a little
Christmas tree for the office one of
these little guys not a white one that's
too crazy one like a like a white
Christmas tree what about this look this
has like snow on already how cool is
that
dude Christmas guys if this is a
Christmas vlog everything about it 9
bucks you can't beat it and it's flocked
did you know that that was flocked bro
you could get a flocked tree and it's
already flocked what does that even mean
alright we're gonna do about this two
ways we've got a standard set of lights
right here 500 multicolor LED lights
okay if that don't look great we've got
a backup laser light show right here
extension cords whole nine yards we're
getting it done today
hey this lady see you know how in
Walmart they have the people of light
back by the door and like they do it at
Sam's Club more often they'll like check
your receipts and they make sure you've
paid for everything out she was like she
was like I need to see you receipt I
give her the receipt she's like what did
you what did you do with that card thing
I saw you have in your hand
looked like a gift card I was like my
debit card oh that must be it I was like
you spying on me she goes yeah so do I
look like I'm dishonest it's you man
it's you is your hand is your cocked up
hat look at you
I've been practicing yo where's Carson I
got Christmas lights laughs we need to
go outside and hang up Christmas lights
it will only take like five minutes
let's go five minutes I tried to get the
lights unraveled I know I don't know
where I went wrong but uh help me out of
these this is tougher than I thought we
should just go different route that was
seriously funny I feel like I feel like
I have actually done that before I've
gotten myself all wrapped up in lights
well we're gonna try this thing out see
how well it does shower no this is the
star shower and maybe it'll be a lot
quicker and easier than string and
lights and look super super cool is a
light can remove this sticker to
activate light sensor who's ready to see
some lights who's ready to see some
lights let's do it come on
that is epic
can you see it on camera holy cow I
think we need to be farther back to be
honest yeah what do you think well what
do you think we don't need Christmas
lights that's awesome dude that actually
works that's kind of cool
yeah it's awesome yeah saves a whole lot
of time I guess I had an idea though in
innovation you have a camera on that
light thing right on the laser and it's
hooked to a smartphone app and on the
smartphone app you can draw along all
your eaves and stuff so that wherever
you draw the laser will only shoot a
light on that part so it's just like
stringing lights and it only shoots the
laser along the tops and the peaks and
stuff or the windows or whatever
whatever you draw on it that's where the
lights would show up half developers get
to work
I want to see that and if only you can
change like what colors you want oh yeah
yeah for sure I'd be pretty cool all
right we gotta go eat
oh yeah as old people you guys are you
guys are a drone right now all eyes are
the giant I believe this is round five
she's showing off her artwork Maddie
it's beautiful isn't it
Maddie tell her so much beautiful are
you've ever seen your life joy do it
I'll break it off and uh thank you for
dinner yours your dinner was the best no
all of them yeah he's so good
number five stay alive these are so good
tell us by the time you see this she
already will have you guys remember the
last time Nikolas showed up we played
some Jeremy loose Aaron we're just gonna
play some stuff you tell us in the
comments what song it is all right
my way feel me
drop me a mod like winning the reindeer
I'd be a mama like a southbound train to
me here my me only the iron
boring in the Sun when it starts to snow
only know you
you know when you missing home only know
you're loving you let it go how are some
welcome to the Dark Side of the Moon
after all I knew had to be something
I really no matter what happens now and
then as long as you'll be my friend at
the end if I go crazy then will you
still call me Superman you were a fast
car I wanted to give it to anyway maybe
we could make a deal maybe together we
could get somewhere anyplace is better
stop from zero got nothing to lose and
maybe we'll make something me myself I
got nothing to prove
got a big ever happy - you said you
really might know what it's like see
there if I know
you're in my Nora slide there it might
know waterslide sinner in the mind the
words lie
four more exist my apartment I am
tempted keep the car and try leave it
all behind
to
what you got do you got daddy's Cologne
what's it smell like it's mantlet hey
give me that oh give me that
smell it smell it what's it smell like
give me she's literally walking around
here going smelling that stuff well
basically we had a pretty fun night
hanging out with friends and playing
some music and just kind of chill accent
and I hope you guys enjoy that type of
stuff it seems to me like every time we
put some music in the videos we get a
lot of positive feedback in like I said
before we plan on like when we get the
office space done I plan on having a
couple of guys over once a week and we
do some like cover songs and stuff like
that just for fun just because you know
for the love of music so it is Sunday
guys I hope you guys have a fantastic
rest of your weekend that's where we're
gonna end it for today I gotta get some
stuff done and we may possibly hang
actual lights on the house I'm gonna do
some work in the office because this
week we have the carpet going in so I've
got to make sure everything's ready for
that because the carpets the last stop
the wheels will be coming for the desk
we'll be able to bring all the equipment
out and really start moving forward and
I can't I can't tell you outside I have
to move past this project it's been a
long journey but now we're finally to
the end I hope you guys are as happy
about it as I am because it's it's been
long overdue so I have some more coffee
get this vlog up for you guys we're
gonna have even more fun tomorrow so
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
