we're going a little stir-crazy in here
we are currently getting ready to leave
for yet another Thanksgiving dinner at
Kathy's her stepmom and dad's house
Oh gives you an apartment Gretchen I
don't know what this is called but I got
you in a headlock
oh yeah what's wrong honey you want
daddy I was wiping her nose so she was
mad oh well I got chapstick if you want
your big girl she's so cute look at her
little outfit a little bit skirt dress
type deal with this it's just a random a
random bag of broccoli yep
hanging out in the chief as you know
today is Black Friday
you're watching this today I'm posting
its
purple Saturday
Small Business Saturday that's true but
seriously today is back what but I
wanted to go so we don't see this year
we weren't really participating in Black
Friday
Veronica usually goes with her mom
sometimes sister we didn't do it this
year so because we do a lot of our
shopping online Amazon is like key
people get crazy literally I remember
one year I saw a woman in a lane I saw a
woman get all bent out of shape because
someone grabbed a TV or something in
front of her and literally tried calling
the cops because this guy took her TV
yeah people get just like really crazy
and I don't get it
so that's not a we don't do that trash
that's a big bag of trash we ain't
smelling Thanksgiving dinner 2.0 here at
Grammys Grammy I'm literally doubling
over here cuz I'm like starving from
yesterday is it that was even possible
look check the spread favorite stuffing
right there cuz it's got like
cranberries and apples and stuff in it
dirty and dirty
that's our eternity turkey turkey green
bean casserole corn of course one of my
absolute favorites right there and
delicious sweet potatoes mashed potatoes
gravy oh we can't forget noodles over
here we're gonna eat here we're gonna
eat good so we're gonna eat good so it
hardly kokanee good girl we know
the kids are out here going crazy look
this is how she transforms her Libman
obviously the dining rooms a little too
small to fit us all so we've got like
three tables that look like three tables
big giant square and well just sit in
the living room last to the kitchen gets
no turkey okay dinner's done and now
it's time for dessert what what is
happening next week cookies here oh
that's right and we're gonna have to put
the Christmas tree soon what do you guys
want to go get a Christmas tree we have
together you guys have a giant tree
don't you Wow is it really it's a big
tree okay we we had a fake tree for
years and then bran was like I just
heard somebody say pumpkin rolls killer
honey I just put that on my plate
pumpkin roll it's really good what do
you know about mom hammer army what do
you guys know about pumpkin roll
I got that for you other than you tell
daddy daddy daddy oh look he's a good
job come here young you can't let go let
go of the basket it's okay Quentin here
can you tow Quentin you're sorry say I'm
sorry we're going on trip that's the
memory lane
here we go we're going on trips that's
the memory lane here's my dad and
Cathy's wedding dad and Kathy and all my
kids
how about here and there's a little
Britney
yeah running here and they still talk
shun Nikki with Santa here's me a ninja
there you go looks like we need to them
any arms
those kids so here's a picture my
step-brother was in the vlogs from last
Christmas because he was here right so
if you look back or you remember the
blogs from us business my step-brother
was in California he used to have a big
fro check out this picture it's him in
there dogs
that's this fro before and then after
Oh different oh yeah Brady used to play
softball - oh that one may always made
fun of me for because there's like laser
beams in the back the nice baby's hair
do guys know the wooden you cut off
frames they can get with the picture
they're sports pictures on I'm Tasha
dingleberry right there that's a picture
of me I think it's the hair we hardly
have any hair
yeah there's many many memories to go
through but I just wanted to show you
guys some of the cool funny flashback
pictures of the family's good times yeah
good job Liza clean it up get a girl
let's see that again do that dance move
I'm gonna slow it down
kandi thank you for dinner oh you are so
good okay so as everyone knows why is
this becoming a very big girl and Grammy
has something I was talking to her the
other day and she's like oh I have one
don't go by mine my seat will start
going to the potty go body like a
big-girl potty chair it's that time guys
it's time you go potty in there instead
of in your diapers I bought that one her
oldest brother told me it's been around
a while you go pee and go poop in there
yeah I like a big girl don't look how
this goes
all right who's ready to go
yeah we're gonna go play games the girls
yeah she's like done
it's been this but she's teething again
we think poor thing
40 I think mommy will teach you
everything you need to know about going
in the potty
she's a pro gonna get the potty all set
up huh the first step the first thing we
have to do is we have to put it in the
bathroom yeah you can sit on it however
you need to go pee here it comes isn't
potty chair in here you go Pete yeah
mommy sit right here with you go pee
here comes
I actually just changed it out too long
though and there's pee in her diaper so
she might not have to go change the pee
you guys sit back sit back once we get
it full on into this I think I'm gonna
have to just go buy like little panties
because normally once you're potty
training in May
angel no don't think once they either
have no diaper on and pee on the floor
and they realize that then that's when
you as soon as they make the mistake and
have the accident you have to scoop them
up and take them to where they're
supposed to go where they're supposed to
go potty so that way they can start
learning wait this is where I need to go
when I need this Hey great and there's
got to be a reward system and she does
go on the body you have to reward that
so you know she learns that that's what
she's supposed to do no we don't put
anything else in the potty
in there yet oh my we didn't have any
luck 1p today but we will try again
tomorrow morning going on the potty
she's getting so big
good it's nighttime now her baby lies
she's all ready for bed can you tell him
that night I just got back from Rome's
playing some games calling Carson did
you guys have fun yeah the groggy yeah
dude we totally have fun we gotta get
you guys in bed I know you're ready to
stay up all night but it's been the best
day ever
he's grumpy are you grumpy tired look
look look you see that
that means it's crazy right and it's
time for us to get some shut-eye so that
my friends where I'm gonna leave before
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching I can't wait to see you
right back here
tomorrow
