yes I have been rocking this same board
for a good minute I think it's time to
get a brand new board
well why just buy a board when I can
actually show you the process of how
snowboards are made that's exactly what
we're gonna do today but I can't go
alone I'm gonna need a buddy Roman yo
you remember that artwork that I showed
you with the boards this off yeah it's
time we got to go play right now we
gotta go
somebody our crazy killer I get beat up
every time game wait can i play yeah
player out of this and then go and then
shoe that b-roll traffic sequence
funny how you can like past six hours a
night in a hotel and probably 20 some
random stops at gas stations in just one
quick travel sequence little disclaimer
guys also I'm super super sick I'm
coming down with cold so if it comes out
on camera I do apologize but trust me
bear with me today's vision is super
cool bear so close to Gil scent and I
can't wait till you guys see this Roman
are you pumped for your Bors goggle up
well it's almost dawn palmtop need some
coffee
um you got me sick seriously are you
ready for a board I'm so ready bonus
there is note we are here to make custom
boards and rubs design you've already
seen which is so cool my design I came
up with super last minute but I actually
turned out to be something you know
really cool again
okay so we are here at Gilson guys yo
Nick Nick what's up yo why are we so
pumped to get a bit of a Gilson board
yeah well the first thing to know is
that we actually build all of our boards
in three dimensions so if you look here
we've got the soft edge and the pouch in
on these two runners and so essentially
what that does it allows you to lift
your steel up off the snow giving you a
super buttery playful surfy ride badge
instead of just cut cut cut you can
actually float and drift and pop so for
those of you on Rails and boxes our
butter pad and park board same thing
with our all-mountain with us
in this way it's got this really fun
surface here for gybing the Berlin steel
ledge here and the soft edge which means
that you can keep a super sharp steel
edge without ever worrying about hanging
up on a box or rail or even port sliding
on the tree you have a patent one of the
only patents or this type of technology
yeah we have three patents in the space
which is pretty cool so nobody else is
making boards this way because that's so
rad yeah yes sir actually if you can go
back far enough Austin and I were a
middle school science teachers would be
applied for the first intellectual
property we started this company totally
by accident a couple of hours ago but I
usually wash your TEDx talk Oh No yeah
learning to fail yeah exactly yeah
you're gonna have to look it up it's
actually really good to hear you talk
about that about how failure is a huge
part of becoming successful yeah I mean
it's pardon my cold dude I've been
really important in our case you know a
lot of innovation here has come from you
know it's never one and done right it's
either from the lessons learned over
repeated failures right total accident
right but rarely are you just like yeah
let's do this and then it works first
right speaking of repeated failure you
should show us that first board now you
want to say yeah let's see the first
board
this is the original prototype one built
this guy when I was about 14 years old
and it really and this is actually what
originally got us thinking about
starting the company when we were middle
school science teachers we brought this
in and showed our students saying you
know we're here it's just what I was
thinking about after school this is what
I was working on and they started their
own year-long curiosity projects and an
act of solidarity Austin and I returned
to this idea and actually if you look at
what we built with our students it's not
Salazar heavy very yes yes but it's the
same exact base concept this was a total
failure
oh really way too much material in here
and if you look at this just imagine
China like your your analogy is like
riding a canoe as well yeah that's what
Austin said it was like trying to ride a
canoe downtown it's so poorly you're
stubborn we still rode this one for four
days and what we ended up realizing is
that the idea itself was not a failure
but the other execution was too too deep
of a channel yes too deep no soft edge
so this whole thing is uh-oh the soft
edge was a reactionary designed to this
failure that's what everyone
so Nick I met at Mad River Mountain as
you know a year ago and we tried board
and I loved it like fell in love with
this board so and I was like from that
moment I need to have a Gilson boards
and here we are today to build our very
own custom heel support so good to have
you I'm so ready let's do this
Austin is head of operations around here
he makes sure everything gets built
right process start to finish
kind of the short floor
so we're in the
first round mr. Witt shop
the heart of the snowboard and the very
first step is getting that snowboard
when to this
this is our plastic room this is
sublimation so we have four different
types of plastics first thing that we do
is we'll take our graphic in the
illustrator and print it out when
sublimation paper and ink the plastic go
down first and then the paper was going
out on top I saw what ink is gonna go
straight to gas so now that ink is
gasifying going directly into that
plastic so you're gonna have a perfect
face mmm yeah that's funny and
everything but we need to keep moving
all right now we're entering the
plastics room where we'll have final
prep and we'll actually put our edge
onto our board so first step what we're
gonna do right here is we're gonna get
these inserts which I wasn't quite drug
lined up with our inserts in our jig and
what that does it allows us to align the
core to the base and that'll go in there
like
and now what we're going to do is we're
going to take our router we're going to
router it to shape
and we're about to catch the middle way
around
and when it's all done you literally
have a board hugger with clamps
okay so clamps check what what's next
now we're taking all those pieces from
all these different rooms all right now
we're taking all our pieces that we've
just had gotten all the other rooms so
I'm gonna hand you off to Nick right
here and you gotta lay up your board
how many pounds pressure is this fifty
pounds fifty pounds of pressure water
filled up this container it's like you
presses it all together means it's
cracking right now
thinking about all those layers we just
put together with epoxy fiberglass and
look for and steel edge it's all just
being smooshed together right now that's
what makes it strong and flex
ready
that buttery
oh my look at this
Bonnie comes ghillie kill that's super
cool looks so excited to do the boobs
look amazing what's now so now it's a
it's still a snowboard square we've just
taken out and secured we're gonna take
to our finish room they're gonna cut it
out and make it a snowboard that you can
ride let's go
all right the final process is complete
the holes been drilled everything's
ready to go except they're just taking
off this top stick
Holden aye here we go so that's it guys
the last step is actually putting wax on
the base of the board and my man Austin
just finishing it off you don't want to
thank you guys so much Austin and you
Nick I appreciate you and Roman I mean
what do you think yeah and you put your
hands in there that's work so I want to
give these guys a big huge shout out
thank you guys so much for real you're
gonna see us shred these boards very
very soon but I want you to go give some
love to these guys go check out their
website Gilson snow calm get yourself a
bore
