what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
are in the middle of Charlotte yes look
at this view
it's super fun huh it's a big building I
hope the weather does not ruin our plans
for the day because that that suck
basically we are in town in a
sponsorship with suave and we're going
to the NASCAR race to have a really cool
day lined up for us and it's gonna be
fun it's gonna be super fun but the do
not just form tag on your door if you
leave stuff in your room right these
travel tips from dead you leave stuff in
your room you don't want anybody muscle
with it just put the Do Not Disturb tag
on your door you're good to go
hey elevator if there's one thing I'm
good at its keeping on schedule all I
need is that coffee man all I need is
coffee we're gonna have the best
I can't wait all right look at you boys
stylin and profilin I love it with your
pancakes there are a couple of other
creators here with us which is really
really cool and I'll introduce them to
you hopefully here in a little bit but
at some point we're gonna kind of like
go different ways so we will always be
together but you guys the loudness and
high energy of NASCAR is about to happen
they actually gave us a really cool like
walkie that we can use to hear the
drivers in the car so you like pick what
car number you want to listen to and
then you can hear what the driver is
talking about in there spotter hi boys
we got our professional driver here this
is Ann she's gonna be taking us around
yeah sure race tickets as well oh that's
the ones we're going to the race boys
hey Mike you wouldn't you wouldn't mind
turning the heat on would you strangest
like it's nice out but it's overcast we
have a small threat of rain
that's not going to stop us from having
the best day ever huh
I think we could fit a big TV like that
in our house that TV is bigger than our
house
plate they're going so fast around they
sneak yeah
welcome to the infield boy TV that's you
know that is Danica Patrick who are we
about to go meet
what was that I know it's so hard to
hear we're going back to the garage area
right now to meet the one and only
Dale Earnhardt jr. pretty excited I'm
super fun
look how can you not be excited to be in
here and look at this place so amazing
my boys all right they're their home
away from right there
Dale's RV he's in there trying to figure
out what he's gonna say to the two
coolest dudes on the racetrack today
that's you what's up Dale nice to meet
you I'm chase this is Colin this is
Carson they've been pretty excited to
see you
they
oh it doesn't last long we had what
maybe 10 minutes to hang out
Oh what do you think Nana's gonna say
when she sees that you met Dale are in
our junior high she's gonna flip dude
the tour isn't quite over yet we get to
go over here and check out like this is
all the garages all the actual race cars
get worked on right here these guys it's
kind of weird to see him push it but
they literally push these cars around
where's the sign or did you get this one
sign where's it at super cool
nice
Oh selfie gave me strong yep de Freitas
so well he actually did great man I love
it that's me awesome
you look like a real racecar driver good
load opposed and everything oh my god
I think reach up and smack the seal down
oh there we go perfect yeah it is that
loudness jet driers
trying to drive the track we will get to
watch any other like qualifying
experience so far we just got a tour
Justin L Guerra smaller
and we have to spend a lot of time with
Oh what is this of course we're in the
winner's circle dude go go go yeah no
that's dub you guys look good up there
this is a cool spot to be so whoever
wins this race is gonna be right here
with their car doing all their media
there's my boys
oh man I had to find me a head put on
this race ruining my hair didn't really
introduce you or with this is this is
David hey how's it going on drew it's a
channel called that dude and blue that
beautiful blue like a ball
so David does like auto like lotto
everything yeah car reviews all that
good stuff super cool stuff I want you
guys to check my
go beyond my look I've been hating on
this show more there's usually stuff in
there we've got Alex back here
alex is known for riding a motorcycle
from Alaska to Argentina Tina like
that's why oh dude it's pretty crazy
what's your job it's Alex our code or
just search the modern motorcycle
diaries there it is at least were
together right it's all about reining
time together yeah man we're making the
most of it we got umbrella they're the
boys having fun under there
I mean you can't complain although
you're eating in the rain at least it's
like bomb food this is looking good dude
so we're all sit down we're gonna have a
nice little meal as a new family here's
here's to having fun travels and meeting
new people and having to make new
friends
so here's the deal we've had food we've
had good hangs Phil a lot of time and
it's still raining these guys can't race
in the rain and like we won't get to see
the race if the rain doesn't stop so our
teams over here trying to scramble and
figure out what exactly to do and there
is one thing we can do there right by
the hotel there's a now the NASCAR Hall
of Fame which I'm sure is super cool so
we're trying to figure out what to do
last case scenario guys we go get our
swimming trunks and we go hit that hotel
pool you know he's in he's in and coffee
yeah you know and what and what is he
into we're gonna find something for him
soda yeah soda
okay quick trip back to the hotel room
everyone's kind of come back to their
rooms for free group and get dried off a
little bit we're gonna go to the NASCAR
Hall of Fame which is right around the
corner the race isn't gonna happen
at least we don't think so and if it
does it will happen super late tonight
but uh yeah we're just gonna keep
rolling or just keep having fun did you
have the best time ever Therese mmm yeah
who was your favorite person you met
between Dale Earnhardt jr. and Justin
Allgaier okay you liked him I mean a big
shout-out to Dale but Justin Justin was
like he took the time that's didn't he
like he explained things look the boys
trying his helmet that was really cool
it's really cool yeah we saw the hauler
no it's cool
Katie what did you just say you're
joking deal-breaker I'll see you guys
back at the hotel have fun
so you want a family photo guys we just
we just took us all this whole family
trip here into the NASCAR Hall of Fame
we gotta get a little we gotta get a
little photo
you're free to take a photo while
vlogging let's do it
do you know what this is this exhibit is
all about the cars movie how cool is
that
all of the same cars look it's the
Hudson Hornet dude what Colin look it's
the King mr. King dude
wait where's his wing he's supposed to
have a big wing on there
yeah it's pretty uh pretty accurate
actually so when we met Justin out
Garret today this was pretty much with
me so that all there looks like however
on the track and breach like driver they
don't let you take pictures or video
inside they're hauling right has a lot
to do with like their secret to success
maybe
Hey Oh check this out what we didn't get
to show you is that and you come up to
this point oh there's no car in there
but this would be where they actually
store two cars he told us that they'll
they'll bring two cars to every race and
they'll have enough parts and every
hauler to build a third part week and
they're both their cars are stored up
here pretty cool so this is the pit stop
challenge you got a you got a Jack the
car up you're gonna take the lugs out
pull the tire out refuel the car put the
tire back on drop the jack and then it's
over
calling us do you have any
my ears
it's a full-on race simulator we've got
an actual
life-size NASCAR I've got the number two
up there
this is gonna be good what cards you get
you're both 40 you're going down dude
you're gonna know you're going you and
your children card number please step
outside you're beautiful and let me know
okay so we've seen a lot we've done a
lot we've had so much fun today the boys
just want like no obligations they
literally want to take it over to
Walmart and get swim insurance because
we didn't bring any and go swimming
that's what the boys want to do that not
what I've always is gonna do we're just
gonna have some fun as us boys and then
we're gonna probably call it a bit soon
we do have to get some dinner and stuff
and wrap up a couple things I just
appreciate you guys hanging out with us
today on such an amazing experience but
we'll be back through just a second
hahaha okay good news it's 817 p.m. and
I got word that the race is actually
happening you guys want to go yeah I
think it's clear by looking at you let's
do this oh my gosh listen to it you hear
it
so loud even out here
to funnel kicks are the best thing ever
I don't know if anything can really
excitement
did you guys have an amazing day or what
it was pretty though these dudes are
tired I look over beside me sitting in
the bleachers Collin is literally ready
to pass out so I hope you guys
appreciate spending the day
Sierra Charlotte motor
before today here's Charlotte thank you
so much for watching can't wait to see
right back here
