Oh what up guys welcome to the vlog
Carson so how's school buddy yeah only a
couple days left and then it is what
Thanksgiving oh yeah the winter is the
bringer of darkness
hold on it's quite dark we are getting
ready to go to loaves because it's
finally time to get the carpet scheduled
so close to being finally done with this
project I came and take it so so yeah we
were waiting for us to get home and
unfortunately we had a little bit of an
issue let's say who it is and we're
gonna do the whole Colin thing but the
boys mistake it's cool and it sucks
because I got we're gonna be parents and
you know what
did you eat Oh move cream pies all gone
yeah I hope you didn't that's my
favorite thing my favorite thing ever
yeah anyways we've been getting some
real serious progress done this week
whoa already I I gotta say been working
on some advertisements like I said in
yesterday's video some some display ads
for for Dale and his new TRD product if
you don't know what that is check out
his channel he created a really cool
tactical rope dispenser and you know
often times they hit me up to do some
design advertisement design brochure
design magazine design I've done quite a
bit of things for them and this time
it's different but I have to say I
thoroughly enjoy getting back into that
type of creative process it's a lot of
fun doing these types of things and I'm
just trying to pull up one of these
things to show you real quick what what
I was working on today basically this is
without any text or anything but we took
some photos with the DRD in a backpack
and some we I call it like a fire the
burned scorched fire effect so basically
what the project is is taking photos and
then applying those photos into
advertisements that you will probably
see online so that's really cool just a
little taste of what we've been working
on this week the beginning parts of my
days have been focused on working with
him and doing advertisements and designs
which I love doing I think it's it's so
much fun and it really is kind of what I
need is like a change of pace is boosted
creativity an opportunity to create
something new and I'm really digging it
so we're on the edge of really really
making a big change in everything we do
I definitely want your guys's feedback
because as we move forward I'm gonna be
doing a lot a lot of things different
and one of those things will be deciding
where we post certain content so I want
you guys to weigh in on this do you
think that is a good formula to keep
vlogs and our
pranks on the same channel and move all
the tutorial type videos over to Gilroy
how to's and reviews or should we just
create playlists like I've started doing
on this channel already so that
everything we create is always on this
same Channel I just don't know which
would be the better fit do we keep all
like content on the same channel or do
we diversify and make different channels
so that every time you go to a specific
channel there's a specific type of
content on there it's just so hard
choose you don't know what you don't
know what to do which one's best so let
me know your feedback I'll be definitely
interested in hearing that everybody
okay Liza I just picked Lies up from the
babysitter and we came by Kroger to get
something for dinner and some other
necessary things and she fell asleep on
the way here
poor baby we've got some things we need
and we came by through of course and
seeing the bananas and Chanda have
banana I just need to get some drinks
and I'm making homemade pizza tonight
for dinner so I need stuff for a bet
let's get out of here
small bites there you go good job good
miss sighs are we done huh
so she finished her banana
she's done but I think we have
everything going on the pizza crust and
cheese and the pepperoni and the
toppings that's all we need for PETA
stuff for cheese balls to take to the
holiday events we got drinks we got
cereal without milk we got eggs and
we're gonna spit out of here
today's Tuesday and Thanksgiving is on
Thursday sorry
you have got your turkey by now
still won't be frozen on Thanksgiving
play one more for the road
all right cool
I like it he's like it's hot in here
yeah which for me that's a good thing
yeah the the stove is working but it's
not hot here look I got a nice drink of
nice little thermometer and it says it's
only 69 degrees 69 that's it
oh hey Carson oh hey did you wanna I
guess I should you do the fun foam but
this one watch
oh my gosh dude one day I want to be
able to smash that beat like you were
just doing now that is a challenge right
there gasps oh my god what I the other
day when he showed me this beat I could
not for the life of me get the quarter
notes on the hi-hat no way but tonight I
think I I think I figured out play a
little bit of the syncopation
Oh
that it's the most exciting part of my
day
whoa big shout out to Matt for teaching
me that dude that was so cool yeah so if
you're right-handed you wanna look like
this
he's right-handed he played like this
which isn't normal at all no no no not
normal
well I'm literally ecstatic even though
even though it wasn't perfect even
though I had a little bit of timing
issues I still got it down that's the
thing I like when you when you're trying
to learn something you you aren't
perfect at it at first it takes a lot a
lot of practice so practice makes
perfect that's something very very
important to keep in mind
practice makes perfect right honey yeah
isn't that true yeah
longtree there's perfect at work
Veronica made homemade pizza for dinner
right yeah so reminds me of the movie
wedding singer when he teaches the old
lady piano and she pays him in meatballs
we not only pay Matt cash cold hard cash
but we also pay him great cuz we're
great like that officially destroyed
I think Matt fits right in
I'm sorry that was a short joke dude I'm
sorry wait we're friends so we can make
fun of each other buddies
so you're the short guy you're the tall
weird go skinny you can make for Molly
or this much document this seriously
dude thanks for coming I appreciate
everything thanks for everything these
kids everybody you did this you did all
of that
okay the kids got to stay up one hour
later I'm going to put a movie in in for
them so they can fall asleep watch a
movie my favorite
oh look at that
thanks to you Luke and Sally I now have
a proper cup to take with me on my
morning adventure and it is is that
today an adventure what are you up to
am I gonna cheese ball cheese ball work
piece what goes in a cheese ball it's
just cream cheese green onions and this
corned beef stuff oh you bought a cheese
ball before you see that party grab it
you smear it on a cracker and then you
chop it it's delicious so I hope you
guys have a fantastic rest of your week
I'm sure we'll see you tomorrow no doubt
about that but by the time you're
watching this it shall soon be
Thanksgiving so make sure you reflect
remember all the things that you're
thankful for that it's the reason for
the holiday to celebrate all the things
that were thankful for of course there
is some more historical meaning Don't
Cry honey
of course Thanksgiving has more
significant historical meaning you know
as the Pilgrims and the Indians made
peace and have a Thanksgiving dinner and
and so that's the history of
Thanksgiving but now we use it to
remember and be thankful for those
things in our life that we have and just
be thankful how many times have I said
thankful just then be thankful be
thankful all right guys so that's where
we leave before today I want to say
thanks so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
