we should open it because you gotta
check a hold on wait wait what's up guys
welcome to the vlog I hope everyone's
having a great day look we're coming to
you on the kitchen floor straight up on
the kitchen floor because I checked the
mail earlier there's anything there's
angel and we got a couple packages so I
figured why not just open them with you
guys here in the club right now Eliza's
hyper right now what's on your thumb ah
what is it it's a big giant blob - sea
cucumber
if if we get on the floor immediately
angel says oh you're trying to play with
me
you're trying to play with me I see here
angel I see you I see you I see you I
know it sure Oh Liza tags let's see
who's it from Perth let me cover this
this is from Tehran youth slur you slur
there it is okay oh he's gonna drop it
what Oh juju fish are no suckers juju
fish no way what's that Jackie hi are
those lottery tickets hi mad money
Arizona lottery okay seriously we could
win up to $1,000 we're gonna you try
that right now there you go just lick it
alright Carson let us know if we won
$1,000 no here's the thing about playing
an out-of-state lottery even if we win
we may have to mail this back to you
dude so that you can go and get the coz
I don't think we can I don't think
redeeming ology no you didn't know you
didn't we will report back on the
winnings of the lottery ticket if there
are some Veronica's doing laundry yes
how school you got cold cheeks double
what let me give you a small piece
nothing is wrong
you go sew it up good yeah fine two
doors two doors
oh no we got twelve dollars right now
how do you know
actually no thirteen dollars
I'm sure there's rules look match any of
your numbers to either winning number
and win that prize reveal a dollar
symbol I'm gonna double that price
there's a dollar symbol right there
two dollars will underdog thanks again
Theron for your career gift your package
we appreciate that so much we've got two
more three more we're out for those
right now you want me to have that lucky
this is from Corey from Pennsylvania hey
let me help you Pennsylvania is our
neighboring state it's actually right
next door Oh what is in the box what's
in our new neighbor's house oh no oh
it's black silk coffee is so awesome
Corey thank you so much honestly I was
about to go to the store to get more
because we're almost out of coffee so
thank you dude look at that awesome MLB
shop no name but let's see all right
what is in the box
we're gang
what is it it's a bubble wrap who
doesn't love bubble wrap
oh no way ah the package the package
handlers dropped the ball look what
happened
oh but is a new cup a cup is from the
curves look at that that dang look what
they did
come on USPS you can do better than this
well there was no name in there was
there a piece of paper whoever sent this
thank you so much for your kindness
maybe they'll accept the return if I
receive fairytale and say hey this was
damaged in packaging I'll try and make
it right we'll try and figure that out
but thank you so much
you guys are too much the coffee cups
apparently everyone apparently
everyone's seen that I'm using thank you
measuring cups for my coffee so totally
sore but if they would exchange it I
mean I think they would thank you guys
so much who's that from from okay so the
plastic mug came from Luke and Sally
yeah haha the letter says the letter
says we're getting sick of seeing you
struggle with the coffee mug taking the
boys to school so here you go direct
from the UK
please open the vlog so or not mr. jet
Sally's been watching for roughly
dresser I'll open it a second I started
watching a few weeks later it's nice to
see a genuine family on YouTube and
there are so many people about what act
up for the camera I know right it's nice
to watch you daily as it gives us some
sense
normality as the roughly four months ago
I was working with abused neglected
children an orphanage but they had to
stop due to finding out that sally has
Crohn's disease my father has been
diagnosed with cancer my condolences I'm
due suck I'm so sorry to hear that it'd
be great to meet you everything veronika
cooks looks amazing yeah oh we hope you
enjoy the mugging to make sure morning's
more with your coffee more manageable
all the best Luke and Sally Luke and
Sally thank you guys so much that's very
pretty tough I appreciate that
wait what are you gonna drink out of it
huh water um if you guys do care to send
packages you can find the address or the
PIO box down in the description so yes
we're just getting started for the day
actually we've already had I've already
had a very very productive day I suppose
I can tell you I this week I'll be going
in the mornings and working with Dale
Dale and I are working on putting
together some web assets to help
advertise some of his new products which
is very very cool and I've already done
that for today and home and edit the new
vlog and everything's just going
fantastic so kids are home from school
and Veronica's off to do some work
herself it's the holiday season guys we
got to try and like trying to make sure
that we have all of our ducks in a row
Thanksgiving is this week you know yeah
right I only have tomorrow cuz wait
Wednesday Thursday Friday you have all
seriously dang it's a holiday week okay
okay okay before you start if you all
right the only reason I'm gonna let you
play xbox right now is because a plus
plus I'll buy something that's awesome
dude high five
congratulation that's good you earned it
you earned it that's how that's what I
like to see you do good stuff at school
and then we don't you get more okay you
do good in schools you get rewarded
that's the deal right
you wanna play xbox I suppose I should
play with you you you've been playing
for 5 seconds you almost died
the rule was he said every time we died
you switch to take another turn and
Colin just almost totally died and they
didn't play battlefield he's playing
Just Cause 3 this is cool we're having
like a little family game sesh right now
I'm gonna have to figure out what to do
for dinner I'm here a little bit we're
gonna go out in the garage and and
Colin's gonna show me some drum beat and
if he won't I will I got a solid one
true I do got a solid one if you guys
can guess it I'll give you a prize in
the comments
Oh squad time dang look at all those
squads holy cow yeah Liza yeah I'm about
to blow you guys mind you're gonna be
like whoa girl you got it I'm not I'm
not feeling good yeah keep it going all
right I'll show you guys what I got
please guys man like I feel like I'm
literally striking out with Colin and I
don't know if it's like here I don't
know if it said he's lost interest or if
he doesn't think he's good enough or
what but the kid just only wants to play
when it's practice time not any other
flavor no I think it might just have to
be your boy getting good at drum this is
how do I come up with so I'm supposed to
make dinner for the kids right and it's
slim pickins we're pretty much down the
freezer food we need to go to the store
so I got pizza or Alfredo chicken or
jalapeno poppers switch this probably
what I'm gonna get down on some Alpena
bombers I love them Oh Bob yeah look I'm
not joking this the fridge situation is
looking pretty pretty uh pretty slim oh
hold on hold on
careful baby but I I just was full
stupid and turned the instructions for
this this alfredo stuff says put it in a
pan third of a cup of water on medium
for 10 to 11 minutes stirring
occasionally and Here I am brain fart
put it on high I hope I didn't burn it I
think it's alright but there you go now
ride him ride your Pony Liza ride your
Pony ha ha
so we had dinner and I'm getting the
kids ready for bed right who remembers
footed pajamas right hey I was at Korea
I always thought footie pajamas were
super uncomfortable because the big long
zipper that goes up the front and the
feet never really they were never really
comfortable however I loved wearing for
the pajamas because you could slide down
the stairs you've done that right no I
just fly down the stairs on your belly
in footed pajamas like a pro it's hard
to do it's like wearing like pants wet
pants or shorts if you're wearing photo
pajamas you guys I never thought this
day would come but finally Eliza mom is
pulling off a ponytail almost it's
almost there Eliza you'll see you give
it another two years ha ha ha oh don't
pull it
she's like but MA that's what you're
doing I'm not pulling it hard you're
right I can see the pain on her face
right now look at her face lift
aah take these little hairs right here
we spread them apart and that's right
we're gonna keep teasing them and spread
on my putting teeth yeah just when you
thought we were done spreading my
teasing them we're gonna spread T's
alone don't worry ma'am I won't pull
your hair too hard
yeah that's fun this I'm the
professional you just lay back and do
nothing
oh okay we're trying to here we just
discovered there's no
on the counter : : wrote the Tooth Fairy
a premature letter I need you to come to
our house if I get my tooth out
sincerely :
mm-hmm this is the one he had pulled out
a while back
Oh at the dentist she never came the
Tooth Fairy is a slacking slacking
friend
let me go this up you boy yeah there you
go perfect
you know how in a gilroy tradition we
typically have cake and ice cream you
know we all get together for the
birthdays because you know the birthday
just settled the doors have set up a
florist starting to vent but Caleb I
said did you have cake and ice cream
today he says no did anyone sing me
happy birthday today bro
Momo it was only one are you for real
yeah all right we're about to do
something super super special for this
for this young man right here oh there
you go bro
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
make a wish
that a premium young boy can't tell your
wish bro I don't won't come true it's
probably gonna come true anyways it's
like 110 thousand dollars oh really
once last time you ever see anyone
served at oatmeal cream pie
for their birthday cake you didn't good
here you think I do I wanted to show you
guys real quick before I go back inside
I came out here to do some work
I'm really trying to not show you
everything every last little piece that
goes in at this point because I want to
show you guys what it looks like when
it's all finished well really quickly
about the desk and the bar in and we've
got but still figured out Internet's run
everything that's going along perfectly
out here one of the last things waiting
on is carpet and apparently the carbon
guys are very very busy this time here
because Thanksgiving and everything but
uh I'm just so ready to be out here
already you look cozy
yeah look it's twelve fourteen a.m. I
was out there way longer than I thought
seriously you go out there and it's like
a time warp it just literally three four
hours went by since kids going to bed so
that my friends is where we're going to
leave for today we had a pretty
productive day
got a lot of stuff done I can't wait for
the rest of this week because it is
Thanksgiving on Thursday a boys don't
have school Wednesday Thursday and
Friday so we're gonna try and get some
awesome fun family time and don't you
guys go anywhere thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
