couch day a culmination of factors that
cause the burning desire to do nothing
but sit on your couch in your PJs and
enjoy a nice little movie or whatever
that's exactly what we want to do today
however we got to go out into the cold
how many how many birthdays does that
count this five six seven seven that's a
lot yeah it is my cousins
oldest daughter yes
oldest daughter's birthday today Gabby
turns 14 Anthony birthday campers take
note of this view right here this
cloud-covered gray dreariness
the majority of our winter mean we have
a few
when it's winter time we have a few days
that are sunny but
this is our brightest hour
if it wasn't for a birthday we would
definitely be having a full on
sweatpants and blankets
and hot coffee about wearing hats yet
another family gathered right here but
this is birthday what anyway that's a
lot of terrific November on top of
Thanksgiving maybe longer and looking
for all the good she's so perfect so you
can check bounced
but you because there's a sweet 16 which
I here for a girl is a big deal anyway
make sure all you guys say happy
birthday look ever you grow it up so big
right this right here reminds me of the
troubles of parenting always never done
this you know yeah so this is a first
for us those are the hardest parts when
the babies are that young the hardest
part is when a baby just cries and cries
and cries there's nothing you can do to
stop it it's very very stressful
yeah but the best to keep in mind hey
he's not dying
honestly I think he needs to just remain
home okay this would be the time where
some people and that's a big deal like
people get really frustrated in this
shake their baby you should never shake
it
never never shake your baby especially
when your frustration levels are through
the roof mom
breathe try everything you know to do
you can yeah
hand off I just never thought about
myself but goofy faces children faces
and I I urged my snapchat followers to
also make some giving faces in order to
not take themselves so seriously here's
a couple of them they're just keep
rolling in here we go nice hey not bad
no no that's a winner
oh the fishhook there we go
whoa okay okay all right all right okay
look goofy there okay nice view of your
face nah that is so funny you guys are
awesome see it doesn't take anything to
loosen up a little bit and just because
you don't take yourself so seriously am
i right mom all right let's see your
facility a scary face you gotta make a
goofy face everyone on snapchat is doing
it let's see yours
don't be afraid yeah feels good right
we've left the party and we're back home
now
tanana's you say what your mom got some
souvenirs like what seashells like
mother like daughter bring back a big
old grocery bag full of seashells
because that's what Veronica would do if
she went to Puerto Rico
I'm Lucy Joe all right let's see it
we've been drinking out of a measuring
cup mister been wheeling me into that
Porto Rico coffee cup thanks Nana I'll
just stir it and put it like that what
did I get good you don't know no I don't
know Oh for the night
this is also for you the ritz-carlton
huh
oh that's cool hang that in the Tiki
head bathroom for you oh it's cute Liza
say it's cute regular from the Ritz
Jai's watching out there it's 10:00 till
9:00 he's washing last week's episode of
The Walking Dead and I guess a little
bit of spoiler if you haven't seen it
yeah it's your own fault but I'm about
to say something this is where Rick says
- Michonne Becky knows the baby's not
here you're not even watching it it's
right there it's happening right now
look at you you trying to make me feel
bad the dogs are moving in
enjoy Oh
poor angel thirsty
oh poor angel oh poor angel poor angel
here Colin doesn't want you here all
twisted Liza even twists the poor boys
ah oh jeez the dummy okay but it is past
nine o'clock and it's time to get the
kids in bed because well they got school
tomorrow and we're currently missing out
on The Walking Dead so catch that after
the talking dead after one means I can't
look at social media until at least
11:30 Lizzie you say night-night good
that's good that's actually wrote good
old night oh I'm sure it's really simple
okay so the kids are asleep
I thought I'd come out here in fire for
a pellet stove and get things nice and
warm out here but I wanted to talk real
quick in today's video about like what
everybody is talking about and I rarely
talk about like what's going on with
other youtubers and stuff so this is
relatively new to me but as many of you
know it's been recently developed that
Casey
nice that he's decided to quit vlogging
and people are losing their minds and
the only reason I want to talk about
this is because it builds parallels to
exactly how I'm feeling right now I
don't plan on not vlogging I love
vlogging vlogging for me has been
therapeutic and creatively energizing
and all the good things that vlogging
can be just to elaborate on like why
Casey explains why he's decided to quit
vlogging and that was his initial reason
for vlogging in the first place was to
establish a way to to further his
creativity to to make a video every
single day to keep him being creative I
feel that too I first started vlogging
because
I wanted I wanted video to edit in the
beginning I started vlogging just so I
had content to edit it became something
more to me and it became like it became
something that I really enjoyed I
started to realize that like I was
creating like a video scrapbook for
every day of our lives and as a family
man like as a father to watch your kids
grow even before Eliza was born we have
we have like we have a history we have a
backlog of videos that show our lives
before a person in our family like a
family member was even born and then you
get to see the process of like becoming
pregnant watching the pregnancy and then
the birth of our child and now now you
see Eliza Eliza is taking steps and
she's walking if she's talking like you
get to see this whole this whole
progress of someone's life like a
person's existence before your very eyes
and that is amazing
so in Casey's video he explains how like
you know he was challenging himself
creatively and then all of a sudden it
felt like that challenge to become
creative or more creative started to
become something that was just easy and
routine and he lost that like the fundus
of creating videos and being challenged
creatively I get that like I understand
actually why he wants to do that working
on this office and the blogs being kind
of so far to what they used to be I feel
the same kind of change but for me
the thing is I create these videos
without ever having to change who I am I
think a lot of you guys pick up on that
and that is that like I don't I don't
try and do crazy things in my vlogs
every single day because that's not what
real life is about when you watch a
reality TV show a lot of people get this
misconception that reality TV is
actually real but it's not what you see
on camera and a lot of people a lot of
you have met ever met me in person what
you see here on camera is exactly who I
am in real life you've seen a lot of big
YouTube Titans fall Jesse and Jeana
break up and talk about how vlogging you
know was the
all of their relationship you see
Charles and Ally the first Ally you know
everything fell apart for them and what
Charles kept going and and so now Casey
is quit vlogging because it feels like
it's not being challenged creatively
anymore a lot of us go through different
I guess emotional seasons where you know
we we have different desires to keep us
going different things we need to keep
our creative juices flowing
keep us waiting content worthwhile for
you to watch so yeah everything Casey
said in this video is I totally get and
I understand and when I saw that today
it really made it justified everything
that I'm feeling and that is that you
know we we have to always constantly be
working for the next thing the next the
next I guess fix I guess that's my
ending spiel for the day this coming
week we've got a big project I'm working
on
of which I'm not sure I can fully bring
you along with because well it's it's
just some kind of corporate type work
but all I'll let you guys know what I'm
up to you if I can so I'm gonna go
inside and watch the second run of The
Walking Dead because I missed it at nine
o'clock tonight and I hope you guys had
a very fantastic weekend we had a really
nice relaxing chill day and bye chill I
mean it's super super pole okay thank
you guys so much for watching from the
bottom line I really thank you for
watching every single day your support
means more than anything to me and can
we see it right back here
