hey guys welcome chase handed me the
camera I said I'm leaving he's like here
take this ended up over here at
Lyndsey's say hey she's already spoiled
baby lies those getting our cookies and
she did give her pickles so that's ok
water then the boys already disappeared
upstairs with the other boys but you
know we're just kind of having a hangout
night we're gonna order pizza I've been
just trying to keep busy and hang out
with good people today and keep my mind
off of last year's events and everything
and my best friend's a look good Liza oh
what a mommy's nothin Zee healthiest you
don't poke yourself can I help you miss
independent uh-huh nope
and they're gone where and they're on
the floor stinker
she's being extra rotten today mm-hmm
got you she looks more and more like her
father every day ha ha goodness huh
Lindsay's got mine now oh my gosh they
look a little crooked and small Erin
Lindsay look wisey whoo whoo look at
mommy
no she's not baby proofed I'm like
Lindsay she's almost 2 years old it's
time to baby proof your house we're over
here often enough I just pick up every
time mm-hmm huh how'd you party saying
she's fine another stuff
dinner's here there's all the boys we
got pizza cheese sticks eysies hitting
off the boys eating pizza con requested
leftover chicken alfredo so I brought
that for him I place how many pieces you
got down yet no - just - Lindsay's
having some extra leftover chicken
alfredo as well person he's going for
another piece of pizza yeah yeah it's
probably hot kids got that pizza adults
got back eat up a little extra flavor on
there yeah we were kind of waiting on
chase but he had a lot of things to do I
guess and ran out of time so it's
getting to that point in the night where
he could've probably came but he I mean
we would've only hung out for not long
enough cuz we're about to head home
look kids these guys gonna get up early
it was what 70 what was the high
temperature today you wanted 71 today
says it's gonna be 34 degrees colder
tomorrow and it's 34 degrees colder
tomorrow lenovo only in ohio we go from
a beautiful sun shining warm day - there
you go
look at Liza hanging out with Scotty
Lindsay what did you dress my daughter
in she looks like a boy she scared the
crap out of her face then what's mine
Eliza
it's okay you got to hear you breathing
blaze oh you're gonna scare my son on
your trip tomorrow
yeah their whole family like get
together they're like a Thanksgiving and
Christmas type deal but he can all be
together and have catering and stuff
like that for one big event right
through here wedding that right there is
why aunt likes it changed her to those
clothes I forgot PJs and knew she would
fall asleep on the way home so he
borrowed some Blaine's
old extra small
PJ's he gets to power in these french
fries I'm chillin on a pickle Wendy's
Burger I've literally had probably what
could be considered if everything works
out could we consider the biggest career
move
excuse me of my life
that's why yesterday's vlog was up super
late and that's why you haven't seen me
much in today's video but I can't tell
you about it because I have a
non-disclosure sign you know what it's
you distressed in your Boise did you
guys miss me today or what yeah well I
promise we're do something fun and epic
and fun and exciting and fun and epic
and fun tomorrow that's not exciting an
advocate fun an epic epic and exciting
and fun epic no but all you have to do
is close your little eyes and go to
sleep or you promise that super fun fun
day with me tomorrow yeah pinky promise
pinky promise right now you can't take
it back
standard eggs sausage you know that goes
on there Rodrick has also made pancake
it's a good morning isn't it hey amber
what are we doing today we're going to
the Grand Prix if you don't know what
that is you make sure you come back
tomorrow because it's gonna be epic fun
can't see it huh there's you guys see
the weather out there why not something
dark maybe they'll show up no no really
it's rainin yeah it's no one yesterday
it's 70 degrees today it's snowing there
you go guys yeah look what they're doing
play it play it dude they do play with
toys and each other I just wanted to
make sure that you guys saw that because
typically you only see and then play
with their iPods I wish so bad that I
could tell you what we're up to but I
can't I just can't and it sucks because
it's so exciting it is so so so exciting
I suppose I should go on record by
saying that once-in-a-lifetime
opportunities present themselves that
could change your entire life to
recognize those opportunities and
evaluate the risks involved which
sometimes can be pretty big you have to
understand that without a fair amount of
risk there isn't enough reward to be
worth it so the greater the risk the
bigger the reward
