Matt so I'm filling the cracks there's
like right where the block meets the
floor where the block meets the floor
there's like a crack a big crack and
it's taken me her pepper to fill it
here's basically what I've had to do I
have this bucket of sand right I had to
go out and fill sand I did a youtube
search and this this is what it said to
do this isn't it as big as like over
there along that wall but basically
there's this separation right and it's
deep
I could pour a whole cup of sand in
there and it would just keep flowing
down inside there so all the way along
this whole wall and then all the way
back here these ones are bigger I had to
fill it with sand like look this Oh sand
gave good hey yeah so I'm prepping the
concrete so that I can paint that white
I was hoping to paint it today but I
don't think we're gonna get there but
literally I had to sit outside where
that sand is and sift the sand because
you can't have a big rock and you'd have
fine sand
I had to sift the sand so we could pour
down these craps
yeah this line is ready to be dug into
I'll tell you this week I'm working on a
special project may or may not tell you
what it is or be able to tell you what
it is but I've had to work really hard
today to kind of tie up a lot of things
in here around here so that I can do
that
how's your day I hope everyone is uh you
know feeling awesome funky fresh and
fantastic and super spin the Splenda /
epic a shout out to all you guys who do
this kind of stuff on a regular basis
it's not that hard it's just it's hard
work not difficult but hard work it's
all worth it though echo is super
confused right now she's like what are
you doing dad I thought I wasn't
supposed to dig uh-huh she keeps
checking out my shovel and checking out
the hole she's like she's confused poor
thing she has to be out here without
angel because angels obviously taking it
easy if you miss yesterday's video angel
went and got spayed yesterday so for a
week she has to be like super low-key
but we're almost done here just a little
bit left
okay I'm gonna have to check the mail
right and we have a package now this is
not an endorsement or anything like that
I'm not being paid to check these out or
tell you guys where to go but if you
guys like me you like to keep your eyes
protected from the Sun right and I'm a
pretty naturalistic type of guy all
right and so this company called shade
tree you see their shade tree makes
sunglasses entirely of wood so right off
the bat I'm pretty impressed with their
packaging that's kind of cool actually
pretty cool entirely made from wood
I think what's cool about these is that
you can see all the wood grain and
everything that is super super cool plus
they're polarized I think these are my
favorite all black here closer look
shade tree though though nice little cut
out these are a little harder to see the
wood grain but you can see the inside
tri moon do you think all wooden glasses
not bad not bad at all all right so we
have a triple that's right
triple birthday party to get to
it is my grandma Dallas and Samantha my
brother's wife all three of their
birthday today we gotta get ready
this showdown Liza who is that then able
to showdown house beam is abyssal bin
today you've been gone all day I've been
busy Liza been gone we've been separated
for the majority of today I just got
that on camera everyone's gonna know
that you beat your child my mom oh my
mom's a man being verbally abusive to me
someone needs to call Child Protective
Services right now because my mother
verbally abusing me I'm just kidding I'm
not one of those crybaby poopy pants
I'll take a verbal lashing
I do it everyday anyway for dinner look
we got mac and cheese were they good
good fancy one
show me your sweetest move right now
come on show off let's see all right
let's see it Debbie don't bring it in
let me stretch I don't want to pull
something I used to run track wait wait
mom you got a watch do it for mommy
do it for Mom whoa boki that was sick
bro I feel sick restrict I've ever seen
in my life yeah I do it real quick I'm
ready
no no he did it I was trying to catch it
like these little baby things she was in
that she got inside this little Walker
oh are you okay see what are you doing
what's she doing
Chad here as soon as the office is done
once a week you me Matt that's not Matt
but we're gonna play music thumbs up
this video if you agree a lot of you
have said lately this I did some vocals
in and a lot of you are like Gilligan
sing which think you're humble but I
mean but we're gonna do it if everyone
hands up this wall right up they have
two thumbs up the vlog okay once a week
Chad an amazing guitarist I was so great
focused I'm gonna to your horn for you
right we get together the three of us
and we just create cover songs and fun
for the love of music yeah that's it if
you're in we have
yeah I mean you were seen oh yeah I
can't lie guitar and so can you please
mom maybe I mean the bass is the bass
what everything's gonna be slapping the
bass month this happens every time we
have a birthday but guys listen I just
thought of an innovation right you have
birthdays you have a cake and ice cream
usually the ice cream is rock solid
right you get instead not the courts not
two quarts of ice cream like this single
serve ice cream cups everyone picks
their own ice cream
the ice-cream man drop when you get a
good thumbnail I think so
it's kind of sideways of all the cakes
that are around the world I have a
severe affinity for the carrot is is
another episode of Zach blog takeover
I'm featuring as usual d galaxies it is
his birthday and we're about to prank
some little heads
sure
I was busted
I'll get her here in a second she'll be
distracted hey Dallas
alright guys I hope you don't mind
joining me well you know do my thing in
the bathroom so I think it's obvious
what I'm doing but this is what I like
to talk you know get comfortable
maybe remaking or something but uh yeah
sometimes I have to use that
occasionally when you gotta go home the
day is over the party's done no one is
here wanna cuddle on the couch with me I
knew you ever think about that
one this guy right here every Friday
wishes that said every kid
so I don't know if any of you know but
my cousin Kiera she makes all kinds of
really really cool signs and stuff and
so tonight I didn't get a chance to show
you but she brought this for us and it's
a beautiful beautiful sign and if you
read it it kind of bears some
significance to today because exactly
one year ago today was the day that we
found out baby Cameron wouldn't be
coming with us on our journey through
life and so I guess you know I just
kinda want to remember that for for the
end of today's video because it I mean
it was a sad day but it's a special day
too because we get to look back and
remember you know what happened and
let's not forget I thank you guys so
much for watching
oh and we can't wait to see you right
back here
