so we come up to bryce road and we got
the countertop for our bar and we
stopped in here and Ashley Furniture
because well why not let's see what else
is out there and we found this guy right
here
look this couch it's nice I'm George
over here George
hey welcome guys George is showing us
this particular couch because it's got a
deal on it you just can't be Jaron
you're your dad's gonna get you
something special for Christmas oh this
guy it's funny how things turn out
because we literally were just gonna
stop by and we got this way cooler couch
not a brown one but more like this color
for the same price we're gonna get the
other one
all because of George hey and his shoes
look at them shoes day we got to get the
socks now alright so get strong tell
everybody
tell everybody to come in here and see
me here at Ashley Furniture if you want
great deals we got a Black Friday deal
coming on that's unbelievable my name is
George and I look forward to seeing you
man yeah so we're back at Home Depot
again we gotta get more pipe to the bar
top this guy
jiae's often it
okay so we got beef six and drinks we're
getting stuff done today it wasn't
George such a nice guy
yeah he went up it's awesome George was
awesome thanks George for the hook-up
love it you guys are about to leave I'll
be back
no but seriously we had to go do a bunch
of running around I don't know if you
can see that Boston back there but we
got the bar top
we got the pipe to mount the bar top and
the angle iron we don't need this to say
it's time for some project I am on my
way with Miss angel back there to the
fete they're dropping her off to have
her spayed fixed it's a good thing I
don't want to have puppies with her and
they don't want to deal with the
bleeding in diapers and stuff like that
that we've done with echo echo just got
done bleeding so I was like let's go
ahead and schedule angel before she and
snart's pleadings at home to deal with
that and a couple weeks we'll bring echo
in and have her done when danger this
week
she smells all the other dogs animals
before like she's never walked on a
leash before so she's doing a lot better
with that come on site Oh
oh my goodness
totally drop the hammer
she should not let me set up the camera
Angel actually like she's really excited
as you can tell in here and she's
jumping bouncing all over the place and
she knocked it out of my hand
angel moon
I will be high your bingo girl yes you
are yeah any other dog she's insane
mark thank you okay usually go home to
work but if there was something that we
didn't get okay she'll be a good girl
thank you poor angel she was sad when I
had to leave her she was like wait why
am I not going with you you're leaving
me here this will be okay it's necessary
have this done for her once winter comes
all east-west roads get horrible snow
drafts like over the roads so we put up
these snow guards it's just the orange
fencing and it actually helps to catch
the snow that's blowing across these
huge fields that simmer good style and
you're seeing them with them
I mean snows all the way I like snow I
do like snow
I don't like dragging the kids around in
it and I don't mind driving in it
because I have 4 wheel drive or front
wheel drive vehicle yeah
jerking the kids around an interest on a
daily date on a daily basis to
run errands and stuff like that but I
love playing in the sound
thank you so much so I just gonna put
the phone with the stove company u.s.
stove
they're the ones who make the pellet
stove and we had another shut down I
just can't for the life of me guys this
is really worrying me we're getting it
figured out they had a couple of
solutions we found out that there's in
the shoot for this pellet stove there's
a little sliver of metal that sticks out
there that isn't supposed to be there so
I'm gonna have to find a way to clip
that off and that might solve the the
jamming issue because we're seeing like
the pellets are getting stuff in the
shoot and that metal piece isn't
supposed to be there so we'll get this
figured out the kids the kids are almost
home from school so I want to go in
there and intercept Carson because he
ordered this first birthday and now it's
here he's gonna be super stoked five
nights at freddys so slow that's super
cool oh you know what we went we went to
show them what we built the other day
when we got that smart ars-art up check
this out this thing's really cool it
goes right along with this - hey all the
five nights at Freddy's stuff
this dude is very into five nights at
Freddy's so we've got foxy Bonnie right
the obvious comes in Freddy now that's
the exit but this is Bonnie right yes
and this one is cheaper chica always
love getting stuff to build that's one
of our favorite things to do yeah oh
yeah as you can see it turned into a
stop everything let's build our new five
nights at Freddy's set the cursed wall
presents bring together the guys right
now
and we're just gonna go ahead and build
this thing yeah
two of the four-piece this could take a
while
and voila it's done does that look
awesome yeah I think that looks pretty
cool this one is really cool because it
had these I've never seen like a type
set to use these before and there should
be one on this side but we kind of kind
of broke trying to pull it out yeah it's
pretty cool
pretty please before long you're gonna
get all these sets together and then
you're gonna have the whole five nights
at freddys deal yeah but there's no
hallways that's you can build your own
hallways I guess you creative use your
Legos man you got a ton of Legos you
could create hallways all day mm-hmm
we're in
Zach polishing up our braces for the bar
right
cows over here sand in the bar awesome
I just finished my cord hole
have a good day let's go buddy love you
hope the exhaust funny story I I it it's
a little foggy right it's probably gonna
get worse I'm not so I left the camera
in the in the Jeep I suppose I couldn't
find it for the longest time and and so
now it's it's a it's very cold this is
very good
oh hello oh boy
oh it's clear you can see anyway so yeah
we left the camera in the Jeep I suppose
couldn't find it so there we are here we
are you are there now here and time
probably too much Liza
starting the day with some yogi she
calls it what is that what is that
yeah what is this yeah so the so the
only reason I found the camera is
because I took Collin to the bus and I
look up on the dash and I was like oh
there you are the angel update angels
doing well she's been pretty like I
guess kind of slow-moving since she had
been home she's like why did you do this
to me why did you do this to me angel
come here lay down lay down girl lay
down girl
no look look there's her incision you
know come here it's okay let's scratch
your belly I scratch okay oh poor doggy
cut right open cut right to open guilt
like a fish it's all right angel will
take care of Mia
yeah I'm gonna take excellent care of
her now run and play for a week just
emotionally she cares the holes that go
and she you have to keep her with you
you can't go on the garage you have to
take her so she doesn't lick out her
stitches and pull them out right yeah
mm-hmm look look what I've spotted guys
look it's good luck to see a blue jay in
the morning right there well I was just
about to follow up with there's a female
Cardinal huh there goes to Blue Jays
whoa and in the tree is a male Cardinal
you see it right there
you see him yeah did you see what just
happened there that's two lucky Blue
Jays in the morning and two Cardinals
yeah the females are there alone the
gods the gods have shined upon us this
day and there he goes off to school
little one okay friends so that about
sums up our day our day these we're
about about to kill it today I was
thinking to myself write something that
I might Mike tweet actually some
inspiring thought thoughtfulness ready
best thing to do every morning when you
wake up take a look at your surroundings
we'd be thankful that you're alive to
take a breath because there's still time
yeah alright my friends that is where we
will leave you for today I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
