honey can you believe today's video is
1000 upload thousand videos huh that's a
lot I can remember our very first vlog
all right so because you guys wanted it
I'm gonna start vlogging every day
chase daddy finally doing some vlog
action blog Hagen Robin well I figured
why not have three of us vlogging at the
same time so just enriched the vlogging
spoon here let's make out lots you burn
this is so common yeah but this is well
now I'm gonna look you up and down boy
I'm gonna move in I'm just gonna go in
for the kill when you're doing pranks
right you would agree you can't you
can't see the camera you can't see the
camera can you Ross well no we've all I
mean no no I so fetch the bag this is it
kind of little strep keep it when we're
walking in the store nobody would ever
see that really you're pointing at the
bag
Chase is pointing at me I'm pointing at
you put up oh wow the first vlogs were
like they were so cringy I mean it's
good to have a baseline right well I
mean things did get better I have to say
things got a little bit better we
started off by doing you know what
challenges
mom chase my friend Emily damn sexy and
I'm just gonna have to be uh not to be
mean I scared wear a dress no throw the
weight down so one two three go only
forty seconds in
got this you only one of it happening
whoa shake it out shake it out hey where
you like
baby food challenge baby food challenge
we are doing the eat it or wear a
challenge oh my god not as bad as I
thought it was gonna be today we're
doing minute to win it challenges B eat
like a bird the penny drop the needle
and a corn stack maybe that's the trick
I guess even some of the challenges were
pretty cringy to some of the beginning
ones anyways but you know it was really
fun we we had our fair share of pranking
Tom he's mopping before
honey wake up folding loaded things like
a nuclear bomb it smells in the cup it
stinks so bad
so just go back in there and pee on the
other one to bring it out to show you a
negative one and welcome look at it
I gotta play the part that's gonna meet
that baby I remember all my favorite
moments was miss baby lives of the
unborn
Oh
beautiful
therapy
and unit see it's got to thinking
yeah tell me a pic 8000 you think
there's that puffy picking on you
so poppy picking on you she doesn't like
the car ride car ride have two dogs in
the car and Veronica isn't so I might
only live for 20 minutes longer she
loves you guys we love you guys I didn't
do it chase I love you
come here angel come here thank you for
Bessie she's you know we've also worked
with some pretty incredible people over
the past 999 videos this direction this
guy yeah
and it's got this who used to turn on in
circles but he's been through the wars
Navy is like arms or gammy drunk guy
fouling him and broke them off once we
had to glue it back on being stolen
about three times by like rupee bills
and returned like a week later with some
chocolates on there already bad James
and Halle Lane yes that we've already
brought their luggage in and we've
already kind of talked a little bit
they're hungry so we're gonna do some
food yeah Cargill was gonna show me the
ways of the state you won't stick
alright perfect I know exactly where the
white nothing look heads fancy with this
pinky reef that's so juicy dude hello
chef nice tonight Christian came to join
oh ho what's up my man Andy Milonakis
you've got the little fluffy
Mike majestiness
it keeps the wind up my ideas jeiza I
got it this baby's guys get up in the
skin the sweater man
the Pete you coming with no I'll take
them in this video I'm sorry are you in
your place right now little thing about
Ed has been riding bike for a minute
getting getting his balance down get
that wheelie get that wheel if I were
calling off I'd say something like
listen I'm really sorry I know this is
gonna put you guys in the tough spot but
I got I'm sick I can't come in today and
then they're gonna say I'm sorry what
was your name
oh that's okay I like beards right how
do you guys think it went oh yeah bro
did you like them
dude we were here for air just after
sunset kill this beautiful spot Calot
kid
we wish we could go back on vacation
since we're remembering things
remember our beach vacations lies in our
just sit here on the beach she's
enjoying a nice little lollipop that
good Liza yeah
Veronica has no idea where I'm at she
thinks I'm in Nashville but little does
she know I'm right here in the Outer
Banks
not bad and you can still see the ocean
it's not oceanfront but this was like
rolling down the beach in the forum
buried in the sand that's cool man
pumped out like you're the hole oh
you're gonna bust out real crazy you
know what I'm sitting here looking at
this desk in this room like all this
happened because of our viewers you know
it's very odd and since we're like
looking back on things I feel like they
should have a say in what we look back
on - sure it's extra delicious though we
got four containers of that stuff
okay you know what I got one more thing
we can put in here I have here this
finest all right
that's a dog law I'm gonna put that bad
boy in there - baby prison lies that
you're in baby prison well she's eating
it oh my God look at that time okay
start a snowman one Carson's got the
head right there it's a good-looking
head buddy our building is complete we
had a lot of fun putting these things up
but they're missing they're missing one
thing
they need a face
see my mouse
why you lemonhead
Oh actually wine hey I'm the lime head
Carson welcome home from school buddy
dude no today is art 1000 video that's
true so we're sharing our memories
what video of our 1000 videos was your
favorite
looks like fun
Oh call it what's up buddy how's school
yeah hey did you know today about 1000
video how many views in total do we have
Wow
if you could pick one single video that
was your favorite
which one want to be the beginning on my
RC yeah you're arty try yeah
Collins car fully charged we've gone
through the process to set up the ESC
and training mode so it's only got 50%
throttle and the trims align and
everything's ready to go it has not been
Droon yet Collin you get the first
official run are you ready take off dude
unless fifty percent do you think you
should go faster yeah yeah
I know it's kinda loud the blower back
there but I'm still amazed they didn't
come get that yet they were supposed to
get it yesterday 8 o'clock at night
so that's that 999 videos plus one a
thousand total videos
some have been private Adama stood some
actually deleted but overall a thousand
uploads on this channel and that is one
heck of a milestone and you know we just
wanted to make a video that kind of
showed you guys the journey the process
that it took from us to get from day one
the very first vlog cringe cringe is
vlog effort all the way to now and the
progress is definitely remarkable and
you guys a lot of you have been here
from the very beginning so we kind of
wanted to make this a special video to
commemorate 1000 it's a pretty big
number you could you wear a thousand
t-shirts no could you eat a thousand
M&Ms no I could read a thousand sardines
so yeah this is just a special thank you
guys video for being here for the entire
journey if you've come part way you're
still special to us you've watched
something you've watched some pretty
incredible moments in a family's life so
we wanted to say thank you and here's to
a thousand more so that my friends is
where we're gonna leave for today we
want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
