good morning to you guys hope everyone
as well Liza and I we're on a girls
shopping day say hi Liza we just drove
for a little while and she fell asleep
so she's grumpy I am meeting my stepmom
Cathy and my step sister Tasha up here
they're already in there shopping I was
running a little late this morning but
so let's go ahead and find him okay I
found a little girl maybe there's Graeme
and Tasha
maybe punching
she's not a mouthful of crackers so what
are we doing Quintin crap Batman
shopping uh-huh typical boy so you don't
want to show I want to show grandma took
off with Liza Livie I reckon I found
them well they're looking at Christmas
jammies
Oh Belle's jammies are oh hi
I know I see Christmas jammies cute
pretty
I want a onesie and there's one that
looks like it fits me but I got one that
says vintage Texan Chiklis well milk
cookies and presents wise are you trying
on Quentin's glasses say hi the Hat you
better sit down munchkin all right guys
we have shopped
we have jobs and we need food living are
you hungry yeah we got the little ones
back there they were tired of sitting in
the strollers so we got to walk them
away or mount a little bit so yes
there's a pizza place in here somewhere
we're gonna go good peeps oh do you try
to get mommy it's hard for me to vlog
and turn this stroller all the way down
and then right we don't know our way
around this place yet
I don't we need to get used to come in
here so we can know where everything's
at I know where everything I'm good it's
not about it's not a bad Drive either no
oh there's a converse store Oh Q are you
guys
all of these guy get in there to kept
reaching out to platinum to hold her
hand
yeah pretty much I worked at a pizza
place for six years in that whole six
years we had to hand roll our dough
right look at this little machine they
have now like they put the dough ball in
and
we've got salad and peaches and oh okay
it's time to eat alright everyone got
their bellies fall
everybody's got their bellies fukiyose
got your bellies full your belly full
Livie I can't even see you you're just a
shadow there you are
Oh granny said cookies they all heard
that too
Grammy's cookies are the best well we
have shopped and I am dropping Sheldon
the stroller shop till we drop
this is not all my stuff it's everyone
yeah oh yeah but look I get the stroller
like if the lice against out of it
it's fall nights going backwards my Z's
sleepy she shopped till she dropped oh
that's nice I did you have fun today
because cute she isn't a tall hat that I
bought her
are you cute and you see yeah I think
she had fun we all had a good time
ha what's up guys I hope you've had fun
almost Veronica today she came straight
home and went upstairs to take a nap so
I figured you know I'll show you what
I'm up to so check this out look we've
got our conduit set right it's got the
line in it all this has been run and
it's a it's been a lot of work it's been
a long day going into the garage we've
got our internet run all the way uh our
guy Vic still here working who Vic has
been nothing but a humongous help for me
to accomplish the Internet out here so
Victor everyone shout out to Victor in
the chat today awesome stuff happening
here he hooked us up with this rack
which we don't really have any rack
amount of components yet but we may in
the future and we're using cat6a all
right yeah
Kasich's a cable which is a very
high-speed data
basically we have everything ran so that
we can wire the computer in the corner
the TV over here and yeah I mean I guess
that seems pretty simple but it took all
day to accomplish that so we're just
getting ready to test connections and I
went to Lowe's and I got my pipe recut
or trimmed basically if you miss
yesterday's video I said that once I
started piecing this together I realized
that I miss measured a little bit and
our depth would have been way off so I
took the pipe to Lowe's and we had to
recut it so here in a little bit I'm
gonna put this back together and show
you guys what that looked like should be
able to put my desktop on there and show
you what mostly the finished product
will look like
it's gonna look so good iliza off the
hook tonight Oh Liza got new PJ's crazy
today all right I'm literally sitting
here working all day and then I start
seeing like notifications come in
notifications but now the kids are going
to bed Liza I love you sweetheart I'm
gonna tuck you in but I just want you
guys the same night to say good night to
the vlog II say good night you need a
haircut dude person
we kind of try it out check that up the
internet is directly under the TV
so we have full Netflix access we're
Netflix and chill and boy chill I'm
reluctant to show you this because I
kind of want to show you the desk when
it's fully finished but we've shown all
the progress so far so check out the
desk who doesn't look sick it's gone
yeah it's it's full custom Zach helps me
put it together so to Dallas we the only
thing we're missing is the casters so we
had to set it on these pallets just to
get an idea where the height of the desk
would be it still will be just a smidge
taller than that but it's connected
everything solid this thing is awesome
we're gonna sand it now and then over
the next couple days I'll put quite a
few coats of polyurethane on it you get
this thing looking super super good by
the time that's done the wheels will be
here we've got Internet we've got TV
you've got it all that he's working
great
yeah so basically we're gonna spend the
rest of the evening getting this sand
dated and all that and we're just gonna
move on I hope you guys have had fun
with us today we're moving right along
here Veronica had a blast shopping this
time so so yeah that guy's is where we
were going to end it for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching
I can't wait to see you back here
