yeah what's up guys welcome to the video
today I'm super excited because well I
got tired of waiting frankly and I just
came to Home Depot and we got all the
pipe segments cut and threaded for the
desk the original price for the pipes
that we needed and the company to cut it
for us was 350 bucks we just got out of
here with all that pipe at 90 bucks
that's the way way better we had to
spend a little bit of time here but okay
better price
okay so happy that we have all the
pieces we need and I want to give a
quick shout out to Jay Jay was the Home
Depot guy that helped us out cut all
this pipe for me in the middle of a busy
rush like he was the only person in
charge of plumbing he told me when it
started because now I'm gonna have to
take care of other people in love and he
was I was very patient and he was very
patient so big shout out to you Jay
thank you so much for helping us with
this and so basically they had
everything we need except for we needed
six of these T's they only had five of
them and they didn't have any of the
flanges so there's like a little it's
almost like a disc that
these these threads on in the same
threads they're called floor flanges and
that's what the pipe will screw to the
flange that will be attached to the
bottom the desk they didn't have this we
still have to find those and I could
piece this together right now just to
see how it all fits but we're down in
one of these so I can't do that either
and I promised Veronica that I would
take her out on a date tonight so we
don't
do that so today's vlog isn't much about
this quite yet but we're gonna go out on
a date and have some fun yeah so I just
it it's Friday night so every night
right every Friday night at 5 p.m. we
have a live stream flashes over I'm
taking her on a date and and her with
her baby with her baby we don't have a
babysitter and her well my love are you
ready yeah
so we found herself at a little place
called
old bag of nails religious but
you totally brought me to fish dude
smells delicious in here
what you got lysing
little smiley face lemonade
I didn't think I'd be having to cube
ladies tonight
that realizes
those of the
parenting
it's hard to get out and do date nights
there wouldn't
sure daddy
Lisey draws in hard
oh look at this chicken nachos fish
dinner oh my and you got water spicy
chicken yep he's deal
it's November 11th and my husband is
already playing Christmas music
love it I'm telling you why Santa Claus
is coming to town
Aliza still doesn't understand yet but
like Christmas at our house I get in the
spirit I really do but it is pretty
bonkers is beginning in November sorry
okay this would be the point in the
night where we went on did something fun
something more romantic
like
movie
ready
books and chill instead we find
ourselves in Walmart
for divers
is this the most romantic part of our
date night
together we're together in Walmart
with the Santa and elf balloon
no button was passed out in the car seat
I'm going to come in and get her PJ's so
it is morning why is this getting ready
to go shopping with mommy
my boys are home from would you girl
last night you say that yeah and you're
starting with fruit by the foot say or
no that's for roll yeah hmm what you got
going on sir watch a video Oh watching a
video yeah okay
nice relaxing night after we got lice
it's bed actually it was really relaxing
night after we got lice to bed
we didn't even Netflix and chill we're
late I'm Veronica went to see off her
mom her and Jake J are taking a vacation
to Puerto Rico for a week so uh you know
spent some time over there saying
goodbye to them they're gonna have a
blast no doubt oh yeah it was nice to
kind of just hang out and not film so
much yesterday but just be together be
with each other what's hard man as a
vlogger you want to film everything but
it's nice sometimes to kind of just be
in the moment
and I feel like this this things are
really really important we have a lot
going on Veronica's going her analyzer
going shopping for the day with Kathy up
somewhere I don't know like one of those
outlet malls and I got someone coming
over we're doing the internet cable
today I got the pipes yesterday and I
started putting everything together let
me show you what I what I discovered I'm
piecing this together last night we
stopped at Lowe's and I was able to find
another one of these guys
and the flanges which these ones aren't
the black lead pipe flanges which is
what the rest of this pipe is they're
galvanized but you're never gonna see
that because this is the exact
underneath of the table right here so
you'll never see that so that's why I
went with that I couldn't even find
black flanges so we're gonna go with
these anyways but the problem I found is
I didn't account for as much space as
these would add to my dimensions I
didn't know what this was those fittings
had somewhere around to two and a half
to two and three-quarters of an inch to
the dimensions and I thought they were
going to be an inch so I measured from
the edge of this flange to the edge of
this one and it's a little bit it's
about two inches over three feet and our
desk death is three feet exactly I have
to take this two foot section and I'm
gonna have to cut it down a bit to allow
for this to kind of shrink in so the
tabletop can sit on them other than that
I mean this is pretty much the bottom is
gonna have caster wheels but that's
pretty much gonna be the I guess design
of the desk that pipe will go to the
other set of legs just like that so it's
going to look really cool but we've got
to make some adjustments I didn't
the fittings would be that big so that's
cool I have everything I need to
actually after I go and get this cut be
able to put the top on the desk and we
can start finishing the desk
we'll have internet in here we've got
the furnace working the only thing we're
waiting on in here is carpet so I can
finish that trim and we're pretty much
done guys like this is the final stretch
of this office project and I can't tell
you how relieved I'm gonna be when this
is all said and done because we put a
lot of time and effort into this and it
looks great it looks fantastic but now
we can start moving forward so that guys
is where we're gonna leave you for today
I want to thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
