7:45 perfect
we'll be there guys for the longest time
throughout my entire career all the
places I've ever been and all the
experiences that I've been privileged
enough to take part in but always
thought to myself how cool would it be
if my kids were able to come here with
me and see this that's why today I am
incredibly excited because for the first
time we're gonna go on a trip in our
favorite rocket ship and me and the boys
alone are gonna go and have an amazing
weekend welcome to the blog so they're
not home yet
from from school and when they get here
I'm gonna let them know that we have a
plane that takes off at about 7:45 to go
to Charlotte North Carolina to visit a
NASCAR race very similar to something
that we just did recently but the real
kicker is the boys have never been on an
airplane like I don't know what to
expect and you know Carson gets carsick
this is gonna be real interesting this
should be home in about eight minutes
are you ready
do you even know what what we're doing
yeah where we go we're going to
Charlotte we're gonna Charlotte are you
guys at all tell me what are you feeling
right now what is you're about to get on
the plane for your first time pumped and
excited oh good okay all right good what
about you excited awesome okay good
oh thank you sir funny story Colin
grabbed one of my old vlog cameras and
decided he was just gonna start
sporadically vlogging things this is a
big deal yeah first plane ride I
remember my first plane rode I was so
scared
we got one bag two bags that's it we
packed light we're about to have one of
the coolest experiences and it'll be my
honor to give it to your son and your
son I hope you're ready this is gonna be
the most coolest thing from I know daddy
carries a lot of gear alright let's go
to the airport
here we are dudes are you ready I hope
you guys are excited this is gonna be a
really cool experience yes I can't wait
I can't wait to introduce you guys to
tsa Collins got the suitcase got your
headphones nice you guys are ready to go
all right let's cross I'll tell you what
man as as surreal as this experience is
going to be for them have their first
airplane experience
it's just as surreal for me to be able
to like provide that with them
so cool so so cool I love
so boys this is what they call security
checkpoint where the TSA makes sure that
you are fully good to be on the plane
we're gonna go in over here that's so
cool
their dad is probably in the military
and he's coming home today isn't that
awesome
they're so good everything survived I
know oh there it is we get halfway down
the hallway and Colin's like where's our
suitcase we left it right by security
all right boys cheers to a super-fun
adventure are you guys prepared let's do
it Hey whoa what the heck is on your
lives
my nerves are steel their nerves of
steel they said okay lipstick that's the
one that's the guy three of us my man
what you guys want Charlotte yeah we're
trying to call you guys this is direct
flight to Charlotte on American your
next flight out of Washington tonight
till like midnight it's still stuck in
Houston we check in right and the guy
the gate the gate agent says there's a
direct flight because your connection is
super delayed super like yeah we tried
guys we tried Jose man George from
United they need a promotion American is
slacking bro flyers
go say hi I check it out apologize for
being late
boys congratulations on your very first
light come on you could do it I'm proud
of you boys good job absolutely good job
yeah you're flying no need to rush our
plane is super delayed so we'll be here
for likely seven-hour what Colin's got a
piece so for that reason we do have to
rush see right there birthday always
says that where you go boy
oh my gosh it's so cool first time first
time you've ever made it to first class
with my boys on their first trip oh it's
so red box is closed it's closed I need
that caffeine we got so long to wait
what are we gonna do what dude you got
like still an hour and a half yeah I
know whoa what's that what do you do for
an hour 35 minutes
finally it's time wait are you guys look
tired of traveling you about to get that
first-class experience dude you can't
give up yet these boys are ready one
more flight and we are on our way to
sleep because we have to get up super
early you realize we've got a big day
tomorrow
tomorrow is a really really big day
but I've never been this close to the
hangnail
me too
this is the best
you're not going to use a moment on my
way devices it isn't your first trip on
an airplane is complete now we have
listen it's 12:40 I still have to edit
this because I want it to be up for you
guys tomorrow while we're doing what I
came here to do so much fun it's been
really really exciting
we still define our driver guitar hotel
and get these guys asleep ASAP
that's us
boys you are exactly where I want to be
right now
but I have to pay up for a minute
because I have to pick things how do you
turn this light on I'll bet you guys are
beep but look at this view Hey look
right down there you see that clock
right there Oh
127 a.m. we actually are here for a
first sponsorship we were we were
blessed to have the opportunity to get
an Instagram sponsorship which is super
super cool so I want you guys to do me a
favor and keep an eye on my Instagram
over this weekend we're gonna be doing
some really cool stuff believe I
mentioned before we're gonna go to
NASCAR did you guys have the best time
ever
flying was super fun wasn't it I'm I'm
really I'm really happy that you guys
were able to have that experience that's
so cool okay so I guess guys that's
where we're gonna leave before today and
I mean I just want to mention like I'm
not really excited for the boys to fly
just for the experience of getting from
point A to point B for me like when I
first flew it was that change of
perspective like when you're way up in
the air like that the earth seems so
small from up there and you just helps
you realize like how fast the world is
and there's so many things to see and it
just really changes that perspective so
again I've said it before if you have
the opportunity to fly and go places and
travel and experience the world do that
it is so so good for you
so with that guys that's where we're
gonna leave you for today I want to say
thank you so much for coming along on
this journey with us and we can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
