what's up everybody welcome to today's
video it's a beautiful day today we're
gonna help out my momma that's right
guys today I am helping out my mom she's
got a doctor's appointment to check up
the progress of her healing from her
back surgery
you know we got a lot of stuff done
yesterday it was a very very productive
day and I'm on schedule to to actually
get the internet installed today and I'm
pretty excited about that but we gotta
you know I gotta take a little break we
got to come help what my mom she needs a
help she needs to know that we made it
we're in Pickerington actually
Pickerington is one of my favorite one
my favorite cities right outside
Columbus
I love Pickerington for some reasons
sometimes it does have everything so mom
what's your appointment for today just
to check your back first appointment
since my surgery oh well I think he's
gonna be pleased in my opinion I think
he's totally gonna be pleased cuz you're
up welcome look at her she's thumbs up
for mom today right look at her she's in
a car she's out of her bed she looks fat
mom you look lovely thank you
as a mom she loves sweets look here I
found this and she thought they didn't
have it Boston cream pie
she likes her sweet oh yeah sure no
problem the doctor come in and he checks
her out and answer all these questions
and then guess what
mom's doing very very well he's proud of
her
he feels really confident that she's
gonna do really well so that's awesome
and apparently this guy's brilliant they
say the surgeon good on you doc good on
you coffee did you say coffee she loves
her sweets
isn't it funny being in Walmart now it's
like beginning of November
since when did Black Friday turning the
black November it's all about Christmas
already it's the best time of year they
say look at this is my mom's treat me to
some pretzels I love oh so you do nice
things for your parents they reward you
espresso and spicy nacho cheese
opal you sure belly's hanging out echo
you think it's you're just playing like
crazy
oh no homework why don't we take 20
minutes time to know so our boy money
makes me Reebok just finished put it on
what Michael asked for the mud on this
new little catcher but it's it's getting
really cold so I got one more piece of
pipe
there's this like pipe cap deal that has
to go on the outside and yeah we we got
to put that on before we can fire it up
this is creepy light I know it seems
weird the configuration has only changed
slightly right but according to the
company it's the biggest deal ever so
that's why we've gone all through
through all this trouble let's see if it
works
installing the switch alright put over
here right by the stove so that we don't
want to use this ridiculous extension
cord but that's that's Li
through driving
usually after you started and it runs
for like five seconds
there's pelts that drop and there's no
pellets dropping update I determined
that the auger was jammed it may have
not been the exhaust issue however by
specification it wasn't right anyways
but I looked up in the auger shoot and
it was all compact jammed in there and
so I had to take everything out all of
it
I opened the casing that covers the
auger and discovered that it was quite
jammed and I don't know if it has
anything to do with the quality of
pellets they told me to get hard wood
pellets but here's the thing some of
these pellets are like really big right
they're super long they do break easy so
I don't know why the auger would have
had an issue like pushing these through
but I cleared the jam the auger is
totally feeding the pellets into the
into the burn pot so fingers crossed oh
just as I turn it off we've got flame
I did not but look I discovered the
auger was jammed you may or may have not
said that but we'll see we'll see what
happens here even though this stove
looks I mean you'd think fire inside a
building seems like a complicated piece
of equipment but actually it's rather
simple you can hear it listen this is a
little intermittent puffs is the exhaust
or the draft fan drawing the air right
so it's drawing air and pushing it
through and it's going through the burn
pot to keep that flame nice and strong
right and then once this flame gets to a
certain temperature the fan that blows
air over the top of this chamber pulls
this hot air out into the room and I
mean that's pretty much it aside from
the auger mechanism that's inside the
hopper
oh that's glorious eat ah so we just did
a nice little pop late-night livestream
I've got my buddy Norman in here chat
moderator extraordinary AKA mega
technician Norman's always helped me a
lot with my streams big props to you
Norman because without you this never
would have happened yeah I like it
I know you the other good cup of coffee
in the morning and that's the wake up
regime and I should have ended it last
night but I I worked out there till like
2:00 in the morning
again another late night er like that
came inside inside the cabin crashed so
here we are you know it was actually one
of those campsite stabbing the craft
couch crashed till 5:00 in the morning
and went up to bed so I didn't get very
good sleep last night this part like
this and then you're switching poles yes
are you pumped it's Friday yeah this
little sleepovers that's cool
yes so I mean that's pretty much all
I've got for you guys today
it is quite early so I'm not gonna go
too far into today I just freaking love
you guys
I just love that you're here with us and
I love that you spend time with us
tonight Veronica doesn't know yet but
tonight is date night that's right
I'm taking her out we got a wine and
diner it's gonna happen all right
friends that's where I'm gonna leave you
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here
