here with mom on brainer Lewis morning
yes we are Nikki mom ah I'm taking them
all to have her is it the left the left
eye the cataract removed what was it
about a month ago she had a right one
done yeah
a nervous no she's hungry
she hasn't wore glasses since janna done
because it actually like improved her
sight so after she obsessed when done
maybe she walked 20/20 vision man she's
like Jeremy take picture no I got her I
marked right here so they can tell
that's the I've been doing never got
dilating drops in which it's not very
dilated yeah last time it was like it
don't get there and I'll show you guys
yeah but they're getting they're all
prepped and they ain't Stevie ologist
was just in here yep they're pushing on
through this morning yeah that's good
that's a good time you know the surgery
goes I can't eat the whole night before
and mourning and missing that no coffee
nothing you know
that's bigger bigger hmm feels like it a
sterile shield that not only your eye is
cut out yeah and they have to keep
conscious thank you awake for this so
you can look you know so your eyes not
rolled in the back of your head or
whatever hurt they do what they do
lens transplant the - yeah make the
category I got out and then do a lens
transplant yeah so yeah pretty serious
actually think about it you're still
waiting still waiting getting awful big
and it's got a feels like you're some
minute which there are there is there's
like a little foam pad in there that's
dilating medicine on it yeah yes I'm
leaving later mmm love you I love you oh
I'll be waiting right here in the back
okay and then we'll go
smile you're on candid camera they put
on Bansi sunglasses on and a keeper from
rubbing her eye and the light since it's
so dilated
I'll get sensitive yeah and but she's
enjoying some coffee - yes is that
alright so we had to come back home -
yeah baby Liza Liza she's excited she
had a waffle for breakfast and then she
found the sucker Oh made me open it for
her and she ate it mom we're gonna go
eat yeah we got some work to do today so
I'm not I mentioned it yesterday but we
had a little situation with the pellet
stove basically by the specifications of
the manufacturer supposed to only have a
maximum of two 90-degree angles we had
four I know so basically we have to
reconfigure our vent pipe that says is
here now helping us out with this we
have to go up three feet and then we can
go out because three feet is the minimum
rise for the stove and then that's one
more 90 and when we go out the wall we
can have our cap on then hopefully our
problem when we fix Seth what do you
think it's gonna work
like The Twilight Zone
oh is it fixing mistakes fun
lucky for us we actually have some extra
siding leftover from when they built
this place and we're gonna have to take
probably pretty sick having this piece
this piece this piece it might be but
you see what I did here I wanted yeah I
want to do the same thing so it's it's
nice in there you have no idea how big
of an idiot this makes me feel like I
think that's what we call drywall
band-aid yeah or patch if you will look
how big of a difference that's all all
the difference that we had that is a
shame and I totally feel like with the
stove at this point because obviously
it's getting colder and it's gonna be
hard enough to work out here in the cold
as it is but now I got sample I mean by
we I mean Seth's help me fix these
mistakes I made honest mistake right
yeah
I always I always install furnaces and
don't read the literature first just to
save a step I'm okay
oh you're gonna second credit right now
that's bold bold move cotton let's see
if his strategy pays off okay
little break for lunch is this not a
ridiculously big cookie right awesome
snickerdoodle so Steph just left he's
going hunting actually it's very very
chilly out today so I had to put on yeah
it's like it's like 40 degrees it's
chilly this yeah it sucks you know it
sucks to have had a mistake like that
but hopefully by fixing this the stove
is gonna work at maximum efficiency it's
just weird and the ventilation is that
important so if you or anybody you know
is actually thinking about pellet stoves
as a source of heat you've got to keep
in mind and it says it right in the
manual I mean I guess I must have missed
it no more than a maximum of a hundred
and eighty degrees of turns including
your clean out team so you have to have
your clean out team that's one and one
more 90 that's it so we've got a clean
out team one 90 degree and our three
feet of vertical which is exactly what
it says in the manual so if the stove
doesn't work right after this we're
gonna have to pursue like you know
something else is the issue cross your
fingers for me because we need that to
work at this point that is on its way to
being remedied which is great and
almost here actually to start digging
the trench for an Internet
does that not look like a oversized
chainsaw we have some fun with that all
right
you guys can think back so when we did
the pool we dug that line for the pool
it was so rocky such a hard dig for just
a little bit of a little bit of line
this is a lot more and that we've
already dug that in a matter of five
minutes so this is gonna be great big
time-saver 15 minutes is all it took for
us to dig all the way I have to shovel
this because obviously we can't get it
close to it but 15 minutes is all it
took to shovel all of this
all of this that would have been a long
time with the show hmm doing lines uh
Liza always loves she usually has an
evening session playing with the dogs
like she'll chase the dogs around and
the dogs will chase her around
she'll just run around with the ball
like you just seen in the dogs just
chaser they're never you know mean to or
anything but they're very patient good
dogs with the baby oh my god a baby Oh
Joe I was thinking Jill think she's as
big as what she is he bumps into a lot
of things huh oh my goodness don't get
ducky Eliza what are you wearing that's
cute isn't it warm
she's so cute oh my jeans came nice good
good
always gotta have jeans you know when I
go shopping for jeans I have to order
them because I work very well anytime I
ever go in the store they know I already
know what's in there we don't know
what's in here we're gonna have to take
a look you guys remembered the other
night we up in fan mail about the boys
who are asleep and we have to see what's
in this box this is from Daniel okay hey
Daniel
sorry we didn't open it that night but
we wanted the boys to open it okay boys
so gonna check it out what's in there
let's see what it is that's cool you're
shaking it it looks like a camera that's
pretty cool dude you might have to get
some cables and cards and let's see here
maybe a battery perhaps I can't open it
hmm those very very cool Daniel thank
you for sending that to the boys I'm
sure they're gonna probably try and make
use of that no doubt okay Isaiah you
think daddy's cold you gotta cover my
legs look my legs are cold
my legs are cold can you cover daddy up
sort of like your my legs
she just wants to snuggle with daddy and
all the blankie
Veronica said was my turn to figure out
dinner tonight
guess who I called you are no thank you
so it is current-day and as you guys
know I've been trying to make it so that
the vlogs end at night we have more time
to get these videos up earlier during
the day because if it's a busy but last
night after my twitch livestream I I was
on social media and I see all this hate
and negativity and the burning of our
American flag in the streets during
protest and it just it got me a little
depressed to be honest each and every
one of us we have hair we have eyes we
have a nose we have mouth we have teeth
some of us were lucky we all have a
beating heart and amongst all those
differences around the world with all
the politics and everything happening
those things make us the same we're all
people but it's disheartening to see
this divided and all this protesting and
people being so mean and hateful towards
each other
it really is its historical it's crazy
we gotta stick together
like you can't condemn somebody because
they believe something different than
you and if you do you're the very person
acting like the people you're opposed to
I don't know anything about you but I
love you like a brother like a sister
because we're people if I came across
you in the street you were in a car
accident bleeding to death behind your
steering wheel I wouldn't ask you first
if you're gay or straight if you're
Catholic or Muslim I wouldn't even think
twice I'd pull you out no questions
asked and I think that's the kind of
mindset that we should all carry and
that's that we are here for each other
you are your brother's keeper or sister
depending on how you look
why don't we spread a little bit of love
and positivity today why don't you ask
someone in the comment how their day is
going why don't you ask somebody what
you can do to help lift their spirits
why don't you put your problems in the
comments and and us as a community
trying to help solve that problem for
you let's try to be constructive rather
than destructive how about that so
without my friends I will leave you
there for today
I want to thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here
