trying to make a decision on the sofa
for the office it's that time this was
nice what about leather
just look read that
wanted to change cheese
too much
mmm it is incredibly hard for me to make
this decision I definitely want
something neutral I don't need anything
fancy this is for the office and
basically just for the purposes of like
having somewhere for other people to set
but I mean I don't know these are these
are decent I will say this though making
a decision on a couch isn't the most
important decision that we need to make
today there are bigger decisions to make
today that's right today guys is the
most important decision that we can make
and is our American duty to head to the
polls which we are now and vote for what
we what we want to be the next president
now I'm not gonna say who exactly I'm
gonna vote for but you know there's pros
and cons to each different candidate
Phil DeFranco actually made a really
really good video that shows you the
process you know the actual process of
how the president becomes the president
the popular vote has a little bit to do
with it but it all boils down to the
electoral votes so and that's it we
officially voted I hope you guys get out
and vote today you know it makes a big
difference if you feel like just not
voting at all is helping you know
anyone's case it's not it really isn't
so there's plenty of ways to get around
that and by the time you're watching
this it's already too late so there's
always there's always four years from
now
for the past what for the past couple
months we've been inundated with
political propaganda and slandering from
one side to the other it's just I I'm
glad it's over and I just want to go on
record saying that I don't feel like
either the Republican or Democratic
candidates are worthy of being our next
president I mean that might give you a
hint as to how I voted but I'm just glad
that this is about to be over I hate
this time of I hate this time of the
year every 4th November when when the
politics get out of control and it's
just it's just verbal slaying after
verbal slaying and it's all you see like
my my mailbox has been so full of paid
for by hillary clinton or paid for by
donald trump I just can't I hate it
aside from that I hope everyone is
feeling fantastic today I do apologize
for not uploading yesterday I honestly
have a horrible horrible sore throat you
saw the other day I went and picked up
cough drops and stuff and slept with my
mouth wide open it's awful it
but we did use yesterday to gameplan
it's a busy week as far as the office a
lot of scheduling had to happen
carpets coming in we're digging the
trench for the internet lines tomorrow
and yeah I think today is just prepping
the ground for the carpet lighten hi
cutie did you have a good nap yeah
Eliza's up Carson's home guys it turned
out to be I think it's gonna start
raining I had plans people were coming
to help me do stuff like for instance we
have a guy coming to dig a trench
outside not a big trench but over there
along the house we're gonna dig the
trench for the wire that needs to go up
to the garage I'm getting a phone call
oh it's wrong - he's got a
parent-teacher conference at 4:20 that's
an odd time to have a parent-teacher
conference okay shall I take him dinner
Colin Kirsten you have a parent-teacher
conference I'm like literally 10 minutes
when we get back person will have to
show everyone what we built yesterday
Carson as you guys know the last video
you saw was his birthday party which was
super fun and he got a little bit of
cash for his birthday so he wanted to go
out yesterday and pick up some cool
stuff at Toys R Us and we came right
home and built something I'll show you
when we get back oh come on
okay look who showed up just the time
alright you try not to do a Burnout oops
we made it but we're late oh just like
that good report awesome job Carson show
them what you got
so you get a book from the school for
their birthday horses giant squid whoa
okay go with Veronica and get food oh
come on wish me luck
yeah good luck with that good luck go
off in the store to get stuff for dinner
and there's already Christmas stuff
everywhere person even said you should
be putting the stuff out for
Thanksgiving not Christmas like
Thanksgiving is just so overlooked
nowadays I think we have everything
everything we need for dinner and
everything that the kids will need for
at least the next few days her lunches
whoops but I figure out sour cream
you're all the way at the other end
store no you have to go all the way back
over here so give the sour cream for
dinner person he's just writing along
yeah right inside yeah you can fit right
in there
angel what are you doing there you go
there you go Liza
there you go sit down your chair little
Liza what is it hey Cedillo's
yeah we're to establish that actually
that's it oh that's here okay it's time
for drum practice
Cullens run practices over hey on a
scale of one to ten Matt yes one being
awful ten being the next prodigy drummer
okay where's Colin he's probably like a
solid seven oh no yes age nine that's
progressive that's good I like this I
like that all right
so for those kind words I'll offer you
some quesadillas
well thanks Jason let's go eat some
dinner I'm actually starving right in
fur and Jeff I'm sorry I'm trying to
suck on cough drops and make it as
inconspicuous as possible but what the
row is literally killing me
all right Matt here's how we do it my
house okay you pretty much help yourself
here's a plate right yeah good as much
kiss Adela as you want
dude these are the best and you can tell
me afterwards I found a flyer or what
afters are like cottage best the best
quesadillas you're almost as tall as
Matt oh you got a few more inches I
think all right quesadillas as always
delicious we hung the new TV up here
Veronica wanted to keep the bigger one
for in here which is fun so now we're
gonna hang this guy really office
good did you guys ever think you'd see
the day where we started putting like
actual devices in here that's a good
sign that's a good sign that means we're
almost there
this project is so totally almost done I
can't wait
the only thing we have left to put up
here is this sound bar I got a big fan
of these sound bars a because they look
nice and B because it's bluetooth so we
can just music yeah yeah so Caleb you
have what you got a new wireless router
yeah you need to hook tup I got your
back dude three-way calls there so like
cuz you never know if the other person's
hung up again my goodness
talking to those big companies
especially Time Warner Cable is like
pulling teeth which I would rather do
because that's sucks kids I'm sorry you
can't have internet tonight my baggage
poor baby
she was had a rough day we were actually
sitting down there watching the live
election results and stuff this is a
close one man
okay so unfortunately it's it's late the
kids are in bed Broncos asleep the boys
are about to do some some gaming so I
might hop on that with them but today
today's vlog is pretty much I guess kind
of just a catch up to what we messed out
on yesterday tomorrow is gonna be a very
very busy and productive day I got a guy
bringing machinery over to do trench for
our cable line or Internet line out to
the office so that is very exciting I
didn't mention to you guys yet but the
pellet stove through an error code
because of the ventilation apparently I
have to too many elbows in it so
unfortunately we have to reconfigure the
vent pipe on the palace toe so I'll show
you guys what we're up to with that and
yeah we've got a lot of stuff to do we
are so close in the office we're doing
carpet within the next week so we have
to prep the floor to get ready for that
and it's just finally the end is near
this is about to be back to normal and I
can't be more excited so hang in there
guys I know it's been a rough like six
weeks pretty much seven weeks we've been
working on this project but it's finally
almost over so appreciate your patience
sorry the vlogs have been kind of crazy
lately but uh we'll get back to normal
soon I promise
so that is where I'm gonna leave for
today thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
