what all guys welcome to the vlog today
we are starting what we started with
some food because we're going to sky
Zone and we got three little piggies
here oh yeah they're gonna need some
energy
yeah those bottles have lids on it and
they're not full of sugar this is gonna
be a fun day
it shows them it shows the great
afformations super unleaded never put
super unless before I didn't do it I
didn't do it I swear
almost there there's getting pumped to
go jump off chuckling kids are being way
goofy but that's fine it's birthday day
we're about that hey who's ready to have
the best time ever
well
you can do better
hey guys here
persons playing dodgeball and you got
hit in the face it doesn't like to get
him
one
right there
shut up through the boil in norman right
here yeah
yeah type stuff he doesn't his channel
did you have fun you can wear those
socks wherever you want now you probably
jumped 20% higher with those socks okay
wow it's bright out here that was fun
if you could I can't see you but that
was a blast that was seriously fun and
today is only half over
we got a birthday party to have at home
what are we gonna do for your birthday
party at home Carson are you
On Dude
so I get home we throw everyone out of
the Jeep I don't need these throw
everyone out of the Jeep and we have to
get some last-minute things for the
party like cups TP trash bags laundry
soup and my last dub mmm hot and ready
like Little Caesars that's what Zack
Homer says here's my birthday boy we
think you like those big balloons that's
it it's not a birthday party without
balloons you like the card time is just
flying by it's true they say time flies
when you're having fun oh look who's
here so test hey Dan what's up Dan
Oh Brittany hey man Oh amber these are
the things right here
that's what Kirsten wanted so bad these
little five nights at Freddy's figures
the one they're like that makes sense
there you go I don't know who brought
those little rubber hands but they're
the hit of the party
what's wrong Liza is so mad about the
blankie oh look she's got something to
she that's good
it's a Carson and I are sitting here at
the table chillin these over here plans
is five nights at Fanny's characters
yeah I'm doing a movie on his iPod yeah
if you need help I'll help you you can I
can teach you but I just sat here and
wired up my own Ethernet patch cables
because I picked up a switch earlier
switches are just cheap ways like kind
of extend your wired connections so
instead of for the streams basically a
better connection instead of just
plugging my stream computer straight
into an internet connection
I'll be able to plug the stream computer
and the Xbox wired at the same time
which should give me a more solid
connection and I didn't show you guys
that in the vlog because this will be
the future Gilroy reviews and how to you
know Nuggets gonna night
hmm say none I got a pretty fun day
right with the sky zoom we've got some
shrimp alone play dodgeball foam pit
cake and ice cream the coolest five
nights at Freddy's figures that have
ever seen these things this that's
really big figure I got you know hard
these things are fun well I just wanted
to say this today was a fun day and it's
nice to be able to celebrate the
birthdays of your children so perfectly
like we had such an awesome day didn't
cost an exorbitant amount of money we
didn't have to buy them being fancy
elaborate gifts that was your favorite
present right there everything alright
so it is quite late the kids do have
school tomorrow and yeah we're just
gonna round out the rest of our best day
ever in probably asleep yeah yeah so
that's all for the birthday party day
today I hope you guys all had a
wonderful day just as much as we did and
I can say thank you in advance for all
the birthday wishes I'm sure they're
gonna leave lots of birthday wishes in
the comments yeah thank you guys so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here
