hey guys good afternoon the kids and I
are on our way to a special little
girl's birthday party she's turning the
war
it's Briley's fourth birthday Bailey are
you having fun it yeah already yeah
pretty special party yeah okay let's go
see what she has to do so they've got
these like bouncy ball things and lovely
Eliza Eliza has been watching the other
kids do it well the other kids left look
at her you just want to be like all the
other kiddos don't you can you do it
here hold it like that
get in there you go believe it all right
can you do it
can you do it
I'm not looking at myself got money for
a second
here's Riley my cake Francis Reilly
who showed up and look at this these
guys are literally they try to get me on
these things but someone's gotta watch
Elijah I've always wanted to get in one
of these actually maybe we'll take turns
honey maybe you go once you go once and
then I'll go look at you my phone
sitting right there okay be careful
charging honey
dan goes down get in there honey
yeah that's hilarious
do you hear Dan bailed ready
hey how is it that guys pretty big he's
hard knock over
they're all free trying to gang up on
the one guy to actually get him over
oh he's done took off runnin and do a
roll go go go
he's going that way yeah here's Colin oh
yeah nice dude it was awesome never seen
him quite like this before I've only
seen like the cheaper ones that are
almost like almost like like a waste
doughnut or something that you hold on
to you but uh these are super cool take
off running dude and just fall forward
and you'll do a roll he says I know
go go go go go go it's about time for us
to move on because we have to go to my
mom's it is like it is like the birthday
weekend
we've got Josh's birthday Bradley's
birthday Carson's birthday it's a full
weekend solve the dogs the dogs josh is
just telling us how he's got his entire
house cleaned up how did you do that
only 30 minutes to take down all the
plastic
oh there's two cakes and white black and
brown dice for your birthday what kind
of presents did you want for your
birthday
oh wait
white Freddy's this dude loves five
nights at Freddy's is that good
is that malicious why me did everyone
have fun at Grandma yeah are you getting
pumped for your birthday tomorrow I'm
getting fun for you
where are we going for your birthday say
it louder
this guy's down I don't know if you guys
that are guys ones like a indoor
trampoline park
yes it's gonna be a blast what stinks is
we have a full schedule tomorrow and
that includes going to sky Zone so we
have to be ready for the party for when
we get back as soon as we get back from
Sky zone I have to run in town pick up
some things
and then people party yeah we're pretty
much the busiest parents this weekend
don't let the bedbugs bite guess we're
gonna have a heck of a fun day tomorrow
okay
I can't wait you get your rest you're
gonna need it for tomorrow you wake up
you're gonna be years oh I can't even
take it
yeah hey how's inviting as that bed
looks right now and trust me I would
love to just slide right in there and
fall asleep yeah far too much to do one
of those things laundry I know you're
probably like ooh no one wants to see
you do your laundry but like that's the
thing like daily vloggers you you get to
see everything mostly everything that we
do in our day as a vlog and that's and
that's it it's definitely a late night
for us deep-clean getting us ready for
all our guests tomorrow the thing is
tomorrow we have to leave early in the
morning ten o'clock to go to sky Zone
we're picking up one of Carson's friends
we're taking baby Eliza to hang out with
Britni because sky zone's probably a
little too much for her and we won't
have fun with the boys so you guys do me
a huge favor share share share the epic
food fight video that was so much fun
are you still pulling stuff out of your
hair I am NOT whoo you look you look
good I clean the bathroom upstairs and
there was rice all over bean
mmm-hmm such a fun video and the reason
I left it nice and short and the reason
I do like random videos like that so
that if people do come across our
channel and they aren't like you a
hardcore viewer and you watch us every
single day that might be something they
could be like oh okay these guys are fun
I think that's all I got for you today
guys so yeah that's where I'm gonna lay
before today I want to say thank you
guys so much for watching I can't wait
to see you right back here for Carson's
epic birthday party tomorrow
