what's up guys good day to you it is a
crappy rainy chilly day we had two days
where it was like 80 degrees and it felt
beautiful that so yeah we're traveling
up to actually Columbus and we're gonna
visit one of my favorite stores in the
whole wide world now you can see micro
thinner the best place in the world for
geeks like me one of the things we
wanted to get the office ball was a
preview TV and they had an amazing deal
on that day so I was able to pick that
up and we've got a lag free monitor for
our live streams I'm about to be top 1 2
& 3 for every college indie game from
this point forward good we came back
from town and Eliza was sleepy and I
kind of took a nap too so here we are in
the living room feel fresh
Alison Caleb's here and Caleb brought
over his xbox he bought play some Forza
what's your best car where you got GTR
the GTR is the best one yeah let me I've
got a Bugatti - but GTR is just the best
to me all around nice balance
seriously Eliza's been asleep since we
came back I should probably go wake her
up girl she's gonna be up what's that
she's like I'm waffle
I'm waffle on Eliza those shoes look so
sick her shoe game is infinitely
stronger than mine
so we're gonna go to my brother's still
we gotta go check out the scene over
there because like I said yesterday he's
having a party he turns 30 this week and
he's having a crazy party they came up
with side via to do some some formal
dinner right but it's going to turn into
something way crazy it's I mean think of
cafeteria food pipe so he wants to film
it and he wants to get some cool footage
and we're gonna go check that out but
before we do that I wanted to take a
look at this guy Ben Q gaming monitor
one millisecond latency and I don't know
if any of you guys game but if you're
playing like online first-person
shooters and you're going and you see a
guy and you shoot but he kills you first
but you think like wait a second I
totally got em this is supposed to
change the game so like if you play on a
TV there is you can't really tell but
there's a lot of lag happening and with
these gaming monitors this one says one
millisecond response time which is
pretty quick so we're gonna hook that up
and see what it looks like just like
that
pretty straightforward addition there so
I took away already put in the closet
but I had just a little 20 inch side
monitor for my iMac that I really rarely
ever use so we're basically just
switching from viewing gameplay on this
video or on this monitor to this one and
I don't know I guess I just need to play
a game real quick to see if it makes a
big difference
everyone swears by it
I've heard a lot of people in the
industry say you got to use an actual
gaming monitor to get you know to get
good on these especially Call of Duty
see you wriggle bye-bye sucker she's
been asking for a sucker all day is that
good well right you won't go bye-bye
so man had a pizza for Gilroy okay
anything else maybe a 12-pack of Pepsi
okay I'm on my own for dinner tonight so
pizza this is one of the only drive
throughs I know of that actually has
liked to drive through you get your
normal drive-thru stuff but you can also
pick up your pizza
Josh wanted to explain what's happening
here this looks like Cena or maybe right
now I'm scared I'm scared actually
Samantha what's the big idea we're gonna
do a dirty 34 mph ooh fight so we have
to have the house completely plastic
belt formal food fight I just saw in
yesterday's video Bronk without looking
for all you know
nice-looking dress and actually I still
don't have anything I want to do that
tomorrow but so basically josh is crazy
party idea this time was to have
everyone come dressed up in nice-looking
clothes and have a nice little table set
out for some day and it turns into a
food fight
food war you had poop in there it was
the worst poop Idina alone time Lyla I'm
hoping we don't have to pull out your
car seat wash it
it's bad man you look at our kitties
they're getting so big but I think
they're definitely outgrown this box and
I kind of made a little mistake and I
put their food inside there or actually
I had to take the cat box a little
litter box we're like litter training
them already um I had to feed them there
was enough room in there so I'm taking
cat box out put the food in and I left
the cat box out and well they did a
little mess over there so we got it
we got to redo our kitty condo but we
don't have any duct tape so we need to
yeah yeah we need some some duct tape
real quick and I have a couple more
boxes we're gonna build twice the size
of this kitty condo that one and this
one will make like a double like a
two-bedroom apartment right
throw them up next to each other like
this and then we'll cut a hole inside
this one right so they can pass through
and we'll leave this one with like a
little bit like the top on it so it's
like a bedroom right no lights
okay that actually turned out pretty
decent
we got a heated arrangement we got a
little bit of play space there no food
or kitty litter cluttering it up and
there's the yo I think I think we could
make something here we got something
KT condos made out of cardboard boxes
because I'm by yours truly Gil I'll tell
you what you take a you take a cute
little kitten and put it into the arms
of a hardened criminal and you just
soften I'm out
that chore is complete that makes me
feel good because those poor kids were
like they're growing so big in there
they're actually almost ready to go so
if you want a kitty make sure you hit me
up okay so yeah I had Veronica check the
post the other day and there was like
what three three things in there from
some of you awesome gladiator fans that
sent us stuff so we're gonna open this
right now Gabby Reinhardt from Kansas
watch the vlog since the beginning and
enjoy watching them every day I
especially like the ones with ninja in
them I actually am involved with ropes
or brains of hope it's a nonprofit
organization is equine therapy that
helps teach many things to people with
mental and physical disabilities it's
awesome please keep up the videos your
family is very positive and inspiring to
watch and I enjoy seeing how you how you
continue to grow and motivate me to find
joy in everything I do in life best of
luck to you and your family that's
stylish they're very pretty
haha that's awesome Thank You Gabby for
sending me that okay we'll get you an
autograph for sure so this one is from
Derek and Monterey Park California
that's nice chase its top secret g14
classified all right we'll set that one
to the side big fan of the vlog they're
very inspiring I made some of these
signs and thought maybe you would like
to hang one in the new office or
anywhere it was a project I did on the
side for fun keep up the good work my my
favorite video is probably still the
chainsaw prank advance
that was a good one for James I just say
right now shout out to James and his
family poor guy had some pretty pretty
sad news recently so much love to you
brother
for you yeah actually all the time all
the time no cell phones on date night
that's actually good I'm guilty
sir you though I am on mine cuz you're
on yours that's actually really really
good there it is you did a really good
job bud I like that you're never like
future - I may need some more signs want
to contact Derek
everyone should contact their well I
actually have actually have nine
the kids are in bed by the way so we're
going to enjoy some peaceful it was
pretty rough today I'm good
oh you know not this is from Daniel
Henderson Texas Texas that's the person
I'm calling
should we open it down man we'll save
that for we'll save that for tomorrow's
video we'll have them open this
particular box okay huh
jalapeno just will be for you Oh fresh
Alpena's from Texas do things these are
green peppers oh here's a letter maybe
we should open water Daniel you wrote
quite the letter here we'll save this
for us smells like whole he knows now
the way to my heart
caramel macchiato international delight
sake dreamers affordable the
instructions are on the back of each
photos if you have any questions just
send it to my inbox on Facebook good
luck and happy burning to your cameras
oh no way oh that's cool create like can
use baskets to create like planters
yeah echo echo Bell look John beer
sucking look it's a frisbee just John
beer socks for baby lies oh oh two thumb
here pepper man your
and I'll have to do the thing I did last
year
oh yeah the holiday plates oh yeah
peppermints
Becky was going out with that thing
already Daniel that's so nice you thanks
so much these are very thoughtful
thoughtful gifts yeah and we appreciate
you guys sending that stuff you don't
have to it's not required to be super
awesome but uh those of you who do send
stuff it really it gives us some titers
and we like yeah you know how to like
this like I love that yeah that's super
cool so thank you guys so much if any of
you watching are interested in sending
stuff for her fan mail the PIO box is
down in the description we're trying on
something new for a change maybe for a
little while maybe for maybe for a long
while who knows we're gonna try to start
getting the vlogs up earlier for you
guys I know that lately it's been it's
been later in the evening but so that my
friends is where we are gonna leave you
for today
I want to say thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back
