hey guys what's up and welcome to a new
day in the life of the Gilroy's I've got
amber bump here with me no bomb we are
currently shopping for dresses for the
formal the dirty thirty formal party for
Joshua's 30th birthday this Friday we
have to get formal dresses to wear and
we're looking for something on the
cheaper side because well the dress is
probably gonna get a little messy I
don't know if I should tell you guys all
the details right now but it's gonna be
a fun party okay here we go
dress number one this is actually green
on camera it looks blue that's actually
very pretty green color um I'll probably
getting some leggings just cover up
these legs not wearing socks it's cute
there's am birds uh pink it's cute but I
think it's a no-go no no no okay here's
just number two I do not like it it is
nice and like sequency but no Amber's
dress number two for 4.99 yeah I like
that one
shiny a little bit kind of a birdie
print she's gotta adjust about here's my
next dress hmm here is my last row she
can't really even see it bye-bye
okay so this one like it's lacy and I
don't know I don't like all right ever
found a dress here I was not a fan of
what I found here so we're gonna move on
we found ourselves in the shoe
department Chiefs daughter I could
actually get gold shoes because I have
gold on my dress yeah you're gonna gold
belt yeah so we're trying to spend cheap
shoes for this oh here look look it's
got a solo we need some light warmers oh
okay
I don't know I found
like her like like over the nose like a
scientist maybe like okay hey check it
out
who's here they're like a time focus
there you go
Jason probably think those are a little
cooler it's not no coolness about safety
but this right here is one what we're
looking for there in the tool Department
all right guys back home I came home and
hung out with the kids for a little
while and got them to bed now or just
kind of hanging out and chases like
honey I need waxed we're waxing eyebrows
I heard you in the comment I mean I can
see it it's there I'm just uh well the
tool I have doesn't really work so I
need a new one but this is a proper
solution and should be pretty
entertaining plus not only is it me I
got a couple subjects out there as well
so I have this to take care of you know
pretty standard stuff right and I asked
his ex he's here exact do you have
anything everything you need to get rid
of no show it to he was like this and I
was like oh my goodness we're gonna fix
you right up dude and then Dallas Dallas
is uh underarms
a little to bushi so we're gonna take
care of those two yeah as if doing one
last time wasn't enough for him he's
like you know what we should do the
second one - this will be the tamest
part of this segment you'd need to pull
your hair back they're watching a
baseball game it's the last game before
do you feel as me you like my mom the
World Series is happening back there
yeah can you guys keep it down
there good it's good it's all good
I think that's good for you think
alright then next victim okay exactly
it's the moment of truth that little
chest patch has got to go dude look at
that thing it's awesome
I wish I could have that much hair in my
chest oh my goodness it already hurts
just there we go oh my god can I hold
your hand do you wanna hold mine does it
cover it all how's that feel
how does that feel it's honestly kind of
relaxing it's kind of relaxing
but you know what just waxed money come
here I'm just not taking care of myself
like I used to commit try to commit bro
Oh
especially since you didn't do what I
said you should have one which was trim
it first
it's another one another one the creases
eyebrows and actual chest and I mean
it's like didn't really match so I had
to do his nipples and balance is like I
need my armpits down put it right back
in there you did okay here's you start
here's the start with on hook number two
you don't want mean they just pull it
down straight down oh I'm gonna stand up
to get leverage on this oh my gosh
oh this prevents it from growing back
the ladies don't like the armpit hair
either just smother this one put it all
on there you like poles it's sensitive
right there a man that just be quiet and
let me do it easy what I'm gonna get it
I need to get a grip on this thing there
you go that's the spirit
so Caleb has these ridiculously hairy
arms horsemaster right there its
benefits are bleeding airs coming out no
it's all gonna be gone I know it's gonna
be yeah it's all gonna be gone I can
already feel it sticking oh yeah all
right get that thing on that dude that
you're gonna love this is actually
you're gonna love this one
tell me Zach it is so relaxing I'm sure
it is it's breathtaking it doesn't even
feel bad really
yep
I didn't feel nothing oh my gosh
how do you mess that up I don't know
round two oh okay that one's done oh
it's completely red Frost so wax
actually worked on me and it didn't it
didn't happen even happened to fail on
me you know what I'm saying you know
what I think what since you will need
did your eyebrows what does anoche see
chasers lost something extra wax like
what no way I am NOT my favorite dreamer
ever can you believe this suggested that
I wax that last night oh no no no no the
rest of the video last night was
canceled because of the excitement of
the the World Series game last night did
you see that unfortunately the Indians
couldn't pull it out there was hope
when Chapman came in and Davis hit that
two runner in congratulations Cubs you
earned it
my brother is having a pretty epic
birthday party this weekend this weekend
is my brother's birthday party Friday is
actually his birthday and he's having a
party as you know my rota does the
craziest parties it's gonna be it's a
formal dinner with the twist I'll show
you more on that tomorrow
so unfortunately guys that is we're
leaving for today I want to say thank
you all so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
