what up guys whoo yeah what's up guys
welcome to the vlog today we're we're
getting stuff done out here we're trying
to chip away some of these cracks we
found here in the and I guess the
foundation the block rise or some
surface cracks to go kind of all the way
through so we're drilling them out so we
could patch them again tricep elbow
he's gonna get my eyeballs out because
they're very captivating yeah that is
true
see a little bit of light through so
this crack this mortar joints crack and
we got a patch sack so I don't want the
air coming through so we're uh we are
grinding it out when you're grinding
stone like that it puts off a lot of
dust and you don't want to breathe that
in so I was sucking the dust while he's
grinding it away and you guys know like
when you use wood glue if you remember
back shop class if you have to glue it
would joint right that glued wood joint
ends up being stronger than the actual
wood itself so hopefully that's what
happens here is that accurate assumption
the the bond should be stronger than the
actual concrete beside I'll tell you
what when you're chipping away this
mortar you see sparks this stuff is way
harder than the actual brick a lot of
additives and yeah that was pretty
intense all right you say office yeah so
basically said then I just took a time
out to make some phone calls and stuff
we're trying to figure out this the desk
situation basically here's where I got
some rough drawing that I've got
so imagine the table top of the desk and
these would be the laser we need pipe to
go up like this to a tee that would go
here to drive a horizontal bar across
and then just because they don't make
this type of connection to fit these all
these pipes to go all that and it's
crazy we need to go down like this and T
over and then then we need to drop a
little bit more and then horizontal over
to the front part of the desk and we're
trying to figure out who has that length
of pipe because I went to Home Depot and
they only have like twelve inch sections
and we don't want it to be awkward with
a bunch of like connections or overly
excessive connections so we found some
plumbing companies that have the inch
and a quarter nice big thick pipe that
has the pipe but they don't cut it or
thread it and we definitely need it cut
and thread it how we're going to finish
the bottom and I thought this would be a
really cool touches we're going to take
like caster wheels like you would see on
a scaffold not that big so each of the
where it meets the floor we've got these
lockable caster wheels what do you think
Saul contraption stall construction
worth the worth the hassle yeah man this
is agree it's gonna be awesome
we're in business we found a place that
will get a we got get we got to get the
pipe right or they got the pipe oh they
got the back I just have to make a more
sophisticated diagram of what exactly we
want with accurate measurements and send
it to these guys and there
actually cut cut and you have to have
them thread the pipe so that we can
screw them into our fitting but uh
they're going to make it for us and all
we got to do is go pick up the pieces
and come back here and put it together
that's so awesome but seth has run out
of his time for the day I got an ABS to
take you got an abscess eh no thanks for
your help dude
I appreciate he's letting me borrow that
table saw so we can finish the windows
and stuff yeah looking good you're the
man dude when this is done we've got
we've got lots of upcoming work to do do
mm-hmm
yeah yeah okay moving right along
yesterday's vlog it has you guys so what
a whopper so I just finished editing my
Seth came over super early this morning
I didn't even have time to take a shower
yet so I'm gonna take a shower and we
have a big surprise for one of my boys
I'm not exactly sure how to pull off
this hairstyle
I mean how cold
I'm frantically trying to get this side
of the garage cleaned up before calling
its home because that just got dropped
off we can probably get this thing set
up now hopefully I know how to do that
but I just want to say like the guy came
to drop this off
victory such a nice guy this is a
starter set it's nothing special
funny how things turn out he also
happens to be like a network specialist
for like fiber optics and you know
Internet networks
he offered me quite a big help to get
this run properly he saw I had it hooked
up and he goes yeah I think we can do
something better so he's gonna hook us
up I'm truly blessed enough so so many
amazing people but uh but yeah so this
is a starter kit I think he said I was
the shells are jam nothing too crazy
nothing too expensive just something to
get him started you know and I told
Colin when he first started learning to
play drums that if he could learn five
drum beats that I would get him his own
drum set to practice on and like I said
five beats in he said dad I learned five
beats and he showed him to me and I
honestly didn't I honestly didn't know
that he would stick in it long enough to
actually learn them but he has and I'm
so glad in this in this case to have
been proved wrong so before he gets home
from school which is in like two minutes
I'm gonna try and set this up and
surprise him
I think that's it now I'm no expert but
maybe this comes in a little little
closer that goes a little a little more
like that but it's time to wrap
oh what a wreck dee diddly-dee big big
crash oh no he's home he's home he told
oh that was such perfect timing I just
finished it
where's he at where's he at who's your
eyes close your eyes don't look in here
I made something special for you come on
keep coming keep coming
wait keep coming step over the cord over
you got it you got it doesn't mommy told
you to drive your drumsticks you might
already you know what's going on here
ready open Oh what do you think dude
hey did it yeah is it a little too high
I figured we could adjust it to you but
can you play let's see you play
something who's this
how hard is it to close it's it's closed
you step on it yeah but I want it like
always closed it don't take it all the
way out what are you doing you want to
always close so it doesn't open well I'm
like well that's why that's a lot of the
petals like that honey
look it's always open right until you
press on it you press on it and that's
just how it works just a big crash yeah
cross over there and then one there's
only one do you want to hear do own it
over here customize it to your liking
and pull your symbols over there doing
it shorter looks pretty tall a see how
this rocks
all right show me what you got oh my god
play us play something do you groove
come on good are you nervous money group
go do forget no I know however those
I don't appreciate cataloging these
types of moments but like I was
literally you saw it I was more excited
than he was I think he's excited he's
just not he's confused about cuz there's
different placement in there they're
kind of different and they don't sound
the same I don't I he doesn't want to
play he doesn't want to play it for us
you believe one little beaten he knew it
didn't sound right so it stopped he's
like no I can't play it tell him like
that oh listen this isn't an opportunity
to put in the comments right now that
you know what an ungrateful but that uh
that's not why we film or add these
pieces to our videos but like I can
recall my dad telling me now that I'm
older quite a few times that he got
super excited for a Christmas gift you
know that he thought we would just be
blown away by and then we opened that
gift on Christmas and we're just like
yeah yeah and I just got served that
feeling and that sucks I'm just blown
away I gotta take your time out we just
took a time out we're out here by
ourselves gorgeous oh you're staring at
this drumset not being played I'll play
honey heartbroken sad
there's little to - that's all we wanted
was just a little something right being
overly dramatic that's how I feel inside
it'll be okay I sitting here with this
guy open the month it's homework math
homework useful would whoa you keep
learning what you're working on and keep
practicing and it stays in your head
longer the more you practice it hey
there hi what you're doing well we're
gone for now
windows oh boy oh yeah huh finally got
homework done how'd that go
oh it's great okay so as you guys know
Colin's a little discouraged earlier
about the drums and sounds like
so we had the cone reinforcements ma
showed up I think it's helping giving
him a little more confidence and making
sure everything's right he did bring
some new drum heads and stuff for him to
make everything sound good I think
that's what Colin was kind of worried
about it was a sounding right I actually
bought some he brought some of his old
but new to this drum set drum heads and
they sound a hundred times better than
what was on it
um so now he's got them all on there and
he's gonna help him get it set up to
where he can just come out here and
practice on his own and of course Matt
will still come and help teach him
things and new stuff sometimes vigil at
church
oh you think Hey and today is Matt's
birthday everyone say happy birthday to
Matt thanks for coming out and doing
this on your birthday so yeah he's gonna
just set it up and tune it tune all the
drums and everything for ready Colin
let's see it
okay so at the same exact time map the
legend this guy right here finishes the
drum setup well I also finish the window
trim super awesome of you Matt to come
and help us get this all set up so thank
you and on your birthday at that right I
mean you could have you could have had a
million things to do on your birthday
but you came here we really appreciate
you man we were uh let's just say we
were at a loss earlier if I picked up a
guitar that had like five strings on it
yeah and it was all out of tune I would
say the same thing as I'm working on
this stuff I was thinking you know I had
a lot of time to think about it it
really wasn't calling just being
ungrateful I think it was just him like
wait this doesn't sound right I can't
play this I need the expert the person
he knows is you know if you know yeah so
thank you you you helped to reconcile
today for me ladies and gentlemen
today's coffee cup it's it's America I
have a room bad habit of picking a
coffee cup and like taking it outside or
leaving it in a car but yeah it's a it's
morning it's morning and kind of took
after Matt left a nice little you know
discussion with the with Colin and stuff
about what happened yesterday and it was
good it's good we figured stuff out it's
weird how that works like you can't you
can't always jump to conclusions there's
always something else you know what it
means something underneath the surface
that you can't see so we figured it out
was nice actually
baby avatars it's not weird as hell
a real-life Halloween costume no that's
like fake but that's just crazy oh well
that is crazy yeah I think that's what
we're gonna call it for today guys
today's going to be fun make sure you
check come and check out the livestream
we do have a livestream at 5:00 p.m.
Eastern
I don't think Call of Duty's out yet so
we'll still be streaming battlefield one
and veronica has a plan for us to go do
family photos today with all the fall
colors before all the leaves fall so
it's going to be a fun day it's going to
be nice that's all I got for you today
guys thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see each and every one
of you right back here
