and all that it looks pretty good
well guys stay with me we're in
transition
Jeremy is doing it right though look
maybe it was just you inspired me at
least let me fix my hair so this is what
the hair is going to be looking like
we're in transition but eventually we
may have this little hard part thing
going on here we're trying to change it
up and wrong with that yeah so basically
guys I definitely have taken the next
step into like creating a new hairstyle
and I kind of dig it man it's definitely
not fully there yet I need to I need to
grow it out some more so we can do it
right but it's exciting change is change
it's never easy
change is almost scary but I feel like
change sometimes it's necessary for
growth you know like
Comfort is stagnation so got to mix it
up sometimes it's taken me a long time
to make a decision to change my I some
of you probably gonna lose your minds
there's a trick or treat
yet again tonight it is actually
Halloween today and there's more
triggered from trick-or-treat
I'm about to go inside bro hasn't seen
my haircut yeah I'm not surprised er you
like it does it look nice yeah it's a
little frizzy but some of the stuff but
I still gotta figure out that but you
like it is it good what do you think
boys you like my hair yeah does it look
cool yes gotta cut real short on the
sides yeah yeah that's how it's gonna be
it's gonna be nice and short they're
trimmed up - but this is gonna be a
little more comparison once it gets
longer I guess yeah so they want to do
trick-or-treat again so we're getting
all suited up Carson still the zombie
hunter ballin still the Slenderman and
baby Liza still bedhead Nana had to come
and get on the action that's the thing
like everybody wants to see the kids
trick or treat and so far I mean we went
to my mom's town
now we gotta go so where Nana can come
to and I mean Liza just can't get enough
actually okay cool quit your slide yeah
I spider bunny wabbit Oh like we should
have done something way cool and that is
interview people in our costumes based
questions based on the characters that
they're dressed up at just to see if
they know their characters as well as
they they should if they dress up like
their mom they're passing on candy is it
Harambee
Caramba don't know hey there's a banana
he's got a name
you've got to banana oh that is the best
double costume ever
Harambee with banana that's a big ha ha
ha ha I love it
hey I heard you guys are giving out road
flares roof grappling no I thought maybe
someone grabbed one that's what you're
saying I was like I know
oh this is special treat right here
Carson okay you push that one first you
just push it down uh that's it and
remove one over there yep and push it
again you're pushing a hotel
Carson gives thumbs up dude thanks
you're welcome
Oh Colin's in there too all right what
was the other son's name
Carson Carson yes : he's calling yeah
that's funny because we have an altered
person when officer :
oh really you guys should keep having
kids you'll name the whole department
nice yeah
hey thank you I think so yeah thank you
Carson that's awesome right there
that's good stuff did you like that yeah
yeah all right all right continuing on
we reached the end of this this little
community block here that's it it's a
haunted house down here like someone did
their garage as a component house but
the line is crazy crazy long and lies is
pretty much had enough so we can go to a
hundred how we can go to a real haunted
house if you want no you and me last day
yeah but today is the last day and the
day is not over if off your costume
because mom I ain't seen it yet all the
ladies in this family are I mean they
got everything
I'm asking Veronica I'm like where are
we supposed to go right now what's for
dinner and she's just back in the back
she's just back there on her phone
no but I didn't
the excuse to go to Momo is a show of
the costumes was definitely for fur Nana
because what just happened here I'm
joining that the three club did yeah
so they're just shared some pretty
incredible news before you know by now
three teen Wow hey man hello hey big
families of the best shocking right now
you know remember when you found home
takes like days days poem no ever when
we found out we were having a lot of
things I was at your house and I still
remember that feeling when she came out
of the bathroom yeah he called me we
were just staring at each other yeah
Veronica's leering at us yeah it was
just like this trip this big square
there I really knew it I was like she's
been asleep she's been sick she's
pregnant what about you did you have any
idea that you're over there a lot she
was not really she has man I've had any
symptom the biggest sign was yesterday
she started cleaning the whole house I
did pretty like okay ting like like
insane cleaning like not destroyed not
like I'm gonna pick up like every
countertop every drawer every cat was
cleaning walls she doesn't fall so it
was like you're cleaning your nest
that's how you know and start cleaning
up no that's awesome congratulate the
natural animal comes out of her build
her nest look at your hair she looks
like a TV character who is that from
Seinfeld no is enough from Seinfeld yeah
Kramer Kramer yeah that's hilarious
listen I better get used to it huh super
excited about my sister in Roman muffin
news that they shared with us today then
welcoming a new little bundle to their
family it's awesome I'm excited um I'm
just thinking of my sister every day and
hoping she just has a healthy pregnancy
and happy healthy baby
new a niece or nephew what's it gonna be
a girl
I hope more pink we need more girls no
family for sure I have moved on
um we took the kids home fed them got
them in bed and I'm at the horse barn
now you guys went see ninja say hi to
everybody
oh are you going to talk to us how are
you gonna talk to us
oh it is you can't eat the camera you
can't eat the camera mm-hmm he's kind of
antsy tonight because it's feeding time
I'm hoping feed and he's like worse oh
here you go boy
feed time hungry yeah here you go you go
hey cool
there you go
sometimes you got to climb up here in
the hayloft and get more hay it's where
all hay stored
two horses are down here he's up here I
don't like climbing up a ladder 'he's
kick it over I made it
come on right there I'm good now I got
to stack all these up so you wanna know
how much you hate mail ways they're
pretty heavy Oh
it's hard to carry him home alone stack
them three hi getting my workout tonight
hi Roscoe hi bumpy I'm good for one I
can't stack it any higher than this
you just can't lift it up that high but
there's only two left and I'll use those
for feeding tonight Oh see in the
morning buddy
are you ready you ready yeah you're
ready for so long
come on hurry up hurry up grab dude your
bus compares second down oh look how
sign it looks like it's gonna be a
beautiful day and the weather says it's
supposed to be 80 degrees 82 degrees
today and we're gonna take full
advantage today's gonna be a fun day
that's what what five days till my
birthday that's right
Carson is about to be another year older
on the sixth how many fingers
show no real zombies look at them
they're in Home Depot
can you believe that can you believe Tom
bees would go at Home Depot like that
why how can some bees dance he's like
are the history on zombies it was
Halloween man but all that's over now we
can put up the Christmas tree we got
Thanksgiving nope everyone skips
Thanksgiving nope oh there's little Liza
she's telling the dogs to be quiet ha ha
so yeah what a super fun day with the
family big congratulations to Roman and
Brit for that exciting news that's
definitely going to be a new and
interesting chapter in their lives as
well as everyone else's I mean the
families are growing and that's that's
just awesome so that my friends is where
we'll leave you for today
once they thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
