it's Halloween weekend and we came to a
Halloween party basically Josh and Sam
her mom are doing a Halloween decorating
who did it better
Josh and Sam have got this place
literally and decked out everywhere we
didn't really decorate for Halloween
because so on the house decorating
competition we'll consider this house
wanna take a quick look around I mean
there's there's literally decorations
everywhere
now we're gonna illustrate her mom's
house which will consider house number
two how are you know in the comments who
do you think house whose house do you
think looks pretty oh look over here
Liza look at these little guys all right
the house number two which is it which
is the winner of house number one or
house number two all right it's a donut
eating competition on a string Colin or
Carson versus Chloe ready set Oh Carson
you lost it get in there Carson wants to
challenge me to donut ready hands behind
your back
fingers right there and right there
don't hold it tight let it roll when you
can see apples in a tub of water you
know what happens next
it's bone for Apple time kids go bite it
okay it's about time to move on
Collin did you have fun yeah it was fun
Collin spent most the time if they were
playing in the sand he didn't do any of
the bobbing for apples or anything you
gotta get more into these parties dude
parties are fun tonight I don't think I
mentioned tonight Scott and Lindsay and
a bunch of people we're going to hang
out with and it's like a adult Halloween
party so we're gonna have some fun
tonight for sure so that's why I wanted
to get out today and let the kids have
some fun first large thanks for the
party it was a blast
thank you hope to see you later
we took a little time out to come home
play with the pooches kind of rest up a
little bit the kids are they're gonna be
spending the night at Nana's tonight and
like I said Veronica and I are gonna be
going to have a little adult Halloween
party it's gonna be fun
yeah we're just killing time playing for
the dogs you have a phone Nick oh you're
so fast still you're my fast little like
an everyday thing always got to bring
the dogs out and throw the ball for him
because they've got energy whoa angel
still can't keep up with that guy I'm
afraid she never will I think they're
tired already something Crazy's going on
with the weather today because it's it's
hot like it's it's nice I could be
wearing shorts today so it's almost
eighty degrees that's uh hey I'm not
complaining this is Veronica getting
ready for the night she's literally
pacing because the babysitter's late and
she feels like we're not gonna have
enough time we won't have enough time to
find a costume what are we gonna do I
don't know I don't know if that's 70s or
not I don't think they had that
hairstyle whoa something different
Broncos waves look there with her shorts
on so we're going to a 70s themed
Halloween party I don't know why they
chose a specific theme like why didn't
they let people go crazy with Halloween
costumes but basically it's a 70s themed
party so we have to find some Halloween
costume that corresponds with 70s for
example Scott and Lindsay are going as
Morticia
gomez addams from the atom food we could
we could do Italy be hippies I can't
pull off a John Travolta because I don't
have the thing you know but we could
totally do that seven show I'm an Eric
Foreman for sure daddy kissing my dad go
bye-byes okay it doesn't come out I
stays in there it's a cat toy yeah
run run on it we literally had to go in
here she's running we were the last
people to check out and get a free bag
candy awesome studies got hair again I
missed that
Scott used to have here ya know me those
I never did that stuff everything know
but serious ago before I flip this
camera around you guys
just get ready I'm all up in this you
like that Persian rug up against
Northwestern yeah look at this
that word a couple not so high for the
disco couple cheese's little chest hair
stuff the tape that they put on it was
awful so Scotty
he's got reinforcements disgust does
this car
he goes you don't want to use that on
your skin all right put it on there
let's go oh that's just Aryan coming off
tonight no it's not it's gotta be you no
no button it up you know I feel like
that's not going anywhere
Scott Tara said he looks like Zac Efron
right now Lindsey and Veronica front
time wallet but seriously we made it to
the party and there's we found these
girls inside this razor so I'm here with
this plate of nachos with cheese and dip
and it is absolutely Dustin it's
absolutely the best most spiciest
delicious dip that I've had that's right
I just wanna say thank you thank you
welcome us to your humble abode
brand new humble abode out here well
Dustin and I just want to say that you
did
Dustin's a straight-up G he was Michael
Jackson but he took the wig off and
that's Janet right there
but that's Michael Jackson I tried
teaching the moonwalk - you did did you
get it Michael Jackson
yeah
and so yeah that was that was a fun
night
I'm thinking about doing this all day
today so I had such an I had such an
awesome idea for a cool video today you
guys are gonna love it when I can pull
it off I wanted to shoot it today and
upload it perfectly in time for
Halloween on Monday but it's gonna rain
so there's no way it's gonna happen
we're gonna go back over to Scott and
Lindsay's here in a little bit because
we need to pick up some stuff we left
there and I have to go see my grandpa
you need some help and it's pretty much
gonna be a super chill Sunday I may or
may not upload a vlog on Monday so just
a heads up on that we may just take
these you're gonna cook something well
yeah so I hope you guys have a super fun
and relaxing rest your weekend happy
Halloween to all of you out there and
yeah that's pretty much all I've got for
you today thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see each and every
one here right back here
