yes today is an incredibly amazing day
for one reason
unfortunately the installers have
respectfully declined being on camera so
we don't get to show you any of it but
just look at this okay it's running it
works huh I can't even take it
no but seriously listen to me right now
the guys just left
they finished look just look at this
Louis Louis you're here at the best time
dude I got to show you something come
here look okay come here feel this feel
this huh
put your hand down I feel that what's
that feel like dude if you're a viewer
of our channel you had a part in how to
make this happen that along with those
select few from the hashtag twitch
family you know who you are you guys
helped make this happen like you you
brought the airbag hashed I bring the
airbag hashtag brought the airbag I
don't know what else to say but it feels
great in here man I'm about ready to
take this thing this thing and throw it
out and I'm like a threat outside
because I I still need it pretty okay
thank you thank you thank you thank you
you know how much more comfortable I'm
gonna sleep I mean it's actually pretty
chilly in here no it isn't I always have
the air set on like 73 72 it's it's only
been on for a little while and it is
holding strong I'll set 74 but you know
the outside unit is a little bit bigger
more efficient different refrigerant the
old system used a archaic refrigerant I
guess what he said and it's super
expensive like the refrigerant used for
that the freon was old and outdated not
very efficient so it was very expensive
to come hold this stuff uses the newer
refrigerant I don't know exactly what it
is but it's more efficient so I should
cost less energy to run it
and it will keep the house cooler oh so
excited man I hope you guys are having
the best day ever
I am on cloud nine right now it feels
really good to have that like taken care
of I'm not sure what else to do they ate
up a lot of my day I think we need to go
catch up with with country and explain
to you guys what happened to my forehead
it's it's a lot healed it's pretty much
healed now but I think you still need to
know why we need a dramatic recreation
well seriously let's tone it down for a
second I want to touch briefly on and
what happened this week
one of the biggest shootings in US
history happened in Vegas I just wanted
to be like sensitive to the subject for
one second and extend my deepest
sympathies to everyone affected by this
tragedy something that no one should
ever have to experience you go through
you really can't feel safe even at
somewhere where like you're supposed to
be having the time your life at a music
festival I just I have no other words to
describe it it's it's nothing but a
tragedy really makes you think you know
like at any moment your life could be
changed to be flipped upside down and
there's nothing you can do about it so
just take this moment guys and really
appreciate everything that you have like
no matter what any person you come
across out in public could be having the
worst day ever and your positive
influence could mean the difference
between
really turning them around or pushing
them over the edge if I could give you
one piece of advice today I want it to
be that you need to just spread love the
more that we can like support each other
and help each other out emotionally
mentally it just would change the world
if it means so much it probably doesn't
seem like you yourself could make that
big of an impact but it always starts
with one guys always starts with one
just lift them up instead of bringing
people down let's try and spread some
more love and not hate speaking of love
I'm here to get the little princess go
I'm so happy to see you oh you do it
again
all right go look there's just one more
point I want to make on the subject guys
and you see that right there
striving by itself these kids right here
are our future they're the ones who are
gonna take this planet over when our
lives are done and what we're teaching
them now are the values that they will
live with throughout their lives so do
we want to teach our children this hate
and violence or do we want to teach them
to love and be compassionate
I mean we've only got one life to live
guys so we need to make the most of it
and what we do these guys will pick up
on and carry throughout their lives as
well so make it count like you gotta
make a count we need to leave a positive
impact on this world and not what is
currently happening ha
do you see who's over here oh it's Nana
but who's over there is that country Oh
3 is the man country so country yeah I
expressed that I wanted to share exactly
what happened to top of my head uh can
you still even see it a little bit it's
healed a lot since this happened it has
it's such a terrible circumstance to
have yeah like the Wolverine healing
ability I know it's been quick actually
it was bad when it happened it really
was I wanted to show you guys what what
really had we're gonna like recreate it
it's hard to explain it's better to just
show you pretty much yeah it's just like
that country's trying to start his bike
and I'm like yo you got to choke on he's
like what what I wasn't wearing this hat
was wearing the other one that has like
a plastic strap and it's skin to me bro
I can't even see it now it's like my
dawned on you heal up fast I say oh my
gosh look at Roman Inc ain't over there
to doughnuts with the truck
nice of what happened what happened to
the daylight where to go is it right
there right there yo literally jumping
past a large chunk of the day right
after that clip there with the with the
awesome RC donuts in the in the dirt it
was pretty much a good hangs from that
point good hangs good combos important
combos we're just getting back home
let's see how Veronica likes the new AC
what do you think how's the temperature
it's actually chilly I can't believe
it's so late guys one thing led to
another and all of a sudden it's 8:52
p.m. I can't end this vlog like this we
have something right I had a really cool
idea I wanted to show you guys and has
to do with music so check this out
first we got to get these guys off to
school what is today did you just pick
your nose sir Carson's wearing that the
18 Matt and Colin he's going he's going
Daniel Boone dude where do you even get
a hat like that it's so crazy oh that's
right and just like that it is morning
good morning yes I okay I mean okay
change the plans it turns out I'm gonna
go meet up with the crew and bye crew I
mean country Veronica Brittany Roman to
go work out you're gonna be okay okay
echo keep really good care of you make
sure you take care of lies ahead go okay
I'm just joking mom what was here Marty
well
she's like yeah so it's like everybody's
decided to start doing this workout
thing and I'm not gonna make any
promises to be like you I'm gonna start
going to the gym and I'm gonna go to the
gym every day and I'm gonna work out I'm
just gonna bust my butt and make myself
like super superhuman Hulk status it's
probably not gonna happen but we did
stay up late last night watching the
movie baby driver which was actually
pretty good and I fell asleep on the
couch so I'm feeling a little stiff and
this might loosen me up a bit I don't
know why but some of the music that I
used in my videos make it to my my
actual music on my iPhone it's so
strange anyway we finished the workout
we're done and we're we're actually
coming to to eat some fish look there's
Veronica in the Jeep there's Veronica in
the Jeep right there honey how do you
feel sore but great watch every time she
takes a step she's gonna be like oh well
all the muscles are loose enough right
now like my legs it's so funny I wish I
could've showed you I literally peek in
the door where they're having their
class and they're all like doing them in
the zone the instructors like hey come
in and I'm like alright run up on stage
I'm like I'm like hey everybody that's
my wife we're gonna go have some
breakfast here at this first watch cafe
I I thank your country for your guidance
on the workout oh that was good
unless you did amazing job I'm so proud
of you thank you bro
I do feel a little bit swollen but like
I said no promises i I can't I can't
promise that I'm gonna start working out
but anything we're not gonna get to the
the guitar I want to show you something
really cool that I figured out well
we'll have to save that for the next
video for now we need to eat and I need
to get home and put this video up for
you guys to check it out and like and
subscribe and all that stuff so that my
friends were we're leaving for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right here
