so what did you think out what I did
today but first before I start I got to
say this office projects come a really
long way welcome to the vlog check this
out check this out as you can see behind
me there's a little bit of trim up been
busy today here's what I decided this is
this was my decision I decided since
this is already a really awkward
transition let's make it even more
awkward right so I got this corner this
l-shaped took the alwah this l-shaped
stuff but then I put it up there I was
like you know what what if we curved it
around I made it like a pointy and and
so I did that and it kind of looks
pretty cool
everything's trend all the way around
here maybe you guys can help me I'm
trying to make a decision put your
comments down below do we take this door
trim all the way to the floor right
we're doing stop that door trim there
like that I'm pretty sure I know what
you guys are gonna say but always
looking for feedback
anyways I got this weather stripping on
the garage so this is new stripping all
the way around it's down pretty tight
towards the bottom look at this where
did this
that's like lazy it's so lazy they could
have just trimmed that out so it would
have fell flat against the concrete but
no nobody's got time for that
we've got perfectly straight and nice
and tight new weather stripping up
against there so hopefully that makes
the garage door I got an order special
for the bottom the bottom seal I found
some stuff at Lowe's but it it wasn't
compatible so that's where I'm at
basically I had a buddy come over
yesterday and he looked at the carpet
situation and we made a decision he's
supposed to be getting back with me on
so I think what we're gonna do is we're
gonna put carpet in here I can't trim
this part of the this wall until the
carpet goes in because I don't know how
high up its gonna come and then I think
what I'm gonna do is once I get the
carpet in here you want to find a
matching paint and I'm going to paint
the block the same color as the carpet
again your comments or suggestions are
definitely appreciated let's just where
my head's at just so it doesn't look so
awkward I think taking the color of the
carpet up the wall where the block is
just might make it work so with that
being said I'm pretty much done out here
for today we've got some pumpkins to
carve look at this that I just found
this is this is Collins project why I
want to be an author what I want to make
comics and entertain people I want to
make books about every topic that's
awesome I like it I like that
Colin that's awesome yeah you could have
used a little more color but I'm just
nitpicking I think that's cool you
wanted you want to be an author you want
to write books huh okay so are you guys
trying to carve pumpkins today or what
you don't know what do you want to make
your clump Ian it's almost Halloween we
got a car pumpkins dude I know what I'm
gonna do for my pumpkin you wanna hear
the gladiator symbol maybe maybe I do
this is this is what our kids are are
accustomed to these days he's literally
google searching pumpkin faces to decide
what he wants that's something I'm just
gonna do like a skull candy skull candy
yeah really you want to sculpt him
this is someone I walk a taco
how are we gonna do that you can't come
back into a pumpkin he wants a taco oh
no I am very carefully doing the pushpin
method so I'm creating little dots that
are my stencil but Eliza is probably oh
goodness
I'm pretty sure that this thing is you
have to know I can't look at Veronica
right now ronica is doing the primitive
method pulling the top of the pumpkin
out but I have an idea I have an
innovation as you guys know we have a
dremel tool and I saw the the the dremel
company has a model that's made
specifically for carving pumpkins so I
know it's possible whoa
it's not a straight cut I'll give you
that
but sure his cousin yeah see how this
turned out
it's gonna explode it works
okay now but the tops off we got this
big evil alien looking inside to take
out you want me to clean it all out for
you yeah
I'll scrape the side so you can pull the
rest of it okay let's see oh there's
still a lot in there yeah what do you
got there looks good looks like we're
gonna be mommy and Carson
I'm just gonna like slide it over
careful
go get it Eliza yeah an unprecedented
event is taking place right now the boys
aren't carving their own pumpkins I'll
let you do yours do it's yours own it I
think I should stick to my original plan
and that was to try and carve this
pumpkin it's solely with I know I can do
it too confident that's gonna turn out
how I wanna do
I'm committed
I think we're there ready I think it
looks pretty good
what do you think and looks just like it
totally totally doesn't work carving
pumpkins all right Carson hit the Lights
everyone check out our that's awesome so
the one on the left here is Carson's and
that scary pumpkin is eating a smaller
pumpkin right the one in the middle is
the one that I tried to use with the
dremel tool that totally didn't turn out
so we salvaged it by creating what looks
to be a spider and the one on the far
right here is Collins pommel and I made
four eyes eyeballing these mouths ready
to chop them down and what is on the
table there is it's pumpkin peaches
disappointing so there's our pumpkins
everyone what are you doing huh I'm
helping mom go through these rooms to
get him ready for the grandkids well
look the kids just brought me one of
these who remembers these things when
you're a kid I don't think I officially
had one but my sister did cutting-edge
stuff when I did Eliza
the freaking fire me did you ever teach
your every soul consciousness
really
Britany if you ever want to see your
Furby again
this is official ransom letter what this
is Veronica's box from the top let me
see that look at this I love my you're
cheating on me yeah give it to Liza's
she can love Mike
it's full of seashells oh my gosh
so it's not so this has been a lifelong
issue of yours we came the carved we
conquered the day is done the kids
definitely your bed now we don't usually
keep Eliza specially Eliza this late but
call anyone say goodnight and Liza Liza
you wanna say goodnight tell everyone
good night this is yes and we actually
got to sleep in a little bit fantastic
we are getting the boys ready look
Carson's back in his costume
Colin's getting his on my brothers wipes
family's having like a Halloween party
today and it's early they're having it
at 11
I guess not technically but parade
I got a hostile and not prior to the end
of the video last night-
but no worries we're gonna get this done
where everything's gonna be great I hope
you guys are having a fantastic
Halloween weekend be safe out there as
always just make sure you have lots of
fun lots and lots of apart
alright guys that's where we'll leave
before today thanks so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right now
