okay guys we're pretty excited because
today today we're going for trading whoa
are you guys ready for trick-or-treat
where's your costume are you gonna be
just dude with the Superman t-shirt
what's your costume where's it at okay
so I hope you guys are having a
fantastic day we're gonna do something
super fun today that I as a kid loved
doing one every year Halloween was like
my most favorite thing to do because I
love being scared are we gonna do
trick-or-treating all today's possible
is that even necessary dude listen this
kids will make a little
trick-or-treating it's not like it used
to be I'm telling you what like my
parents buy Snickers bars and the good
stuff the chocolate right yes kids hate
going to a house in the Han did you like
Pekka
I mean Smarties are good but there's
this overly excessive use of like cheap
candies when I was younger with the
butterscotch disks I mean those are good
too but you know like who eats those
little like brown paper wrapped like
peanut butter we have to eat some pizza
some delicious pizza and would you let
me sit it up the traffic starting to
slow down
I see people walking are you ready you
don't even have your costume on
trick-or-treat starts two minutes two
minutes dude let's go all right so
Carson guys is about to be the zombie
hunter and Colin is about to be the
cylinder man where's yours Liza you want
to show him what you're gonna be a
Minnie Mouse cheerleader Oh does that
make you excited all right all right all
right everyone check out the kids in
their Halloween costumes ready
whoa it's Minnie Mouse cheerleader the
zombie hunter and slender oh you guys
look awesome who's ready to
trick-or-treat let's go wait Collin
you're not ready
oh is this your mouth tell me how many
zombies have you had dispatch this fine
evening like a million a million already
did you do it all with that hand right
there okay Bobby made a pretty big like
parenting mistake for a trick-or-treat
night like this we did not bring a we
didn't bring a stroller so Eliza's being
carried off and on I'll take over
whenever you're ready candy she likes
the sucker goodness
are you thank you I smell the the leaves
in the hair the cold temperatures the
colors the fact that we made pumpkin
pies fresh yesterday like the whole
feeling of the holidays is definitely
it's it's becoming real and like that's
such the best time of year I mean
family's important all year round but
just think about it for a second now the
holidays is like a special time of
togetherness time you spend with your
families and it's starting to definitely
feel like the holiday did partying I
knew this without realizing falling back
to the house
Skol okay
have fun we'll be back soon it's not
that cold
you're not cold yes be careful there's
just you and me bud how's your candy
situation let's see it you're gonna give
me half of that right for a while with
you no serious I need candy bud wait
what I can only get five pieces deal
deal buddy okay go over there and say
Trick or Treat smell my feet give me
something good to eat okay good a double
dog dare except a dog day
are you excited to open up every single
piece candy and eat it well that's right
and on that note guys kids parents you
got to be very careful when you're doing
trick-or-treat no matter how safe you
think your community is there's always a
few select people out there you know
what I'm talking about
check your candy for the kids make sure
everything's safe you don't want to mean
the last thing you want to see is a kid
bite into a piece of candy and there's
something that shouldn't be in there and
it's uh it's about full-on darkness and
we're still out here Carson the streets
are empty should we be scared should we
be scared
it's Halloween especially Sean we didn't
get our candy come back here don't you
walk away from me what are you laughing
at give me that chair what are you doing
I'll carry that for you were you sitting
out here giving out candy for you're too
old for trick or treat we'll take that
mask off so we can see how pretty you
are
I'm kidding wait you like it a holy oath
all done with that trick or treat now
mom I'm sorry you gotta be stuck on the
couch where you got why you can always
think it goes right by there oh good
call so the baby doesn't get him good
call this story time happen here nice I
just made me a nice delicious
a cup of coffee it was so so cold out
there and it's always weird coming back
to like the place right I went to school
really seen so many people that you used
to know and there's always that moment
like when you when you come across
somebody recognize but you can't
remember their name there's always that
awkward like hey man how are you
you just default to like I forgot your
name but I'm too ashamed to tell you
that mum has fun buds see up and around
you're looking fantastic good job good
job good job it's full-on parent mode
here and the upstairs bathroom kids are
getting showers for school and the
ground is doing like the you guys gotta
brush your teeth mom thing it's really
fun the parenting continues with some
manual flossing that's right
manual flossing the type of floss your
parents do for you when you're too lazy
to do it yourself people been asking
about you
they wanna know you're alright you know
ever since angels showed up she likes to
chase fluffy and fluffy is super scared
now would be too I mean angels big dog
compared to the year poor thing you want
height up here it's hard out there man I
know get some sleep buddy
yeah hey good night did you have fun
today trick-or-treating
actually seeing out the window watch
watch out the window ha ha
you see that that's the good stuff right
there funny story for you guys as I'm
making coffee this morning I woke up no
coffee in the house anywhere and like
when that happens it's a big deal for me
because that's my routine every every
morning I wake up god I have coffee just
something about that warm deliciousness
a is yeah alright anyway I just had to
take the kids to school and got some
fresh coffee so we're good you know what
coffee have I been drinking check it out
this is the stuff to get right here I've
tried a bunch and this is just I think
the best black silk dark fully dark so
good that's how you know it's low you
have coffee emergency and you let your
wife come down and take the first cup
out of it she's going this feed horses
we're gonna have some coffee Liza's
munching on donuts which I acquired this
morning as well and it's time to smash
out some office work today
we were very productive today I know I
promised you guys a lot of pumpkin
carving this week that we haven't done
yet I know I know we will be doing it
today for sure spend time on it not just
yeah yeah exactly
plus I've come up with a pretty genius
way of paradin pumpkins that thing cut
pumpkins carve die and about hat the
funniest part of my morning is watching
Eliza eat a cup of applesauce she tries
to be careful but if you notice
there's applesauce there and there and
yeah and there and there's emphasis
there on her shirt you're doing good
though Liza you're doing really good
yeah
no mess is that all for daddy to clean
that's so so thoughtful
I preesh appreciate that so yeah it's
time to move forward with our day don't
forget it's Friday night and because
we're doing the pumpkin carving I'm
gonna push my livestream back to 8 p.m.
so when you guys get done having fun on
your Friday night
hop on 8 p.m. and come hang out with us
playing battlefield 1 it's super fun
time last time that game is awesome so
it'd be a true true honor if you would
join me for tonight's live stream link
is in the description so that is where
we will leave you for today I want to
say thank you guys so much for watching
we can't wait to see each and every one
of you right back here
tomorrow
