everyone today I am going to be showing
you how to make a homemade pumpkin pie
from scratch you're going to need a
small size pie pumpkin or sugar pumpkin
that they call it you can buy them at
the market or your local pumpkin patch
now's the time to get fresh pumpkins so
you get started making our pumpkin puree
you're going to cut your pumpkin Oh see
if we can just hey ma got it
you're gonna wanna spoon in a bowl you
want to scoop all of these insides all
the fibers and seeds out of your pumpkin
in pitch oh it's not what you want to
eat just like that now that you have it
all cleaned out we're gonna take it and
just place it face down on your baking
dish
making sheet you can do it in a dish pan
whatever you have available we're gonna
put them in the oven at 450 degrees for
45 to 50 minutes or until it's
fork-tender you can poke a fork through
it and it falls apart it's not firm and
most of you are probably saying you can
just go buy a canned pumpkin and use
that I guess it's not the same I
personally have never made a pumpkin pie
whether it's from a can or fresh
pumpkins so this is my first time doing
it ever this here you can just throw
away you can pick the seeds out and wash
them off and roast them or plant them
for your own pumpkin
I don't think I'm gonna save these I
might I just keep them in the side cook
dozen and comes out clean
Collins home he's like what do you guys
get bug get far we're cooking pumpkin
for pumpkin hi okay so now you're going
to want to get a big spoon you're gonna
want to allow your pumpkin to cool and
you can tell they're very very hot
they're steaming I'm gonna try to speed
up the cooling process by going ahead
and scooping it out and putting in a
bowl from the hot eye hand and put it in
the freezer well I don't want it too
frozen now we just have a big bowl full
of pumpkin okay now we're going to get
the pumpkin back out of the refrigerator
and get it pureed I don't really have a
blender to puree the pumpkin so I'm just
gonna use a mixer and get mixed up for a
while help ready yep
yeah I think it's pureed pretty well
mixed it really good he's not lumpy it's
nice and smooth we're gonna mix the
pumpkin maple syrup and vanilla all in
this bowl and then we're going to add
everything else to that mixture yes we
take our eggs you want to lightly beat
the eggs before you put them in with a
whisk you can do this oh yeah I'm put
the eggs in there hey job
okay now I'm dump the spices in there
hmm
go ahead and pour the cream in I think
this is gonna be a mess behind my hammer
that smells exactly like it just coming
up like before we bake it I can't
express how good this smells pour into
the pie shell and bake for 15 minutes
now I'm gonna attempt to carefully put
these in the oven without spilling them
all over the place ready yeah I'll open
me up there and now we're going to put
the timer for 15 minutes once 15 minutes
is up we're going to turn the oven down
to 350 and bake it for 90 minutes and
then I'm cool on why red yeah that's an
hour and a half yeah
there's our pies and I guess one way to
test already did with that one but let's
check the other one you just take a
clean fork or knife for stick it in the
middle and I guess if it comes out clean
it's done now we have to let them cool
we'll make some of the whipping cream
cool web stuff and taste tested Colin
you don't get the whole pie honey you
can't buy that store yeah
why's that what do you think yeah so
there ya guys homemade pumpkin pie using
the actual pumpkin not the canned
garbage that you buy in the store there
we'll leave a link in the description
below with the recipe that I use if you
guys want to try it out and also let me
know in the comments of any other
awesome things that are good to bake so
thanks for watching guys and I'll see
you back here next time bye hi
you
