guys help to the plug I got this red
lever today
so basically there's these little like
metal straps I don't know exactly why
they're on there but all along this part
of the wall every so often there's these
straps and that's gonna mess with our
trim so I had to cut them off using the
old trusty dremel tool this thing's
awesome man
so yeah I'm getting the walls ready for
trim I'm still not sure yet exactly how
to do this part but my idea is to take
like a cut out so like a square stock
that has I think you call it a miner out
of it so it looks like an L so we'll
take that L out and down so it covers
this wood and then the regular trim from
there up obviously this is what that
will look like when the trim is done I
don't have it nailed in yeah I was just
like kind of calculating my my linear
footage so I knew how much to get got
some garage door seals and stuff to make
sure that sealed as you can see there at
the bottom there's some light coming in
which means air can come in too one of
the things I'm in a rush
Andale is over here where my desk will
be I have plenty of power but I want a
wired Ethernet connection so I just set
a box there and my buddy Kyle left me a
giant box of this cat5e Ethernet cable
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna run a
cable through the top here straight down
so that I have the ability to wire a
connection now I think eventually I'm
going to try and one this run this wire
from the house from the modem in the
house I know there's a ton of different
options available like using your
existing wiring I forget what it's
called but it it uses your existing
wiring to carry your internet signal
from one point to another one outlet to
another however that only works on if if
that if those circuits are in the same
fuse panel if if you follow me out here
is a different fuse box than in there so
that solution won't work or I can run
the line from the house to here that
goes into a wireless router into a
switch that I can then pipe over to here
so I have a wired connection so all that
technical stuff aside basically all I
have to do is drill a hole and drop some
wire down here so I can wire a female
connector to this and then worry about
the connections up there later based on
the diagram I've got all the wires in to
where they need to be on this side and
all we got to do is put it on this
little plate right here and screw it in
and there's our cat5 cable hey guys
not Colin and Carson with me and we have
Collins drum practice tonight switching
things up last week he started playing
to music which I showed you guys this
week there's an event going on
downstairs we didn't really know about
but that's okay upstairs there
is electric drums so we'll see how he
does on those who is that Matt it's Matt
I guess I'm struggling with his being
tired so getting him to just build those
muscles
repetitive drumming
okay guys drum practice is over and we
have found ourselves back at spirit how
we personalize I have to get costumes in
this place is packed and wise the
pictures she actually picked it and what
are you Minnie Mouse close enough -
Minnie Mouse they didn't have anyone
else in her size so it's a Minnie Mouse
cheerleader
Carson did you pick something person
wants to be something scary pick his
zombie he's not gonna be a zombie zoo
zombie hunter zombie Jackie killer X
everything but the gun right cheap
t-shirt at bullet blood Oh the SEMRush
okay what do you want our place then in
cakes into the store yes a fascinator
and I wait to the last minute to do
everything so that's just me taking the
kids home we're gonna go home and have
leftover lasagna for dinner
so sounds yummy it was very delicious
last night and then we're just gonna
relax until it's bedtime
who does she remind you of right now who
does she remind you everybody anybody
Lisey you look like what's-her-name from
from Despicable Me the girl from
Despicable Me that's what she look like
cutie
she still likes it we're coming at you
post dinner post leftover dinner as
Veronica said earlier I've been out in
the shop office working and I've got
some stuff done and today is mostly shot
day office day we were gonna carve
pumpkins but we don't have time now
because it takes a lot of a lot of time
and as Tuesday's come along that's
Colin's drum practice day so I know if
you're expecting pumpkins I'm sorry
we'll carve them tomorrow are you
also I want to mention something to you
guys and that is over the past I don't
know since I've been working on the
office I caught a comment a couple days
ago or someone was saying that I didn't
I don't have the passion in me anymore I
don't care because the vlogs are going
up late and they're boring but not to
address that particular comment but it's
been on my mind like of course yeah I've
been uploading videos later because I'm
literally slammed during the day I get
the kids off to the to school tick Eliza
to the sitter and I work and I work on
the office and I get stuff done and like
today I I
edited the vlog I was on time I added it
to vlog by one o'clock and then
I left it that export and it takes about
30-40 minutes export Li and I went out
and got busy in the shop and time just
got away from me and I was just moving
along and here we were it didn't go up
till probably eight something ain't
something yesterday so just please be
patient I know things have been kind of
crazy and weird ever since we started
the office but once the office is done
that big project is off our less than we
can start focusing on making cool stuff
for you for me because after all these
videos are something for us to look back
on to so trust me I'm with you
sweet dreams well sure do hope you have
sweet dreams you want some candy yeah
I'm just kidding boy two front teeth are
gone bro you shouldn't literally say
Santa all I want for Christmas is my two
front teeth we're in the middle of a
heated debate and discussion think think
we're trying to figure out how to handle
that the other day I was in a doctor's
office with my grandpa and I saw like it
inspired me that doctor's office
flooring it's concrete but they had
carpet on it and it was just like a thin
carpet I thought that was a good idea
that'd be something that could work in
here and I would get rid of some of the
echo but in order to put carpet here
much like on a wall like a drywall you
have like you can put your trim against
it I think I showed you earlier the trim
up against that you can't as far as I
know you can't trim concrete like a
concrete corner so we were thinking
about like framing out like a little
four inch shelf that goes out and down
so that gives me my wood to attach a the
trim to so the carpet will go to the
wood and then the trim would go above it
or if we weren't doing carpet I thought
we would take like an l-shaped just come
out from the wall down and then the
regular trim would go sit on top of that
or another cool idea would be like
skateboard coping so it's like pipe that
comes out and around like just kind of
bites onto that all the way down that
might look kind of cool
I don't know it's like that's the
hardest part right now it's making the
decision like what's gonna look best
how's it gonna
what's the best move what was your best
move yeah
help us out give me some ideas and some
suggestions this is getting closed today
I did the well you saw me do the cat5
thing and then I just finished casing
out this door check that out
huh door saw like trimmed in and the
size of the garage door I had a piece of
this molding this ceiling molding stuff
I don't know if I like that no no I felt
like it well we got some trim up here we
got trim oh we do
I'm gonna have to shave this because
after I hung this and hung that stuff I
decided what would be the possibility is
this trim that comes all the way around
salt cut that off there I don't know
guys it's looking good looking pretty
cool oh it's official - we got a friggin
fire alarm and a carbon monoxide
detector - it's awesome so yeah we had
we had some time with the kids after
dinner and we're going
since bed we came out here first time
Veronica key to help me in the office
this room is floor perfect
why am i scrubbing the floor look you
miss the spot
I didn't scrub that
food mm-hmm that's right guys we worked
late into the evening last night trying
to get some stuff done on the garage and
we found ourselves here in the morning
the kids are off to school
Veronica and Liza are taking a little
nap on the couch today I'm on a mission
to upload the vlog at a decent time so
you guys don't have to wait till 8:00
p.m. or whatever time it is you've been
watching the videos and I suppose that's
where we'll leave it for today I do want
to say tonight guys we are doing a live
stream it is Wednesday and every
Wednesday we do live streams on Twitch
it's twitch TV for slash Gilroy gaming
and we will be streaming tonight the
very new and very exciting battlefield 1
so make sure you join us the link is in
the description and yeah I suppose my
friends that is all we have for you
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
