I leave Zack in charge of Eliza for one
minute he's doing ramp Zack she's not
old enough for that come on dude are you
having fun Liza is it fun say oh yeah
see Zack you're scaring her kidding
everyone's out here having a ball I was
actually on this thing already but the
kids honestly do better than I do
Cameron's over here killing it cam let's
see what you got
they're showing us the oppa co6 look at
the inside of this bad boy
trying to find the truck or the hood pop
we're gonna take a look at this engine
where is our fuck baby here is that the
fuel door what is that sir it looks like
a ride or release it's never seen this
before you get to see the fusion reactor
right here a fusion reactor back to 1984
the holy grail of motors right here
ready I'm ready
look at that there's a lot of horses in
there
600 for 650 horses would demolish this
car if you think just so I for that know
fuck you
Keynes back here riding the
four-wheelers dad go hey great gift dad
lies are you trying to go her and jump a
girl you won't go Jared jumpy jump she's
been carrying this little baby with her
that is so cute Liza oh we got to take
your boots off so there's a giant bounce
house here there's a giant bounce house
slide over there and then
- really cool inflatable games that got
that out down the thing that's fan
right here's like a hungry hungry hippo
so cool so
my name is Zack Davis and this is the
insane oh my god blade will slide
challenge here we go
hahaha
Oh damnit on him Oh the phony down
Oh amber my lord
hammers back there you came and see but
she just keeps getting busted oh so now
that the girls have had a shot oh I
don't want em to see how well the guys
do
pick up
Oh
so the belts are attached to like a
bungee cord and the bungee cords
attached to the wall so you can only go
so far without getting pulled backwards
and the goal is to grab the balls out of
the middle and put them in your bag and
the person with the most balls at the
end win
oh look at that she's taking a whole
handful
oh my god
hahaha
Oh brendi wins what is a look at your
feet
oh my little monster
well you can't hold a baby oh my lord
Bibi here look that's all she wanted was
old a baby good dude I might have to
actually try this out I've been wanting
to see this it's so really cool I'm
gonna try this and then try Dale's
because Dale's seems to be like they was
saying that do you save Iver v55 so the
vibe is infinitely better than this
what's your thoughts I feel like the
vibe is the adult version of this yeah
yeah I think it still looks really cool
though both have their things though
like there's some things about the Sony
I'm like it's better but then there's
things about the vibe that I think it's
better oh they're all wired now it's
just they just have them charged okay
okay that crap guys Collin likes to play
job simulator what are you doing this
game Collin
tell me what do you do that's it they
just take stuff and put it somewhere
else the kids love this game wow I can
see him getting like that's so cool for
everyone say by the I words by I was
talking about what will you your legs
are ready for network it's like 7:30 at
night and we've officially spent the
entire day over here did you guys have
fun yeah did you um I respond it was a
lot that's almost like going to like a
unofficial you know like an amusement
park bounce house type deal it was fun
but we have to get home because I've
been talking about it all week The
Walking Dead comes on tonight I'm pretty
I'm pretty nervous like very nervous
who's it gonna be I'm gonna it's gonna
be hard not to give out any spoilers
well
tonight we're trying to get the bed bed
the kids to bed quickly so that we can
watch the walking down it comes on in
under 20 minutes now I don't want to
spoil anything for you guys watching
haven't had the opportunity to see it
yet which by now I'm sure you have or I
haven't or you're about to but uh I am
going to set up the camera and show you
our reaction because this is like a
pivotal moment and my favorite
television series my favorite comic book
series The Walking Dead tonight is about
to change it completely changed
everything so here's our reaction I
called this so did I
so back to it no so we just finished the
episode of The Walking Dead and it is
been a torturous 60 minutes you take we
I don't want to spoil it for the vlog
you guys can definitely check it out on
MC I think you can there's a MC on
demand or something but when you see
this episode in you're a fan of the show
hmmm we actually just finished a you
know live stream and we talked about it
with you guys
those of you who actually were watching
live and we're okay with spoiler stuff
that was intense that that was something
I need
I need like a I need coffee and cuteness
oh you're too cute and those shoes a lot
ah those shoes are hot I like it so
you're out of here
Bronk is getting ready to go meet her
friend Jennifer for lunch um I have some
things to take care of
I go to grocery store after though I
like that shirt mmm it's good
that's a good shirt I like that shirt
Lizzie you be your girlfriend mommy Kay
high five oh yeah
all right so it's money this week my
goal is to finish this office I don't
know if we can achieve it but I sure as
heck I'm going to try we still have to
clean the floors trim the door doors
we've got to trim the accent wall and
the windows and every part out here that
have this ugly brick to the board to
drywall look now I asked you guys in
yesterday's video if you wanted to
continue to see the progress as we keep
moving forward or if you wanted to stop
seeing the illness and see a master
available we're all finished and the
tribe has spoken
you want to continue to see the progress
and I'll try and show as little of it as
I can while still keeping you updated on
what's happening so clearly we have a
lot of work to do today and this week I
hope I'm motivating you guys to do the
same figure out a goal decide what you
need to accomplish and make that your
target for the week and let's see if by
the end of the week not only i but you
can achieve the goals that you want to
achieve and so my friends that is where
i believe you forward today
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
