what up guys welcome to today today is
Saturday pretty stoked because tomorrow
like the biggest D fan of my fall season
The Walking Dead returns baa I'm very
bummed about that feel really good today
I hope you guys are feeling the same I
just left my grandpa's house we cut the
lumber that we need to finish the wood
accent well I picked up some trim to try
and get a feel for what the doors gonna
look like today Veronica is about to
take off and go shopping with Brittany
and a couple other girls and I think
it's just gonna be me and the kids what
are you what is that is I've never seen
booth these are your boots they look
like you're too big for those are they
look like Laura Croft you about to go
raid some tunes I don't know honey
you're looking pretty fresh right now no
you look fantastic
you look spectacular
I love you oh we have fun soap in the
dishwasher and start it yeah I'll do
that right now
oh you did that alaya is in bed the boys
are inside plans to some big G games and
I'm China I'm trying to figure something
out so check me out to case the door we
have a couple options I can take a
straight up one by four right and you
see how it has this overhang here I
could then take the trim and put it
right up to this
however the trim would come out from the
edge like a little bit like this far or
I could trim these boards that go on the
inside of the door flush with the wall
that way the trim would sit flat all the
way out these are the troubles that face
me every single time
making decisions to make the
best-looking space possible and I will
say this last night we had a very
positive think tank session right and I
figured out the entire layout of this
room so check this out but we'll have
the TV on the wall my desk will occupy
that corner we're gonna have a couch in
the center here with a little coffee
table right so when we want to preview
videos we can sit here and watch them
and then over here in between directly
splitting from this corner of the window
to that corner of the window down below
that socket we're gonna have like a bar
right with the same pipe that I'm gonna
use for the legs of my desk we're gonna
have a bar there like a workstation with
stools and the same pipe will come down
to meet the floor to support that bar
and then over here we're gonna have a
fire extinguisher and this is going to
be the charging station so make like a
shelf here GoPro batteries and the gh4
batteries and the drone batteries and
the ronin batteries all the batteries we
need to charge will have their own place
to charge and then somewhere over there
we'll have some shelving I don't know I
don't want to kind of clutter that wall
because as you know I have some plans
for that wall so I think that's a pretty
solid layout I think I've made a floor
but talking about it is one thing I kind
of want to make like I kind of don't
want to show you guys any more progress
because I want to make like a master
reveal so you've seen us put up all the
walls and you've seen the color and you
seen the fan and the lights and all that
stuff but the actual layout I almost
want it to be a surprise so tell me in
the comments okay before we go too much
farther do you want to see a master
reveal of this face finished from this
point to finish or would you like to
still see the progress of what we're
doing out here okay so I went to go cut
that wood I actually had to leave in a
hurry because Jay showed up he was like
we gotta go we gotta hurry and go cuz I
got stuff to do so I was like okay
forgot my camera do apologize but I came
back to check the mail and we got a new
loot crate so I figure why don't we hope
you guys want to check out the loot
crate see what's in there it's okay I
got it yeah flash she's been bringing
back animals rodents etc into the
kitties okay boys so it is October which
means it's Halloween month right yeah so
I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and guess
that there's something Halloween or
something I don't know let's see aha oh
yeah
here we go first first look at
Oktoberfest
oh okay who's this one at a time one
thing at a time let's see who is that
that's the Texas Chainsaw Massacre good
oh you ever seen that movie sure you
ever seen that movie no okay what do we
have next what's this
oh I am actually pretty excited for this
holy crap it is negan Oh new favorite
shirt negan Sluggers now look guys this
walking dead right and the new seasonal
walking dead the arch-villain median
shows up with his bat named Lucille
I think it's Lucille correct me if I'm
wrong or you guys well I'll check that
out my new favorite shirt where'd it
tomorrow Camp Crystal Lake do you know
what Crystal Lake is boys Crystal Lake
is Jason Voorhees don't touch next in
there we've got the Legion of
regrettable supervillains that's kind of
cool nice little book here mm it's
Michael Myers shhh these are chopsticks
what Nightmare on Elm Street Freddy
glove chopsticks that is so cool and
then of course the loot crate magazine
and this check this out Luke Rey always
gets crazy cool ideas with their boxes
so this is a cutout right we can push
out this zombie head and they included
this little stretchy thing to put the
zombie face on who wants to wear it oh
my gosh
Collin call mommy there's a zombie in
the house great always always knows how
to make it fun you guys definitely check
out the link in the description today's
video isn't technically sponsored by
loot crate but I am a loot crate
affiliate so you guys are helping me out
every time you order loot crate so
definitely go check it out
only gives a good description crazy when
I heard our ruckus I think I woke her up
first thing she said was is that echo oh
no zombie baby zombie Liza
Veronica is still
out with her sister and her stepmom I'm
not sure what we can get into that I
want it so bad this weekend to go do
some Hong attractions maybe one of those
with me this year was I don't know
remember when we went to the haunted
guard yeah you want Apple we went to the
haunted farm last year the kids
literally lost our mind literally who's
ready for the walking dead oh sorry
too scary too scary
should we sing and dance and that would
be less scary I caught her in the act
hahaha I'm just sitting here Justin come
here something drunk comes up the 3rd
the pork the smoky bombs all the things
Veronica brought home what I'm most
excited she brought me is this mm-hmm
2k16 don't ya a little bit too k6eid
okay yeah okay oh good catch you totally
need to hurry up and get dressed you
gotta go
is it I am going home I'm the litter I
am gonna go ahead and leave with kids
and go and you can meet us
really you see what I edit and
everything don't choke now
when I get back yeah well head and when
we get back we have a birthday party to
go to
she just wants daddy I had to give the
boys haircuts today this morning before
we went anywhere I showered them and
tried to dry it and it was just not
enough s there's so long past their ears
and down their neck look Shekar santosh
your haircut who hair model oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah I pretty much just trimmed
up around their ears and around their
back left all the rest long does it feel
better Khan yeah no it's not around your
ears no more it looks a thousand times
better and their eyes complainin I don't
want my ears sure so that's all I did
was trim up around their ears and around
their neck and like blended it all in
for just watching YouTube videos I hear
pretty good what are you doing Madison
you got all this fun bounce house type
stuff here and you're sitting here on
your phone come on girl
so so we're here we made it there's an
epic party about to happen but that is
where we're gonna leave you for today
we're gonna help get everything set up
and it's gonna be a pretty epic party
I'm sure so that my friends is where we
will leave it for today thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
