hey guys we're here with ginger coming
around Graham she's over there
all the kiddos and this guy yeah write
him back to help with his mama
she seems to be doing ok her back hurt
she says but she gone up and showered
today you gonna do dressing change what
are you gonna do that you undo it
no no it's just a little while grandma
is making bad noises while she's putting
the band-aids on it
oh yeah I'll do that that wasn't
supposed to fix all the band-aids on
straight hopefully as long as it's
covered so we're doing dressing change
and I'm just warning guys now show her
low incision it doesn't look bad it
doesn't look infected but it looks
pretty good and it's just it doesn't
look too bad there's a hole in her back
why is this playing peekaboo
Grammy we're having a junk food sesh up
here look at this we got popcorn
we got a gigantic bag of gummy bears
caribou
that's the best bag right there
see that home enjoy favorite Canyon bar
ever what's your favorite oh what'd you
call it is good and you know it's a
close second york peppermint pattie
mm-hmm that's right I'm back from the
doctor's run took grandpa to the what
are you called a doctor I don't know
ophthalmologist yeah what an awesome guy
that I got was so cool one time I took
the doctors took grandpa to the doctor
and the doctor was just a total boob and
I've taken him twice now twice since
then and the doctors were really cool so
I guess out of a bunch of doctors you
only get one that's just like I won't
say his name but use the urologist good
good glad I'm glad bye bye doctor
Oh careful that's your boy back when I
used to play some baseball
looking real special still well that was
it that was the only sport I ever played
no more sport pictures it's so weird
when I come up here Tim I come up here
and see all these old photos oh that's
me man I'm Bugle Boy what about that
Christmas sweater doll oh that Christmas
sweater doll that's like cars aren't
there two front teeth yeah and then I
was like I love the Simpsons that's
still chase Gilroy and then I was I hey
check out my short hair that was pretty
much the longest my hairs ever been
right there the bowl cut look at it so
fancy
all right we're getting really
Veronica's got to stop at the store and
get stuff to make spaghetti for dinner
and I have to take the kids to the store
while I'm live yes mom
I'll be back soon okay goodbye - Cameron
Oh are we homeless look there's our
puppies angel and echo did you miss out
saying oh yeah I know no no no stay down
good girl let's got my man to ride pet
you all right honey show him how you
make that bomb spaghetti no forgetting
is pretty easy you start out by browning
your hamburger I usually add salt pepper
garlic salt and like the little mints
dried onions just her some flavoring and
then you know to get a pan boiling for
your pasta noodles also you want to get
your oven preheated before the garlic
press
I use angel hair pasta it's just what we
prefer um regular spaghetti pasta is
okay but tastes like stew angel hair
it's a much thinner spaghetti noodle all
right ran in the oven chase also does
not care for the pasta sauce that I pick
so we always took separate pasta sauces
he likes this I don't even know how to
pronounce it but I got him his separate
pasta sauce so what I usually do is take
some of the already browned brown beef
and throw it in a separate pot over here
Jason's gonna have some bad news
these are this pasta sauce is like a
local product and it was really really
hard getting the cap off I actually
defeat it with like a knife to loosen it
and after I open it and pour it in the
pan I'm
see I don't know if you guys didn't see
this but there has already been a break
in the seal in there is like it's mold
around the top and in the cap listen
because that is not cheap pasta sauce
there it is
serve it up boys it's time to Washington
December dinner what's it calling us
alone is up with Parmesan cheese like a
hundred times right beauty girl say
yummy okay
no no dodge it dude simple one to Jesus
stop life screaming you sit down finish
eating or she did get something on the
camera there's a upstairs still
live-streaming
Corbin legit I'm trying to huh I was
trying to stream infinite work here
tonight but don't download it I know it
says actor that's a light and everything
well dinner is done Sean Connery and I
have bad news about your pasta sauce I
opened it what happened I opened it it
was really hard to get open and for one
and then and when I opened it there's
like mold around the seal and around the
cap so and I didn't see it until after I
had poured it in the thing with the
hamburger
so it's ragu for you tonight hate that
water down slop I'm sorry
wow that's just one of their good stuff
I'm sorry I tried I think maybe we
should contact the company and yeah be
like hey listen
i sat down for spaghetti cuz that's my
jam and all the sudden you put all that
mold in here nobody got time for this
everybody got time for that I'd like to
welcome you guys to my closet
one of the most harsh and unforgiving
environments in my entire house I'm a
little shame to bring you to this place
because well it holds the deepest
darkest secrets of our lives the closet
don't you laugh what are you laughing at
hate it it's Friday night and a word
lame I can't put it any other way
we're freakin lame I'm sitting up here
drinking Jack and Coke out of a mason
jar kids adult-only and our our big
event for this evening is sorting
laundry that we have neglected to get
rid of for the past five six years years
year years - max when did we get this
discussion that was yours that you had
when I met you so you have had that for
at least 10 years well I don't want it
no more we're gonna donate this we're
donating donate it's a donator you see
guys I find this very important no
matter how much you love your stuff okay
you just accumulate and it's very
important to purge those things like
like for instance this mini DV right I
don't even know what's on this there
there could be something real good on
there but
no oh you want to save it desperate
desperation does that work it's not so
bad is just my things but it's me and my
children and my husband don't you dare
say me because I'm hella conservative
with all my garments oh yeah
like that scarf they've had for 10 years
that I ain't seen you wear once that's
different
um what about the stuff in your drawers
ones lost I mean more any of that prove
it
look at that all sorted look at this oh
sorry oh you have no idea how long I've
wanted to tackle that little mess there
is that we've seen our room what do you
think well I was coming here with this -
OH force you guys to clean him but it
looks I'm glad we didn't have to go that
route good that looks really good okay
y5 we cleaned our room Veronica did a
great job yeah Veronica did everything I
did nothing it wasn't me
time for more work everyone say mourning
the Venus so we stayed up late and we we
got some cleaning done which was
definitely much needed but now we've had
some coffee
and it's time to do some more work look
we got three bags of donated clothes
right there
see that's awesome we're gonna take it's
a goodwill probably and donate the
clothes that we don't you know we've
grown out of we don't where we don't use
anymore instead of just throwing them
away I'm sure that someone out there
would love those clothes they're good
clothes
you know choosing your lumber is one of
the most important things when you're
working on finishing a lip making sure
your boards where as three and three of
those as possible that's what you want
forty-eight I don't know if you can read
that it says 48 degrees 48 it's starting
to get so cold outside which makes me
very happy
that I put a rush order on giving the
that pellet stove installed and I ran it
all night last night so warm and so I've
got the wood I need to finish the accent
wall and to trim out the doors I think
I'm going to use that trim I don't know
I got some of it to dry and just like
place up there and see what it looks
like
and I think we're gonna finish the
accent wall today I need to clean the
floor before I can do the floor trim so
yeah basically I it's it's that final
push to finish the office so in the shop
with my grandpa we're gonna rip all the
boards that I would need to finish the
accent wall today and start moving
towards the shrimp and the floor and
then it's time for us to actually build
a guess
things in I mean the office is almost
done thumbs up for progress thumbs up
for finishing this project strong that
my friends is where I'll leave before
today thanks so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
