that's gonna be it
do you see what I was doing you put
these on wall right this is a close
matching color wood to my desk and
that's what this wall is gonna look like
hold then check it out hold it up on the
wall you got to put it up on the wall
right and then you stagger it so that
like there's all these ramp not not
overly done but you know some
randomization happening okay you feel
that this is gonna be pretty cool yeah
how's your day hmm and how was yours
okay so we got Dallas on salt cutting
all the wood I'm throwing him
measurements we're gonna do three boards
per row so three cuts per row so we've
got for each row there's two joints to
stagger I mean we'll do two staggered
joints and then one and then two and
then one and we'll just alternate create
this cool wooden pattern that goes all
the way up the wall
food break Zack bought us junior bacon
cheeseburgers
I love junior bacon cheeseburgers
Veronica just called me we have
parent-teacher conferences tonight for
Colin I'm actually pretty excited to go
to this one because Owens maturing let's
just say that so we're gonna go see
what's happening with Colin in school
you see all these different colors out
there Paul
is beautiful but it also means
we're late I feel like we shouldn't be
filming here but this is cool this is my
son's locker lot yeah I can't believe
this we have you looking pretty evil
right now actually the lighting in that
and the wind and your hair and all that
all right we gotta split up yep you're
gonna go to the horse barn I'm gonna
take the kids home prepare them for bed
it sucks that it's already dark it's
super dark I can't show anything else
because we're at school all right you
take everyone to the barn because I
think you guys miss that right I think
you should go check on ninja okay I see
you soon
all right guys as you can see I am back
home didn't end up going to the barn
because I called my mom and her and
amber already had the horse stalls clean
and it's feeding time so I didn't want
to go bother ninja while he was eating
and all that look at my babies all
snuggling Liza
do you love your Burt brother do you
love your brother oh I just can't get
enough of those cute little snuggles and
they're actually loving each other and
are getting along they get along for
most the part I think the boys
understand Eliza's a lot younger it
doesn't know any different so they're
very accepting of her what are you doing
in there Eliza are you playing in the
box are you rocking
welke rockin angel popping the actual
puppy always has a borrowing around okay
I've just finished folding these towels
and Veronica showed me the video clip of
Colin earlier at drum practice Colin we
made a deal right
we made a deal that if you learn five
beats beats grooves whatever what was
the deal
yeah
a little bit timing but this is the
first time we played the music ya know
it helps roll faster more beats per
minute he's getting it dude okay so are
you confident enough that you want to
continue keep playing drums and all that
yeah are you sure yeah
look me in the eye and tell me I'm sure
if I want to play drums play Jones
okay okay
so when we need for you guys anymore
drummers out there recommendations on
drum kits we may or may not get one but
we'll just look at them we probably
won't get one of them you promised what
do you think Liza
should we get calling a drum set should
we get going
dance fancy Liza
no madam I know my good enough and the
handwork it's unstoppable
chase was just getting Lovins from the
nobbies look at Liza angel bro you're
right off and she well til angel
put the kids to bed
and filming out here for a few minutes
only made perfect sense it's starting to
look pretty cool
oh it's a foggy
it's a foggy morning with the coffee
look at the fog it's so foggy
Oh fog that's a little better
sometime that's a good example of
sometimes transitions don't really
work out like you want him to but hey
that's all right so listen we're getting
ready to kick start our day hey if I
take in this little beauty to the
babysitter and be well I got nothing i
got nothing for me Dallas was here he
came early this morning look at you mr.
sleepyhead
yep he literally passed out in my chair
for a while but he's gonna help me
finish the wall out there we're gonna
have to order the paint today and then
tomorrow we paint and then hopefully the
next day we can do trim and then it's
time to build the desk I don't know I
might actually start getting
measurements and everything today after
we finished that wall but it's uh just
about time to be finished with this
project and I can't be so more
incredibly definitively excited and
exhausted what's going on here bother
Nana's get a new roof that's pretty cool
say bye to everyone lives in there gonna
miss you
that's fine she'll be in the first clip
tomorrow morning
so beg you license offs the babysitter
kids are out of school
Veronica's out of here for the day it's
time for us to finish this really cool
of compaction wall I don't know if you
can tell from here but along the bottom
of the wood that's over about the garage
floor and the top that is on this side
we need a table saw to rip these boards
shorter than they currently are and I
want to make sure they're nice and solid
so I might have to take some stuff over
to my dad's he's got a table salt and we
can get those fine corners and lines you
know fixed up so basically along the top
and the edge of the door we'll have like
a molding like a almost like a trim
molding so this will come along although
the gap that you see along the top just
to keep everything square and level the
molding will cover those gaps so
everything's coming together and it's
starting to look really really good I
hope you guys agree this is kind of a
last-minute decision to make a wood
accent wall but I think it's gonna make
everything you know tied together all
the different colors and stuff in here
it's gonna tie everything together so I
know I said we were gonna do the pumpkin
patch today but we didn't have time with
Collins parent-teacher conference which
by the way turned out to be a lot better
than I thought because he gets notes
sent home sometimes where he's like not
focused and not paying attention but his
report was really good
colin is actually very smart I think
he's just bored with school like they
don't challenge him enough he's too
smart I don't know that's all I got for
you guys today thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
