are you ready yeah ready they're ready
I'm ready I hope you're ready guys
welcome to the vlog it is about to be a
very interesting day one because we have
a really neat little party scheduled for
later this evening it's a it's hard to
explain at this point what I'll get to
that right now I'm about to take the
boys out to a campsite because they are
all righty campsite time you ready to
ride
all right go have some fun bonds you
keep growing
you're like a weed growing like a weed
bro
ride ride go Carson watch out for the
fire so Veronica and I are gonna spend a
nice night out together that means the
boys are gonna be spending it here
camping with Nana Nana Nana phones
phones are the devil love you they're
gone that's what kids need man they need
to just go out in the woods and have fun
play with sticks climb trees these iPods
and video games rotting their brains
this is perfect this is good about
tonight what we're doing is it's it's a
masquerade ball party it's been months
in the in the works and this party is
being thrown by my brother as you guys
know my brother throws some pretty
insanely off-the-wall themed parties we
did the food fight party field day
parties he did another one like this I
was like a 1920s themed party same gig
is a clue style like who's the killer
and you have to figure out who the
killer is but everybody invited to the
party has a specific character role and
the color eye and thin burgundy I'm thin
burgundy hello ladies
vin burgundy that's right I'm thin
Burgundy so I have to create this like
character and I wanna i want my goals to
try and stay in that character all night
long
doing anything special like fancy I'm
literally just going to bring you along
superraw vlog-style
and you're gonna help me figure out who
the killer is in order to prepare for
this party I have to find something to
wear all right skipping past some some
of the things that I absolutely hate
doing and that is shopping I feel like
I'm I'm terrible at shopping it takes me
forever but I got some things and you
tell me if I've picked the right outfit
let's see what we got hey mama what you
do I'm playing what are you making a
mess this looks like cheese ball you got
your green onions you've got your beef
things and you got your cream cheese
mama makes the best cheese ball okay I
want you to see what I got
are you ready Chad Sonny's here you guys
ready for this party
I'm the mayor okay well I want to show
you guys what I ment away I hope my
party I hope I don't disappoint you with
my with my fashion it's always my taste
all right so instead of just showing you
what it looks like I'm on while I put it
on here we go whoa
y'all look at me for a second honey
point this point this here what do you
think they're not real pockets in
Burgundy Playhouse director I know
you're thinking I have never had a pair
of shoes like that before I'm just gonna
going right here right now it's and I
like those shoes are tight look here
we've got Britney and Veronica are doing
a face paint what is your what's your
inspiration on this piece here I'm not
facing a makeup sorry big difference but
what's your inspiration for this this
piece here
she's got nothing what does anyone
notice something about Veronica's eyes
her eyes are brown oh my gosh honey okay
she didn't know Britney's like a she's a
master makeup artist makeup effects
she's modest I'll tell you right now
she's good
I'm dying yeah device Joe or do you want
to see cherry in the mirror no I can't
see chases reaction first yeah let's
let's see what chase thinks first cut
back into the light all the way down all
the way down I can't see your face
Hey oh okay Veronica close your eyes
fully done yep
fully done close your eyes okay open
different person crazy eyes it is so
different
yeah you did a good job she's she not
told you she's a master looks good
mm-hmm Wow
well Z oh my gosh okay
okay on to the party it's time to go to
the party we're about to have one of the
best nights ever from here on out he's
Finn and I am wearing Maria that's the
fun part we we have to go to the grocery
real quick to get some things so we have
to go in like this Veronica's already
gotten four honks I did it like last
minute foot
in the golden light over here beautiful
ladies and gentlemen we have arrived
I've never showed you yet but my brother
got a new house and this place is
beautiful
it's a big country farmhouse we'll save
that for another video the whole tour
and everything which you'll see in
tonight but we have officially arrived
this time to get our murder mystery on
yeah that's a friend of mine once said
it's time to mask up Chad forgot his
mask at my house oh my god Sonny you're
killing it what dude oh my god okay so
so Chad and Sonny are like in charge of
party the character names I'm not
exactly sure but everybody else is out
front and everybody has to wait to be
like and bye to the inside so it's super
dark up there there's no light so I'll
just start rolling when we get in here
cuz it's about to begin filming things
Josh and Alethea
so I've been given this paper when we
first entered and it says round one and
a bunch of other things you can
screenshot it right now
okay so here's the deal a lot of mean
wings happened a lot of hanging out I'm
figuring things out so when you give us
this piece of paper right have to go
around and ask everybody a bunch of
different questions to try and like get
a bunch of little pieces of information
and of which I've taken notes on the
phone to try and like keep track of
everything and I'll tell you what I
figured out some things like I figured I
don't know it's fine now I gotta figure
it out you don't want yeah we should
talk everyone has to eat with their
masks so is it Todd Scottie is Brad his
nametag was covered up and could only
see the word drop it's very interesting
to try and figure out like what you need
to know before I can even see my facial
expressions over this thinking math
trying to figure out what you need to
know
what questions to ask other people to
figure out who is doing what and what
other type of underlying situations are
there that you don't know about it
started I've already figured out so much
about bribery mobster
that deceit all kinds of stuff round two
it's a funny when you try and talk to
her she freezes ready
she's already
Oh
okay killed okay okay so the plus they
can round to gave me the biggest clue of
the game I discover the victim and it is
PJ PJ is the victim
by the way PJ say what's up it's been so
long everybody
dude alright so PJ is an actor who works
for my production but I was supposed to
get a thousand dollars from him to get
the lead role but he hasn't paid me and
it's so strange that I'm the one my face
mask that sucks
I'm the one who discovers him dead
interesting interesting
so I think right now based on what what
I'm reading is I discover your body and
I have to alert pretty much everybody at
the party
all right
do not worry folks I can still play this
game but I cannot speak for I am a ghost
as I wanted to talk to him tonight and
why are we having a damn song by which
I'm in the mood
we have our final clue and we're about
to discover who they are
I didn't this guy what is this come to
use for a paper and pencil versus
anything so we've reached the point in
the night where we have to actually put
down the name of the first new weekly
killer
this is very tough because there's quite
a few little groups inside this entire
cast who could be the killer
Ashton was out to ruin me actually
accepted a leading role in the mystical
flea and have agreed to pay some of cash
for the part he refused to pay a dime
Ashton was going to expose me for
accepting bribes and I couldn't allow
this to happen what I came to confess
anyway briefs please allow me to keep my
job I have nothing else I'm not the
murderer so I'm not guilty
Ashton Jane is next I think mr. Jane is
the killer
if everybody's hard drives in town
there's nothing you can do to me because
every single one of you has a dirty
little secret no it's true
Logan you might as well stop
blackmailing me Oh where's he love mr.
Logan
my brother's a mob boss from an anvil
you may have heard that of a silver
dollar mob he's already sent some fellas
to but with Falls to make some business
deals they kind of like it here so
they're setting up shop on the north
side of town is that okay okay with them
but you'll be paying me now Reese I'm
canceling the automatic deposits into
your Swiss account you will also do as I
say from this point on or you will
disappear forever this time I didn't
murder Ashton even though Ashton was my
biggest competition to get the
prime-time anchor position unfortunately
for some of you I wasn't an FBI agent
here on official wear the next faction
of silver dollar Sonny's mob is going to
be Darkseid
I'm sorry but I'm just doing my job
oh now I need to take you in for some
questioning I pay all of my leading
roles at theater however it doesn't mean
I didn't deserve them Ashton told me
when I made it to Hollywood
I'd be expose on on me about how I paid
my way to business
sure business I am one of the best
actors you've ever seen
I'll now play a role of include me
flower
yes
actually claimed it was burns wait to
have thrown the piece away because it
was junk later I heard it in sulfur
double liar the dirty soul good riddance
yes I am not the one who hasn't let snap
here we go through because I think drew
is the killer
somebody director whoever's inside
he's not holding his paper guys more
than me and that was both and I deserve
that inheritance your guts right I did
it cheers for that
did you enjoy us last night that's so
much fun so much fun I know for you it's
probably like it's really cool to have
my brother and Samantha be so active in
creating those those types of parties
for people and like the reason I get so
into is because that was a great outlet
to really exercise you know your
creativity as a as a person as an actor
I guess yeah it's nice to be able to
exercise stuff like that oh yes it's
looking like another beautiful day my
love you got anything in there yeah
Veronica looked stunning last night like
I couldn't even take it I've never seen
her with like a different eye color but
she had these blue eye contacts in it's
so crazy how much eye color changes your
appearance I hope you guys enjoyed and
could piece together like what parts of
the story were there I mean my character
was pretty simple I discovered the the
victim Veronica is a mobster I was the
head mobster mayor White's brother had
sent me there to set up shop do damage
overall a really fun night if you guys
have the opportunity if you're into
doing stuff like that a murder mystery
party is something that you should
definitely try out an experience there's
templates and things that you can get
that actually like help you coordinate
the whole process we just woke up and
came to have breakfast we got to go back
to the house and prepare for the kids to
come home we're doing a live stream
today with Roman and Britney and Kane
and Corps and everybody's coming over to
hang out it's just gonna be a chill
Sunday so keep an eye on my Twitter I'll
let you guys know when we're gonna go
live exactly but by the time you see
this we may already be going live or
I've already gone live so that's where
we leave you for today guys thank you so
much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
