so I had to bring I had a issue right
the light that I got there like this
thickness right and the blue box in the
ceiling the opening this doesn't cover
it there would have been like a giant
gap and we can't have that we gotta go
the next size up okay
these will definitely cover those holes
and I kind of dropped the ball showing
you guys this which is a very awkward
fit and my Jeep basically this will be
my desk by building my own desk but the
part of it that I needed to kind of
source that's already fabbed is this guy
right here super cool this is like the
butcher block look because as you know I
cut video clips like a butcher cuts meat
Zak's coming to help me and I've
literally wasted most of my day
again gathering scavenging stuff Hey
what you guys doing I was I need some
help lifting you want to help me you've
been working out I know you got it let's
see it
pump those arms up I'll see this show me
that muscle oh my goodness don't hurt
nobody
all right guys it's the moment of truth
I never jump forward look we've already
lost all of our day lights crazy I just
put this one up here so I want to make
sure that that is solid the moment of
truth
look at you watch
here we go ready hey yo that's gonna be
bright dude it's me nice nice and lit I
like it we got all four of them
installed all that light look how old
fly see what do you think it's bad
that's that's a lot of life and we've we
lucked out too because every garage door
rail totally missed where we placed
ourselves awesome yeah they work they're
efficient these LED bulbs will last over
40 years did you know that 40 years
they'll last guys it's starting to look
pretty cool so this I put up earlier
today let's try to muscle through some
stuff before you know we got into the
vlog that actually turned out really
easy so you've got the ceiling fan up
we've got four lights up the next step
is paint tomorrow we're gonna paint I
have a wood accent wall that I want to
put on this stuff so because it's
already awkward with the garage door
we're gonna do the wood accent wall
there and then paint and then trim and
I've got the desk and we're pretty much
ready to be in here the only thing we
have to tackle still is the floor and I
don't think we'll be able to do the
floor this year because of the
temperature I want to do an epoxy floor
and the thinking has to be like 55
degrees constant at least so I don't
know I got a buddy coming to check it
out and tell me what we
do for sure but we're always there and
this is so exciting
so exactly this and this is becoming a
reoccurring problem with our dogs I
think it's time to get a little more
aggressive with the training and I've
never had one before but they're
slipping
so we're thinking about electric fence
for the outside because the dogs keep
like trying to run off and maybe a
little shock collar or sound training
vibration something something cuz every
day for the past 10 days there's been
something on the ground these dogs look
the coffee cup alternative it's so hot
it's hot it's hard to hold it really is
blue this beautiful wine that we've been
given look how cool that is that's
awesome beautiful foam one we are gonna
be blessed with another pretty warm day
today it's gonna be 82 degrees cold and
I'm thinking we should do since it's
nice and we should take advantage and do
the pumpkin patch tonight pumpkin patch
yeah we need to stock up on some
pumpkins because I had a pretty cool
idea to use pumpkins the secret
they're Pumpkinhead zombies there's your
bus there's your bus Bobby took the
shitty ones I love you have a good day
at school be good
this came in the mail yesterday it's
like what you're looking through right
now so this is another lens for the
other Sony rx100 we have that Veronica
dropped and broke a while back it was
really cheap too with 70 $75 I'm gonna
try and fix it
these cameras are a little bit tricky or
work on because they're so small on
there like smushed in there but nice
card just as part of our morning ritual
that you don't typically get to see but
we always check the lunch menu so today
what is the 18th in Fiat what cheese PB
and jelly pocket tomato soup fruit milk
okay and then Carson decides I a want to
eat that for lunch or b12 pack what do
you want beep beep ACK Carson would
prefer a Nutella and jelly not peanut
butter and jelly or a lunchable what's
it gonna be today
he's going for a Nutella I already know
its spirit we got school this weekend
today it's crazy hair day looking crazy
look at crazy there Lisey good morning
beep girl you look fresh
who pooped yeah did you poop mommy
pooped time to Train sir I didn't poop
no ma'am mm-hmm sure once she was dry
this morning changed her oh really look
now but I see your bus I can see it I
see the bus I can see it it's right
there okay
promise me you'll have the most epic
awesome super fantastic splendiferous of
school day ever
okay all right have I have a good day
love you see you after school
okay okay love you too bye Oh silly girl
I think angels trying to get one are you
trying to get uppity
yeah you are optimist okay guys it's
about time to wrap up this day because
we need to get we need to get ahead of
it I'm gonna start the Edit early today
you will have seen this vlog go up early
I hope everyone has a fantastic start to
their week and that my friends is where
thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
