hello friends welcome to the vlog today
we're closing the pool I've already said
that before haven't I
well today we're really closing the pool
seems a little bit basically as you saw
just now I put in the last round of like
chlorine tomorrow morning I have to put
in the last round of algaecide so
there's plenty of like chlorination
there's plenty of algaecide the lastest
thing for quite a while so the pool
cover comes with like this this wire and
you're supposed to feed it through all
these grommets and then it has this
winch to tighten it up
I feel like though that's like a lot of
extra and I don't know if that's
supposed to be that way but he's gonna
have to work do they come I only got
three out at a time so we can keep track
of them no banana hold a few gentle here
allowed mouth mister you're a loudmouth
okay miss oh sweet Liza okay
okay huh boom back in she's giving new
kisses come here your cake air kisses
Andy oh yeah what anyone give that one
kiss my mom yeah okay kids OH - gotcha
okay hey you yes give me kiss no oh it's
stuck on you yeah stuck see Mikey cats
yah yah yah barky cats daddy got you
gotta tell them bye they're sharing a
moment Oh does that not remind you of
the doctor e1 the whole the whole evil
roundtable laughing hahaha
hahaha oh no we had an emergency what
happened Carson keep fighting on that
what happened bud bump your tooth he
bumped this chin and knocked his tooth
pretty much now oh why is the lines too
upset because they both came in freaking
just rambling around everywhere to get
toilet paper in this night I'm like just
tell me what's going on she started
freaking out cuz they were freaking out
that's it
oh my gosh dude yeah that one's gotta go
bro oh my god you're gonna swallow it in
your in your ice cream sandwiches or
something huh
wait I'll I always wait until it's like
flat road like flat right and then I
grab from there from outside and I just
hear the holy amber bump look at you
back up back up some do that turn around
spin around girl yeah woo amber Bob
everybody put some thumbs on that right
now
amber you look nice what's the occasion
that day oh sorry I'm sorry to tell all
you out in internet land the single
amber is going on date yeah all right so
we're getting ready to go
it's Friday night we're gonna go have
some dinner we're actually meeting some
friends from out of town to go and have
dinner with and we'll be hanging out
with them periodically throughout the
weekend but uh we're all home great so
hungry I'm about to eat
Elijah's fingers oh look at that that
looks good already I can help
hello you only 400 campers right here
thank you I can't park right there
look at these girls look at these guys
guys hey friends hey how are you good to
see you brother what's up YouTube
yeah he's good yeah oh they're all back
here everyone's back here I'm gonna have
a mean face on a 25 are you gonna get me
and welcome
you know man anyway we had a reservation
for 7:30 it's 8:30
literally standing in here for one
before okay I know Colin's falling
asleep my wife's getting angry are you
angry let's see your hangry face that it
old yeah
when years alone Colin was all estate
the table what time is it 9:30 we're
here showing showing him around the
horses who did that I think it was uh
Connor Connors making noise here poop
out yeah ha ha ha I thought I was into
the world I got chills up in this bowl
they're loud though yeah it's impressive
I like surround sound knows what's going
on mommy are there feeding yeah no guess
what what what dad what I like when I
went outside just a minute ago
mm-hmm I looked at two horses you're
like oh really oh geez
it turned out to be much later than we
anticipated leaving dinner we may not
get the fire we wanted plus I don't know
if it's that big a deal because it's
cold it is cool honey are you cold
frozen you look roll deck we can do it
yeah we'll do it whenever you got a fire
pit
I built it this is what Veronica does on
a regular basis it's like sensory
overload all the animals just going
crazy no
Kim you trying to ride a horse before
you guys leave town
I've never veronica put me on ninja and
started the what was it a gallop was a
canter which isn't really fast at all
hijab yeah but for me being on the worse
it's like a noob dude it was the fastest
side ever I thought I was riding in a
Ferrari you know what I mean
yeah one on a bumpy road okay it was a
great get bounced right off yeah it was
crazy but fun but I'm not I I could
never do like the jumping that they do
over the fences and so the kids are fast
asleep by the time we got here they're
all in bed but I don't think I mentioned
in the video yet in case some of you
don't know Jay why don't you you know
remind everyone what it is your channel
is scary snowman obviously and that had
a little surprise for you chasing I what
does it tell you
now I will Oh since you got the camera
my face so I'm being surprised live on
camera alright what does being surprised
like dude it's whole Conan hey I want to
give you a chance to bring somebody into
something I want you to get inside the
snowman to scare somebody for yourself
what do you say Cosby yeah
please that'd be awesome yeah if you
haven't seen the scary snowmen videos
they've been a long time running series
on YouTube since 2011 2011
he's been scaring people in this snowman
outfit costume he built it himself and
it's no you had a my uncle book your
uncle Belka so many years later Jay
still doing this thing it's classic it
doesn't ever get old people literally
fall for this thing like it just it
looks like a statue of people walking up
to it and
inside you'll see if they haven't known
we've been on tour this last 2-3 weeks
we were in Tennessee Kentucky now we're
in Columbus we're going to Philly next
then we're going to Massachusetts in
Rhode Island we're going to be pumping
out a bunch of videos from Halloween to
Christmas me alright on stop laughing I
can't wait we're actually going to do so
for Columbus we're going to do some
drone footage and we're going to make it
look really really cool so I think you
guys should definitely check it out
Jason link will be in the description to
check out his channel tell me in the
comments I want you to go and check it
out tell me which scare was your
favorite you're gonna have to watch a
couple episodes I'm sure was it what was
the what was your favorite scare it was
just so many what about the guy who
punches you out and hears on my favorite
okay yeah so basically we are at Denny's
we get ready to have a super delicious
breakfast and then we are heading back
up to where we used to do where
everything started up on ice cream
Columbus taking Jay and Kim to the mecca
of Franklinville ice cream right here
we're gonna have so much fun today make
sure you guys come back tomorrow that my
friends
thank you so much for watching if you
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
