what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
are starting and lows today because we
have a pretty big project to tackle the
project we're working on today is the
texture on the ceilings that's right
once again chase Gilroy type change is
mine but I think this is for the better
thanks for the better when you do the
ceiling huh
we need to do the ceiling so we can
paint the walls so we can do the trim so
we can finally get some finished space
happening here so we need this hopper
gun Jay's got an air compressor I
thought since we have a live fire in the
office it might be better to have a fire
extinguisher right I mean that's a good
idea right yeah I mean we need an air
hose because Jays is long enough
knockdown knife tape to put the sheets
the plastic sheeting on the wall works
as we need I think we have everything we
need to get the job done tonight I'm
really excited to see how this turns out
it'll be my first time Zacks going to
help we're gonna make up we're gonna
make a party of it it's gonna be fun but
since we got a fire extinguisher we got
to think about safety too and since
we're burning wood inside our office we
I don't have one yet so it's probably
the best time to get one smoke and
carbon monoxide and gotta give be safe
out there right Colin
so this is what we need huh okay
we're we're out of time to go get
Pokemon
don't worry mommy's got to go to the
horse front so maybe we can go up there
later he's like I want Pokemon her what
was that big Pokemon car you had that
big giant Pokemon card that was the
biggest pokemon card I'd ever seen in my
life be my master man right here not the
New Age c'mon where you gonna do them
well that's exciting
okay so we got it we got to hang out
with the fan for a little bit well wrong
that you can meet your mama huh oh
that's so nice you can use that time to
bond with your mom while shoveling horse
food is bull cereal night for dinner and
look at Liza Eliza is the cleanest eater
ever seen look look up Lizzie let me see
your shirt is that funny is that funny
little bigger a little bit of time is
fast I mean look it's pitch black now
wise isn't bad or anything so I promised
you guys to show you what we did today
so check this out we got the new door
and I did this right I did this exact
just showed up to hello
no I'm serious wear it before in my life
check it out
boom it is solid locks like a champ love
it beautiful and then I took see this is
the new door I took that door that was
on there and that's the new interior
door this one needs a little work
cuz the top leg I don't know why but the
top hits over here I called Seth was
like dude what am I doing wrong why is
this one not working I had to actually
knock the
threshold see this one over here the
metal threshold hey watch out hammered I
had to knock this one off because I was
actually a sixteenth of an inch too tall
this door so that might have something
to do with it but we'll get that figured
out so we're getting ready to do the
ceiling texture here and I'm a complete
novice never done it before
watch plenty of video of sets you heard
Zack sir zombies I was like dude why is
the door open it's cold in here so we're
gonna have to run this furnace for a
little bit make exact happy I'm small
got me to disagree it's pretty chilly in
here champ yeah I do what I got to do so
we're gonna let this run for a little
bit and then we're gonna have to wait
for it to cool off so the plastic that
we hang doesn't burn to it all right so
here's the hopper gun pretty insane cool
little deal right and I'm always going
by the manual
it's a propensity to take time
compressor we need to thread the
90-degree brass element oh well you know
what we need tap on table fact we've got
some right here all right all right cool
all right here we go
ooh nice
get on there teflon tape that joint air
inlet fitting this guy right here
every fitting it's teflon tape
air is always going to be blown through
here so when you pull the trigger it
opens up this plunger that allows my
teeth group that's gonna be inside
this big giant bucket that
on top of here and it's like this big
awkward thing we're going to get this
you were right from what I hear eating
something like a man
it almost looks good enough to eat we're
going to try that and we'll run that 20
psi with a medium novel three different
novels on there
that's awesome I love that like to see
microphones right what do you think yeah
larger chunk that looks cool that looks
like orange peel
can you see a pretty good influence oh
yeah now we're going to try the largest
nozzle this one should give us more mud
in theory initiative means bigger supply
we really don't even need the sound
effects
yo that's doable I like that that's the
one do the travel house really go for
the first run we try them from the
ground up in the book it says you want
to be a foot and a half away from
ceiling or the surface that you're doing
this dude I'm six feet ceilings
ah
Oh
we've got awesome that look from just
I'm glad to talk me into it actually I
really am took a little bit of
convincing but I think it was really
good already
so guys it is currently 1 of 6 a.m. and
we just finished I had to get everything
cleaned up and put away but I'll tell
you one thing that looks pretty cool it
may be hard to see on camera but we were
gonna do a knockdown but once I got that
stuff up there I decided I I don't want
to flatten it out it actually looks
pretty cool gives us some 3d 3d
dimension Thank You thoughts oh look who
shows up Caleb okay we wasn't harder
easy alright we could get hired to do
like we could remodel someone's basement
for sure yeah mmm coffee look I'm
already going through a whole pot pretty
much we we didn't have set any alarms
because the kids do not have school
today they're just kind of cool so we're
gonna we may do a pumpkin patch later
today because it's getting to be that
time I'm gonna get there before all the
good pumpkins are gone
and before it gets too cold but uh oh my
gosh well I want to show you guys the
ceiling I went out there and started up
the furnace so to be warm for working
out there today but it looks so good can
you see it I don't know if you can see
it on camera but it's definitely
definitely a way cooler look than than
just leaving it plain I'm glad that we
make the decision to do that now I do
have some cleanup to do like like you
can see here by the wall where our
plastic didn't really reach all the way
over kind a mistake on my part but I
guess you can just like lightly sand
that off or use a damp spot and clean it
up there's not that much we'll get it
taken care of but yeah I gotta put like
so like you see this spot up here above
the garage shore my idea was to have I
wanted to have at least one like a
wooden accent wall and there's these
panels that I thought lows that look
pretty cool I think it'll be a pretty
cool effect and it's perfect to put on
this door because we have the wood trim
that goes around the garage door and all
that and I'll I'll actually just go
ahead and put the wood up there where
you don't see that drywall as well and
yeah there's a bunch of splatter on
there nothing a wire brush and
you know some steel wool can't fix Oh
we'll get that all cleaned up and yeah
the progress has come along guys so now
that the ceilings textured I can hang
the new light fixtures and then we can
paint the walls which I'll show you the
color that I've kind of landed on I
think it's a I think it's a good color
okay so basically as you guys probably
guessed based on the color of our
YouTube banner and I mean sometimes I
wear a lot of it blue is one of my
favorite colors and Cody left me this I
don't know what got paint swatches and I
think I've decided on this one right
here just dynamic blue the sheen that I
want is kind of flat so that there isn't
like an over reflective amount of light
so it would be like a flat dynamic blue
just like this Cody's gonna get back to
me today on the paint and I actually
have Seth coming in a little bit to help
me figure out why the other door the
interior door that we hung is so often
yeah so we've got a little bit to do
this weekend's gonna be fun someone is
coming into town
that I'm actually pretty excited to work
with because I love his stuff and and
him and as his wife heck of a pair I
love those guys so I think guys that's
we're gonna end it for today get the
Edit done and smash this weekend it is
Friday so happy Friday to everyone I
hope you guys have an amazing weekend so
yeah that's all we got for you today
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
