sorry guys day to help and set out
everything is looking fantastic look
look at this we got all the rails all
the way around everything is looking
beautiful Seth is working on putting
this door up here now
very technical stuff pounded brother I
gotta bounce all right
this is fun Bert check your time because
I'm gonna donkey the kiddies are
definitely growing they're getting
closer to being able to go to good homes
Oh Little Miss Frankie but that's right
echo is experiencing that time but the
dreaded lady time dah dah dah
echo sit still girl I know it's awful
you look like you got like a monkey on
your back you do have a monkey on your
back okay you guys are about to head out
with v nestled bezel I have a live
stream we're going to my mom she's home
from the hospital today we're just super
exciting and thank you guys again for
all your shout outs to mama Gill she's
doing well we'll find out more when we
get there that you have fun okay with
them taking dinner show them the world
we made it to see grandma when I got
here the dog came running upstairs works
he escaped from two gates to get through
to her and jumped on the bed and freaked
her out he didn't hurt her I think he
just scared her more and we got him out
and she had to do some twisting and
turning and moving around to get her
comfortable but we gotta come feast know
if she's relaxed and watching TV
Carson's hanging out here there are you
getting hungry but I'll have to come
check before I bring you food see what
what plate you want each thing on put
everything on a blue plate well you know
your noodles on your mashed potatoes
I've got the potatoes cut up and I got
the chicken gone the chicken you gotta
get started first no mommy's cooking
dinner our laundry
I forgot the noodles
Kimmy chicken and noodles without
noodles daddy's coming to the rescue
I know you miss daddy daddy's been so
busy lately he hasn't met daddy's been
busy
okay so chase did a good job you showed
up with the news and the cool it I
finally made it here I had something it
cool it and did you know that coin only
comes in the frozen section like what
are you supposed to go get co-op and
then eat it immediately well you know I
would have probably ordered her like
some Alderton or something yeah this is
pretty easy yeah I was chicken no soup
nice potatoes chicken well it looks like
soup smells good
I can't wait to eat so I asked ginger
she's real picky about what food goes on
what plates like color wise like green
beans can't be on a green plate or corn
can be on the yellow plate she said a
blue plate so I opened our cabinet and
there is not one blue plate in here what
do I do any what do we do a white one or
well what if she can't eat mashed
potatoes on the white plate then put the
mashed potatoes on a different color
plain she said I could put the noodles
on top over the mashed potatoes
ridiculous
who had who does that who has a spoon
with a hole in it I've been using that
spoon thank you
madam dinners served
hmm that's that chicken noodle mashed
potato in there there's your your
delicious biscuit with butter and I got
that salt and I got that pepper put that
back right there okay I'm making my
plate to go up Annie with mom and I
found a picture literally just seen
right here from the Stone Age wait does
that mean 2005 look at me I had an
earring back then you see that are you
serious right now that Liza
she says goober tonight we've had we've
had dinner meet and mom sat here and ate
she's literally passing out beside me
Veronica's bring up some pumpkin pie
hold on daddy will help you I'm glad
you're home and everyone is glad that
you're home too
yeah you know some people were like your
mom is a truly amazing woman because of
all the surgeries you've had and it's
true your perseverance is inspirational
yeah thank you that's amazing it's okay
pepper no leave him alone
are you ready texting mix texture son
I'm text I feel good I feel like you're
gonna give us some fun on my face from
the glue your cell phone you know that
feeling you get when you realize oh crap
there's something I forgot to do and
like you reach the point where like
that's something you forgot to do it was
almost of critical importance that just
happened because I I'm on the way home
and I was thinking okay my dad just said
we saw dad on our way out
he said there's rain coming tonight and
I just realized that I'm still like
setting pellet stove and making sure
that everything runs properly before I
actually like lock everything in namely
the exhaust pipe which as it goes
through the wall like the hole in the
wall that casing has to have like a
flame
resistant fire resistant word silicone
you keep air and liquid out and I don't
have that on there yet so like I'm
trying to get home as quick as possible
so I could keep water for getting into
my walls is so important there it is
right there you see that gap right here
that's bad news that's what we need to
get this ceiling Oh on real quick real
quick note and Caleb Caleb came to help
me out hold the life for me so I can see
what I'm doing all right here we go
mmm just like that all sealed up yeah I
don't know
here's tack treat and minutes so crush
fingers
you
you can't arrest Wow
yeah we're gonna get you dressed right
we're gonna throw my bike yeah what you
know what is it oh yeah
look at you let me see end up let me see
you oh yeah look at your Juicy Couture
shirt Oh
Lada why you look stunning today she's
my buddy
today she can be helping me yeah you're
gonna be helping in case anyone I ever
wanted to see how how we pulled this
hair deal off it's actually pretty quick
and well briefly kind of messy Veronica
and amber were telling me you should
curl your hair out do a different
hairstyle Oh bless you
oh my lord listen you sneezed and that
came out oh don't like it that's gross
it's it's things like that you have to
be fully prepared to deal with when you
have children so I don't know what do
you guys think do you think we should
try a new hairstyle different hairstyle
if I am going to do it I need to start
doing it now because now would be about
the time where I get my hair cut and
it's probably gonna drive me crazy
but I'm willing to try something new
change it up a little bit today we
instead of going help Seth with the deck
again we have to get some work done on
the office because Friday is busy
Saturday's busy Sunday's busy
and I can't let a whole week go by
without working on the office again
Liza let go of the dog's tail why are
you infatuated with the tails you got to
stop that
don't play with their tail that's mean
not her tail either oh Lord
so you can see I'm gonna have my hands
full today Veronica's out doing horse
barn stuff and Eliza and I are gonna go
to Lowe's pick up some supplies some
supplies so that we can get some stuff
done in the office we've got a lot of
work to do in there
and today is the day to crush it so that
is where we leave you for today thank
you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
