goodbye how're you doing good morning
welcome to the vlog today we're starting
with sausage egg and cheese McGriddle
coffee and not official but makeshift
coffee cup and a set of directions
because we're doing something today that
I haven't done for a long seriously
agree with me or disagree the the
sausage egg and cheese McGriddle
or the McGriddle concept in general is
that not the greatest sandwich and I'm
not this is not there's no endorsement
here but literally I hate McDonald's but
I will stop there for breakfast that
much because the McGriddle is so good
but basically what we're doing today
these colors look at the fall colors
happening right now guys this is so cool
it's it's actually pretty fall I can't
can't disagree with that but I do
dislike the cold temperatures I'm on my
way out very early this morning doing
what every person should do in those
relationships that you have in your life
and that is a retribution or being a
good friend so like if you scratch my
back I'm gonna scratch yours just as
good if not better
miss my junior Seth as you know helped
me with the part of the office and I
promised him said man if you ever need
any help let me know
I'll be there for you like he was for me
and that's exactly what we're doing
today
so for Seth is backed up with work and
that's a good thing he's got so much
work he needs a little bit of help to
catch up so today that's what we're
doing we're helping my homeboy set get
back on track and I believe we're
building a deck today
oh poor puppy or the belly bubbles in
there good funny story is I pull up here
I beat Seth that's right yeah I beat him
ha ha
no but seriously though look at this
view good to look at yeah see that's
high up there yeah yeah we gotta take a
second look at me right now look at me
I'm official I got my own Bell here my
little pallet from a put screws in there
got my hammer got my tape measure got my
little pencil sharp nice and sharp right
there yeah that's right boy boy official
carpenter here today I'm sure I showed
up to work I told him I was like you
know Seth came to help me so I had to
return the favor this is that this is
how you fulfill your obligations to your
friends you know you treat him right
scratching their back you scratch my
back I scratch your scratching backs man
you just gotta scratch everyone back off
of that scratch all them back
okay so we're a few hours into the day
and look at it look at the progress so
far we've got one two three four
segments surveilling going up apparently
uh Seth correct me if I'm wrong they're
gonna screen in this whole part with the
roof and it's the door on the outside or
the inside it's nice
okay in this carb this part is uncovered
right right nice little Sun Sun Deck
portion of it this is kind of cool man
this is I've been running the saw so I'm
in cutting all these spindles down to
length and just having fun man set this
is fun I'm gonna have to actually work
with you full-time I'll let you do that
for free yeah we're almost done for the
day because Seth's got to pick up his
kids or up to 40 to 45 so not a full
workday but alright now go ahead man Oh
Tim the Toolman Taylor just gotta say
like how cool today was to actually go
to a job site and help set and be like
proficient at helping them when we first
started the office project like a kind
of embarrassed to admit but I could
barely read a tape right but now like
today I did all the measuring and
cutting most of it for the spindles in
the
like the rails so like I've learned so
much through doing the office stuff
myself and that aside from saving money
paying someone else to do it the
knowledge that I've gained from that is
insurmountable so like I want to urge
you guys I feel like I'm gonna do it
yourself type of guy and I hope that I
inspire you guys to do some projects
yourself too because don't be too
intimidated man all it takes is a little
bit of like common sense and you can
tackle pretty much most anything so
don't sell yourself short you can do
things yourself you just gotta try now I
think it's time for I just made it to-do
list we still have quite a bit to do in
here including installing all the cover
plates for all the new outlets still
have to do the trim we have to do the
window frame I need to exchange this
door and make it my interior door and
then I also got I took that old door
back and got another steel door it's
back there put over there we've got to
seal the garage there's still quite a
bit left to do so I need to continue
that trend that was happening over the
past couple weeks which is like do my
daily stuff and then come out here and
work till 2:00 in the morning so not
quite done yet but we're getting there
man this this place is almost almost
there here the princess highs lady what
are you doing
oh my you look sweaty hmm did you have a
good nappy Oh
oh my gosh Colin look at your fingers
that is the worst case of cheeto finger
I've ever seen in my life here let me
let me let me take this from you you you
have it far exceeded jerk your daily
cheeseball limit sir I do have a funny
story if you look behind me there see
usually that's where angels crate is
right it's pretty funny now at 6:00 a.m.
this morning fine you hear angel down
here just trying to get out of her crate
I wake up to Veronica on her phone
talking to her mom and she comes back in
the bedroom and tells me that she needs
help because angel has exploded
everywhere and it's it's a scene out of
like a movie and she did explode
everywhere we had to take the crate out
there was poo on the floor outside of it
there was even poo splashed over here on
the wall when she took her out and
somehow there was poo on this door I
know you're thinking that's Gil that's
an embarrassing story to tell but that's
that's real life like that actually
happened and I wish I had some
supporting video clips to show you I'm
sure you're glad that I don't but yeah
the crate is cleaned you have a picture
Oh are you feeding daddy give me buy it
that's good mmm that's good
Oh give some to them give them a sip how
are you feeling angel I feel any better
I know you had a rough night huh yeah
you're gonna rough night didn't you
yeah oh yeah girl I'll scratch faster
you kick harder so we're headed to
Amber's for dinner and that means
crafting a barrier for the dog since the
crate is not quite dry
well that's creative man amber this is a
funny-looking fork I think this is a
fork there's only two prongs though I
mean no but seriously thanks for cooking
spaghetti tonight look at Kim's face Kim
what's happened to you poison ivy
where'd you get it
dear Lord you're swollen do you later
see breezy look at his license plate on
four is a
raising that's his uh that's his
nickname his street name amber thank you
for dinner
he's lovely I know it seems like we were
like here for a second ate and now we're
living about this day for a while
chatting but yeah hey night amber night
poor girl's gonna do dishes so this has
been on since four o'clock still going
strong
dan so from four to eight thirty four
and a half hours plus we've already run
at two hours so I think a 40-pound bag
somewhere around eight hours of fuel
maybe more nah this is so good here I
want you guys to say night to everyone
we're getting ready to hit the sack
signa night Liza say 9:00 night no she's
done well friends I probably should have
done this last night but it is morning
and it looks to be a beautiful morning
no frost out there yesterday there was
frost the first frost I saw ice on the
windshield insane today it doesn't look
to be that bad but it is day two of me
going to help fulfill helping out my
friends and I'm actually pretty excited
I enjoy doing that kind of stuff
so yeah leave a like on today's video if
you liked what we've done and I suppose
that is where we will leave you for
today thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
