what you're just in time to see the
inaugural firing of our pellet stove
that's right I spent the morning
figuring out how to drill the hole we
got our pipe installed proper
ventilation all clearances and fire code
regulated specifications have been met
it is now time to fire this thing out we
gotta fill up with wood first so that's
what we do is hit on HR 1 that's a heat
range 1 that room fan draft fan auxilary
not sure what that means what's gonna
happen is it's going to fire up for a
few and it's gonna start dropping some
pellets down into that little bin and
then behind there on the bottom there's
a little hole basically there's like
this little glow plug I think makes
contact with the wood pellets but either
way it's an automatic ignition so I
don't have to I don't have to light
anything in there and I do anything it
just basically lights itself so you just
drops a couple pellets little there and
you can see that glow plug down there
whatever it is that's how it gets hot
starts
I'm very carefully monitoring the you
know the instruction manual we got some
serious fire in there we have a giant
big giant flame and the heat is blowing
out of here it is a wonderful thing
there is I don't know if you can see it
there is a little bit of smoke but per
the UH for the manual that says that it
will do that for a while to burn off all
the factory stuff it's still on the
casing and all that stuff so guys we can
be warm out here I'm excited it's nice
and warm actually right next to it
I had to make some adjustments turn the
draft pin down a little bit that flame
was getting a little crazy but now it
looks to be just right
is that your baby you want that get it
oh get the baby
yes oh you got it so we got the fire
joint and that is a beautiful sigh of
relief now it whoa it would be warmer
there there's a finger my love how are
you this day I know it looks fantastic
looks fantastic Oh check this out look
here I got this from Amazon right this
is a helmet mount for that it's gonna be
so cool
have you had a fun weekend guys you've
been gone all weekend
literally all weekend yeah both of us
what was the most exciting thing you did
oh really
morning you're cleaning up dinner you're
so sweet did you just break the new
Tupperware oh there's no other lid for
that either
no there's not we're probably crazy here
we call the cleaning shoes like and you
know Veronica's doing a good job when
she lights candles and puts them around
that's pretty awesome it smells lovely
he's on head how cool is it that all the
kids just play together no there are me
Liza hey guys you want to see the pellet
stove yeah you want to go check out the
new fire yeah alright let's go what do
you guys see that isn't that cool
and once it gets hot enough it'll start
blowing air from like right through here
and that flame will be what heats this
whole room pretty cool huh
all of it everything it hates everything
every single part in here
here's simple dude he's like well know
what it looks like with the light off
that looks pretty good actually
you're like the it's like a midnight
glow that's gonna be nice
let's go we decided to chill as a fit
today was family chill day and we got
almost all the way through Civil War
Marvel's Civil War Captain America the
Avengers Iron Man what the kids go to
their bed because it's too late why is
it are you going bed to sweetheart say
see ya wait I need kisses though before
you go to them hey everyone everyone say
goodnight to the vlog so we're up this
morning the butt crack of dawn
while we're heading to the hop more
specifically the bone and joint center
as I told you guys earlier this week my
mom is having her back surgery today so
we're here to you know show her some
support so we get here and unfortunately
mom has been taken back already so we
didn't get to see her before surgery
which really stinks Josh and Sam sort of
Veronica be here in a little bit yeah
wish we could have said you know good
luck before the surgery but they took
her back
Josh I got this RIA you know
I'm not a fan with that kind of seafood
right there we'll just leave that there
we came out for some food we're getting
a little hungry and antsy sitting in
their mom's surgery is complete and
everything went well so you guys for all
your comments and everything I saw you
guys on Twitter so
or pretty much through the thick of it
about to get some food and then head
back to the hospital and we'll get to
see her finally did you bring me flowers
oh my god you here say we still haven't
seen her yet so they're only letting two
people at a time come up through these
kind of stinks but he's finished she's
in recovery she's probably gonna be like
so I just want to go up and say hi and
make sure she's okay
mom mom how are you feeling that depends
mom you're slurring your words have you
been have you been
consuming uh you know it's not bad
considering you just had your back
sliced open fused together your bones
hey guys look everyone give thumbs up
today for mom tower in the comments hope
you get better mom look at her she's a
trooper she's still hanging out and
smiling when they cut her back open this
big oh you came and see it how big was
it why you're thirsty you drink
Jonathan chase as you can see we're
gonna be here for a little while and
that my friends is where we you know
mom's safe she she feels good so I think
that's a perfect spot to leave for today
I want to say again thank you guys so
much for all your thoughts and your
prayers and everything and yeah so I got
for you today you know wait to see each
and every one anyway I meant here maybe
not here but yeah tomorrow
