good evening guys start mouth the
evening with me and the kiddos your
house Chase is running some errands and
this and that all right I'm trying to
get dinner cooked and this little lady
here she's starting off with some
applesauce can you say hi hi boys can
you say hi hey it's the weekend so they
get a little bit of time on there say hi
hey hey Kirsten let me see this oh my
gosh his other front tooth is getting
rainfall out it's so Wiggly
listen Liza's yelling for more so I
fixed this Alfredo chicken alfredo it's
about noodles and peas and carrots and
broccoli in it and the boys are whining
because they don't want to eat the
vegetables and Eliza's over here look
she cleaned her bowl and she's yelling
for more do you want more yeah that's
good huh take more please more please
well the cleanup with the kids was
short-lived they helped a little bit
Eliza actually helps the most
well no finishing stuff there's lies
even CP who can see busy but beholden
you know so we got everything all the
sunflowers cut down some of the
sunflowers they the seeds that weren't
like edible like the heads on Wow yucky
from laying on the ground we went ahead
and took all the seeds out and kind of
scattered them on the ground some of the
birds will probably get them but maybe
some will regrow for next year we got
the cantaloupes all torn out - there you
go will they're full no I'm sure not
sure what to do with it can you dry it
out and burn it can you dry it out and
burn it I don't know it's all still
pretty wet so I just came back from the
the Home Depot right which was hilarious
another story for another time we're
about to do something crazy tonight
Braun who's getting ready to take the
kids to my mom and I've had a plan for a
long time just waiting for the right
opportunity a one of those variables
that needed to happen was that kids were
staying the night somewhere and that's
about to happen
so I'll explain more in just few spend
time with the grandma she's having back
surgery on Monday did you know that yeah
so my mom's having back surgery on
Monday so give me a lot of trying to
help take care of her and the next come
in a couple weeks for sure doing you
know the help out thing Lord oh yeah
when you hurry back now okay Zach's
going he's gonna help me do some work
out in the yeah I got to do that to
where those dudes shown up 15 minutes
before this place closes buying a gown
16 a clown costume which is highly
controversial right now I'm sure they're
gonna be like calling the cops how these
dudes just came in late night bought a
clown costume they're up to no good
it's gotta be Carver dude this is where
the dudes are shopping for that I'm
serious I'm literally like kind of
freaked out not this mostly that is
scary what can I say these one of these
Carver killer which one is it which one
is it
Carver I wish you guys would give us
instant water because this one seems
more creepier that one might be easier
to see on the on the camera there's
another here in mass right here huh
I doubt it comes with that oh it's got
the mask we don't really have time dude
wait we need a we need a fake like 9
icon okay all right where should we go
to take this photo man it should be like
by that tree it should be by where we
are okay you know what I mean like you
should and we should try and do it quick
and it can be a cell phone photo to like
it's it's just like a it would be like
an eyewitness sent the photo to the
article oh it's locked this is what
Veronica's gonna see
I feel bad for you is gonna be hot and I
put it back oh hold on
he's texting and driving slow down knock
again all right Zack and I know he's
fine work together we're all together
it's not like don't put the mask on
until you get over there
we're gonna take a picture here Oh oh my
gosh dear that is freaking scary bro
you look nice like fully visible in the
picture virtually
it's got motion blur and everything hold
on we can go back and pick one of the
best ones the isn't mega creepy bro
amber we're almost back to my place
amber I can see all my video doorbell
amber just pulled in and she's waiting
for for us to get home
there's no way because she knows that
zach is with us
Caleb's with us she knows that we're all
together so and it sucks bringing other
people in on it because you don't know
if they're gonna like give it away or
bust the bit so we call it we have to we
have letterhead but we can scare her
first yeah all right let's journal like
that I don't know she may be in the
garage yeah no no no well park right
here Parker hangar right here yeah and
will creep in on her too two for one
I see movement just come this way we
gotta pull forward we gotta pull forward
all right so amber just went down the
road back to her house we've parked
behind the office no one will see this
car back here so we're just gonna camp
and wait till she comes back oh I got to
make that news article I'll go get my
laptop and we'll stay here and we'll
work on that while we're gonna scare
amber oh my god this could just be it
okay so check this out I blacked out
some of the information that I don't
want you guys see because I don't want
anyone to know kind of you know but
anyways this is the article that I just
made I just took a screen capture of a
news site right and I changed everything
this shows the actual town another
instance of the town and this is the
news article with the picture that we
just took just stay here
dang it it's pizza yeah get the pizza
guy run down here alright great
alright guy ride along what I doe good
I'm sorry
she's epic hey baby
oh look who's home hi punkin come here
sweetheart come here
I can't believe you're still awake oh I
see oh isn't that the cutest she wants
nanny to put her to bed night Lizzie we
love you Veronica just went inside and I
told her that we should watch purge cuz
we tried to watch the purge last night
in Barranca fell asleep so it's gonna be
perfect we're gonna be watching a scary
movie and ten minutes into it
am I in trouble am i sleeping on the
couch tonight
I know kids upstairs my kids upstairs
don't open that door well well it didn't
go as I planned exactly but I think it's
safe to say Veronica will not be
dressing up as a clown we had a good
time last night
everything turned out I don't know if we
got the best camera angles but I can
tell you from looking at Veronica in
person she was scared out of her mind I
do want to say this in the vlog before
before we ended and that is you guys
don't do what we did tonight
stuff like clowns and scare people
because of everything that's going on I
don't want you to think that that's okay
we did this a controlled situation
everyone involved knew what was going on
except for Annika so just be safe out
there at this Halloween you're gonna
dress up as a clown you know what I mean
like just be safe we stay that France
where we leave for today thanks so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here
