Veronica's left take my kids to the
pickle to my parents house all right
we're on our way now to the Halloween
store we're going to get a clown costume
right I am going to create a fake news
article that I'm going to screenshot
make it look like a website the
screenshot it I'm going to send it to
Veronica her belt and we're going to put
the costume on Zak when I take the photo
the boat is going to be inside the big
website that I'm gonna screenshots in to
Veronica she's going to see the same
clown that she sees in the news article
on our front porch I hope this works
my god
oh my god
oh why are we gonna do there is surely a
cloud on our front door ice you should
come up here guys come up here wavers
yawn
you stand right there what I love the
same thing is that yeah honey what do we
do it says gone please oh I'm gonna call
you Yellin the of when you look through
the glasses very but I can't hold on
wait
don't well don't do it yeah wait let's
talk to it what do you want here's a
prank on me right like my heart will be
doing it's about to come out what do you
want just
hello I don't like it this is a prank
because you're not what we call those
chairs it's a brain when you send me
this thing earlier was that fake that
was totally fake i photoshopped it you
senator oh you did so yeah good prank
good Frank
