lyza wake up right the carwash
what's up guys welcome to the vlog we're
starting the day at the car wash allies
has never been through it before we're
gonna wash the car we're gonna go
through there yeah yeah
here's your sucker baby there you go
here we go we're going in we're going
whoa
sounds like an airplane listen
just like that we're clean see I hope
you guys are having the absolute best
day ever it's been so beautiful here the
weather has been unreal like super hot
not complaining either because today
literally today is the absolute last
super hot day in the forecast and after
that it's like real fall all that aside
it's been a really good past couple of
days since we came home from the trip
just spending a lot of quality time with
that little girl specially back there
and the kids when they get home from
school you know huh you know how cuz
everybody's busy a pretty routine kind
of day for a dad such as myself
that's for Halloween you won't touch it
you go touch the dragon gets breathing
fire she's scared I cannot believe it's
almost Halloween Liza what what are you
gonna be for Halloween Liza you're gonna
be a princess
we're gonna need one of those too you
hold on to that okay check this up I'm
gonna go to a different approach with
these bees let's just try and trap them
right this is a yellowjacket wasp Hornet
and yellow jacket trap you think that's
gonna work Liza we're gonna catch them
bees right I want to clean the outside
of my house I can't because there's
still bees so let's see if we can't
catch them instead of waiting for them
to take that this wing
it's okay
Oh touch it you want that one oh boy
honey daddy's supposed to try how am I
supposed to look like you know manly
with a cart like it's fun you want
princess you want it you got it that's
for you say bye barely know where he's
going tonight is the perfect night for
taco it's not Tuesday though it's not
Tuesday Liza she's turning into such a
funny little girl I came with taking
little lies I just got our first taste
of Starbucks she's hooked for life huh
there's no code there's no coffee in it
it's just look let me just show you real
quick how active this thing is now watch
how many bees are coming in and out of
there
it's insane this is bad this is real bad
I'm done playing around with you beasts
it's over it's over I'm gonna get the
flamethrower I have a real fear that
like I have books up here on top of on
top of like the the awning right I can
hang this like right below the hive and
there's some serious attractant in here
it says so if I hang it right there
they're definitely gonna smell it and to
be fair I tried the Sevendust method
again the first time I tried it I used
like just like store-bought lunch meat
those prepackaged I didn't feel like
that was actual meat and they didn't go
for it so I actually put hamburger in a
little Bowl up there with Sevendust on
it same thing it doesn't even look like
it's touched so we're gonna try the
reusable white wrap pray for me okay so
it says bake the bottom chamber first
place felt bad into center of bottle cap
cut sip of attracted to carefully empty
extracted liquid onto felt head screw
bottle cap back in place set travel on
flat surface bait the top chamber pop
open lid to attract Abomasnow
into one of the three notches next on
cone for attractive bottle contents into
chamber and water to top chambers so
solution reaches start line and one to
two drops dishing liquid screw top cap
back on and hang trap outdoor that's it
that's the trap I feel like I'm holding
a nuclear warhead right now like at any
moment I'll full high of out front right
like 20 feet away from me it's coming
through the door inside yeah I'm so
scared all right let's get this thing
hung up okay
there it is track the set boys got the
set
does it go in are they chasing you don't
know what it is but stinging insects
creep me out man like just the fact that
that little thing can land on you and
bite you and sting you up so gross okay
now it's been a lot as you know every
Wednesday Friday and Sunday I've do live
streams on Twitch if you're new here you
probably wouldn't know that but we play
live with you guys we chat we hang out
we just have fun it is Wednesday and it
is time for live streaming Oh
tacos oh I'm late I know
okay you guys all cuddled up on the
chair together see Liza change her dress
yeah she's a dress girl how was your day
my love planner I don't know why but
it's my favorite thing ever to just put
I put Doritos like taco Doritos in the
ball melt some cheese on there a little
bit of lettuce tomato man the best way
to have it just grab a fork I'm come do
they call that like walking tacos or
something like that
what time is it I don't know what it is
but the past couple days I've been
really really like soaking up all this
family time with allies especially
because she's home during the day but
just men just hanging out with the
family and being together it's been
super refreshing considering all the
travel that we've done lately and all
the time spent away it's soft man it's
tough to hop on a plane and just go
somewhere and be without you know your
family for any extended period of time
I'll tell you what man these moments
right here when I get to come home and
actually just like be together with
everyone they're the best see I'm just
getting her babes and I guess get the
kids ready for school and everything you
guys gotta hurry dude let's go we go
we're ladies there's always no matter
how late you are there's always time for
twenty one pilots but have a great day I
love you and just like that the kids are
off to school
waking up baby Eliza kissing the wife
goodbye and delivering my little
princess to the babysitter which brings
us to the end of today's video guys I
hope you like to really kind of like
downer super chill family vibes going on
the vlogs lately I try to really focus
on like subject specific videos anymore
but sometimes it's just nice to really
just chill out and enjoy the family time
I have to get this office clean it's
been a minute and there's some serious
work to be done in here I mean look
there's just stuff everywhere it's kind
of it's kind of crazy
my friends I hope you've had an amazing
week I can't wait to see you in the next
vlog thank you so much for watching
we'll see you
next time
