what's up guys welcome to today we're
getting down to the wire on the office
as far as like seasonal temperature
right we have to come up with a heat
source in order for us to be able to
work out there so I've done a lot of
homework
basically it boiled down to a mini split
system which is a ductless air system
quite expensive a traditional furnace
which is very expensive and wood or
pellet stoves we're about to go and
check out a pellet stove and what the
difference is between wood and pellet
can mean so every day is going well
welcome to mine so last night I was up
till 2 o'clock in the morning throw in
some extra mud on the on the walls and
ceiling because after I sanded I
realized that I took a little bit too
much off and I started showing a little
tape and my buddy Cody's coming today to
help primer all the ceiling in the wall
I may have decided against texturing the
wall or the ceiling but I don't know
we'll determine that after I primer I'm
still in the fence about it I don't know
a little bit of the mud is still wet so
we have to kill some time that's why
we're researching these stoves right now
ok so we're back in the office and it's
time Cody's just showed up Cody will
sound out Cody there's Cody so basically
what we have to do we have to sand a
little bit all the stuff I did some like
spot a spot mudding to where like I said
earlier I sanded down a little too far
so we're gonna have to sand a little bit
and then we can finally primer
and I made a decision on our heat source
so basically for this year we're gonna
get the pellet stove and the pellet
stove will heat up to 1,500 square feet
it is a more regulated heat as opposed
to like a wood-burning stove so I think
what we're gonna do is we're gonna put
this pellet stove that I'll get later
today we'll go pick it up pellet stoves
gonna go here in this corner and it'll
be kind of cool because it's a it
doesn't require any ducts
so it'll blow the heat right into this
room which is great and and it'll look
kind of cool we'll have a little
fireplace in here I think that kind of
look cool stuff so yeah we're getting
you guys we're getting it
let's keep me fine
oh we we got we got the palace toe there
it is that's the guy my main concern is
that's heavy coating what you didn't
lift it what you lift it in the stores
you couldn't lift that by yourself it's
pretty nothing yeah it's really really
heavy so like the harder parts gonna be
when we get back
getting it out without for you it's I've
been personally waiting the county does
this for a living right Toby's cleaning
service anyone local hit up my dude he
does the best work and Cody's teaching
me how to load the nap I was like what's
a nap
we exaggerate but now I live here
right now
: you done a good job getting all that
stuff painted look at all this you know
time it's all we're honest this last
wall here and then the ceiling
that's our primer we were just looking
at it look at that that already looks
infinitely better like you can actually
start to see this place come alive I
just got the kids fed showered and
bathed and they're all my food is ready
for bed
Frank : Tom good night my a until
everyone good night good night everybody
everybody I know we should probably
close like garage door your bugs in
there wet paint
well guys look at that that is something
special right there so you're looking at
a primed area so this is all primer
ready for color the biggest problem is I
still haven't decided before color I
really don't know but I do know in the
future I'm thinking about like and this
is where maybe some of you can come in
anybody out there it does like graffiti
art ideally someone who lives in the
Ohio area I would love to have that wall
reserved for graffiti art piece and I
think that would be something special
what do you think cynic yeah so my idea
is to do like put YouTube in the center
as like the centerpiece and then Gilroy
vlogs legends of Austin Gilroy how to
because as you know this office space is
designed to help me be more productive
and more money able to create more
content
all those chimps though I really want
this street art type thing going on I
want to make the floors look like it's a
roadway so that epoxy stuff right so
it's black and then as far as wall color
not exactly sure but I do want to say
before the battery dies Kody Piper thank
you so much for your help man Cody Sam
I'll say it all day and all night
Cody's a man kotas a man thanks Cody
left and I promised everyone that I
would live stream at 10 o'clock I had to
push tonight's live stream to 10 because
we were busy out there
I was streaming for an hour and in that
hour I sat down and I'm comfortable and
now I feel like I'm literally I'm
exhausted
what started first as a vision if you
remember back to when we first got the
building and we were just talking about
creating an office and that was a wide
open space now we have a finished room
pretty much with its first coat of
primer paint on the wall
and like this is the point in that
project we're like all that hard work
pays off I'm happy that the office is
almost done but I can't wait to be
finished building it oh boy
good morning guys I'll tell you one
thing I got seven hours of sleep last
night and I feel fantastic so uh I'm
about to take Liza to the babysitter and
today will probably be one of the last
super nice it's gonna be like 80 degrees
today so it desperately need to tackle
take a break from the office and tackle
a very important task today and that is
closing the pool don't know what I'm
doing but there is a local pool shop
that's gonna help me so I gotta take a
water test great good bye bye sweetie
okay why are you chewing on your hand
don't chew on your hand this uh water
test that's our pool water yeah look at
her she likes rocks okay
are you excited speechless what's good
about Eliza's babysitter is that she
takes care of a couple other kids so
there's like kids here for her to play
with and she has fun and there's toys
and his games and it's just it's fun Oh
Eliza yeah so before we get too far into
the day and we have another situation
like we had earlier this week that my
friends is where we're gonna leave
before today we will be tackling closing
the pool so make sure you don't miss
that tomorrow it should give you some
insight on like if you have an
above-ground pool what you have to do to
get it ready for winter so thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
