I'm just playing guys what's up good
afternoon welcome to the vlog look look
here's what here's what's happening let
me show you something see this this
sanding stick thing I got right so you
start sanding start standing right he's
going up and look at that sometimes
you're not holding enough pressure you
go down you come up and it just totally
digs up the drywall sure anyone out
there who's done drywall does this stuff
her living anyone anyone gonna help me
out please
what's the best way to do the sanding
because clearly there's a lot to do I
got three coats of mud on all of this
you've got two coats on that cuz you
guys know this went up after so if only
got one more coat to put on that and
then everything's ready to be Santa but
it's tricky trying to get a head start I
was gonna start on the ceiling but I
mean I'm just I'm at a time the kids
just got home from school and it's time
to go pick up baby Liza I'm feeling a
little better from the cold been trying
to drink a lot of fluids taking some
flonase but uh I just can't you know you
can't stop can't stop won't stop look at
me
I'm covered from head to toe with
drywall mud drunk will probably kill me
if she sees me go in the house like this
how was school yeah well listen we gotta
go pick up baby lies okay let's go let's
go
what guys I did the sunflower seeds you
in try one you go to crack them open
okay he's fresh yep i salt to doom and
everything they're good however it's
very difficult to do this one-handed
crack oh okay nice and salty yeah
they're actually nice and salty really
really good wish we had bigger seats but
the good salty yeah good now you can
have all the sunflower seed you want all
right let's go get Liza
so I thought some of you might be
interested to know I had a buddy of mine
come over who does electricity for a
living yesterday morning came over quite
early before we got the vlog started and
he checked over my work I called him
last week I was like hey man I just want
to make sure you know that everything I
did is good and I'm not gonna like burn
down my building or anything tastes he
laughed at me and so he showed up and
he's like yeah man everything was great
and so next weekend he's gonna come over
and we are gonna try he says he's got a
bunch of like cat5 cat6 cable which he
used for like networking for one for
Internet
so we're gonna try and run probably 100
foot maybe of cat6 cable from my modem
out into the garage to see if to see if
that would work before the internet
because otherwise I'm gonna have to go
at Time Warner I talked to them they
said that they would have to give me a
whole complete new separate service
which kind of stinks but either way
excuse me but either way we have to do
whatever it takes to get Internet out
there and start thinking about like the
whole finished process the buildings of
the building process is pretty much done
now we're going to start finishing it
and there's our baby I lie they say go
bye-byes don't eat it
yucky no all right so we're getting this
we came to Liz for some supplies and
we're getting this this is a sanding
sponge or a sanding block right it's
kind of soft and then I do have
sandpaper for that big stick but these
are handheld so we'll have a little bit
more control we'll try and not get the
skipping that we're seeing there that
was really a pain in the butt get low
and it starts skipping on you we can't
do that can't do that all right guys
let's go I just ordered pizza I'm pretty
excited because a soft commercial for
pizza hut was having this grilled cheese
stuffed crust pizza and a bacon and
cheese stuffed crust pizza told me I had
to try that looks so good sitting on the
front seat one of the hardest things for
me to do right now is to not open that
box and need a piece of oh I'm driving
cuz happy irresponsible but I'm gonna
save some of my batteries you can save
your better
that's good battery conservation is very
important this lady just showed up
hi guys she finished the barn I'm sorry
how's the grilled cheese one it's
delicious yeah you go to eat it
backwards that's the whole thing huh
how's that one bite off by two pieces
that that's hurt a big chunk of cheese
is I want to see the bacon in there I'm
excited about the bacon I love bacon
bacon baked it it's bad guy yeah I'm
gonna say both of these new pizzas are
really really good the bacon stuffed
crust okay
the grilled cheese stuffed crust that's
a winner
that's a winner y'all I can't believe
how dark it gets so early now fall man
it's that time of year shorter days yeah
kids are out here playing with the dogs
heck oh girl you got some stuff Crosby's
a girl alright go get dad oh yeah angel
you want some stuffed crust pizza girl
oh we were talking with the boys you
know what do you want to be for
Halloween and one of them said clown and
immediately because everything is going
on like have you guys heard about the
whole clown situation that's taking over
America it's insane like I personally
haven't seen anything like it
but I have seen a video surface that
originated from very close to where we
live and it's kind of its kind of freaky
I'd be interested to hear your take on
that like the whole clown situation
that's needless to say I don't think the
boys don't one of the boys will be
dressing up as class what are you
wearing look that's your big toe
sticking out who put those honor
ring socks right there even though she
only has a couple stood the impression
she's a little cranky hey there's got
the kids in bed we're done for the night
I'm sitting here on the couch like for
some reason some days I start to feel
better like all the sinus issues and
everything I got rid of that you still
have this lingering like cough but now
my stomach is like super upset I'm ready
to be over this getting sick fret whoa
Chiefs hasn't been in the house for a
minute so let's go see what he's doing
there he is
honey hi Jamie sanding to have the storm
yeah you probably should it's kind of
dusty up here it's all over me
yeah so yeah this is sort race has been
I guess out here working oh my god whoa
you were just were you sanding him no
but I was really close to a holy cow
it's a big spider
that's huge hey hon do you want I will
come back and check on you in a little
bit you can for all here squat down
you're sure you get a little dusty when
you're sanding drywall oh good news my
buddy Cody right now he has a painting
business good friend of mine I worked
with him at Papa booties for a long long
time I said hey man
I'm doing his project and I could use
some expertise in the paint part he's
like no worries I'll be there tomorrow
jiya I was gonna be honest though so I
gotta hurry up and do all the sanding
and make sure that we read it because we
paint aha
yes what color what colors are gonna be
like Lisa need to get the primer el
primer yet but we're doing it we're
doing guys we're really doing it are we
hairy
yeah guys I am a powdery mess look at me
I can't even I can't even touch the
camera I had to have Carson set it up
and that means that it's already 3:30
and we got to end today's vlog so we
could start a new one
finish sandy we're painting tomorrow I'm
pretty excited that guys unfortunately
is where I'm going leave before today
sorry today's vlog was a little bit
short uneventful but this is almost done
and that's something the thumbs up for
thank you guys so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
