what are you doing honey um we're gonna
harvest the sunflower seeds okay okay
yeah there's a lot of them in there
there's a lot of there hmm
once all the leaves are like falling off
in the maximum our yellow we're ready to
go
what's up guys hope your day is doing
good that's right today we're gonna
teach you guys how to harvest your
sunflower seeds yeah I like sunflower
seeds the boys really like some person
so drunk so we're gonna take these seeds
and we actually have to go to my mom's
but we'll show you what we're gonna do
even over there it's really really
simple
what's mom and got Liza what we're doing
look at Liza's - - ha you wonder where -
too lazy to - yeah mm-hmm you go take
those cup sunflower heads you're gonna
cut them off and put them in this paper
bag not plastic
there you go try that oh yeah good job
you can help your sunflower seeds dry
out or you can let them do it naturally
to help them dry out yourself you want
to put a brown paper bag and not plastic
because plastic will create condensation
and your sunflower seeds cut mold so use
a paper bag and just put it up put it up
over the flower head and then you can
actually crimp it and tie it or whatever
but these are already dry so we don't
have to worry about that I mean since
already dry we're just gonna put them in
this bag and then once we get to my
mom's we'll take those out of the bag
knock all the seeds off and you got to
boil them in salt water
okay so clue you in today is a special
day because it is my baby sister man
whisper
bang and some family from in town that
we haven't seen for a long long time
it's even hard for me remember like I
guess I was in a row dressing toast I
don't think I've stairs oh yeah I can't
remember what I was doing but you
haven't seen her for literally decade
almost or more zelich doughnuts for
dinner good thank you
it's Amazon you know you're Dallas right
now with this fall color combination
brown undershirt so we got a gray and
orange checkered over shirt long shirt
sleep button sleep Oh grandfather please
look this is the lasagna monster right
here's to love some Sun you like that
little paper towel it looks like a jumbo
toilet paper roll for those really
extreme sessions we had lasagna which
was delicious look this is too full pans
just a minute ago look how much leftover
ham which isn't bad actually that's not
bad but we've moved on to coffee and
check this out I used to have cured by
don't anymore because I like full pots
rather than just cups but look what we
have here this coffee is already got
creamer in it it's a donut shop donut
shop sweetened cream nutty hazelnut the
Keurig k-cup game has a fruit since I
was in
oh it smells so good hmm you guys get
along well alive them Silas
fighting over a round cherry cousins
that's that's normal behavior for cousin
yeah who's that your birthday cake
yeah what's mine isn't it party it's a
lot of chocolate in there that's all
talking with okay you can do that what's
your okay hey what's up with this
freezer that's pretty stacked it's time
for cake and ice cream
yes mom's hurt and she said from her
heard a the flow didn't last you long
huh oh she needs work guys she's got
surgery soon
let's do cake and ice cream to talk
about your healing after okay
okay and we got to do salt with
sunflower seeds hey so you want some
cake go away what are you doing in my
pocket you little monster
what are you doing in my pockets ah I'm
gonna one-hand it it'll safe it slides
everything's ruined and it'll be my
fault but I'm pretty boss so here we go
happy birthday all right happy birthday
to you yeah
oh yeah
it wasn't it yeah are you telling
everyone bye sweet old Lincoln bye bye
Lincoln bye Chloe bye Kelly Kelly Chloe
hi honey
bye daddy say bye Chad
say Chad Wow yep bye Chad realizes
saying bye to everyone is that not the
cutest thing ever
hey so cute we just want to squeeze
they're looking mmm
what egg good grandpa showed you a
shortcut huh the pump will show you eat
all that icing huh she found this little
treasure chest of icing around here
I think we're out of time our seas know
just try to pick up flies
oh she picked her up but she quickly
take her hey hey hey real quick and I
say I love mine every say hi to the
Internet right
Emery Cocoa Florida yeah from Cocoa nice
to be in Ohio with everybody
are you sure oh there's a lantern I want
coffee on down the sidewalk yeah I like
to go just taking grandma poppy wear
them to their apartment
and then dark out there yeah they have a
light for us show them the way
Liza are you okay say no night I would
tell them good night Jesus hey good
night
Connie's good night wait words hmm can't
talk glad ears good night mm-hmm
okay so we want to finish our sunflower
seeds tutorial part of today's video and
basically we're getting everything ready
so I've got it said two quarts of water
and then a half a cup of salt and
obviously if you have like a ton of
seeds from your sunflowers you'll want
to use more multiple containers but
basically we still have our sunflower
seeds attached to the flower and we want
to knock them off the ones towards the
outer edge are the ones you really want
to target these ones closer to here you
can see they're like they're not really
anything and they don't start getting to
be a good seed quality till about like
right around the
it's really just uh you know brush your
fingers across them and wiggle them out
all right we've got our salty water
solution and we're using sea salt
it's very nice and then you want to take
once you take all your seeds off rinse
them off really good so it washes away
all that bacteria from being outside
right bacteria bacteria airborne
Nierenberg poop bird poop whatever you
know you never know
so we've rinsed them off and this is one
of the last step before you can actually
eat it or you can eat them right now
they just don't taste for you I actually
ate one it tastes fine and just not
salted yeah it's bland super flat just
tastes like a sunflower seed yeah so now
we're just gonna take these and put them
in the salt water and let them soak
overnight there is an alternative method
where you can boil them for two hours if
you're gonna roast them immediately but
I mean nobody got time for that now that
the seeds are in a salty bath it's gonna
take all night long for there to soak up
all that juicy salt in it so that when
you crack them up and eat them you get
that salty flavor so we've got a little
time to kill and now that they've soaked
all night we need to drain them yeah so
just strain them using a colander or
strainer and you don't want to rinse
them because you'll rinse off all the
salt enos on the outside we want that to
stay just put them in there let them
drain off for a second and then we're
going to roast them in the oven
we want to lay them on a baking sheet
try and spread them out so it's just one
layer look at all those seeds we got we
got a ton of seeds this is like enough
to fill one of those packages you'd find
at the store alright so lay them all out
as good as you can you want to pre-heat
your oven to 300 K once your oven is
preheated 310
light or in and it says to stir
occasionally so throughout the process
and some probably twice in between your
30 to 40 minutes you want to take the
pan out and just kind of move the seeds
around and stuff it says they'll get
golden brown but I think you'll notice
more that they get like much more white
because the salt content and yeah then
you have your own homemade salty
sunflower seed so you don't have to salt
them you can just leave them plain but
it does say that if you are going to
leave them plain you want to make sure
for certain that they're very very dry
so you want to leave them dry in a paper
bag for as long as possible and that's
to prevent mold growth and stuff like
that you don't eat mold so we've got our
sunflower seeds all done come back
tomorrow we'll show you I'll give a
taste test and show you how how good
they turned out I'm pretty sure they're
gonna be just fine
today's Monday so it's time to smash
some more progress in the office bran
has gone to work today baby lies it out
to the sitter it's time to get some
stuff done so that my friends is where I
will leave you for today I hope you guys
start off your week as productive as
possible keep moving towards those goals
because I know that's what I'm going to
be doing thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
