what's up guys has everyone here today
just finished well third coat of mine
we're almost there
right so quick shower and change I had
to hurry up and leave just enough time
after I finished working to take a
shower and I gotta go pick up my mom
because today I am doing some little
special for my mom if you guys remember
a while back I think it was probably a
month or so ago we Veronica and I did
that meditation float pot and ever since
that my mom's been asking about herself
I'm about to pick her up and we're gonna
pamper my mom a little bit here we are
at mama house mama how she got Dalek man
sometimes these dogs they do the
business in there which is bad a teller
man got trained him dogs mom's gonna
have back surgery and how long a week
two weeks back surgery yeah well so are
you ready are you all ready to
experience the ultimate end the ultimate
son yes no you're gonna yeah it'll be
way better than a clean dog pee oh no
that way is this the best one
yeah like really Dakota detours the
veneer running perfectly on time it's
not cool not cool mom
this rain is really bad but check out
the coolest thing I've seen today has
anyone else ever seen a car with three
windshield wipers look at that
three wipers going at it
my man will be checking out Wow hold the
salt everywhere
oh good 20 minutes I'm kidding no how
are you ollie I'm good to see you again
we're in the queue right and I know
queue now because of my English friend
James Q means waiting waiting for a
gentleman to come out of here and then
it's time for my mom to experience flow
for the first time yeah you ready to
introduce her to floaties
talk to her about what she can expect
and all that she's gonna love it
mm-hmm oh my gosh you guys since the
last time we were here they have done
amazing things in here look this whole
office space now
hey everyone say hi Oh Leila all these
rooms were under construction and now
they're all finished
these are all massage rooms and they're
very well what do you call that designed
yeah very well designed I like it I like
it
let me show you guys this mat was
working on this yoga classroom
the last time we were here and look how
awesome that turned out what that's Zen
mat that is Zen I love it
everything looks awesome did you do most
of this yourself
majority of it see Matt's like me we're
like no we don't need to pay for how to
do that when they do it ourselves
did you do the ceiling I did not ah I'll
get right dude the ceiling in my office
not exactly like that but yeah did you
okay
all right mom are you ready still man
yeah do you even know what to expect
yeah you have your own color you can
have your own color to hang out and
while you're in there yeah my favorite
was the blue cuz I'm yeah green red
cause you're a guy that's English pink
color the blue aqua lavender yellow and
white which ones are gonna be I don't I
think you should do green is very helium
yeah you should heal yeah you know yeah
yeah you should heal green is the one
mom's mom's had a lot of things go on
late last year yeah so she needs some
real viola
we'll see you in an hour enjoy yourself
and heal mentally and the
is to clean all that stuff okay bye now
what are you wait do it again I think
they need to see this I'm literally
she's in here cleansing with bells what
is that tibetan bells I don't know how
that sounds like camera for you but that
sounds incredibly weird here it's
beautiful
immediately I was like what - I thought
it was a summer I got a text message
early mom is almost done I actually
brought some of my stuff to capture some
cool footage for these guys and she's
got what right ten minutes left now I
can't wait to see what her reaction is
what do you think her reaction will be
how was it yeah
did you fall asleep
No well good I'm glad you're relaxed you
hungry let's go get some food okay eat
that course do you think okay all right
let's go
wait you're really giving this me given
this me you're giving this to Veronica
yeah
really oh really cool dude named Jim
funk made him handmade oh nice
the target board there was some pictures
oh yeah there showed me this this little
table this guy man check this out this
is awesome how cool is that I love that
and he made this bench in here look at
this I don't know why but I really
really like him super rustic I decided
to bring mom doing my hair places in the
whole entire world Redknapp would be fun
listen mom's about to try one on soccer
you guys know I love one on top of the
track the track she was like what's on
it what's on it totally try it and then
tell me what you think I won't home you
eat me I really like a real big theme
song it's fine it works it worked
I won't film you eating
what do you think what do you think all
right we just finished dinner it was
delicious and it's pretty much this
spinach artichoke it's all the flight
takeout oh my gosh look how foggy it is
it's little time for me to get home it's
pretty late mom did you have fun
what do you mean are you serious
everyone say night mom no they never
Veronica calls me on the way home she
says will you do me a super huge big
gigantic favor and I said what she says
would you get some diapers we buy more
diapers oh my goodness I : and the girls
are dancing in the garage are you
washing windows
Veronica washes windows when she has
adult beverages it's funny no what about
me
are they are they sitting on the juice
they're wasted it's 8:30 we have a 5k
run today we can have these made for the
race or happening what's the matter all
the sadness sensitivities back Oh hurt
just shove it Bull of Egg McMuffin
there's no bacon they forgot the
Canadian bacon is just literally egging
on who prepares for a 5k run with
McDonald's who does that everyone showed
up so we do have a squad going and we
have sponsored a team
the gladiators us so Josh and Samantha
Scott and Lindsay me and B nizzle and
amber we do have about what 40 minutes
no we have exactly one hour until
registration closes so we're gonna we
have to saddle up ponies what's the
matter
did that is in big trouble too right
that was yours yes it was Oh beverage
sitting just right here oh we're running
late and it's got make sure navigating
running and he goes around this corner
kind of fast and this upset upset on his
lap and when I went to grab it the cup
buckled so the lid popped off all over
his shirt there's nothing a sticky hands
it's fine I'm okay so it's no way that's
okay your shirts are it's gonna get
stained anyways today
one good dog 5k in the bag job we are
all completely destroyed dirty this
stuff is like oh it was fun it was fun
and it's like powdered sugar almost you
can taste it and there's been literally
beast chasing us the whole time
so uh so yeah we finished it we got our
little banana medals and now we're
hungry so we're gonna go to a restaurant
and eat just like this on the way here
Veronica freaking dropped her entire
iced tea in my butt but I just realized
that we're getting pretty far into the
next day so I think that my friends is
wet it's a good place to leave you for
today right there there's a being here
to be in here we'll pick up right here
in tomorrow's video we're gonna go to a
restaurant and see if they turn us away
but uh that is it you guys we completed
the 5k run you got to do that if you if
the flavor run comes to your town you
got to try it it's definitely a huge
huge blast so that my friends is where
we leave before it today pick up right
here tomorrow thank you so much for
watching we'll see you right back here
