hey guys welcome to the vlog just
finishing the last of these lights check
it out I'll show you how Martin she
thought
all that crap side strip our wires move
it up inside there curl these guys over
no guard a light fixture here just a
simple you know ceramic light bulb
holder and that's it your boys an
electrician so how is everyone today I
hope you guys are doing well look at our
area it's a rainy goo sucks but there's
no worries because it's perfectly dry in
here and I'm getting stuff done so as
you saw in the last video I had just
wired up this switch and ran the wires
all the way there
I've now like ran it along that beam and
they go out to each light the only part
that's left is hooking it up to the fuse
box
it is super sketchy working on this huge
panel so the first thing I'm going to do
kill everything
all right
it's time to flip the rig around I put
some lightbulbs over there let's slip
this on and see if we get in power so it
comes tested power there here's here's
the light switch power no power this is
the load line so this is the line that
comes from the fuse box and this is the
return line so the switch is breaking
the circuit this is what leads the power
to the rest of those lights and now for
the moment of truth
I have a better angle for both this wick
and lights ready I'm gonna turn this
right here we go we got one of those
light and switches so you can see when
it's on Hey look at that look what I've
done here Anya make sure you were alive
I told her I was like since the message
electricity you might want to come check
on me every like 15 minutes or so very
top of this ladder like oh that I'm not
worried about but that is awesome okay
jumping right through it all the wiring
is pretty much standard I did have a
double pole 30 right here and I swapped
it out with the 15 which was running the
line that now I had dropped down and
installed these outlets three outlets
that I've already tested works
perfect so now that we have these
outlets in place and that light switch
and all these lights around I can
finally hang the drywall over the box
because I won't need to run anything
else in there I may just run an auxilary
line up to the we'll call it the Attic
just in case in the future I need more
power or another dedicated circuit for
over there but as far as all that goes I
think we're finally ready to finish out
this corner and then most of it will be
done hey everyone welcome inside I was
fixing dinner and it's tacos so it's
super simple easy to make I made a nice
little taco salad me Liza what's the
matter
the crabs won't get you she's afraid
because the crabs are actually out
living around and she looked over and
seen that one climbing and she's like oh
it won't be you I promise
no no there's two crabs kids arm bed I
am in here working on these tutus for
this 5k race this week I'm going to show
you guys how I was doing that chases out
on the garage mudding more he still
needs a couple more coats on that so
I'll try to show you guys just take it
and you fold it in half and then you
take it over top of your ribbon and
you're gonna pull it through the loop
and then pull it tight you can see that
it's on there and then you just keep
going and then you can scrunch them all
together so it fills out more
okay sorry the battery died earlier but
I finished a tutu and and I have raised
tutus I scared him while I was in there
making my tutu Chase has been out here
all night putting the second coat on all
of the seams for the drywall listen to
me listening I've just figured out a
solid technique
as long pinkies out job honey I'm proud
of you I'm still proud of all the work
you've done instantly actually some
people commented said something earlier
even awfully some people are like this
is the best clothes ever but uh no it's
hard it's hard but this will be done
soon I'm working oh yeah that's what
time it is
eggs and Tabasco someone if you haven't
tried this yeah I want you to try it
today you should try that today today
right now today try it today eggs
Tabasco try it today because it's good
and it's hot hot I've had some coffee
what I'm pretty dark
I've been tanning no good what are you
up to today what are you gonna do hold
on on that note I see people comment all
the time mom all mama looks like Romans
grandma are they the same person yes
mama is Veronica's grandma Veronica and
Brittany's grandma
okay Bernie is my sister yeah pretty
sure
mom's mom right Veronica's actually
taken the graphic file to a guide to
make t-shirts for and we would use my
Michigan team buddy we're doing the
flavor run 5k thing this weekend so
excited about it and I'm stoked like
okay I ran a 5k before I used to run
cross country that wasn't high school
but anyway I had to toss some ideas that
I can't forget yesterday and before we
in today's video we're gonna have this
serious conversation okay so I made some
notes not actually this is the first
time I've actually made notes to finish
a portion of that I'm at the vlog but so
basically I wanted to talk to you guys
last night I put a lot of thought into
this as I was out here mudding about
myself and just getting work done
the office is nearing completion and I
wanted to get your guys's feedback on
the future direction of you know the
channel as a whole I came up with an
idea this office building and I was
brave enough to actually pursue it and
it's finally starting to come together
so as we near completion and I'm just
sitting back like okay this is a great a
great life lesson to be learned like me
you want something you have to work hard
to get it and it doesn't happen
overnight you know you have to put in a
lot of hard work to see a little bit of
result so so you have goals and you set
these goals and you want to reach them
and if they're huge goals they may seem
unattainable but you'll never achieve it
unless you put in the work you have to
take one step and then take another step
and then keep walking in towards the
direction of your goals
ultimately the reason I created this
space is because I want to be able to
secure something
outside of YouTube and that means I want
to create a business which I already
have where we do an offer video
production to local businesses and if if
the business grows big enough we could
eventually service other businesses
outside of this the current state I want
to bring in my buddy Scotty and I want
to bring in Dallas because Dallas is
interested in recording music Scotty's
interested in doing the video stuff we
can call the office the main hub Gilroy
headquarters if you will that we can I
can teach Scotty and I can teach Dallas
and we can have equipment to facilitate
the growth of their water was it so this
place isn't only just for me I want to
be able to help people like my dad has
always been the type of person if anyone
needs any kind of help and if he can
help you he will and I've always been
that way so I want to be able to help
Scotty get out of that daily grind
nine-to-five type of job that he really
doesn't like and then Dallas needs some
direction in his life so I'm gonna be
able to offer that to him and I just
want to be able to have a place that I
can use to help people grow and on the
subject of growth this leads me to the
questions that I want to ask you it
makes more sense for me to create
playlists so that there's only one spot
you go to find our videos and you can
see it all categorized by playlists so
basically when the office is finished I
plan to create an upload schedule for
each of those types of videos because I
like creating other videos aside from
vlog are there new types of videos that
you want to see us do so as we're
categorized by playlists would you like
to see us start doing food prep videos
where we show you how to make different
meals or snacks or any kind of food
related videos I have even thought of
trying to create a married life type
skit videos just quick funny little
videos that relate to married life and
how couples go from the dating phase two
married phase and how the difference is
between the two I just think they'd be
really funny yeah so basically guys life
is all about progression
and growing and being more creative for
me is something that I'm on a clear path
to achieve and I think that this space
is gonna definitely do that
clearly my head is completely wrapped
around this project at the moment so I'm
on a really big push to get it finished
so that we can move on and start with
the growth and progression of our
YouTube careers right so your feedback
is definitely very very appreciated and
I think you guys for taking the time to
make any comments about what we just
said and then I do want to say that
tomorrow I will not be posting a video
because the weekend is going to be quite
busy Friday I have something special for
my mom which you'll get to see Saturday
and then Saturday we have the 5k run the
flavor run which I'm kind of excited for
I mean that's pretty cool so yeah that
my friends is where we will leave you
for today thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here Saturday
