what up guys welcome to the vlog how to
stop at the home-improvement store and
get some things so we're doing some more
work today can't get anything down
though the wings yeah so while working
yesterday my dad made a good point which
was before we finished the back side of
the interior wall that we put up inside
the garage if I want any outlets on that
wall now is probably the best time to do
that we do need to apply a second coat
of drywall mud and then we will run the
electric for those outlets and future
lights to go on the ceiling on the other
side okay so periodically some of you
guys send mail we do have a peel box
it's it's listed in the description
below but sometimes you guys really send
some awesome stuff and I have started
pre-screening packages that we open for
the jml live videos so I want you guys
to see how incredibly epic this is be
prepared to be blown away this is
incredible you know the best packages
have these little peanuts inside right
so I start pulling peanuts out and I'm
beginning to discover what exactly this
is
behold the most awesome thing I've ever
received in the mail look at that whoa
this is a centerpiece for sure belongs
in the office the embodiment of
everything will stand for the gladiator
symbol we as people as a community are
gladiators in the game of life
and this is our beacon how do we make
this fit in the office is it a desk
piece you tell me tell me in the
comments below what do we do with this
incredible piece of art I love this I
love it I love it I love it where you
think echo echo was just barking at me
check me out I'm ready for battle okay
so I had to sit down and do the edit for
today and I was actually talking to
Dennis and Dennis was telling me a
couple of things about some YouTube
changes and I thought I might convey
those to you guys there's been a change
in YouTube that by default a default
selection says that occasionally you get
updates about your subscriptions this
goes the same not only for me but for
all your favorite creators so anyone
that you're subscribed to you you want
to do this so that you always see the
videos that they posted so here's the
thing so login to your YouTube account
and go up to your avatar here and then
click that little gear right there boom
and then when you get to the next page
you want to go to notifications and then
you want to scroll down till you see
this part right here occasionally notify
me of new videos and activity from my
subscriptions so basically that means
they'll only occasionally notify you
when a new video is posted from one of
your subscriptions you want to uncheck
that so that every time someone you're
subscribed to uploads a video you get
notified and you'll like it says here
you'll always get notifications that
you've turned on for individual channels
on mobile if you see this little bell
icon right here on my channel or
innocent anyone's Channel and that we're
using Dennis's as an example you want to
hit that little bell icon and make sure
it says so it says get notified of new
uploads from this channel yes turn that
on and then you have to allow
notifications boom just like that we
should be notified every time Denis
uploads a new video and you know it's on
because the icon will change to that if
you never want to miss a video by me or
any of your other favorite creators on
YouTube make those changes so you don't
miss a beat let's move on it's time to
do some work so we've got a second coat
of drywall for that alarm means it's
time to go pick up Eliza so I can get
back here before Colin gets off the bus
and then Carson you see guys that's
that's a big issue that I face every
single day on any given day I have a
million things to take care of
and not one thing can I fully focus and
complete aside from editing the vlog so
literally when I got here this morning
I dropped baby lies off I traveled to
Lowe's I and this is a big problem of
mine very indecisively look over all the
things that I might need to get like is
this outlet better than this outlet I'll
literally stand there in the aisle and
compare things to find the best you know
the best thing I should get so I get
everything I need
I would probably took the lot largest
part time everything I need go home I
edited the vlog open that package carry
the stuff into the garage only to find
that I literally had 15 seconds to
figure I had no more time I had to leave
to come pick up lines y'see what's on
you yogurt go get your belly there she
is
there's that bad girl how you doing a
big girl
alrighty then we got a very license we
gotta get calling off the bus you get
off the bus in 14 minutes think we can
do this
what Carson
what happened to your mouth I lost one
too when in math oh man I wanted to do
something cool I'm sorry dude high five
for growing up right how's the Tooth
Fairy gonna come get it echo loving you
Liza are you loving Liza echo you're so
sweet
did you miss that girl Ozzy look look if
she still has I'll show you clips
throughout the day or she doesn't let
that stuff go watch Carson's first thing
he does comes in watch some ways to die
come on car said you got to do homework
or something or help me in the office
did you see how awesome that is that's
your Halloween costume I'm kidding it's
super heavy that's all that was in there
that's it isn't that awesome
that is the coolest thing anyone's ever
seen it's heavy enough man I do wet it's
got oil on it so it doesn't rust you
know we're gonna have to polish that bad
boy
Oh a spider
good job Liza you scared mommy go scare
mommy with this she was like whoa whoa
oh great brick
in case you didn't notice we're back at
the well we're at Home Depot because
Lowe's closes early and Zach's with me
and we're gonna have some bonds minute
working on the garage some more look you
gotta take care of your own trash you
don't plan don't be that guy yeah so we
literally only need just a couple more
pieces of drywall to finish what we're
doing riff did do a first coat of mud on
these two but I am a newfound pro at
mudding
now I can't say that but I do know what
I'm doing I won't move you're talking
here let's get some more tape just in
case we made some friends in here we
were super happy because Home Depot
stays open till 10:00 p.m. in case your
building late at night and you need some
supplies you go to Home Depot not Lowe's
because they closed at 9:00
blows blows hey what do you say we go do
some work yeah your apprehension is
stifling Bell's ex dead he's he's pretty
cool pretty chill guy we had to finish
this before we young any more drywall
because running this line behind it
would be awful so basically Zach what I
did
this isn't connected right it's just
it's just here right so we have a line
that I ran all the way upstairs through
the ceiling all the way over here to a
hole I drilled right and I'll staple it
to the wall
we'll come down to a switch right we'll
take a return line back up and we'll
throw it out that way for some overhead
lights
you know you had that kind of skill I
didn't either to be honest to be quite
honest do you know what time it is
12:50 a.m. and I just wanted to let you
know that I am going inside it going to
start working you don't have to stop
working but I'm just I'm just crunching
they're doing a good job and now it's
breakfast time look Veronica made these
crummy burritos for me and I did have to
pretty much wrap up and come inside and
shower it was late I had no idea
first thing first thing I know I go
outside we're doing work it's like 8
o'clock 9 o'clock 10 o'clock and then
all of a sudden it's 1 o'clock I'll tell
you what though the progress on the
garage is so so awesome I I hung out at
the door right before I'd turn off the
light last night and I just look at it
and what we've come from like just a
bare-bones building what do you think
what how does it look to you from from
out there
yeah yeah Veronica said she and Lindsey
and amber were going to paint it so good
thing is my job is almost done
they're gonna take over when it comes
time to painting it but we will have to
finish the ceiling before you can do
that because we're doing like a thing
they call it California popcorn
sylia that you have a hopper and you
spray mud kind of like this ceiling
right here you see that texture kind of
like that play the eggs in
oh there's mama mamas post-surgical guys
what happened mom all I got my I can't
remove so yes I can see better can you
not yes bran woke up at 6 o'clock 6
o'clock
early to take mama to get surgery on her
I get the cataract and removed today as
you guessed back out in the shop working
on the office I want to show you what I
did last night I think you guys are
gonna be really proud so check this out
we are in broad daylight
these lights make this room nice and
bright we've got plenty of light in here
however there is no light whatsoever out
here not a single one so the only way to
see out here is by opening the garage
door
so last night I completed my switch here
I ran a line to the box which is the
yellow line you can see dangling right
there ran a line to the box to the
switch and then we got a return line
that goes up and I will wire three
lights maybe four I am NOT I am NOT an
electrician nor do I know all the tricks
in the book about electricity but I do
know that it's very dangerous and I do
know to be very very careful I've seen
many many people do this before and I do
have a buddy that is an electrician and
I've been working with them to kind of
like walking through what to do what not
to do I just know that when I'm getting
ready to connect this to the breaker I
want to make sure the power is all the
way off and to be very safe about it so
I did get this continuity tester so if
you like touch a line it'll tell you if
it's hot or not for instance boom that's
a hot outlet this line over here and
it's hot and it's bare so this this line
is what I'll use to run down the wall
and then all the way across this wall
for outlets so that we can have power on
this X currently there's no power on
this side there's no lights on the side
it's just bad make sure you guys come
back tomorrow to see if I successfully
install a circuit or completely
electrocute myself fingers crossed
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
