hey guys good afternoon to you hope
everyone's doing well just like a baby
lies the down for a nap it's time for
her afternoon nap we're just kind of
hanging out here at home for now Jason
and his father are actually working on
the office let's go see how that's going
they've got all this done pump is
working over there we're just constantly
working mentally I'm doing all the
center bolts and their shoe bowls and
he's doing the taping of the scenes and
all that so parts are not very well hey
take a break
actually it's not break still working
still working getting the log uploaded
for you guys well it is the tabla oh
it's the toy review yeah so that's
getting uploaded for you guys right now
well by the time you're watching this
it's alright yeah I was sent on a
mission to get all the valuable stuff
inside leaving the camera chases hat
look it's covered in drywall mud in the
charger getting all dusty out there but
you guys are doing a good job yeah we're
gonna dunk yeah I have to go get Carson
from the bus there's cars
someone in my class was over it today Oh
what color was you on green that's good
a couple days ago I was on yellow that's
not acceptable it's just a reminder yeah
but you should be on the best color yeah
you should be on that every day I try
it's like hanging on by a thread
fall out soon underside no else a very
tight string around it and pull it out
absolutely not absolutely not
it'll be done number one school thanks
we're don't look at me good no one wants
to see the back your head how's it going
well it's good Kolkata feels like I've
grabbed the camera I want to make a
point
here's the thing look so you see all
these tape joints and all that stuff
uh-huh dad's the one who knows how to do
that okay try and around here
doing all the screw holding stuff and
then if we reach the plumber I was like
you know what why am I not doing it so I
tried it and I got in here and I started
laying it down and it's not that hard
actually and she focuses on what I do
and you can do a good job and so the
point I wanted to make was you see
something you don't know how to do it
don't be shy to try you know I mean
words you can do is completely mess up
and have to start over but try it you
know what I mean look look at this
corner look at this point look close
what that's a toy like a tiger okay that
looks pretty good
good job good job maybe a little heavy
on the mud but I'll be the one sanding
it so all over my life you're gonna have
to go over it yeah I'm still gonna do
two more coats but that's me I don't
want to make if you don't know how to do
something you see yourself trying to
think about want to try it do it just do
it
look at this scene real quick guys look
at this scene does that not scream fall
to you right now look here look at all
these leaves on the ground this is
insane it's like it went from summer to
fall boom just like that
look at me I'm wearing a hoodie and yeah
we're we've kind of jumped over here to
my brother's house we are well Veronica
and Samantha are working on tutus
they're gonna make their own tutus for a
collar run 5k race that we're doing this
weekend pretty cool and Josh and I are
gonna check out Jay last night or
Saturday night when J was over helping
us we were talking about the paintball
match and J gave me this nice long
barrel
he says the rifle barrel you see those
spirals that go off the end they're
supposed to help the ball fly straighter
and I haven't really shot it in the
daylight yeah so we're about to give it
a shot our targets at blue barrel right
I put the short barrel back on here just
for like reference we're gonna try and
fire off a couple shots and josh is
gonna hold it like right in line with
the gun so you can see the ball travel
see how how far it deviates one way or
the other and then we'll switch the
barrels and see you know how much
straighter it is from my perspective it
has kind of a upward arch it goes all
the different direction doesn't it
drywall mutter my gun all right longer
barrel rifle ready
I don't know man I don't know you'd
think that the difference would be
significant this barrels almost twice as
long as the original stock barrel and
it's supposed to provide you with a
little bit of I mean as it spiral I
don't think I noticed anything there is
no significant change with a longer
barrel so I mean maybe it's just for
looks so that was a pretty cool little
experiment so keep in mind the longer
barrel doesn't always mean that's gonna
fly straighter but on another note we
come put the gun away and look at this
awesome sky look what it turned into
that's pretty red that's a nice-looking
sunset I'll tell you what the days are
getting shorter shorter and shorter a
month ago at this time I would still be
broad daylight and you could still be
outside but it's quite chilly we're in a
hoodie Falls here man well eisah what's
mommy doing
really
it's her making a pretty - - oh oh
there's that it's fall people Halloween
look Josh and Sam have all their
Halloween decorations out
Aiza come here come here I'll protect
you
c'mere c'mere c'mere Eliza oh baby it's
just a toy that's all
touch it boy
nope nope nope oh gosh she's feeding the
lizards these big bad boys even the
worms Oh God
why is this and you're going crazy look
at his side now look at that the camera
doesn't even justice Wow you can see it
though
that's a chameleon Liza she's got
snapchat it read the green you see his
eyes
lorne in the fall fall is he gonna fall
it's climbing on daddy y'all can call me
group I'm just gonna lay here for a
minute
compose Marcille oh he's crazy-looking
new shave buddy it's in the same texture
this animal creates its own collar okay
guys we came over here with the purpose
of making these tutus I got the tool and
the ribbon today we're doing these for
another 5k run
Samantha's joining us and Joshua and I
thought it would be cute the girls just
up to 220 so we got this much done and I
think we're thinking we're gonna add a
few more that are longer Oh fun too -
one of those is that time guys time to
take people nice
bad we did get one too to dine we have
three more to me
get some other little accessories and
stuff for outfits and be good to go
okay flavor run ready you going tireless
you go hmm
all right hey honey I am gonna go pick
amber up and we're gonna go on a late
night Walmart trip for more stuff for
our tutus okay we needed more tool I
weigh underestimated the amount of tool
that we need for the tutus so we have to
go to Walmart to get one you're gonna
have tools for tutus yeah we have to
have tool or two - one tool tools just
one tool well I might yards yards of
tools expensive fur to tease if you
think yards of tools and screwdrivers
and hammers and saws and drills and tape
measures and all cause of me not good
think of a lot of tools to fill up your
yard full tools do you need how can you
know all that I got this I got this I
don't have Amber's back up here I think
she can back me up on these are you
gonna get a tool belt
we were making it to old bells they
advised that during the this run the
flavor run cuz there's powder and stuff
that you wear sunglasses so it keeps
them the stuff out of your eyes amber
did you pick a pair incognito those are
cute camo pink camo no no what about
these
I like those they're gonna be covered in
powdered sugar pretty much the headbands
they have wristbands to guys and I said
like I'll probably have my hair up it's
supposed to be like 67 and 70 percent
chance of rain
so this will keep our ears warm too if
we need be but I need it to be mm-hmm do
you thank camber yep
cool that's right guys so we're gonna be
running just as fast as we can oh my
goodness come Saturday no seriously
though the headbands I mean is it me
it's gonna be dress-up we're supposed to
dress up it said on the website that
tutus are encouraged not for guys oh
yeah there's guys and it is only dudes
don't wear tutus we wear like Terrigal
vests and boots and stuff not headband
some tutus seriously yeah I'll do it
under one condition what the conditions
were met Oh or that Ben hi princess
won't you god you like my headband that
daddy's super awesome headband makes you
run 15% faster than you could normally
juice
tissues that sad time a day a couple
days a week you know we take Eliza to
the babysitter so both Frank and myself
can get the things done that we need to
but
I still kind of hate it because I love
lies that I mean I don't like being
without her but it's just necessary
companies plantman
that's the cab to a hair hairspray
in a place
early
evacuated by that combination
yeah well friends that pretty much wraps
up today's video I suppose now's a good
time to end it since the star of the
show is leaving
no but seriously today's vlog will end
where tomorrow's picks up exactly so
that guys is where we will leave you for
today thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
