hey what's up guys welcome back to
another Gilroy boy's toy review today
we're reviewing the Hot Wheels sky shock
RC you're going to need help from an
adult we have a special guest and his
name is yeah that's right guys so flying
toys require a lot of practice patience
and adult supervision so what do you say
we get these things on box oh yeah let's
do it
inside the box we have a the sky shock
controller we think that is the charger
ready charger yes it's a USB charging
cable hey just leave that in the box and
don't lose it okay oh this is super nice
whenever you get a flying things
sometimes the props might get bent or
damaged so it's nice to have extras and
they included that in the pack that's
really cool oh we've got some warranty
information and it's all too familiar
instruction booklet definitely want to
read all this before you start flying
there's some important details that you
don't want to miss so read the
instruction booklet before you get
started
hey we have already done that for the
most part it's all star from and that's
because it makes it super super light so
these things can actually fly and you
know what these things are a car so you
can fold these wings back and it's a car
but then you click a button and the
wings pop out and then you can take off
into the sky outdoor that yeah it's so
cool like we're just gonna drive it down
there and then flap the wings open and
fly you could totally do that now that
we've got everything out of the box
great time to say a huge thank you to
Mattel for sponsoring today's video
without them we wouldn't have been sent
these amazing awesome little flying cars
so thanks again to Mattel for sponsoring
today's video what do you say we get
these things ready to go okay okay so
before we can start driving and or
flying you need to know that it's very
important
when you put these things in airplane
mode you're going to be flying in the
air so you want to make sure that you're
very very far away from any trees power
lines cars roadways any obstruction
anything that you could hit you want to
make sure you have a wide open space
that you're not going to have to worry
about bumping into anything all right
now we're going to pair the sky shock
with the controller so what we'll do
first this will flip on the switch
underneath and then immediately turn on
your controller
let's see your throttle hold on Carson
okay we're good to go
all right Carson do the same thing turn
the on switch and then turn your
controller all right all right so now
we're ready to start driving in car mode
okay guys our first test is going to be
in car mode and so we're gonna do or is
going to have the boys race and see who
can get off the line the fastest you
boys ready set go
so as you can see guys it's quite
difficult for these cards to go in high
grass so you want to try and make sure
you're driving these in you know like a
cut grass or short grass area what we
could try and do is move them on to this
running path here and I'll bet you
they'll go really well all right let's
see it ready set go
whoa
wow those things are fast on the ground
of course that's solid pavement and like
I said before you don't want to drive
these in the road at all this just
happens to be a paved running track now
that we've seen how they do on the
ground let's get to the part we all want
to see and that is taking these guys up
in the air all right boys you ready mmm
flip them in airplane mode Oh takeoff
so what do you think how easy was it to
fly that it was pretty easy all you
gotta do is just put this up and then
journey yeah okay person was it easy
very easy easy to fly
okay that's game alright so now that the
boys have taken off and they've got some
time in the air what do you say we
complete a friendly little challenge see
who can stay in the air the longest
first will be me versus Colin and then
me versus Carson see if they can beat
old dad in the air ready
I'm upside down
he did really good call and beat me in
the air he stayed in there longer than
me so let's see how well I do against
Carson okay ready yeah go
thank you
all right boys that's pretty good once
you deactivate your airplane so there
you have it guys that is the sky shock
RC from Mattel again a special thanks to
Mattel for sponsoring today's video make
sure you check the link in the
description to see more videos of the
sky shock RC car in action and that is
where we will leave you for today thank
you guys so much for watching and we'll
see you
