what's up guys we're just getting some
fuel and then we're gonna have a fun day
today today we are doing the paintball
party and I'm pretty excited I can't
wait I'm underdressed look all I have is
these thick like khakis alright khakis
got these thick khakis I do have a vest
I got this little vest we're know how
much protection that will offer me but I
show up and we these guys got frickin
camo pants and josh has got tactical
vest
I got my PJs he's the ammo
he's the ammo guy here's my goal all
right just avoid everyone not get shot
you have the fastest rate of fire so
you're a target yeah you're a target
come at me bro come at me bro you're
gonna be you're gonna be fighting
through a hailstorm of paintballs
brother I'll hit you bro
over here either way this is gonna be
pretty fun it's gonna be epic we've
wasted 49 minutes it's 150 the game was
supposed to start at 1 o'clock there's
two people that aren't here yes or just
trying to get it you know everything all
settled up and check this out I thought
a cool shot would be tipped to mount my
GoPro to the barrel paintballs two full
HPA tanks a full hopper put my vest and
my sweat shirt on it's time to go
Samantha's see Josh and Samantha are
rocking the remotes which is good for
Samantha cos Samantha may have that deal
where she gets really tired and this
will be a lot easier for her but I feel
kind of bad cuz I only have two pods
that I can hold many others have nothing
or oh you don't have a you don't have a
holder
uh-uh we just got to the woods this is
our playground this is our whole arena
all right and multiple people have
rented guns and a majority of those
rented guns are are having the same
firing issues that I was having with my
98 custom so like I think we made the
right choice by picking up a nice new
one we're gonna run this that's not good
you're on my team right I'm gonna post
my ammo up somewhere so when I know I'm
running low that's where I'm going
so it'll be me
Dallas Jake who else over here
Brian right there in the red shirt and I
can't remember who else is on our team
but we're about to go check out the
whole arena so everyone knows where the
flags are gonna be they're going to mark
center court we're about to begin I'm on
our side our base is here the yellow
flag that they need to get is right
there OOP I'm gonna stash this camera in
a bag so we don't get it ruined and we
will move now to the muzzle mounted go
crowd
we decided to change from
capture-the-flag because the area was
way too big to Team Deathmatch pretty
much so we shortened the playing field
and now it's just gonna be your hit
you're out unfortunately
the GoPro died while we were down there
I didn't have any extra batteries for it
so what you see is what you get I got
shot one time right here I survived what
I think we played four matches but uh I
got a now hurry up and get back to my
house because I got people showing up to
help me do some more work on the dryer
on the office whew I'm out of shape
because we had to walk all the yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and call it now I'm
pretty sure
judging based on only having one
we probably didn't get to I didn't get
to show you as much of the paintball
matches I wanted to just because
now that I've caught my breath
go back home change freshen up a little
bit some dry clothes
alright guys so chase hasn't really been
able to pick up the camera since he's
busting his booty - I'll just show you
it's is a clogged take over Zach blog
take over look at how much we have
accomplished yeah so much that full wall
all the edges all this since we came
back from paint ball which was epic
I wish you could have been there Zach
what - my dad's here and J and Vicky
just showed up because they saw the
lights on and they're like oh we'll help
hey come on
actually just did it count a quick count
we don't have enough drywall to do the
entire wall space you ever measured that
square footage subtle daddy-o back here
has been a lovely help a lovely help
this is what it looks like a part of the
reason why I haven't picked up the
camera but as you can see look here the
drywall drywall drywall drywall drive
above we're pretty much to this point
here how many she's a gala one one sheet
left and we had still all that today so
oh and the back side of that wall this
wall we built but we don't have to do
that J Vicky Zach I love you guys I just
want to put that video they're all here
we now know after taking off
he's here without the people here in
your life look it's morning it's the
morning already I left you guys out here
literally said thank yous to everyone
for helping when inside took a shower
and sat on the couch and I was gone all
that paintball stuff and then doing all
this until midnight had me pretty wore
out but look at this guys I mean I'm so
excited that this is finally you know
starting to come together
we've got a lot of work to do as far as
mudding J and binky last night was like
you should just pay someone to come in
here in mud this I was like you know I
kind of want to do it myself I want that
satisfaction of doing this you know
myself but of course you know having
help it's such a beautiful day out today
beautiful skies and the pool see this
something I kind of let go since
vacation still pretty clear but there's
a lot of debris in here leaves starting
to fall on everything definitely time to
start thinking about closing the pool
because these are the last warm days I'm
pretty sure so I'm gonna go through here
and do a nice vacuum and all that stuff
and I got to figure out what chemicals
to get to put in here to close this
thing I know we got to drop the water
level a little more and put some
winterization chemicals in here but it's
kind of sad man really getting down to
prepping for winter I hate winter man
look at our little kitties
you're doing good flashy you're good
mama yeah you're a good mama stripes
that's awesome that's your kiddie flashy
yeah today's kind of the day Sunday's
are the days where we like I guess re up
for the week so she's gone grocery
shopping so the boys have school lunches
and all that stuff today is kind of like
the cleaning day so laundry and all that
jazz so yeah we're gonna get everything
cleaned up around here and reset for
today I do want to go outside and take
care of the pool whatever I can and I
want to show you guys the sunflowers the
sunflowers are pretty much run their
course and the flowers themselves are
full of seeds so we're gonna try and
harvest those seeds and I think you have
to bake them and then salt them and
they're just like the sieved you get at
the store I love sunflower seeds they're
really good so we'll show you how to do
that but that my friends is where we all
leave you for today make sure you come
back tomorrow thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
