that's right good morning guys starting
my dad I uh I had to come into town one
to admittedly get some late tags you
remember that whole thing where we got
pulled over and the car was impounded
because Veronica didn't get tags on her
birthday yeah we got two years worth of
tags or registration and that's already
been a Authority up so we need to pick
that there's a Verizon somewhere huge so
this guy's gonna see what its gonna take
to get my iPhone 7
so Verizon didn't go as good as I hoped
it would I can get an iPhone 7 but they
don't have any in store go figure
so if I did do a trade-in they would
have to take my phone right then and
there and so they don't have any in
store I would just not have phone but I
can order them online and then Verizon
could ship me the phone and when I get
the phone they'll send me a return and I
could ship my trade-in back so we'll do
that I also struck out um getting the
tags because well Veronica had a
doctor's appointment this morning and
she already did that plus I'm not
Veronica so I would have to have had a
power of attorney to renew her text
because I don't technically own the
vehicle but I did however stop and get
some more paintballs right you need lots
of paintballs with that new gun that I
got because at a rate of 12 to 17 or 20
balls per second I could is that right
it shoots really fast and I probably go
through a lot more paint so tonight
we're probably gonna practice over at my
brother's the place I went to is called
discovered diving and they also have
paintball stuff but they specialize in
diving and diving certifications I have
never been diving before but I really
really really want to so she turned me
on to a training class just to acclimate
people to see if they'd be interested in
diving but he still get to like dress up
in all the tank and the respirators and
regulators and I don't even know
saying that right but yeah you get to
put all the stuff on and go diving in a
pool and see if scuba is something you'd
be interested I'm pretty sure I'd be
interested so today we have a
sponsorship by nuts calm let's see
what's inside
did you know that nuts calm has been
restocking pantry since 1929 that's a
long history of nuttiness in this pouch
your delicious goodies are inside when
they reached out to us and said hey
which is extract that's like home like
yeah and so they're like all right let
us know what you like and me having to
say to have a little bit of sweet tooth
peanut butter chocolate fudge can I
smell it what that is incredibly wise I
have a bite
okay we go oh we also have veggie chips
cuz I know iliza really likes veggies
she's a big fan of veggies and fruits
these are like freeze-dried veggie chips
with we've got sweet potato squash
carrot green bean taro sweet potato chip
okay oh good go on some potato chips
scratch that rich for the freeze-dried
value shift healthier for you
another point attached to and that is
funny risk cashews never had those no I
love it
I remember pistachios oh these ones are
already look at the bag size - that's
nice - yeah that's a love knot so of all
the things that we've tasted the
chocolate peanut butter fudge the honey
roasted cashews the salted cashews
pistachios the veggie chips all of them
were really really really good the
portion sizes are incredibly large mess
calm is offering you my viewers for free
gifts so those of you who spend $25 or
more on your first purchase and a mini
curated shop on us calm I gotta tell you
no really good actually the fact that
the grass covers the camera sitting like
five inches up means I should pray
mister I cut the grass we are on our way
breakfast
we're gonna show us what you've been
learning yeah
how do you feel about that
hey tired big thanks to Matt right there
he's Colin's drum teacher he um he's
doing a good job
Colin can be kind of does he do better
when I'm here or when I'm not here when
you're here really oh yeah
sometimes he yeah he gets off track a
little bit good I'm very proud of you
calling
all right Matt's gonna show us what he
has up his sleeve
think you can play like that one day
I guess he thinks that's like a running
track
good alone city job you didn't mind
you're always on your free my mind to a
late when you came around I mean no
sound to see but or it's not a problem
just wanna tell you that I swear up
aha
this dude can play like that was that
was an homage to the main man Jeremy
loops man I miss you Jeremy loops if you
see this miss you Jeremy limps on it if
you haven't seen him in concert you
should definitely do it that's some
feel-good music right there I just
taught him right now I can't let her
update flashy and kittens are all doing
just wonderful she's been a good mom
today other than I got to bring her
another I'm old back yeah he's still
flashy that funny young man 15 perfect
turkey cheese with mustard good hey I
actually fell asleep on the couch we
went to watch a big brother the season
finale because we missed it Wednesday
and I didn't even get to see the end of
the hater-aide competition whoa so many
dumb ways to die dumb ways so many dumb
ways
sit down
where did you see that first a video on
YouTube no I'm telling you what every
time he sings that song and you hear it
it's stays in your head all day long
alright pop star hey have a happy Friday
I love you I'll see you after school
it won't have game night Friday night we
do have a live stream Friday night 5
p.m. Eastern push that TV for secular
gaming why don't you guys come check it
out we are thinking about we are
thinking about the boys have been asking
me lately
if we could start doing minecraft and
they're incredibly into minecraft me not
so much but I love participating in
things that my kids enjoy so let me know
in the comments do you think it would be
cool if we did like a live stream
another live stream day where it's me
and the boys doing minecraft
are you gonna eat some couldn't take it
huh whole days I could have worked down
yesterday and ate for dinner last night
but I didn't I finished last night now
and today I'm gonna hang out I'm not
gonna like gorge myself
mm-hmm but I'm eating food I don't think
my body can take another whole day
without food her body can't take another
day without food I I can't
um listen um I don't think I could do it
either
I like food if I didn't eat food with my
metabolism as high as it is I would
probably die Veronica's not the only one
who dropped out so yeah that is where we
will leave you for today I want to say
thank you guys so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
