what up guys welcome to today's vlog
he saw yesterday's video you know we had
a little bit of trouble with our
paintball gun and one of these tanks so
we're gonna go to the professionals if
you checked out I'm kind of sketched out
right now guys this this light just came
on that low tire pressure light which
I'm very familiar with because as you
know when we go to the beach we take the
tire pressure down to like we're on the
highway going 70 miles per hour and that
light starts coming on and blinking I'm
like really nervous the middle one on
one tire look what did you do did you
put a nail my tire
I just checked all the tire pressure and
everything seems to be right online I
don't know does it happen like if you if
your sensors go bad in your tires maybe
that causes that alarm to go off but
let's get you dude I would hate to pop a
tire in the middle of the highway during
rush hour traffic that'd be awful it's
our spot paintball Ohio
so we've already quickly diagnosed what
happened with uh with my tank or gun
rather and it was I would assume is a
classic noob mistake right it's a you
didn't screw your tank on all the way
user error yeah so I screwed the tank on
and then I hear it fill and that's good
right but what he's telling me is I
didn't screw it in tight enough instead
of the 98 what we're going to do is
we're going to swap out who came here
and had a sweet deal that I really can't
pass up this is the tip in a five and it
has a response trigger which we just
tested is pretty insane I'm gonna rule
the battlefield basically 50 bucks more
and this is a refurbished model I'm ok
with that
50 bucks more with the cyclone feed
system we'll take that 98 special back
and we'll own it right here 98 custom
alright guys so we are fully stocked
we've got some HPA's and years of co2
tanks we've got the new a5
we got a helmet I'll be returning that
tippmann and make sure if you guys come
to paintball how you talk you talk to
Jay because Jay was the man Thank You
Jay thank you so much
so that was a trip well worth taking we
did have to go like to Columbus to get
to this shop but uh Jay man paintball
Ohio I told him straight up when I
walked in I was like
and I'm pretty near to paintball and I'm
going to ask you a lot of questions and
I did I asked him ton of questions it's
so nice like when you're gonna have
someone right in front of you to ask the
questions you need to ask so yeah we've
got a pretty nice setup and I think Josh
my brother is gonna be in trouble when
we get out there bro whoo jealous
there's gonna be awesome
don't you worry I'm gonna show you I'm
gonna show you how how fast the rate of
fire is on this gun when we get home it
is Wednesday and it is time for the live
stream Zach you're gonna come up for the
live stream I'm definitely going to join
you for the lodge let's do it let's do
it let's do it papa someone's grumpy the
boys got all their homework and stuff
done so they are enjoying an hour of
Minecraft okay so have an update on
flashy um today when I got home she has
been kind of following me around and
mailing a little more and she laid down
in front of me and I kind of looked at
her belly and it looks as though she's
like having some sort of contractions or
something and she hasn't been in her
little cat box since last winter when it
was cold and she went right in there
crawled right in there and um preparing
the bed or something so that's weird for
her to be in there but so here maybe
tonight it might be time to have some
kittens last she's actually pushing
camera out of my face see she was
pushing she's having these kids oh my
god it's happening
they're the first ones out and I don't
want to be too graphic for you guys so
we're just we had to move her from keep
you updated here yeah we needed to have
access so we could help her but she came
out though the first little kitty is out
oh I feel like living know your dad
again
yeah I do right in the middle labor I'm
gon drink my juice boys clash is having
her kittens yeah come on listen be
really quiet they'll be very quiet and
very still okay
you see that kid it's a kid in cars and
she's trying to get the milk you think
Oh beep refresh license later that
commercial cute
and I I just reached in towards her and
she grabbed hold of my favorite with her
call and then bit off my glove like just
a word the whole end of the glove off my
finger up all right how many did you say
you say she had I thought fine I said
seven another one coming guys
look kidding number ones like put me
back it brought me back in I don't like
it out here so bright flashes like oh
dear my body what has happened to my
body I can't take this huh listen
there's a trembling balloon is it your
evil oh god help me
oh dear oh oh dear I'm having a kitten
I'm having more kittens no looking at me
I'm having kittens
yo this suckling the teat Oh kitty you
are making it keeping it seems like
they're catching on to nursing very
quickly plushies letting the nurse and
flashy is really resting in between
giving birth to each of these kittens
like she's already super worn out after
the second one
so I'm going to let a rest be quiet keep
everything quiet in here
that way we can have her let her have a
smooth delivery for the rest of them
it's hard to tell you and know many more
she has oh he don't drop it I noticed
earlier my cantaloupe that I was growing
out back this one it's not really green
anymore and it was starting to split
open at the top so I just went out and
pulled it off and they ripped it open
and oh my gosh it smells so good and
it's so juicy and I can't even eat it Oh
fresh off the vine I've brushed now
though can I lick it no way your honor
he's done with this squeeze half of it
you can drink handle up juice yeah just
the juice I can't lick it what is that
well you enjoy it I enjoy that homegrown
cantaloupe that we grow not just scoop
it out slice it up yeah nice hat things
I had to give this for protection for
neck protection to the paintball or neck
protection yeah I'll wear it back like
this
well no more so you're gonna get paint
all over brand-new that essentially but
that'll make it even better
oh yeah okay oh and look there's another
kitten already and I think she's got at
least couple more in there Liza's really
concerned she's just been sitting there
watching she's excited she says I want
to touch them
we can't touch them right now
Veronica is on this juice cleanse right
and she asked me she says would you
please do dinner for the kids tonight
because I'm on the juice cleanse and I
don't wanna see food so I'm doing dinner
and it consists of hotdogs and microwave
shells and cheese dinner is served buddy
look at that daddy's fine and strike
their shells of cheese and hot dog
dinners and we go check on the progress
on kids
how many kiddies are there Lizzie your
whistles oh one two three four
you're doing it flashy mama Greg wasn't
mindful ooh that one's like black and
tan yeah it's like black white and tan
that cat's name should be Guinness okay
did you tell the kitties good night
little kitties lucky oh you're so cute
boots named Mike gladiators Andy say
that that's something so flashy still
going out there she just had me she just
had a number five and if you remember I
guess seven so we're reaching my
estimation seven thirty minutes later
there's one more black wanna just was
born hit number six
new and improved cat box tell me that's
not the cutest thing you've seen all day
all the kiddies safe and sound and their
nice new box it's pretty dope but I want
I'm gonna get the kids out of school
on this fine beautiful morning ah we got
a couple more days is like mid 80s and
then it's gonna start cooling off not
looking forward to it be good and all
that stuff
love it but I got my morning drink
Veronica's on day two how is that was
everything no oh whoa tell me that stuff
smells like sushi she's gotta chug the
whole bag how many hours how many hours
every every how many hours Oh every two
hours every two hours one bag of that oh
and you haven't eaten anything honest
truth no okay love you Matt see you hey
you feeling better today
oh don't get in it no no no no Cheetos
this money oh you want to take those
that's what you want every time she
opens that cabinet she gets these French
or crispy fried onion look that's weird
that's so weird when is the baby like
fried onion
so kids are off to school Veronica's got
the baby out to the babysitter and
she'll be gone for the day so we're
gonna get some stuff done around here I
did promise you guys that I would show
you how awesome this new gun was the
amazing firepower that's going to help
me win this weekend think we'll do well
all right guys so that's where we're
gonna leave before today I want to say
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
