what's up guys welcome back to the
construction site apparently we've got
quite a few professional drywall
installers watching and I feel like we
may have done something wrong I know
that a lot of you made suggestions and
that was the drywall sheets should be
run perpendicular as opposed to parallel
but I did some research and I don't
think it's all that bad the purposes of
running perpendicular as opposed to
parallel really make it easier in in the
sense of like ease of installation I do
understand that when you're running
drywall you want to try and minimize the
butt joints and if you don't know where
the drywall butts up against each other
that's why it's called a butt joint and
then these tapered seams make it much
easier when you're taping and mudding
all of that stuff it's all good
everything's going to be fine we won't
experience sag one with the amount of
screws we've got up there and two it's
5/8 inch thick drywall so I don't think
we're gonna have any problems at all now
I will say this I want your guys's
opinion on the design when we get this
all finished it's going to be pretty
much a big wide-open room and I've had
some thoughts and some ideas about how
to make this look cool in the decoration
aspect like for instance making one wall
kind of like that overlay shingle look
like so it's all wood that goes across
that I really kind of drawn a blank from
that my idea is kind of like a modern
industrial look for what you know like
what this space will look like I mean we
will have a garage door in here so it's
like it's like foreign meets function I
don't know any of you guys out there who
are interested in like interior design
or you know designing spaces to make
them look good I would love to hear your
suggestions what do you think this space
should look like
I want this space to be a spot that we
can go and you
just come in here and you feel inspired
you feel like being creative like that's
what I want this room to be and I know
it together we can come up with a really
cool really cool idea to make this space
just incredibly awesome I do have my own
ideas like putting a central TV here and
maybe even a table that goes in the
middle of the room so that when I have
anyone over who also does video work
collabs friends whatever we can kind of
sit at this big table it's kind of like
a conference table and we can shoot
stuff up on the screen I thought that
would be kind of cool I don't know I'm
just trying to like this whole project
is starting to come together and I I
didn't really put a whole lot of thought
into like what it would look like
finished like what the design would look
like what the flavor of it the feel of
it I'm waiting for calling off the bus
because this weekend we have a paintball
party
my brother is throwing a cash-flow flag
paintball party is gonna be super epic
but I literally do not have the gear
like the sleeves I know it hurts pretty
bad when you get hit with the paintball
so I mean I don't want to put like
bubble wrap on me or anything but I want
to make sure that I'm protected from the
paintballs should I get hit so me and
the boys are gonna go take a trip to
dicks
oh just in time unfortunately the only
place local to do co2 Fang co2 tanks is
dicks that makes me want to start my own
paintball shop even though I know
nothing about paintball I still learn
everything I need to know start a shop
that way anyone who wants to play
paintball local can come to me it's
perfect right yeah
yeah this this is pretty much their
extent of paintball supplies they really
only have paintballs cylinders extra
containers and that's that's pretty much
it
I'm serious guys we should start our own
paintballs paintball store what do you
think I know I'm probably gonna need a
couple of these I heard one of you guys
talking about these but I don't know if
I'm proud off to need that there we go
in our tanks filled that's a pretty cool
process actually filling co2 tanks I
forget the name of the I don't even know
what it's called the mechanism that they
use to hook up to the co2 tanks you have
to purge and fill purge and fill purge
and fill it's pretty cool process but
can also be quite dangerous
yeah is that a is that a blind don't
don't put your head in there silly
yeah that's where you go hunting we set
this up in the woods and then the Ducks
can't see you it's where you want to use
when your duck hunting are you sure you
guys want to go in here yeah boy saw the
store and they're like we gotta see it's
SuperDuper creepy
it's the Halloween time store didn't get
him I don't know about you guys but
Halloween for me is all about a good
mask
look at this it's kind of creepy what
which one go and rabbit oh that oh no
that's not as cool dish Robby claps get
all the cars a hallway yeah yeah man
scary clowns can take the cake every
year look what look right here didn't I
just get one of these right there it is
this is a little less scary
come here Carson no no that's here yeah
based on his apprehension to go into
this very simple hallway I feel like we
should take them hey we should go to one
of those scary places remember what we
did last year I forget what I was the do
you remember though the haunted place we
went to in the barn that was pretty wild
they went through it and I was super
proud of them but I doubt they'll ever
do anything like that ever again
the boys shared a real interest in the
paintballs while we were at the store so
I'm going to let them try and shoot it a
couple times just so they get the feel
for it okay so basically we have an air
tank alright and this is our our marker
right Wow okay that's an air tank lies
yeah up here is the paintball hopper and
it'll feed paintballs down to there
since this is this is connected it's
pressurized all you have to do is pull
back the hammer or the slide or the
chamber or whatever you want to call it
right and then it's ready to fire once
we push the safe off I will shoot once
for you so you guys can see okay what it
looks like and what you can expect oh
it's my brother no no can't touch no
touchy
oh I know it's a tough concept I know
the rules the range don't stand in front
of the shooter got it got it okay we've
got our tank connected we've got
pressure pull this back like that for
safety off like that and then the fire
safety on before you let go right push
that for safety and then you can hand
off the gun so stand right here let's
see look here you hold on to it like
that
you're a thumb this is the moving part
okay Safety's off aim it at the board
and pull the trigger
you shot the tree huh get it yeah good
job dude nice good good job buddy
whoop barrel down turn aside raised for
safety on perfect Collins first
paintball shot ever
nice ah nine outs cylinder ah all right
let me see let's try this again
much bigger tank this time so two
beautiful heavier fire well you hit the
trees and make sure your target is right
at the tip top of this front side yeah
good job dude
whoa hold on let's see here
let's see I call this that's really
weird I don't know why I clogged up
anyone have any tips for me as to why I
did that
that would be great you did whoa
nicely done whoa all right hold on hold
on
look that's as many shots as we got
before we were out of air or there was
some sort of malfunction with that gun
now we have we have a capture the flag
event on Saturday I can't be having a
malfunctioning weapon you guys help me
up let me know what I got to do or if I
should just get a different check that
one back it's still still good what a
stink you want the grass
thank you I told the neighbors that we
were gonna shoot because they have dogs
and I was trying to be a nice neighbor
look that burn pile back there I said
you know we like we know you liked to
have fires if you ever want to have that
they said light it up be nice to your
neighbors man they'll be nice to you
it's awesome I gotta show you this
before it goes away we heard a loud pop
and this cylinder just started spewing
everything that was in it and the air is
coming out of these nuts like literally
what the heck
oh my gosh that's cold is that the most
insane thing you've ever seen before
don't fill your tanks are dicks guys I'm
taking that back is everyone okay
everyone okay I heard it from in here I
was like what the heck was that
Wow so yeah dogs have some computer
issues can't really show you her yeah um
she doesn't know her password you need
to have your password
why did I gave it to you guys I don't
know it's not my password someone got in
here changed it no I know what happened
what just shut it down no that wouldn't
do it for so long yeah it only lasts for
a little while someone who knew your
password got in here and changed it
uncle Rick we're about that piece of for
dinner why are we having pizza for
dinner honey you're supposed to be on a
diet I'll explain it well I'm not eating
as much meat as I normally would and I'm
certain a juice detox cleanse juice
juice yeah so for three days straight
have is this juice these juice pouches
his water is it only for losing weight
or can it's a detail shot oh it's a
detox yeah okay okay so no yeah okay I'm
having pizza on my last me I was pizza
Liza where'd you go
I'm gonna get you good can you believe
that we spent the better half of three
hours put it in four panels of drywall I
will say for the record Zak's here
helping me before the wreck it's
probably why they run perpendicular you
know it's it's up the ceiling is up for
the most part we got to put the edges in
we got the entire Center with the
exception of these edges I'm thinking
instead of these sporadic nailers all
the way down we'll put a one long board
I don't know we'll see what happens
tomorrow tomorrow I'll have some more
time to put into it but zach is gonna
straight up OG you know almost fell off
yeah we didn't really catch that on film
but Zach almost fell off the scaffold it
was it was great small battle stuff he
cut himself it's about midnight and I
think we should call it a day pretty
much I think that's fair yeah that fair
fair I appreciate them out and helping
me do anything for girls X the only one
he's the only one I'm probably not to go
take a shower
I'm definitely not gonna shower for
another two weeks
ah marinade
Oh lemon banana spinach kale ginger in
karela mmm
what is that stuff Ella its claim hey
let's drown brainish Brown oh it's
terrible it's down but it's down one
down done kissing mmm come on baby Liza
today I know I can't wait actually I
didn't do this earring hurt love you I
love you love you bye guys have a good
day she's getting so big you guys you
don't even understand like Eliza wants
to sit at the table like this no more
hide yeah yeah big girl you're growing
so fast I don't like it boy oh yeah I
know today we're gonna definitely have
to check into what's going on with the
paintball gun what's going on with that
cylinder and why did it pop like that
bye Zack and I will be going to a
paintball shop and we'll try and figure
out what exactly happened so we could
probably provide you with some
information as to what you can or can't
do with those co2 cylinders I think it's
really crazy that cylinder blew apart
like that one body of mine said it was a
blowout valve that got stuck open I
don't know we'll see for sure what
happened I think my friends that is
where I will leave you today I want to
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here
