well guys welcome to our day we're
starting again back in the office I got
set on site I'll tell you up yesterday
was literally a nightmare trying to get
that sheet up without set set why don't
you tell him what happened why did I go
wrong well why was I having so much
trouble well problem one was just cuz I
was in here secondly they really hadn't
moved for they didn't lay the joists in
on Center and me not knowing what the
heck I'm doing I didn't know how to
guess compensate for that but we got it
and we're starting to get all of these
pieces we're doing all the big pieces
first so that we can do the little
patches on the ends so we can do the
full sheets full sheets and yeah it's
coming along nicely actually it's gonna
be so cool man so cool we finished last
night doing all the installation for the
entire room so we didn't have to worry
about that but the real most difficult
task at this point is getting all the
rest of the ceiling up and you just
crank it up all the way to the ceiling
so we're pretty much wrapping on the
ceiling for today because we need to get
the lift back where we got all the big
giant pieces in place dude we could not
have done this without your help
I've been hard it was hard I gave up
yesterday I did I was like I was like to
heck with it let's just do the
insulation and that's exactly what we
did so this is awesome
Big Ups to Seth everyone go subscribe to
his YouTube channel please even though
he quit uploading video for a little bit
no I'll leave a link I want you guys to
go goes all Seth because he supports the
heck out of me wait did you know it's my
birthday today today
No mm-hmm you check Facebook right now
I'm just saying that there could be
another reason why they I'd be a heckles
birthday all day yeah yeah yeah happy
birthday to south west old that's
awesome my head was this big finish up
work dude so we can go finish up work so
later tonight we can celebrate some
birthdays too all moguls over in oh oh
okay or or we can do it this weekend
we got a paintball party this weekend
it's gonna be fun but yeah thanks dude
awesome my pleasure that's what I'm here
for
Oh party girls that's right go party I
would say party why do I say party to
the dogs like their kids yes oh what a
relief to get what I would consider the
hardest part of the office project
completed so yeah the day goes on just
waiting for the kids to get out of
school
I do have to catch up because we were so
busy all day Saturday I'm behind one
video so yesterday by the time you see
this we did post two videos so we should
all be caught up and I'm pretty sure
I'll put those both into one
you've already seen it by now uh yeah so
angel are you doing good puppy you do it
oh you're jealous aren't you yeah angel
puppy yeah she's like my belly my belly
yeah so before we get too far in today's
vlog I do want to mention that today's
video is sponsored by graphic stock as a
lot of you guys know I went to school
for graphic design and I do a lot of my
own graphics and designs and it is
important for me personally to sometimes
source royalty-free images to use in my
designs for instance if you are looking
for a specific photo let's choose one of
these for an example like like you
wanted to make a postcard your own
postcard and you wanted it to be a palm
trees or the beach all you got to do is
log in you simply type in palm trees and
you'll get all the images you could ever
want
with palm trees select sourcing your own
royalty-free images is very very easy
and simple way to spicing up your
designs using images that you don't have
to go out and shoot yourself so graphic
stock is offering you my viewers a
special 7-day free trial where you can
download up to a hundred and forty
images which is that's a lot of free
images that you can use and I know
you'll fall in love with it because not
only do you get photos on this site but
vectors I don't know if any of you guys
know what vectors are but vectors are
scalable graphics that can go up to any
size without losing their resolution so
you can just search for any kind of
vector graphic you want and a lot of you
guys maybe saw I updated the new Gilroy
flogs youtube banner so basically I had
the logo already I had all of our images
and created some text real quick but
this background image was something that
I was able to source from graphic stock
and it came to me like this obviously
this blue panel was in here as a vector
I was able to separate it resize it to
the to the size that we needed for the
graphic and boom there was our new
youtube channel banner and you can also
sign up for an annual plan which is 99
bucks a year but with that you're
getting unlimited downloads and a peace
of mind agreement that says you can't be
sued for using copyrighted work when as
a creator that's a very important thing
to keep in mind hey you don't have to be
a full time creator to be interested in
something like this so click the link in
the description get yourself a free
7-day trial create a youtube banner for
yourself and then tag me on Twitter so I
can see what you came up with okay the
kids are home from school how was
everyone's day good good was your day
good little mess yeah who remembers
these things when you were younger there
likes to read than me they just fall
right up your hand if you try and play
with them
weird little weird super weird how's
that for good phone call great phone :
amber bomb amber bomb you two gonna hang
out look at you first of all just look
at you right now just the cutest man in
the world
there's calling me and the boys are
gonna go do a secret project you have
fun with the gladiators don't make them
tired honey they want to be they want to
be excited to see you that's a hundred
percent don't feel like that you're 60
or 750 or 630 not thirty really I got a
fever and the only prescription is more
cowbell ah my is it good
these toys get strawberry
the Greeks but is it you um another one
I can't even sit up on the cider to show
up the whole bag come on before we even
get to check out how are we doing look
at their feet mm-hmm
sorry I we've just been zooming around
the grocery store trying to get
everything that we need and get out
got some veggies some fruits and mainly
stuff for the kids for lunch and chase
for lunch I'm going more on fruits and
vegetables she's had a cookie from the
deli she's had a banana what else you
gonna eat on the on the through the
grocery store honey
mmm she's been eyeballing the cheese
this little girl is grumpy she's ready
for bed it is just now seven o'clock
she's done so so I can bring the
groceries in I fixed her up with a
little plate of grapes and cheese so she
can sit and eat and I can get the rest
of the groceries in the house my kids
are gonna make it in college
you know I know that because they're
fans of ramen noodle soup when I was in
the dorms I practically lived on easy
mat and ramen noodle soup I feel like a
lot of college students do that yeah
we're just uh they want ramen noodle for
dinner wait you're telling me all that
can factors for flashy just because
she's pregnant
yeah seriously is that how you eat good
around here you get pregnant Veronica
just picked herself some rock picked
first sells on ramen noodle it's like
she's like it's Finn for yourself man so
I should go to like sure like your
Wendy's and get big fat triple burgers
and beef all these arms you know I feel
bad for you I'm sorry you don't feel
good honey
look at her guys this is Veronica and
their sickest point
that's with a girl in there like that
okay bitch I was gonna come out to be
739 please thank you
thank you no thank you
five dead please
wait did you say 510 yes sir seven seven
seven
see our chicken
like that nah thanks Luger thank you
thanks buddy
oh and don't judge me I got chicken
healthier I can't believe she's pregnant
she's pregnant yeah for sure that's the
cat you rescued from the street yeah we
need to get her fixed so this is the
only letter she has us has this yeah
Tulsa near we're making school lunches I
got turkey sandwich
oh that's person I'm making you guys as
lunch it's like a boss like I do every
morning you pour in the cream ooh that's
like it's whitening its art that's what
that is we'll get it down there
yeah it's why you like a new well then
you give it a nice big stir hmm love you
have a good day
be good don't don't hurt anybody or be
mean okay I love you I love you bud
have a great day at school good morning
Eliza look at her she's getting so big
she's sitting in a regular chair I can't
take it you're doing this she's growing
on me she's in a regular chair big-girl
table Veronica's turning into a fitness
monster who can I have some watermelon
today I want to eat some fruit no
there's no hair well what now that I'm
putting here check this out these are
Veronica's tattoos
everyone's asked Carson on one side
Colin on the other and she's wanted to
do Elijah with the same do in the middle
right in the middle but never got around
to that yet where's my tattoos don't
have any I feel like I should but I
don't
so that guy's is where we're gonna leave
you for today not sure what I have
planned today but I do have a free day
lies against the babysitter bombs
working out and I think I want to do
some more drywall so thank you so much
for watching
can't wait to see each and every one of
you right back here
