and Eliza was doing good right now so I
finally got her applesauce and she was
gonna take a vitamin C all the way up
right behind her it's just miss her all
right we're going to the mall to shop
get to the mall and amber get to Helen
she's like yes wait on my side she got
applesauce put it out get Magica
applesauce slice I got you
here's the white on my hair yeah here's
a wipe my thanks so we've made it to the
shoe store and I need Liza Liza needs a
new pair of like closed-toe shoes
something that goes with more outfits
than just and look she she found these
little tiny high heels just her size
mm-hmm if you guys remember I'm on
vacation she tried on Chloe's little
high heels and she was in love with them
come here baby
show mommy show mommy those shoes and
Maddy
Maddy's looking for shoes for homecoming
so she's trying on some heels
Liza come here show morning Oh bless you
aren't they so cute how do you like
those what do you think of them shoes we
think them
here you want to hold one they'd
deodorize your shoes so you don't have
stinky shoes do best inky shoes stinky
shoes you like those let's go pay for um
she got two pairs of shoes and I got a
new pair of tennis shoes now we're gonna
go meet back up with hamburger and the
girls they were going to get their nails
done it's about time
spell time to get something done its of
all the time
it's about time it's about timing if
something one of those toes finally
she's done I just went and wasted like
40 minutes they had to do some work on
my coat
yes they did we have completed our girls
shopping day girls got their pretty
nails done and we got a toady stuff and
I just shopped the night but chase and
the boys chase called me earlier and was
like hey I'll meet you in town let's do
dinner and I'm like well we just kind of
cut done eating and we're all still
stuffed so him and the boys went ahead
and went to Olive Garden and I'm gonna
meet them over there and take you guys
to them so you can see some of the
poisoning
hi guys hi buddy
I'm going
I heard girls today I said
have an avoid stay with Daddy boys night
we retire an hour we're gonna take a
break I only ate a junior bacon
yes sir we decided after work it would
definitely be a perfect time girls
Mountain have some fun outside
me and the boys our own dinner together
as growth
that's not good Garcia the
mac-and-cheese calling us Alfredo and I
get the Tour of Italy that chicken
parmigiana lasagna and fettuccine
alfredo how was dinner
all right good we finished up they
always give me these super delicious
like love that but we're done let's go
there's everywhere
most free questions live that's fun
right guys yes I mean we didn't get all
the way done with the garage that's not
gonna happen in a day no way we got most
the installation up and realized we
didn't have enough which was a big
bummer we've really only had enough for
the ceiling
miscalculation but no worries we got we
got more it's taken care of
and we're gonna finish up tomorrow what
that's that that light is slippery
I will say this the worst thing about
working with insulation is if you don't
wear long sleeves you get super super
itchy like my arms are itching like
crazy right now we still have more
insulation
since I am NOT Prairie to lifting
12-foot long sections of drywall we are
gonna hang out the rest of the evening
together what are we watching Lemony
Snicket's that's a mouthful Jim Carrey
stars in that movie and I am a super
huge fan of Jim Carrey always have been
I've gotten quite a few times before I
do you remind me of Jim Carrey when a
spin chair was who who remembers Ace
Ventura does the best thing ever it is
so we're gonna sit and watch a movie
and just connect relax you know we just
arrived at the backwoods fest and it's
like it's insane look at all that Oh
for such a small town having a big was
Janish all right dad come on come on
daddy let's go
so yeah we're here we're me and grandma
grandpa chases mom and dad and his
sister Shawna
Here I am still not feeling the greatest
but making do
found our way to the food court and
there are many many many options I don't
know what to get I don't know what to
get call him what would you want to try
why are you king a rock
we could walk in and turn around and run
ginger Wilson fair oh it's dog collars
like Mazar cool those are really thick
we're waiting for dad to catch up he
stopped to probably buy something up
there for Mom or Veronica but we're like
sitting here waiting and there's these
containers of flowers over here and we
have like a running bet like because
they're literally live in those giant
bulk like Hunt's ketchup you know cans
that you'd open how much is that flower
thing right there in a can the running
bet is she says twelve I'm saying eight
you're saying hey I say ten dollars even
we're gonna get an answer right now how
much what oh jeez Louise
looked all in one of this from that
guy's shop where is widdle in the wood
pretty standard walking stick there bud
so I think we've seen pretty much all
there is to see here it's all pretty
much the same thing crafts artists
handbags paintings wooden sculptures
carvings metal sculptures just a bunch
of cool stuff right what'd you get are
you gonna show all your not holding it
anymore
you're gonna show it off it's tight up
you can untie you know how to untie I'm
sure you taught me let's see right down
oh yeah yeah that's great love my mom's
a big fan piece on she had one do you
sell that cover energy or on your
Veronica got the same one except it was
always she got the black hoarsely that
looks awesome dude no reason is ten
didn't even hurt what do you think
you're like a robot half robot half junk
food eating boy Oh Harper I see that's
our time at the backwoods best hey man I
want to give a special thanks to Jared
and the entire backwoods fest crew for
giving us a special
imitation this year we really appreciate
that and it was a lot of fun was a
really cool experience Veronica's got a
nice nice little sign and we used some
really really good food so it was fun hi
so I came out here with every intention
to completely finish the ceiling right
we've gotten started on it and it took
us a while to figure out that we can't
do that at all with how's that I don't
know what it is it's it's not completely
my ignorance for some reason the rafters
expand once they go down that way so the
sheet doesn't fall in the middle of the
stud and I've flew out a little corner
there trying to get it adjusted to make
it fit and I just I can't do it we did
finish putting up the drywall on the
corner there and we're gonna go ahead
and do the walls because we have drywall
insulation we're gonna go ahead and do
the walls and finish all the insulation
and all that stuff but I just want to
make sure that we're keeping forward
progress on this each day that goes by
so that if it doesn't you know it
doesn't go too long hey be careful guys
that's that's dangerous equipment yeah
what would you doing down there hey guys
I know jack the camera from Chase he is
just busy working I came down to Amber's
she fix chili for dinner so I come down
to eat that yes it is 10 o'clock at
night who decides at 5 o'clock in the
evening to fix chili that one that's
okay but as you guys know we have been
working out and stuff lately
we have a big workout tomorrow and we're
down here stretching I was very sore
earlier this week and it feels good to
get everything stretched back out and
let me send up for tomorrow I guess
come on let's see the stretches no no we
feel like up come on stretch it out
oh yeah there you go look here chilly it
smells delicious and well we're not
allowed to have its cheesy potatoes
dripping with grease we are gonna have a
little bit of chili we're taking some -
chase you have to hold back no she's
gonna hold it on the man super hot don't
you spill that coming back good humor
right there
Chase is like I'm not even humble chili
loses amber standing right there
he thinks that she's pretty good job
honey on this it looks awesome
good job yeah Zach that was here any
little love oh my gosh there's one
little piece it's not long enough did
you put it in the microwave
yes did you do something to it no should
you
I should he likes hot sauce it's some
hot I was thinking more like salt
Monica volatility
look at when we get him back we gotta
get back all right and we gotta be
anything now it's on its it's recorded
like he knows he's gonna know it's out
now oh he knows he has it come on mm-hmm
so uh definitely went to sleep right
after my shower yesterday but we
finished all the installation everything
every every piece of insulation is done
except for the new wall we're swinging
to put all the dry low on that but what
do you think Collins come along right
yeah when you do all the drama that's
true that's coming this morning we're
gonna knock it out but you gotta go to
school back to Monday you know I think I
think we missed the bus
we're like 10 minutes past this
scheduled bus pickup time and I don't
think the buses come in the Eddy where
are you going lousy
inner PJs this morning
Oh to the babysitter we uh that's that
he'll come over and help me for a couple
hours today this morning and so we're
gonna get ready I'm gonna clear out some
of the insulation stuff that we still
have in there so we can just go in there
and start hanging drywall in the ceiling
I know it will probably become a little
bit redundant for me working on this
building but until it's finished I'm
gonna work on it as much as possible
because I want I want to get that space
workable so we'll probably in the vlog
here and just sex so I can reset and
charge the camera blythie Colin I love
you guys we'll see you after school
okay and you my love will see you when
you get home I need to get myself ready
so that when Seth arrives we are ready
to go don't waste any of that man's
precious precious time
thumbs up for friendship guys it's
always us I know a couple of you guys
mentioned it before it is it is
incredibly nice to be able to have
friends that will help you do whatever
you need to do like you really know who
your real friends are when you're either
moving or doing some actual work and
they show up to help you so if you've
got friends like that definitely
definitely keep them close so that guys
is where we're going to leave before
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
