what up guys welcome to the vlog as
promised it's time for a big project
Scott and I are here at the lumberyard
and we are picking out the studs the
drywall the insulation all the stuff
that we need to start on the office
number check and the drywall
you
we can't fit it all in one load oh my
god mega sketchy I didn't think it would
weigh that much look all the tire is
should be alright gonna make it right we
were so excited that we didn't film any
of us unloading it however it would have
been pretty awesome because we got it
out real quick why is that the only
thing left to get is about seven more
doubles seven more doubles a drywall and
then the insulation and we're going to
have to pick up the fluorescent light
fixtures and yeah just ah I mean I got
to pause for a second and tell you guys
thank you because all this stuff these
projects stuff don't happen without you
this stuff happens because of you so
thank you so much from the bottom of my
heart this is the start of something
really really really awesome I can't
wait I can't wait
tomorrow we build but today we have to
gather listen to this big you know going
down the road and you see those big
trucks big dually
they just off out that plan
this is that truck if you don't have
gloves or anything drywall's our
installations all fiberglass so it gets
like stuck in your skin it's mixed super
itchy we've only got five rolls of that
so we've got the rest of our drywall and
then insulation would you stop a what's
that one place up here it's a different
uh please I heard they have a good
picture prices yeah I think we should
pursue that it's a nice uh four bulb
fluorescent light fixture you like that
for your dining room kitchen okay
kitchen hot wall it would be good I want
you to slide that open how smooth that
is no no no no it isn't that's awesome
actually I like that I like that a lot
okay so we found a door because if you
remember me saying how the whole layout
is going to work we're building a wall
to separate the office from the other
side of the studio so we need a door to
go through we found the perfect one it's
pretty much perfect I went through and
looked for all kinds of different doors
a lot of them are like aluminum steel
this one's the interior door perfect for
what we need already has the jam on it
ready to go and we found the lights
we're looking for these are LED lights
look how long they last where's it at 46
years
proper thing to do when someone lets you
borrow their truck or vehicle in general
off that fuel thing
Hey
I just wanted to do that
ah Here I am back in my garage uh my
goodness that's a lot of driving all
right
drywall there drywall there you see we
have this drywall but I was told that's
half-inch right I was told if we hung
half-inch on ceiling or in the walls
eventually we would get this wave effect
we don't want that so that's going back
and we replaced it with this 5/8 inch
drywall that should do the trick right
Hale I see mmm
what you been doing today huh Wow you
and see we're doing I'll take you so you
don't have to walk on the ground for
your delicate little piggies yeah
there's pinkies here you go mm-hmm
you gonna help daddy unload okay here we
go I'm so ready for tomorrow Scott thank
you for your help I ate up most of
Scotty's day I'm really sorry
but we may see you again here a little
bit trying to figure out what we're
gonna do tonight cuz this ran over we're
due two trips that was like way way way
too much that's a lot of weight come on
Lizzie come on des I wanted to come out
here and show you guys there's flashy
look hey Kai flashy you doing all right
come here she's like get me away from
these dogs oh she's all right she wants
to do her thing I wanted to show you
guys the cantaloupe look it's
unfortunate two of them fell off which
really kind of stinks so we've got this
big one which I've propped up this is
the biggest one we've got in here so far
that's going to be a good one got one
more right here
and
there's another one over here yeah right
here one over here so I don't know we
should probably reroute these vines so
that they're not hanging and they can
like rest on the ground but I don't want
the rabbits to get them and stuff like
that so like what do you do who's the
expert let me know in the comments I
want to make sure that these these at
least ones get nice and big so we can
eat them how are you feeling by the way
so kind of like poop yeah guys Veronica
is not feeling very well at all you
should hear her she's got very bad chest
congestion very bad sinus congestion
poor thing you poor thing I mean poor
thing well listen hi I'm about to go out
another garage I've got some insulation
out there that could give us a head
start on tomorrow I'm gonna go work is
that okay you know I mean kids are right
here kids are having fun
good cuz it's been known to float away
I'm just saying I'm just I'm just saying
make sure it doesn't go anywhere good
okay I didn't get very far in the garage
because well amber showed up and said
Madison and well her girlfriends are
down at her house and they're just bad
and sleepover yeah right I'm gonna take
the Horsehead map which is over there
lying around huh and we're going to try
and creep in she's going home I'm trying
to creep in right beside her jump a
horse head Madison scared
only because she said there's two of
them down there that wanted to meet me
so let's go introduce ourself
dude you gotta creep in there and turn
off this light turn off that light yeah
I'm literally just outside
HESA I'm a Tesla like horses what do you
think were you scared
uh yeah Oh how's it going you fell ow uh
sleepovers are fun
as you can see mr. stress level has
already got started framing our wall
what you didn't get to see is I just
spent how long was I gone to our three
oh I spent a couple hours trying to
replace the insulation that we already
got with the insulation that we actually
needed they gave us 15 inch wide
insulation and we needed 23 inch what
take the insulation back tell me what I
need we go back to load it they don't
have it so I had to get a refund go to
Home Depot find what I needed
we got it we loaded it we brought it
back here we are walls being frame we're
gonna start hanging
we have been working boy look look at
all this you see all the ceiling above
me all insulated matter of fact we per
our calculations were wrong yet again
and we needed even more than we thought
so Seth is putting out floaters that we
can use to anchor the drywall the boys
have gone to get us some more insulation
with that he needs board Mama's on
Mama's on it look lies in look Liza and
mommy in the shop
what you guys doing who is that Liza sad
she doesn't look like she feels good at
all okay so we need to keep busting on
this and we we just wanna we want to
focus on getting this big part done
before we run out of time so that guys
is where we're gonna leave you for today
we'll pick up back here tomorrow show
you the progress and all that stuff make
sure you don't mess out this is gonna be
really cool so thank you guys so much
for watching we can't just wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
