what's up guys welcome back home finally
back home catching up I missed you guys
we're starting with projects classic
Gilroy vlog this microwave it's gotta go
the handles broke off the top vent
covers broke off it's a it's seen its
use for sure so earlier today me and my
buddy Bob wouldn't picked up a new one
he's going to help me take this thing
down and replace it with one I got that
matches the stainless steel fridge and
matches the stainless steel dishwasher
yeah I'm sorry to go Samsung because
well it was the cheapest microwave that
would still all stainless steel front
which is what I want I got to keep it
you know I'm gonna keep the uniform but
uh the guys at at Best Buy where I got
it they're like we have to install it
and we have to deliver you can't just
take it
I was like wait one
so out of the box this thing is set up
to blow as a vented microwave but we
don't have that set up here we don't
have like the exhausts thing so you can
convert this to blow
it's called recirculating so the blowers
will blow the air out these front vents
which is what we want so we have to take
this off and then flip the motor so it
points that way
okay so using a wall diagram we're going
to mount this bracket but I need to
drill some holes I don't know if there's
wiring back there so I'm going to go
downstairs and put the breaker so that I
don't actually accidentally electrocute
myself
free sweet-looking microwave I know it
looks office give new microwave retarded
doesn't even know we got the upgrade I
wanted this to be a surprise
Veronica just pulled in Bob what are you
scared of can you see it though I was
trying to surprise you and then have it
done I was getting ready to leave to go
get Liza and drop Bob off and get the
kids off the bus and you beat me to it
like but yeah you can actually open it
with the hello like an official handle
now yeah yeah good stuff huh hey there's
Carson I'm from school
and he just brought this awesome
newsletter home let me read it it says
what you want to tell him
yeah the group I'm writing about today
is the second grade Leadership Council
if you are receiving this newsletter
congratulations your child is interested
in joining this group unfortunately they
can only choose two students from each
classroom so that's awesome Carson he's
been chosen by his class by this lady
from his class to be a leader of the
second grade that's awesome dude that's
awesome aren't you very proud of
yourself I'm very proud of you I'm proud
of you can you got that new microwave oh
yeah we did get a new microwave Lucy it
looks nice doesn't it
Oh Stoney yeah mr. Colin he had an
unfortunate day at school today he was
in gym class and got stung by a bee
twice it like got stuck under the color
of a shirt and stung him twice as he was
trying to get it out huh mm-hmm
but it looks better you can't tell it
was right here it's not swollen or read
anymore so I had to go over to his
school today and calm him down and make
sure he was all right he finished school
yeah
Marius Alinta say hey Carson hmm so
we're here at the barn today with ninja
because the farriers come in to do his
feet do another trim yeah that's what I
said um I'm also noticed it's been a
minute since he's been brushed and you
can see he's got burrs in his mane he's
gotta be hung up here a big mat so I'm
gonna use this the show pony shine the
leave-in conditioner and serum stuff you
can brush him just make sure you watch
his feet um and try to get those out we
made it how's everything going with
ninja good yeah we missed you now
cleaned up hmm looking good old bud I
got a hi booger oh look it
yeah get out of here we're gonna go out
back Tessa is built well dan built a
nice-looking chicken coop
she says they got all kinds of eggs
we're gonna check that out huh
look there's a mini horsies this is the
mini horses
she loves it out here I picked her up
from the babysitter and was like one go
see ninja she was like ninja nan de
Daisy dizzy
dang Dan built that Wow
that's great dude that looks awesome
telephone my phone wait they got a
sunroof ha ha that's awesome nice that's
where they get the a lift it up let's
see in there it might be hurt no we have
not won heycome such a so only one we
pick three Leah three this morning
oh ho ho fresh eggs
can't beat that there we go Michael
you're in the country now kids all in
chickens hey what do you think Liza you
want to check it out I don't think we're
equipped to handle anything like this
whoa whoa there you go oh there you go
Carson pedo chicken oh good job Carson
you did it how do you feel now good okay
good
Hey hey Carson you remember like when
you go and you get the chicken tenders
or chicken nuggets that's what that is
yep before breading they're picking so
they have their own garden and they feed
the chickens the tomatoes from their own
garden which is kind of cool and Eliza
lost tomato so she's going to go over
there and have Dan help her pick some
tomatoes we got the farrier and here
handling ninja's shoes and all that
stuff which is pretty cool what it is
man about the farm life the barn and
stuff it's so peaceful it's like
I don't know since this is a completely
different way of life than I'm
personally mused to well I think it's
cool like I love experiencing those
different types of cultures to grow as a
human that kind of thing is good for you
to experience I would love to travel to
different areas of the world where there
are way different cultures than what
we're used to around here I just think
that that coupled with travel helps you
grow as a person and you should try and
get out and do that more can if you have
the ability to I know I wish I could do
some more worldly travel but uh for now
this will do it's nice X splitting
Gilroy here we go everyone stand back
Oh miss there you go the first one was
just for show uh-huh Collin stay back
please
I like that attitude so we just had to
each other right the hands have this
really nice idea to try and split one of
these bad boys with the wedge because
this axe we've already tried the ax
won't do it so take a wedge and a
sledgehammer oh sorry buddy sixteen
pound sledgehammer and split this giant
log the green bottle to fly free
no verifier not very far at all oh yeah
I did that sixteen pound sledgehammer
stay right here baby it's going dude I
hear it listen buddy stay right yeah
yeah I miss all right get it - what
hello okay Oh better that's actually
better than mine so a nice fire the
fruits of our splitting wood a carton of
eggs and a crying baby later listener
lice is ready for bed that's our time
Tessa
thanks for having us thanks for the eggs
by dan-o my pleasure that was fun
actually
I must go the video games need me hey
say this say like this where's the games
King huh that's good
okay so we've reached the end of the
evening I feel like we have some updates
for you guys we got some total updates
to catch up on one of which being super
super duper important honey you're gonna
help me tell them the super important
news it's super important
she was looking long bloated before we
left come to find out
we're definitely expecting
look how mean she is see a big old belly
she's just a little tiny thing you know
that means oh frickin yeah he ever wants
up yeah yeah yeah
you don't need cats more cat no I
thought she was a baby
I know she's so tiny I hope she does
okay like you know a what the Labour and
such but she is very small and I hope
we're around so I can like help her make
sure things knowing okay yeah and get
this I'm gonna jump in here
I did a google google research right
gestational period Creek has 64 days so
that would mean the cat is due at least
early buddy the end of this month I
think huh when me and bronze going out
for our anniversary which unfortunately
I'm sorry you guys didn't get to see
that we had fun you got a standard super
romantic dinner at Sonic it was great
we didn't have a lot of time but we did
do a little bit of shopping from got
some girly lotion stuff I don't know but
I got a new toy that's right
not just for fun my brother's having
like a paint ball capture the flag tie
party two weekends from now I think so
I didn't have a weapon now I do so
anyone out there who is really into
paintball give me some tips that's a tip
in 98 custom I know you can get like the
double trigger double action trigger and
some other upgrades but I'm super new to
paintball
all right boys are showered it's time
for her bed once you tell everyone good
night young man did you did you have fun
today yeah yeah you missed ninja yeah
yeah it's nice to kind of catch up after
being away for a minute people we hadn't
seen for a while huh
Colin hey Colin
won't you tell her one night buddy no
wait wait wait what is that it what is
it yeah
dude let's go let's go it's time for
school and coffee look I'm totally
breaking all conventions and putting the
actual creamer in before the coffee I
remember some of you guys say what are
you guys saying you put the cream in
first and you don't have to stir it oh
my that's all creamer I suppose then the
advantage because I gauge creamer by the
color it makes my cup of coffee this is
a what did you do
i cured a fly with your hands bare hands
okay
no when you kill a fly you're supposed
to eat it yes ha ha we just determined
that this little cell phone holder for
the windshield that suction cup here can
totally hold the camera that's that's
great Dave it's pretty damp right now
would be a good place to end the vlog we
get to get the kids off to school today
we get a busy day I'm we're going to a
little place called the backwoods fast
is Friday September 16th through Sunday
September 18th so it is all this weekend
and I wanted to a good buddy of mine
that I go to school with reached out to
me said hey you know we'd love to give
you tickets you just acted in my coffee
love to get me tickets to get in um so
he gave me a bunch of tickets for me and
my family to go and he also gave me four
tickets to give a
way to you guys so if there is anyone
local that wants to go to the backwoods
fest do a Google search try and check
out what it is it's it's literally just
a small craft and art show all country
theme based and stuff like that is
really cool lots of food and everything
well it's just a small pair technically
but if there's anyone local that wants
to go I can hook you up with four
different tickets so let me know in the
comments if you're local and you'd like
to go it is in Thornton Ville Ohio
tomorrow Seth and I should be starting
on the garage that will be Saturday so
I'm pretty excited for that and then
yeah make sure you guys tune in tonight
keep an eye on my Twitter for updates we
have live streams at 5:00 p.m. Eastern
on twitch TV for slash Gilroy gaming and
my good golly I think that's just about
all the updates we can handle for the
end of this video so that guys is where
we will leave you for today well thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here
