hey guys welcome back to the Jeep hope
everyone's doing wonderful we are still
on our way back home from our peach
vacation in case you missed yesterday's
video those Donuts were delicious
I had a bacon maple glaze
these guys are actually opening a donut
shop duck donuts in Ohio which is gonna
be really cool yeah
thinking Polaris area and we super
doubtful ooh check it out boys how you
holding up back there yeah you got to
have yours too but you were in the
battery dead that was the deal and once
again baby lies that doesn't like to be
in the car
adil so had a rough first part of our
trip not sure if we're gonna stay in a
hotel tonight or go all the way home
still in the air it depends on her
I'm sorry
here we are arrived at our hotel for the
night because we're not gonna take a
lies on another in our journey as I said
if she's been in the car
well she's enjoying this journey careful
okay simply stopping yes it was 8
o'clock which is a good time for us to
pull off for the night stopping at some
rest and then we'll have probably a
four-hour drive tomorrow at 1:00 yeah so
4 hours is way better than all those
hours we always check out of the hotel
the boys obviously didn't women of the
beach
and Liza looks like that's about as deep
as you can go baby girl she's trying
they're set up and everything you know
we didn't get in a lot I got locked up
one time on vacation we asked the desk
we were like yeah we had a crib when we
were renting the beach house we had no
no Liza no no no Liza and we were like
you guys don't have cribs in there yeah
we got cribs so we had they had
maintenance send up the crib and this is
the crib look I mean it's a pack of
light it's not like written but just
look at the structural integrity this
thing oh I appreciate the effort
Fairfield but they're gonna have to pass
on that thing Oh Veronica walked out
with it oh my gosh
Oh Michael walked out without a hat
without a key you oh jeez sorry you got
knocked down did you know I could see
all the way down to your stomach looking
through that thing yes I swear it's for
my life I love my mom and dad I don't
know about you guys but I'm ready to see
this view oh not a good one it's just a
parking lot it's all right oh no big
deal the coffee will make up for so it
is time for us to get out of here ready
we'll get back home with it first thing
we're gonna do what's the first thing
you're gonna do when you go home call
and tell me that's what I was gonna say
play the echo what's the first thing
you're gonna do when you get home take a
nap
hmm yeah what are you gonna lose the
first person you're ready to see me to
get home all right family one more leg
of this trip and then we're home we're
home I won't let you guys finish
watching this video you can't turn it
off now we're about to be home
you can't wait oh we can't wait and I
forgot to say a couple of these
travelers are so weary it's ok y'see
last night be nizzle got sick Carson got
sick why boys why is it didn't get thick
she's just like
so we're really close to Charleston
which is what I consider to be like the
homestretch this particular trip and I
think it was really funny as Eliza took
a nap she's awake she doesn't really
cried since we got in the Jeep this
morning she wasn't really threw a fit
and that's perfect and I think it's
super ironic that she's finally getting
a little more comfortable traveling at
the end of our trip
kids hey kids guess what let's get out
of here let go and Angel puppies it's
crazy that go come here where you going
angel Buffy how are you big check out
you can keep that
seriously hey mama Mama's here oh it's
good to be home she wanted to see nanny
when we pulled in she's like see Manny
hey mama
it's our house what do you think we're
home oh oh I'm so happy to be home
Oh so Mama's been staying here taking
care of the house what you think are you
glad to be home
did you give a corona angel big hugs
yeah last year when we came home Kirsten
yeah of course was a little bit younger
but we took him in that night and he
started cross he just missed his bed his
horn he bugs his home ant turd Lindsey
top top baby lies is some bad things but
pom-pom Prince is a bad but then she'll
sit hard torqued work
well let's not influence the baby to
twerk let's not do that
the pump is cute with the Turkmen is
this stuck
forget bigots the sword in the cage oh
look who's here
amber bump amber I just want to say I
missed the heck out of here we missed
all y'all we missed everybody cam asados
everyone's back home it's it's exciting
you know what that's perfect time to end
the video for today you know why epic
vacation so much and I can't wait to get
back on track start the office we're
home it's time to get busy
stuff thank you guys for coming with us
on epic vacation it was great for us I
hope you guys get to see some really fun
stuff we had a lot of fun so that guys
is where we're leaving for today thanks
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
