what's happening guys welcome to our
last full day at the beach it is a
beautiful day
we've been thankfully blessed with
beautiful weather for the majority of
our trip and I'm really glad that the
last day is like this yeah we are
spending the whole day at the beach like
I said and we are about to have some fun
with the our Sitra we just built a ramp
over here and then we dug out this track
that goes all around it's gonna be
pretty cool okay you got a go at it with
some speed dude oh he's crazy
nice whoops
baby lies has already had enough she's
going to take a nap on the beach maybe
we'll see
if she does is to be the first time
she'll ever have laid down and taking a
nap on the beach
she is out
she sure I'll actually sleep well down
here as long as oh my goodness look is
blown away huh I missed it
it's been an epic vacation I know on
camera it probably doesn't seem like you
know we did as much as we actually did
but I decided to use this vacation to
definitely kind of reset myself focus on
the family I'd rather be an awesome dad
and husband crappy vlogger been an
amazing vlogger and a crappy dad husband
so I feel like we did the right thing
this week and I can't wait to get back
home and start on the office I don't
know I kind of just want to go join them
and play in the waves so we're taking a
little break from the water we're still
at the beach and my dad got a new metal
detector and he wanted to bring it out
here and see if he can find treasure so
he's got all the boys only was just
staying so fun he's got all the boys
down here
oh it's going off
we hear something
smooth it out smooth the sand out so you
can see what's in there maybe you should
start digging with your hands first yeah
still down there
use your hands what is it
the corner looks like a coin oh that's
cool
put it under here it'll do all calling
found one who's there anymore boys get
down there look maybe lies along come on
a treasure hunt they found another one
we're finding buried treasure guys how
cool is that
it's a pirate Yeah right you're new
somewhere easy
turned blind in the sand
you didn't dirt
do it again dad
oh yeah Khloe and Logan one
okay so then all of you'll have one one
piece of buried treasure okay how cool
is that
yeah any more pirate's treasure I was
sure to find a treasure yeah well we
loaded up in the Jeep ready to go back
to the house for some food and some pool
what happened to me
so he's got to unload everything out of
the back to get to the jumper cables all
the way on the bottom of everything yep
oh my underneath everything give us a
jump here comes Scotty to the rescue
I don't always kill the Jeep but when I
do it's at the beach yes that's right
once again we left the power to the Jeep
on so we could charge our C batteries
and play the radio but okay olden
battery I killed it I killed it
man that metal detector was awesome yeah
finding some treasures down to man the
kids love that I bet oh yeah did you
imagine as a kid
your grandpa takes you out metal
detecting you're looking for treasure
and you actually find some gold boy whoo
that'd be epic Scott I was gonna say
thanks for showing off body hmm well we
have fun day at the beach it is that
time Scott how was your vacation epic it
was fun it was a lot of fun super
Charleston
yeah with kids we were talking about
taking a vacation we're just our wives
to a nice little three day seven - okay
but now is the time of our journey where
we prepare our vehicles for departure
Scouts Rd one step ahead of me cuz he
ain't got no sand not nothing you're
lucky mine's covered and the vacuum here
doesn't reach out and you can't pull up
up on that thing because it's just too
high of a lip but yeah man
tomorrow we'll be going home and I am
excited because I can't wait to see echo
and Angel and I can't wait to star in
the new office you're gonna be a part of
that I'm a part of that yeah it's gonna
come what's right be debris in my bone
so it's the time the evening errands I'm
getting all their stuff packed up done
Kathy's stuff it's all packed up right
here they got their vehicle backed up to
the door so chase there's gonna help
them load their stuff seriously my
shorts are full of shells oh yeah cuz in
Kiwi aid shorts suede raft preventative
now so don't get chafing trap we haven't
even fully started packing our stuff
yeah
we're late to wait till the absolute
last minute to do that Veronica wants to
check out you know she'll stuff on the
beach low tide so there's a lot of stuff
going on
and we just kind of wanted to relax on
the last eve of our vacation
and be together baby Eliza has had an
unforgettable experience I know would
you find is it a tennis ball
here's silly look at that know that
beautiful sunset I always always get
really bummed when I'm leaving vacation
especially here because it means so much
to us but uh you know there's always
next year and it gives us something to
look forward to you know what I mean so
I know a lot of you feel the same way
when you're leaving vacation I don't
know some people are probably like I
can't wait to go home but for me it's
like I just love it I love everything
about it it's like Christmas for me this
is one of my favorite shots I'll post it
on my Instagram so you guys can see it
better but that's one of the ones we
really wanted to get this time that's
right guys one last look at the beach
before we head out I got everything
packed into the Jeep we did things a
little differently this time because we
have to take that crib and it's got the
crib the mattress and the baby gate back
to the rental place so would have been
really weird to have all that plus our
bag with the luggage on top on top of
the Jeep so I was able to fit the
suitcase and everything else in here and
we'll put the crib on top so that way on
the way home we won't have anything on
top of the Jeep if it work out better we
didn't get as much stuff this time as we
usually do which is good so the girls
are upstairs cleaning we're about to
leave vacation it's kind of weird
everything in here is leaving and we're
still here yeah
usually we leave it like
by everyone else is gone already
some left at 3:30 some lets at 4:30 some
left at 6:00
daven stuff brother you actually left
last night which is for a smart move
it's really weird to wake up here and
there not be anyone else here did you
have a PC yeah you're on vacation the
stressors of life still find their way
and we won't go over that at this point
but it happens that we have to put on
top of that this should be fun it
how bad right
well guys did you guys have a fun
vacation tell me what was your favorite
part of this beach vacation mmm the
go-karts what about you Liza what was
your favorite part you need to come with
Daddy
is everyone ready back on the road and
into a perfect adventure right here's
the end of the line our last little bit
of driving on the beach you guys
everyone say bye to the beach everyone
say bye Beach
always a pleasure we made some fantastic
memory
say bye-bye Beach
by me
okay before we leave town we had to stop
at this place
jump Donuts fell they're so yummy now
help me hold box and I said
I got a bacon maple glazed donut and I'm
pretty stoked to tear into that bad boy
but that is where we're gonna leave you
guys for today very hand of our vacation
I hope you guys enjoyed what we did show
up vacation we had a lot of fun
it was just what we needed so here's to
safe and very long ride home thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here
