good morning everybody what's up welcome
to the vlog it's it's 9 o'clock in the
morning I gotta take Eliza to the
babysitter because today today is a film
day we are on the final stretch of
finishing up this project so cool we
have some really fun activities planned
for today not sure what I can show you
exactly but we won't be filming all day
long so we'll be able to do some fun
stuff with the kids afterwards so let's
go I'm sorry I didn't do your hair today
Liza I'm really sorry actually I'm in a
little bit of a hurry and I'll explain
why in a second but I didn't get her
hair done she looks like she just woke
up out of bed
oh good girl I love you ok yesterday we
were filming and left my shoes outside
and it started raining so now I don't
have a pair of shoes to wear
it's like gotta get a new sick Nike flex
quick stop at home had to change my
shirt oh honey it's not a camera ready
oh yeah
I'll see you after I love you angel you
guys be good okay you be good girls you
be good girls I had to skip past a
little bit of time because well we had
to keep on schedule look oh we're
driving oh my god
easy buddy I can see it I'll have a
backup cam are you feeling today papa
feel amazing feel amazing
check this out you know huh do it pop up
a yeah
when crew gets extra time and the props
kill it Odie get her Hank those kids are
so excited I can't blame him I would be
excited too I want to drive a Hummer
although it seems very very complicated
to start that thing I want to show you
guys some are you gonna show remember
that yeah
this right here is the house that I used
to live in when Ron and I were going to
school together that's your best
original house dude dude me and my
parents were sitting in the front living
room someone threw a snowball
at that from window
my parents got so mad pretty sure they
blamed it on you everything was blamed
on either they thought I would know if I
would honestly tell you if it was me I
do not ever remember throwing snowballs
with them it's not my style I would have
came up in that hit see that pull out
there I got watch my hat I'm kind of I
mean I don't know if I was officially
charged with pool duty just got off the
phone with the pool guys it's that time
of year if you haven't closed your poi
yet and right now we got lucky it's
still nice and warm here the time is now
it says green as the grass right now
look at that and more green what do
grown men eat when they're in a hurry
it's already late everybody's problem
nine minutes so far well you we're not
gonna be any good if we don't eat got a
food get a problem you got a brain power
to get yeah you know I got dairy cream
makes this flamethrower burger
uh should be called the I know what's
called the blender sandwich oh okay so
we finished for the day and I gotta tell
you what I'm hurt right now
you saw this morning I had to go and
pick up a new pair of shoes right okay I
should tell them the truth when you film
with me
never wear nice clothes you never wear
nice shoes how many times has that been
proven right I didn't have a choice
though turtle wore old shoes I didn't
have any other wish I pitched them all
what happened to go Chu she ruined
yesterday they're still wait
no but seriously look look what happened
to my shoes just now
no I'm gonna get the air compressor on
them I feel I think they'll clean up
there's a papal dose like that you wash
your car and immediately a bird craps on
it same thing man you get a new pair of
shoes and somebody steps on it or you
Tramp through field dust all the
family's over here because we're gonna
do a little bit of a cookout where's my
wife where are you going a little girl
how many steaks is here there's a lot
there's a lot of steaks let's hope this
grill can hold it what shoot it
oh so close yeah buddy oh boy oh boy
see that guy over there that's the
oddball out that one wants to be medium
you know that's slightly pink Center
Carson how do you like your steak it's
good you just like it good oh mac and
cheese swell all these kids have been
out here playing in the pond and you
know what it's been hot today so the
pond pride felt amazing it's been such
an amazing week the weather so warm
which is super weird for this time in
September about as warm as those steaks
oh we gotta get the kids home and go to
bed because we got another day tomorrow
right cam you know I never explained
what happened to your room you broke it
trying to be a mess this is great but
that's gonna happen you know that's
gonna happen if you ride BMX but you
don't let us stop you because that's
just a speed bump you're gonna be great
how's that even work Oh mad science this
is some science stuff let's say that
closer all right it's blue now with one
simple toss that's it it becomes yellow
my friends what was that trick editing
eejit is it it's pretty impressive I
mean it's a work of art I don't know we
need to see that in super slo-mo people
do incredible things and I think this is
one of them the moments where it's just
incredible to even find the parts rig
the parts make them work make it work
you change colors
I call it I'm gonna call it for gravity
it's a gravity come down singer to about
bedtime
I left today and left the dogs
everything was picked up so I thought
look at my poor headband total soggy
what are we gonna do with these dogs man
oh my gosh what is that Liza that's all
your hair ties who did that honey man
not only did the dogs chew up this
little hair tie container but it looks
like they got does that a peck of bread
now I realized that in today's video
there's there's a couple holes and like
especially on the on the like project
side of things obviously we can't really
film what's happening well I can't
anyways I hope you understand that the
project right now is like a big priority
the last leg of the race is happening
right now
June yet again go on a little trip
starting tomorrow and you know it sucks
to travel like that a lot but we're
getting some amazing things done I just
talked about going on a plane again and
the boys have drilled me with questions
one of which I thought was really cool
listen to this Liza
I've always wondered and I think has
something to do with something called
centrifugal force but when you're on a
plane and I always drink coffee on
Clinton notice like if the plane turns
so you see this wing go down and out the
window across this way you can see the
ground and the window episode mannequins
the sky and my cup would be on the tray
the tray table in front of me not once
does the liquid in the cup move like if
you were in a car and you're taking a
sharp curve or something and see the
liquid would move we'd be looking pretty
much sideways in a flame and the cup
didn't ever slide off my table
that crazy no you don't feel it at all
you feel something a little bit but you
don't really feel it as I you want to
say bye blog you wanna say goodnight
everybody take your thumb out there
silly all right my friends that's where
we're gonna leave you for today all
together right here as a family the best
way to have it yeah thank you so much
for watching
now wait to see you right back here
