how's everyone doing today I hope your
day is fantastic as good as ours lies
and I are just sit here on the beach
she's enjoying a nice little lollipop
pick good Liza yeah she's personally not
getting as sandy as I thought she would
she the boys used to rub sand on their
eyes and stuff and they cry and cry I
mean I would too but Veronica's out
there with the boys
boogie-boarding just having the best
time ever so thankful that we got good
weather it's beautiful hot it's awesome
so we built a proper ramp check this out
it's not huge but it is a ramp
Scott yeah let's ramp this RC do it
we've had our fun at the beach and now
it is time to continue Veronica's
birthday celebration what do you want to
do honey some what you wanted to do
swimming beach days shopping she wants
to go get a nice instead of having
dinner here tonight we're gonna go have
a nice dinner and a nice restaurant with
the family it's gonna be fun but first
okay so we sit and wait for the others
to get here and the restaurant to open
we're gonna go do a little shopping and
our first stop is the cotton gin boo
gladiator you wanna see something first
wants to show you something real quick
ah you found enough on the shelf girls
yeah girls and boys okay so as you can
see this place is a Tom stuff but I like
coming in here because they sell the
Vera Bradley line of purses I love beer
Bradley my wall is a beer Bradley I've
had it forever but they don't make the
kind that my wallet is and I love that
kind but I did find another person or of
a purse a smaller wallet and it's
smaller like side hanging bag
Kathie's dropping the goods Veronica got
a nice little Viera Bradley purse couple
persons got a couple Oh and a wallet
from the cotton gin back there we're
getting ready to go have her birthday
dinner at route 12 it's a little steak
and seafood Veronica doesn't like
seafood I do
she loves steak this is the perfect
place to go if you want both if you have
a mixed family or doesn't like seafood
its route falls a good spot those legs
dude
that's why you've been one since we shot
here huh
Oh
hate it oh yes don't forget the butter
here we are Veronica and myself with the
baby outside while everyone's in there
waiting for food to be done
Eliza once again but she's that baby
that baby you know the one one when you
go in a restaurant and everyone's quiet
in the restaurant but there's this one
screaming baby that's Eliza a little bit
of after-dinner play very nice be
careful there's other people up there
baby
who's got the fire scene charts we're
gonna need a fire extinguisher
Jamie
this happens thing there's no there's no
way I can show you guys you may have
just saw a little bit over there I'm
standing on the dune it's complete dark
but the waves are there like
bioluminescent they're glowing it's like
a light green the only way I can capture
it is by photo with a long exposure and
I'm doing pretty well I got a really
cool shot of it you'll just have to look
on my Instagram I'll post it on my
Instagram but it's crazy man that's a
long exposure no lights it's complete
dark out here
haha that's so cool here moon rock dance
in the I know you can't see with the
light on
the non will see it
let's see
no it's not bright enough
and I'll brighten up
anyway Veronica's Veronica's doing the
moonwalk
on moonlit Beach I mean a glowing Beach
oh I could see it look you can see it
for a second
I wish everyone could see this in real
life it's awesome oh my god
you gotta move gotta move so basically
we wake up this morning and there's at
our the horses underneath our car park
that's insane they're all just taking
care of business in here trampling on
some bags yeah there is one of them took
a deuce right on that wakeboard dang
that's insane
the whole group right up here at our
house everything's freshly wet from a
nice little rainstorm I think it's over
now but we lost our sunshine guys all
those horses down there pretty cool
pretty cool morning to wake up and find
like seven one two three four five six
seven eight horses right downstairs
that's wild so Veronica's running into
town Carson actually saw this Elf on the
Shelf toy that he wanted to pick up for
her to play with he's crazy about the
Elf on a shelf so they're gonna go
content
she's gonna get some other things and
I'm about to lay lies it down for a nap
which means it is the perfect time for
me to edit video I hope you guys are
enjoying our videos here from the beach
they aren't typically what I usually put
up it's just been really kind of crazy
managing our time together enjoying
vacation while also creating videos and
taking care of the kids and making sure
they're having fun too so that's why the
vlogs have been a little I don't know
sporadic and it is what it is we're
having a blast we're doing exactly what
we came here for which was to relax kind
of reset our minds so we'd appreciate
you hanging in there with us that guys
is where we are going to leave you for
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching I can't wait to see you
right back here
