what's up guys starting the day here
Dunkin Donuts we're getting some iced
coffee because it is warm out I got a
little stumped something in this bag
thank you
ah look at the weather this turned out
to be an incredible vacation so far
little rough little rough start but
we're all getting by we had to come in
town Scott would you have to pick up
Lindsey's Lindsey cents Scott and all of
us into town to get something a guy
doesn't really usually get work feels
uncomfortable doing it I had to get one
of these whole apple fritter you want
you want something Scott I'll give you
some I'll split it with you I will I
promise
speak now or forever which means take a
bite of it you ones first bite Oh
all right this is the fun part we're
getting back on the beach and on our way
down again the whole time we've been
here so far the beach has been so
shallow standard water
he's been underwater yo it's so crazy
Scott was saying this earlier
every time we come down here it's
completely different little landscape
and everything's changed there are two
of these back roads that we used to take
the they're not even there anymore
they're past what you can't get by so
it's like really really strange to see
this place so different blessed I'll
show you a second on the beach there's
like
miles of strong some kind of straw that
washed ashore from a storm of the
hurricane again it's just really crazy
that the dynamic in the beach has
changed every time
all this grass I guess
straw I don't know what it is exactly
but there's so much of it all up and
down the beach like I said we've never
really seen that kind of we've never
seen that here this guy took off for
work oh ah I lost some money huh they
better get it quick welcome to Sun
loaded shirt oh you got it nice yeah
let's see it yeah get up beside him oh
no wonder there isn't as much they got
bulldozers out here in there cleaner
I thought they just left it whoa Oh
Scotty
Connor almost came in trying to get you
so Brian how's your first Outer Banks
experiencing I love it love it yeah they
actually drove their car up the beach
because round drove her car yeah right
now the ruts aren't as bad as they can
be hopefully at last yeah it's not like
awful on your way out
you guys can pull this out on Saturday
we might have to look at the furrow
Damon has here we go they haven't
cleaned up this section here this is
what is like all the way up the beach
all that stuff
Eliza's over here trying on some new
shoes
you like those this is that's Silas he's
taking a nap yeah but I like your shoes
nice shoes Liza
she literally pulled us downstairs that
she wanted Chloe shoes so thank you
Chloe for letting her try them on she
loves it
are we walking on the beach guys yeah
we're going we're doing it
it is the hour before dinner pretty much
and we're responsible for doing the
cookout tonight but we're gonna go see
it's low tide we're going to take a walk
on the beaches to be fun all together as
a family
you
you
you
all right this is our take from the
shell hunting calling the file say earth
that's Grammys on political stuff nice
it is pretty tiny all right you guys
watch your toes watch your toes Rogen
right go back to the house and make
these awesome burgers
I will not mess with the meat I promise
okay promise I won't mess with the me
that's me - you will - this horse out
there yet again right there OOP it's
about to get crazy in here have all this
hamburger - patty Oh Patty's patties
patties
that's only one tray I patted my butt
off Scott did super patty dance with the
Pat eNOS in full effect funky fresh
we got neighbors Sam same over there by
Pro elect who are these people but it's
alright what you got here yeah check out
this awesome
until we choose selfie selfie so just
trying to figure it out
just the selfies don't downgrade the
subs dude that's highly sophisticated
piece of film equip their photo here for
the beach has appeared I don't know I'm
down here grilling and Dallas setting up
hammocks I'm just getting that chill on
maximum view yeah I want one of these
kind of that's like there's only like
ten bucks at a DJ mag's
really
seems pretty light it's a comfy or what
yeah you're gonna wrap yourself up like
like a Avatar right now
yeah just cocoon it out nice yeah guys
why did it take the better part of the
evening to make some boy late I came
down here Cal side because I seen
smoking right and then I walked me down
here because I smell it and the grills
on fire
not only was it on fire there was like
five foot flames coming from what I
remember is a bunch of smoke they're
telling us history I I called the grill
on fire it was a big flame to lots of
them and we ruined all the food we had
to start over with brats that's all we
got left so epic fail on the grill grill
master guilt
boom finally sorry guys it took so long
what time is it we're eating that what
we're bringing I like it no more
I can't wait to smash this bratwurst
hamburger cheeseburger pasta salad mom I
just want you to know I love you mom I
love you I'm glad you're on vacation
with me you get to stay in one hop to go
do you want a high-five or something how
was dinner yeah look the cleanup is
happening dinner's been had and the
cleanup is happening right now Cathy
thank you for a wiping the table can I
take over I was asking if you only have
one conversation at a time I was asking
you if you wanted me to take the trash
out yeah okay are you done with it then
oh I think so
there's just one more thing smell my
finger ah this is lit hey did you guys
know that
Veronica's birthday is tomorrow how are
you gonna be 24 yeah 22 hmm this secret
let it be a secret but you are getting
there
how would you get though I'll love you
forever and ever till the end of time
and did you also know that our
anniversary is coming up to September 12
2009 yeah
when we were first married was it 2:30
p.m. most people can remember their
anniversary I remember the actual year
yeah and this time yeah check it out
guys Carson is demonstrating my new
special underwater flashlight hi it
seems to be doing really well no I
bought it yeah dude I bought it it's
fully submersible only up to six feet
though figured I figured if we ever get
caught in a situation where we're
underwater and we need light
we got an underwater flashlight it's
underwater hello camera jump in the pool
and do some crazy tricks now you can now
see what it's like for us on vacation as
parents with kids they may require of
large attention what have you been doing
at we haven't really seen much of you in
the vlogs cuz you guys been like out of
control doing all kinds of stuff but
what is what's your favorite part so far
um um we went across the boardwalk and
um log in and his mom and dad built us a
really big village of sand castles right
up there on this on the sand yeah what
yeah well this while I was cooking
hambert and they do a volcano really
well we're gonna spend a lot of time at
the beach tomorrow so we'll do some sand
castles of our own okay what if we go
crab huntin tomorrow night oh you wanna
just ramen crunching oh I've got just
the right flashlight it's waterproof
it's getting close to bedtime and
torture by the Sun
we're going to have a snack and then
kids are going to go to bed baby was
gonna go to bed that is the part of the
night where the adults kind of get to
like chill you know I'm saying my does
sit down oh you sit down so Lindsay and
I she's sitting over there holding her
seat down we're all here just hanging
off the kids and the kids play ball I'm
is downstairs planet Logan Lantern yeah
I want to start started calling whimsy
and told her turn she they took better
that's like up your aunt turn turn hey
Liza come here Liza come here come here
for a second
just art you know I'm gonna leave him
right here yep that's where the sandal
stay the kids are in bed and we are
gonna go take a nice little walk on the
beach right outside the house it's so
nice
mr. Krabs and untimely demise
a subdued soldier here I got shitty you
just shell off
you're going to eat him oh yeah
yeah
Peter Brian eat a crab check out all the
seafoam
it's crazy
well that is a giant pillow of foam look
at all that you saw me like
disintegrates
there that is crazy
oh I know like a big a debauch that
dude the sea is a giant bubble bath
right now I mean out there from it
didn't
look at this beautiful day we've been
given look at this so we go out last
night and check out the beach and it was
a lot of fun we came back here and
played some ridiculous adult version of
like a ad-libbed
game had a couple drinks went to bed
feeling great today is Veronica's
birthday and you couldn't ask for
anything better I mean blue skies the
Sun is out the beach is relatively calm
there's still red flags up so you can't
swim but uh today's gonna be a good day
that your secret hiding place
Eliza your simple what do you want to do
honey it's your day tell room what we're
gonna do exactly oh he'll reach its
shopping you know whatever you want I
have to spend a little bit of time when
we go down to the beach to edit the vlog
it's very tricky to get time to create
these videos while on vacation but
somehow are still unable to pull them
off so thumbs up for that you guys and
thumbs up for Veronica's birthday today
she's super young not old at all not old
at all hey guys that is where we are
going to leave before today make sure
you come back tomorrow see what we get
up to for Veronica's birthday thank you
guys so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right here
tomorrow
