it's a horse just chillin just Dutch
Ellen what is up guys good morning
welcome to vacation it has turned out to
be a very beautiful day we just saw
horse right in our driveway what do you
think of that dude you're gonna go say
hi to him oh yeah
you're not allowed though hmm you aren't
allowed to come within 50 feet of them
oh he's getting close we might want to
move buddy he's gonna eat my dad's truck
uh-huh he's gonna eat it he's gonna eat
grandpa's truck Arthur let's see what
he's up to
Oh
he's just going around he wants to go in
the front yard that's so wild man pun
intended
we're doing here I'm Dallas yoohoo giddy
maybe in the face thousand bucks you go
and ride that bad boy right now let's
see the cash okay charge them up go pro
I think I need new batteries for that
thing because it always it goes dead
very very quickly but uh see what
everyone else is up to
they've already spent we've already
spent the morning we went down checking
out the beach it was cool but it wasn't
what it is now earlier it was gloomy
cloudy but the wind is let down some is
out look at our view here there's be
nizzle tubby nizzle you're right here
swimming yeah you won't give these to
Grandma hey Colin what you wanna try and
drive your RC truck Wow let's see if the
battery's charged dude alright dude we
got a fully charged battery Oh power
buttons over here oh it's on your foot
don't hit me
nice dude it's awesome
all right
oh yeah all right watch what I was doing
earlier okay
I'll uh pick up that I might have
you're doing great Colin lies is just
playing in the sand this is perfect you
guys this is what vacation is all about
being in such a beautiful place right on
the beach family with the people you
love the most
even you Dallas even you man what just
saying oh my god it's our sea-fight
all right so you guys have seen this
game before the ring-toss game it's tea
I'll throw the ring off tea details fit
right on throw the ring it's tied to a
string on the eye you try and hook it
sure right there that's how you score
see you hook it first try line it up put
some oomph in it
Oh not bad
what's your hotter that's somebody bring
me a mirror in the kitchen dinner Cathy
anybody hungry yeah we are having sloppy
joes we've got a crock pot full of it
over here hot stuff mac and cheese and
there's an awesome specialty to dessert
it's free pizza this is like a giant
sugar cookie with sugar and cream cheese
icing and then we welcome
humming fruit that we've got a cylinder
here this is going to be the desert to
be all deserts it is so good am i
setting the bar high from the rest of
the week mm-hmm yeah I'm gonna have to
do creme brulee or something Oh oh we
got cookies perfect well just that time
again oh we got extras down here good
night Chloe
Oh Heiser you're so cute it's no good
hey buddy Mary what exactly are you
playing Minecraft Silas Silas monster
night boys hey night boys okay so
there's literally right there while we
are we're gonna play pool look like
cards Oh
another Oh third cup down we had a
beautiful break up there yes you
deliciousness with Tabasco sauce thanks
to this lady thank you for the eggs my
love did you sleep well better yeah we
put the kids to bed and into the playing
cards against humanity' but that Inge
takes for up off and I didn't really
film any of it and we went to right to
bed afterwards just kind of you know
soaking up the I mean look this is where
we're at we're just enjoying the beach
for the time being without overly doing
vlogs and stuff I know you guys want to
see some cool stuff I wanted to take the
drum up yesterday but it's still way too
windy
we might try and take it up tonight
because the winds are supposed to go
down to life 5 miles an hour which would
be great
alright my friends while I have the time
to actually sit down and edit I need to
do so because if I don't the time will
get away from me we are in charged
cooking dinner tonight and we have a
barbecue to handle so it's grill master
girl back at again no I won't be messing
with any and ones food putting anything
in it or anything like that kind of want
to keep it chill for the moment Veronica
comes into the bathroom our bathroom we
each have our own and assume she sits
down she hears pop someone put their
called poppets or something the noise
makers like you buy on my firework
stores someone taped them to the
underneath of her toilet seat so I think
my brother and his wife are starting a
little something-something but yeah
that's where we're gonna leave before
today guys thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
