hey guys welcome to the Jeep again in
the Jeep
still we actually just had breakfast a
little place called stacking my pancakes
it was really nice also very stressful
like listen we've been having the
toughest time between the weather the
travel and the kids
Eliza does not she's not having this
right now um but the good thing is we're
getting ready now to head to our beach
house however it may prove to be a very
very difficult task because of the storm
and the hurricane they said it's
impassable at the moment the house was
supposed to have a crib but it's not
there we have to actually go to a
different place to rent it
but we're fully loaded so we're gonna
have to go up here wait till we can get
in the house drop our gear come back in
town get a crib and then go back to the
beach house plus we're high school then
Cathy aren't gonna drive their vehicle
on the beach right now how's it so bad I
won't make it I need us to say today is
gonna be awesome
Liza where's daddy
I'll go back to it
Oh Oh careful
oh good
shiver me timbers
what you think we can pull it off I
think so looks pretty hot in here for
the past couple years we've been coming
here knowing the landscape like how this
place is
there's wild horses on the beach I've
always thought of a really crazy prank
that we travel Horsehead Max and I think
today for this year just a perfect year
don't go Eliza we came we made in Kerala
we're at a place called Timbuktu it's a
shopping center there's two huge
buildings both with parking underneath
here I know it is it's it's still pretty
insane out there guys we don't know if
we'll be able to get into our beach
house yet
we're just playing by ear apparently
we're trying to just wait out this storm
but
oh dude how was the drive the trap was
fun right
the big bridge is completely closed had
a semi blow off oh no kidding yeah well
it blew it off it was the most intense
thing I've ever been through oh geez I'm
not Lindsay how do you feel about
Lindsay being here everyone showing up
Oh where'd you find Liza you got some
beach toys you can play in the sand yeah
we made our way to the food store
usually what we do is we get into town
and we all go and do some grocery
shopping so that each night one
different family makes the meal so but
tonight I think we're just gonna grab
stuff that we need that we can make if
the power goes out because it's really
really bad out there from what we hear
and we may not have power cooking look
at this packed job yeah they just did
all right I feel like how are we gonna
get all this we don't have room in the
Jeep she's like we'll put it in my car
there's room I got honey but your hair
is going out of control Amelie yeah
hurry up have fun we want to get to the
house I'm dragon Prairie hurry had to
hurry
we got water just hair we're making it
Oh some deep water old understand is
blowing across the thing we're hitting
the beach guys okay I don't care the
kids group screaming in the night for
Sunday was ready for them
we're hitting the beach oh my gosh the
ocean yeah there we go
we have to go to mile marker 49 eight
miles up the beach
we're really close to where our house is
so we always like coming back here and
checking out these look there's so much
flooding that is
crazy
I don't want to show you guys too much
of the driving on the beach just yet
because it gets way better than what it
is right now yeah this is really strange
Wow he's got it that's the idea in this
condition okay all right I think we're
gonna have to unload real quick and go
back in town and get Kathy and Brian I
think their car actually could make it
but yeah coming back on the back roads
cause we're staying here so it's been a
couple hours a very frantic rush it's an
hour and 10 minutes before the place we
rented the crib we just picked up closes
and the roads are crazy back we'll show
you a little bit more way back with
Scotty came with me to make sure I went
well that went well
have you ever seen the ocean so angry um
oh oh this angry so they're breaking for
way way way way way out far as you can
see this where they're breaking and then
they're breaking again and again and
again
they said like 10 12 foot swells
all right look at this look at this back
road
it's crazy
this is like perfect off-road condition
yes well until the ocean meets the
trails know which way I want to go I see
you peeler cuz they are like ten axis
Gimbels built into why we're trying go
back this way now and see what that
looks like
yeah well you know there's the other
side haha Oh check it out
geez look we're up there we are up there
on a dune we're doing it dude
look up there these people and that
guy's in a two-wheel-drive s10 not sure
how he's getting around here we're just
trying to get back to the house
lyza this is all for you this is for me
to trust ya
the wind is blowing right at us look at
the sand
drifting
check me out I'm on a Jeep oh dude these
jeeps man I love it look what I brought
oh look what I brought this is gonna
save our lives whatever it cost it was
worth every penny
oh so much I wish would have been to
deliver it the delivery fee itself is a
hundred dollars 100 should have just
dated how was the beach I wrecked the
Jeep hey you didn't know yeah it's gonna
cost at least 100 dollars to fix the
headlight and the bumper I destroyed are
you for real
I'm telling you right now I'm telling
you that I'm not for real ah trying to
make all the all the commodities of
being away from home but still like home
come on Anderson baby monitor setup
perfect I think we should to change the
angle though where where if you're gonna
hang it from up there but then no no
let's do it Oh
their kids room the room that usually
has two bunk beds is most often occupied
by all the kids call it what do you
think of the beach house dude I love it
yeah you every inch Hey you're sleeping
with blaze it's like a huge sleepover
and we've got a horror bad for Chloe
dude this is Lindsay what do you think
about this awesome what do you think
about the weather could be better but
we're having fun we took a short walk
out to the beach because we just wanted
to see it and the sand literally
sandblast our legs it's the worst thing
ever
happy vacation boys happy vacation Colin
mmm
because I'm always on vacation woke up
with seven and a half hours of sleep
last night feels good feels good then we
stayed up a little longer than the kids
last night had a drink and then we all
were like yeah we're tired let's go to
bed and so we did but look at my view
this is what I wake up and walk out on
my deck and see
it's not the top level so you can still
see just a little bit of the ocean but
listen to her
it wasn't super chilly last night I
would have just definitely slept with
the door open so you could hear that
ocean just Shh
love that sound how's the coffee first
thing I did when I get here is I checked
the coffee maker in the coffee maker was
a bunch of residue and nastiness back
there you know me gotta have my coffee
they say it's good I ran like five cups
left through it just water last night
it's good what do you think we should do
today Scott well whatever we want mmm
tears of that mm-hmm I came out to check
the condition of the pools as you know
this summer I've been quite obsessed
with pools in this one need some real
help I think I have to I have to only
imagine it was the wind and all the sand
that came in but the whole entire pool
was filled with sand pretty bad
so is that kiddie pool yes the frogs
everything is just covered with sand
from the wind
wish I had a skimmer and some chemicals
I'd whip this thing right up yeah
so I think guys what we're about to do
is go down and check out the beach I
will wrap today's video so that we can
start anew and I'll edit this
I'm so sorry that these vlogs have been
kind of like sporadically uploaded but
trust me it's been an absolute bear
trying to get any internet service
because the storm in Alaska so do
appreciate you guys sticking in there
and being so patient stuff that my
friends is where I will leave you for
today thank you so much for watching
can we see you right back here more
