list hey guys :
ah we are starting the vlog here right
after school
Colin sitting doing his homework yeah
he's he's getting pretty easy and you
want to say hi say hi say hi to everyone
you're gonna lose your straw here in
your juice box there there you go
it's homework time um they should be
sending home all their schoolwork and
homework for next week um so they have
stuff to do while we're gone they sit
down every morning at breakfast and do
their reading and schoolwork and then we
can have fun for the rest of day I am
still trying to sort all these clothes
and get them in the luggage as you can
see right now there's nothing in there a
towel so yeah Wisie are you going to go
to the beach you don't even remember
what the beach is like do you one thing
we have to take on vacation with us is a
high chair well high chairs aren't
usually very yeah travel here here
oh very easy to travel with I guess is
what I'm trying to say so we have this
right car preparedness AI geez
daddy oh say this is the problem when
you're getting it around this part this
is so stretched out but I can't get it
it's done you just gotta wipe this part
off from on the food we got a clean
highchair to go on vacation pull right
here over here over here look it's all
gone is it live actually kind of scared
me a little bit I'll analyze a daddy's
home
it's home from getting his hair cut you
won't go give him chips there he is
you got some chips for daddy's do them
chips oh you got an Liza
ringing me how are you tricking me say
got you hey honey you're a fresh haircut
yeah you like yeah I like your hair
better come in yeah I got my hair done
today - I don't know they can tell on
camera but cuz I not noise I didn't get
much cut off huh just to do more layers
put in it but it I definitely got it
died back darker cuz it was way washed
down and just me some highlight yeah I
would call earth yeah some nice colors
this is some super nice colors the boys
ran over to my mom's to get shirts that
she brought back for them from
um the Bristol race that they go to she
brings some shirts back and allies was
super sad when the boys went and she
didn't get to go so my mom came over to
see Eliza and we're gonna Liza wants to
give Nana some chips give them to Nana's
who try these chips Nana be good is Nina
gonna like them
do you want to open them for Nina yeah
for them Denise's chips original flavor
okay we got his lies and we got her we
scared mama
you won't Maddie try some your chips
Liza ready say try uh money they're good
huh this is funny I've gotten all these
people and she I keep repacking it and
she keeps taking it to new people did we
get Bobby I'll know about the doggy are
you watching me sprout this hand I am
watching you they are yeah
Amber's had us over for dinner tonight
guys do you think I should be worried
and then should I be nervous or
or what I mean it is it is just
forgetting there's only one pot I don't
see any spare so tonight we had a live
stream the last one before we go on
vacation and it was just a coincidence
that the battlefield one open beta was
released today and we live streamed the
open beta and I gotta say the
battlefield one game very very good very
good
you like those tactical shooters
battlefield 1 is gonna be very good
Caleb hmm yeah I put a little bit of
parmesan on my spaghetti you know what I
like most about Hanson laughs she's that
girl in high school who just like always
gets her work out and gets ace on
everything right yeah
Oh Oh
sorry miss me and I'm gonna miss her
yeah you gotta be a part teller Carson
don't cry say don't cry mommy
no it's Veronica's birthday while we're
at the beach Bieber on its birthday and
if we were here amber would be with
Veronica celebrating her birthday but
that's not going to be the case I know I
know
that's right well I'm gonna give her a
birthday present
right on time what we have to do is get
the kids in bed the boys are still going
to go to school tomorrow so that way
during the day they're occupied and we
can finish packing the Jeep Veronica's
gonna load the suitcases I totally
thought that was to be done last night
but we're not gonna put anyone on blast
I couldn't
I'm wishing you put all the stuff the
clothes that were taken into a suitcase
put it by the back door so I can then
load that into the bag on the top of the
Jeep in the other garage so it's done
done secretly I just want to put my roof
rails to good juice as quickly as
possible it's getting late good C is 10
minutes after midnight I just wish this
was done already
oh right not bad good not bad
all right we don't have a whole lot of
time so I'm gonna just I'm gonna go
ahead and pack that night okay yeah get
it get the Jeep packed everything else
is over there on that dog kennel gotta
go
oh here the kitchen sink yep
all five of ours clothes doesn't make
sense
all fives as a oh my this is ours buzz
ended up actually getting everyone's
clothes all five of us in the one
suitcase for a week plus blankets in
crib sheets and then all that yeah I'm a
heck of a Packer
all right friggin coppaFeel for you
David Blaine picking Criss Angel magic
once a little oh it's magic the cockpit
is prepared so I got my GPS I got a
camera that we can use to flip and watch
outside the car or inside the car and
then my phone holder so I can have my
music and stuff right here easily
accessible is in my cockpit alright now
just finish rein Xing the windows if
you've never used rain-x I will strongly
advise you to use rain-x rain-x is
awesome if you have crappy windshield
wipers or if you're like me I hardly
ever like to use my windshield wipers
for some reason I just don't it's it's
so nice the water literally just feeds
off bye Kathy
look Kathy came over for a pre-launch
meeting yeah we will be leaving here as
soon as Bryan Broncos dad gets off work
so the boys will get off the bus and
then within like the half hour we'll be
out of here so I just did the
last-minute preparations as far as
getting the floor mats back in Liza's
car seats ready to go amazingly enough
my camera gear only takes up this much
space and yes I'm taking that mm-hmm
we're not gonna have much here but we're
gonna have that suitcase and a couple of
our like beach chairs up in the bag on
top and now that we've got the rails we
don't have to worry about any leakage
it's gonna be great
so like we are ready to go on vacation
goodbye Ohio so with that being said
guys it is about time for me to say au
revoir rebuy dead of G for today
we gotta edit the vlog and then take a
little nap I guess before we leave we
won't arrive at our destination till
about 2:00 3:00 in the morning which
kind of
but it'll be better for the kiss that
way so that my friends is we're relieved
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here on vacation
