what's up everyone I can't be the only
one who gets really super pumped when
you're getting ready for vacation man is
Archie dirty I do apologize terribly
that we didn't get a video up for you
guys yesterday but my to-do list is very
lengthy and we used yesterday to get a
lot of it done today pretty much the
only thing I have left to do is clean
out the Jeep and I'm a big fan of
detailing vehicles we got the vacuuming
done it looks I'll just put my feet in
here now I got and I'm ruining
everything I'm ruining everything
everything's vacuumed look really really
good I will say this I need some whole
street cleaner because our seats are
looking pretty weathered aside from
cleaning the Jeep guys I am having a
fantastic day the Sun is out the weather
is great I don't know about you but I am
I'm in very very high spirits we're
about to communication we're about to
have the best time ever and hope you
guys are as excited as I am because
we're gonna have a lot of fun but we've
got to finish this project first
tomorrow we load up and then Thursday
after the kids get out of school we take
write the H out of here hi guys
we're gonna her ocation I'm sorry if I'm
talking a little funny or my face looks
a little funny I went to the dentist
today and had to get some repair on some
cavities so they numbed me and this side
of my face is still well-known extra
Chargers Dramamine for the kiddos cuz
they get carsick and these fancy little
things these are the cheaper tractors
they put in your mouth and there's a
game I'm not sure what it's called that
you get these in the game and then cards
to say phrases while you have these in
your mouth and we're going to do
little challenge thing at the beach with
everyone so I am just gonna get online
and come up with my own phrases that I
think would be funny to say so yeah
that's what I'm doing I'm trying to get
everything packed yeah that's one thing
after the next but soon very very very
soon we'll be at the beach these boys
have already done their homework and
read books so I allowed them to have
some time on the Xbox to kind of stay
out of my hair so I can get something
done
Collin yeah you ready for the beach heck
yeah
Carson what you ready for the beach
yeah yeah there's daddy what did daddy
do he killed the Jeep
I can't drain the battery no it's a
simple fix all we gotta do is push it
out of the garage and I can jump it with
the Honda oh you go put that back down
before it scrapes abroad okay I got
interrupted we gotta we got some
visitors duck here's in Rick and Amanda
and amber loves it
his new name is Uncle duck uncle Doug
what up y'all y'all I'm uncle Doug okay
we got to move the Jeep so if you guys
would please clear this area we're I got
a dead Jeep so we gotta move it yeah you
can see it or you want to push do you
want to be a big
tell me how clean it is in there first
hold on look at this guys look look at
this I'm just going to give you the tour
check it out check it out
everything is super clean now now
there's a little bit of stuff on the
floor again because well I mean I've
been in and out in and out after I
vacuumed doing all the the side panels
and the dash and all that stuff it looks
good doesn't it yeah yeah yeah yeah for
sure and don't steer my Jeep into any
other vehicles all right there just a
quick jumpstart yeah we got a clean look
at the wheels man this is this is a
disgrace look how bad those are the
other side's worse so I wanted to get
something to clean the tires and I found
this because it cleans both the wheels
and the tires and a nice little scrub
brush
Wow that is night and day look at that
oh my gosh look here you see that I
think that's a broken belt there's
another one here too hey all done with
that the Jeep guys is looking fantastic
but we can't work all day we gotta have
some fun what have you told me you're
dying to do with this ramp it ramp it so
we built we have a little piece of
plywood that's just a little ramp we
don't want to go too crazy at first all
right we don't want to break it so we're
gonna do some ramps not bad no I'd say
your first attempt at ramping it has
been really successful you ready
that's about all the better she's got I
remember reading that you don't want to
run these completely dead but definitely
it's lost a lot of power I won't do a a
wheelie when you throttle it so I think
we only got what like 15 minutes out of
one battery when we get back from
vacation we're definitely going to stock
up on a few more batteries and get that
dual charger make this thing make this
thing super awesome
I can't wait to do more with it I'm
definitely gonna get one soon look
Amanda's got legit legit stuff happening
here yes look baby lies I got her
Oh nails David Oh Liza are you gonna end
up painting daddy's toenails when when
you get older is that gonna be our
moment I feel like throughout history I
think little girls did their daddies and
you're not a good dad if you don't let
your daughter i just put lies it's bed
and i don't think i've shown you guys
but by Liza has recently picked up she
grabs a little baby little baby doll
like one of these guys so grab up one of
these little baby doll and she'll just
carry it around with her and now she
likes to go to sleep with the little
baby dolls
it is cute yeah you give me hot
all right Carson time to give hugs and
kit you know I'm gonna miss you echo
while I'm on vacation I sure do wish you
could come with me
and you too angel I miss you too puppy I
will I will he see she's a boxer not the
dog but an athlete yeah I don't know if
any of you are like Veronica or have
wives or girlfriends like Veronica this
chick will literally attack the kitchen
sink bro and I'm not joking she will
take not only this suitcase I know it's
old it looks like grandma's suitcase but
that one and another one for all of us
is that a lot I feel like that's a lot
it's not a lot for a whole suitcase and
another one I'm telling you that's a lot
of clothes to go on vacation I need a
pair of swimming trunks a tank top and
my flip-flops and that's it
we didn't miss the bus today dude that
is a heck of an accomplishment give me a
fiver
give me a fiver for that hey have a good
day guess what we go to the beach
tomorrow what's the first thing you're
gonna do when you get to the beach I
think the right answer is dipping your
toes in the ocean because there's hot
tubs and pools and all that stuff here
but we don't have the ocean you say you
need your shoes too huh oh well I'm
gonna teach you the secret not the
traditional way of timeshares the world
record breaking speech tie shoe method
theory thing watch that take this I
believe you have used to have to tie
them like this alright process it like
that but you take this one and let's see
it's kind of hard to talk talk through
it but you get it both your thumbs
underneath and your fingers and you have
to do like this this kind of pattern and
then you grab with the finger on this
end and the finger up here and it's time
screech off play it back practice you'll
get it well get out of here buddy have a
great day I love you long time
that's fine I'll give it to him tomorrow
don't you worry love you
mm-hmm all right guys Eliza is having
breakfast I'm gonna follow suit get some
get some food in me we got to pack our
suitcases we got we've got our bags
ready to pack we're gonna pack the bags
and get ready for this vacation I hope
you guys are excited as I am we leave
tomorrow so that guys is where we're
going to leave before today I want to
say thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
