what up guys welcome to today's video
today we have some work to do
and well we got to do a lot of you know
we're going on vacation so we got to get
the Jeep ready with oil oil filter glass
cleaner we need to fire the shop back
and fully clean in detail at this Jeep
so that we're ready to go in how many
games
five five days to vacation you leave at
work oh that's right everything before
yeah I got Lindsey with me just finished
dropping off Oh Lindsey okay yeah I
successfully killed just enough time to
pull this over into dinner mama was
making roast she does like a Sunday
roast vacation is right around the
corner and I can't contain myself either
it the memories that we make while we're
on these beach vacations like that's why
we always go back under some of you have
asked why do you always go to the same
place
it's like a it's like family tradition
you don't mean like like Christmas
basically you look forward to Christmas
you have this tradition every year
Christmas comes and you get together
with your family and everything and for
us like that Christmas tradition has
changed because we've all got our own
families and stuff now but it's just
like this recurring thing we know every
year we're gonna get together with our
family and have the absolute best time
ever at the beach this beautiful place
we all love to be at so that's why we
always go back to Outer Banks because
we're building this like
annual tradition what you got cuteness
you got magnets you playing what are you
trying to find this looks delicious
what was your morning beautiful mama
think you've heard dinner you're very
very welcome
mmm it's delicious but unfortunately
it's 6:30 and I only have a little bit
of daylight left you know what I changed
my oil change your oil what happened
what the matter we gotta go do an oil
change on the Jeep and while I'm in
there I might as well do some sanding I
still need to finish that stuff so had
to spend a little bit of time with Eliza
she was cranky that's okay she's in bed
just gonna nap I'm a little concerned
though the Jeep is still wicked hot but
that's not gonna stop me
it's pretty tight on here but a good
thing about having a jeep is it's pretty
high like the ground clearance is great
you don't usually have to jack it up
I will admit raising the Jeep will
probably make things a lot easier but I
don't always take the easy way
okay-y that's really on there whoa oh
there we go
I usually just hang out down here until
it's fully drained and then put the plug
back in my socket is stuck to my oil pan
bolt I think I need a new one
do and I just positioned my light just
right you see that white thing right
here that way thing I gotta fish my hand
up through here all the way back to be a
peach that thing it's insane every time
you get a new offer okay you always have
to lube the seal and fill it up a little
bit
so every time we go to the beach of
course you go we're on the 4x4 area so
we're always driving in the sand look
look at all the sand that's still this
is this is from last year in the year
before all that sand won't watch there's
no joke that's thick it's all sand look
my chassis down there
full full tank I get that out one thing
you guys always gotta make sure that you
do is when you empty your old your oil
out of your car you got a recycling and
you can't just let that stuff go in the
trash because it is super hazardous to
the environment so I always put mine and
like the old jug I don't have a marker
out here but I write used on it and I
can take it back to like the advanced
auto stores or any like auto parts store
and they recycle used motor oil so make
sure you guys do that that's important I
have a real feeling that I mean it's
like 9 o'clock I think the kids have
already gone to bed I've successfully
like worked my day away I did more work
than vlogging and it just got away from
me sometimes it happens
morning guys it is that morning bus
hustle Monday morning school bus stop
one fail it work for um my shoes not
being in jeans and grasping when we were
I was in at school right now yeah yeah
we couldn't find I was like when you try
and go find your car keys to leave but
you can't and you're looking all over
the house Colin lost his shoes and we
looked everywhere everywhere but the
shoes were in the Jeep
Flyboys have a good day at school love
you my honey love you Oh
the lines that interrupted my my sanding
well yeah remember how rough these were
these were super rough but now they're
super smooth no chance of any splinters
for that baby girl huh my goal is to try
and get this out and Sandin before we
leave on vacation it's okay he's no
virgin
okay guys now's my chance
Eliza just went down for a nap so that
is the perfect time for me to a take
shower be edit the vlogs and usually I
have just enough time to do exactly that
so that's where we're gonna call it for
today guys I do want to say if you
haven't seen it already please do it
would mean the world to me if you do me
this favor and go watch and like and
share the epic prank that I pulled on
amber this weekend if you missed it the
basic rundown is I did something
terribly awful to a snake with worms dog
poo and made amber believe that she ate
that it turned out insanely good and it
would be an honor if you guys would
share that video
let's help it get to at least a million
views that we're able to leave you for
today thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
