hey guys welcome to the vlog I'm coming
at you pretty kind of frantic stressed
out a little bit racing this guy I'm I'm
on my way to the to the grocery store we
are pulling a prank today I'm really
frantic because I have very little time
to pull this off and as you know pulling
pranks is opportunistic and I have like
an hour to create the illusion I want
two of those please
so basically tonight we're cooking amber
dinner and so I got some steak and I got
some corn on the cob and you know potato
salad
except amber steak is gonna be cooked
with a little bit extra love
now special ingredient
really trying to rush around because
like if if amber and Veronica show up to
the house before I have this video that
I need to shoot done the whole thing
will be ruined and so basically I mean
if you've already seen the video you
know it went perfect according to plan
but basically my goal is to is to cook
dinner tonight right
amber wanted steaks I originally planned
on using hamburgers because I could
easily incorporate my special
ingredients into hamburger meat
but I had to do thanks to Dennis and
Tommy called to get their advice they
helped me figure out a good solution for
that so one of the special ingredients
that have readily available in my yard
already but the other one we actually
have to pick up with there we go
that's exactly what we need so as you
know it stick needs a proper marinade
they were using worms Madison look
you're my witness
along with all of you there's two steaks
right there all wrapped together there's
two steaks right there okay she will get
an actual steak okay
that's hers I'll make it for her it'll
be delicious this this guy that's what
we're gonna donate this one to the
outside animal community and stuff we're
not wasting so I'm halfway through the
creation of this video right now and I
just wanted this is too too crazy to not
show you in the vlog anyways uh-huh
here's the here's the steak look at the
sweat in there there's worms and dog
logs I don't want you guys to think that
we're mistreating these worms in any way
because at the moment those worms are
inside that bag having an absolute beast
okay
right when I take that that meat out of
there we're gonna do the thumbnail with
the worms on top of the cooked steak
which had thing's gonna be a layer is
and then I'm gonna let the worms go out
back back there in the compost pile so
they can thrive and leave fully healthy
lives with full bellies so there will be
no worms harmed in the making of this
video
there you go a little guys go free
I'm gonna open the freezer and show her
that state it's still there the same
exact one that I cooked so it's like a
double deception prank I hope you guys
like it I've sweated my butt off trying
to pull this life alright so I just
finished editing the actual part that
she's gonna watch to show her what I did
to this tape Vicki what do you think
yeah
so luckily for me I just finished this
Veronica just pulled in I don't know if
Amber's right there but it's time to
like put on the game face we're just
cooking dinner just dinner not realize
guys I made a critical error Veronica
took the GoPro batteries the extra GoPro
batteries when they did the five came
around so she had enough GoPro batteries
and film her run I plugged these in this
morning and the bags were in them this
one has a battery in it and I'll believe
this guy here there's no one I always
leave my stuff here so no one's gonna
think anything about that now bite you
do it okay come here come here lift
daddy yeah there you go
echo we'll be glad to help you eat that
like this out amber just shut up we love
amber nice shirt my life brought
Veronica this you says for your birthday
present that's a heck of a birthday
present apparently we're going out
tomorrow night to have some fun are we
gonna go watch sausage party Eliza's
she's ready for another nap actually I
forgot charcoal I paid for a propane
tank over there so I'm gonna take those
steaks over there cook them you guys if
you would do the corn and I got potato
salad inside here in the fridge I'm
gonna do this or do this thing remember
you guys saying that you wanted to see
grill master Gil back on what days the
day and we're cooking steaks maybe I
need a pan to bring these back over on
do we have any seasoning for the steaks
here outside
that's all right Jays probably got
something James forgot something amber
you like your steak well-done medium was
okay I feel like you guys are never
gonna look at me when I cook food on the
grill the same way again but you know
it's all on the sake of entertainment
laughter but these guys are here these
are the real deals look at that bad boy
this this is straight-up sirloin that
thing is huge
oh my gosh from any two ends
the amber right here's your stink
everything's fine you didn't need
anything crazy nice New York Strip right
there here's the thing still at this
moment I really am not 100% sure like
where I'm gonna set up the one GoPro to
actually had a battery in it tell you
one thing though like pulling pranks
it's very heavy on your nerve
I'm stressful I'm really stressed right
now cuz I wanted to go you know I wanted
to go well that's the thing man with
real pranks you don't know like if it's
gonna work out
and I've already put so much effort into
it alright
there's amber steak it's not as dark as
the one I made in the video but I really
don't think I really don't think she's
gonna notice so we take these home and
it's game time baby I'm sorry amber I
had to prank you well actually it was
gonna be the hamburgers but you said you
didn't want hamburgers this camera was
look this camera was recording on you
right there that one was recording on
this GoPro over here was recording on
you drink drink
have fun have fun wait amber here don't
forget you it's on you
dang almost fell over echo bye
have fun have fun amber I can't wait to
see what your even your revenge is gonna
be seriously please come back it's just
a prank bro it's just a prank bro come
on she's joking she's totally I'll be
waiting right here he's so totally ready
for better what oh you're tired huh hey
we're just thinking the prank we pulled
on amber today was it epic high-five
what do you think it's good well it is
morning good morning guys I had to spend
a fair amount of the evening reviewing
footage checking things out making sure
that I had a solid prank video and I
think it turned out really really well I
don't know if Amber's planning a revenge
she's most likely gonna have Veronica's
help but don't you worry Veronica I've
got one for you too well yeah that is
all I've got for you guys today you
liked today's video and the prank don't
be afraid to hit that thumbs up thank
you so much for watching and I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
