oh oh oh what's up guys welcome back to
the vlogs oh my gosh I missed you so
much
all right we have some things to catch
up on first of all it's been a few days
as you know we've been working on an
incredibly huge project and there's
certain things we can't show like it's
got to be secret or the record
Elijah chose that song oh it's hard
enough for Roman to film and all that
stuff so I was just like you know what
we focus on the project let me get done
what we need to get done and we're
almost there so close but we're home and
I'm so excited because I've missed that
little girl bye Liza say hi hi I've
missed that little girl so much so it's
just her and I today and what we're
doing today is going to say hi to my mom
when we got back from our beach vacation
in the Outer Banks fortunately my mom
had to go back in for another back
surgery an accident that really messed
up the last surgery that she had so they
had to go back in take out all the parts
they put in and fuse three vertebrae
together instead of the two from the
ridge
surgery so it sucks we're gonna go say
hi to her but I cannot let this video go
any further without showing you
something super super special just like
an amazing experience for me and pretty
much the only thing I filmed while I was
away and that was where we went in in
Idaho such a beautiful environment take
a look at this just look where we are
right now
yeah you got what Wow right like that
place is something magical I was flying
the drone on the edge of that riverbank
just thinking myself how am I even in
this place like it was so cool to be
able to see that we don't see mountains
like that around here so it was really
cool to be able to fly there let alone
be there oh my gosh I got to show you
this mildly depressing also quite
beautiful but it's it means it's coming
look at all these leaves on the ground
guys that that fall is coming Liza and
you know what that means
no can you see them
look closer look closer oh and check
this out my dad's front porch is getting
so close to being finished look at that
you'll see that Liza
yeah that's awesome you don't like the
light mom that how are you how's
everything and there are lights on in
here there's that light on but and
there's those if it wasn't for this
camera being able to see in the dark you
wouldn't be able to see you at all and
your box at their nuts what's up with
that well it was a wanted one wise I saw
this you got chocolate milk in her own
little mini fridge right there and a box
of doughnuts you're set all right I kind
of want back surgery now I'm kidding I
know I don't want to make fun of a
serious situation but seriously how are
you how's the back yeah chronic pain
that you're feeling asked you a moment
ago it's not there so so it worked so
mom still has like physical therapy and
a bunch of healing left to do but I'm
glad that it's over with I'm sorry I had
to leave literally the day after we got
back from vacation she had to go in for
surgery and the following day I had to
leave town for the project so never got
to see my mom soon but everyone gives
them baby sisters been taking care of
her cooking her food and stuff that's
awesome I'm sure everyone's gonna leave
you guys uh positive comments down below
you've got this mama girl you can do it
just like she did before she's super
look at your mouth look you got donut
all over your face okay moving on we
gotta keep things going guys as long as
the schedule holds tight this is my only
day off this week you gotta try and get
it all in you know what I mean right
Liza look what are you doing you get all
the lint off yeah
if you remember last season I met up
with a guy who owned a company called
Gilson snowboards and we didn't get to
pull it off before the end of the season
last year but this year we're gonna do
something together
and we're gonna make something really
really cool I can't wait to show you
guys that but yet we're just out trying
to make the best of a day off we're
gonna stop and see what's going on over
at the Abbott house honey
look at her hair tell me you did a good
job I was very proud of you it looks
decent it's so hard though I can't even
tell you how hard it is for me to put
that girl's hair in a ponytail why is
this so difficult
like what I don't know I think I did a
pretty decent job though this is the
second time she's already pulled out you
have to get it tight I don't hear
anybody that's a baby over here
oh there you yeah where are they Roman
Brittany huh playing hide-and-seek you
gotta find it
are you serious
what the heck is going on what are you
guys doing itself - Eliza in amber did
amber help you with that yeah are you
sure honey listen the aphids are in
there working out something I've never
seen before but I don't have time to
wait for them to finish their pumps so
I'll see you back at home we got we got
to get the kids off the bus we just got
to keep going
we're just kind of doing like the
ketchup this is ketchup all right I'll
see you at home I love you mmm
just in time for nap so clearly Liza's
tired she needed to take a nap so she's
napping and Caleb shows up Caleb how are
you bro pretty good pretty good yeah I
would say this dude showed up he was
like dude you gotta see what I just got
I come out of the office and I'm like
Toyota Highlander look at that Caleb I'm
proud of you bro he got him a nice
little SUV how long have you had it he
came straight from getting this thing to
my house that's awesome dude congrats
bro I'm proud of you oh that's good man
that's a nice one looking Veronica just
showed up enjoy your cruise my man love
it he's already in there yeah as you
know guys Colin's been playing the drum
I'm practicing with Matt here
it's drum practice day you've already
had to practice
welcome back by the way Colin's about
the show off Colin I want to see the
raddest drum beat you got ready
good job son you're smashing whoa that
was a Miss yeah good job dude I'm so
proud of you
that's awesome he said great that's it
I'm done I thought I won't show you have
you heard Collin play drums lately a few
weeks but this guy's killing it
he's so good we're gonna have to like
he's gonna be the next like Tommy Lee
with respect to all the craziness but
the actual skill involves
you know this song right
that's motley crue she's like I don't
know who Tommy Lee is the one of the
founding members of the band Motley Crue
American classic rock and roll well I
guess their classic rock and roll I
remember but you got to know your rock
and roll roots babe
Motley Crue come on and look who we have
as our dinner guests tonight it's bright
it's amber everybody squish there's only
one thing to make this complete as you
know I am an avid fan of twenty one
pilots I have challenged Matt trying to
teach me the beat to the song guns for
hands this is a purely experimental I am
no drummer but he is the only thing we
have to monitor the sound okay okay
I have to start that little group right
there do one run one girl Roper okay you
gonna get your right hand it's basically
every officer the feet okay I have a
couple more tries it's pretty much the
best I can do
Saravanan you'd be so proud actually if
I was out there learning the drumbeat
I'm not gonna show you yet in tuk
perfecting it but I can't wait till you
hear what daddy's been learning ooh
sadly is that time of bet what are you
doing are you doing the pretzel you're
doing the human pretzel are you ready
for bed oh I thought you were gonna say
no like every other kid in America no I
don't want to go to bed now dad give me
hugs boy I'm proud of you today
come along I'm so glad to be home with
you I came to kiss you goodnight Wow and
that's pretty much all we've got for you
today my friends a nice little ketchup
sorry for the long break honestly it's
been too long and I'll do my best to not
let that happen again but as for today
that's where we're gonna leave you a
nice little ketchup thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you all right back here next time
