oh she just scare you with it
I'm so sad scared good afternoon guys
how's everyone doing first then how was
school awesome yeah you learned in
anything new no same thing every day huh
hey I'm just here hanging out with the
kids miss Liza is getting into
everything she just got the cornstarch
and put it all over the floor so gotta
clean that up
Chase is actually away from the house
right now and I wish I had something
better to get him way when he a home but
I have something on my sleep
we'll wait till he gets back that's
super duper hot out okay so Carson and I
I told you guys in the end of
yesterday's vlog I found the spider this
morning and we were gonna mess with
people so our first target it's calling
okay what we're gonna do it's hot out
right we're gonna tell them that we want
them to get in the pool okay but you got
to get them to come outside okay
what I'm gonna do come here I'm gonna
hide up here on the roof all right and
you got to get him to come out and you
gotta somehow make them stand right here
so I can drop the spider down on him
from the roof you think you can do it
yeah this is Frank Academy 101 you can
do it yeah
I'll hold this cuz I'll take it up on
the roof it's made of bees yeah there's
a little busy alright let's see if we
can make this work
ready look here guys say cheese
Raisa
Liza Liza what is that did you
we did he do it up there he do yeah
that's what I thought for sure he was
gonna go for it it's too good they know
like we're gonna reach a point where we
cannot mess with these kids but
I really think your mom and mom all at
least oh yeah
my mom definitely hates what about amber
once she get here she's coming you know
I have I ever actually have a really
good idea I have a really really good
idea for a future thing not necessarily
spider but it's gonna be explosive well
somebody lost mine it's not a loss
that's right there in your hand you know
that this isn't the right attachment oh
I got this specifically for my old man
nose hairs that pop up but the
attachment is lost and I'm experiencing
a forestation in my nostrils yeah and
this is my deforestation to looking at
my nose hairs and I'm just like it's
just hello my eyes it's so distracting
honey you're the only one that uses this
and it was right there in the top drawer
happen look what just happened one on
let me pause Jesus treatment oh no this
is gross this is so good look at that
look at that look at yeah that's good
things attached to my brain here is it
that moment pull out can I pull it out
when I pull it out no no let me know it
look at it let me pull it here got it
come on ready come on oh my god it goes
all the way down let's see how long it
is
this is gonna be the one listen if you
if you're a guy and you've ever had nose
hairs right and you know of course your
trim you have trim your unibrow monster
this is basic this is basic lab man
thumping man's game about maddux hygiene
hygiene man hygiene men hiking nose hair
is of the worst you've seen plucking the
eyebrows no no no the nose hair is like
kicking a duda nut balls all right don't
get too close because I don't want
everyone to see my on my boogers look at
that thing here let me pull it easy easy
easy easy peasy I'm gonna bleed one
thing is super long it's longer than all
the lines his hair don't use this thing
where I found or you have left it and
trim the rest of those nose hairs
wait I'm sorry guys I'm probably gonna
leave this in because that's probably a
good laugh but Amber's here come on okay
I think is um difficult
we failed on Amanda or amber went into
the bathroom and we're gonna get her
she's coming back out I'm in the Jeep
pretending like looking at there's
something they're gonna get her sucks
you really couldn't hear the last one
while we're trying to get wrong with his
mom to come over now I'm just gonna say
we need your help real quick with
something or whatever see if we can't
get her to and then mama I think should
be home by now
we're in trying it mama - mom will save
the best for last Mama's gonna back
yes cuz if not I would have just oh my
god are you at home would you come down
here for five minutes
whatever you whatever you want to do I
guess it's fine mom oh so wonderful she
this is like a yes person she's like
yeah yeah yeah of course so helpful it
makes me kind of feel bad
go back story mama 100% hates snakes
with the literal passion I don't know
how she feels about spiders I don't know
I'm just happy that yeah I can't believe
it Eliza come on Eliza you're not
allowed on any more film shoots okay
I'll just stand there
oh mama I was trying to scare you with
the spider oh yeah
Nana's up to something what are you up
to Nana she's like who's we
really you think the two of you are
gonna be able to get her she's a squirmy
one I'm just saying let's see what you
got muscles let's see what you got
muscles come on muscles let's go muscle
pick her up muscles Oh Liza give me
enjoy it won't last for much longer
well that was fun but we've taken a
short little break
I know each other for a while these guys
it's bedtime jeans it's bedtime bedtime
mr. C everyone can I call it what good
night
wait what what'd you say good night
okay just
cuz I was gonna I was gonna drip it on
so it slid right in your mouth while
you're sleeping that's the worst well
you woke up I didn't get the prank you
woke up Wow
oh your bus is here yeah we it was one
of those mornings when you wake up and
you look at your phone because you
didn't hear your alarm and you're like
oh crap but we got Carson to the bus
sometime hey have a good day have it
have a good day Pepito I'll see you
after school okay adios hey hey Colin
you did not make your bus on
yeah Colin Colin missed his bus for sure
I woke up right on time for his bus to
have been pulling away so I have to
defend myself though because Veronica
always has literally two alarms two of
the most annoying alarms on the planet
that always wake me up I don't know why
my alarm wasn't off for some reason but
for those of you guys who make the
excuse my alarm didn't go off I feel you
I feel you call it you're here the dad
bus is complete
brofist
have a great day now get the heck out
out now out
hey love you so guys we're getting ready
to wrap up the day and I just kind of
wanted to like speak to you from the
heart for a second
you know yesterday we had a really fun
loose kind of just felt good like
messing with people kind of day and you
know we tossed Veronica in the pool and
we all had a fun time just being
together in the pool as a family for a
little while and you know that kind of
really meant something to me and to be
honest and I'm kind of ashamed to admit
it like I've been a little bit off
lately monkey I saw one of you ask you
know like what's going on with legends
of awesome and you know I really haven't
said anything more about it for for a
little while and like the reason I
haven't uploaded in other legends of
awesome video is because honestly
haven't had the mind capacity to put
into it and why I can't really explain
but I think like I've spent a couple
days trying to like think about like you
know why haven't I put my time into this
passion that I created and the only
sense that I could make of it is I felt
like I felt like for a while I've been
putting like the creation of these
videos first over like spending time
with the kids and stuff like that and
like the clothes of summer was nearing
and and it honestly like scared me
because like a little bit of backstory
is I I never knew my real father and my
actual dad whom I consider my actual dad
Ron who you guys know he's stepped in
there and he he raised me and he became
my father and like I've always had this
internal conflict with like what it
means to be a good father and I always
promised myself that to my kids I would
be the absolute best father
that I could that I could want myself my
dad I love him so much he's taught me
everything I know the guy has always had
to work like a lot to make you know to
make the house run to make sure the
bills are paid and all that stuff and
and because of that like he missed out
on a lot of things that I personally was
into and I feel so blessed that you have
given me the opportunity to create a
career out of what we do and like I have
that time to be with my kids
and I'm so grateful for it the past
couple weeks I've been in this like
internal conflict with myself like
trying to make sure that I'm not putting
YouTube videos first over my family and
my kids and I know it's not the case but
like you always have these periods of
self-doubt and it's up to you internally
to figure those things out I feel like I
could be doing more and that's why I
said in the comment yesterday I did make
a response and I said you know I've just
been in a weird place for a while and
and I'm gonna use this vacation I'm
gonna use this upcoming vacation to
re-energize and re motivate myself to
come back and build the office that I
need the space that I feel like I can
maximize my creativity and my
productivity to create more meaningful
content for you guys because it is
because of you that I have the ability
to be so close to my kids and so engaged
involved in their lives I just wanted to
kind of address that and say that I've
just been in a weird place creatively
well done yeah so I've just been in a
weird place creatively and it doesn't
mean that I've given up on
it doesn't mean that I don't think it's
gonna work it just means that I had to
mentally take a step back for a minute
and kind of re-envision and re reignite
that passion because it's important to
me and I will not fail I will succeed I
will make it happen I will be the person
that I want to be and I will create
meaningful content that will help you
guys realize the person that you can be
- okay so yeah that's my piece that's my
my meaningful motivation for today
whenever you feel like you're in a place
where you're not on the right track you
need to take a really what you're doing
and where you want to be and how you got
to get there
do that take a step back take a minute
to reevaluate those things and learn
from it and move forward and push
forward and be that person you want to
be that's exactly what I'm gonna do so
we're close to going on vacation I'm
gonna use that time to just you know
soak up all this energy that I have from
the most meaningful people in my life
who will be at the beach with together
and we're gonna have the best time ever
I'm gonna come back from that with a
vengeance and ready to make some amazing
videos set up a schedule make that clear
path and achieve the dreams that I've
set forth to achieve so with those words
my friends that is where we will leave
you for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
