hi guys welcome to our vlog it's time
for us to go pick up Shauna from the
hospital here's your cut baby in case
you get thirsty alright
you can hold that yeah there you go
making a sauna feel better housing
Shauna - you see your there neck there
looks like they colored my numbers on
your neck right there yeah basically
we're just waiting for a wheelchair
because when you're discharged you have
to go out in a wheelchair let's get out
of here tell me on a scale of one to ten
how ready are you to be home ten yeah
look I realize guys that may have put a
address on Liza that's a little too
small what you got there give me give me
give me give me like a little girl she's
turning on the TV right now eyeball are
you doing wait a second I show up over
here and you're asking me to do chores
like old time last one wash the dishes
remember the other day when I said that
about doing the dishes and stuff when I
came home from school and I told my mom
dishes was a woman's job yeah she's the
one who made me do dishes from that
point forward no fingernails we gotta go
home okay and get the boys on their
homework
mom I wish I could stay all day oh she's
gonna tell me about yes Shauna glad
you're home safe we'll check on your
progress in a couple days we should be
back to flipping people off and all that
kind of stuff this car seat I had to
reach back three times while we were
driving home Elijah
well put her feet inside this cup holder
and they're stuck just like that I know
I'll get it out so this is a big design
flaw I don't know exactly what it's a
great go like this I'll get you out I
promise
Graco car seat that is crazy now I can
take these off I think I can take just a
cup holders off but Wow all right if you
got an accident and the baby's feet were
inside those cupholders that's broken
ankles man among maybe other things but
I can't believe that that's crazy
guys you've seen me hey Boyd Hey we were
supposed to make tacos we are making
tacos we're waiting on amber she's
bringing the rest of the stuff and I
just got off the phone with her and
she's on her way right now amber hey bud
that is a grasshopper giant
realize Jaime
hey mommy hi princess
very wise I needed a late evening nap
see this coffee trying to sneak in scary
food in my pants because you scared me
so bad mm-hmm this is the last match I'm
trying to take recipe suggestions so we
can make something new for dinner
um we're making tacos Oh break it tiger
it's not Tuesday well supposed to be
Tuesday for tacos it's tacos Tuesday its
check Oh Wednesday missed everyone wants
to say hi to the blog Oh here everyone
was scared to the block everyone say hi
to the vlog and chat everyone say what's
up there's 20 viewers about 20 live
years yeah all right everyone twitch as
is being in saved they're offering
they're very helpful suggestions for
dinner but Veronica's already made a
decision
well let's go here here I gotta finish
this match because we're currently
losing one it is time to make some food
and I'm excited good Oh God
but beta amber is making some lettuce
shredding up that lettuce dice it slice
it
Veronica's browning that meat nice and
brown so nice
we got the tomatoes and then they're
diced just like that movie magic
we got the shells they match them smell
my finger
dance Liza oh yeah dancing girl whoa
foggy Oh check this up this is
round two for me I already had three
crunchy tacos on the call and Supremes
because I have the sour cream and all
that direct stuff you guys something
that's never happened in our house
before but maybe it once maybe twice or
like once dinner's finished and all of
its cleaned up
kudos ladies kudos oh yeah that's
happening let's go use that cardboard so
we can start a nice fire right we'll get
some logs on there is actually not very
cool tonight which is nice it's super
nice past few nights when the Sun Goes
Down it gets really really chilly out
it'll go over there stay back buddy
geez Louise I know we need some yeah any
of my shovel this fire is huge I'm about
to jump this hold this can mommy have a
kiss your mommy kiss you give mommy kiss
kiss you until the bloody years good
night
Carson tell the gladiators good night
lyza can you tell the gladiators
goodnight oh yeah right I was cheese put
the camera on a tripod it's going to be
a little bit just put the camera up on a
tripod for me because I'm moving out to
the barn see ninja their little
late-night work session little romp
session so yeah bye honey okay careful
okay I'll try he's like what are you
doing here this late and I am trying to
eat mine go sleep so you know we was
gonna ride and do some stuff tonight but
Tessa is inside with her daughter I
can't come out right now
so I'm just gonna check on ninja and
check his feet and stuff like that and
call it a night for tonight he was
having this like fungus problem but it
feels a little better since he has been
getting bad more he still has some spots
but we're trying to get that cleared up
all right good night ninja good night I
want to start doing a little more like
horse videos and stuff like that
I know Tessa has tossed around a couple
ideas about horse videos and whatnot but
I want to make sure that's something you
know what do you guys think about that
idea more horse videos let me know you
were going long
no I'm home already
you're watching Big Brother homie no no
this is a commercial about Big Brother
there was a storm last night to rival
the power of any storm I've ever seen in
my life
scary no but seriously I wake up two
o'clock in the morning the Thunder was
like infinite thunder it wouldn't it
wouldn't stop there was no break in it
and it was crazy lightning if it wasn't
two o'clock in the morning I probably
would have grabbed my camera and set up
some time lapses but I was out it's a
success we didn't miss the bus today we
got you dressed enough to school with a
full lunchbox
there you go love you have a good day
beats love ya bye one of the hardest
things to do and I'm not lying is to try
and drive the Jeep down the driveway
with a full cup of coffee without
spilling it it's possible but usually I
have to be like sipping it while I'm
driving so that if it does go to MoMA
whoa easy once you get on the road it's
good but going down the driveway with
the bumps and the gravels my name is
Carson and I'm ready for school I sure
do hope you guys have such a fantastic
day
just like I plan to have and if I could
ask you just one favor if you liked
today's video please go ahead and hit
that thumbs up button and if you're not
already be sure to subscribe once again
my name is Carson and my dad's talking
for me oh there's your boss always every
time oh my gosh in that way it didn't
used to come from that way but every
time the bus comes from that way I get a
little bit weirded out because it comes
from that way better used to come from
that way but now if it doesn't come from
this way and now I'm concerned because
it came from the wrong way hey man have
a good day going that way no matter how
old you get don't ever take life too
seriously don't let your humor fade away
all right because it's very important
for you to keep that's why I'm pretty
goofy sometimes because it's better than
oh really
dude a spider today not in this video
you're watching currently but the next
one being today which is today which
you'll see tomorrow
where you should take this bug and see
how many people and one day we will
freak out with this fake spider it is a
realistic kind of looking fake spider
but I think we can totally freak some
people out with it have a couple in mind
like Momo Matt the cantaloupes are
thriving look at this look at this look
at these danglies one two three four and
and we've got a Lone Ranger here there
it is
five five dangly fruits I can't wait I
wonder if it's gonna taste any different
from a regular cantaloupe
so guys it is breakfast breakfast time
about time for me to get the editing
done and all that stuff we are less than
a week away from vacation and to be
honest I can't be I can't be any more
excited for anything ever
it's been a rough past couple weeks
emotionally you know with all the stuff
going on so it's gonna be really really
nice to go on vacation and just kind of
take a deep breath you know I mean yeah
I did to get the rails in the Jeep which
was one of the most important things
that I needed to complete before we go
on vacation but I also have to do the
mandatory things like oil change on the
Jeep fully detail the inside rotate the
tires and stuff like that I also want to
use today to finish up the sand box that
I built because I haven't had time to
sand that and finish it so we're gonna
do that today
so with that guys we're we're gonna
leave for today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see each and
every one of you right back here
