what's happening guys good day welcome
to downtown Columbus we are on top of
this parking garage literally smack in
the middle of downtown Shauna my sister
if you missed the end of yesterday's
video Shauna's actually having surgery
today very unfortunate but good that
she's able to have it taken care of so
to kill time in this three-hour
procedure I came up here to get some
cool drone shots as you just saw love
flying the drone around the city there's
one thing though fair amount of
interference when you're flying the
drone in in a downtown city atmosphere
but I think it turned out very
interesting thing just happened I was
walking back to the hospital here and
came across the guy James looking for
some change down on his luck and I was
telling him the story had a minute to
chat say what are you doing in town I
told him my sister a situation I said I
hope she's gonna be okay he said
something to me that really just hit me
he says man you can't hope you got to
speak it into existence don't hope that
it works believe it'll work and I feel
like James L was a those are powerful
words from person and unfortunate
position and people man I just I don't
know what it is about being in the city
and interacting with people there's so
much there's so much goodness that you
can gain from just being open hearted
and talking to people I really
appreciate that James if you're watching
I told you my channel I hope you check
out the video but you guys can take some
from that too don't hope believe it
believe that you can make that change
and it will happen he said speak it into
existence say that to yourself speaking
in tunes it existed to know just
finished up the edit here in the
hospital a mom and Kyra we've been here
since nine o'clock this morning nine
o'clock this morning and then 55 and
they literally just came down oh yeah
here's mess with them literally yeah
what'd they say everything went fine
they got all supposed to and instead of
making a big huge incision like what
they had she only did like five
centimeters in the middle of what was
already there SH because there was no
reason they did but people were allowed
there they got most of it a smaller
incision micro follicular dadada in the
vein radioactive iodine my fix it right
up yeah they just told us that Shana
surgery is finished and we're gonna go
upstairs to her room
you
our ballet car has arrived I don't know
about you got are you guys ready go home
we've been here for a solid
eight hours tiring tiring day but thank
God Shauna's surgery went well um she's
in a fair amount of pain you know from
surgery but still can expect that she
just has to stay overnight for
observation and then tomorrow morning
she'll be able to come home which it's
really good oh thank you Kira for their
writing yeah yeah thank you for their
writing yeah mom was like we get back to
the house don't just jump in your car
yet I need you to help me walk the dogs
what yeah my laptop I'm just talking I'm
taking my time here is like I want to
get out of here see you Kara drive safe
speed safely all right let's walk these
dogs let's do this my skirt what oh I
got you thank you yeah get it in buddy I
know been a long day huh he goes give me
some privacy dude give me some privacy I
don't blame him oh look at the little
nuggets all the little nuggets you're so
cute bunny are you doing tricks look at
you you just want to play huh yeah
appear he was just walking on his hind
legs that's awesome I see you buddy you
just keep going in circles you're such a
little thing oh look at that who doesn't
love a little puppy action look at him
look at him you're cute buddy like that
oh yeah scratching my belly oh yeah fish
tank update looks actually really good
what that it's clear this is thriving
life there's bubbles
nice mom your tank looks good I swear
your tank looks really good yeah I think
I do that's perfect i'll pick sean up
tomorrow just I'll just go in the
morning and get my prescription text me
just text me when she's ready or call me
call me salt life right on right on okay
you're gonna be okay with all these dogs
don't think my mom everybody everyone
thumbs up today's video for Shawna and
my mom cuz they're troopers I better the
low post surgical both of them I'll see
they look really good there's two more I
can't show you but good thank you you're
welcome sorry I was one day yeah all
right okay so I know at this point in
the video you're probably like all right
Gil this is getting pretty boring you
know we've spent a lot of time with you
at the hospital I may have just crunched
my glass it's real life it's unscripted
it it's uncor graft it's not planned
like the fact that we've had to deal
with my mom's surgery the loss of a
friend's child my sister's surgery all
in a very relatively short period of
time is insane but that's something that
you have to keep in mind like life
doesn't care of the inconveniences that
it holds life will take you a thousand
different direction before you get to
hit up hit that straight away so just I
guess I'm not hold on what I'm trying to
say is no matter how crazy things
how hectic life seems how horrible it
may feel just know that everything
happens for a reason and there's always
there's better times to come even though
you've got bad times right now there's
better times to come so don't give up
persevere be resilient and go home at
the end of the day and eat chicken cuz
that's what Veronica got where's mah
dude what's up Colin Hay pushing the
team ready for bed that sucks man I come
home it's 845 these dudes you in rain
for bed Eliza's already in bed I'm sorry
you guys didn't get to see allies yet
today v nizzle bezel where have you been
oh I've been here how was school today
bud yeah yeah mr. we thinking about aunt
Shawna today yeah she's all right she's
gonna be all right put in here for me oh
good finished dinner with this with a
quickness I know there's a lot left on
there but I'm full and it's cold but
boys are going to bad boys I love you mi
night my buddy nice sleep tight don't
let the bedbugs bite me good night sleep
tight don't let the bedbugs bite Oh give
me kiss give me kid your day at school
bud okay good the bus is right there do
you see it right here we'd come to
another stop cuz we saw goodbye huh yeah
how about go over there we gotta move
struggled getting his breakfast Ian
so we had to come to an alternate ma
stop mm-hmm I love you have a good day
I'll pick up these quarters after in
pens all right pick up the scores after
independence it'd be good love you man
quick shower when you guys are ready to
see the princess she's up
hi princess ah what he dealing oh hey
what are you doing I missed you yeah I
missed a girl yeah what oh yeah you want
me hold a blankie Eliza had fruit and
yogurt for breakfast already and I
wanted her to try toaster strudel and
she's like what is this sorcery what is
this garbage what magic is this well
look at her and she's like I'm Eliza my
name baby laughing mmm okay so I'm gonna
have a messy baby to clean I gotta get
ready to go and pick up Shana oh my
sister from the hospital but before I
can do that I really should clean out
the Jeep I think we did the exterior I
wanted yesterday to do the inside do all
the detailing and window cleaning all
that stuff but I didn't get to it so I
want to say thank you guys I know in
yesterday's video you all put out your
your thoughts and your prayers and your
support for shawna and I do appreciate
that and I know she does too I can
almost guarantee that she was posted in
the hospital bed last night reading
through those comments on that video and
you know probably made her feel real
good so I appreciate that that's
something that's a gift to give someone
that you really can't you can't buy that
you know what I mean make sure you come
back tomorrow I want to say thank you so
much for watching what make sure you
join us tonight for a live stream we do
we do have a live stream tonight at five
pm eastern twitch TV ford / gilroy
gaming the link is also in the
description make sure yeah make sure you
join us for that it's going to be a ton
of fun that is where we leave before
today thanks so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
