they came see you guys remember I was
worried I told you the other day
I ordered a roof rack system and we
tried to attempt to put it on but it was
by far the wrong stuff and so I ordered
the actual production model roof rack
system for the Jeeps and this looks more
like it
so I have a feeling this one is gonna be
super super easy we literally have to
just take off all this and there's a lot
of this like adhesive under here which I
think we're just gonna to scrape off and
use alcohol to clear it easy easy e on
this trough there's a nice thick layer
of its foam adhesive and it's really
stuck on there you know I like teaching
you guys different hacks and things that
you can use to either save you money or
time so I figured out a way to get this
stuff off without having to scratch the
paint because we we don't want to
scratch this paint under here because
this will be visible once we get the
actual rails on so we want it to look
nice we don't want it to look horrible
so basically what we need to do you can
use a hairdryer or if you have a heat
gun and then a plastic scraper this is
just something that I got when I used to
install decals on storefronts so it's
it's pliable it's not going to scratch
the paint or anything so what we're
going to do is heat up the adhesive
using a hairdryer a heat gun and then
use this plastic pry tool or scraping
tool to scrape it off
there we go yeah just use a little bit
of pressure and pull up on it while
you're using your scraping tool to
scrape it away I used some goog on and a
poly mesh scrubber like this put the
Google on let it sit for a minute and
you got to use a little bit of elbow
grease but we were able to get the
majority of the adhesive off of this
which is great but I'll have to come
back later I got a buddy that owns a
body shop and he has one of those it's
like a stripper tool it's kind of made
of wax they use it to take off vinyls
and stuff but uh we'll use that at a
later date to take off all the really
stuff on stuff that's still on there
can't get that part out it's just this
easy dudes the production girls
literally fit right over these bolts
they were already on the Jeep that's it
we do have a couple covers that go on
with body Clips but literally it's four
bolts on each rail we're in now we just
got to put on a couple covers and eat I
mean it looks pretty simple right it's
just a rail but that's what I wanted I
didn't want I didn't want that other
stuff
this is perfect straps can go through
here we need right around here that's
solid man it's just roof rails I
understand but what they mean to me is a
more or a less of a worry for our
travels coming out that's gonna be nice
do you like him try and pull them off
that
mmm-hmm my moles over here hanging out
with us we're just getting stuff done
man
haven't even showed you the inside you
know what I'll do the inside the house
we've been really busy the past couple
days and well the inside of the house
has kind of got crazy messy so
Veronica's been working on it you should
hang out with these guys while I take
the Jeep to be washed I'm gonna order to
eat some food we're gonna order pizza
that's what I'm doing can't stop the
train
no no Jace is going to watch the Jeep he
left you guys with me
just hanging outside out just hanging
out inside with Liza she's seen this
pretty dress that I had laying there and
wanted to play dress-up and she's
getting her babies come here Liza bring
me your babies show everyone your pretty
dress show me your pretty dress say hi
baby you're so cute
are you cute you gonna mess up all the
socks like you did all the clothes I had
all that laundry over there
folded in ready to go put away and she
comes in tears it all out just like she
just threw the softs all over you a
little rascal
I think someone's CD weight doing so V
not done thank you baby
Liza
yeah pizza for dinner
that means daddy cooked tonight what do
you want what do you want you frozen I
feel like the sunflowers just started
popping up right there knocked over well
sure yeah we're getting ready we're
gonna redo some yard work now there to
stop the pizza no it's something ugly
look at that so I don't know I think it
was the storms that knocked over some of
our sunflowers they're clearly a little
top-heavy I don't think it was the dogs
but most of them are bloomed you're
really gonna do that
what deck is on her house oh my lord see
we needed this day huh we needed this
day to take care of some things around
the house because we definitely have let
it go for a minute the past couple days
if you guys are just tuning in or
unaware of what's been going on you know
we had a wedding and then over the past
week we've been kind of you're dealing
with the loss of our friends baby who
passed away and so the more Memorial
memorial was yesterday that we did
that's why you didn't see a vlog
yesterday so now that all that kind of
stuff has settled down we're just taking
care of some things around the house so
I hope you guys are having a more
exciting day than we are
are you really cutting those down I mean
is that liquid oh my gosh I've never
seen that my life looks like you know
all right well Veronica's taking care of
that our grass needs cut and if you
didn't know Jay and Vicky
Veronica's mom took off for Bristol and
the race was rain now or something so
it's happening today and they won't be
back till tomorrow night
I know Jays gonna have to go back to
work so you know I'm gonna do the good
neighbor thing the good son-in-law thing
I'm gonna mow their grass and I'm gonna
mow our grass cuz that's kind of guy I
am
okay so I'm trying a little project I
guess it's like all these sunflowers
have fallen down rain and I do want to
cut some off and take them to the house
make it pretty but I don't want to cut
all of them that have fallen over down
some of them haven't even bloomed yet so
I'm gonna take these two by fours in
this rope I'm gonna stake these wanna
each end one here and one there and then
wrap the rope around the sunflowers to
try to get them all to stand back up the
hammering the two-by-fours in the ground
is out of question because I we can't
find the hammer so how can I
these put up with just the string
it's dark out I didn't realize that
mowing the grass especially their grass
would take that long a couple hours
actually three in fact but uh it's it's
dark it's dark already and Veronica has
already put the kids to bed yeah I
should go tell them good night cuz they
got school tomorrow and they need that
positive reinforcement you know when
we're picking back up on this movie we
started watching it the other night the
boy Lauren cohan's in it any fans of The
Walking Dead you know who that is
we started watching it and it was the
night of the actual the memorial service
we came home we were just gonna wanted
to relax and we literally relaxed
ourselves to sleep kind of what we do
when we put in movies late at night but
we got them Fritos we're gonna watch
this movie we're gonna relax
Amber's here we've got Caleb it's like
that we're gonna turn on the surround
sound and be official their turn out all
the lights and report on the surround
sound and it's gonna be super duper
scary
I'm gonna pass out I don't never pass
out not never not now no never ever
non-deterministic cameras audio off it's
no good for sneaking around trying to
get scares we just finished that movie
it was uh it's kind of creepy but
there's a twist if you haven't seen I
almost fell for you definitely watch it
but there's a point where I was like
okay this is freaky and then I was like
wait a second that's not scary
didn't make any sense but Bronchos watch
a laundry it's like midnight now so
we're gonna know we're gonna probably
get to yeah yeah black again I don't
have any creamer sighs the drink is
Black River school bud
another week let's get it just in time
whoo all right buddy I love you have a
good day all right nice positive energy
I will have a good day
that's awesome love you even though I'm
still getting used to the early mornings
like seven o'clock we don't usually wake
up at 7:00
during the summer anyways I do enjoy
waking up early because it gives you
that like jumpstart on your day and
that's what you need to get motivated
early in the morning first thing coffee
helps
Kirsten goes I want to get out and stand
in the Sun because it's warm we did wake
up it was one of those mornings where
it's like you wake up and everything
looks like it's wet with Dew because
it's so chilly the high this morning was
only 59 degrees
when we got up it was probably cooler
than that like 55 what it feels good in
the Sun right yeah like the new rails
dude
pretty good yeah tell him I won't say
mama I love you it's good to see you but
I gotta go to school
hey mama look mom Oh still in her PJ's
she's gonna get coffee right you got a
bed you got Bed Head there it is nice oh
nice
have a good day I love you be good
watch the bus driver have a good day I
love ya
it is pretty much as as four average
around here
the pools start closing Labor Day which
is September the first weekend in
September and last night Veronica was
telling me that we need to think about
closing the pool and I'm kind of like
I'm kind of bummed actually I'm kind of
bummed about it because they you know we
spent a lot of time with this pool this
summer so I don't really know based on
this kind of pool if we have to
completely drain it you know I don't
know I don't know what to do I'll have
to do some reading but it kind of stinks
man like that's the the sure indication
that summer is just out of here and
we're in for some cold weather soon and
I'm not excited for that because I
absolutely love the summer months I
absolutely love it so that's kind of a
downer actually I don't want to bring
you guys down you know why because we
had a good day we've got a lot of stuff
done I got to finish last night I got
dark I finished the backyard over there
I got to do the front still but I did
complete our yard and no one asked me to
do that I just did that because I know
that Jay and Vicky are gonna come home
they're gonna be tired from a long drive
and Moe and the crash shouldn't be
something they have to worry about so I
did it for him
I'll go over here in a little bit and
finish the front yard but yeah I think
guys that is pretty much all I've got
for you today I need to get some editing
and since the kids are in school
Veronica's going away for the day I
might have some extra time to get some
real editing done so that is all I have
for you today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see each and
every one of you right back here
