hi guys good day to you everyone is
doing well I am on my way with baby Liza
to my cousin's wedding
my baby cousins getting married today we
have a happy day today yours are going
through a lot this week I feel like this
past week has just been super crazy
couple more days of craziness happening
we stay strong stay united stay together
oh hi we have made it baby Liza come on
look she she had to bring her baby she's
just so cute and we got Grandma and
Grandpa back there everyone looks so
nice
I just seen chase out here with the
groom I don't know what they was going
over or whatnot but he said he was going
to set up it was cute I'm pulled in and
they were having a moment this reminds
me of your wedding day yeah yes it was
very hot very hot but I'm glad it's not
raining we actually know Isabel Michael
lucked out and cuz it's been raining all
week and today it's very nice good day
mm-hmm and there he is
yeah setting up all the camera gear I've
got the super pro 9000 camera ready
super pro 9000 it does look official
though right he'll look like I'm not a
news crew it was stressful getting here
on time
everything was geared all the way up all
the way up and then like the last
quarter mile yeah traffic traffic
traffic look come on we're here we're
here
Oh monkey you I got little Liza
they brought her some cereal
hoping that she will snack on it and
keep quiet during the ceremony
as I see the horse she was done she's
done with the wedding she wants to see
the horse are you trying to walk around
with her keep her quiet while the
wedding procedures and watch them back
here this guy's they mainly filled it
with the kiss
here we go
okay The Sandman is over and the bride
and the groom are off taking pictures
I believe chase went to put his tripod
and camera up and stuff like that lies
and I are just walking the paths
actually trying to find a bathroom she
did fairly well through the ceremony
there towards the end after she ran out
of Cheerios she kind of started getting
antsy but she did very well I'm proud of
her
hey guys I know I've been absent for the
beginning of the vlog but you know
clearly I had some stuff to do look back
here they're all back there doing photos
and you know this this right here was a
it was a refreshing change of pace as of
you know the left current events in my
life to be able to see someone get
married and the absolute joy that
surrounds a day like this it was so
refreshing and as I have my headphones
in I'm listening to them give each other
their vowels and stuff you know it just
reminds me it reminds me of our wedding
day and it was the absolute best day
ever
and I can relate to how they feel right
now and it's just something special you
know when you find that right person the
person you decide this is the one I
spend the rest of my life with it's such
a pivotal moment in your life and I'm
not with them but I know where they're
at right now it's a special day so here
they are the happy Bret you guys look on
me
today I know it's super red you want to
go this way no matter how you slice that
super beretta hey Isabel Michael I
Veronica the earth-moon wish you guys
many many years in eternity of a
successful and happy marriage
thank you I have no doubt in my mind
these guys gonna be great you guys so
taking a couple yeah it was a beautiful
ceremony they're fixing the dress so so
you can dance I guess what's called
bustling fun a bustle a little known
fact Michael is into our seas airplane
Airport drawings what was the last thing
you bill tell him it's like a cart you
said it was like gonna bill was a vacuum
actually know what wish them luck guys
super happy and joyful day you guys
Congrats again thank you
announcing the bridal party mr. and mrs.
Michael
all right here we go this is what's for
dinner I need to make three points
no yeah yeah no kidding
well vlogging that's that's a tough one
actually oh she's turned into something
already whoo we had food it's very good
chicken beef roasted potatoes red skin
delicious now that lies had some food
she's fully energized and she is running
a bouquet - hmm the ceremony continues
this time for dances and stuff like that
but first of all
they do cake and this is the cake for
this evening
lovely cupcakes
Isabelle in this camera they probably
wouldn't come out okay PA light Michael
drum roll please
Brian you ready for cupcakes let's go
Liza run cupcake
take the white one that one's bigger
that's why I said use that one that
looks like
smells like it Oh give them cupcake
Eliza
all right it's time for us to leave it
was a beautiful wedding congratulations
again to Isabel and Michael Young the
newlywed couple right I'm sure they're
gonna do well like I remember when she
was born and that's my baby cousin yeah
man that's insane you know wonderful
woman now we're all grown up
indeed my love I'll see you at home we
have to yeah we have to go actually to
Scott and Lindsay's tonight
I'm finishing up a couple of a couple
minor adjustments to this slideshow
video tribute deal and Roxanne's gonna
be there to help me oversee some final
adjustments so we got to take care of
that tonight
but our honey haven't you ever heard you
don't eat cupcakes and drive I'm not
driving I mean that's what I'm eating a
cupcake now
okay so we're skipping through the
entire session here we actually just
finished the whole tribute video it's
done you can breathe easy tomorrow is
the service I'm going to show it gonna
be wonderful with Scott what do you
think of it it's gonna be spectacular
yeah we've put a lot of hard work into
it great job thank you sir
I appreciate that what is 1234 a.m.
we're all still here
and it's time for us to go get some all
right I'm samba fine no worries I hate
to jump right to morning guys but uh you
know we got them pretty late last night
the night before up till 2:00 a.m. woke
up early it's been a it's been a pretty
busy couple days but I'm glad to say
that today the we have the Souris and
we're gonna you know the craziness will
kind of reach its maximum peak I guess
Isabel and Michael had such a beautiful
wedding and today's vlog should be one
of positivity and love and I'm so happy
for them again
it's a beautiful wedding they actually
leave today to go to Hawaii for their
honeymoon so Isabel Michael I hope you
guys have an absolute blast and then
you're gonna watch this and get some Sun
go play in the waves it's gonna be a
blast so yeah that guy's where we're
lead for today I wanna say thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
