what's up guys welcome to the vlog it's
just about time for the kids to get off
the bus I'm gonna go down and see if I
can pick them up and see how this day
when I'm excited how was your day doing
I hope each and every one of you are
doing fantastic I hope your school day
was great if you were in school today
and if work was your poison you know I
hope I hope you had a great day so I'm
just waiting for a call and get back oh
here we go yeah Carson hola Senor what
are you doing
where's your brother he's not home yet
are you first I'm confused
anyway how was school was your first day
super awesome are you glad to be back
yeah I wanna hear all about it I want to
hear all the stories and everything did
you get your locker you so wanted yeah I
didn't get lucky but I have my backpack
outside of the classroom oh yeah um
hangers yeah
yeah well I think it's
ticka ticka ticka ticka da when I was in
school I'd come home I'd have homework
to do and my mom would always have a
list of chores for us to do and you know
I never told you the story but to keep
it brief I wa I once told my mom because
she the dishes was one of my chores I
once told my mom did the dishes were a
woman's job and from that point forward
it was me who always did the dishes so
you can imagine how like the first day
of school has its hiccups and whatnot
this is weird like I've never picked up
the kids at 4:30 in the afternoon Hey
Dude were you late or on time
it's just weird I feel like you're
getting here super super late so how was
school good yeah do new friends in your
class you know yeah that's cool you know
you want to put that on your head now
okay first thing Collin says when he
gets home he's like I want to drive my
RC it's like okay we got to charge it
though yeah like I got to show you guys
I remember someone saying in the
comments don't plug it in the car while
you're supposed to use it in the car
where else look it says right here do
not charge batteries inside of an
automobile right you can plug it into a
12-volt automotive auxiliary power
socket okay so on the back or on the
safety precautions or whatever where it
says do not charge inside that means
don't charge it on the interior of the
vehicle for reasons of like heat so if
you plug it into the socket
and you got the windows off and it's
closed and it gets hot these batteries
are susceptible to heat so what we'll do
is we'll plug this into the socket and
run it outside on the vehicle okay
it also says that you don't want to run
it don't charge it while the vehicle is
actually running no keys the car is not
running it's not even on it's in an
auxilary socket and it's charging
outside of the vehicle Traxxas if you're
watching let me know in the comments
this is the right way to do it right I
mean we're just gonna have to get the
one you plug into the wall the speed
charge or whatever you got your little
swimmers using most women ah you're
gonna go swimming it's nice and warm
yeah I think those are too small for you
sweetie
yeah they are yeah so okay so I had to
kind of take a little break for a second
if you got Chad and Sonny's here and
little baby Jaxen boy weighs buck well
we got Veronica home everyone's home
everyone's home is awesome sunny is
actually taking care of business you
know in the office Oh
what are you doing Liza
I see you hmm
fuzzy fuzzy look at her face when she
big eek eek eek eek eek eek eek eek eek
Oh
once again the bugs absolutely love this
water so I don't know we need to get a
cover this will be next year we learned
a lot this year you guys as far as the
pool so we got a solid pump it's got the
chemicals I feel now it just boils down
to like I want to put in a bug light up
there so you can zap the bugs away and
get a pool cover you want to build a
deck around it this little guy got some
pool time not much just as like beating
legs do you like that Jackson Oh
sweetheart did you Gesu oh goodness yeah
better let's go and did ya I bet you're
proud papa
it's proud it's gonna be it's the best
it's amazing it changes everything right
the whole perspective on life the world
everything changes everything changes
it's it's in a wonderful thing you
thought you had meaning before not until
you've that's the thing guys like the
the circle of life like we've
experienced some pretty heartbreaking
things here lately and like I said in
yesterday's vlog life and time just
keeps on moving with or without you and
the circumflex oh we have babies we have
a wedding on Friday and then we also
have you know this memorial service on
Saturday so like no matter what like
there's different levels of your life
and and other people's lives who you you
know you involve yourself with that
carry meaning for you so embrace it you
know what I mean embrace all of that
family is the most important thing
you know you you really can't understand
that until you like have kids yourself
the whole circle completes but it's it's
incredible it really is are you done in
the pool sweetheart all done you won't
get dried off you will wrap a towel
round yeah here there sweetie
there you go oh yeah they're better oh
yeah Liza just literally had a bird poop
on her head Liza what are we here lit I
don't know what to do and get a leaf
show you scrape it off with the leaf mmm
oh we're gonna oh yeah we got the chunk
oh no I got a cleaner Colin doesn't know
it when I straight up stools are C
charge the battery we're gonna drive it
I want to show Chad because he's never
seen this this one before his teachers
so much fun I was looking at the what is
it the xmax RC from Traxxas that thing
apparently goes up to 60 miles an hour
oh no no no it wasn't the X max it was
the e Riva with the brushless engine the
brushless motor this guy
it's electric I think they may have a
nitro version but look at that thing I'm
telling you just because we got this
model the Stampede I'm fully engaged
like I'm ready to get one semion Colin
can race that's a lot of money that's
when we go
Wise's like what here's that goes
aresult
look at her oh my god
echo come here you've seen people put
GoPros on these things before right it's
one thing to just put a sticky mount on
them and put them on the hood but you
need some stabilization I have the FEA
tech 3 axis gimbal I think if we mount
it but that gamble on top of there I
think it would make some really neat
footage we have here it's just date I
don't expect the gimbal to like take out
all the vibrations and everything but I
think it'll be pretty dope I think it's
gonna be pretty dope let's try it
all right so we're doing trials we did
the gimbal now we're going to see how
well it does without any stabilization
I'm pretty sure we're going to see the
difference but you know you got a little
ride on an off road yeah you got yeah
we'll do on the street again get a
couple passes on the street I'm pretty
sure the streets going to be nice smooth
because these shocks are awesome but
when we move it to the grass we don't
have to be as careful since this is in
the case and it's you know there's no
moving parts I think I think either way
this this is awesome this is this is
what I thought the nice RC would be like
putting a camera on it for sure
that's awesome what do you think about
that this is awesome this thing has so
much torque it's almost like in the
gravel once it starts getting out of
control it reacts like a real vehicle
you give it more gas and you can start
you can start controlling the fishtail
so dude I got to get one I mean Colin
are gonna start racing these I guarantee
it okay so after review the footage no
matter what there's still a fair amount
of shakiness and either scenario but
definitely the gimbal gave it more
stability and I think on that when we
mounted the GoPro on the hood there's no
support really on the hood it would be
better mounted on the roof but the roof
has like a scoop embedded in it the
mould has like a scoop so I it wouldn't
fit Veronica made a very delicious
spaghetti dinner tonight
I get special sauce even have that
special song yeah alright dude that's a
Puttanesca good stuff right there hard
to get with this thing check this up
check this up you want some hot pepper
trio Parmesan cheese hot drana yeah I'm
going with that too you want that yeah
get it so it's 214 in the morning I'm
wrapping up some finishing sequences on
this chubby video I gotta get some bed
some bad I'm delirious home deliveries
ah
you said your turn he's tired ah you
know that moment when you go to sleep
really late you have to wake up really
early in your long keeps going off and
you just keep snoozing it and snoozing
and snoozing it that's what happened
there she blows
hey Colin make sure you have a super
extra-special fantastic day okay okay be
good also and all that love you long
time we're at bus stop number two person
yeah a lot of you asks you've asked last
year I'll tell you again this year the
boys ride separate buses because what
are you doing they go to different
buildings different cells that's why
they ride two separate buses and yeah
Carson is the younger one Colin is the
older one
Colin's in fourth grade Carson's in
second there's always I like second
grade do you like second grade yeah yeah
that's good there's the bus dude there's
the bus
I guess my bag mommy love you have a
good day
don't forget your paper you need to take
that morning echo
good morning puppy you go go outside go
potty
hmm good what I go potty yeah I know you
do yeah
angel you got go potty girl oh look at
you you're getting so big
yeah so big Oh angel
just cause I go potty come on let's go
let's go let's go my crew my dog crew
good girl go on want to say potty like
their kids go to the bathroom use the
John this is the Big John oh that's all
that's John out there today is going to
be a very hectic and busy crazy day I
have a meeting with the people who are
in charge of like the media at the
school where they're going to be holding
the service for young Carter on Saturday
I'm going to make sure that we have all
the necessary equipment available to
display the video that I'm creating and
then I literally have 15 maybe 20
minutes to complete that meeting get all
the information I need and then I have
to hightail it an hour away in the other
direction to make it to Veronica's
cousin's wedding today at 4:00 so it's
gonna be crazy busy I need to stay on
top of it I need to get ahead of the
game I have a lot to do so that guys is
where I'm going to leave you for today I
hope everyone's having a fantastic day
and you know I just want to kind of like
bring it home no matter what is
happening okay in your life you can see
there's quite a few things in my life
happening right now and I try to remain
positive and optimistic and I want you
guys to remember that even though being
positive is a good thing you should also
try and keep love in your heart
not only yourself but the people that
are around you I think love is a very
important thing for you guys to focus on
because we need a lot more of that in
this world that's for sure so yeah guys
that is what we're gonna leave it for
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching I can't wait to see each
and every one of you right back here
tomorrow
