hey guys
good afternoon your along with me today
we are doing the good old school
shopping
yes I am my mother but is a crest inator
and waits till the very last second to
do the school shopping so here we are
okay so here's the problem
we're waiting till the last minute
they're out of certain things especially
the Crown's
they mean a 24 pack of crayons and
they've got an 8 pack a 16 pack or 64
pack and it's crazy too because the
school specifically wants the Crayola of
course they have the 24 pack of the
crazy art but they're out of the Crayola
which I do believe Crayola works better
than the crazier the boys didn't even
want to come with me
to get their school supplies and I
really just gotta get caught Carson a
pair of shoes
Paul Nine Hostages I found them
I definitely think they will like these
he's in the break colors and all that so
let's get these and go home
Chace might shoot me I just totally
dropped the camera but it seems like
everything is recording and everything's
working you should never let me have a
camera bye bye bounce house look it it's
all gone the birthday party's officially
Finn eat that's right it was fun while
it lasted but we got like three or four
days out of it
so I think it was worth it I think was
totally worth it I have been given the
honor of creating it kind of like a
memorial slideshow video with all the
pictures and they gave me somewhere over
800 photos and some of them are small
some of them are vertical some of them
are horizontal and so I decided to kind
of create like a custom background and
Lindsay and her mom just brought over a
bunch of like little things that Carter
used to you know have with him all the
time and play with blankets and
bracelets and stuffed animals and stuff
and so I wanted to create kind of like a
custom background so that there aren't
any spaces where it's just black behind
it I want it to all be meaningful so I'm
about to go out in the garage and set
this stuff up in a really cool way and
do like a photo shoot take a nice photo
we've got a lot of what the family
brought for Carter's you know favorite
things this is like a symbol of a common
symbol they used for him because they
called him Carter man so Superman but
with the K and some stuff his little
sister made for him and some his
favorite stuffed animals and all that
I'll tell you what guys this is a tough
tough project for me to work on because
I'm you know so close with Scott and
Lindsay and and their family we've known
each other for her ages and
I'm good at what I do but I just this
one's tough
this one's tough as most of you know
we're getting ready to go to the beach
and last year we have one of those cargo
bags that you put on top of the roof
because in the back of the Jeep well
clearly it's cold blankets right now but
in the back of the Jeep you really don't
have all that storage space and it sucks
to pilot all the way to the ceiling
especially when you're traveling so last
year we put the cargo bag on top and we
don't have rails so we had to put straps
through the doors and the straps would
go all the way across to two of them
front and back
and on our way down it would rain and
the rain would come in and drip on the
kids it was probably one of the worst
travel experiences I have ever had so
this year I decided to get the roof
racks so that we can actually strap the
bag - these new roof racks so let's open
up this box and see what we got to do
here I have to admit I move I'm a little
bit confused right now because I got
into the box you got rails just got the
crossbars and we've got all the mounting
hardware but these crossbars like you
can see it doesn't go all the way across
which would mean my rails would have to
be inset and then these would stay here
but like I don't get it because when you
lift this up there's mounting hardware
right there it's already fit
so did they give me the wrong one and
now do it wait longer say hi to everyone
hey what's up what's up we it is time
maybe Liza is ready for bed we've been
reading the same book Oh over and over
for the past 20 minutes and she's been
snuggling with me she's ready for bed
can you tell him tonight say see ya yeah
see ya hey see ya good night sweetheart
I love you that won't work nah I had to
actually I just took the past 20 minutes
searching Google looking for original
and Jeep is basically a Chrysler
products original Mopar factory rails so
these are the rails
I found an original factory side rail to
order that belong on the Jeep this would
have required me to actually drill into
the sheet metal of the roof and it
wouldn't have even span the entire look
across the roof so it's not gonna work
and what really kind of bugs me is like
you go on I went in there and said I
need our roof rails or roof rack system
for 2012 jeep liberty
you guys all right this is this and this
and this and this and I was like okay I
want this one but like that's just so
bogus like
so you gotta be always really really
overly critical when you're ordering
something especially when we have a
deadline we're gonna leave for vacation
in like two weeks and the one site said
it would get here by maybe August 31st
and that that's a little too close for
me so we have to have this for our
vacation so I'm gonna take this one back
I've already ordered the original parts
hopefully I I can't remember the last
time I use FedEx but it said FedEx
Ground home delivery and should be one
to five business days so cross your
fingers for me we need to get that
before we leave for vacation or it's
gonna be another soggy soggy ride so
tomorrow is the kids very first day back
at school what what tell them what grade
you're going into second grade oh called
gone in the fourth grade fourth grade
you guys are growing up so fast before
you know it you're gonna be seniors and
you'll be playing football and be
hanging out on Friday nights with all
your friends causing mischief and the
cops caught on in everything let's hope
that doesn't happen
Collin are you excited to go back to
school yeah you're gonna need a walker I
never had a fourth-grade walker I can't
believe it's here man summer is
officially gone but we do have one last
stand like I said we are going to the
Outer Banks in two weeks roughly for a
family vacation so that's gonna be
really exciting I'm totally looking
forward to that so like what am I gonna
do it my free time tomorrow that's right
good morning there's a morning routine
fruit bowl fruit mmm brush those teeth
good son
you'll make a good impression on your
first day of school what the old seven
o'clock wake up we got the coffee yard
we got lunch is packed
good old oh my gosh fruit cups cheese's
Chips Ahoy
and Doritos do they need two snacks huh
they have all kinds at every time they
start school they have to take a bunch
of school supplies this is just what's
not in their book bags but you know the
drill pencils crayons scissors markers
the whole nine yards folders notebook
yellow sharpies that in fact those are
highlighters son you got the end of it
lessons the brothers sing goodbye for
school first happy days there it is
don't take it with you hey I'm gonna
miss you I love you have a great first
day all right I want to hear all about
it when you get home fourth grader there
he goes
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't
nostalgic in any way or you know a
little sad you know as a parent when
your kids start progressing and moving
up and in the ranks of school it's just
another indicator that you know life is
is never gonna stop it just keeps going
and going and it waits for nobody time
waits for nobody I know it'll probably
be out of the timeline of like actual
events but I know a lot of people take
these funny funny pictures of like when
their kids go back to school and the
parents the kids seemingly upset but the
parents are like overjoyed um so I'm
like concept in a really cool photo for
that and we'll shoot later today I think
it'd be really funny but uh yeah man
back to school time for seasons to
change again it's crazy you said are you
actually saying
I'm gonna miss you bud have a great
first day of school does the same
doesn't listen to me
pay attention learn be safe be
comfortable I'll see you when you get
home I won hear all about okay love you
and watch the bus driver when you cross
the street okay love you I see you yeah
look how cute look at your outfit Liza
she's kind of baby and eating a waffle
no I know it's cute so we have to go
take that rail rack back to trails West
and a couple other errands and stuff and
then my friends it's time to move on
with our day you know guys let me know I
know a lot of you have already gone back
to school some of you have yet to still
go back to school maybe you yourself
went to school or you're a parent has a
kid who went to school this week let me
know in the comments how your first day
of school went and of course come back
tomorrow to find out how the boys is
first day of school lamp and that my
friends is where we will leave you for
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
all right back here tomorrow
