what's up guys welcome to the vlog it's
a new day kinda rainy cloudy nice and
warm starting here at the barbershop let
me get a little trimming alright so like
I said before you come to Newark you get
your haircut at Vons
this is the homie to see Jeremy we think
dude
ready for good
ready what's good dude I don't even need
see the mirror why didn't you guys want
a haircut I'm telling you we should've
got you a haircut can we gotta get your
hair cut short
now you look good with that I like I
like your style I like your style all
right so we're in Newark Colin come here
bud
Colin got a little bit of cash for his
birthday and wad $249 $249 um so
basically we're in town Scottie told me
about a hobby shop that we're gonna take
Colin - why because what do you want to
try and get an RZ okay okay so we're
gonna go to this hobby shop and see what
we can find
Traxxas her does with the best Colin if
you're gonna get an RC I think you
should get a Traxxas Yeah right
oh my goodness yeah those are some
serious our C's my friend you're gonna
have to have your your old man's help on
that one is this the one you want
four-wheel drive is brushed this one has
a programmable ESC in it so you can get
50 percent forward throttle only for
training and then you get a sport and
race mode where you have for forward and
reverse features okay okay on this one
okay happy happy all right are you
excited
I'm sure yeah he's like get me out of
here haha thank you so much okay what do
you think should we go home and drive
this thing or what do you want to get
some food first
okay good cuz I'm starving whatever you
want it's your birthday
hey morning Tim Horan's alright cuz I
can find something there that's what you
were here yes there sure you don't want
any food
oh no ten chocolate embeds chocolate
Thanks
hope you're gonna get a doughnut I gotta
get a doughnut with you so I might get
those are my favorite I did sour sour
cream glazed and those honey crawlers
right here mmm and those long johns
pretty pretty stoked about this Boston
cream ones too and I'm also a big fan of
these guys don't even know what they are
but they're good we're gonna kill some
Tim Hortons panini sandwiches and we got
some doughnuts Timbits happy birthday
son so Tim Hortons was absolutely
delicious I still got like a convicted
can I have one Hey really hey thanks
buddy
I said sir Oh does that mean sure
and your sandwich was delicious too
right yeah I saw you over there like I
saw it I you said it was so good you
were spinning that back in your hand
eating it twice it was I was like dude
what are you doing trying to keep hold
of yourself we're in the middle of Tim
Hortons it's the classiest restaurant
you've ever been in you guys hear all
those birds all those trees are full of
them you don't see what calling up with
his with his dollars check this out whoa
Cam's gonna go scare the birds watch
they all flew that way we couldn't even
see him hahaha I'm a little confused
Traxxas why would you include a charter
that it goes into a car I mean I'm no
expert when it comes to our seas or
anything but like why why wouldn't it
come with the charge of the plug on the
wall paddle with 12-volt automotive
auxiliary power sockets only okay so
yeah we've got to charge the battery to
100% before we can really take this bad
boy out and have some fun while Colin's
ridiculously cool RC truck is charging I
have a bigger issue to tend to and that
is my pool yes that's right back again
on the pool front because well
yesterday's party totally trashed it
look at that pile of grass in the middle
the pump pressure reading was at 10
which as I read in the manual means you
have to back wash and rinse all your
sand because it's clearly full of all
kinds of debris and stuff so I'm going
to have to backwash the pump get the
pressure down scoop out the grass vacuum
the bottom
the top we should be good to go and one
one hour later perfectly clear you know
if YouTube doesn't work out for me I
think I could make it in the pool
cleaning business that looks pretty dang
good actually everything's clean the
pumps been back wash and rinse voila
just in time for this Colin's car fully
charged we've gone through the process
to set up the ESC and training mode so
it's only got 50% throttle and the trims
aligned and everything's ready to go it
has not been Droon yet
Colin you get the first official run are
you ready yeah take off dude
that's 50% do you think you should go
faster yeah yeah
I know it's kind of loud the blower back
there but
they didn't come get that yet they were
supposed to get it yesterday 8 o'clock
at night
all right take off whoa
that was awesome
oh my gosh
easy easy well mm-hmm you won't try well
I think if you ask nicely maybe he'll
give you a turn
that's good big brother
we decided to come over to our driveway
cuz it's more gravel that says I
remember reading an amendment manual not
to drive it in tall grass because that
will overload the servo and the motor so
this is probably a little too technical
gravel to go too crazy in but it still
man that that truck is sick man in case
you're wondering this is the Stampede
4x4 it's a four-wheel drive
careful show me your 360 I want to see
yet go go go yeah that's awesome dude
nice the 360 is already calling your
professional that we were looking at
this insert and clearly if we need plug
it into the wall we need an adaptor or
we get this ez peak duel so that we
could charge two batteries at once
nima HR lithium polymer batteries okay
well the Amazon batteries are cheaper
the Amazon ones are $27 he was charging
like 4548 for that price you get two of
them for the same thread but you'd have
to wait a little longer so we're having
chicken alfredo with garlic bread this
was Colin's requested birthday dinner
right what your favorite didn't fit him
yeah guys we decided to take a super
chill day because well it's Colin's
actual person we went pretty hard in the
paint yesterday but we've had so much
fun test driving his new 4x4 RCS pretty
cool I gotta admit that thing's pretty
red I never had an RC like - Georgie and
that was the one thing he said you
absolutely wanted for his birthday
so we got high fiber that you know oh
yeah it being Colin's birthday we pretty
much let him call the shots today and
let him do whatever he wanted we've got
it's our C car was a lot of fun took a
new tim horton's because that's where he
wanted to eat for dinner we made him its
favorite dinner now we're gonna watch a
movie okay guys we're gonna watch a
movie we didn't tell you oh goes after
we're done so I don't particularly enjoy
bringing you guys bad news but I spoke a
few days ago about Scott and Lindsay my
closest friends and their family
experiencing a really really tough time
with the
Lyndsey's sister's son Carter and it is
with a heavy heart that I tell you that
last night that young man lost his
battle to cancer Veronica the kids and
myself will go and visit the family
today and just be with them for support
just be there for them
I don't like delivering bad news but you
know this is life and if anything I'd
like to leave you guys with you know
your family is the most important thing
you have in this world and every day you
share with them as a gift that should
never be taken for granted so if you
have family that is sick or you know
it's just old take some time take some
time and be with them and let no words
be left unsaid because you never know
you never know so unfortunately the guys
that is where we will leave before today
I thank you so much for watching and we
will see you soon
