what's up guys I haven't showered I have
an en we've got everything ready for the
party
what the worst case scenario has
happened it has been pouring all day oh
that's not stopping us from having the
absolute best birthday party ever we got
tons of people throwing up already
I've been scrambling to try and get
everything together for instance I'll
show you
rain or shine nothing's ahead yeah uh
it's raining again I can't go out there
well I'll tell you I had to put an
umbrella over by where the blower is to
keep that thing inflated so that the
rain wouldn't get in it and have like a
plastic bag wrap around the extension
cord the pool is nice and ready but it's
looking wet like this sucks
I can't take this camera on the rain
it's not waterproof so I'll go get
another camera and I'll show you guys in
what everyone
you know they look like they're having
the best day ever happy birthday buddy
okay why don't you take this camera and
do some vlogging so what do you got here
got a bait launcher this is a baby
Martina
I may have kata-kata in the air
compressor colony
really yeah oh okay so basically this
valve right here is where you put the
air in so you fill over there you don't
have a gauge on here dude no you just
get on the beep ring yes 150 psi check
it out see what it is well there's a
gauge on the compressor yeah yeah so you
fill this compartment with air and then
when you're ready to fire it just flip
this bad boy and then how she blows oh
okay we have most of our party attendees
here look at these kids out here on this
where they all gone what up they were
all flying down it none of them are out
in the pool they're all on the bounce
house waterslide I think we're just
busting out some ground ginger grandpa
mom our Grammy and Quentin tonight
I'm about to get allies up from her now
I gotta get duck she made it back in
time
all these guys secretly talking she went
to bed and that one was here and now she
just woke up and she's like where'd all
these people come wrong trailer it's
dads in the cheese ball already ginger
how you feeling okay you're up now I'm
moving good to see ya moving around he's
gonna be going up okay there's baby Jack
digs in see you have that baby baby it's
a baby that's about a Jackson I'm here
baby Lucian around some Greek Jindo oh
boy
oh gosh you guys you won't believe this
look look it's Mia this Sun the Sun is
out Oh Sun please my math lesson right
mixing in the sky look at grillmaster
kill on oh yeah I know a lot of us here
definitely starving yeah I am sorry and
all these people I just fed up a little
bit you did God was with me on that look
at all this look at all this now my only
worry is that we have enough food okay
and B there will be enough left for me
when everyone else has already made
their plates it's like I might be going
too windy through I had to come out here
the little canned soda Red Solo Cup I
filled it up and wait I guess until it's
my attorney I had some special requests
for the blackest dogs you've ever seen
help me out here is there anyone
watching that likes burnt hot dogs they
don't want to see any flesh left they
want it to be black and Burt I told you
guys I had a special guest coming today
I want you all to meet a dear friend of
mine
this is Spanky hey Spanky Spanky
Collin where's Colin Colin I wanted this
to be a surprise but I thought you could
you know maybe check out a cool little
monkey for your birthday
her name's Spanky and she's probably the
coolest monkey I've ever met in my life
Spanky's a spider monkey what do you
think everyone's like oh goodness the
rain out earlier oh it was horrible you
let them hang on him give him some
sugars you tell me what kids party if
you've ever been to where they had the
coolest monkey on planet
how are you say : nine count the candles
oh yeah
love you thank you for coming bye dad
see you later alligator love a long time
Shana thanks for helping Polina Grandma
and Grandpa you look wonderful
oh yes you do the kids are out here
getting ready to play I'm trying to wrap
up uh here's the thing I don't have a
giant swamp Oh from all the water right
there and I need to dress deck Minamoto
Nick and I are about to shoot off this
epic potato gun and we need to pack this
so we've got a potato in there already
we're gonna use the broom handle and
shove it down in there pretty we call
that you were using my push rod push rod
there it is
weird 100/100 it needs to be 100 Oh max
I'm 50 we're testing the sound
oh my 1 1 what 100 psi here we go
oh my gosh you can't see it but it is
way past those trees whoa shooting it
just into the air is okay but I got this
spare piece of particle board here which
one this one right here this big one
let's go straight up yeah we're gonna do
with it
we're gonna set it up and we're gonna
use cinder blocks to hold it in place
and we're gonna shoot right at it or C
blocks in the garage dude yeah we got
this let's do it
it's a little shoddy but it's just
leaning up against a couple big sticks
there
nick has never shot this thing before
than just now and I'm gonna go ahead and
say I don't think it's gonna go through
it now I think it's what I think it's
gonna I think it's gonna crack the wood
I really do it'll definitely I really
think it will all the potato how do you
think the potato is just gonna
disintegrate yeah okay hard to aim but
I'll look at you know it's gonna be fine
are you fine all right here we go just
make sure you hit it ready yep whoa yeah
we got grass first we got a bag full
potato really I'm just sayin and in the
air is free all right we're up in the
Annie we're decreasing the range this is
about what 25 30 feet yeah okay I really
don't think I really don't think you're
gonna through it but ready here we go
I think maybe you lost a little bit of
air yeah I'm lesson must have a slow
leak all right take two see here right
on the target Nick here we go here we go
oh my god that I get that we'll never
get hold that is so awesome
any dents any damage theta
it's just potato well I'll tell you one
thing you wouldn't wanna be hit by no
that would definitely hurt Oh way to get
rid of Pokemon no we'll have to do we'll
have to do a tutorial to teach you guys
how to make your own oh yeah
potato gun they're super fun and ka bait
launcher yeah it's a bait launcher
exactly so Nick is gonna use that I mean
we're shooting potatoes out of it right
now but Nick is gonna use it when we go
to
each to load it with bait and cast the
bait way out there
there's many practical uses well it's
super primitive it's just PVC valves PVC
piping that's it
vodka yeah bring it out around look at
his board I got him aboard this was a
gift I accidentally left in the and the
trunks key oh yeah Colin nice sneaky and
look who showed up Bailey showed up
Bailey brought Colin a super awesome
little card some little Toys R Us Lou
you're lookin out dude that's super nice
thank you
Colin's living it up on that birthday I
think it's safe to officially say
Collins had the best birthday ever
right no really
thank you I didn't pay these guys to say
that anyway all right here goes amber I
feel like we're gonna go way oh my god
dude I'm still going to get my trunk
thumb go honey go
Eliza's mad she's got mud on her oh my
god you know what though you know what
hey those are my shorts come on don't
dirty up my shorts bro tell you what
right now this is a perfect spot for
some mud wrestling ha ha oh here we go
here we go here we go
are you about to mud wrestle oh there we
go here we go ladies and gentlemen
Eliza's mad at you Tessa that girls
having fun Veronica and Amber and Tessa
and everyone I walked away for one
second and the stuff got real this stuff
got really real look what this chick did
to me
goodness gracious
Colin talk to me for a second tell me
how your day was I want to hear all
about it
we just awesome yeah yeah new controller
minds can't agree yeah yeah hurry how to
thank for those yeah yeah yes oh thank
you a trainee hmm well I think it's safe
to say you had one of the best birthday
parties ever write an epic waterslide
yeah don't forget the bounce house that
was a huge hit why yard will suffer for
weeks
forget Carson Carson Oh what do you guys
think did you have the most awesome day
today or what yeah awesome day yeah you
guys pretty much contained yourselves in
the waterslide for like pretty much the
whole entire day yeah high fives for an
epic day about from you birthday boy now
tomorrow is your actual birthday
seriously yeah your birthday is not on
the 14th it's the 15th oh why not
epic day number two I'm just kidding you
guys school tomorrow
it doesn't it has been a really exciting
day not very often do you have the
opportunity to create some seriously
long lasting memories for your children
Colin had an amazing birthday party I
want to say thank you guys to you for
watching and supporting us and helping
to make these types of dreams become a
reality and I just want to say thank you
with that being said guys it is late I
do want to spend some nice quality time
with my kids before the day is
completely done so that is where we're
going to leave you for today remember
guys love yourself love each other
family is everything can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here Wow
