it's the last day that's right my
friends it's the last day here at the
beach we are out here just out here it's
been so nice just hanging out at the
beach relaxing there waving just
relaxing man I know there's like little
holes here and there in the uploads like
you didn't get to see every day of our
vacation well yeah tonight we pack
everything up and then tomorrow morning
we leave and head home it's gonna be
great to get home I missed the dogs you
know I've got a lot of projects and work
to get back into some super excited for
that we had the best vacation ever
yeah you look like you got a nice tan
yeah
lyza got herself a little mermaid Lizzie
Lizzie you forgot your mermaid
there's your mermaid Scott what do you
think if he had the best time ever had a
great time are you sad to leave the
beach always I'm not gonna leave down by
the ocean so the kids are out there
playing in the shallows because there's
red flags up today the rip current is
super strong so the kids are literally
just laying out there and laying on this
air thing I got to show you that yeah
isn't that the most comfortable thing to
sit on sure if you want
look it's called a wind pouch this is
like another brand of the same type of
chair I forget who made it originally
but it literally just has one open end
where you like clasp it together and you
just fill it with air from the wind and
it fills up to be the most comfortable
thing literally it's just like a hammock
that has no support you just sit it on
the ground and it's it is so nice
definitely a must-have if you're going
to the beach that thing is cool I'm
gonna miss this I love just walking
barefoot swimming trunks I belong to the
beach guys I really do hey Lindsey what
do you think have you had a good time
how about them go-karts last night hey
are all you guys ready are you guys
ready for a race car
go-kart racing let's do it
oh my gosh how awesome was that Colin
we won dude we beat everybody he lapped
them up it's crazy I know but pink ruled
that's pink ruled the race
Colin high five good job
are you serious we don't need be look we
already won though that was a blast is
actually a lot of fun Veronica and the
Liza went to take care of some shopping
you know look at the girls Duke and
they're finished we're all about to go
brave the beach back and it's gonna be
so rough up skier how was your shot big
dark okay so yeah the Gulf the go-karts
were fun but they didn't let me like
take a GoPro with me I had a handlebar
mount but they wouldn't let me use that
and I didn't have a chesty okay so now
it's time for the Traxxas the xmax on
the beach is in sane however in the
instructions for this vehicle they
specifically say do not take it on the
beach because the salt it it corrodes
things man look
so we've already had it out here all
week and we've got lots of corrosion I
know I'm probably gonna have to replace
these parts it's a very good idea if you
takin a vehicle like this out in the
sand or on the beach where there's salt
water you want to rinse it off and I let
one night go by where I didn't rinse it
off and that happened but she still
works like a charm and thankfully all
those parts are pretty easily
replaceable who's ready to see the
Traxxas rocket oh yeah all right guys I
have an epic idea instead of just taking
it out of the Jeep and setting it on the
ground putting the batteries in and then
taking off I say we jump it out the back
of a Jeep
yeah the kids uh as soon as we're done
driving right they're like alright dad
see ya Bob we're traveling tomorrow so
we got to make sure we take this and
hoser off
honey we gotta hurry the sunsets
happening it's the last one it is you
wanna go see it let's go see it
come on manda let's go we're gonna see
the sunset Lizzie do you want to see the
sunset okay oh oh there's the very the
very end of it oh I see you oh I see you
everybody's on that sunset photo shoot
Liza is that pretty sunset see ya it's
that sad moment you guys we gotta leave
the beach house did everyone have a good
time yeah yeah but you I know you never
do we stopped out here for one last the
only picture on the beach
we have a long and grueling drive ahead
of us but for you it's going to be one
quick montage and we're home
lyza we're home sweetie are you ready
get out of there oh no screaming that
she wanted out
finally we're home for you guys it was
just a short short second but for us
those two days I'm driving
wait where's our dogs puppy dogs oh I
think it's safe to say the dogs missed
us too I'm so happy to see them guys we
just want to say thank you so much for
coming along with us on our vacation
we're home now are you guys stoked to be
home or what yes and look what showed up
when we did we got all family passports
does that mean we're going somewhere
super international or something stop
say don't ever say it's secret they'll
just have to stay tuned to our medium
exciting life to figure out what happens
hi guys that is where we're gonna leave
you for today we want to say thank you
so much for coming along with us we
can't wait to see you right back here
