hey guys welcome to the vlog it is a
beautiful day here in Columbus Ohio it's
time for Veronica's first ever 5k run
but we're here at the starting line but
we can't really find Veronica and the
group yet so we got to go fun made it
we're here at this inflatable 5k we go
smile good luck there's the starting
line we have to make it up over that big
giant hill before we can even start
hi Manny
wish me luck good luck I've only got one
hand you can't do a high five love you
mmm
have fun run hard good luck ladies all
right Scott time to work bro let's do it
you did it we did it we got my first 5k
medal penguins II did it we all did it
with maybe barely but with a ball I am
proud of everyone we go back in the car
we're driving separate and we're going
out to eat now we're getting some food
we need to refuel for sure but I'm very
proud of everyone I'm very proud of
myself for actually starting something
and finishing it that was a long a long
race how you girls feel about it it was
fun but I'm exhaust is that's all I can
I think I think I'm gonna go home and
jump in the pool clothes and all okay
we're here to refuel buffalo wings
all right thank you
okay we have finished up
ready for a nap made at home
this is definitely very refreshing after
a long hot sweaty day it's been hot oh
hey you would be very proud of mommy
I'll finish my race today and Lindsay we
did it so guys Mopar is in town and we
decided take a little break your showers
and kind of rest up and we are up in
Buckeye Lake there is a long line of all
sorts of moss and gebardi
doing burnouts and just showing off so
we're gonna catch some of this this is
awesome you know I can't I can't even
believe like they can do this it's got
to be some just like turn to the cheek
type thing on a
behalf of the police around here but so
many amazing cars just they find here's
the thing they find these water spots
and that's how you get them to do
burnouts in front of you I need to go
get five-gallon bucket water right in
front of your house yeah let's go get
our waste wait for there we go
nice
everyone's literally lined up and down
the street because I want to see people
roast and tires think I'm mobile home he
was even not here rather though so yeah
I took the kids up to check out all the
Mopar mo cars in town the Mopar
Nationals I think it is and there's
challengers there's Chargers there's
there's Mustangs there's so many
different cars up at Buckeye Lake just
going nuts right now
rain cancels all the races and they
usually do quarter-mile drag but no one
can stop you from doing burnouts except
sort of enemies yeah it's kind of cold
already wets the road well the road is
actually dry and we found that the only
spots where dudes would do burnouts is
where people were throwing water on the
road yes it helps yeah exactly
everyone's asleep in the house we have
had such an exciting day I just want to
say how proud of you I am for your super
awesome 5k run I know it wasn't a
technically a run but yeah that was an
awesome achievement and I just won't say
I'm very proud of you hmm
myself you should be high-five
I find my love what is that there's
something
well this was not exactly how I imagined
Colin's birthday party it is pouring
rain and the forecast shows rain all day
my love it's raining what do we do just
party in the rain all that it look like
there's you more nasty yeah there's
thunderstorms on the radar pretty much
today it's a straight line just coming
straight up all day are you excited for
your birthday party yeah yeah are you
excited that it's raining it does put a
damper on things but we did plan to have
a water related party anyway 100
Lightning they can't be out playing in
it we're going to improvise real quick
we're gonna have to figure out what
exactly we can do to salvage this party
day we do have the big garage that we
can go inside and do some kind of fun
games or whatever but we're gonna have
to really put our minds to it I'm not to
edit this vlog I just want to say again
honey super proud of you for that race
yesterday everyone give Veronica the
thumbs up for smashing that 5k and
achieving a goal I'm so proud I hope you
guys are too and that my friends I think
is where we're gonna leave you for today
don't you miss out on Colin's birthday
party tomorrow it's gonna be such a
blast we do have a special guest coming
and yeah that's all I got for you today
guys thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see each and every one
of you right back here Wow
