Oh what is happening guys welcome to the
vlog it is a beautiful day I can't tell
you how many beautiful days in a row
we've had in Ohio but it I'll take it
I'm coming out to see my mom I need to
get a sander anyways let me see mom you
know she requested from me she requested
some nachos and cheese how are you good
how are you mmm we've slaughtered this
Taco Bell mom how are you feeling very
silly you very sore yeah can we touch it
no I know I know what it looks like I
remember look I brought you a treat you
gotta have one I have one yeah
these are little Cinnabon things filled
with icing well like oh so gooey in the
middle
delicious puff pastry sermon mmm okay I
have to get it what I came here for jizz
the electric sander I mean I probably
could have bought it a couple sheets of
sandpaper and done all that stuff by
hand but ain't nobody got time for that
not today my grandparents always lock
their doors
it's crazy they are probably some of the
most paranoid people I know they think
out here the country I'm gonna get like
robbed
boom surprise hey Graham
I gotta get a sander how are you I'm
good they hired at the Internet
hi Internet that's her book c'mon
sisters all right I got everything I
need a good sander Oh
dropped my bit let's go no right here is
a router and that's my router bit oh I
need more heads sweet so we've got our
sander we've got our router and this is
the I'm gonna just round I don't know if
you can if you don't understand how that
works basically this just cuts that
shape out of the edge of the board so
we're just going to round out the sharp
edges and we're going to sand it my goal
is to get the sandbox and the rest of
like the fun stuff to do at my house all
ready to go for this weekend
Colin's birthday party Sunday and
Saturday Veronica's doing this 5k
inflatable thing and I'm going to film
it so that'll be mostly what the vlog is
on Saturday it's gonna be really cool
actually because Veronica's never ran a
5k or any race for that matter so I
think it's really cool that she wanted
to do that so we're gonna make that the
focus of the vlog that day so I have the
rest of today and tomorrow to get
everything done because Saturday is
already blocked out here where I go home
lies the guys got finishers hanboks big
girl ah we're gonna finish your sandbox
you gonna move Oh Oh sweetheart it's
good to see you I love you long time
I'll see you soon I think soon I just
had to show you guys the theater
okay gang man it's not a sharp for the
kiddos now probably should have thought
about this before I put it all together
you know the pieces that are already
screwed together there's not enough room
for the guide to get in there but I
think it's yeah I think it's enough to
make sure that they don't get splinters
and stuff plus I'm gonna sand it all now
even playing the sawdust Liza good deal
yeah pretty cool huh
I think she likes it hey Veronica
nestled via nasal bezel with legends of
Awesome says Oh with a big titties Oh
the three smaller holes in the middle
ripped straight out of the posts I don't
know if it's I don't think I don't think
I did that
whoopee baby you're gonna sand it by
hand for me you're gonna stand it by
hand for me arrey perfecta did you did
you put a man in there in the car don't
get in
ready yeah hey yeah the guy men are all
washed something a little you're cute
are you cute wow are you cute great come
here baby
Oh would you only want me have your your
towels
oh yeah there she is oh my sweetheart
mm-hmm so yeah Scottie shows up to drop
off their kids right um kind of a quick
update on that it's you know the
situation's still persist yeah yeah God
look at my god Gunz name look at my
class oh they're talking about lamby
lamps I told the kids they'd have to go
to bed immediately or if they wanted to
stay up all the games a little longer
they had to clean the entire living room
and they're doing it oh that goes in the
sink buddy imagine level okay in just a
moment the entire garage is going to be
clean and oh so yeah
the garage is clean and it's morning it
was spent the better half of last night
this morning cleaning the garage and
getting some other things done but I
still have to weed eat Oh check out what
showed up a footman bounce house
whoo yeah that's right we got a bounce
house early this morning we had the guys
show up and bring this giant bounce
house which also has a splash pool which
doesn't have any water in it so it's not
well it's like that right now it is 100
degrees out today
you
Oh
hey Chuck in the best yeah you're one
cool thing and everyone in the
neighborhood shows up
you can get over
yeah we got a bounce house for Colin's
birthday party friend of mine owns like
a
I don't know what you call it like a
party service where they do like unique
tables and chairs and
bounce houses and
he does DJ services he's got all the
cool toys
we called him hey bring us some cool
stuff oh wait wait wait wait wait ah
dang it oh that was it right there
dang wiser you just climbed all the way
up jump in there
swear to God jump hurry hurry hurry jump
ha ha ha oh my gosh oh my gosh that is
hilarious
 you better get some air
I came up off of it
mom can you get out this doesn't push it
from in there she's rounding so we can't
let this all be about work we got to
have some fun and I'll tell you what I
did all the trimming I guess I call it
weed eating I got all the trash picked
up out of the yard there's still some
stuff left to get I cleaned the garage
which took the majority of the time and
I one of you guys commented about the
bugs that was up here well I
I took my vacuum and was up on a chair
and got all the cobwebs and the bugs
away from the lights all the way around
and got that clean got my other garage
clean and so now it's time to have a
little bit of fun so we have this
ridiculously awesome bounce house and it
fills with water so there's a water hose
up there that gets a slide all wet and
this is filling up the water yeah we
need to get more water in there so
they're gonna they're gonna do that
maybe Liza you won't go swim in the pool
with Daddy ah she's like I want to get
in there you want to go swim with Daddy
in the pool she said nope oh my gosh
so nice oh that feels so nice you guys
this is the number one reason why I love
having a pool these kids get to grow up
swimming in their own pool learning how
to swim yes good and it's the perfect
getaway from a super hot summer day yeah
I am walk to you guys you have no idea
we have a little bit left to do to get
ready for the party but I kind of wanted
to take Veronica just her and I tonight
and go see the movie sausage party looks
pretty incredible and Jay and Vicki if
you look over there they're getting the
camper ready every year at this time I
think it's Bristol they go to the races
and they're never here for cones
birthday parties so they're getting
ready to leave Suns going down kids are
having a blast
you just can't I mean good days we were
this close to going to seeing sausage
party and then Bronco realized would you
realize I have to go feed the horsies
well there is a big giant bummer I'm
sorry I want to go see that movie so bad
this is because II there is because the
horses are well you know huh I love you
too
so it's getting quite late I have
actually a late night livestream
scheduled for tonight because I was so
busy with everything earlier I had to
reschedule
anyways I'm gonna livestream
and after that edit the vlog so that we
can get up bright and early
Veronica is running her first ever 5k
tomorrow I'm actually really excited for
her um it's just another step in the
fitness journey that I think is really
really working out for her and I'm so so
proud so if anything guys leave a like
on today's video for Veronica and her
sister and Lindsey and amber I believe
her going to so thumbs up for all those
guys going to run a really cool
inflatable 5k race tomorrow I think it's
going to be pretty neat I'll be filming
it so you know it's going to look really
really sweet taking the drum or taking
the Panasonic and we're gonna have some
really cool video for tomorrow so make
sure you don't go anywhere that's all
I've got for you guys today thank you so
much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
