what's up guys welcome to our Dave how's
everyone's day doing we got Cameron in
the house and call in and Carson yeah hi
charge your bottle treasure bottle yes
model and the cap so what you got to
hide three of the things and they gotta
go find wait wait ok looks smart that's
smart let me show you what Veronica's up
to its kind of like cleaning day at our
house you're killin all hey you one day
read that book II really do another
bookie yeah so it's a coming close to
Collins birthday party as you know when
we have Collins birthday party we
usually do it here at the house this
year we're doing something a little
special we are I guess renting a giant
like bounce house splash zone slide
thing one of those big giant inflatables
that you know they come up inflate it
and it's huge and the kids are going to
love it we're also gonna have a ton of
family here so we gotta actually buy
that we've been one to purge a bunch of
stuff that we don't need for a while and
that's what we're on today so chronic is
doing all the clothes and getting rid of
all kinds of closest of that we don't
wear nobody wear anymore what
pitching you could cast all these are 3
16 inch anchors I totally need the okay
drone battery charging remote charging
look I promised Veronica once I get all
my office built this kind of like
collection of stuff I used to film the
vlogs every day will no longer be there
and Brock was like ah thank you so much
i can't wait and it has to be after
vacation for a bunch of reasons but we
can't build the office space until after
we get back when I do it's time you're
gone you get three hits no that's a lot
these guys are down here playing but
yeah when uh when that office gets built
so many different things are going to
pick up for us and it all has to do with
like my mental space and how how I how I
get things done it's just so hard to do
when there's kids running around and all
the different distractions of daily life
so it is about time for a live stream so
I'm going to handle that if you guys are
new to the channel and you don't know
yet I do twitch live streams three days
a week Wednesday Friday and Sunday
wednesday and fridays at five pm eastern
and sundays at ten a.m. eastern and i do
update on twitter if i have to like push
it back or reschedule it or whatever but
uh it'd be really awesome if you guys
joined us for our live streams we have a
ton of fun and even if you don't like
video games it's still worth it to come
and you know hang out because i'm very
active in the chat and responding to
people so it's almost like it's almost
like a you now live stream but we're
playing games at the same time so yeah
well miss what are you doing are you
drinking the ranch off your plate is
that good huh you can see you know
Spence is there good clean are you all
done yes homemade pizza thanks honey for
making homemade pizzas
I know is in charge of dinner tonight
but dpz yeah you want that let's go
we're gonna catch us a sunset going to
buckeye lake so we can catch a beautiful
lake sunset
so catching a sunset at the lake was a
really really good idea but it started
to cloud up real bad I think there's
another storm coming well that was fun
right guys yeah we didn't really get to
catch a nice perfect sunset but that
doesn't mean we can't get up and catch a
little bit of our Sun Rise sunrise look
here's Papa boos oh there's papa boos
man I remember the days wasting away my
summer working on top of it it makes me
so literally so humble and so grateful
to each of you for for allowing us to
live our lives the way we do now and I
don't I don't feel like I say thank you
enough you guys really have changed our
lives and it means the absolute world to
us so boys you better say thank you
thank you
doing my morning fool check because the
Sun lately everything is like depleted
the chlorine level is at zero which
isn't that's not good that's why no
chlorine left in there all right that
should help and the boys last time they
were in the pool they got my skimmer in
there hey Carson go get it for daddy
yeah go ahead we gotta get all these
bugs off the top go ahead do it I can
tell already it's gonna be another
beautiful hot day today in Ohio just
look up there
I made the boys come outside and swim
instead of playing video games and said
you guys having fun so I really don't
think I have anything else for you guys
today let me know in the comments if you
liked the drone footage and stuff from
the Buckeye Lake area I always loved
flying over water it's such a cool cool
visual but yeah that's all I got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see each and
every one of you right back here
tomorrow
