what's up guys we're coming at you from
drum practice today he's not the best
just yet but he's gonna get it so Colin
that was a pretty decent practice bro
yeah nice getting luh they're calling it
the money groove right how does the
money a groove go nice okay yeah so we
started the day at drum lessons Colin
did really well so now I have a I have a
pretty fun activity plan but we're gonna
have to go get something to to actually
make it work let's go we need green
balls perfect so before I take you guys
outside and show you the activity we
have planned today I need to tell you
that today's video is sponsored and I'm
really honored to have this video
sponsored by none other than Rovio the
makers of Angry Birds for the entire
time I've ever had a smartphone one of
the only games I've ever had on my phone
what's Angry Birds and so now today I'm
excited to tell you about Angry Birds
too
I mean look guys it's the same Angry
Birds you know and love but they've got
a completely new interface and a whole
new way to experience it so each
different area of the map is themed and
every time you cross over into a new
area the music changes I mean just the
whole layout is super super cool
look at me I'm already on level 25 check
this up here we go check this out check
out this new bird here watch we've got
fans which make it a little more
difficult alright let's do this
we're gonna drop from above oh let's get
the egg drop in ah so close alright red
bird don't let me down I didn't get my
second hit nice we got them did you know
that there's been over a hundred million
downloads for Angry Birds - that's
pretty insane and that gives you a good
indicator about how many people are
still totally addicted to this game come
on yellow bird don't let me down - let
me down yes
look at my destruction meters oh yes
extra card Angry Birds is still just as
fun as it was before and this time
they've added a lot more cool animations
a bunch of different birds and there's
so much to keep you busy Angry Birds
never let me down I still love this game
so much and it's not just because we're
doing a sponsorship together that I
talked so highly
I literally have been a huge fan of
Angry Birds from the beginning so you
guys should definitely download the game
tell me how far you can get the link is
in the description it is available for
free now is the perfect time to go start
our activity for the day check it
ready Bluebird
oh oh it's so close we are coming so
close to hitting it but we just
absolutely can't and there's a big giant
store I'm about to run us out of our
game you guys we we the activity is
building and having fun making Angry
Birds in real life so we just use cups
right and wood planks to create our
structures I mean we probably could why
are we just going the garage so what I
want to knock some of these guys down
with that bird okay relocation stage
number two in the garage a safer
environment with no weather boys are you
ready let's destroy these pigs
one left yeah
so clearly Angry Birds is a lot easier
to play on your devices but in real life
it's still a lot of fun it's just really
really tricky you guys can't get enough
Kenya there's so much humidity today
there's like some serious rain coming
but we don't care I think we're about to
get in the pool it is so hot that was a
lot of fun if you guys want something to
do just it was just Solo cups cardboard
cutouts and if you have like the Angry
Birds plushies you could definitely use
those or you can just use balls like
just like I don't know what you call
them just activity balls you can get
them at any toy store and draw a little
pig face on them it's perfect
wanna see you jump as high as you can
give me the most awesome cannonball ever
ever ever
cannonball yeah hold on let's see if
Colin can get a better cannonball come
on Colin
let me see that cannonball dude
we have our first fully open sunflower
how cool is that here's another one
starting belli smacker let's see it are
you watching the challenge
Liza hi cutie
what you got who's ever daddy oh you
took it everybody I know it's been a
minute since you've seen this guy today
hi ninja
hi purple we just came over to the barn
give him a little brush out and run Jim
a little give him a little bit exercise
keep his body moving hmm yeah you ready
yeah yeah I'm boy ninja look so pretty
keep going thank you safe thing and just
getting that you're getting fat boy he
definitely needs worked a lot more gonna
start coming over and working him
regularly he just ripped yeah boy
good boy braid them off hold water now I
got a squeegee
one last thing you got to do is pick
their feet after you're done working on
make sure there's no problems or any
damage in there folks
thank them just mad at me now I put some
salve on his nose cuz it was really like
dry and chapped from like getting
sunburned and it keeps snotting and
snorting on me do not like that on your
nose do you not like that on your nose
but it'll make it better I just walked
in the door and it's my my time give
this big fat kill no no I want my food
mmm
if their bedroom is actually kind of
clean your birthday is Monday but we're
having a birthday party Sunday you're
ready for it so wait mm-hmm how old are
you gonna be 9 9 years old you can't
believe it
oh well that won't happen till we buy a
bigger house yeah
it's a heck of a way to lay aa look
Veronica's in here watching Big Brother
do we got any Big Brother fans I'm
pretty sure there's quite a few Big
Brother fans this is what 18 I won't
it's bv1800 Veronica's not caught up oh
no spoilers you better watch it tonight
because you know the comment section is
gonna be brutal
all right it's late I'm ready for a cup
of coffee number two and we got sausage
and eggs growing nothing from his
specialty sausage and eggs for breakfast
in the morning guys something really
really strange happened last night well
early this morning it was like 5:45 and
everyone in the house is literally
ripped from their sleep because all the
fire alarms kept going off the first
time they went off I came downstairs
everywhere I went around everywhere and
looked for a fire and there was nothing
there was like there was absolutely
nothing and then I grew up stairs lay
back down and as soon as I get
comfortable again they start going up
again and then they keep them in our
house all the fire alarms are
interconnected so there's like a wiring
that runs in between all of them so if
one fire alarm goes off they all go off
and when that kept happening I just went
around and deep connected all of them
from the circuit they still would work
individually but only one would go off
at a time and so because of that I was
able to find the exact one
that kept freaking out for whatever
reason and the back of I had a date of
2004 on it so I'm thinking that one just
kept Fritzing out and setting off all
the other ones so we're gonna have to
like really figure out if that's exactly
why I'll go buy a new one today and put
it up and make sure the whole system
works again but that was a mess and then
like we did that before when we did the
Christmas tree prank we made the fire
alarms go off the boys woke up
immediately and they thought we were
trying to prank him yeah kids
unfortunately go back to school on the
17th 18th and then like a week later
we're going to the Outer Banks and we do
that because we want to go with our
whole family and that's the best time
for us all to go together we just have
the most fun that way so look forward to
some epic epic vacation vlogs here in
the near future but that for today guys
pretty much all I got for you I'm gonna
eat breakfast and then we're gonna start
getting ready for Colin's party so thank
you guys so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here
