hey guys good afternoon we are here look
look at this Amber's hair is straight no
bump today um yeah it's getting a lot in
this car let's go we gotta go we on here
Kroeber we have to get some drinks where
I'm a little shindig cookout thing
tonight and we got to get some beverages
ready corn chicken some rolls
it's ma nerd and some soda of beverages
chips and some plastic cups okay and I
think that's it that's all we need this
is actually a quick trip in right now
yeah so we're home we've got John and
the house Hey
we're gonna do a challenge together
today and I'm gonna be super super duper
and of course there's all food yeah are
you looking forward I'm looking forward
to anything that goes inside my belly
even a tapeworm because I'm an elder his
weight whatever he doesn't eat we have
to wear and I might be naked I know I'm
pretty confident John's gonna
practically eat whatever we put in front
of him yeah I will say lots on accident
it goes like this that's great tinder
look look they brought this epic queso
dip really halfway done oh yeah I know
it's right here we yeah eating your
stood up though with those jalapenos no
I'm gonna be really regretting
Carson you're not staying with us where
you going come on Evans
you going Evans spend the night I'm
gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you for
the challenge I love you
you go have fun with your friend it's
gonna be I thought was the end of summer
dance oh you're getting in while you can
right yeah Oh high five stay alive oh
you better they're not a better bunch of
teeth when you dance at challenge ha ha
ha so it is that time instead of Oh
fixing or working on the pool it's time
to swim how's it feel feels great
chemicals are just eating my fat away
that's the best way to lose weight guys
acid pool you know I thought I thought a
way to fake someone out would be you
know the I forget what kind of metal it
is but when the metal gets wet uh-huh
it like disintegrates oh wow and there's
a form that you can make like a spoon
out of that metal yeah and I thought
about like putting a spoon in and it's
like eating away if you call if you
really if you just had like a shirt and
when you put down you pull in like a
skeleton hand you're like oh that's what
that felt good how great is it not
wonderful
the pools first used since it's actually
been finished i displace like so much
water just by jumping in I know we're
going to fill it back up like that's why
they call me the meteor but uh the what
was it the stabilizer hey no the
stabilizer they had us put in there
makes the water feel nice and soft so
I'm proud man I'm happy I'm doing that
happy dance we got the pool up the pool
up it feels so good it is time for a
cookout I've got my charcoal just
cleaned out my grill kind of got it in
the shade a little bit so I don't get
scorched by the Sun sit still Sahara
we're having barbecue chicken tonight
caveman Gilroy has made fire yeah I feel
so bad I've just made Jon's child cry I
made for you okay buddy he didn't like
the William Tell challenge but it was
sweet man yeah you'll have to go wash on
John's blog channel if we just did he
did a video before we had like this
hero's reading Dotson it's like a nerf
like bow and arrow yeah super fun is
really good like surgical tubing so it
goes really hard yeah so we just shot
cups off each other's head and when I
shot the top his head wait he didn't
even cry when I when you shot it off my
head he knows who to care about ah I
should've cut off John's head and poor
kid just like yeah yeah I nailed it
those awesome reshot we are we are
getting close we're gonna need some more
barbecue sauce on their little fingers
of flavor you can have some I promise
oh I better I better you don't write
someone to your house if I can't look
this food now get out uh-huh
alright let's see let's see so
everyone's getting ready to eat and
while I look over and see this food it
makes me nervous for what we're about to
do
look at the spread Leroy Simmons and
what it oh man we're double vlogging yes
well don't do the vlog ception joke it's
so funny how about you're right yeah
come on we're better than that
you're right know below not better than
wasabi mustard
oh good see that's the one I'm worried
about not because it's hot it's hot I
feel like my body will literally reject
it like I feel like I'll put in my body
my bicep now all right what about ginger
I like ginger on my sushi a whole spoon
of it but a whole spoon of it that's
like look rolling into flavortown too
fast normal stuff
normal did you know my last vlog I like
referenced elbow like three times
really rafet ik yeah SpaghettiOs we got
cream of corn milk is delicious really
I've never my god it's just sweet ooh
great sardines not bad not bad I like
sardines yeah
the clams underneath and what I'm
worried about how's that Liza take this
bro dude gilroys you're welcome Johnny
boy you guys came to our house if you
like a little Caesars Pizza all right
dinners finished we are bagging up the
ingredients great ingredients is a
generous term this is just this is the
weapons right it was the ammunition I
guess you're right the other weapon all
right the stage is set the camera is
ready got our camera man we've got a
buttload of bags filled with random
stuff Veronica amber John and myself you
guys ready to get messy yeah I hope so
this is the afternoon I love our eat it
or wear it coward Thanos where's that
hose hey I ate everything dude
good I'm proud I don't need a high five
I'm good no kick it so hard in the
wasabi all right we need to get rid of
you guys are definitely gonna trick
Slick Rick oh you see this yes stink
moisturize look that serious know it
let's film this
oh now it's cold yeah you joking here
and rub in the hair yeah
you got to put mayonnaise in there that
should you know moisturizes the ice
cream was the worst for the first
yeah just sat there I got a beat I don't
know if I can get the whole thing out of
my hair we're look John's like our guys
would yeah we gotta go baby needs to go
to sleep I need to learn that tactic
actually baby really you thought a bad
sorry dude it was a lot of fun thank you
for coming I want to see you more often
dude there's a lot of me to go around
hahaha you guys make sure you go check
out John's channel I'm sure he'll have a
vlog up of today's activities and I'm
not sure when exactly I'll post the
challenge video this was fun Oh try the
ice cream oh my gosh I don't you know
yeah I wear it with pride
hahaha alright dude see you later bye
Lauren bye Christopher Oh he waved see
you buddy
now it's our turn to clean this mess up
we are all cleaned up from this
challenge what a fun day not only you
know I love barbecues hanging out with
friends was really cool to be able to
hang out with John and his family don't
really get to see you know Lauren and
Christopher ever really and so it was
real freshing to get to see John's kid
he's such a cutie man and his laugh is
hysterical I can't even take it when he
was playing with the dogs the kids
laughs just something you'd see on a
meme or something that's hilarious
Caleb thanks for filming dude yeah Caleb
helped run the camera for the challenge
and what do you think how do you feel
about I feel better no but I'm clean I
know it was nasty
who's so gross oh I said it early I felt
like I felt like a piece of gum stuck to
the underneath of a movie theater seat
so I hope you guys enjoy that challenge
video I think for the rest even I know
I'm what I think brought bad with me
yeah we're gonna just chill and watch a
movie so we'll probably just go ahead
and skip to the the good part you know
coffee berries this fertilizer morning
my love she's making eggs and sausage
pies loves those berries look how big
they're from Nana's garden huh
eat it she's playing with so awful big
berry for such a little mouth ah it's a
beautiful day out today guys it's not
gonna be as hot as it has been lately
and I really want to go do some
adventuring like last year last summer
we went to like old man's cave Blackhand
gorge and I want to take the kids and
stuff to do that but with the baby it's
it's just too hot I want to have her out
and that kind of heat so I think this
week we're going to try and get to do
some adventuring go fly the drone do
some more like cool vlogs like you've
seen in the past they've been pretty raw
lately yeah I had to come outside and
let the dogs out I just wanted to get a
breath of fresh air it is looking
beautiful there isn't a cloud in the sky
and it's actually a good data the fair
is happening today so I think we might
go check that out but okay so I'm going
to take my camera out and get some
opening scenes for tomorrow's video I
want to say thank you guys so much for
watching I know today's vlog is probably
a little short and random but Sunday
Funday nice chill day we like to take it
easy on Sunday so that
is where we leave you for today thank
you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
