ladies and gentlemen welcome to the vlog
it is a beautifully hot day today as
normal look where we're getting started
with this project Seth how you doing up
there I can see your butthole right now
we're running wire from the fuse panel
over there all the way over to go
outside this wall to get this outside
circuit installed for the pool and Seth
is playing spider-man for ant-man yeah
once he started pounding in a clip to
hold the wire all these ants started
coming out from up here so we have some
more problems to address up there after
it's not going well I don't think
I was going on a little buddy so many
rock yeah let's say it sucks say just
just kind of waiting on you now you guys
digging holes or trenches in the heat of
the day
Oh mad respect for all you guys to do
that stuff for a living that is hard
hard work we are pretty much where we
need to be when we started digging this
hole for our post what do you think Seth
how much farther uh about another pie
sweat pint yeah okay I'm thinking okay
I'm with you uh what what is it I want
to put the box to the back of the hole
so I put your outlet on this side yeah
we're on the pipe up to yeah yeah
straight up no yeah yeah I like that
okay that way water splashing shit yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey
yeah no more boom right there
we are feeding all of the wire through
Conda right now we've got our trench
ready I know it looks like crap and all
the routes and stuff but feeding conduit
getting everything lined up and then so
I started back filling this line that's
got the cover on is it ready that's
ready plug her in I saw a light that's a
good sign oh yeah listen to it / guys
this is awesome that is the last step
that we needed a complete to get this
pool perfectly in order now all we have
to do is wait for the filter to catch up
with the cloudiness and it's mission
complete Seth yeah show them that shirt
where's your shirt go thanks des this is
how much this dude sweats here I want
you to twist that thing out show him how
much you sweated on this oh dude you are
a nasty human you guys listen I don't
know if you know or not but Seth started
his own business and I'm super proud of
you for that by the way he started his
own business because he was tired of
working for the man doing glazier work
he used to install Windows but now he
started his own
he's got his own shirts check it out saw
construction service it's awesome if you
live in the Columbus area and you want
work done I don't know how far you're
willing to travel how much gonna pay
exactly right
check out his Facebook page go show him
some love if you want good work done you
live in the area do that seth is the man
he does a great work
no super pretty and he's super pretty
yeah you can have something like to look
at all you got work getting done that's
true everybody would you got you got a
car oh my goodness Wow so just like that
guys I'm showered I'm ready to get out
of here thanks to getting to the girls
for making sure my kiddos are safe yeah
I don't know when it ends but I know
they're going hard
they're about to come by and pick me up
right now I'm already super tired why
are you doing I'm ready let's go I've
been waiting all day for you guys I
actually came in the doing the same
thing for a minute what is it really all
right this is the crew I guess I'm late
to the party but it starts now I'm not
driving this little joint right here
it's quite small
you guys ready to party with Gil the
level of enthusiasm at that moment just
then was absolutely pathetic look Scotty
at least you can feeling it better
knowing that the the sheriff's literally
got your back he's right behind you
always been several women all day oh
he's in the store around us all day
really
now that's cool
we are all for sweet beans
time to the raffle
I got a few tickets here they're about
to announce the winners cross your
fingers
cross your fingers cross fingers
amber and I yeah we're taking a little
walk down here around the corner to the
grocery stores um yeah we need some gum
and like some ice-cold water I want an
ice cold water taste brownie water but
it wasn't lukewarm yeah I was like new
form some ice cold water it's when I'm
very very hot day I got some good tea
calm as well as this icy cold
wotcher and I need some of these yep
need something sweet don't we get a big
bag who's ready to come over to the car
amber needed some things out of the car
um yeah I smashed piggy good night
it's her help here eat this last one
okay they were good they hit the spot
that sweet sweet
it's over we literally spent the most of
our time here sat at this table watching
the band that was very very loud guys if
you have
it was brutally Scott had to take he
checked out for a minute went to the
Jeep and had the AC on it happens you
gotta be careful Missy
yeah I think we're about ready to bounce
it's time to bounce
we're decided to dish the bar and come
home and waters look it's actually it's
actually pretty awesome
Oh my car okay turn it off
this is a mess
they even saran wrap my car
my brother it was my brother who did
this and he had help and he filmed it
all on his snapchat I'll put it right
here you guys go to his snapchat watch
it as soon as you can before it
disappears I think it happened around
this time yesterday okay enough of that
check out this look at my pool guys and
this this will be the last time I
actually show the whole process of
everything but the pool is clear you can
see all the way to the bottom perhaps
there's a little bit of haziness left in
there but it's awesome
it's perfectly clear it is ready to swim
so glad that's over
right guys so clearly we've got a mess
to clean and revenge to start planning
for but it's not gonna happen today it's
not gonna happen tomorrow it's gonna
happen when someone least expects it
what's your thoughts on that honey yes
yes so today actually we are gonna do
the eat it or wear it challenge my buddy
John and his family's coming over today
for a cookout and he agreed to be in the
challenge with us partially I think
because John really likes food so it's
gonna be a lot of fun we're gonna swim
in the pool we're gonna hang out we're
gonna do a challenge it's gonna be a
great day so yeah I think that's pretty
much all he's got for you guys today I
want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
