what's up guys welcome to the vlog it is
a beautiful day hope everyone's feeling
fantastic today right now I'm headed
back to the well back to the pool store
actually I got a water sample that they
requested so they can really help me
dial in exactly what I need to do I kind
of missed you yesterday
setting up the sand pump so I'll quickly
show you what I did to get it all
running so if you didn't see the end of
yesterday's video we got the new pump
and I'm pretty excited because this is
gonna this is going to change the game
so I got a sand pump this is the sand
filter itself which will have to do some
work on but basically I'm getting rid of
this old little tiny pump and we're
putting in a much bigger one that should
take care of our filtration needs oh my
gosh look at me I'm sweating through my
shirt it is blazing hot today I tried to
wait as long as I could to come out here
and do this but I just don't like
getting antsy I gotta set this thing up
I have it pretty much ready to go
except for of course I got to hook up my
inlet and my output valve that goes on
this big valve that goes on top but
first I got to put this sand in here and
I think by the instructions you're
supposed to this is a 50-pound bag sand
I'm only supposed to use about 42 pounds
that's kind of weird right so 42 pounds
out of 50 what are you gonna do with the
extra sand I don't know it's like it's
like an eight pack of hotdogs and a six
pack of hot dog buns it doesn't make
sense if I had to give my best guess
that's about 42 pounds 8 pounds leftover
couldn't really film it because well I
had my hands full but now you just put
this valve on and then we're going to
prime it here in a second I'm kind of
nervous so I have the waist line line
hooked up the output line the input line
the pump is primed I've opened up the
valves and this is full of water and
I've heard the water come in through
here and so from what I've read we got
to do a backwash first we're going to do
backwash for like
minute but this is a scary part like I
got to plug this and I'm using I know it
says you're not supposed to but I have
to use an extension cord to start off
with Seth and I will be installing a
GFCI switch buried all you know the
whole nine yards out here tomorrow and
I'm going to build a proper pedestal for
this thing which I'll show you guys that
later but I want to get this water clear
cross your fingers
holy moly
well then wasn't gonna shop that's now
quiet that thing is that is so awesome
so there's a couple of leaking issues
like right here this one's got a little
drip I don't know why though be it's
because I need a better oh ring for that
little coupling right there I don't know
that's got a little leak right here
where the pressure gauges still leaking
even though I put like five layers of
teflon tape oh but I think that's pretty
much it
it is filtering and check this out
you couldn't see this before but you can
actually see the ripple in the water
where the outlet is that's pushing some
power you can actually put your hand
down in there and get it to come up
that's a good flow so yeah I had a lot
of trial and error and watching youtube
videos and reading articles to try and
figure out exactly how the sand pump and
the
filter work but we got it up
everything's good it's got a heck of a
lot more filtration power than what we
were using so that's good but I'm about
to get into this store it's called wet
wild here on 30th Street in Newark and
they're going to show me exactly what
chemicals are what what what things I
need to add to the water to get it
crystal clear again and perfect for your
cones birthday party they so we're at
wet and wild and land I've got this very
sophisticated profile of my pool levels
and I guess all we have to do is shock
it right and then add what is the
stabilizer tomorrow morning laser
tomorrow man and then within 72 hours is
gonna be it should look a lot better
hmm well soaks I thank you so much for
all your help
you have no idea the battle I've gone
through now you talk do you have
coronating tablet a tablet okay start a
regimen three tablets
what's this out decide Alger son shock
and use you use what pool life full life
poop look well you won't have to break
that one whole life is the stuff huh
yeah and then the stabilizer so that's
the other thing that you need okay okay
man she's setting me up as I came in I
can't even take it
Europe you're such a blessing to me
right now I've been working so hard at
this we got the full rundown on how to
get the pool
in a perfect shape pretty excited for
that you know sometimes I always try to
do everything myself figured out myself
but you know what can't be ashamed to
ask the experts you know to me to go out
for that expert advice so I'm glad I got
that basically later tonight I plan to
is right now the pump is run by an
electric cord and you're really not
supposed to do that like an extension
cord so I'm gonna go now to Lowe's I
need to get an outlet receptacle a GFCI
so that it's it's perfectly like safe I
guess we need all this pipe this conduit
right to run our wire through
underground will come out the garage
right with a 90 degree angle go under
the ground 90 degree out to the pool and
then up a post where we'll have this box
mounted to a post this switch inside it
and this cover that goes over it's
weatherproof and some hole straps these
are straps to keep the pipe to the post
I think we got what we need that
actually took way longer than I just
explained it look you guys I'm such a
simple man I love my Honda Civic look at
this newer Honda Civics right here I
want one of those so bad I would look
sharp
right not a white one maybe a black one
black it's a good-looking car love my
current on the sitting to be sad to see
it go but I feel like it's really time
for a new one
hmm hey guys person I came to Kroger we
are going to do a challenge tonight so
you need to get some food items for the
said challenge we're weaving what we can
get I think we should start wearing
hearing this baby food
Oh Cho let's see so I've got some stuff
in the car we have stuff for cookout
stuff for dinner tonight too
but I've got some stuff hmm in here but
I'm finally getting to like the juicy
stuff the liquid stuff like what is the
most disgusting salad dressing
okay what's a really bad salad dressing
Thousand Island yeah that's not very
good when I'm on this zesty lime um
Greek vinaigrette
creamy poppyseed my gay a nasty dressing
I think we're done here we've got a
bunch of random stuff paper play and yes
we have stuff for a cookout tonight too
or just got some chicken and chips and
mac and cheese but I do have to get some
of these the brown paper bags so we can
put all the ingredients in them and so
no knows what they are personally I'm
gonna put the card away for me yeah me
and my wallet out of there
put it away good job honey oh did you
just tell youtell that happened did it
is it broken
did I scare you no no no I was just
sitting indian-style for the fat we just
did the female live look um
let's see our living room just began
it's insane um yeah my knees are like
out from sitting indian-style hate
sandanista alright but look so basically
Veronica just went to the store and got
all this stuff we're going to save that
that's not it you know where I'll eat
that thing all this crazy stuff for the
eat it or wear it challenge I mean yeah
so basically we're about to get all set
up for that and about to get dirty
due to the heat level we decide to
postpone the challenge until later we'll
shoot it inside the garage but right now
since the sun's off the pool I'm gonna
shock it and then that should be the
last step before tomorrow I have to add
the stabilizer in the morning and then
within 1/2 days it should be getting
clear right now look you can see it's
kind of cloudy still and that's only
like 4 inches down so I'm going to shock
it now since the sun's off the pool
of course I'll pour this all over and
then take my little my little net thing
and swish it all around I'll tell you
what I can't wait until this thing is
finally finally perfect take notes on my
mistakes guys but Steph can't come
tonight I'm bummed we were gonna we were
going to rope him into doing the
challenge with us but looks like it's
gonna be us only
yeah Gabi in Emma they're coming to my
house to babysit for me tomorrow we've
got a little shindig we roll into
tomorrow in support of baby Carter
that's Lindsey's nephew and that we told
you guys about that needs lots of
prayers and everything right now so yeah
we're going to a little shindig form
tomorrow so they're going me babysit for
me yeah yeah Veronica comes home and
says the cameras on the counter I've
logged a clip hi it's 12:30 a.m.
thirty-six
thank you for the credit chief yeah be
still rocking down Emma sleeping with
her feet in the air
kind of strange but still totally cool
we're not forgetting Dallas bass on the
couch but that cave man look at him he's
like we're up my belly rub my belly and
then there's Veronica she says I'm good
I'm gonna vlog for you while I go how
but now you're gonna get the tickles get
go get her
it's alright honey nah it's okay we all
still love you echo still loves you I
still love you they
- love you wait what's that
just put her telling you bro his mouth
that's it you're gonna brush your teeth
anyway look at my living room it's a
complete and total disaster from fan
mail earlier I thought we picked up all
these peanuts what the heck happened the
tornado came back mm-hmm
tornado huh anyway guys you know what
it's the perfect time to start up you
know that's right coffee coffee coffee
coffee coffee good morning hi why don't
you tell them what we're doing today and
then today we're going to on a poker run
for baby Carter so basically a poker run
is a group of guys girls anyone
interested in supporting the cause it's
you you technically this poker run is a
bar hop and we're riding from bar to bar
and support for the cause which is the
foundation are they doing the fish
foundation no I think this is for
Harvard directly for the family okay
yeah so all the funds received through
this fundraiser goes directly to the
family and I think that's pretty cool so
unfortunately Veronica's going to do
that without me I have to stay here and
wait for Seth Seth and I are going to
install a ground circuit outlet and then
I'm gonna go and meet up with them I
mean we're talking about an all-day
thank you give her like love Emma and
Gabi watching the babies amber's bump is
in the house what up amber
Pfizer's having breakfast what is that
what is that what is this cabbage oh
cool
I'll admit already came out here and put
the stabilizer in and skimmed the top
for like there was a ton and I mean a
ton of mosquitoes or other flying
insects in the pool and it's not
perfectly clear yet but you probably
can't even tell I can see the bottom of
the ladder and that is an improvement so
it's not fully perfectly clear yet but
it's working so I can see some of the
debris down there once I can see the
bottom when I have to vacuum because
there was algae that started to grow and
then it's just it's a process oh my yeah
that guys is where I'm gonna leave
before today a nice hot day again today
we're going to be installing a outlet
out here for that palm stuff will be
here in a little while and yeah then
we're gonna go have some fun celebrate a
great cause and probably get a little a
little adulty mat alright guys so that's
what we're gonna leave for today I want
to say thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
