you are live hey guys welcome to the a
special livestream fan mail video we
only got a couple packages but uh you
know that's not gonna stop us because
one of them is from my buddy bill Taylor
and bill if you're watching or not if
you're watching live I caught your
comment you were like you've got to open
this now so I decided all right let's do
it
what's up guys welcome welcome welcome
everyone in the chat you guys could
probably see that in the side make sure
this knife is closed
what up Mary Claire from Columbus shout
out to everyone in the chat you guys it
is a simulcast live stream so there is a
there is a chat audience at the same
time so Morgan I see you What's Up
Morgan how you doing the money Jaden why
mo Madeleine Toby Akira Axl Jionni
what's up guys welcome to livestream no
Joey Sophie Janoskians our amazing
how to do hey there's a general right
there how's the new Xbox that's your
question
alright so let's get started with the
first package you guys this is a fan
mail video so first package we have is
from will a que Bill Taylor I believe it
says from Maryland I already blacked it
out so you guys couldn't see it no
creepers in here okay everyone stand
back daddy's got a knife safety knife
safety all right check it out oh my gosh
I've always bill I've always wanted pink
peanuts I love it thank you so much all
right let's see where's the yellow box
ladies and gentlemen that's a yellow box
it's a very fancy looking yellow box and
it has the word Invicta what is victim
we're gonna all fuse together you guys
go look at the screen okay this is the
first one okay this is the first one
everyone gets the first look trick you
yeah I already know what it is is that
ready
I know I know you guys are dying to see
what's inside there right but I mean how
how how cool would it be just to show
you after that I mean we gotta give some
light I'm gonna build it up everyone
says what's in the box right can
everyone hear me okay geez I don't watch
Randy it's a watch
dude that'd be cool I'm gonna be
straight honest with you guys that's
probably the coolest ones I've ever seen
in my life like the inside look at that
just look at it oh there's a look at
that watch my absolute goodness what is
this gap bitch let's see what the sorry
took so long I know you responded to my
comment on your page a couple weeks ago
it took me time to figure out which one
I was sending you know what I hope you
enjoy this one it's out of my private
collection hope to see you wearing on
your vlogs your friend and glad here for
life Bill Taylor bill holy cow that
watch is something else you guys so okay
so it's an Invicta reserve venom leather
band beautifully crafted watch look at
that thing it's like a I don't know what
it's like it's like nothing I've ever
seen before
just put it on put it on and see how
have you dude
Oh Morgan yes Morgan got halo you guys
you guys want to rock out on halo later
tonight we will be still doing a live
stream on Twitch just let you guys know
let's see it's gonna be kinda late in
the evening though because well we've
got a lot of stuff to do guys
look at that watch Liza was insane bill
I can't even describe thank you so much
what well the current time agreed 10
past 5:00 3:00 4:00 a.m. oh my goodness
Jack W welcome to the stream though I
missed you oh my gosh what's hey let's
try and let not let the dogs give this
stuff oh my god my goodness we go I
think bear with me guys we got paint
peanuts literally in my ear you guys
just to give you a heads up here in just
a little while after it after we look at
Eliza after we do this lot family alive
right we are gonna be filming a new
challenge video we are doing
drumroll drummer sorry we are doing to
eat it or wear it challenge in just a
little bit it's gonna be very very fun
okay let's see here we've got up to
mommy Eliza you have another box and I
probably can fit it in the screen look
at this that's a big giant box right
there
so I guess what we'll have to do is open
it right beside me and we'll pull out
whatever is inside okay you guys ready
and when you spam the chat
hashtag what's in the box okay I have no
idea
oh he likes what - Jenna thanks
for the 50 likes I appreciate that thank
you guys
there it is what's in the box you guys
listening I love it alright so this is
from Amy is it Fugit or huge it's
Fugit I left missing with words it's
funny no Amy thank you so much for in
advance for this amazingly large care
package who doesn't love these things I
know this is their lives all right check
it out
that kid Pete thanks for the likes
brother oh look at that
this one says hi I belong to be Lanza ok
give their ears a break these poor
people I'm so sorry good it happens the
kids understand bethany what's that
welcome to the stream we missed you girl
this says the one the only shout-out to
you guys in the chat thank you for
coming to the live stream much love each
and every single one of you take your
time out of your day to hang out with us
I know we didn't upload a vlog today and
so we are making up for that with my
life
now with you guys all that jazz oh yes
another is laughing so hard when you
said my I know I didn't know what to say
at first kids then they're gonna ask
questions okay
top you now supporter Jacqueline is a
Jacqueline to read grounds I know what
that means but welcome Jacqueline what's
wrong with this dude
Oh MLG Mellon in the house you guys say
what's up to Norman oh you guys almost
forgot so I bail let's see it what bail
what is your bail 96 underscore morg
that's Morgan Belt you guys everyone do
me a big huge favor and wish her a happy
birthday today Morgan is a huge
supporter of the vlogs and literally
everything we do so happy birthday to
you Morgan I hope you have the best
night ever
shout out to bud man in the house what's
up guys are you done playing yeah he's
actually biting me
oh my gosh oh don't bite me that
Christians birthday's on September 1st
we're here you're almost there dude
27:22 20-some days lucky well if we go
what if it's a prank and she put like
full-on itch cream inside there that kid
Pete thanks for the 50 likes bro I
appreciate the thumbs ups Liam I get it
okay I'll call Roman Atwood you want me
to call Roman out I'll call Roman Atwood
not right now though that does smell
super good thanks Amy for this
ridiculously awesome care package so
cool alright this one's for me if this
says chase Keith what up much love to
the Pratt family
ally I'm it with the 1,000 bars thank
you so so much for the bars in case you
guys didn't know bars are your way to
move up the ranks to that number one fan
spot which Ally took the top spot with
2000 bars there here you are the key no
freakin way
hold on I'm gonna read you the note
first and then show you what you got me
I've actually wanted one of these for
quite a while but just have never gotten
around to getting one so let me read you
the note Amy I'm sorry if this isn't
meant to be on the note or in the
the video chase the man the legend seen
this and I looks like chase needs it ah
funny story when I bought it in the
store a woman says she got one for her
husband but she said she hid it in his
wallet so she could track him I was like
wow just wow she said she he still
doesn't know it that is hilarious that
is so funny
ok so basically this is super cool and I
can't wait to actually set it up and
show you guys all in the vlog now it
works but she got me a tile right you
can put these things literally on
anything like a keychain you could
attach it to like she said you put in a
wallet you could attach it to your phone
if you lose it you can track its
location online I have a tan thanks for
the hundred bars thank you so much
these are actually super super cool you
know what we should put it on I can tell
you one thing I know right now what
we're gonna put it on the freakin remote
to our fan in the bedroom we can't turn
the light or the fan is stuck on speed
too we can't turn the light on or change
the fan settings but the remotes gone
and there's no pole courts so like this
would have come in handy to put on that
remote that's awesome thanks so much the
tile how do you get bars I'm not exactly
sure but right below the chat I think if
you click I think if you click the
little present I'm not sure all right
there if you click the president right
above it says get bars I won't have jack
I won't have an Amazon page just as an
affiliate like I can share links to
things that I buy that you can find on
Amazon general thank you for the likes
dude much appreciated I've tempted
another 100 bars thank you for the love
we appreciate you let's move forward
there's still actually a lot of stuff in
this box here we go
Alys number one nice number one year I
remember see new tweet if you're
watching I may be planting project may
be planting project that's awesome stuff
Dingle Nutter is my gamertag X oh dude
join the stream later we'll definitely
throw you in for sure this is this is
seriously innovative I've never really
seen anything like that before
Fito B Sam Lou thanks for the 500 bars
Sam we appreciate you so much thanks for
the love we should actually do that
tomorrow that's kind of cool
it says guaranteed to grow guaranteed to
grow and this whole thing it's like look
cardboard something it's biodegradable
so you planned this whole thing right
and just disintegrates in the ground
that's awesome
yeah okay so we want to make sure that
Amy can see that dog is so it's like Dee
cook 500 bars dude last name like three
o'clock in the morning
angel literally just roaming around the
kitchen bumping into the walls and stuff
I think she ate some of that asset I
guys okay let's see what else we got in
here hello from Egypt thinks it's mal
Egypt that's what bring it in let's see
let's see let's see look that was the no
donor to zombie killer Carson yes sir
the whole game of this yeah absolutely
so that's a perfect hit
thank you Amy what do you guys think
Carson Colin actually the note says to
master Colin it's alright this is
probably in the mail for a while before
they even knew that we got the wet head
so thank you Amy we do appreciate this
perhaps maybe since we already have one
we can do a giveaway for the wet head
that sounded like an appropriate thing
to do this game is actually really
really fun if you haven't played it
before basically it's a little helmet
right that has all these little sticks
in it and you fill the top with water
and you just spin it and you keep
pulling pulling pulling until one of
them dumps the whole load of water on
your head so it's a really really fun
summer game I like it I think it's fine
I thought it was once before
you guys only have a couple of those
okay no it's okay we should save these
because they're quite long and this will
be nice to keep just for us it looks
like a heartfelt story that I really
want
ami I want to say first of all thank you
so much for all the awesome stuff you
guys don't have to send stuff like this
but when it comes and the kids really
really enjoy it they really really do so
thank you guys so much if you're
interested in sending fan mail I will
say this I want to do a fan mail live
video where we try different sweets and
candies from all around the world so if
any of you from all around the world
Egypt Japan UK wherever if you want to
send candy the the PIO Box address is in
the description of all of the vlogs I
really come on yeah it must be a sealed
package please I would hate for you to
send something that you packed in like a
ziplock bag and we don't use it you got
to think about safety people yeah keep
in mind if you're gonna send chocolate
it is like 90 degrees here so it's uh
it'll probably come to us as you shout
out Taylor no riding Veronica they want
to see Veronica dab dab it up oh they
want to see Veronica do the next string
you got one I don't think you do I'll
tell you
I have the most solid idea but you'll
never know oh my gosh so many stickers
all right listen
Veronica you got a DAB you want to see
you Dam it up that was a proper dad all
right so listen that's gonna wrap up the
fan mail live video thank you guys for
tuning in thank you guys for the legs
thank you guys for the bars from the
love and the support every single day on
our family our life this is what we do
thank you to Amy for the awesome gifts
thank you to Bill for this incredibly
amazing watch I don't even feel like I
want to wear I want to put it on a shelf
and like just admire it potatoes real
quick mom is doing really good thing for
asking mom's doing way better well
you're watching on YouTube
okay okay okay don't eat me
all right so guys that wraps up today's
livestream fan mail video live get
together hang out virtual set D cook
with another thousand bars to wrap it up
thank you so much dude D cooks now the
number one fan
knives dude very honored thank you so
much for all love we are going to take a
short break and then we're gonna go
outside and film but eat it or wear it
challenge that will be posted tomorrow
so you guys make sure you look out for
that if you liked this video and you're
watching on YouTube definitely do us a
solid hit that thumbs up button if you
want more fan mail videos and yeah I
think that's all we got for you on this
one
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
that's not how try you see now you'd be
watching that little part where it goes
down in the corner but this is the
outside this is how the outside works
there's no music
you see us Randall until it finally ends
ha ha
