remember the belly bros good morning
guys we are starting our morning here
with couple extra kiddos Blaise and
Blaine we're having some haze as
requested I could not eat how is house
breakfast guys good good yeah how's
breakfast little Liza so yummy
she's just fascinating fascinated by all
the boys giggling we had a little mishap
the kids are trying to clean up their
plates I was unloading the dishwasher
trying to get this load of dishes in and
a stack of plates fell in the plate
broke like cleaning up raw egg off the
floor is not fun
hold on baby and they were dippy eggs so
the yolk of the egg was still runny so
I've seen on like Pinterest and stuff
where you can put like flour on the raw
egg and it just wipes right up see if it
actually works
I'd say yes
it does absorb all the yucky sticky and
this makes it crumbly so you can sweep
it up whysa did you make this mess
oh did you make this mess yeah are you
gonna play the Xbox hmm yeah
Mizar you cute ah I'm Q me would you bow
go you don't have a bow in your hair do
you uh yeah he does the bow make you
cute yeah does the bow make you cute
okay you cute
mm-hm hey TV that's a TV
she raised its arts crafts time they're
all drawn some pictures and yeah look
who decided to grace us with his
presence since Cameron and we've missed
you
he's been secluding himself in his own
house maybe lies are you doing arts and
crafts too good job
I can tell what time it is Liza
mark there's never time come night my
mommy hmm so since I live baby lies it
down for her nap I had to kick all boys
outside so they're not running and
screaming in there and waking her up so
we took him out to the ball hey that's
right no verbal angel is obsessed with
the cats
she always chases on trying to train her
it's not that she's mean she just likes
to play with them no no no geek at angel
no key get no long key cats echo knows
better she's a good girl
yes the boys are upstairs playing
they're building forts and stuff like
that they're done with the pole for now
so Eliza and I are gonna kill some time
by getting in the pole would you look
who's home I'm back guys from a day of
taking after my grandpa took him to the
doctor Oh careful oh jeez oh you can't
breathe in the water for Mamie
she's super angry no kid wants to get
out of a pool ever it's like burning her
nose she I know it's growing algae and
it's all because that pump can't keep up
with it and the new one doesn't come for
another week all right it only allowed
what - it only allowed standard delivery
go girl Monica's gonna circulate the
water so I can afford this and report
some of this algae guard stuff in there
keep going yeah we want some really
really strong current in there get that
stuff moving whoa be careful so I took
grandpa to the doctor earlier and it was
actually really nice because the last
time I took my grandpa to the doctor the
dude was so mean and it really drove me
up the wall how they treated my grandpa
hated it I think I was in the vlog no we
got put stuff in there baby
today's doctor was so sweet and nice I
actually had to pull her aside after she
got done with the visit and say listen
you know I really appreciate your
professionalism and your compassion I
really said thank you for being so nice
and sweet to my grandpa
I know it's hard like he's
hard-of-hearing he'll ask him a question
and he doesn't answer it says something
completely different so it's really nice
to see a doctor who's actually you know
gives a care about the patient so super
nice
I think that's a good enough I think
that's good well you keep going as long
as you want
fast forward to dinner look at this
biscuits mashed potatoes chicken noodles
Oh custom watch how is simple I don't do
this like a normal person watch I take
my biscuits in our butter room put them
in the bottom mashed potatoes on top of
that and then I put my chicken noodles
right on top so good
guys I'm about to do something I haven't
done for a very very long time we have
as you know one washer and one dryer but
in a household with this many people you
accumulate a fair amount of dirty
laundry if you get behind I'm about to
take one two three eight four five six
baskets of dirty laundry to a laundromat
and get it all done boom just like that
it's gotta be done it's got to my lord
that's a lot of laundry dude no worries
we are about to conquer this bro Caleb's
going with me not sure exactly why but
you always need a buddy when you're
going to the laundromat let's do this
we're practically the only ones here
let's get it started
I got some quarters let's do some
laundry
I'm telling you what that's how your
boss mode laundry right there give me
some
nice work let me tell you some washing
and drying six loads pretty simple
folding all this laundry four hours
later
oh are you like straight-up bored out of
your job
it's 12 let's hit this home that was
torture so what happened was I backed
the Jeep up to unload all the stuff and
I go inside to ask for help and Bronchos
passed out on the couch I sit down
beside her get a little sleepy and the
rest is history so it's more good
beautiful morning it's hot one two whoo
so check this out very very pleasant
surprise this morning the UPS guy showed
up at like 8 9 o'clock which is very
unusual and he brought what was supposed
to be another week the same pump is here
I'm super excited to get this thing set
up and it's just in time too because the
water is starting to get a little cloudy
in the pool so I'm gonna need anyone who
has one of these to help me put it in
the comments tell me what I need to do
I'm going to edit this vlog and post it
before I start messing with this of
course I have to go get I think
somewhere around 20 maybe 20 pounds of
the sand the silicon sand and maybe some
stronger hoses so if you guys or any of
you guys your parents have one of these
like sand pumps please refer me to an
article or whatever I'll try and do some
of my own research but could definitely
use some help getting this thing set up
and figure out how it all works that
should give you an indication as to how
cloudy it is you can't even see the
bottom of the louder ladder
hmm I'll tell you what one of the
hardest things I've ever had to like
figure out is pool chemicals of pool
balance man it's it's tricky I need like
a book or something but uh that's the
shorthand for today it's getting that
sand pump this this pump is supposed to
circulate half the volume of this pool I
think it's a twenty five hundred gallon
per hour so it should take around two
hours to fully see
circulate the entire volume of this pool
which i think is powerful I think that's
that's good so the more circulation the
better filtration hopefully we can get
this pool perfectly inline just in time
for Colin's birthday party as you guys
know Colin's birthday is on August 15th
so we are going to get ready for his
pool party I got to run to my mom's and
get a sander so I can clear out this in
the kids got the sand all over the place
got to clear out that sand get the sand
box finish to get the pool ready and
start figuring out exactly what we're
going to do for Colin's birthday so yeah
guys I need to work on getting all that
laundry I folded put away and the
numerous things I just mentioned to get
finished for today so thank you guys so
much for watching if you made it to the
end of today's vlog
be sure to leave a thumbs up thanks so
much for watching we can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here
