hey guys welcome to the day today is my
birthday and I'm right where I want to
be Liza
on the beach with all my family friends
most of my family prints
I said chase in town to get some
supplies and stuff for the day
that is right my friends we are here in
town looking for something for Franck
for a birthday by we I mean me and J
don't know you know what do you get a
girl who has everything she has these
one specific charms that she likes to
get for her Pandora bracelet and we kind
of always do that anyways while we're
here at the beach sort of like little
mementos little little I don't know it's
a girl thing you know I like girls like
that kind of stuff I'm gonna do my best
to try and go in here to the cotton gin
which is where you could find that stuff
and get her some like Pandora charms
little things look at all those
different charms holy cow my biggest
worry right now is I'm not exactly sure
she has the one or ones that I wanted to
get her if I get it the same one she
goes I already got that one
a couple seconds later we found the
perfect set you think how'd I do what
you said on my glasses oh we're good you
know it's very interesting we lucked out
on a pretty decent day today it was
supposed to rain like it's supposed to
rain all day long I wake up in his life
sunny rhombus so Veronica was like no
we're not going in town I'm going to the
beach and blame her she said when we got
here she wanted to only stay on the
beach for her birthday and that girl
just loves the sand she loves the ocean
so you give a girl what she wants
see she wants to make this special
tapered treat for tonight we need hot
velocity oh this this is my camera my
camera it's fun this is you don't sell
these here I need that I need that see
we got up early this morning I did have
a cup of coffee but I don't feel like I
had enough just gotta get it cooled down
with some of that and look at this I
mean there's a couple of clouds up there
but it's it's not gonna rain
it's Veronica's birthday Jay where'd you
go Jake it's Veronica's birthday dude
it's not gonna rain no Sonia Paul did
that's where you got to keep saying
everything's gonna work out it's gonna
be alright have a little bit of faith
these clouds
they're just they're just helping to
keep them from getting to to sunburn
that's it I got a little
somethin'-somethin for Veronica's
birthday I did good now it's time to go
enjoy the beach I don't know they're
having fun so the oceans will wore off
today so we decided to bring the kids
back they swam in the pool baby Liza was
ready for a nap
so she's down taking a nap and I'm
taking that right here
okay so I didn't see them at the beach
there's only one other place that could
be
is it pouring how's that tan coming
honey
you're gonna your birthday tan on yeah
we look fantastic I found something for
you yes I got some for you but you're
just going to wait for it here's an
issue I'm in charge dinner tonight and
you know we're drilling we're grilling
steaks but there's still food Oh hidden
Lord guess what Cathy got for you
you know I ran into them in town honey
yeah your dad was all up all up in the
gift shops
it's breakable your birthday Queen honey
mom I'm upstairs and ginger she shows up
with a nice little cute I wonder are you
kidding me Isis birthday princess and
the crown line all right time to throw
down on the grill I just thought this is
super funny had to share some people got
different like cuts of steak most of us
covered up I'm gonna take probably
they'll take a while yeah but look this
is the funny part
I made nametags I mean name flags whole
tray of steaks
we're gonna haul that stick master Gil
it's right in there you did on the grill
it's been beautiful today we can see the
storms like going past us but it hasn't
hit us until now look you can kind of
see the winds starting to blow and you
hear the thunder let me go down here
it's starting to rain a little bit
dreamy
yucky but hey it's dinner time and I've
had a good birthday so far nice weather
as my birthday request dinner mistake
and hanging out the house it's boring
like like you've never seen before
I'm still out here drilling man
this this there's a girl the girl there
changed to the frickin wall we can't
move on in it boring
dinner check everyone loved his stick
was great tradition now is that we have
cake and ice cream David and Jamie's son
Logan it's also his birthday too and
they always get into a cake crap no one
has said anything to the other about I'm
going to get you but all parties
involved
oh boy we got a small fashion show down
here
oh they're all in there all in oh boy
yeah everyone give my head well honey
how was your birthday it was wonderful
yeah that was a wonderful cake fight you
had yeah pretty much after cake fight it
was just like a a chill night actually
we had a phone
look father yeah hey bring the ring I
hope you had the best day ever
I did grill meat in the Porter Ranch so
alright my friends that's where we're
gonna leave before today we've got only
a couple more days left here so we're
gonna make the most of it thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here
