what's up guys good morning to you
welcome to the vlog we are starting here
at a place called guitar guys Colin
starts drum lessons today which is kind
of cool are you excited for that yeah
it's pretty pretty exciting let's go in
here and check out what we gonna get
which one would be here
what guitar you picked out look at this
a roomful of guitar as a soup smells
like music oh yeah violins are up there
yeah look this is Martin Martin's are
some of the best made acoustic guitars
there are just for a little one thing is
that the one you get yeah here's the
holy lean like a plastic tip would be
good for you to learn on look at me
Colin listen if you get good enough at
drums okay one of these drum sets could
be yours well just for the basic sign
make your knees no that's not basic
that's heavily advanced alright so this
is a drum practice pad I'm calling
you're gonna be using your sticks in
your using a real drum for drum practice
but this is good to practice on at home
yeah you feel like you said
let's go there is you're welcome
you're all set man ready for your first
drum lesson I hope you do well bud I got
faith in you I've been hearing a lot
about sand filters sand pumps for the
pool
I feel like ours isn't gonna cut it and
the advantage of having a sand pump for
the pool would be less use of chemicals
which I'm a big fan of that too where do
you think mommy is that we saw mommy's
Jeep here she's inside Walmart somewhere
we're gonna find it
back to school are you guys ready to go
back to school oh you are I thought for
sure you would say no way I'm having too
much fun this summer did you have a lot
of fun this summer oh yeah well we
stopped one more adventure to take
before the summer's over completely
we're going to the beach that's right
we failed she's spotted us what are you
girls doing oh ho you got to another but
we're gonna be late if we go so do you
wanna drop calling off it
we can like hustle and give you the
quesadilla stuff like super quick I
can't we can do that yeah look good
alright grab the milk we're doing this
quick
myself a Gilroy shop
we gotta get eggs oh that was correct
well lick the brown ones like the brown
ones
it's official swap out the official
Guapo love you our Jeep is full of junk
lyza you need to clean out the Jeep low
mess so we had to split up that's
effective parenting right there we had
to split up I got the groceries and the
baby and we're gonna have to go meet
back up with Veronica take her the cash
to give to the kid for the drum lessons
and then we can go and check on our pool
pill filter pump deal
oh that's awesome so Colin you did
really really well actually for a very
first drum lesson ever
I'm telling you you're gonna be a
drummer here's the deal five solid drum
beats on the set I'll get you your own
drum set okay you're gonna have to learn
them solid not mean like solid but
that's about on we're moving we got to
go now to find this pool pump sand
filter deal honestly I'm not even sure
why we waste our time driving around
anymore when we have when we have the
most amazing tool on on planet earth and
that is Amazon like literally I walk
into this other pool place and I'm going
to show it I say hey I'm looking for a
sand pump but she's like we don't have
them don't waste your time guys if you
need something that you don't know where
to find local just order it man it's so
easy to just hop on Amazon and order it
and mail we got two two boxes one very
large box and one smaller box yes oh
that's special so Veronica got each of
the dogs a new people and a big giant
water bowl that kind of stinks though
because I've wanted to do like you see
that metal bowl I wanted to get four
metal bowls like that and then create a
how-to on how to build like one of those
pedestal food I can just too big to big
ones like that on each side are you sure
yeah she's making the case of Dillards
should we show you guys you guys want to
learn how to make a case it is I think
they will learn how to make a case yes
that's the chicken boils for the
quesadillas I'm gonna shred it up once
it's done I'm gonna go ahead and prep
the jalapeno and the onion hello Pinos
optional chopping those up real fine oh
yeah I think it's safe to say Liza's
ready get up
boom I see you
where's Eliza Eliza where'd you go
Liza Liza thank you
okay guys back to the cases he is you
guys can screenshot that right there
about the chicken boiled and I strained
it strain all the water off of it and
then you put it back in your pan and
this is the easiest way to shred chicken
hold the camera instantly shredded
chicken I'm gonna tell you what my golly
that's cheating right there never seen
it before I believe I believe you where
you just said right then I believe every
word about the chicken you want to put
it in like a frying pan or yeah a frying
pan big saucepan whatever it's called
I'm actually making a double batch
because we've got to feed all of us and
amber and all her kids and everyone's
coming so I'm making a double batch and
then you just add your salsa and green
onions and seasonings to this and heat
it till it's warm and then we'll put it
in our shells
oh my god is hot salsa ah you got a hot
salsa wow that's hot you might want to
skip out on those how peeps I'm tell you
what cuz otherwise we're all gonna have
a session in the bathroom later and I
don't want any of that chicken salsa
green onions salt cumin and alright you
know you're just gonna mix all this up
real good okay so now that that's all
warmed up
go ahead make the kids first they just
want the chicken and cheese in theirs
and they don't do all the spices and all
that and you're just gonna marry lightly
paint some butter I guess you could use
oil that side down kids you just and
your chicken and then fold it over
spread it all around and then top it
with cheese and fold it over and that's
how you make the world's most bomb
quesadilla yep hmm here's what they look
like when they come out of the oven you
want the edges just slightly golden
brown make some crispy ready to eat you
can serve with sour cream and guacamole
more salsa taco sauce whatever your
heart desires you better now go get you
I'm just spending some daddy lies a
timeout here on the trampoline whoa you
fall down I see you your belly
it's slumber party night yeah it's it's
Jurassic world time that's actually
quarter to 11 yeah have fun good night
sleep tight don't make too much noise my
buddy Scott had to bring his kids over
because it's it's good my god
so basically Scott's wife Lindsey her
sister has a child his name's Carter and
when he was born shortly after his born
E I was diagnosed with a brain tumor and
so after a long road of struggling
surgeries and procedures and therapies
and two years later at this point now
basically the doctors have nothing left
for him and he's already been called
into Hospice and so basically that means
the end of the road and all their
families over gathered and you know
doing what families do
we've got their kids tonight and I guess
I could just call on you guys again for
prayers to Roxane and J and young Carter
man and not to mention their other
daughter Kyra it's a tough time for them
and it sucks it sucks so bad so I mean
that guys is where I'm gonna call it for
today basically I have to get up early
and take my grandpa to the doctor's mom
usually does that stuff but she just had
a long surgery so I'm taking care of all
that for her with that thank you guys so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
