guys it's gonna be a good day today you
know why because I just pulled into my
mom's house for those of you who don't
know she recently had surgery because
they thought she had a cancerous lump on
her lung and after the surgery from what
I believed to be somewhat of a miracle
they told her that it wasn't cancer so
my mom's out of the hospital and we're
getting ready Gus here right now Oh
where you at mommy there she is
there's my mama
welcome home love and it is her official
birthday yeah you know we had a
celebration last weekend because we
thought she'd still be in hospital
but it's not true she's here how are you
feeling on a scale of one to total Shh
oh yeah well I'm so happy to see you
home and a lot of these guys right here
pretty stoked to see you home too thanks
guys
so look this is how they this is how
they did the surgery there's only a
couple of spots on her side one two
three that's how they completed the
whole entire surgery can you believe
that that's insane
the big one back here is where she had
chest tubes in what miracles look like
right here guys Ritter grandma and year
that's domestic abuse no I can do up
providing the grandma
come here she's raging right now grandma
would you bring show everyone what you
got that's nice
do you know what it is let's see what
Colin's got what do you got there are
you a ninja yeah he's a ninja can't you
see the sword Shh yeah you think she's
gonna love it she's gonna love it
come on let's go give it to her look
what they brought you mom oh yeah those
are for you
that one we don't know what that is but
it's super cool cuz it hangs in there
yeah that one don't know what that one
is either but it looks wicked awesome so
it's super chill day here my mom's home
look Amanda what you drinkin manda I am
doing orange soda
what's it like to have your queen back
home finally back in her castle oh my
gosh
huh look at that that's the ocean I'm so
pumped you guys we last night we paid
for vacation and for those of you are
new we every year we go to the Outer
Banks and we rent like a big conduct at
this huge house
awesome houses out right on the beach or
semi beach front and I would take all
the family that's a good time are you
ready good Beach yes you are
she dude everyone loves the beach so
much look mom amber Annika all have
these tattoos on their feet into the sea
that's how it is I green love I think we
should just move mom can we just move to
the ocean she says yes you're in hungry
I am loading up get some baked beans a
new musical fruit more you eat the more
you - oh yeah we've had dinner and last
night
I came up with this idea for a
transition you guys know like a lot of
you guys seem to really appreciate the
night to morning transitions that I pull
off on a periodic basis but I had an
idea I want to make a transition where
it goes from camera to drone back to
camera and we're gonna try it right now
all right guys I'm gonna throw you up
super super high ready
Oh
Oh that was sick
Wow Tommy got a new puppy come here you
know come here
Gus Gus hey look at him with his little
handkerchief
oh my goodness you just keep moving
look at you look at your eyes
Oh puppy dog what'd you name him Gus Gus
hey Gus hey Gus
I don't know I don't know if you did I
know you're thinking right one more dog
at my mom's house we gotta go home mom
it's late you need your rest
you look like a million bucks what's it
like having so many people that love you
come see you soon tomorrow
why not I'll come see you tomorrow okay
you'll be here wow that's so you trying
to scare me you ain't getting past me
old boy are you trying to are you trying
to prank me
1:55 look 1:55 in the morning I just
finished editing the vlog from yesterday
and fell asleep on the couch well is
uploading I'm so tired but it's a good
time to go right - that's right you know
it's coffee I'm look I'm wrecking the
little cup today because well my big
ones dirty we Liza what up Dallas
brother who sneaks in late at night
we've all got one that's a good girl
yes my breathing now you see yourself
mom said I could have a cupcake in a
cupcake Zuri wants a cupcake for
breakfast no son you can't have cupcakes
for breakfast every kid's dream that
does look kind of weird isn't it
you wanna Corn Pops and who doesn't like
corn pops know what nobody should not
like that's right Corn Pops is like one
of my favorite cereals and as quickly
became the kids favorite cereal but I
don't know you guys into cereal as we
are because we love our cereal I know I
think I'm gonna vlog a while back called
cereal I'm a serial killer and a lot of
you guys like you should check out
shonduras because Sean dearest watches
or eats a lot of cereal and so from that
point forward I subscribe to founders
yeah come on
I don't think Eliza's fully seen oh I
loved him
I don't think Eliza has seen her sandbox
yet let's show it to her hold on hold on
I'll be right back but daddy made you
aah
what is this yeah you can stay here I'm
playing on your sand today's gonna
finish it though so you don't get
splinters on your butt you need to go
get a sander and a router so I can round
off all these look at that that would be
awful
so I got sand and rout off all this
rough stuff I think what we'll do is
we'll probably just sand it stain it and
then polyurethane it so that it's a
little bit weather resistant do you like
it you like it princess
look the pencils close it like this look
now it's closed what are you gonna do
what yeah he's that cool I think that's
super super cool you guys should
definitely if you've got kids or or you
know someone who has kids and you want
to build something for you for them this
is actually very very easy to do check
out the video it shows you exactly what
you need and how to build this okay guys
so I think that's where we're gonna call
it for today I want to say thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us
every day truly is a blessing to have
you I'm gonna get ready to get this
thing prepped for finish go get a sander
and some stains to polyurethane and get
this thing looking nice and filled with
sand so guys thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here too
