hey guys welcome to the vlog its DIY day
at my house
sup Maddie what okay okay Owen Wilson
what up amber and look we got Brian
Brian how you feeling yeah will you tell
everyone exactly what happened because
everyone's curious baby
poor guy yeah so a kidney stone just
imagine in your kidneys a little stunt
was pencil led they said even though
that's pretty small imagine that rooting
through your internal organs until it
reaches your bladder and then you got to
pee it out I promised Eliza
because of all the extra sand we got we
would build her a sandbox oh I'm I'm
already started with the video I've been
to Lowe's and everything and we're just
hanging out you know talking with Brian
Kathy we're about to get to this and
amber is actually getting ready to go to
the store where you gonna get me amber
we're gonna get us adult beverages is
that is that kind of night okay
you can already expect what tonight's
gonna be like so I made my way over to
moms and we are making I guess our
weekend our weekend the ritual our
signature drink yucca me adult lemonade
but look look at this we used to have to
like hand squeeze all the lemons and
there's always the seeds in there mom
wouldn't got this fancy lemon juicer
love it love it
Thank You J for the awesome lemon juicer
mom are you ready for you amantha around
the taught me we're just passing this
drink down guess who's here let me see
all those houses this is so dark no I
understand where you're going this and
that is yes vacation paid I just want to
ask you if just Cupid's in your in your
prayers Lindsey and her family and her
in your prayers
he's coming wait two weeks God let's go
out here do this leave these women we
need first I need water
the only water is that we never in the
back of the Jeep and they're probably
super super warm I got that here working
right I was out here working on that
video and I'll show you where I got to
you before people started showing up oh
look that's pretty much all again oh
look his water
cheers Cheers happy was Saturday happy
Saturday dude thank you as well thanks
brother what do you think the this space
like is actually being used it's not
even ready yet and we're you know we're
turning it into a studio already I can't
even I can't even explain how excited I
am to be able to like start using this
space as a studio we do so many more
activities in here you know like we had
bunk beds we could do so many more
activities
slide them together yeah yeah we
wouldn't even have to ask mom and dad or
we could just the fight gets over one
bunk bed to the other bunk bed you like
tents and stuff okay guys so I do
apologize for me like this is there's
girls here listening to this kind of
stuff
well we decided to get the table out and
play some beer pong
who's ready we are winning yes I want to
do the most epic beer pong shot ever
shot in my garage
I think we can do this but now that this
music oh my god
yeah yeah we're gonna play wet head man
that you ready alright so basically it's
like a Russian roulette type game you
put water and you guys saw this on that
video right it's ten summer toys I'll
link it about you put water in you pull
a stick at a time there's only one stick
only one I'm not gonna get it
oh man there it is check this thing out
look how awesome that is whoo there's
not gonna be any cat poop in there
well easy fella that's pretty cool
turned out a lot better than I thought
kids are gonna love it
thanks for your help Scotty no problem
and Jimmy thanks for help gimme we need
to go through and like sand it and do
all the staining and finishing and stuff
but we're gonna save that for for the
vlogs because I don't want to I don't
want to intimidate someone to do it
exactly the same way this part after
what you do from here is completely up
to you whatever color I even thought
about taking like a router and rounding
off all these corners and stuff yeah
turned out awesome we think honey
yeah rounded corners for sure for sure
I'll tell you what it's hot all right
guys so we built the sandbox we've had a
ton of fun today I want to thank you
guys for making it to the end of the
vlog I'm gonna tell you what it is
ridiculously hot out here one of the
best reasons to have your own pool
hmm that's all we got for you on this
vlog today guys thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
