hey guys today's project is for the kids
today we'll be building a covered
sandbox with integrated bench seats
here's what you're going to need two 1
by 8 at 47 and 1/2 inches 2 1 by 8 at 46
inches 12 1 by fours at 47 and 1/2
inches for two by fours at 12 and a half
inches for two by fours at 7 and a half
inches
you'll also need 8 3 inch strap hinges
3/4 inch screws to attach those 4 gate
handles you'll use 2 inch screws to
attach those and I use the box of two
and a half inch galvanized screws ok now
that we have all our materials together
we're going to start building the base
what you'll need for this is both the 47
and a half inch 1 by 8 and the 46 inch 1
by 8 at each end of the 47 and a half
inch 1 by 8 we want to inset the 46 inch
one by 8 by 2 and 3/4 inch
so we're using an eighth inch drill bit
on a corded drill for a two and a half
inch screw now you can use whatever
screw you want just make sure that your
drilling pilot holes with an
appropriately sized drill bit now the
basis assembler we're going to need to
take two of our one by fours and we're
going to set those over the inset and
space than a half inch part like this so
yeah where the inset is you're going to
take your 1 by fours and you want to lay
it across flush it up here and here and
for the next board it's nice to have a
spacer you can use like a block this is
a half inch exactly put a block on
either side to get that perfect spacing
without having to measure every time
now there you got your first two boards
on either side now we need to move to
the next step which is building the
actual seat base with the armrests okay
so the next step is taking two more of
your one by four boards use your half
inch spacers so you can get that perfect
spacing what we're going to do is you
have to create these armrests
so our 2x4 is going to sit something
like this but we want to end set enough
so that it doesn't run into the edge of
the actual bait so what we're going to
do is use two more spacers to make it
about an inch and a half and grab a
speed square put that right to the edge
and then we'll draw our line so the
easiest way to get started on this for
drilling is you'll set your board up on
its end because one of the ends of the
2x4 needs to be flushed so we'll line it
up just like that grab our drill and
drill our pilot holes and now what
you'll do is go ahead and place your
spacers so we get that perfect even
spacing again and we'll line up our
boards with the line
you complete the second floor and
there's our seat base and we got to have
two of these you're going to make one
exactly the same way the next step is
we're going to take our seat base and
you want your flush the end of it that's
flush with the hand right you want that
toward the front I'm going to lay that
on your base use your spacers get that
perfect package spacing we want our
hinges to fall exactly nine inches our
lead hole is going to fall exactly nine
inches into this board for the hinges
we're using a three-quarter inch screw
and of course what you do on one side
you have to do on the other we'll be
doing the same exact thing for the other
side
and for the last part this will be the
back of our bench and the part where the
handles attached we can lift the cover
open so basically you want to take two
of your one by fours line them up
together there's no space in this last
one we don't want the kids put their
fingers through there and the final
product is going to look something like
this so we'll take our twelve twelve
inch two by fours and it's going to be
perfectly flush right with the edge of
it and to attach it we're going to do
the same thing we did before we'll flip
it up like this so that we can screw it
together from this side we'll be using
two inch screws for this part so that
the screws don't go all the way through
you don't want to go all the way through
there's one now we need two of
everything's to do this exactly the same
thing again to attach the seat back the
easiest way to do is to have a friend
help you hold up the bottom of the bench
use your spacers have your buddy drop in
the seat back like it's supposed to sit
flush on both ends and we need to
measure for the hinges so from the edge
we're going to go four and a half inches
to the point of the hinge you'll want to
have a speed square handy draw yourself
a guide line so when it's closed it
looks like this when you open it creates
a seat back for a minute and of course
what you do on one side you have to do
on the other so we'll do the same exact
thing on this side and the last step
guys is placing your handles you want to
on each side
there you go guys it opens up just like
this so now you have a clothes stick a
box with integrated bench seating super
cool this project is really easy
I'll definitely leave a link in the
description for the plan that I used to
build this and you can go a step farther
to stand it finish it seal it if you're
going to be laying it on top of grass of
course you could take landscape fabric
and fill in the bottom and staple it to
it before you put your sand in and yeah
that's pretty much it so if you guys
liked this video please leave a thumbs
up subscribe for more content let me
know your comments down below and we'll
see on the next one
