oh hey guys
welcome to our day look we've been busy
this afternoon clean and check it out
Veronica just got done mopping the floor
and could this we've got the living room
all clean swept vacuumed the couch meh
you I will say this you guys were
totally right about the amount of dog
hair that was gone from having a German
Shepherd she needs brush real bad you
know how much dog hair I got in the
vacuum no Bink yes I'm talking right
canvas and it was full I emptied the
canister in the vacuum before I started
by the time I was done it was packed
full so we've got everything cleaned it
is time for me to go I have a I have a
drone shoot I'll show you what's up he
has turned out to be a fantastic
beautiful day today
it is sunny right 85 beautiful weather
I'm heading up to North Newark Ohio my
buddy Seth you guys know Seth Wetzel his
mom owns an insurance company and today
they're having like a car show so we're
gonna see some really cool cars and he's
having me come up here to he's making
like a video for her and he wants me to
fly the drone
I also brought the road in just in case
we can use that make some cool footage
but yeah we're gonna go see some cool
cars well cool it is instead wessel I
can't see me I'm not tall enough oh
you're there good you're there
no look check it out so this is the car
show they got a ton of old cars here
look at all that what's amazing to me is
they fit all these little all these cars
into such a small space but no worries
we're gonna flood drone we're gonna
you've never seen the Ronan
I haven't oh dude he's gotta crash the
drone either not today all right we got
ronan battery charging the drones ready
to go so work now play later yeah well
we'll show you guys some car stuff but
first and foremost we got to capture
Seth's footage so we're going to take
the drone up he's going to go out there
and film we're going to just nail it
gonna be me but leave every 30 minutes
and that was awesome we got some really
good food so we had to they've already
chosen the winners for that they're
doing a calendar and
they wanted me to take the photos for
the calendars it's pretty cool
all these all these awesome cars are
pulling out so we're not really gonna
get to show you all of them but I mean
look at that right there
what is that purple one it's up
a 42 Pinto oh my god yeah I love the
back that's not a fence oh no car guys
will know what that was that's not gonna
ride okay you'll get bad light from that
yeah yeah don't be like comments go
crazy for that Oh time to evacuate
Broncos calling me trying to see what's
for dinner
Seth bodied you're welcome bye those
guys are awesome
Lois Clark insurance company they had
quite a few more cars here than then
Seth thought that they would it was
actually a really good turnout I showed
up a little bit late of course he called
me last minute I was like yeah man I'll
comply but yeah it's time to go home and
see what's for dinner she's running from
the bed time what are you doing I came
home just in time for Eliza to go bed
showed a your lip let's see sure day
your lip it's not as bad as it was
hm no you're good I love you sweetheart
se9 night say night-night say
night-night
whoa see who sees the spot you see the
spot well
Veronica has to go to the horse barn
it's almost 9:00 p.m. I rescheduled my
Friday night livestream for 9 p.m.
Veronica is gonna take you guys to the
barn with an Amber you're going to right
are you guys gonna like country girl it
up those are Veronica's old shoes
what the H you go no boots you know what
wait what tonight's the last night barn
tonight's the last night at a bar there
we gonna party or more peeps get there
so it's after the livestream I had just
found the camera
Veronica forgot it horse find dawn I
grab the water and walked out let
Veronica now type hashtag fail in the
comments Vale Veronica on a lighter note
this is still here and let me caution
you let me caution you on that this
guy's is the DiGiorno chorizo pepper
pizza and let me see how do I put this
that will make you poof fire okay I'm
just saying I don't hey I hate to say
that but I'm like my belly is literally
torn to shreds from that pizza right
there yeah did do they even know that
they have a dent
yeah that's nasty but they have no
cavities yeah no cavities
you know what : has a baby tooth that
isn't being pushed out by his adult
teeth so manual extraction you know what
that means
it is 1109 already and you missed out on
going and seeing ninja and all that
stuff
thanks to Veronica but no big deal and
give them a bath and actually like do
more with ninja now not leaning anymore
so when I do go over it'll just be
strictly horse first-time perfect so
basically it's a perfect time for
if you're new you'll quickly learn that
I am a huge fan of coffee all kinds of
coffee love my coffee this morning
our morning routine is to get the coffee
walk the dogs and I think it's time to
check the levels on the pool I'm using
these with a six way five way 6-way test
strips easy so this is telling me my
chlorines love my ph is crazy high
alkalinity is crazy I hardness is good
in the center Cassatt mmm that's kind of
a weird reading I'll tell you what guys
levels in a pool is very very important
and not only the pool health but the
people who swim in it
I'm no expert I'd love to talk to
somebody in the local area who's like
who knows everything about pools or
maybe even over Skype so we can kind of
like it's tricky man keeping everything
all lined up pool levels is a constant
battle
lyza I brought lies out here to help
what are you doing
exploring I don't blame you this is a
slide that we got from this other other
swing set we were gonna put together but
Veronica got that one now I don't even
know if we need need this stuff the key
kitty
there's flashy thank you baby
you're Dora the explora yes ma'am I was
reading the comments from yesterday's
video about these sunflowers and what it
is that may be eating it and we have we
have a couple different species to look
so some of you guys suggested Japanese
beetles caterpillar slugs ha look found
the culprit it is a caterpillar look I
found the culprit
it is the caterpillar yeah before they
completely die they won't be able to
photosynthesize without the without
their leaves yeah you should probably go
and pull off all those dead ones that
looks like trash look there's another
caterpillar right there cuz eatin rotten
leaves you remember I said something
about the sand at the extra sand outside
that we got for the pool I wanted to
build a sandbox for the kids and I was
looking up random youtube videos and
came across this site who is credited
for the plan so basically we're gonna go
on a do one that's like this with the
seats there see and I think we're gonna
try and make that one happen what do you
want
Liza kitty cat anyways yeah this site
right here it's Anna white comm is where
I'm gonna be getting the plans for the
sandbox from I believe there's it oh
yeah so we've got all our materials list
and all that stuff right there it's
actually very nicely laid out so we're
gonna be trying to put that together and
I think that's pretty much all I've got
for you guys today actually there's one
more thing when you take our hair in
today's video
there's our guy I know a lot of you guys
have been saying in the past couple of
logs like Gill genes the battery in that
smoke detector I hear you
you know without you guys these things
probably would never get done
no more beeps ha all right guys so that
is where we're gonna leave you for today
I want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
