hey guys welcome back to the vlogs I
gotta say I missed you yesterday we had
to take a family day if you missed out
on the videos recently so basically to
make a long story short my my mom had
surgery yesterday and I wanted to start
today's vlog by saying thank you guys
thank you so much for your positive
energy and what happened was my mom went
to a doctor's visit where they found
that she had a spot on her lung and so
she had to have surgery to have that
spot removed the doctors thought at
first that it was a cancerous spot on
her lung and after the surgery yesterday
I'm so happy to tell you that they
determined it was not cancer and I feel
like that's nothing short of a miracle
because being told that you may have
cancer it's just something that crushes
you you know and and so yesterday my mom
had that surgery and they found that it
wasn't cancer and I just want to say
thank you guys so much for all your
positive energy your prayers your
thoughts and everything I can't even
begin to describe if this would have
turned out differently without your help
we may never know but I'm here at the
hospital today and I don't know if she's
willing to be on camera but I had to
come in town for a meeting and I can't
just not go see her so we're gonna go up
and see my mom right now
man you guys yesterday was kind of an
emotional day for us like I I thought
about pulling out the camera and
vlogging and trying to like share the
experience but I just couldn't bring
myself to it I mean think about it here
someone you love is diagnosed with
cancer like that so it's so hard to even
think about but hearing that news
yesterday was just so incredibly like
overwhelming I don't know we've had a
talk couple days she's sleeping she
looks great though
of course it would be raining want to
read I gotta go back home because Dallas
is washing the kids that couldn't really
stay long anyways
Veronica's working in Dallas of washing
the kids so yeah that's reason enough to
get home quickly but mom was sleeping
and I didn't would really bother her she
needs her rest
that's for sure but dad says she's
feeling a lot better
she was she was moving around a little
bit but she needs her rest
where I said Dallas was home watching
the kids who everybody's doing clean
your car bot yeah look at this dude you
should clean my Jeep look what you've
done here man looks nice yeah I'm
serious you can clean my Jeep y'all
gonna learn how I'm gonna pre washes I'm
just gonna pack it out into the ring I
know all right such and such a crisp and
then it'll rain again yeah that's how it
goes every time I wash my car never
fails it rains
either that day or the day I what are
you guys doing oh my gosh are you
serious they're watching ready so the
kids are watching TV and hi cutie what
are you doing yeah are you see bad girl
oh my little darling I don't know what
it is every time I come in here and she
just wakes up like this it's like oh my
gosh oh yes Liza mmm she was like oh I'm
gonna climb that now come here Liza
showed a how you dance
she's been where are you going
show me how you dance Liza all right let
go
you're like I wanna Buena vlog hi guys
I want to be in the vlog I have to check
this out look I got all this rope here
right
all this rope and I feel like the dogs
need some kind of chew toy to play with
I got him one but they chewed it up and
so I'm gonna use that you see these all
the time like pet stores ropes they're
just like knotted up we're gonna cut
wanna make one right now for the dogs we
need bigger no yeah yeah I think I might
need a bigger knife I don't know if this
will work let's see I'm pretty sure this
is like there would come on there we go
here's how we're gonna do it all I gotta
do is stand on part of it and hold this
part up okay there we go
no it was mega not one not there boom
two nuts let's see if they like it echo
look oh my God look what I got what'd
you think of that get it get it I get it
you get it huh there you go get it echo
tug-of-war you got it yeah there she
cooks ha ha ha you guys the pool looks
so nice right now it's actually a
perfect temperature today it's been so
hot lately you want to get in I don't
care I don't care at all mm-hmm
you don't want to change you someone
take that shirt off and jump in a double
dog dare you triple dog dare you I bet
you won't I bet you won't do it he's not
gonna do it they won't do it they're not
gonna do it you won't do it no you won't
what guys I think I found the first
couple of fruits off of this cantaloupe
that Veronica planted look here I think
that's a fruit I think that's a fruit
too pretty dope look that might be a
fruit right there dude this thing has
exploded can you see how big that is
like that's gnarly we need to find a way
to look at that right there's one for
sure this thing's gonna be producing
some cantaloupes
it's exciting dude I think it's pretty
cool I mean there's nothing new people
grow their own fruit all the time but
we've never really grown our own
vegetables or fruit and over at Vicky
and Jays they got like some pretty
wicked hot peppers tomatoes green onion
blackberries I think they have habanero
so we might be doing a might be doing a
little habanero challenge I don't know I
got a pretty solid prank idea for
someone around here I'm not gonna say
who it is don't want to give it up also
check out the sunflowers so all these
sunflowers oh this
but and look at that sunflower head
right there that's pretty cool
here's the thing though that one looks
good
those ones are super short don't know
why and then if you look down here check
out what's happening to these ones look
at these look at these leaves they're
being completely eaten by what someone
with the green thumb help me out in the
comments what do I gotta do to these
sunflowers to make sure that I mean are
they ruined already because the leaves
are eaten so bad well that's it so we
decided the rain cleared up which is
great we're gonna try and put together
this place that deal that Vicky brought
home for us there's no instructions it's
mostly put together but I need to try
and figure out exactly where to put it
our yard is rapidly running out of like
space to put stuff but Liza you're gonna
love this Liza you're gonna love it it's
like a puzzle this thing the slides were
really tricky to kind of get together
but I guess there's a little bit of
hardware to put this part in I don't
know I wish I wish I'd have bought it
new this thing it's kind of cool what do
you think Liza you like it you like that
I think you you yeah she's swinging fall
backwards I'm holding up I let go have
fun
all right Liza that's pretty much it
is it juice all gone you're so cute this
is this thing I mean it is what it is
it's a swing set and they'll play on
effort the rest of the summer and we'll
probably get something different it was
a yard set if you missed the vlog this
was like a yard sale finder Facebook
selling wall fine
Veronica says to her mom go get that and
there it is
do you like it Liza if you like it
that's all I don't all that matters to
Daddy you like that careful is loving
this so far that's right it's bad
you ready for vampy
hold on wait wait let's let it feel like
some more
as my heart is broken baby Liza kept
standing up in the tub and she I had a
whore of her arm because she was trying
to climb out and she slipped and fell
and busted her lip on the tub
you need a fat lip or baby oh my
goodness I feel like the devil right now
I'm so sorry Liza Oh Camilla desi no you
want to climb in the corner it kind of
prompts me to maybe this is a good time
to like offer some insight so they make
those little mats that you put in the
bottom of the tub anti-slip mat which
you don't have yet until tomorrow I'll
be going and buying one promptly that's
the hardest thing to see ever is when
your kids get hurt especially harder
when you know like I was right there and
had a hold of one of her arms and even
though I had a hold of her I still
couldn't save her so baby Liza has a fat
lip baby lies is in bed and just like
whoa it's dripping on these pillows my
goodness look I wanted to show you guys
before I finished making it perfect
pancakes there's one secret you have to
remember always use Bisquick right this
quick makes the best pancakes and you
want to use
the secret ingredient to making your
pancakes
super super SuperDuper fluffy is sugar
just one teaspoon sugar in the allocated
mix which is two cups of mix 1 cup of
milk 2 eggs 1 teaspoon of sugar that's
not on the box
that'll make your pancakes super fluffy
watch another good practice for pancakes
is once you make your batter
let it sit for a minute it'll sit and
bubble and it'll get all airy and stuff
and that's a good secret to make a nice
fluffy pancakes so dude
you gotta cook one side first when you
flip them that's when you see exactly
how fluffy w you'll just flip them over
and you'll watch them just go alright
check it out these pancakes are ready to
flip you can tell because the edges are
all like dry you can see the little air
bubbles on top
watch watch it rise it's the best thing
ever
oh they're like pancake pillows haha
those are the best fluffy pancakes ever
I'm telling you you if you have a wife
or girlfriend or mom who loves pancakes
or your dad your kids love pancakes tell
him you're gonna make them the fluffy
pancakes ever get them the Bisquick mix
can make you like the directions on the
box add a teaspoon of sugar and that's
it you didn't have the best pancakes
you've ever had realizes pancakes and
Cheerios and some strawberries she's
loving that killing this dad mode guys
look I usually after I finish making the
kids pancakes and they're whatever's
left I always try and make a giant one
and what I like to do that's a big one
Oh got my coffee man we're just knocking
it out this morning right
I can't wait to scarf this down it's
gonna be so good real maple syrup
pancakes of bacon I got that delicious
coffee this is like the perfect morning
star so guys that's where we were gonna
leave before today I wanted to say thank
you guys so much for all your well
wishes for my mom and the surgery and
all that stuff it really means a lot to
us and her I wish I could have shown
more of her in the vlog but she was
sleeping and we didn't want to bother
her so I'll see if we can't go out there
today and maybe see her for a little
while
you can imagine if you just had surgery
you pie wouldn't want to be on camera
either huh so thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see each and
every one of you right back here
