you guys I I tried I tried not to vlog
today because I had so much stuff to do
but I just couldn't
it's like programmed in my brain I have
to let have to film I have to share my
day with this camera and you so here we
are I hope your day is fantastic we've
already got a ton of stuff done check
this out
you guys may have saw and I know this
looks kind of weird but the part of the
floor let the dog chewed up is fixed and
I'm using this upside down bar stool to
keep pressure on this spot that was like
trying to bubble there's a glue under
there like an adhesive and it has to set
for like a few hours so of the things I
needed to get done today floor is fixed
dishes are done whoopsie
laundry's done I got the light bulbs not
replaced yet but they're they're they're
oh you guys wanted to see the pool let's
let's go check out the pole hey cutie
Hey
here it is guys the pool and echos going
bonkers over this she loves it Carson
how do you like the pool dude yeah are
you enjoying it it is kind of warm in it
we got finished with most of our stuff
that we had to get done today
and all of us were in here for probably
20 30 minutes just a little bit ago
I set out and got dry and I was like you
know what I can't not fall it's my life
it's what I do
maybe that's a curse I don't know
are you gonna get out anytime soon okay
look Echo's soaking wet maybe you should
chill on that so she can dry off
check this out Veronica I don't know if
any of you noticed this but Veronica's
like a Veronica's a borderline hoarder
and she saw this on Facebook or whatever
this like little baby swing set deal it
just needs like hosed off and kind of
scrubbed down a bit but it's like a
swing set with a slide and all this love
so I'm gonna have to put this together
and check out how much sand we have left
I definitely got way too much but the
good thing is I am going to figure out
and find a decent set of plans for a
cool sand box
I think the lives of her love a sandbox
you saw yesterday's video you saw that I
got these LED balls never bought these
particular ones before although it looks
like a light bulb are you serious
advantages of being told you can reach
the ceiling oh now I know you probably
think I'm Gil
you're really vlogging changing light
bulbs and stuff but I know like I know
that's probably not the most interesting
and cool thing to watch on YouTube but
as like a daily vlogger I I said it man
I had like maintenance things to do
today
so you're along for the ride so now is
probably good time to weigh in let me
know in the comments do you guys want me
to just take the day off if I have to do
things around the house like changing
lightbulbs and fixing floors and stuff
or should we just go ahead and blog
anyway because you enjoy and you know is
that good and Cheerios
I also wanted to show you guys this
filter look how small this thing is
it's literally tiny I don't get it like
does anyone else have pool this size
with the pump this small I just I don't
think it's right I don't think it's
right
when you have a well like we do you have
to have a water softener and
periodically you have to add salt to it
that's done yeah baby lies I want some
egg ease on top of her cereal there you
go mmm would you like egg ease one last
set before bedtime Eliza look at her
hair oh that's feature dear future Eliza
I do apologize for the way your hair
looks in these videos but we just love
you so much and you're such a cute
little sweetheart goodnight current Liza
do you guys remember that photo shoot
idea - Flo pod this is what I just
finished working on it is the final one
of my favorites and it's currently - 10
a.m.
4% battery and if you follow me on
Twitter first of all if you don't you
should my twitter handle is accurate
logs you would know that I posted just a
little bit ago as I finished I want to
bring back a Q&A for tomorrow to finish
out today's vlog we're gonna do a Q&A so
I hope you guys have asked some really
interesting questions and it's about
time - well you know what time it is
it's about time to grab that coffee and
get to it I thought it would only be
appropriate to come out here in my
soon-to-be office space to film our Q&A
I just love spending time out here
because like I'm fully beginning to
appreciate this space and what it has
the potential to become I'm really
excited for this to happen
the funding just isn't here yet to do
this but it will be see I promised you
guys a Q&A and so today we're gonna do
that completely unorganized I'm just
gonna pick random tweets that I found
from our post last night and answer you
guys questions here we go so Brittany
says what inspires you to keep logging
basically it's like one huge motivator
for me to keep vlogging not only because
like it's my job it's the career path
I've chosen and it's what takes care of
me and my family but if you think about
vlogging and especially daily vlogging
like I have this archive of videos
throughout our entire lives ever since
I've started vlogging and that's gonna
be something that not only me my family
my kids we can all look back on all
these videos and just kind of relish our
memories together
being able to revisit points in my life
through these vlogs is a really big
inspiration to me
Christian Feldman says when or where did
you and Veronica meet Veronica and I met
at a place called Pizza cottage on
Buckeye Lake and it's it's a place that
we always used to go to me and my
buddies in high school and we would hang
out and have food Veronica was a server
there and the rest is history
Kevin what is the one thing you can't
live without
err J Weaver are you guys in James and
Holly going to meet up in the Outer
Banks again for vacation
I wish that'd be super cool love hanging
out James Thalia any opportunity arises
I'd love to hang out them again however
I don't think they'll be in the States
when we're in Outer Banks you never know
though Austin says would you ever live
off the grid in the mountains somewhere
or rather be connected to city
electricity I I'm a big fan of nature
and as much time as we can spend in
nature appreciating the earth I think
that's great but as far as I what I do
and like the things that I enjoy I kind
of need electricity how else would I
charge my camera battery cheeky Phil
says do you have any hidden talents why
yes I do actually I I can I can do this
I also know how to play guitar and I can
sing a little bit just a little su K
what was your reaction when the Xbox
prank went viral typically like when I
upload a video and I check back on it
periodically just to see you know if
there's growth or or anything like that
watching the Xbox prank just go to the
moon which by the way thank you guys
again so much for all that support we
really needed that and it's such a
blessing so thank you
but to watch that video go from like a
hundred thousand to five hundred
thousand to a million to a million and a
half it literally just blew my mind I
was like I I can't even understand you
know I think it's a great video and the
boys definitely got pranked but I just
couldn't believe it
like seriously thank you guys so much
for that hashtag six years what's your
favorite song at the moment one of my
favorite songs at the moment is ride
bike twenty one pilots more car radio by
twenty one pilots
or the judge by 21 pilots or doubt by
twenty one pilots pretty much any song
by twenty islets at the moment I'm a
really big fan up Tanmay when are you
gonna go skydiving I don't personally
plan on ever jumping out of an airplane
unless I absolutely have to the fear of
heights in me is astounding and I don't
think I could ever do that
viii in Matthew he wants to know if you
could have vacation for ten days all
expenses paid where would you go just
you and Veronica I remember always
seeing like in travel places or or like
on the internet in general just that
picture-perfect scene where it's like
crystal-clear water on a beach with the
palm trees that kind of grow sideways
and I've always wanted to go to the
Caribbean and that's like a big dream of
mine is to take Veronica on a super
romantic getaway to a beach in the
Caribbean
that's it doesn't even matter where
anywhere where there's crystal-clear
blue water white sands and those
beautiful palm trees that's the the
perfect vacation for me and for me and
Veronica to go just the two of us that's
all I would need this that's like a
dream of mine Jordan wants to know what
do you appreciate the most in life I
think the things that I appreciate the
most in life aren't the material things
aren't possessions aren't things you can
go buy what I appreciate most in life
is the people that I surround myself
with and I think you should kind of
focus on that and you're like to the
people that you surround yourself with
helped determine like who you are as a
person and they they kind of help mold
you and and teach you who you are
okay okay two more kevin says what is
some advice for starting a you
you channel he asked that question a lot
believe it or not and starting a YouTube
channel is actually really really easy
basically you come up with an idea you
could even shoot your YouTube videos on
your cellphone you come up with an idea
you mold that idea into something really
great and you put it out there no matter
what whatever you're working on whatever
your idea is you have to follow the
steps to put it out there and the great
thing about YouTube is that people will
always be able to give you instant
feedback it's something for you to work
on to determine whether the feedback is
coming from a pure hater or someone who
actually cares about giving you
constructive criticism I mean it all
starts with an idea and you can you can
progress that idea over time you can
make it better you can even change it
completely but you'll never know if your
YouTube channel can be successful if you
don't ever upload a video so start with
an idea film it with whatever you got
and take the advice from your peers in
the comment section take the advice with
a grain of salt and I can't name any one
person in particular and this will be
the last question answer for today's Q&A
session a lot of you want to know if
we'll be going to the Roman enthusiam
Columbus and the answer is yes we'll
totally be there I hope a lot of you
guys show up to support I'm sure you
will and if you do see us there
definitely come and say hi who are you
gonna be rooting for okay that's about
all the time I got for Q&A it's about
time to move forward with the day
because we are going out tonight we're
gonna go to the Roman fucile and show
our support
and I need a shower how you feeling this
morning oh okay okay yeah tell me it's
kind of thank you it's a party it's
gotta be the heat it's been really hot
here in the past few days I'll tell you
what ridiculously hot
the heat index has been over 100 for the
past couple days that's what has been
super nice to get out in the pool thank
goodness we got it up in time yeah I
think that's gonna do it for today's
video guys I know it's kind of random
but you know that's our life so I
suppose I will see some of you later
this evening maybe I hope you guys like
this video if you did please leave a
thumbs up let us know any of your
comments down below on the questions we
answered in today's Q&A and I suppose
that's all for today thank you so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here
