what's up guys it's currently Sunday
Sunday Funday how's everyone doing hope
everyone's feeling fresh and buy fresh I
mean I hope you put your deodorant on
cuz we're in the middle of a heat wave
it's my mom's birthday this week and
it's gonna be kind of a stressful week
for her well you guys know already but
for those of you who don't my mom and
the doctors that she sees had recently
discovered that she had a lump on her
lung
and so through a bunch of tests and
procedures and stuff they decided that
they need to do a surgery to take out
part of her lung this week so her
birthday is later in the week I believe
it's Saturday and she may still be in
the hospital so we're gonna be
celebrating her birthday today
what do you think it's good wrapping
right listen good flow right hey one I
didn't mess up at all look at Ali's hat
look her Atlanta hat well you wouldn't
believe Ali just had a baby
good girl
what are you here mom for mom's birthday
celebration we're having pizza on top
pizza I'm Tom pizza and breadsticks
that's actually my favorite part right
there and cupcakes
who doesn't love a good vanilla cupcake
with the icing on top um mom I know it's
not your birthday yet but I just wanted
to say happy birthday thank you everyone
everyone in the cyberspace one's awesome
every birthday thank you happy okay
good food tipalert right there you guys
can't be friends of mine if you don't
put ranch on your pizza ever since like
high school we had school pizzas
I always put ramps I'd always dip ramp
or get my pizza and rage you got if you
haven't tried it you gotta try it and if
you haven't tried it and do try it I
want you to report back and tell me how
good it was
and you're welcome you should fill it
all the way up right now so they can
roll in it water everywhere dogs at my
mom's house it's insane it's insane
there used to be more dogs here some
little some big never got those those
guys over there crazy there we go even
Liza's getting in on the pool action are
you so are you gonna play in there and
splash and get all wet Liza I hope not
daddy doesn't have a change of clothes
for you yeah I don't blame you though
it's hot oh you're gonna move it careful
darling look at you oh jeez I should
have known that was gonna happen we have
to do cake and ice cream now and Eliza
knows everything ready come out of that
boy yet come on yeah you're silly
you're zero seriously you can't do that
that's against protocol
Samantha : Carson Chloe mom grandpa Oh
Sharon Ali Ian's always showing up with
them tank tops you know because he wears
them well do you ask them hey so you
can't remember when you had supper
here's the thing grandma has practically
lost her mind
instead of being like you know
I know this is the worst thing ever you
get to have fun with it and laughs what
else you gonna do you can't you can't
just get out of Oakland otherwise bad
situation literally grandma who is that
boy
to long from are you sure you don't know
that guy right here you're sucking on my
neck I could not I went kiss your neck
you want me to suck it on your neck
no no so we're at the tail end of my
guardian who mom worried what debt is
take your surgery is a Wednesday but
exactly what time ten o'clock I have to
be there at 8:30 okay so here's the deal
my mom surgery happens at 10:00 a.m.
Eastern Time at that moment what would
be so incredibly awesome is that each
and every one of you out there watching
you tune your mind sending positive
energy right here okay think about my
mama send that positive energy asking
the universe to heal her body and make
sure that everything is perfect
uh-huh I'm pretty sure we should do it
to make it happen I think you're gonna
be fun hi are you nervous
that's pretty serious business so what
would you say to people out there who
don't smoke yeah
don't smoke anyway yeah so guys wins it
10:00 a.m. we better use your positive
energy sadly my mom's away what ginger
ginger you're gonna be fine here to be
fine send it out
we really
just trying selfie with my mom while
we're capturing some very real
resistance it's time to get out of here
mom I love you I'll see you on Wednesday
good night sleep tight look at the dog
has chewed up the floor angel
lucky for me we do have a bunch of spare
linoleum the same stuff there's a lot of
my plate to do today so I brought cam
with me we need to go get some stuff
check the stuff I go to our tractor
supply company and they have these these
like dog kennels the same one that we
have and the floor model has this crack
in the pan which is definitely what I'm
gonna need to make sure the dog doesn't
chew my floor anymore
but I can seal this up with a little
tape on the bottom side so it doesn't
pop up put the dog blankets back in
there problem solved
all right one stuff we got our so on our
pan I gotta get I got listen I got
multiple light bulbs in my house
kind of long so we got to get light
bulbs we gotta get floor adhesive so I
can repair the floor that the dog has
destroyed and that dog what do you do if
that was your dog I'd make a cage
outside never bringing my family well
it's kind of like it's kind of like hot
as hell out here I'm no joke I woke up
this morning go outside walk the dogs
and it's like I saw Satan in the yard
next so it's doing yoga
he waves says good morning
a little long up here you know what time
it is
you like it yeah I can't see I don't
have a mirror look oh you can't see I
don't even need to look though Jeremy
always does the best job of my hair it's
perfect I don't even need to look I love
you Jeremy you're watching I know every
time I go there I learned my lesson
there because the last time you guys saw
I got hacked by the video titled Gilroy
I got hacked but uh Jeremy if you guys
come to Newark Ohio go to Vaughn's it's
on 4th Street ask for Jeremy do yourself
a favor ask for Jeremy I need lightbulbs
and I need maybe it's called liquid nail
but I was gonna whenever I come in here
a check and see if my girls working Fran
she's always so helpful I love her
she's like that friend in the store you
want to go see but I don't see her
all right so this is what we need to
keep our floor down and a little
handheld trowel fine gentleman back
there helped me pick that out I don't
really know what to use I'd probably
just use like liquid nail or something
but it would be hard you know lightbulbs
are this way yep
that's the last thing cam then we can go
home and start getting stuff done I got
such a long list of things to do today I
feel like we're gonna end this vlog
fairly soon but we've got some real
catching up to do at my house so it
looks like everything now has gone to
LED I remember hearing something in the
news that these compact fluorescent
deals are like full of mercury and if
they break they're really bad for the
environment
these new LED bulbs won't see if they
stay on it how long they last 5,000
hours it's a long time LEDs it is huh
Hartigan's so that's it guys that is
where we're gonna lead for today we've
got all the stuff we need to do a pretty
routine maintenance kind of around the
house get stuff done type of day so that
is where I'm going to leave you guys
thinks I'm crazy
leave them with something positive tell
these guys something positive that they
should here I'll tell you it's Monday
let's start this week off getting stuff
done
be positive be proactive make it happen
that's all for us today thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here
