this is an icy hot hatch
I heard you ready to go yes yeah there's
what no taken why's it to the babysitter
you ready yeah
okay Liza you ready yeah how do you feel
today good you feel good
poor baby Liza was taken to the doctor
early this week because she had she had
the flu and the flu and I infection and
then when's your birthday
Liza's birthday's on the 29th you're
gonna meet three years old three years
old so yeah baby Liza um kind of has the
flu and she's on the tail end of it
which is great but that kind of left us
like stuck at home taking care of her
but we were able to get out one day this
week and actually hit the slopes for the
first time this year so I want to show
you guys I want to take you back to Mad
River Mountain first time on the slopes
and Romans first time on his new
snowboard he actually did pretty good
that's right guys today is the day we're
finally hitting the slopes we came down
here to Mad River Mountain and it's it's
my first time this year but we've got an
actual first-timer on anything amber how
you feeling right now they're like a
marshmallow yeah you look a little puffy
there yeah they're hard to walk anything
so Amber's gonna try these skis these
are like short shorter skis
keyblades yeah you're gonna teach you
the ropes try and we also have build it
Brian is getting on a board the students
never been on a board before I can't
wait to see how this goes down
and we have Roman here he's over there
with Brittany getting ready we're all
getting ready to go up I'm so excited
Brian and Roman are coming off the chair
right now first time ever
why didn't feel so got it but yeah I
remember my first I get off the chair
trade off here you go
oh you did great done
oh it's so hard for me to move and film
this lean that way yeah that with your
heels Brian chuckling oh boy oh my god
full sin you've heard full sin but you
haven't seen full sin until you've seen
me an old ghillie Gil on the mountain
yeah it was a blast
it was an actual blast get this I don't
think I captured any on camera but I'm
getting pretty confident with like a
little jump so I'm going downhill that's
a step and you got yeah I hope that I'll
have to find a way to get Zack to filmic
cuz we're going again soon real soon
the girls are getting their equipment
amber did great to Roman did great Brian
did great everyone had a great great
time it was awesome how many times just
then did I say great yeah okay so that
was our first skeet snowboard trip so
yeah it was uh it was a good time
snowboarding in Rome he did really good
I felt like I actually did good like I
was I was impressed and I saw guys that
were like this is your first time he
would point as board downhill and just
literally go
I like there's no carving I like fly
Roman just went for it
no I ate it alright but seriously I have
on on the topic of snowboarding since
you did really well you liked it right
you liked snowboarding as opposed to ski
I love be honest I'm actually wishing
zombie crawled out of the room I like
looking at it now I'm like I wish I'd
have done this years ago
right so you're committed talk about a
little bit of a surprise then because
last year I met a guy from a company
called gilsu
to make these rads Gilson I'm not lying
I'm serious I'm serious we have an open
invitation to go to Gilson and create
our own boards you're gonna create your
own board and I've been working on the
artwork like my own snowboard your own
snowboard I'm gonna show Rome in the
artwork and you're gonna see a party
dude I've already made it already made
my snow but no I get to make this snow I
created the artwork and I know you're
gonna love it
alright yeah
oh my god dude no way that can be your
actual snowboard yeah Brett
where's Brett look look at this their
skis yeah there's our new band-aid no
there's two options two options the
grace go on and like the x3 bro that is
another color one dopest snowboard on
man it will be
it's a snowboard you want to trust no
one
yeah okay you're excited that's great
because sometime next week we're gonna
building are you serious going to
Pennsylvania going to do it we're gonna
that is so dope just wait I appreciate
this so much
it's gonna be fun this is we have
another we have another task at hand for
today though yeah all right all right so
cool you like it love it we have
something else to do today and we should
just get right to that I'm gonna teach
you how to rig up a really cool laser
tag sequence all right here we are again
back at this grand 3 go Cardin guys this
place is awesome and what we're doing
tonight is a little bit of well laser
tag and it's not just regular laser tag
this is supposed to be like modern
warfare type laser tag you'll see bull
cross we're about to actually play the
game but afterwards I don't want you
guys going anywhere you're gonna see
exactly how we got all these really cool
shots let me introduce you to the blue
team guys this is amber we got Brian
we got Shawn shonduras dr. Duras and
your boy goes rocky
so this excellent elbow mount look at
that happening like that oh dude it
looks I use this as my cursor right
because it was like in the way I did the
same get really creative get some
cool-looking shots this one actually has
the gun in the in the frame
some of them were mounted on the barrel
like Tanner's underbarrel like it was
like a little sideline you know it was
like a gangster POV this is right this
is one of the coolest mounts chase did
you know they just hook and mount it too
much one of the other cool mounts was
this shorter mount here which is kind of
a little bit floppy but I think what I'm
most proud of is some audio from both
sides of the game Roman had a wireless
love Sean and I built this little beast
right here literally just a field
recorder with a couple of wireless love
receivers like look at that thing it
should be I should have put my GoPro on
sideways so I could have straight so
there you have and that's how we got
some of those really cool that's the bad
boy right there we did laser tag but we
can't leave without doing around that's
not your car quit playing yo see that
number eight yeah you're gonna want to
watch out but I wa yeah well that's what
place are gonna come in on car you in
okay so I got fifth Roman was in front
of me like he predicted universe
predicted it Oh third in our group okay
me Roman he's down there Brittney's at
the bottom what amber got eight dude
you're always in the top on this thing
hey the hot tub looks warm and the pond
not so much this is looking familiar
right like just go probably a week ago
we were all doing the same thing and now
it's Sean and tanner today's vlog was
meant to be a little bit more
informative of like about how we capture
certain parts of
of what we film and stuff which turned
out great but it got a little chaotic in
there so I didn't get to really go
through exactly how we shot it but you
get the point and you get to see all
that footage over on Romans Channel four
now we're gonna go capture what's about
to happen on the 1dx
you've seen it before it is just gonna
be super funny I got to hurry up and
shoot this and get back to the office
and why do we have to wait to get to the
office well because we still have a live
stream tonight I even though it is super
late I'm like an hour and a half two
hours passed we got people in here
waiting which is super super cool these
guys are awesome if you haven't had a
chance to make it to any of my live
streams we have a lot of fun we play pub
G most of the time now it's just a total
blast Sunday tomorrow if you're watching
this the day at posts Sunday is Eliza's
birthday Eliza's birthday and we're
gonna have a little party for her I will
be filming that I don't know if I'll
make it a whole vlog and just upload
that for a little bonus this week so
with that guys that's where I'm gonna
leave you for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching and as always
we can't wait to see you right back here
next time
