oh no baby my sleeping back there we're
starting now
my Grammy Amanda and Grandpa we gotta
hit the grocery store but before we hit
the grocery store we gotta hit some
Beach shops where first stop is their
classic super Wings beat souvenir shop
why do you wake up yeah hey you wanna
help mommy find Nana sweatshirt okay
this is what it's like taking a toddler
and one of these stores just to touch
everything and see everything and she
picked the beat sucker she was getting
like this giant like twisty rainbow
lollipops but I was like go back and get
a little sucker so she did it's a super
chair for this super Wings is another
awesome beautiful sunshiny day so you
got to get to the store and get what we
need and get back so you can enjoy the
beach doing some boogie boardin today
for sure my son who is that guy a pirate
beside him
ji-sook looking at all the jewelry might
as I found the little pony just singing
in the boat you wanna be a princess
you don't like that one even take that
dress off well we can't do it right here
in the store you're gonna get us in
trouble what are you doing under there
alright we made it through the grocery
store and I didn't love much in here but
it was chaotic with baby Liza she's not
and she's very go home oh she's done
with the running around and groceries
and all that no we're getting everything
that you see come on
honey wait a minute outside
let's you look a little fat yeah okay so
we're back on the beach and today is
Labor Day so it's like holiday and this
Beach is packed this is the very first
spot you can park on the beach and it
starts look traffic and people
hi guys well took a little longer cuz I
got pulled over back there now speeders
fader I couldn't have been gone more
than 25 he's like the speed limits 15
you just need to slow down you said it
just like that yeah
did you lunch and everything we just had
these wonderful turkey sandwiches they
were the bomb and they were sandy two
sandwiches real sandwiches yo what's up
guys I had to come back to the house
real quick I stole the Jeep from I had
to come back to plug in those Traxxas
batteries again I thought I'd charged
him last night but I got it in it just
doesn't have the amount of torque that
you look for in that type of truck so I
think there lo got to recharge those
batteries and I'm trying to get some
really cool footage of the xmax on the
beach just going nuts do those paddle
tires and that x max is another level on
the beach holy cow oh I almost forgot
you will not believe how close I got to
some dolphins qualifying the drone today
check this out
what about that footage of the dolphins
I lost my shirt what it don't even
matter it don't even matter I've got so
much Sun today I'm literally like oh but
guys it is time for dinner
and this place it's pretty wild at
dinners I mean just look at this look at
this whole kitchen of everybody getting
some food oh my gosh this is Cathy's
lasagna looks super good yeah chicken
alfredo breadsticks got that salad how's
everybody enjoying the beach so far dude
is it good it's good oh my dad over here
chowing down where you can sit wherever
you want
sit right there by me Scott what you got
what is it 341 what is it 300 and oh I'm
like wide the boys got out the
binoculars cuz there's some massive out
there it looks like a dolphin but it
looks a little bit bigger than a dolphin
it's like huge way too far out for you
guys to see it but it's just right out
there do I really have food all over my
face this right here Plus that fabled
fruit pizza I know they're not all piled
on top of each other Kathy went like I
mean it's the science dude that's it
that stuff is almost as good as you know
what
come here you excited for free how was
your day in town did you have fun yeah
yes good
we missed you out there baby went down
just a little bit but she
oh that's it right there
Brian don't don't miss out on that oh
hey what we're doing our homework oh
okay don't let me bother ya from cookie
you ran out the Sun burn your little
person
Carson let me ask you are you having a
super fun vacation so far what's your
best part the beach huh are you having
fun in the sand you have salt growing
around your eyebrows pretty sure we all
had an amazing day at the beach we are
every one of us is super super sunburned
including Scott Scott let's see your
shoulder it's been an incredible day the
weather's been beautiful no clouds in
the sky at all except for this morning
and now it's just a beautiful sunset
look at that Scott right behind that
house
look at me
straight face what you said oh right
good night so bad like look it's
although I like down here Oh totally
down there thunder shakes it's nice so I
roll so you have to go without
sunglasses for at least a couple hours
no it's just a bright he's bad Carson
what are you doing
oh you're in your seat oh boy oh I have
got to show you guys this blanket this
is one of those like and free blankets I
don't know exactly how to explain it but
like you lay it down and the sand
doesn't stay on it just falls right
there it's pretty good this is the next
day I'm just kind of like filming as we
go no real set like structure as far as
like this is the day from morning to
evening vacation we don't need to
operate like that
what we do gotta get this guy ready one
of the things about being at the beach
there's a lot of sand and in the back of
the trunk is a ton of sand I don't even
know how I'm gonna get it on out so yeah
well everybody's inside taking naps I am
gonna use that time to edit and bring
you guys that amazing dolphin footage
you saw earlier in the video Wow such a
cool experience to film dolphins up
close like that thumbs up this video if
you guys enjoyed that dolphin footage
I'm gonna try for a lot more cool stuff
and yeah that's what I'm gonna leave you
on this one guys thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here next time
