hey guys welcome to our day look the Sun
has just left the pool area it's
currently 740 hi I'm not joking today
was literally the hottest day I've
experienced so far no hi yeah it's been
hot so basically Caleb and myself not
Veronica cuz she's leaving we're gonna
finish this pool right now we're gonna
finish this pool and and baby Liza are
you saying are you saying with that day
yeah maybe like this oh you what's wrong
you don't like it give me kiss give you
a kiss you give me giving you what you
do that Caleb why are you being so mean
no I love you don't worry we'll have the
pool done I'm hopefully I don't die
Barney you you'll be fine have it have
it done and filling up by the time I get
back and almost given their swimming
switch to the water okay hopefully we'll
have it done but only good honey
we should now what we shouldn't just do
it who knows fill it with thumbtacks
right what are those ah okay thank you
sir so check this out because I had to
put this like I'm calling it my pool
compass my level encompass I had to
drive this stake in here and it was
really hard to get it out right it's in
there so I came up with this little idea
to screw a big bolt into it like so
screw screw screw basically we're trying
to get it out now because we're ready to
put the line around so I'm screwing it
in check this out using leverage you
couldn't pull that out by yourself but
if you use a little bit of leverage get
this under here like so push down
yeah it will come let's start without
this one oh you see it it came a little
bit oh let's get that back in there yes
yes yes yes
Oh perfect so now when you do is take a
bunch of sand and put it inside there
fill it fill it stomp it fill it stomp
it fill it stomp it fill it stop it
make sure it's nice and packed because I
don't want it to sink but the good part
is if if there's like a low spot right
in the middle if any debris gets in here
that all the debris will will kind of
collect in that low spot I don't want to
too low obviously but maybe that would
be a good thing
Roma's there Caleb we're about to put
the liner in black
the smell of this final new plastic I
don't know what it is I love it
we got water Oh exciting Caleb Cameron
boys thank you thank you for your help
it's not done yet what we have to do is
let this fill up like two inches so the
bottom has water like water weight in it
and then we can this actually looks
pretty decent from the other liner that
I helped put in it's not as creased as I
as I thought it would be but the weight
of two inches of water you kind of use
to scoot all the liner out and get all
the wrinkles out so it's nice and flat
and then we still have to once we get a
little bit of water in there we'll put
the I don't know what the inlet valves
outlet valves for the pumps we've got
three of them it kind of sketches me out
happen to put those in and like you have
to cut the liner and there's only like
pressure fittings that keep the water
from coming out while the pools filling
up I feel like now's a good time to kind
of thank any of you new subscribers and
know over the past couple days we gained
probably what like 3040 thousand new
subscribers new potential viewers every
day I just kind of want to let you guys
know we do a lot of fun stuff on this
channel I will say that we're not always
the high energetic stuff that you saw on
the Xbox prank but we do like to do
projects stuff like the pool here I try
to do a lot of things myself so that I
can teach you guys if yours you know if
you try to tackle stuff on your own
don't be afraid of it you know you can
do anything you put your mind to so with
that being said take a look around we do
a lot of different things we have
challenge videos there's a challenge
playlist that you guys can go check out
we we used to do like a monthly prank
week which we kind of haven't really
been up on that for a while but we're
definitely going to bring that back so
yeah there's a ton of stuff for you guys
to go watch it's like eight hundred and
fifty maybe videos don't go all the way
back because those vlogs
and stink but uh but yeah I just want to
take a second to welcome all you new
viewers to the Gilroy lifestyle we're
pretty chill we're pretty laid-back I
mean we got tons of family that we're
always hanging out with I mean Caleb
definitely Cameron amber we got with so
many different characters in my life
like this is my life and I share with
you guys you know over dramatis eyes is
n-word over dramatis is overly
dramatized life situations or scenarios
just to increase the viewership like
you'll find that we're one of the most
authentic and genuine bloggers and
families out there and we're not going
to we're not going to type things up
just to get you guys to watch if you
want to watch cool I thank you so much
for stopping by but you know this is
what we do we're chill we're good people
you know broken we just love the YouTube
community and we love the fact that we
share our lives with you and so many of
you have come along for this journey so
I just wanted to take a second and say
thank you actually let's do something
fun in the comments for today's video I
want you guys to tell me how long you've
been watching and where you're watching
from have you been here for have you
been here since 15,000 subs or did you
just get here and where are you guys
watching from I always like to know like
where is it in the world that people are
tuning in to watch us every day it's
pretty baffling actually see like I mean
I've seen people from Egypt from
Australia from Indonesia from Italy from
Europe Russia I have a German gladiator
and when we say gladiator gladiator is
like kind of the the name that the
audience had given themselves like way
back when we first started so so yeah
welcome to the gladiator family and let
us know in the comments where you're
from and how long you've been watching
there's a little bit of water in you now
oh that is cool
so basically my buddy Scott taught me
how to do this basically and get some
water in here
you want to kinda like to start in the
center there really isn't enough yet but
the basic theory is you just use your
feet when you're kind of drag out pull
wrinkles all the way to the edge
sweeping you
we have to do that all way around the
pool all right look at that right yeah
it's decent it's looking pretty flipped
you hear that I don't know if it's as
loud on camera as it is in real life but
that is deafening so I jumped in and
made a couple more adjustments to the
pool liner it's looking super smooth
very proud
this pool is going to turn out super
awesome but I'm about to head upstairs
because we have a live stream tonight
and we're doing a scary game it's
actually kind of an old game the evil
within but it's a scary game and it's
perfect to play at night and everyone
who joined the last room livestream last
time totally loved it so it's stream
time and just like that the stream is
over we had a lot of fun tonight do that
game it freaks me out especially we
played it I turn all the lights off it
was just my monitor and you can see hmm
creepy look at all those people and
their devices right now every single one
except for Gabby good for you Gabby give
me the flashlight
okay so we're all doing field trip out
to check the pool level
I can't let it fill up too much because
I have the inlet valves yeah oh it's
fine
the inlet valves still need to be
installed so you want it's currently
just a liner that's gonna be a while
that's nice
yes ma'am you got a little wear it got a
little little wear it looks like there's
nothing in there look at the bottom the
other but well I guess you can see all
my feet hey let me see the light you can
see we're all where I stepped well we
were putting the line around it's all
good there yeah there's no wrinkles you
see any wrinkles
Carstens flying Robo flashlight don't
drop it in curtain yeah person hmm a lot
of gallons to go
enough of that sake this pancake time
you ready for pancake Liza yeah I know I
was like late everyone's asleep
I'm trying to like make some ramen
noodles tell me you didn't make ramen
noodles when you were younger wait
sometimes ramen noodles are super super
good that's it
Liza's helped me look she's got the
spatula woohoo we're gonna go and check
on the pool here in a bit I did shut the
water off last night because I didn't
want it to overfill without us
supervising it but we're getting there
here oh yeah I don't know if you guys
know this or not but I I just became a
huge fan of real real maple syrup hadn't
had it before and then my buddy Jason
came to town with his wife Stephanie and
they're like they're from New York so
they brought this really good pure maple
syrup this is Amber I guess there's dark
and there's amber but I cannot get
enough I made pancakes for the simple
fact that I wanted to have real maple
syrup on my sausage and pancakes I'm
hooked tell me is there anyone out there
that loves pure maple syrup like I do
you didn't even have pure maple syrup
it's incredible how long it takes to
fill a pool
with one of the it's been filling all
morning so far it's not even halfway we
got a while to go that goes it hot
are you HOT it is so hot everyone's
enjoying some inside time can't blame
them it's pretty hot out without a pool
we're gonna have anywhere to cool off
and our hoses occupied filling up pool
so yeah baby Liza's in bed um this is
really my only time of the day where I
can like sit down and focus on editing
so I think we I think that's where the
video has to end for today but yeah so
that guys is where we're going to leave
you hope we'll be back at it again
tomorrow hopefully cross your fingers
the pool will be fully filled by then
and we'll actually be able to enjoy it
it's gonna be like 90 for the next few
days so it's just in time that's all for
today thank you guys so much for
watching I can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
