hey guys and welcome to another day in a
life of the gill boys today we are
starting our day outside in the sunshine
set up a pool a little pool here fill it
up for the doggies angel puppy you jo-jo
puppy who can't you'll be a guess or is
I did some work on this tree like
trimmed a lot of these lower bushes that
were hanging really far down how you
happen to your hooded towel let's see it
again show them it's hot it's very hot
yes hot Colin's got a nice cool towel
pick this up right so I found Center and
I drove a stake in right mm-hmm
and I drilled holes in both that in this
top board so now I have this basically
compass that I can swing all the way
around tape the level to the board and
boom now I can know that the ground is
level once I get the sand in there we're
going to take out all the grass first
why don't you kill it and then dig it
well till it and then dig it till it and
unfold now that you have your perimeter
till all of this so it's at least loose
and then it'll be easier to dig up
that's a good idea waddle
Oh
so here's how we're trying to keep cool
the hoes we're just every so often when
we get super super hot we have to come
over and like spray ourselves down with
cold water because it's scorching out
here
so we're taking a little break from pool
and mom's got this blackberry mush we
have a little blackberry bush out behind
our garage but mom's got this big one
here look at the size of these
blackberries look look humping on
something focusing on it look at this
some focusing on it I get the black one
look how big that is don't try one Colin
try it melt in your mouth yeah they're
so juicy Neffe kite I want seeds no I
don't need it
hmm are those yummy
she puts the whole thing in around so
yummy I was going to put it in a bowl
but it's not gonna make you eat it
feed it to mommy
does mommy get
get that big juice you want for yourself
- I'm up good look at all these peppers
look at that that's a giant hand what
can we do it banana peppers we make our
mustard yeah mom and Jay makes mustard
with all the peppers and then I can I
think there's another big one that needs
picked mom yeah like right here yeah
this one is this one for me yeah pick it
: it's ready alive I know look she's
going back for more berries no no honey
those are ready those would be up key
and hard they're starting to turn back
into onions huh yeah we have tons of
onions
is it good Liza take a bite Colin these
are like the banana peppers that you
like but this is how they grow she
actually took a blade yeah there's a hug
huh you don't like it okay no you don't
like it okay so we are going to take
some Tomatoes some of these green
tomatoes and Carson says he wants to try
fried green tomatoes yeah so we're going
to find a couple big ones okay find a
nice big green one I got one hold up
don't look at it don't okay I'm not
looking
let's take these three and we'll find a
recipe for fried green tomatoes okay
looking good honey
you got it all tilled up well like
ground soften so that way now it can be
leveled level it and then tamp that camp
it with that mm-hmm and then I'll set up
the rib for the ring
I'll card in the sand and then I'll
level the sand and then we'll build the
wall and then we'll put the liner in and
then the top ring that holds the liner
in place sorry I forgot her nice cool
wet towel like Daddy so look we've got
it mostly mostly level were to that
point we started over here somewhere
we're almost around but I gotta take a
break I don't know if you can see my
back my back is like I'm fried I'm so
fried I need to chill for a minute go
get some food cool off
lower my body temperature and come back
to this I had to make chase come eat and
he is already he scoped it out and he's
already back out here getting it all
leveled out mmm Colin don't mess it up
Hey hi you know what levelling the earth
has a lot more work than I thought it
would
yeah I've got it all level I know he's
going around with the Stamper Stamper
Stamper Stamper Stamper watch out baby
Liza touch em toes oh my goodness you
guys this is turned into a full-on
all-day project we are to the point
right now where we we've got the ground
level and we have the perimeter open to
one spot so we could card in a bunch of
sand I think that's enough sand to
spread out and make it at least two
inches thick so now we have to close off
this part and put up a wall it's time to
put up the wall whoa
right now
well guys this is about as far as I
could get today we got the pool wall up
and we haven't spread the sand out yet
because I'm just trying to figure out
the liner and a whole situation like
where the liner lines up with those
holes or if we have to cut them it's
almost done though almost done
tomorrow I'll wake up early so I have
the shade from these trees to kind of
shield me from the Sun I'm literally
burnt to a crisp I can't I worked as
hard as I could today I was lit a
pouring sweat all day long but we'll get
it done look in my back oh I'm sober it
actually doesn't sting that like that's
the thing it I took a shower and it feel
it felt fine but now that I'm out of the
shower it's like dry I need some lotion
do anything lotion I need something more
coffee and more time to work because
look at the weather man it's going crazy
we haven't seen any rain yet but there's
some really severe thunderstorm I
literally woke up early this morning saw
weather alert severe storms possible I'm
like crap so I had to come out here real
quick this morning
and I laid down all the sand and I've
got most of it leveled I've tamped it
once and you can see how this parts nice
real smooth and that's kind of rough I
need to add a little bit more sand over
there to get it just level and perfect
but look we're almost done last once I
get this all solid and ready we put the
liner in and then we can start adding
water of course I got to put the filter
and the pump in over here all that stuff
but that's easy this is cool man
and it's all perfectly level I've
checked and double-checked it's so cool
it looks like it's gonna be raining for
a while guys I I feel like we're getting
too far into the day to keep this video
going I don't know if the rain is going
to ruin the progress I've already made
on the pool kind of a little bit
nerves about that we will pick up
tomorrow on the the liner I mean I think
the liners the the last step the last
part of course we got to fill it but
guys what do you think are we are you
excited about the pool it's it's getting
so close to being done so so close it's
gonna be way bigger a little bit deeper
yeah it's gonna be a little bit deeper
munchkin are you ready for a new pool
are you tell me tell daddy she won't be
able to touch in this one know what that
guy is we're we're gonna call it for
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching I'm gonna go make some
breakfast for these guys and get this
vlog up for you so thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
