hey guys good evening to you
we're getting started here at the barn
with me and Carson areas this is a high
yep more here once again cleaning stalls
Carson you're gonna help me clean yeah
okay so we've got one stall done for a
special guest here at the barn with us
today hi Bernie how many years how many
years has it been since you have helped
in a horse barn I think the last time is
probably when I was like eight yeah yeah
it's been a while we're putting into
work today baby lies is sitting dance
into the music eating her Cheerios
drinking her juice yeah she's fine so
I'm here sweating my butt off at the
barn and my phone is blowing up
literally and it's all because of you
guys we finally crossed three hundred
thousand subscribers three hundred
thousand subscribers the violent past
eight so awesome guys thank you without
you guys we wouldn't be any wrapping it
up around here and look Eliza you
helping I'm gonna spread all the sawdust
out
spread it all out boost its clean till
dust her girl she likes getting dirty
don't ah are you dirty is that nasty say
that's nasty did you survive yeah live
here you're still alive too much hard
work baby great needs to gather
souvenirs I know I tricked her Kane did
you find do you like seeing the horsies
do you like seeing the horsies yeah yeah
alright we're done here thanks stand for
the help and you know we gotta go home
and get something for dinner
alright anymore
ladies
ready for a man back yet he's on live
streaming we will we'll be going over to
see ninja a lot more here very soon
and things are gonna change a little bit
just for the better of everyone and
we're good to see me a lot more
family
I was on a panel and ER get some power
going
how excited are you pretty excited I
just had a very exciting livestream it
was awesome yeah we had the live
subscriber count up in the corner and it
was like everyone was going nuts in the
chat and they were like $2.99 995 every
James showed up every James Parks for
360 loving men so yeah it was very
exciting very exciting 300,000 so
awesome whoo we should go to dinner we
should celebrate
I'm a mess that's fine I'm a mess but
I'm like a hot sweaty mess literally
well hi I'm re editing the vlog because
I crash your computer yeah yeah they're
leaving us okay I love you they are
going to spend the night with me and
Brittany Colin
by Colin you be good okay oh I love you
I get a kiss your mom don't you kisses
imagine vibrant thanks for going to the
horse barn are you ready
I know you are so I had to grind a
little bit and get the vlog done cuz I
think I said it already but I kind of
crashed my computer earlier and so the
girls Maddy Caleb they're gonna stay
here with Liza while she's sleeping
simple right
and we're gonna go have a little
celebratory dinner maybe a little toasty
yeah you want water All Right girls
we'll be back we'll be back thank you
love you a long time but if you know and
we'd do anything celibate
we go to the same place Applebee's we
just love that place yeah I was gonna be
Red Lobster but it's like 20 minutes to
close and we don't want to make them
it's a stranger we come to like a super
flat place it's not super Playa but
super quiet place to celebrate how am I
supposed to be like of course of course
no look here give me your hand
when's the last time we went on a date a
long time I feel like I feel like kind
of a bad husband I didn't take another
game thing about being past we when you
have kids it's almost like it's very
hard to get out thank you it's very hard
to get out and I enjoy each other
like a couple LT does this when they go
to a restaurant what Bronchos literally
sitting indian-style it's okay
you're allowed why not you're in look
super comfort no it's fine
I would do that too if I could I can
I've never liked we should call my mom
hey mom do you know what happened today
we got 300,000 subscribers yeah awesome
right I just wanted to call and tell you
you know hi and I love you because we
were thinking of you so we decided to
call you
we're all thinking that right I love you
just in time let's see that beautiful
food oh thank you so much I'm Veronica
hungry can I have some spinach artichoke
but now we've moved to dessert
there's a little nigga brownie bite yeah
brownie right here let me get a scoop
you guys are definitely gonna miss out
on trying this
oh here's the 300,000 guys so humble
thank you very much cheers to you you
want to cheers with your brownie cheers
to you yeah this is how parents
celebrate does it feel better I hear
it's like freezing in there we're
literally trying to get out here to be
warm that was delicious
I feel bad we didn't really like do
anything crazy but to be honest I wasn't
actually gonna vlog today but then I
realized today might be a pretty good
date of law because 300k are you ready
you want to drive so you don't throw up
yeah Veronica gets carsick a really mad
okay so we made it home dinner was great
dessert was excellent but I'm super
excited for
the sand is here oh that's right guys
would you believe that's two tons yeah
that pile right there is two tons and
that's what we need to put down the base
of the pool yes so we can use all of it
and not get it lost in the gravel but
here's here's what I have a little bit
of problem with look there's some gravel
inside the sand which would be deadly
bad for the liner creature it's a
caterpillar I hope this will be all
right I'm sure it'll be fine so now I
gotta take it I got to take a little
trip to Lowe's cuz we don't have a wheel
barrow I'm gonna need two wheel barrow
it from here to there and I might need
to rent like a tamper like a hand tamper
to get it nice and compact where I need
it to go look at me mm-hmm I'm gonna
have to chip out the rest of the grass
there there's I can totally see a high
spot on that side it's gonna be hell
getting this all level I'll tell you
what
cuz this looks like a high spot and then
there's a high spot there it's low here
I'll figure it out there after all I am
cheese Gilroy already sweating thank
goodness the Sun isn't over the trees
yet I need to hurry so I can work in the
shade we've got that much time left
hi sweetheart
are you gonna help daddy I need your
help I need to help her a couple days
ago a baby lies it was shopping with the
girls for clothes and all that stuff but
now baby Liza's shopping with Daddy
and a daddy store we're looking for
shovels I'm thinking this is a decent
you know shovel the one I have is kind
of Haggard and I honestly don't think it
will last through this job so all we
need in here is a shovel and a
wheelbarrow
I might need a rake hmm I found the
wheelbarrow but it's already put
together and barely fits in the cart I
ain't gonna fall over but I'm looking
real awkward walking through the store
like that the trick here is gonna be
fitting this in here and Eliza
got our shovel piece of wood now much
larger piece of wood
now the wheelbarrow there we go
that's how it's done look at that
we still got room for baby Liza I
thought I was gonna have to leave you
here Liza I'm kidding that wouldn't
leave you all right yeah dang look who's
home everyone's home did you guys have
fun do you know what we're doing today
let go that's right we're putting up the
new pool got everything we need to get
it done plus Sam yep two tons mm-hmm yes
sir on that note guys I got it I got a
kind of end this vlog for today cruelly
you know what we'll be up to in
tomorrow's video make sure you come back
have a pretty nice idea on how to level
out that area and just come back and
check it out I think it might be pretty
useful to any of you who might be
setting up a pool in the future so that
guys is where we are going to leave you
for today from here to Gilroy house we
wish you a happy day thank you so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here
