okay
oh I knocked it over ah all right guys
let's get you ready finally no but
seriously guys we're coming at you super
clean look you'll notice I don't have
anything in my hair today
I just got showers just skip past the
first half of the day for reasons I
won't explain in the vlog but we are
about to show you and experience
ourselves the ultimate is in a couple
days ago to you so I went and took
photos for like a massage therapy and my
buddy Matt and Holly and we took photos
of what's called a meditation flow pump
now today we actually get to experience
it and we're getting massages are you
excited for the ultimate like are you
are you ready to like fully release the
negative energy in your body and and be
at one with your inner self
I least I hope that's what's about to
happen because I've heard a lot of
things about the meditation flow
positive I was really stoked to see it
in person but now today we actually get
to experience it for ourselves and I
don't know probably just explain more
when we get there so here we are back in
the center of Zen right think about that
Center of Zen so Veronica hasn't seen
the pod yet first of all how are you
guys doing good to see you again
awesome yeah let's show Veronica this
Future device this is a room look it
looks like you're about to go to space
right one of these ear plugs just split
them in half you need one if you think
you're gonna get water trapped in your
ears if you're not an individual this is
a way different this is way different
you'll have six minutes to shower before
an introduction comes on have six
minutes to get in the tank and start
relaxing the biggest concern really is
to find what position is most
comfortable
and let's do that I'm enough talk more
action let's get you in there I can't
wait to see those so while Veronica's
getting settled in I wanted to ask you
know Hollywood what can Brown can expect
like what's what is about to happen to
her like what's the whole sign well
about 30 minutes into putting your
sensories in your body
everything starts to shut down if you've
got a lot that's going on in your head
it will help you really relax and calm
down and not
a sense of weightlessness occurs I have
more energy has to be a little better
clarity LeBron James and Steph Curry
they have used the superior clothes eggs
and swear by them they're the only brand
they'll open from my understanding
is a very busy woman so she'll be able
to handle all of that times ten
yeah with all the energy that she's
gonna look at it okay wait as a matter
of fact and I said you have a special
treat for me yes well I mean both of us
but a little you had or added bonus
which is a nice little massage
so I just got a really gnarly massage
that's one coconut using coconut oil
feels fantastic
Veronica is what Veronica's done yeah
Veronica's done how was it what do you
think tell me everything sit what are
you waiting for
tell me what was your experience I was
playing with echo and I threw the ball
like in my dream and my great as I threw
the ball I'm like just laying there
relaxed in my arm fall and right before
you're like gonna hit the ground your
body like jolts oh yeah you like that
hahahaha
there was one point I came across like
after I had goes up and walked back up I
just all of a sudden it was just
thinking about things or whatever and
then all of a sudden this like warm rush
came across my whole body and I like
started crying what seriously that's
great I'm trying to cry in their back
and I wasn't even like expecting it or
anything it was just like oh I feel like
crying right now
it was just more warm rush that that's
why cuz it's on your shirt alright I'm
tired of hearing about this I'm ready to
go in there and see you right there
I'm ready going there to see what
happens like be yourself
that is awesome I didn't fall asleep I
don't think right I didn't have any
crazy dreams but the level and you think
if you're underwater for an hour you
accrued ah
no proof I can't really describe what it
was fully like because I don't know the
words I'm not I'm not even filling you
with nonsense I can't tell for how long
I was inside there just trying to like
calibrate myself to the environment
trying to close my eyes and fall asleep
you know like if you're if you close
your eyes and you're staring at the Sun
you can see like the colors through the
Sun through your eyelids yes mine did I
did see a mixture of purple and blue and
it kept like circulating I don't know
how long I was in there before I find it
like I checked out for a second and as
soon as I checked out I feel like I
heard the music say that it was over
yeah that was like wait I just got
comfortable so maybe you did fall asleep
oh meditation flow pod if you can find
one near you come to Lancaster whatever
you're gonna do try that out that is Tom
Tom if you want to come to Lancaster and
see Holly what is the natural remedies
massage call her look screenshot that
come here find Holly have the experience
that was something I really appreciate
that that's awesome
I didn't draw any attention to it when I
came around the corner both these broads
are literally crying
did you I don't if I left that clip in
you will already have seen Brown if you
get quite emotional but what why did you
get so emotional and did you trigger her
or was it vice-versa I think what
happened I just have the intuitive
thought and when she came around that
corner at that she's been crying
have you ever had this experience like
where you go I don't know where like you
you you have an event or an experience
that kind of like connects you with the
people that you're involved with at the
moment and I think that's what happened
like you guys had well you've had a
pretty wild experience in there and then
you're like health and wellness in our
community is very important it's
Brittany Smith very very important Hey
okay what is it you're pranking me
because Kane because Kangas teeth
knocked out thank you so much it really
was an experience and I can't think
you're not that awesome thanks all about
we'll be back for sure
first word let's go get a big fat greasy
cheeseburger okay if you guys are
interested to come here and see Holly
and experience the same thing we did I'm
gonna leave their Facebook page link in
the description below do go give it a
like if you're in the area do come check
this out I'm telling
change your life life changes apartment
the Holly very long time
we just left and we're feeling like
actually we're feeling really angry
Veronica's stuck on the phone we had to
come and get some really awful greasy
fast food burgers shakes it's gonna be
good though I'll tell you what I feel
insanely good right now all right
time travelers know we traveled forward
into time where we're back at home they
realizes in bed you guys missed it
her cuteness their little pigtails we'll
catch up with her tomorrow though yeah
all right so have fun hanging out with
your sister I'll be here all by myself
you suck same thing really
your brother I'll hang out my sister
okay oh oh
okay then bye-bye now take care of then
see ya yeah baby
mmm Eliza are you gonna tell everyone
what you did this morning who is right
I hear Eliza awake and so I grew up
stairs to check on her and yeah it was
bad what did you do oh really
let's open that waffle soaks it up poor
thing I had to give her a bath
immediately she doesn't feel she doesn't
feel warm I don't know what happened
that yeah I think that's all for today
guys I want you guys to definitely go
and at least at least slap a like on my
friends Facebook page the natural
remedies massage therapy it'll be down
in the description too they hooked us up
with such a really cool experience
yesterday I'm so grateful that was such
a really cool experience if you guys
haven't seen or or had the chance to get
in a flow pod definitely check it out
it's worth it thank you guys for all the
love on the prank video that's now over
like 1.2 million views insane I'm very
grateful for that so thank you guys for
your support yeah so that's where we're
gonna leave you guys for today thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
