hey guys welcome to the vlog it is a hot
one today today's going to be a pool day
you guys ready to get in the pool yeah
Oh
yeah
pretty good actually
oh yeah yeah it's almost empty
this is a good start though we needed to
do this because like I said we got a new
pool it's much bigger and we were going
to wait until next season to put it up
but now we're gonna do it this week yeah
pull that plug we'll let it drain while
we're at the pool we're gonna go to the
pool and swim but not this one
you guys ready for the pool this is a
nice pool right here man they've got all
kinds of slides actually if you guys
have been you know fans of not only this
channel but Roman and Denis and I from
way back you'll know that this spot
right here should look familiar
we did a prank here I think it's called
hairy back prank Denis like stuck all
that fake hair and you did it right here
it's pretty cool you girls ready to go
swimming
yeah are you hot I'm sweating I like
your swimsuit there that's nice
look at you run with the suffering for
her her friend that that's in town and
boys in town and Flo's a perfect day to
go to a full wrench
you
it's Adult Swim I'm going swimming you
guys
underwater I'm going oh I'm going
straight down
yeah
well then you have to yeah
yeah
I don't
okay you got it I'll play by the rules
so what that was was Adult Swim right so
when they have breaks have mandatory
breaks like every hour for 15 minutes
and I'm like yes I love going into the
deep the 12 foot swimming deep getting
that pressure built and I'm like I start
with my GoPro or the Garmin and they
tell me I'm not allowed to have it so
she was like you're gonna have to go
through city town or city hall to get
special permission or something so
that's exactly what I'm gonna do and
we're going to come back here we're
going to rock in the deep end with our
GoPros right that's what I'm talkin bout
Tom Jacob for Eliza
a boo boo she got her little knee
scraped are you okay she is so sad she's
pretty much done I think I'm pretty much
done - I can only fathom swimming for so
long time to go home and start planning
the installation of the new pool
actually Kirsten about to go I don't
know seriously oh my gosh that scares me
is he going to these guys have gotten
brave today
whoo I remember when I was young a nice
butt line I used to take my breath away
yeah do something huge dude
here goes Oh
Carson's finally conquered the dive
Carson
make a big splash
hahaha good job dude good job good job
Collin let's find a jet phone honey yeah
yeah you guys have fun everyone have fun
yeah yeah you got to be tall enough it's
pretty fun huh
yeah I can't believe both of my boys are
swimming in the 12 foot that's awesome
ooh look what I did you know if the
water drained out but enough the water
drained out to pull the pull over
there's just a teeny bit left inside
there look at the bottom that's gross
it's just mud oh but the good thing is
yeah it's wet it's a little wet there
the good thing is there's already this
circle here our circle will be a little
bit bigger what that means there's just
that much less grass that we have to
chip out so that's good if we make it
easy
all we have to do is level the surface
that's the high spot over here so just
chip out a little bit of that lace and
level it put the new pool perimeter up
liner fill it and we've still got what
we've got a solid month and a half two
months swimming
oh yeah we definitely gotta have it for
that here grab that side it's fine
yeah good job I wish I could say we
could save this and use it for something
or give it to somebody but it's not
worth saving the this ring has some kind
of hole in it from the kids so it
doesn't stay afloat me we got one and a
half good seasons out of it 100 bucks
not that bad oh we took a little break
since we came home from the pool relax a
little bit
these guys are eating a bowl cereal what
it's low-key night at our house I guess
Veronica just went to go get some
groceries you exhausted her was that
what's happening poor girl
we've got some stuff to put away I don't
know guys I think it's time for some
coffee yeah love starting my morning
with coffee
you can't I can't drink enough coffee in
the morning what do you think honey
mm-hmm hey thanks er I got
better-looking Seth came by to get his I
don't know if I ever told you guys but
this this little camera right here it's
been sitting here for awhile
Wow Seth guess let us borrow this camera
for the legends of Awesomeness yet to
pick it up today's the day did it yeah
but now I do you got to get back on them
video spread
listen tell Seth I want you guys to tell
Seth in the comments Seth and I'm gonna
kind of promote you a little bit okay
Seth as you guys know we've been friends
for a long time and Seth's tried to do
YouTube very hard for him where he lives
to upload videos and stuff so that's why
if you guys have gone to follow him
that's why I doesn't post as often but
Seth has been a very busy boy
he's always been in construction and so
now Seth started his own business called
Saul construction services Saul
construction services where he offers
his handyman services to people like
homeowners and stuff and you're doing
really well it's going really good so
far I'm actually really proud of you do
I wouldn't worry about that you do good
work and I think that's like that's a
big part
at pride in workmanship there's not a
lot of it anymore
yeah I mean as you guys know you've seen
Seth come around when I need help
building anything or fixing something
like my go-to guys Seth because he just
knows his stuff and I just like to add
the the rugged handsomeness that I bring
to the table just you know move now here
it is on point I will say that you can
you're getting room
you should shape it up you know gray oh
just that yeah yeah sheet that thing
dude I've been so busy I don't really
there's this stuff I I forget Alex would
probably I'll text Alex he used to have
a beard he doesn't anymore but he had
this stuff he always put in it that made
his beard look like like him like like a
god
I've seen people yeah yeah a balm B ALM
yeah I should yeah dude you got it a
thick man thought you would think it's
just girl beard to just let it go but
there's a lot there's a lot of work
involved yeah I wonder what's in there
actually oh he could I guarantee you
there's probably a few beetles and maybe
some pizza from last night
Oh later tonight I don't know if you
guys saw a couple vlogs back I titled it
the most relaxing place on earth I'll
link it above this flotation pod this
meditation float pod for me going to
take the photos for that flow pod
they're having us come in tonight and
Veronica and I are both going to float
and we're getting massages so it's a
it's gonna be a nice relaxing day for
sure what do you got angel give me that
what is that is he chewing on it she's
chewing on that here gonna throw this
away since it's all gone
angel come here I don't think I showed
you guys angels fully fine again with
her Paul yeah you're feeling all better
huh yeah
I'm so happy she's not limping at all
anymore her foot is better she's playful
yeah so I need to get going on the edit
so I can actually get outside in the
blistering heat and start working on
this pool before we go tonight to get a
very relaxing massage and interesting
experience in the meditation float pod
so make sure you come back check that
out tomorrow that is all I've got for
you today thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow
