hi guys it's been a while since you've
hung out with me right I'm on my way in
town I have to go to Target
I got baby Liza back there with me we're
just gonna look for something I need for
tomorrow yeah here's baby like oh hey
hey there's the rest of the crew Maddie
Kayla oh and there's amber tomorrow
we're actually going we're taking the
kids swimming to a public pool so no one
else woman whatever I need a cover-up
pretty much just someone I'm chasing
after visualize the grapes and stuff
there's something easy to just slide off
I need a cart I can't carry this baby
through the dust or realizing it like
that except pretty huh I actually like
this top till I came
what was it one day last week and I had
to get new bathing suits
mine are all worn out and getting cured
getigraph here's a flowery one
oh he's sown some Sun sighs that one's
killer no that's all grandma I like your
old girl perfume you got on we got out
of the car and I was like she put old
grandma perfume on smells like flowers
do you know how expensive that is well I
don't care it smells like wow
like that but if Eric awesome show it's
way too big I like that one oh it's
comfy go to bed that one fix you just
fits you just right just right
comfy Airy what she's not right I can
help mommy decide okay are we gonna get
this one
the teal with the pocket or this one the
black one one do you like money what one
do you like can you help me ever down
there do we like this one or do you like
this one I do not think she cares
whatsoever I mean are you being shy
you're never shy do you hear them in
here do you hear him
let's cut see they're trying on their
bathing suits and stuff and Isis getting
fussy back there so I had to walk out
and walk I need some these are cute
little workout tops I like the purple I
need some new workout clothes it's
bigger than your head it'd be a nice big
pool bag I'm a mom gotta support my mom
bag
I need a fanny pack I need a fanny pack
guys they're coming back in style they
are I will wear one here let's see let's
see what else we got you need a size 6
for baby lines there anything side sick
hmm so they don't want anything and then
I'm like besides like super dressy shoes
in her size okay okay yeah she's in
there changing
they're pretty girl
we're still waiting here in the changing
room for Amber that Liza's doing silly
pieces do your duck lips Liza do kissy
face no you can't get down yeah nope so
all this time we've been here and she's
trying this on and try that on I like
that top why don't you leave it it's
tiny
we're going to be working extra hard
this week we're doing a 5k in two weeks
we've got a push push push push
I'm losing weight in all the wrong
places okay sighs not it was the trainer
tell me one time but does not
discriminate it doesn't if you're
working your arms doesn't mean it's
gonna fall off in your arms it's gonna
follow through my back I can work my
arms cuz I be confident in yourself
who cares what other people think right
so I'm making her get the one making her
get it
like him in the car it's late
down the windows turn up they see good
breeze going in here
a supplier be actually very proud of me
because I went in target for one thing
and that was the baby suit cover-up
and I came out with one thing the
bathing suit cover-up I'm actually kind
of proud of myself it's hard to go
shopping in places and not get more than
what you went in there for anyways let's
go mom okay see I thought I'd come home
and chase it'd be mowing because the art
really needs me it was still hot baby
off of his hand shopping with me and
what did you just tell me he said hey if
you clean up all the stuff in the yard I
will no I think there's more stuff to
pick up in the yard than there is worth
mowing ha ha teamwork makes the dream
work
yeah cars man you gotta help us it
smells like a dead animal you need to
put on that underarm deodorant excuse me
I still smell the trashcan knows it
could be a dead animal flashy brings
back little moles all the time and she
frogs and toads and snakes and leaves
them like she'll put them underneath the
cars or under the trampoline or there's
always a big animal around there
somewhere
so we're doing are you sitting there in
your little chair eating your fruit
loops are you sharing them with angel
huh
are you sharing your free lips with the
angel the chase you just south came and
I sat down on the couch and kind of
catching up on some big brother
I actually am way behind I'm just now
watching the second episode so I'm
getting caught up but I'm also doing
laundry chase brought the camera and
he's like what happened to t mark I said
I'm I'm a part of the team I'm doing
laundry he dismissed me
sorry I have been working so much you
know helping others out and working and
stuff like that we got a paper vacation
we're going on vacation soon of a
birthday party coming up no Carson is
suggesting a skyzone for a birthday lies
are you bell ringing in the bathtub time
she goes outside and she likes to play
in the dirt don't you baby Liza has had
a bath and she's got her jammies on and
her hairbrush and lotion on and her
teeth brush nine-nine
my man Carson do you still love me then
yeah but mama but mama what if I were a
one-eyed monster then I would look right
into your one eye and say I love you and
I would sing to you until your one
trophy eyelid finally closed and you
feel that this meat no eyes in bed and
all that but now it's pushing after 10
o'clock ok you won but you're getting in
verse anyway sorry we ended the night
last night with just the boys getting in
the shower and put them to bed and we
relaxed on the couch as well yeah you
know what Veronica let's put it this way
we had to put Veronica to the test she
needs more practice vlogging she's got
to get better at her she's got to be a
straight-up GU when it comes to this
camera and you guys know how do you
think she did today leave your comments
down in the comment section below let me
know yeah this is Veronica's straight-up
raw dog vlogging robot blogging like
that you always want to be progressing
right so if you're at a point you think
you're comfortable you got to go farther
take a step harder keep progressing Plus
yesterday I need to get a lot of stuff
done oh maybe I'll show you I cut the
grass I cut the grass the grass looks
wonderful look at the look at the
cantaloupe out there it's looking snazzy
it's kind of small but it's growing big
and I pulled weeds in the flowerbed and
I got a bunch of stuff done yesterday so
it was very helpful thank you so much
and I get a little bit stuff done so we
can continue and have a relaxing day by
the pool that's right we're gonna go
we're gonna go to the heath pool which
is a very very cool pool they have a
bunch of slides which is really cool
stuff pretty kids employment so that is
where we're gonna leave you guys for
today thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
