hey guys welcome to vlogs look what the
kids are building right now and by kids
I mean Dallas no I'm kidding but check
out this for this Oh awesome
for with the couch cushions we've got
bucketheads Eliza Liza where are you
Liza boom I see you haha alright I'm
getting my gear together because we have
a little photo shoot
blue-blue did you have fun staying with
the girls what key wes is way cooler
than ohio yeah I have a photo shoot to
do but I kind of want to throw a little
bit of frisbee with echo first try out
this new dog mount alright it's on there
it's not too tired I don't want it to be
awful tight but you can definitely see
the camera's gonna wobble a little bit
back and forth I don't know let's give
it a shot let's see we got ready
I don't know I think it's a little too
shaky but still cool that's really cool
you like it echo it's hot out here girl
let's get some water
alright we're about to bounce Dallas
take care of the kids and thank you
pretty much everyone here like all the
kids camera caleb everyone learned how
to juggle because the blue came over
house awesome alright we got a plane kid
hey man blue as always thanks pleasure
dude have fun in Key West goodness then
spend some time and hang out yeah it's
such a short visit though no it was so
quick shows up in one night and then
it's unbelievable I felt like I never
left home alright man take care I'll see
you guys you guys do me a favor I want
you guys to show blue some love on his
Instagram Instagram now that's blue yes
sir
go sit that long that's my favorite
color actually see you dude
go via blue Apollo show some love on
Instagram and let him know old Gilson
I got you okay quick stop at the house
here Veronica switch cars they have a
birthday party to go to tonight
take the old Honda Civic down to back to
linkster actually all right so we're
here guys in this meditation pod room
look at the camera
she's having fun this isn't what you're
supposed to do
this is a
New Age high-tech really cool relaxation
here and that's why we're here shooting
photos a melissa's and they're just
swimming
you're doing great
the the meditation tank is basically you
could compare it to the Dead Sea right
because of its salt content yes and they
use this this and lots of it how many
pounds map for one tank 950 950 power
and how many of gallons of water isn't
it 950 pounds of salt 50 gallons water
percent more buoyant in the Dead Sea
right
so Melissa will tell us here a second or
she gets out of rinsing off the feeling
that you have being inside this tank
there's of like weightlessness right why
do they have the pot closable why why do
they do that
it's a sensory deprivation tank okay so
it's supposed to help you relax yeah
I'll tell you what it's a natural
relaxer magnesium is fantastic for pain
relief I fell asleep when I floated okay
my first float and I can't believe it
that I even was able to sleep in water
it's really thick though - I felt the
water because I was getting like real
close water level shots and the water
even feels like it's thick Thanks yeah
our meditation flow pod was made by
superior flow tanks they are located in
Virginia North Norfolk Virginia
but his name is Jay
it's amazing group of individuals but
this is the only USA based company and
made by our very own vets I love it I'll
tell you what it looks like something
straight out of the movie Avatar I was
gonna name a tortoise she's literally
floating in here and you can tell
visually what does that feel like
what'd she say
like this is
like a forced meditation
and to be honest Veronica and I are
comin
trunks are outside dive in there right
now
that was actually really really cool I
didn't know what I was getting into Matt
actually Matt and I used to work
together at the years people job
requested live and hit me I was like hey
man I seen you doing a lot of cool stuff
like I want to say I want to have you
come down and take photos of this thing
and I didn't know it would be that cold
that thing was cool me and Veronica are
gonna schedule a time to come up and
float in asking for you
this is Lancaster on a Saturday night
cuz up here the only one for miles and
miles is the it's like a drive in a
classic drive-in theater
this is what it looks like all the time
on the weekends during the summer
because everyone wants to go to the
drive-in it's such a cool time mama bear
is not home oh hey hola
no one's here that sucks
mom I was here to see you you're not
home hey princess what you got it's at
your new car you could probably find a
lot of things in their closet there ya
know look at this look at my watch you
see that that is salt from that pod I'm
telling you what honey I can't wait to
get in there yes sir this opportunity
we're going we have a kind of a free
pass for the both of us so we just have
to schedule it I think it's really super
awesome so thank you guys and yeah I
can't wait we're gonna do a full like
markup on what that was like it's gonna
be the experience from what I hear it's
supposed to be pretty you know pretty
awesome we only have one child for
tonight yeah what do you want to do
she's simple
it's Sunday morning and those of you who
always hang out with us on Sunday
mornings you know that it's time for a
live stream so that's exactly what we're
gonna do we got our coffee there our
controllers it's time to have some fun
so that guys is wherever you're going to
leave you for the vlog make sure you
tune in tomorrow we are gonna do
something really fun today let's just
say we're gonna get a little wet then
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
