Oh what our friends welcome to the vlog
hope everyone's having a fantastic day I
am joined here in the car with my
cousins and boys say hi Gabby hi demo
friend town we are in length sir if you
guys remember if I was a week and a half
ago wait two weeks ago because the sunny
had her baby here and now we're back we
are back because my mom is having that
biopsy done today and to be honest I
wasn't going to vlog today because of
that but then I decided you know we're
daily vloggers and sometimes our lives
are exciting and sometimes they're
boring I feel like we should at least
talk about it we'll do that here in a
second we actually just left the
restaurant to get some lunch we got
raising cane's which is really really
good chicken right
oh yeah I gotta take some back to
barranca she's at the hospital with the
baby use the forest buddy close it with
the force ready
nice ok so the surgery didn't last as
long as they thought it would they just
did a biopsy on her lymph nodes to check
and see if there's any cancerous cells
in there and she's already on her way
home it's a really really quick
outpatient procedure they do have a
scheduled I don't know what you call it
excision maybe where they're actually
going to take out a portion of of our
loan which is pretty insane so right now
before the live stream starts today
we're going to stop by my cousin Sonny's
house and see her new baby while we're
in the area and yeah it's hot I said
where are we oh yeah you want me hold
that well we're here at Sonny's checking
out baby Jackson know how Sonny doing
good good you can imagine you know as a
woman you push a baby through places
that typically don't ever see that kind
of actually care well I don't know Chad
I don't want to speak for you Oh drink
infantry toes he's like dude my legs are
called
are you chasing the kitty kitty oh he's
gone he saw lyzen was like peace did you
all right something I got all that video
footage okay thank you we I just had to
dump all the video footage and the only
way to move footage from a mac to a
windows is by using the SD card that's
in this camera hard drives are
compatible unless they're formatted
properly so i had to spend some time
giving Sonny some memorable footage
cityscape book I not a dirty bunch of
Kayla that's a dirty wet you that's a
dirty won't you
so Caleb and I uh I got a I got a call
from blue actually you guys remember
blue the first episode of legends of
awesome blue the busker is actually an
columbus tonight so Caleb and I are
taking a little trip up to see him I
guess he's performing for some cancer
event for like a fundraiser which i
think is really cool and it fits
perfectly the tone of today's video as
you know earlier this morning my mom
avatar biopsy for what could it possibly
be spot of lung cancer so I think it's
really cool that he's up here first of
all and he's also performing for free
charity cancer and so I think that's
really cool i'm happy to attend so let's
go we found this what looks to be like a
street fair type deal blue gave me no
clear instructions as to like where he
was or what he was performing at all i
know is that it was at emerald parkway
and in dublin so i'm gonna zoom he's
here and it's a pretty large crowd so
i'm gonna try and find it
with me
look at sky divers coming in we had to
go over to a little food Triple Top
zilla sorry food mom we had to go over
to a little food truck called Cup zilla
korean food got some pork and noodles
very delish blue so over here hanging
out I just actually met it gets them now
local aerial imaging company a really
cool guy Gary looking for some freelance
pilots
that was a pretty interesting
opportunity that I'm going to jump on
but uh this thing's almost over I think
we're gonna hang out with blue a little
bit more when things quiet down a day my
mouth is on fire all right blue we're
getting on that corn hole it's a
cornhole game current score 714 blue
make it oh we're hanging out where this
is like the end of the little party here
and we met we met this lady here Lindsay
she doesn't like that i do youtube would
you believe that we convince old blue to
come back to the gilroy house we're
gonna have some fun we're gonna so fun
so blue doesn't have to fly out until
what six plus CP and i have a photo
shoot at six 6 p.m. tomorrow so I'm
gonna drop them at the airport early a
little bit and that'll afford us some
time to like actually chill and hang out
it's awesome this is this is
definitional small world yes
here we are in my garage once again now
blue listen I know it kind of sucks
we're like gonna sit here and chill in
my garage it is like twelve o'clock but
what you would be sitting in a hotel
room all by yourself yeah right yeah now
we're gonna wake up we're gonna wake up
we're gonna have coffee you drink coffee
right yeah you don't drink coffee
starbucks do my stuff's better than
starbucks now we're going to eggs and
sausage and you're gonna flick not a
continental breakfast but like a real
breakfast oh the boys say hi to blue
boys chorus a nice to meet pound of
courses paper beats Rock Oh ask him
nicely they'll probably show you how he
juggles yeah let's throw it lower try
keep it in the same high throw it in the
same spot hi boys good night sleep tight
more juggling practice tomorrow okay
love you we're literally having a
juggling practice sessions full-on
straight tutorial from blue himself
who's trying to teach me the 4 ball so I
can do three balls but can't do for and
you just told me something very very
valuable if you're trying to go from the
three to four balls and that is basis of
juggling odd numbers you cross even
numbers you keep in the same hand so
that's what I didn't know that your
right hand will always be
clockwise circles you see it that's my
right-hand man air looks
counterclockwise from here Brody a
clockwise circle left hand is counter
clockwise circles narrow this claw claw
here see counterclockwise and putting
together but not synchronized for ball
synchronized as a trick still juggle
four balls but that's not how it looks
fluently that's very hard to AC yeah
that is very hard it is it's got to be
acing so your right hands clockwise left
hands counterclockwise put them together
but a sink you go right hand first in
your left hand so you right left god
bless you just keep that going same time
because if you throw one higher than the
other and become a singer synchronize
yeah just practicing she is practicing
people yeah I didn't catch it it doesn't
count you go do them in one hand oh nice
Kayla two in one hand no two or three
and then you know you thought this is
Magic glue watch this magic ready it's
free this is magic ready what we're Zeke
pregoo oh it's like from night to
morning boom just like this it's magic
right Ohio oh wait yeah I oh we've
already had coffee and breakfast and all
that stuff Veronica's gone to do some
work today I didn't I don't think I
showed you here I'll show you what a lot
of you guys know the echo is an amazing
fetch dog she'll go after the frisbee
sugar after the tennis ball so I got
this yesterday while I was in town this
is the dog mount right for the GoPros so
we're gonna hook echo up
with this mount today and see what kind
of cool footage we can get of her
literally speeding through the yard to
catch frisbee around of all it's gonna
be epic but uh I gotta get to the Edit
on this we do have a lot to get done
today so that is where we are going to
leave you I want to say thank you guys
so much for watching can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
