hey welcome to the vlog hope everyone's
doing fantastic wonderful feeling fresh
fine funky we got this guy back here
mm-hmm back this head is what's up there
he is
yeah see I got Seth Wetzel here in my
garage where I have no two Lamborghinis
and no books because our knowledge is
now based on the internet by a Google no
but seriously Seth and I are actually
going over the numbers to figure out
what we need to get to make this space
the most epic the most awesome the most
incredible the most productive space in
my life we got us a pop-up coming it's
been really really really super hot
today and because of that we've had we
had one earlier pop-up shower rained for
like five ten minutes and it was done
it's super super hot and very very humid
we're literally dying here look at look
at the top of Seth's look at the top of
sets in it's like shining and we've gone
through all the measurements and stuff
and we're figuring between lumber
drywall insulation light fixtures some
wiring it's gonna be about twelve to
thirteen hundred bucks to get all this
space finished this space this part of
the office I'm just gonna grind man
grind grind grind this is a very
important part to my psyche to be able
to like operate at maximum efficiency no
not that kind of grinding Oh Seth
that's confused so Caleb thinks he can
make it from the roof to the trampoline
I don't know man yeah alright he's going
he's going for really oh he's going back
so you want to do it again huh then it's
not that bad 15 20 feet yeah do a look
back at the camera okay alright make it
epic Oh Caleb take 2 in 3 2 1 go oh my
god it's so scary
uh-uh yeah here we go 1 alright get it
here he goes oh I saw his I saw his legs
buckled dude that he's gonna make it go
oh my gosh
all right I'm doing it here we go I made
it maybe years maybe you're trying to
put too much I screwed up some maybe
yeah yeah come forward men come on hey
Caleb if you could try and run into it
that'd be great yeah make this thing
work that was good because it stayed
where it was that so check this out guys
you know you know what this is all right
so we're trying to we're trying to catch
pokemon and there's a poky stop really
really close by so we're gonna have to
go to the pokey stop and train our
Pokemon
that's not your Pokemon how do you do it
you know pokey stop gives you pokemon
balls and potions and eggs and stuff
like that that's all puffy stuff this
just gives you oh I thought you had to
train them you got to keep capturing
Pokemon and leveling them up by trade
transferring them into candies and
feeding them to the same cookie so say
you catch 17 we deletes their widows or
whatever right you got to keep bumping
that one up right so look how many of
you cuz I've only caught a couple I just
got it yesterday and Luckett all mine
are what are you guys you got a bunch
I only come for Safari behind what you
do the same day yeah well no you
downloaded yours the first see look you
see how they have rankings at the top
yeah so if I have a repetitive one so if
I have another Charmander and he's lower
than that then I'm gonna transfer him
I'll go down to the bottom and hit
transfer and it'll give it'll put into a
candy and you gotta have that many
candies to evolve them and you just got
to keep evolving and building them up so
his next thing other than a Charmander
is says it up here his next thing is
that oh nice we should make the rest of
today's vlog Pokemon example this right
here see how she has four of them no
this one's the lowest one go down
transfer yes gives your candy transfer
yes all these ones that are lower than
the highest one you have which is 40 and
you feed them to that she needs 25 so
she needs she can keep transferring them
and she wanted her hive wanna keep on
her quit on Pokemon go masters by the
end of the week for sure
amber made some food and Veronica and
the kids went to her dad's to do stuff I
had to do stuff with Seth to figure out
the building and we're gonna go eat and
then we're going to a pucker stop and
we're gonna catch the Pokemon all right
South wetzel thanks for your help bud
you will I appreciate it really doing
well we did measurements and stuff and
figured out Holly I didn't do that but
thank you hey enjoy playing Pokemon he's
right there hmm
fettuccine alfredo garlic bread so
delish amber thanks for cooking food I
really needed this are you gonna get in
on a Pokemon what did you just say
everyone on Facebook is talking about
Pokemon game and it's a trap to get
Americans it was about at the same time
it is true I saw a news report saying
that people were like like robbing other
kids at pokey stops because they know
they're there and they're not paying
attention to anything but their phones
that's kind of scary actually
quick eats dude your mom makes you good
fettuccine alfredo
he's all worried about a whole water
balloon play are you scared of water
bluesman no would you rather go catch
some Pokemon said no no what what you
doin Liza what you got no rock all eyes
is here her and Veronica have been gone
where'd you even go you went sorry no
you missed me I've been working like
over time upon over time this and that
this is what Veronica looks like when
she's lying
are you ready how about that time hmm
what'd you do you made a big long line
of floppy yeah florp yeah I just got it
who remembers that stuff I don't work
it's like the slime it's not sticky it's
just gooey in my brain it's like brains
it's wet though it feels wet I don't
like it oh yeah whoop no he's pretty I
got
all right so guys it's the next day and
I had to get some editing done and I'm
really trying to put the pieces of this
prank together so that the boys have no
clue what's going on so we're here in
Lowe's and I've pretty much dialed in
what I want to do for this prank so just
to give you a heads up we've got some
safety goggles right for the three of us
I've got me a angle grinder right I
already have a drill at home I feel like
I need a sledgehammer yeah like a like a
sledgehammer this friend guys she always
helps me when I come in here to find
everything I need super helpful so I
love you friend you're wonderful yeah I
think I need a sledgehammer and then
we've got all the things we need to pull
off this epic prank wait do you see it
would be buy time you're watching this
video it will already be up so make sure
you go and watch it yeah it's gonna be
epic so uh Fran let's find a
sledgehammer okay what do you think is
this is this a solid ideas it's gonna
work tell me straight perfect on you
so basically my plan is to rig the xbox
so I'm gonna tell them to go inside and
play the Xbox and it's not gonna work
I'm gonna have the baby monitor set up
right in front of the Xbox so you can
see them like what's going on doesn't
work and then I'm gonna try and go in
and troubleshoot it then I'm gonna
convince him that we can fix this and
we'll make a video about how to fix it
and they can be in it with me so they'll
have no suspicion as to their being
cameras on them and all that stuff and
I'm just I'm not gonna fix it I'm gonna
destroy it and that's that's
yeah what do we got what are you doing
we're gonna fire it up for the first
time we've got it all set up down here
look at that brand new Xbox on the shelf
it's so shiny the old one was so loud
like I'm sure you guys have heard it
before so no yeah
we're gonna fire it up for the first
time we're gonna let call and do them do
the honors
Carson stand right here can you get a
password for the Xbox yeah all right it
has to be on before we can change the
image yeah
oh you can't even hear TP that's that's
not the Xbox that's here let's change
the source oh you know what I did you
know I'm gonna have to come clean with
you guys you know how I made it not work
why I unplugged the cable behind the TV
so we need to take the next few hours
setting up this Xbox downloading some of
the games they had that were
downloadable content and you know just
moving forward are you guys happy are
you guys happy got a new Xbox let's say
they're happy they're pretty happy now
we just spent the last couple hours
playing on the livestream and talking
about it with you guys so those of you
who did join the livestream thank you so
much for coming we do those every
Wednesday Friday and Sunday Wednesdays
and Fridays at 5 p.m. and Sundays at 10
a.m. all Eastern Time that guys we're
gonna leave for today thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here
