hey thanks so much
we kind of omit the well the long drive
here how's everyone Carson how you doing
just now you found those cool rocks
that's my birthday yes I said how are
you liking the trip so far we're making
a trip to the beach Veronica and her dad
brought us into this really strange
okay I gotta be real so yeah we are
in the middle of our trip to the beach
we're almost there we're so close we
stopped just inside North Carolina
stretch our legs this market we always
see we've never actually stopped at this
is like an antique store website it
brands like very into like old school
stuff and you own this place got it it's
guy who remembers these things
old-school Pez dispensers candy inside
there and you just pop the head out and
it pushes up a piece of candy you never
seen that before on Eliza and another
stop here it Morris market this one is
this one's awesome this actually met
someone in here who follows the channel
thank you so much for saying hi if the
kids just the kids are going crazy look
at this thank you
you know how kids do they want it they
want everything cool they see they
decided to get puppets Colin got a pig
puppet Carson got a frog we're just kind
of taking it easy you know yesterday we
spent pretty much all day in the car
Eliza was very kind of grumpy and you
know you've seen you've seen that drive
a few times before oh god there's me
guys have seen that drive a few times
before no no need for all that
repetitiveness just us in the car it's
hard to like film interesting things
that way so we're here pretty much and
we have to stay in a hotel tonight
because we can't check in
till tomorrow to our beach house which
is going to be insane we're gonna have
the best time ever and it's way nicer to
split the drive up to two days just
better on the kids and we get to kind of
like take our time and just enjoy little
fun places like this Oh Liza you're so
you can't drive it once because it
doesn't Drive sweetheart
tractor squad Hey they chose bush go on
growl buffet style food whoa this your
spot it was she doesn't she's speechless
okay I'm starting off throwing some
salad let's chow down
I'm going in I would see food you know I
don't towards the beach I didn't see any
crab no we got those butterfly shrimp
some fish some lemon herb fish that's
fish big fish she covered marshmallows
and it's literally now a mustache I
don't know what it is you're going to a
buffet and it's always like you see all
this good food and stuff and then you
just don't know when to stop her she
literally came up to me with like tears
in his eyes and a mouth full of food
that's a good thing though because now
we can take them to the hotel they're
gonna be ready to sleep I found out this
hotel is about soda pool burners the
inside they're believing us Scoob back
made it to the hotel
literally super dark it smells like
the light is still out but it's just
like I don't know it's one of those
travel days where I feel like I'm super
tired are you gonna tired
yeah no turn but yeah tomorrow we hit
the beach and it's gonna be so awesome
and amazing and I don't want you guys
missed I don't want to leave it in a
finger so what we're gonna do is just
get right to it get the essentials you
know and we got more people here person
we got more people here it's good you
got a car full of kids up here blaze and
Blaine and know uh Landon Oh all our
family and friends all the closest
family friends are right here Eliza how
did you get back there didn't have any
room in there so she had to sit back
here oh my god miss you so much don't
stop there guys don't stop there cuz
look who else is here is my mama and my
daddy and my sister okay okay we got to
move quick because time to check into
our house you ready to check it it's a
big moment you want to get here and we
get all the preparation in order and
wife
beverages baby's ready now we can check
into the house we got to pick up the the
crib for Liza because as you know we did
this every time we've come out
Eliza sleeps better in a crib it's just
fact it's it's a game-changer
it takes that whole vacation to the next
level what are you doing quit playing
you know you're lying because the dudes
wheeling it out right there she's always
trying to play guys the same time that's
not the time honey it's that time my
friends I guess can you tell I'm getting
super excited I got like firmer grip
I'm gonna take the air out about the hip
saying this is the experience that you
guys have shared with us the last time
we came that moment when we get on the
road that's right the sand is right
there in front of us that's when it
really feels like awesome we're on
vacation
oh yeah there it is boys
this just makes me very nervous I hope
that Stacie's car is making it in then
Jason Stephanie are also on their way I
hope they're vegan going to not free
they sick
I mean she starts us stopping behind us
easy easy
we're gonna rip it
one first car coming
well it's
oh okay it's just cuz I'm driving
there's horses back there those horses
it's pretty much time for us to like
caught it you know say goodbye I do
farewell and get unpacked and settled
and just like just start this thing I'm
so excited
what I was trying to say is my friends
that's where we're gonna leave before
today appreciate you coming along with
us on our journey to the beach it's
gonna be exciting ride from here on up
so thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
