the boys xbox is on its last legs the
fans are super loud it barely plays
discs so it's time to get him a new one
but we gotta have a little fun with him
first I sent all the boys outside to
play in the pool so I could get
everything ready I set up the baby
monitor in the living room to catch the
boys when they tried to turn on their
Xbox and the only way I thought I could
pull this off is to make them think that
the Xbox was broken by pulling out the
HDMI cord in the back of the TV I'm
gonna see them try and figure out what's
wrong with this they're gonna come and
get me
and then I'm gonna suggest that we fix
it together for a video that makes sense
for the cameras to be out we're gonna
have pizza night why don't you guys go
inside get dried off and play some
minecraft until pizza gets here yeah
you'll get dried off go play some
three-player minecraft right no iPods
are off-limits no iPods are off-limits
for a while you guys play xbox okay all
right come on
not yet
ladies here dope right here these guys
are too smart they discovered the GoPro
and so I had to cover it up by saying I
was filming something
Eliza our line and now they're trying to
figure out the input so this is good
that they're they're getting discourage
like what's going on with the TV grass
Danny perfect here we go we're gonna
have to fix it right will you guys help
me we can make a cool video it won't
take long
what about you UN okay come here let's
do it high fives let's fix our Xbox yes
it's not working you know this it lights
up and it has the UM player symbol in
which none of those are coming up right
exactly
first things first like our friend
Tracey Russian hacker always says do you
resist safety is number one priority so
we're gonna need some safety goggles
before we do anything
and right keep and here we go all right
don't you think we need some tools where
do we go first
hold on let me see daddy's gonna you
just gotta put some pressure on it and
see that it's fine you see all the dust
that's probably our problem that's what
we're gonna have to take care of right
there don't worry I'm not okay yeah go
ahead and blow it all the dust so
basically what when you do is we need to
get inside these little cracks right
here and then with the screwdriver and
we'll get it we'll get it it's okay it's
okay that piece is supposed to come out
yeah yeah for sure let's start with our
screw gun that's just the front of it
it's fine we can yeah ready we got to
get in through this side right here
there's quite a few screws inside there
we got to get those out okay there's one
right here in the middle
it's true like in the ex-boss that's
what you're supposed to do I don't think
that's why this guy no it's just a
grinding already everyone got their
safety glasses on yeah we're gonna fix
it
it's gonna be fine you can just use a go
no glue or hot glue gun
well Harris
my man gone a little deeper but it's
okay okay never better
stay right there right complete this fix
once we do this the X Box is gonna be
ready I'm just trying to make this xbox
great again you know like they say make
youtube pretty good we're trying to make
this xbox crazy man keep those glasses
on you want to safety first with Aaron
on counter you got one two three just
the case let me try and really good it
open
I got a replacement part it's gonna make
that perfectly fine okay you trust me
paper there's a whole paper Factory in
there is Dunder Mifflin I have my
replacement parts I have my replacing
the part right here
Brendon way better than nothing
it's a replacement whoa check it out a
brand new Xbox look brand-new
and sure
I wanted to get rid of this one because
of all the times you have to delete game
files so you can make more room for your
money back whirls and all that this one
is a spot put your key text box to
delete anymore right got plenty of room
and set you up with mouths words so
you'll never run out of room again are
you still upset with me you still set
with me I can get them back what do you
think boys thumbs up this video
yeah awesome
