hey guys get away boys here we're gonna
show you guys tents super summer fun
toys with our special guest Dennis from
a few Frankie Tahoe what's up guys let's
start having fun oh no did your work
fiscal summer toy is the bubble burst
Wow what does it do this is a typical
way you play the bubbles we that's cool
it's three of them better than one so
you just hit this bubble button on the
back and watching dollars gonna go crazy
that's pretty cool so each one of these
little bubble holes dip into the soap
bucket here and the fan blows it up oh
nice
ah whoa do what is this thing why is the
water in there what does it do
it's an Arctic final pump what's it do
it fills up water moon so Oh wine you
put your bland on okay till it gets a
little tricky you have to pump Oh
awesome
I see the waters then take it like this
over down and then take that off and pop
it in there and then you just pull so
this next summer to it is called bunch
of balloons you get 100 water balloons
in 60 seconds that's crazy
really you just connect connect your
water belongs to those fill it alright
and make hundred the water balloons good
screwed on there Colin and so what do I
do I just look I just let go of the hose
here or where do I put this might to put
it inside there whoa I put up you know
water balloons are gonna pop whoa
there's fun so wha oh yeah oh whoa you
lost one holy crap that's so cool Wow oh
one water move
there's are a lot of balloons there down
so fast I think I ever made balloons
this fast before
alright guys this is called fun blaster
the way this works is you're gonna suck
up the water and you're gonna blast it
at a target
be right this one's cool it's easy and
super car holy crap
phone blasters are awesome summer toys
give this video a thumbs up if you agree
you don't have one yet go get one or
something that shoots like this is it
awesome
next up is the launcher by water hmm nah
these are my favorite let's try it out
okay
once you hold that side Carson you hold
this launch oh yeah you're gonna hold
out like that now let go look at that
boom what do you guys think of this one
so far yeah this is pretty cool how can
you not like the water balloon launcher
you know what else knew about the water
blue launcher what you can double it up
as a snowball launcher in the winter
time ready go simple word video one two
three four
haha alright this is a pretty cool
summer toy guys this is cold wet head
it's a game now like Russian Roulette
but with water so you're gonna fill this
little spot here with water we're using
the fun blaster to load it up and plug
it off now this game is kind of crazy
because each one of these sticks is what
keeps the water in but you spin it and
you pick one stick whoo I didn't get wet
you gotta wear the hat buckle it in put
the velcro spin it alright and then pick
out one random red stick see if it's
gonna get you wetter you're gonna stay
dry always dry alright
school oh yay oh no we're getting it
close oh man here we go to weigh in spin
spin spin random oh I lost man ah that's
crazy dad could you get what do you guys
think let us know in the comments below
about the Russian Roulette wet head so
this next Fun Center project you can do
is sidewalk pink whoa so let's make it
where I got it what's the first
ingredient cornstarch 2 tablespoon of
cornstarch ooh okay hmm do now you need
4 tablespoons of water ok
1 2 3 4 now you need 6 to 8 drops of
food coloring
I choose good - okay this is almost the
same ingredients to make Oobleck but
we'll save that for another video when
it looks like when it's ready now I got
our paint all mixed up let's go try it
out whoa these colors are pretty cool
dudes watch I'm gonna send up mine out
whoa that is awesome - well that's tan
or what does that wash off is easy to
come off yeah you can hose it off or
it'll get washed off by the green oh
cool okay
oh here
like family repeating it might be a
little bit too dry you might need to add
a little bit more water
have you had too much cornstarch or vice
versa but just play with your
consistency guys then you'll be able to
make the perfect blend for some awesome
sidewalk paint look I made a little
neighborhood let's give a little houses
beep beep beep beep it's awesome
the next song fun toy we have is a water
blob so the instructions are just pull
over now I've seen you guys make one of
these before but this one can get at the
store not quite as big as the one you
guys made but you guys think of this one
I think Eliza would love this this might
be a little bit too small for you boys
but for your little sister this is the
awesome summer front to it just oh cool
who wants to do a cannonball go Carson
terrible terrible man em pop it when
it's really hot outside like on a hot
summer day you can get a water blob and
lay on it and play on it and it keeps it
really really cool it feels like an ice
pack a giant ice pack this feels awesome
you can get a thing of soap and squirt
it all then you can use as a slippers oh
that's awesome a slip and slide water
blob let's do it so this next summer fun
toy is called sweat ball you just want
it up won't it come over you just smack
it
oh there's supposed to hit it to me like
this very catch it's like playing catch
but way cooler
yeah you got it now snack it then snack
this next one is a crazy cool flying
disc it's like a giant frisbee
superlight it should fly very far
cool summer fun toy go run check it out
who's gonna catch it
Oh goodbye summer fun toys that toy is
done so much crack summer fun toy now
it's called the dog summer fun toy a
great for pets alright guys let us know
what your favorite summer fun toy was in
the comments below please give this
video a thumbs up Carson what was your
favorite summer fun toy my favorite
summer fun toy was the water boiler
makers house mine - what about you -
launcher ice I have to agree the Carson
my favorite was the water green later
hey guys thanks for watching make sure
you check out how to prank it up it's
subscribe to our to do it now cool guys
that's awesome that's fun I guess we
gotta clean up the mess right yeah
alright so let me see you yes we can
start with the maybe picking up this
yeah looks like a liquid you sign yeah
