hey guys what's up welcome to our day
I'm tinkering with this bubble toy it's
it's not working and we need it for
today
yeah put new batteries in it I it's not
wet or anything I don't know what the
deal is we want to make some funny
videos today and it's gonna be involving
the boys we're doing a boys video boys
you ready
Colin you want to shoot a video today
okay Carson what about you you want to
shoot a video what about you Dennis oh
really
I mean minecraft fun and everything but
that's right the boys got their very
first collab today Oh Dennis Roady
you know Dennis Roady from how to break
it up everybody
pour it on it that's right guys so today
we're doing a two separate videos one
one with all of these videos include the
boys today so Dennis brought a bunch of
prank toys that he's going to review
with the boys and then for our channel I
think I'm not sure when we'll upload it
but the boys are gonna show you guys ten
really cool summer toys that you can
play with outside so it's film collab
day yet again with mr. Dennis Roady
and the Gil ways which is really cool I
got all the toys man look at you know
the wires all bent out of shape
nice I won ten bucks I'd rather not talk
about this right now then this is salty
he lost a bet to the kid I rigged the
game for me to win but yeah then this
has a trick ball you guys he puts a
little stool on the floor that has the
arch in it he says I'll bet you ten
bucks if you make this in you get ten
bucks you had to be there man yeah it
doesn't make sense on video but Dennis
lost the bet
to call him your job son he's a hustler
yeah before the babies cry and the
children of the house wake up because I
am diaper man here to save the day you
need all your chips he's an unknown
superhero
she doesn't like diaper man so we had to
come into town we finished our first
video for today
and I tweeted a while back that I had to
come up with this really good idea to
create the kids it was a really mean
prank kind of but it comes with a happy
ending so I feel like with Dennis here
in this imperfect we're filming videos
it's the perfect opportunity to go ahead
and pull the trigger on this prank so
well let me just show you what we're
getting so I have here a new Xbox 360
but when the voice currently play on is
I've had it since I started playing xbox
and it's on its last legs to be honest
and so we're gonna play a little prank
on the boys which involves pretty much
completely destroying that Xbox and then
they'll get this one link dennis is
still in the office taking care of
business in my office I mean
which is what are you doing you're
surrounded with golf carts and that's
pretty clever
all right chase
yeah this guy around with grocery carts
while there is shopping so in the future
I guess I know if you say you're going
to take a Dookie you're probably up to
something well I usually I do go poopy
yeah poor guy look at him he's all
sweaty I know it's hot outside man you
gonna have AC in this car the reason why
I wanted to take this car so I could do
what I did I didn't even think which I
just followed you hey we got a pool we
can throw you in it okay so we've got a
brand new bubble machine this is what we
went to Walmart for originally because
our old one is busted I don't know what
happened to it we must have left it
outside and it was damaged because of
rain maybe I don't know but if you
haven't seen these before
and I'm hoping echo doesn't see because
she will literally go berserk
pour some bubbles in here these things
are so cool
I'm telling you watch this is what you
can expect back ready ready are you
ready oh my gosh
easy girl no no no no we're not gonna
blow anymore
Wow you all right no you guys have seen
this in the vlogs before but we've tried
to choose a bunch of different toys for
this video that you know we think kids
really enjoy and this is one of them ton
of fun we're getting ready to shoot this
but we're waiting on some subs because
we're starving hard work today filming
well that's if you have a phone calling
yeah why you guys got to have a pool
break
I don't know what you've been up to
plotting against a man thanking oh you
keep it up you keep it up sir yeah the
girls brought us home some sandwiches so
we can finish filming our videos are you
are you staying home or what are you
know we have to go back to work another
job
hi guys good amber and I Aaron we got a
little something up our sleeve we're
headed back to her house right now
won't bring
come over else and our house
now
I'm a back there you will get a home
there long
I'll show ya
we are filling water balloons with
shaving cream we got the water balloons
and the shaving cream so then we're
gonna take them down to the house Dennis
and chase are outside filming with the
boys and we're just gonna Bob let's hope
it works that this is gonna be a pain in
the butt to train late maybe Liza does
not want me to put her down
come here this is why we're bad they're
gonna know we're gone too long
something's out moon I'm actually gonna
throw in Madison to see if it pops when
you throw it out of person already so it
bounces off the person and it does pop
when it hits the ground but it doesn't
splatter it just and then they're gonna
pick it up and try to chase it yeah
they're gonna pick it up and Liza to go
Blair it's just a balloon no water no
don't put it in your mouth all right I
just got a call from chase we have to go
back down we have plenty of water
balloons we got a few bags there so yeah
I'm gonna head down there and
but who's gonna I can't throw a water
balloons and film he's up in the fence
the eye of the camera chases going
around that way go through the garage go
what's going on she doesn't like she's a
little way are you okay what's going on
oh you made me bump heads with Liza that
wasn't nutty's I have zero ammunition
and a baby in my arms not nice
oh man the pool oh we're ready for
shaving cream or shaving cream water
balloon war are you shaving tonight I
already did this morning say shaving
cream for the thumbnail that was fun
right
I don't make us have to shave or
something feel like I need to share now
I got plenty of shaving cream tomorrow
Dennis found out pretty quickly what
it's like here at my house so busy here
yeah I'll watch your back
it's way better to watch there's a lot
more that goes into filming thank you
thank you for everything
would you playing with flies though you
playing with some paint you had a clover
no the four-leaf clover
yes no joke okay so I can't really take
a shower until I give echo a bath
because outside there was some kind of
dead animal and echo was rolling in it
so I have to give her a bath before she
can come in here this is all I got let's
hope it works
just water she likes that part
I hope you learned your lesson young
lady yeah let's make this quick huh it's
morning now good morning I just want to
make that quick because I've got a lot
of things to do today I'm trying to I
actually have to go with Dallas to be
his support for Court okay I don't even
take a shower and move on today I want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching huge shout out to Dennis for
coming and doing a collab videos with
the boys they had a lot of fun doing
that and it's something they don't get
to do very often and they definitely
learned something too all right so
that's where really before today guys
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
