it's like almost 6:00 in the morning I
don't ever get up this early
it's never too early for some eggs and
coffee right
we literally have less than one hour
before vitaliy flight leaves in the
forest 15 lives away they were gonna
make it not la oh my god I think you
made a do tell the couples ha ha ha oh
dude eyebrow it's been real thank you
you're welcome bro thank you safe flight
safe travels make the epicness
alright guys our short little trip is
over it's time to go home
yes usually to
to
and just like that we're back home hey
Carson hi baby Liza would you god you
guys jamming or what all right
Stan's like that oh okay okay listen
so Veronica's Veronica went to she's
doing the horse stuff today again Jay
calls me as I'm working on my video look
him over there Jay calls me says listen
I'm over here working on top of the RV
he says I don't know why but I just had
this deranged idea to mess with her so
basically Jay wants to wants me to call
Vicky and tell her that I saw him fall
off the camper all right all right here
goes nothing
I'm calling her right now
Vickey hurry go outside I think I just
saw Jay Paul off the camper he's on the
roof he was on the roof doing the air no
way hurry
hey it was his idea
it's his idea I'm literally hide behind
this little thing he called me and he
said I just had this deranged idea I was
like I love it
rental car returned you know today's the
perfect day if you look at these clouds
look at all these clouds today's a
perfect day to get one of those like
cloud time-lapse a really cool cloud
time-lapse
but yeah I got I got my sister behind me
she's taking me back we're gonna hang
out a little bit Shana doesn't she
doesn't appear in the vlogs very often
because she's busy I'm busy
we all need pretty busy lives but today
were gonna hang out a little bit just
like that cars returned everything's
good
let's get out of here it's cool here
that's because the air conditioning is
on track
okay so fast-forward to wherever headed
today today we're at the American Cancer
Society Society's Relay for Life and
Shauna says this thing how often do
these and so basically the Relay for
Life is an event for cancer or people
who have families suffering from cancer
or someone who eat themselves as cancer
Shauna was diagnosed with a form of
thyroid cancer in June you'll notice the
scar on her neck and she had to have
surgery to get part of that removed and
still has more to be removed and you
know we're just here showing support for
that and you know it's be you know and
you know just be there for but uh yeah
we're learning about what what all is
happening over here I guess there's
there's a teams of people who they sell
different items to raise money all the
proceeds go donated to the American
Cancer Society so it's a end the walk so
basically it depends on the site
anywhere from 12 to 18 hours we still do
24 hour
but it's so this event has just started
and so shortly all these people here
attending the event will start walking
they'll walk for upwards of 16 18 hours
this one is 15 so the mark for 18 hours
even at night even if it's raining it
doesn't matter we'll still be here
wow that's the thing trying to find a
cure for cancer seems like an
unimaginable feat when you have all
these people here together for the same
purpose you know what I mean it feels
like in your area code and it will tell
you if there's a really clear area or
trying to find a cure for cancer
American society and find a Relay for
Life
go check it out something that really
touched me just now was a mom had to
announce that her little baby she looks
like she's maybe what 2
diagnosed with leukemia three months ago
and we've got these delicious little
bites and what's funny as they serve it
with mustard
never had the mustard
careful careful do you always get
nervous
opening cars when someone's parked right
beside you park car doors I do I do I
gotta hold these flowers I literally
smashed four wonton tacos to the pretzel
beer cheese dip and a town steak and
know most of my sweet potatoes my other
side just wasn't those delicious fun a
little dinner full of deer and to be
honest I haven't seen Veronica yet today
when I came home she had to go away to
do the horse barn and some other stuff
and I miss her I haven't seen her yet so
we're gonna go and see my lady I wish
these were for her
risen I caught him stealing our Parmesan
cheese and dressy everyone's down here
having spaghetti so I thought I'd come
down here and give Veronica the flowers
I got I mean Shawna got her hi cutie hi
I got you something yeah it was from uh
it was uh it was from Shawna ha ha
there for you my love because I missed
you and Shawna gave them to me and said
I had given to you yeah that's where
flowers grow
amber know what you got like that my
girls look at these girls with their
hair up like that what they're little
they're some Barbie girls so Barbie born
I know you all need to chill out it
needs to be it needs to be movie night
for real I didn't get very much sleep
last night at all what I can tonight
guys look who's back home it's Madison
hey you know a lot of people were like
where's Madison there yeah Madison was
in North Carolina visiting her
girlfriend look at her hey good to have
you home anyways did you have fun look
at you playing volleyball
let's see your bump show it off oh my
goodness
set and the spike Oh volleyball is life
right oh here goes Liza potato what oh
yeah I got my shoes on you guys poor
life has got a wicked bad diaper rash
Veronica thinks it was from her having
orange juice yesterday so like orange
juice is highly acidic and so on the
bottom end she's experiencing some
redness you still smiling though baby
hmm it's bedtime for her I'm about to
lay her down alright guys so I had to
take a little break from the vlog and I
got a little bit bad news I don't know
if you can see lights flashing behind me
but it's it's time for some more Carrie
it's morning it's like 10 o'clock
morning so yeah basically we had so much
fun last night we stayed up really
really super late and I didn't get to
end the vlog and I didn't do anything
cool for a transition because well we
were just focused on having a lots and
lots of fun and lots of fun okay now is
the time for us to end today's video
because we have to move forward so yeah
that guys is where we're gonna leave you
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
