good morning guys welcome to the vlog
everyone enjoy breakfast mr. Batali's
digging our waitress the rain was
incredible this morning thank god that's
over
maybe we need to pill oh you did that
you okay guys so the morning is going
it's time for us to get out here and
start cracking out this video people
will be pranked come on dude let's go
they'll be pranked good so I'll be busy
for a few I'm gonna send you guys back
home to check in with Veronica and the
kids I'm sure they're having a lot of
fun hey guys hey you know you're calling
back home we do have a sponsor for
today's video and that is the app called
best fiends best fiends is a puzzle game
where you collect the fiends the the
characters yeah they have special powers
that help you beat the slugs you can
build a team with them I have been
playing this game for a while now and
I'm stuck and from Colin help me try and
beat this level do you have these beans
up here they're these little characters
that you make the matches to beat the
slugs and you have your goals over here
you have to get the
I am here on level this is level 98 and
I am stuck on it I'm really trying to
get to level 100 because this this fiend
gene right here this little green guy
right there yeah he has a special quest
that opens up at level 100 where you get
free gold and diamonds on July 10 do
they have a special giveaway so if you
download the app and open it on the 10th
you get a special gift we will leave a
link in the description make sure you
guys download the app it is free I'm on
level 98 you guys should download it
alright guys this is not open I have
changed
put on some cooler clothes but the hair
up I gotta go to the horse barn and
clean these guys are hanging out I guess
I'm leaving them in charge no the boys
are upstairs playing with Noah
Eliza's at my mom's and gonna go clean
and we have a special guest here with us
today
Amanda used to come with me Lots back
when I was young and we first got ninja
and it's been some number of years since
man that's been to a horse barn so we're
putting her to work
she's got boots on them boots them boots
we're actually making really really good
time with the three of us being here and
this stalls wasn't too bad there's a
couple horses gone away for the weekend
so you know those stalls were done which
I appreciate that but yeah we've got
they're working on this one we got one
more and we're out I got a feet or I got
a water and then then we'll be done I
mean yeah hi baby
Oh st. what you want to say hi let's say
hi st. ninja are you doing with boy huh
hey baby I'm gonna go get some fly spray
and spray you for floppies hi
I saw we're sitting here we're gonna
leave the barn and I go to turn on the
Jeep and it's dead
cuz I had turned it on to charge my
phone yes you did and I left it on too
long
obviously sonone jeeps dead Tessa has a
jump box like a portable charger so we
can use never used one before it's just
like jump in a car but it's not in
another car it's an already charged
device its wires and better as long as
you don't touch the two ends together
I've jumped a car before you hang yeah
plenty of times
we're gonna watch we're gonna watch you
gotta hold the camera in case I do get
knocked on the ground okay I couldn't
find the little
volt charger thing and they test and
then won't be home for like another hour
and I can't wait that long
so go J to the rescue
Thank You Jay
all right everybody I made it home am
exhausted
lots of work today I've been super busy
the past couple days but it is time for
me to hit the shower and try and get
some sleep
I'm sure Chase is still up so that's
about all for me tonight and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
welcome back to Kentucky guys we are
wrapping up this beautiful day that's
film Davis this prank this uh it was fun
vitaliy your thoughts what do you think
oh and I didn't even log it but Tom how
do you feel about getting set up like
that uh I felt I felt betrayed you guys
are my friends and my brothers and I
will kill you in your sleep surprised
he's not butthurt at all
that was actually pretty tricky though
those dudes were definitely raw for
doing that for us I was so sick it was
awesome
are you excited about this video at
dinner I know you're freaking out if
I'll get into workout
are you still gonna go oh yeah you can
lift me in like I'll let I can be your I
can be your weights
how much do you 820 145 ish
that's right guys we're back in another
restaurant we just had dinner it was
beautiful and out back again and we're
just kind of hanging out we we shared
some stories and games from experiences
advice and tips you know it's the kind
of things you do as creators as you
share your experiences and your advice
with each other to help each other grow
because that is very important first
it's our first
what did you throw it that's on the
kitchen grab me in the face bro oh yeah
I hope you got never got away oh my god
son it like it hurt
that was a good natural it's okay Tom
you're leaving you really leave it I'm
leaving I gotta get up and fly early in
the morning not fly but drive yeah well
yeah here's the thing Tom was actually
really lucky because tomorrow early in
the morning which is the unlucky part we
have to drive 11 hours to Hilton Head
South Carolina Hilton Head I'm jealous
actually I used to go to Morehead Mar
what they call it Morehead because of
you actually I saw the name boom but I
bones do don't miss you I'm gonna miss
you bring it in
we miss you Tom it was Thursday anyway I
want to say thank you for having us
thanks for being such a kind and
generous man like you always are and you
guys should definitely go subscribe to
Tom Tom it's made in America it's made
but America's like Abe with a M tell
something funny right now do it nice
shirt that's funny right
all right Tom's out of here we're
getting ready to leave should we mess
with us in any way it's almost like
leaving a note that says you know
pranking any day I mean that I'm down to
sell the computer you want to sell it
let's put it on Craigslist or to thank
you away Oh for the fans
I'll dude your generosity is killing me
all right guys
home sweet home is 141 in the morning
it's been a long long day but me
tomorrow you head out thank you for
inviting me thanks for having me you're
gonna want to
Arno's so yeah that guys is where we're
gonna leave before today this new prank
video will be up on Batali's channel
Sunday yep Sunday 10 a.m. Sunday at 10
a.m. so make sure you guys go check it
out
show all the love you can to Tom Mann
for being such a hospitable guest to
show us around Louisville and having
such a great time so that guys is where
we are gonna leave for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching okay
what you see you right back here
tomorrow well not here but yeah back
home
