we didn't wake up as early as we wanted
to it's currently like nude but Batali's
up he's finished she's in the shower and
we'll leave it get some breakfast and go
lunch it's lunchtime we think of this
shirt by the way
check out that leathers have awesome if
you're interested in getting a legends
of Awesomeness up at my website the link
is down in the description it's cam 15
Mediacom Fort slash merch we do have a
new website in the works and it's it's
like we're still trying to like I don't
know
figure out exactly how these videos
should be made we got a lot of feedback
from the very first video and so I
decided to make a couple changes to the
format alright enough of that I need to
I need to get my gear together and it's
time to go where is everybody
Tommy brain tape downtown it is hot
holy cow breakfast time Tom you said
this is the best place around right now
what it is it is
if you're ever in Kentucky you have a
chance to build a Walmart go because
treat yourself treat yourself
Walmart or first watch I'll show you I'm
sure we get you know me I'm typical eggs
medium over medium with Tabasco sauce
you like that fresh water jugs over
medium fast with Tabasco I got to have
eggs with Tabasco it's my favorite thing
just let your mouth water a bit and look
I made sure this was going to come with
real maple syrup this one's dark that I
will say this breakfast was delicious
and for first being introduced to real
maple syrup the amber I had the dark was
okay but the amber was totally better
I took a poop of grown man be proud of
Jason like a lot of you in that place in
there oh this is perfect Tom's out of
the office look there I am right there
Tom's outside talking to somebody we're
gonna see him coming in right here I'm
gonna set the camera down and scare him
using his own security camera look at
Toms this is no joke serious Elektra you
need a phone to video how to make it we
had it taken apart to charge it because
yeah that's very kind of a special build
but Sally just held it know it's custom
yeah how did it feel that good zap
that's a little zipper write it all down
and Tom turned it way down so it's only
like 20% of its full capacity do it so
we're downtown Louisville and it's hot
here's the thing guys let me tell you
something looking forward you may think
that becoming really really big on
YouTube it's it's it's fun it's easy all
that but in fact I feel bad for you
because it's made him filming these
videos even more difficult because so
many people like recognize you
they're like I just had a guy drive by
and he was like no but we're trying to
get ya which are trying to film a Frank
and in the middle of Frank oh you're
that guy you're that guy you're like
yeah it's not a bad thing but it's
definitely getting hard yeah yeah so
we're trying and we've got some weather
moving in so we make it shut down and
you know that you didn't have yeah went
through that
now seems to be probably the most
opportune moment to have a bite every
guru guru you know laughs ooh what is it
all my favorite places to go out
yeah this is Veronica's favorite spot
right here she likes I'm here in the
spot here yeah between you and me
Oh Qaddafi the rain is gone we've killed
just enough time now you want to go what
workout pump some Iram all right this is
about to be fun yes it is y-yes sir
nice what's your name I'm Tony are you
in charge of the track uh yeah the
safety coordinator making sure not on
the jack-of-all-trades
okay I like that all right so these are
junior cars right these aren't the fast
ones still quick these these little guys
are fish dude we are doing this with the
boys when we get home for sure I don't
know of a track like this around where
we live but we're doing this that's it
here we go
I wonder if I'd be you Tom I wonder if
everything I was trying to catch you
guys the whole time you got $25 point
for lesson Josh you looked in boys beat
you I don't know what all this means but
a second Oh a second yeah you can
numbers me now second Josh you are the
winner we give the victory to you first
play you beat him
Wow I don't do the new track I'm married
to the old track this is my worst time
no this is a new track well I'll tell
you what guys if you're in Kentucky area
go find this place bluegrass indoor
karting there's a lot of fun
and those karts are we're back at the
office
Natalia's back tally how was your
workout great fantastic listen this guy
first of all a fatality is more weirdest
actor than I've ever seen and he does
nothing but complain about it because
he's too buck I guess hot
yeah you're a cop Maureen I guess you're
never happy with results like from from
other persons like you're looking at wow
he's a good-looking guy but like when
you even if I was the mole did you
realize ripest ripest ripest ever why do
you
here you will yes now that's a good set
of Italian seed let me be free what do
you think about that time you can you
work with it he's not only Tom F great
frankly he's got a freaking got the
voice of a god
Hayes guitar like freakin like freaking
Elvis Presley I mean look at that he's
got all the jobs he's good-looking we're
back in the restaurant like Italians
like more food more food I don't blame
you though you just work out so you
gotta refill the menu getting that's
your that's your dinner I'm not hungry I
had a steak not long ago
Tom's over here doing magic tricks we
got yeah let's see it
Oh chicky look at Tom still in there
Tom's still in there just sitting poor
guy he's tired from today Tom did a lot
the go-karts totally were he should have
seen Tom when he got out said you guys
want you would have had so much fun bro
Josh his son amazing he did the fastest
time he'd ever done tonight at that
track he did like a 24 track 24 second
per lap and I did 25 Oh
but yeah it's definitely it's 11:30 yeah
it's time to go home all right guys so
it's that time again we've reached the
end of the day and I kind of just want
to leave you with this I've seen so much
really really really unsettling things
on the Internet today about the world
and the things that are happening and I
just wanna I just want to leave you guys
with the notion that we should work
together to be part of the solution and
not the problem and it's really sad the
things that are going on right now so
prayers to all the families affected
with all the recent events and I just
we're better than this you know and it
sucks to see this stuff going on so
pretty sure you guys know what I'm
talking about if you haven't checked
Twitter and all the headlines it's just
crazy stuff so so yeah that guys is
where we will leave for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you ever wanna
arrive back here
