hey guys welcome to the vlog today we're
coming at you this is a day of work have
you been glad you're joining us look the
kids are in here enjoying our our new
space here you guys do you think this
just for riding bikes
what are you what are you showing me
anyways oh and oh yes we're getting some
work done today it's been really rainy
the past couple days and we've got some
yard work to take care of Veronica's
actually back here
you're doing good she believed she
wanted to mow
Nellie
so while Veronica's out there cutting
grass I'm getting ready to kill it the
driveway and a lot of the gravel areas
just like every time of year anyways
this time of year every year the grass
and the driveway starts to over grow and
we just have to we have to just spray it
with this this roundup stuff weed and
grass killer and that's lucky for me I'm
fortunate enough to have these boys out
here with nothing to do Oh Caleb you
gonna you're gonna help me help me spray
some stuff deuce your summer this guy's
the straight-up GL of it
alright so what we gotta take all these
little toys out here so I can spray all
that plant stuff
my sprayer is not working there's this
so the valve inside inside this thing
has this little piece right and there's
this little o-ring here and there's an
o-ring here this one doesn't seem to
want to slide or rebound very well so I
can't spray without that so I'm gonna
have to go get a part so I could finish
the job this is the story of my life but
we're gonna get it done no worries okay
so our our quest to find this little
part which I'm pretty sure you could
have already guessed there's no way
you're gonna find this in a store so
we're just gonna have to get a new one
this guy it's it's a little one it's
only a one gallon ten bucks
there do the job all right this one's a
little bit I mean look this one is a
little bit smaller but it'll do the
trick let's see oh you want to play ball
huh look here's an angel update angel is
actually starting to stand on it a
little more but you can tell it's
definitely not fully healed and there
isn't a ton of swelling
let's see girl there's no ton of
swelling or there's actually no
superficial marks that suggests that
you know it's it's been cut or she's
been stung or something I don't know
it's really weird we're trying to really
keep her easy on it long girl yeah and
and today's been really good so she's
been putting pressure on today and she
hasn't really whimpered when I put any
pressure on it so we're gonna give it
one more day and if it's still really
bothering never we're gonna take her to
the vet give me kiss
give me kiss oh that's my thing is she
still really really wants to play with
echo so her spirits are good she just
she I think she stubbed her toe or
something honestly the problem is I
can't park in my garage both of our
vehicles like we used to so I'm gonna
take all of this stuff I'm actually
thinking about repurposing that carpet
there to put in the office area maybe
but a lot of this stuff that really
doesn't need to be in here we're gonna
take out of here and put it into the
building on the far right side I'm going
to move this frigerator over there by my
desk or bench and that freezer that
freezers got to go did you have a good
nap sweetheart I would oh you're so cute
I dress there deep does this match or no
I feel like it doesn't match tell me
tell me in the comments really mess up
or what so we're gonna take this out of
here anyways and put over there just so
it's out of out of here it's heavy
all right they even film us moving that
was actually kind of funny these tires
on this dolly er what
they're so flat fridge snoot good work
thanks for your help sir now it's time
to go down Amber's and eat you're gonna
take a little break for food okay heart
is scared enough that Caleb's driving
you're a good driver no you're great
you're awesome you're perfect puddles
puddles my I'm dead sound getting all
this stuff I want to get done today
because later tonight I plan on doing
some editing and I know it seems like
Gil like I know it seems like Gil you've
literally been working on this all day
but the first half of the day it
literally before
it was rainy as awful so this guy opened
up and we started getting some done it
was good but you got a break to eat so
you know amber we made food last night
so tonight you're making food that's
awesome
we're having chicken fajitas chicken
fajitas do you say fajitas or fajitas
fajitas for feet he does look at
these girls just sitting here a couple
little birds on a stoop look at me I'm a
bird I'm a red shirt and I'm a bird in
my strapping shirt and there's Liza this
is a bird training right here this is
the old bird training you like my crop
nope
dinner was delicious thank you so much
now Caleb and myself we're gonna go
finish what we started
you're gonna break my bro you surround
the water bottle challenge make it
happen right there make it happen
knock on the fail city I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you oh and get you ahh
look look Liza it's a mushroom see that
see that mushroom oh that's a mushroom
yeah Matt's room mushroom yeah see then
I let me kiss then I not be bigger no
Danny's got to work I'm determined this
is good finish tonight I'm pulling both
of my vehicles in here tonight like I
said it's been a while
it's been a while hey does anybody know
what you can put on your concrete to get
rid of these oil stains they've been
there for a long time and I don't know
what to put is it bleach is there some
other kind of chemical it's an acid I
want to get this war back to looking
spotless sorry it's so far in the video
today it's literally just been me
tidying things up and getting things
organized this holiday weekend had us
spread thin one final step for today
guys
so that's it
the garage is cleaned we're finishing up
the last of the the chores for the day
which was getting rid of all the
cardboard we had left boom boom she's
all gone good work today Kaelin yeah I
owe you one
wherever you want dude get some dancing
girls were cupcakes now I'm just kidding
guys you know that saying on TV cos
parents who host lose the most so uh
sorry bro you got a few more years to
wait I know this might see simple guys
but listen I'm super proud right now
because both of my cars are parked in
the garage
and you're just funny like as you like
live in your space and you get
comfortable and you start like
accumulating things it's funny how like
you run out you run out of space and I
don't know it's just kind of simple that
I'm stoked I can get my cars in my
garage
but yeah tomorrow we're gonna be working
on hopefully I want to go and get the
two-by-fours then he want you to buy for
12 foots to start studying off that wall
on the office and that I'm very excited
about but for right now more excited
about this cup of coffee what are you
guys playing playing Halo 3 because as
you guys know on Wednesday nights we
stream live on Twitch so if you care to
join us we're gonna be playing halo
tonight cuz I definitely go get some new
updates that the livestream I wanted to
play and we didn't get to so come hang
out we're gonna be trying some new
things we're gonna be kind of
transforming the live streams into like
kind of like a talking like a talking
show I don't know how to say is we're
gonna we're gonna try and like talk
about issues while we're streaming is
that
just me playing games and you know you
guys I feel like we should give it a
greater purpose and talk about different
topics so it'd be really awesome if you
guys would join us it's twitch TV
forward slash Gilroy gaming up put it
right here and yeah it's time for
breakfast so I'm out here in the garage
again getting ready to take measurements
to figure out how many two-by-fours I
need to set up this wall
the insulation because I want to
insulate this place so I can either put
an air conditioner in here or eventually
a furnace so I can make sure I'm out
here all the time around the year pretty
sure your studs are supposed to be 14 to
16 inches apart so like you can fit the
rolled insulation in between them I know
today's vlog was pretty much just me
doing a bunch of stuff around the house
but that's something that like I
struggle with I I tend to put things off
that need to be done around the house
because I feel like you may not be
interested to watch it or it's boring or
whatever but I felt like you know what I
need to move past that because this is
my life and it's it's a similar
circumstance for a lot of you out there
you all do this kind of stuff cleaning
or whatever you have to keep maintaining
your spaces and I think that could be
the positive message for today and that
is to declutter your space to help you
feel more focused and motivated
eventually we're gonna take and set up
this wall and then we have to drywall
all of this so that's gonna be quite a
bit of work and I do believe my good man
Seth met Mitchell set the wetzel will be
coming to give me a hand with that
impossibly Scottie so that's that's
gonna be fun project but that guys is
where we are gonna leave before today I
want to say thank you so much for
watching and hanging out with us whether
they're fun vlogs or kind of not so cool
more fun at all so thank you guys so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here
