what's up guys welcome to camp they're
young for the dog we've got all the dogs
here which is pretty it's actually been
pretty incredibly difficult to keep them
all out of each other's way I don't know
they living getting along for the most
part but they're all playing having tons
of fun I gotta tell you what it's kinda
chilly today if you're squeamish look
away right now you've been warned
Dan's here so Dan Dan's filleting a
little fish trying to you're eating what
you caught that's the way right there I
need a bag for the this guard this
garden this movie bag that's a little
that's a little bit of you got like 25
fishing all right Colin you're gonna
have fish tonight so we got Dan over
there playing fish we're gonna get this
fire started it is like I said pretty
chilly the high today was only 75
maximum and later tonight we have rain
coming in so kind of a bummer but
surprise she's special
triple dog triple dog dare you put him
in your mouth
she's literally playing with fish guts
and watch the fire Liza look at her
she's just like wait fire but now is not
the time for a fire it's the perfect
time for fire look jordans you're
wearing a sweatshirt see that's why we
have a fire you go by the fire you get
one you can drink some red Bull I'm
kidding
you can't drink red Bull oh look calling
in lies are going to adventure together
keep her safe son okay
have fun sweetheart so we've spent most
of the weekend out here aside from going
to the fireworks last night a lot of fun
however it is it is Vicky's birthday at
midnight tonight it would be Vicky's
birthday and she's already stated she
wants all her girls in here to get tipsy
so I'm in charge of the kids tonight
it's time to do some fun activities
we can do over camping right in the golf
cart through the woods
well look who showed up about the toy Oh
Roman brought something that finally
Ecco can't keep up with
she got me on the long game though
what's good echo the she'll chase it but
she won't attack it
she'll never bite it you can also play
cornhole
okay oh they're over there singing
karaoke I actually brought my guitar
I need to restring it though
because these strings are kind of worn
for me restringing takes ten minutes
just as I got my guitar tuned it's
starting to rain I mean we're all trying
to sit by the fire but I don't like a
target get wet I'll ruin it
Lizzy you ready go and go bad it's time
to let the adults play yeah when that
blue light comes on you know he's trying
to let the adults play Roman I think you
have a whole city out here yeah this is
next level okay well this one came the
day after it those day two that's what's
in another week you have old city go get
you a camera bris guys hey good hanging
out good to see him yeah I recorded it
yeah so again I'm bringing Eliza in the
kids home so that Veronica and her mom
and Amber can have some girl fund what
are you having a stinky so yeah I gotta
live it to bed and look we got all the
boys home
we brought the boys home we're having a
game night the girls are out there
having fun so we're doing we're doing
game night in here we can party when you
want drink some beers and drink some
root beers here man I got the perfect
beer for you right here listen the
battery is flashing
I could totally plug it in to charge but
what we should do is a little bit of
magic eye boys you guys like the magic
you like the magic
Cameron likes the magic cards you like
the magic right
do you like the toes on your belly good
morning everyone
you didn't hear oh oh
guys I have some bad news angel come
here angel she's limping on her back leg
poor thing I don't know what happened
yesterday and happened while I was gone
here lay down it's okay lay down one
heard this toe right here Oh echo this
toe right here I think she broke it I'm
not exactly sure what happened but if I
give it any pressure she whimpers and I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to do about it I assume we probably
should take her to the vet and have it
looked at but well it kinda reminds me
of like as a human if we break a finger
or a toe and you go to the ER they
literally tape it up or put like one of
those like splint on it to keep it from
bending and stuff but I don't know I'll
have to contact the vet and see what's
going on poor thing she's definitely
yeah she's good you were smelling you
like smelling mm poor angel and I we got
Scotty in here hanging out with all Gil
what it is how you feeling fresh today
you feeling good yeah dark and gloomy
out today yeah I feel like it's gonna be
like this all day to worse yeah look at
our cantaloupe look at that dude that's
awesome Veronica play into that not that
long ago and it's going crazy we need to
put something up there those vines can
grow on all ice is down for a nap
Veronica is actually gone to take care
of the horses you know
secure the horses three days a week in
today's one of those days even though
it's the fourth of July I want to wish
you guys all a very very happy holiday
happy Independence Day unfortunately
it's gonna be rainy so there really
isn't gonna be any more fireworks if you
do want to see the fireworks that I flew
the drone around to capture I will link
it above you guys definitely go check
that out turn out really really cool and
yeah that's all we've got for you guys
today I'm gonna leave you right here
thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
