what up guys welcome to the vlog today
we're starting a little late had to
recover from last this isn't your ear
candle I had to recover a little bit of
rest from last night as you know if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog we went
camping Eliza was very difficult and
slept on my chest all night so I'm here
at Scotty's mom's there's Scottie right
here supposed to say hey yeah so
fireworks is tonight and my grand plan
is to get some really cool aerial
footage of the fireworks and before I do
I need to set up my drone and see if I
can't turn off the LEDs I'm pretty sure
you can and just like that guys we've
worked over to my mom's house where are
we meeting with Veronica amber we're
going to see the fireworks tonight here
in town and yeah I just had to make a
quick kind of friendly stop over at
Scotty's so he came over for dinner and
look with this we got fruit so we got
fruits and chips and fruits and cheese
and pasta salad and Emily no we're
eating some food before we go to the
fire so you guys excited for the
fireworks we bought we bought big neon
glows remember last year and we tried to
do the sparklers do you remember when we
tried to do the sparklers they told us
we couldn't we bought I swear the last
time we went to this specific fireworks
they told us we weren't allowed to use
sparklers inside the park because
there's some kind yeah the people
walking around be like no you can't have
firearms in the park glow sticks and all
that stuff they walked away yeah what
we're gonna do we're gonna do a little
better we're flying the drone to capture
the fireworks tonight are you guys
always wondered like we're Dallas lives
and dad's gonna be so wigged out when he
sees this video ah super dark in here
Dallas you're gonna get some new light
bulbs you've only got two dude let's go
you need some more light bulbs but the
reason I'm up here is because
tonight I've heard of fireworks it's
gonna be quite chilly I know it's hard
to see me but I don't I didn't bring a
sweatshirt so I'm literally doing the
brother thing and raiding Dallas's
closet for a swag little hoodie if there
is one chases we need more gun footage
handle the bog footage oh the blocker to
cover Ivan oh yeah I don't know what I'm
walking we're just going up town to get
hopefully we can get a good parking spot
we don't have to walk miles mile please
Parkin and yet fireworks yeah fireworks
mmm Liza can you say yeah can you say hi
do you say fireworks
my gosh why could you just dart out
there you dummy so check it out I had to
pre set up my drone so that it's ready
to go when it's time I don't have to
really kind of fiddle with putting it
together in the dark
ver√≥nica n-- amber and everyone already
went in but it's so cool because I
literally have this this spot right here
where there's gravel I can launch fly to
the backside of the the festival or
celebration I guess where there's no
people trying to keep in mind all the
different safety things and get the
coolest fireworks footage Elba would you
God would you yeah where's your glow
stick mom Oh
everyone's here this place is getting
packed everyone's got their glow sticks
you guys ready for fireworks
Oh get a glow stick what are you wait
dude go on get one I'm getting ready to
go and do a test pass on the drone to
see how my range
these are Gabby
these are Gabby's friends
we're just sitting here waiting for the
fireworks to start playing with
ballistics Gators I don't know neither
know
if a free society and on health the many
who are for it cannot say that you
worried the nose agent who would make
themselves our adversary we offer not a
place but a request that both eyes begin
anew the quest for people and so my
fellow America and not what your country
can do for you and what you
how was the show I felt like I even got
the rings of Inspiron oh yeah Colin
how'd you enjoy it amber did you enjoy
your first fireworks here in Ohio
yeah all right now we gotta fight this
crowd to get out these people all these
people people for miles walking out of
us place hey we're getting out here look
at this maybe we're not getting out of
here this is nuts
look at my dirty windshield it's bad and
look at this one right here dang we
found a super nice lady list right out
um thank you sir
bye bye now I know I see the stop lights
here we go
these people
what you got Liza hey you got a baby
lightsaber that's what that is that's a
ball that's a baby lightsaber
actually that's a yoda and that's a
Master Yoda color house come all our
activities past couple days have been
like at night it's not me I didn't fart
like I said we seem to be really doing
anything at night for the past couple
days but I'm just arriving back to the
campsite and I really don't I'm not
interested in doing the same thing we
did last night with Eliza which was
Eliza literally slept on my chest all
night so look this is camp it current
situation everyone is like Dundee and it
is 11:44 p.m. allies is currently asleep
in the Jeep and we're not gonna struggle
with her again tonight I'm gonna take
her home so she can go to sleep and then
tomorrow was going to thanks it wasn't
me well it's fishing day everyone's out
here fish in allies going home got
plenty of sleep however she did cry the
whole way home because I opened the door
and look her up
but uh yeah was that it was good though
she as soon as she got in her bed she
was puck lovely but I yeah everyone's
fishing and I brought the dogs and angel
took off back to camp so I got it I got
a go catch her good morning honey
good morning
yeah afternoon 7:00 p.m. is what I meant
this is how you keep echo in line she
loves her frizzy look she'll follow it
no matter where I go that's a good girl
so when the other dogs are getting out
of control you pull out the frisbee and
echo is automatically obedient good girl
fit good girl bad throw all right guys
so I got to get working on the edit here
back at camp another day on the campsite
we're gonna do a lot of food we're gonna
do fishing and we're gonna do some fun
stuff today so don't you go anywhere I
hope you guys enjoyed the fireworks
I think today's vlog might be a little
short but I do apologize it's kind of
crazy writing but thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here
