one more day they were on our way what's
up guys welcome to the vlog today it's
just one more day until we go on
vacation pretty stoked well we got
little drone big drone it's time to work
oh and we're here at this beautiful
hotel here it's actually one of the
smallest hotels in our area but we got
some friends in town I want you guys to
see it so Dee what's here in the flush
in Ohio and we've got Alex and Zack
that's my bad and audio Mike is back
Odie was like I got something for you
go back story when we were in Rochester
I forgot my belt for the day and
literally used gaff tape rolled together
to make a makeshift belt Odie brings me
this it's you know we should put it in a
bag dude so it's always with us in case
I forget it it's there it goes in like
this like that
no more gaff tape did you get like you
know slide down a rope like this
probably lose it for the pants okay in
the last case scenario but yeah we're
fact yeah we're back crews the crews
here we're doing some fun stuff today
okay so we got well if we're here to
work we got gear to use and I wanted to
show you guys this setup look at all
this Oh Katie oh my gosh
Odie so for those who don't know why
sony fs7
well sony fs7 is very versatile he does
well in low light but it also shoots in
a beautiful s log 2 & 3 hmm I have a fs7
mark to which an awesome ND variable
filter lets you kind of see right here
it's a new new addition to this body and
I don't think any other cameras have it
it's a beast it's huge whoa you're ready
for action you're gonna film anything go
go
that's our gear today we're getting
ready to rock we're gonna do something
super fun you gotta see this Odie's got
this it's a motion slider okay and this
box right here controls this camera pans
it and tilts it you can set how many
points you want for your track and you
put it obviously you gotta set your
track on these tripods I know this is a
little technical but all your gear nerds
would love this this thing is super cool
and it creates the most amazing looking
time-lapse shots with motion it's
amazing oh yeah hanging dude this is
like hanging upside down this is so rad
and this is our stump for the day look
at this bad boy
where's your name I'm an atom with
motosurf atom with motosurf brought this
incredible piece of gear right here
well we'll show you a little bit more on
that later but pretty much a surfboard
with the jet engine in the bottom of it
it actually uses an actuator so its uses
the I just turn it on my wrist that's so
cool
but this was their prototype so now they
have another version out but I still
love this setup so every time it stops
its gonna take a photo it's gonna move
take a photo move take a photo move take
a photo right yeah and we're just kind
of going through to see what the moves
would look like and see where we need to
reinforce it right you stand up a little
better okay probably doesn't make sense
to show you what like all the setup does
and everything so why don't I just show
you what the shot looks like
so I was gonna wait until after we were
completely done with filming for the day
but Roman just was like you should get
on this part I'm getting ready for
vacation dude aren't you gonna like miss
me while I'm gonna miss you for many
reasons okay one hey I'm about to ride
that oh you are yeah Romans peer
pressure man alright floats you don't
want it I just want to see
I'm not sure if I'm gonna do that well
either dude
keeping head on or maybe I shouldn't
wear the hat
I lost mine like 10 times
let's see it Gilly Gil
you tell them that you broke it and you
can't drive it cuz it's broke this
here's the story this guy right here he
ran all the batteries out it's your
fault
od there's no I could have been great on
that and now now I'm going to the beach
oh well and you're gonna be left me wet
big that has gas Ian's battery when he
retires oh yeah so after Odie's run it's
it's dead no you don't want to
experience everything in life when you
get back from vacation you'll have one
oh no no bad I didn't get to ride the
board so he brought this guy for me I
can't believe you're letting me do that
listen it's gonna make me feel better
you think you like you like you like the
doctor yeah I did as the owner let you
understand that don't you pain which you
couldn't know it was painful I I was
ready to go dude I put the thing in it
was the five-second countdown the motor
start to turn and then and then it goes
so I didn't get to ride the sweet
awesome jet-powered board but it's it's
all good because I do get to go on
vacation super excited for that we're
gonna go home right now
then I'll see you when I get back dude I
got it gotta go I gotta go bro yeah for
sure
okay
okay
are we taking all that this is a problem
we have every time we go to the Outer
Banks it's like I don't know if it's
really a problem but Veronica feels like
she has to take every piece of clothing
or at least sort through every piece of
clothing to decide what she wants to
take this is what we got to do to night
we have to do it tonight we're super
last minute which you guys know this we
leave tomorrow so we got to pack all our
clothes literally just gonna throw some
of these not all of them into that
suitcase we're gonna be out of here in
the morning check this out I'm packing
light for this trip
here's what we're going with the drone
the Osmo which is super cool for like
social posts a little little travel
tripod I'm taking the spark and then the
gh4 and some accessories chargers all
that stuff but it's like you never know
what you're gonna do down there and this
time like I want to take a super chill I
really want to like focus on the family
and stuff because we do have another
excursion in a couple months it's gonna
be really out of this world and I can't
wait to bring you guys along for that
that's what I'm gonna leave you for
today guys thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here next time
you
