what up welcome to the vlog we're going
camping but before we can we got to go
to the grocery and cruther with one
crowberries
wrong Kroger won't you go Kroger with me
mom oh absolutely awesome I see I get
spacebar key cuz grandmas ain't can turn
off here we go alright so yeah we're
going we're going Kroger in with mom Oh
mom are you coming with us camping
always have to call an uber okay don't
discriminate against this fruit mama she
just told me fun of this fruit and you
pick it up I found a fruit that says
ugly I don't know it says ugly ugly and
it's from Jamaica Mon oh she don't want
to
there's a literal crisis happening here
all right listen
listen I don't know if you've ever
noticed this or not but check this out
in a package of hot dogs there are 10
hot dogs right but in a package of hot
dog buns there's only 8 hot dog buns is
this a conspiracy or what oh I gotta
have one of them these ones
I'll bless her heart look at her she's
got the balloons and flowers I don't
think I mentioned maybe I did last
weekend but Vicky's birthday is Monday
before and she turns 50 how I shouldn't
say that
you gotta get candles I'm almost getting
50 candles
so this weekend's camping trip is to
celebrate Veronica's mom's birthday you
know for my mom we did like uh we did a
huge like carnival celebration at my
brother's house we had all kinds of
stuff like pie toss and beanbag darts
and face painting and it was just super
fun so Vicki wants to go camping so
that's what we're gonna do I'm pretty
sure that's not Veronica said yeah she
told us when we left you guys you need
to go to the store get what we need and
don't piddle fart around and I swear to
you it's been at least
yeah I guarantee we listen we came out
and we've been foraging for the for the
goods that we need for our camping trip
little farty okay I had to make a quick
transfer at the house mom was off to
home to some heating pad poor ol gal
yeah
it's time to go to the campsite so dude
you want to go camping
oh yeah here come up this is our own
private campsite look right here you
want fuel up right there you get the
fuel up you want to go fishing right
there you go fishing you want to drive
circles right here you where you drive
circling thing you need firewood yo we
got you firewood right there full squad
take a Noelle on that firewood I said we
weren't I do I think I tweeted earlier I
said we weren't we were camping but
we're not camping in the backyard again
in fact we actually move to bigger
backyard but it's pretty remote I mean
look yeah hey we got all the dogs oh my
gosh look at boom
Hayek oh this is nice right it's nice
it's nice Caleb take Caleb tell me it's
nice okay all right okay all right Caleb
oh look he's just going right in Diamond
pomegranate juice right I told him the
pomegranate juice is actually really
really good for you because of its
antioxidant properties I was like I
challenge you to taste it you don't like
it either take another big swig you got
you gotta really experience it just like
kind of one great look great yeah come
my column chart it start it's very tart
plum Gran's very tart you like that okay
take it easy it's gonna give you the
poops it was a prank
now you're gonna poop all over the place
right here playing cornhole again
breaking in the campsite look at
annalise.m Veronica sitting over there
check this out this is camping right
yeah boy we got that TV the Columbus's
fireworks is called red white and boom
is on tonight and I wish I was going to
be there I'm so dead set on
and some fireworks you're not into but
around to get some firework critic that
would be the spot like the most epic
spot but we gotta settle for TV this
year
it's insane actually if you've ever been
to Columbus and red white and boom for
four to five hours after the fireworks
done
it's gridlock you can't get out of it so
it's like if you go up there you better
be in a hotel or know somebody press
about to get a lot lighter chase about
to light this whoo look at you Jay's got
to like this big fire look at that thing
it's huge that's pretty big let's
breathe in mine Kat I'm soaked in
solvent oh wait what it's a corncob
soaked in solvent all I got to do is
light it shoving in something I just
shoved in there and it she says it'll
light oh okay let's see if it works
that's kind of cool oh you're on fire
yeah it's torch pretty well I'll say
that that's pretty cool that's how you
make it go faster
I'm trying to be yours in case you can't
see because it's so dark he's holding
beer and he's got flammable beer J is
drinking flammable whoa yeah
truly flammable look at it look at lies
a queen of the cornhole boards what are
you doing to be hard
we had to hope we had to put some
auxiliary lights up just so we can keep
playing if we're gonna win this time oh
no run feet get out of here oh here he
goes oh my gosh
Colin is actually getting better he's
starting to make it to the board come on
Colin oh nice
what are we doing guys Eliza's super
this is one of those inflatable air
mattresses Liza come here watch her face
good morning campers
did everyone sleep well last night
Wow did you get that baby at sleep was
pretty damn near impossible I ended up
sleeping with Eliza on my chest all
night long
how'd you sleep
what time do you go to bed what times
you go to bed by I laid down in the
camper back there with you and Liza
I couldn't go to sleep then I start
worrying about the kids out here in the
pants I have to come check on them and I
just fell asleep with that one oh my
goodness
how'd you see awesome awesome at least
someone did camp breakfast
everyone's getting on that bowl cereal
look at them taking us on a little
warning ride you okay back there
no breakfast got the baby
it's actually doing really well
oh oh oh we got us a dog back there
taking sharp curves in the golf cart at
top speed is never
you're a good dog she's followed us into
the woods to make sure nothing happens
your good girl she keeps yelling at us
okay let's go that way
lead the way Aiko whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa don't hit our dog son she's
pooping right in front of us why would
you do that echo you boys having a good
time camping yeah
was it an epic ride on the for the not
far well there's a golf cart there
riding a golf cart we're not gonna get
into much out here today because it is
the fourth of July celebration weekend
the Americas independence and so we have
to go watch fireworks we're gonna go
today to Scott and Lindsay's eat some
food and then later we're gonna go watch
the fireworks in the town that my
parents live in so it's gonna be fun I'm
putting in tech we're gonna leave in
here it says we're gonna come back okay
good call fire good call cheap all right
let's do this let's do this over here
all right guys so that is where we are
going to leave you for today thank you
for hanging out with us in our random
little camping adventure that's all I've
got for you today thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back era
