you
we're clearly at the hospital because
the sunny is getting ready to have her
baby and they are literally the doctors
in there right now there and literally
getting ready to push it out it's so
exciting
so happy birthday baby Jackson welcome
to the vlog
I'm gonna push all the way through it
first of all are you feeling I am it's
been crazy
introduce him what's in this is Jackson
just the middle name yet that's what
he's been doing all night Oh
congratulations bro
and sunny Thanks as you can imagine as a
woman who just gave birth
you know Sonny would prefer not to be on
camera but congratulations water one on
right now Ferro tell you trying to feel
her away no I think I'm giving this is
your baby
oh they're doing the footprint is 20
inches something 20 and 3/4 my son
what's a baby doing booby Jackson
you got a couple video buddy oh yeah I
like that
oh he doesn't mind I don't mind is he
liking this silly whatsit it's okay
baby's getting them a fee we're taking a
little lap yeah Chad yeah it's important
after you have a baby the dads kind of
yeah we kind of need to refocus like you
only need you two let's go this way
there was a little bit of a complication
with the umbilical cord as the baby was
being delivered it's just it just fell
apart
well he went to milk and just ripped
yeah and then it went to chaos mode and
then and then everything's fine and then
now we heard him cry everything's fine
it's so awesome
well prouder you did it was the I'm
proud so we decided to be appropriate
since we came here we got up early this
morning we found out this was happening
late last night got up early came to the
hospital I've been there for the
majority of the day that's why you
probably didn't see yesterday's vlog
closed until later this evening but
we're all famished so we're going to go
have some food good old Macs a nerve
I got you look at her acting out of line
you you're crumpling your paper Liza
she was abruptly what does this play or
not true yeah it's like better than my
head
I'll give you something she's not gonna
initiate look at that oh yeah I made it
funny Monaco tonight
she's making a ginormous mess she's
painting with food Oh God
ice cream for Sunday's look at him going
crazy decorating one on my shoulder I
know I am that's where I meant to be
getting it for gonna do what cream and
then everything will cream first look at
that look at them these are last first
what is this that looks spectacular dude
I just slammed the edit for yesterday's
vlog and Vera Veronica went inside take
a nap maybe less taken that I thought
I'd check on the pool and I want to tell
you guys I'm kind of embarrassed cuz it
was a clip a couple days ago I was out
here we were getting cinder blocks to
fix the four-wheeler and I passed by the
pool if I can find it I'll show you but
this pool was Green I'm talking green
green like kind of green you came it's
see-through and I think it was because
the night the kids were out here when we
had the water blob and all the soap and
stuff and the kids were jumping in and
out and going crazy but I was able to
get this here I'll show you I got this
like algae guard stuff and I put in
there
and it it cleared it up really well I
got the green out but I got to get the
dirt and the debris out of the bottom
somehow I don't even know but I'm trying
to rehab this pool I know I got to do
some of this this is a shock treatment
I'm supposed to shock your pool at least
once a week based on the instructions
and the level is quite low actually Oh
here's a football ready we're back here
playing football with the dogs the dogs
are just chasing it chasing it echoes
the only one I can keep up get it echo
look at her man she's so fast
I just got some really good news and I
can't wait to show you guys I can't show
you over here I gotta show you over
there okay so the super cool surprise is
you guys know that this building out
here has been in limbo for quite some
time but it is fully clear well mostly
and all mine well this dude is baby I
told you before I don't have the power
on because there's a live lead right
here so so yeah so basically what I want
to do is I want to turn this into like
Gilroy Media headquarters okay this part
over here is all going to be like studio
and then see where this line goes over
all that stuff I want to be office and
workspace very very difficult for me to
be in the home space and get things done
certain things anyways editing Tom I'm
the kind of person who needs like peace
and quiet so that I can completely
concentrate on what I'm working on so
this building is going to give me
exactly that Oh careful the rugs come
here all right there you go
careful the first step the most
important thing for me to do is to build
a wall that goes all the way over and
then Jim actually left me 30 sheets of
drywall to use to square off this room
and
it's um I'm so stoked I came and I can't
explain how excited I am right now so
this will be something that I'm working
on over the next couple of months are
you serious I'm gonna miss you again I
thought we're gonna stay up all night
and play video games yeah oh just
kidding
have fun I'll see you tomorrow
Oh Oh still get love from the board love
you
Wise's got the cuddles come here angel
why isn't one to pet you there's the
angel hearing items they do this angels
I know oh that's the cutest thing oh
there's too much love in this house you
guys how do we fit it all inside these
walls
No Oh echo you just don't stop do you
good oh girl
um the beginning of the vlog started a
little later than typical you saw
started at the hospital but it was a
long wait waiting for the baby and sunny
and Chad everyone's good like we said
earlier there's a bit of a complication
and a moment where we were all you know
we heard them call a code pink at 2:04
which was her room and we all kind of
freaked out like no one knew what was
happening and I was like one of those
scary moments and we've been there
when Carson was born it was a emergency
c-section because he had his cord
prolapse so that means the umbilical
cord comes out before the baby pinching
off the oxygen supply blood supply stuff
like that so it's so scary stuff have
that like that happens but thankfully no
no no no baby's good Sunny's good
Chad's good and aside sleep I don't know
yeah
sleep brush we got a new member of the
family such a cool day
looks like it's gonna be a wet morning
my gosh is poori
at least we need the ring that's for
sure I was tired leg down to watch a
movie in I fell asleep so that is where
we're going to leave you forward today I
want to say thank you guys so much for
coming along with us on this amazing
journey we have a new Gilroy it's a set
it's another addition to our family and
it's pretty exciting so super huge
congrats Sonny and Chad thank you guys
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back here
