hi guys what's up
you're hanging out here's Mary on bus
today me and Lindsay and oh yeah
there's much kids running around here
today we're just having a full day when
the kids play house so much adult girl
time right and lunch is served we had to
get two french fries of course I made
the chicken dip all kinds of chips
snacks more kids all these kiddos in
there eating lunch
let's see an iron here trying to get
miss Eliza to take a nap look but she
can put her foot all the way up on the
edge of this pack and play I don't think
she can actually get out she doesn't
have enough strength to get her whole
body over that yet but look at her she's
like she's gonna be a little dim nest
and Lindsay's helping me put a movie in
for her I was laying here on the floor
almost asleep wasn't trying to get her
lay down he needs to get used to
sleeping in her pack and play when we're
not at home is your do they'll mess
fixing it
well Liza's nap didn't go so well she
didn't want to lay in there and take a
nap so she's all here helping the window
guy when she's having her slider door
fixed hopefully hopefully or looked at
seeing what's going on with it cuz it's
just really hard to push or pull so
Liza's got a screwdriver she's helping
him
Oh circles are over in the pool Oh
either have a slider or a new spider
where's the bug Liza where's the bug
he's a buggy even eat it oh I have a
sleeping baby fine no way
how do I sit here and hold her or joyed
transfer to attack them away she needs
these two sleeping and that can play
we're gonna swim for a little while for
voice and I'm going to take the monitor
up to the pool deck and plugging them in
up there so I can keep checking on how's
the feel guys how's it feel feels warm
Oh fun we swim with the boys for a
little while
fortunately I don't have an underwater
camera with me so couldn't do much
filming of overnight but it was
refreshing right right
I'm not on vacation planning oh oh oh
yeah we've been discussing our vacation
plans for September
good job baby Liza do you feel better
you feeling do you feel better since you
had a nappy
are you happy baby now oh hey Chase is
gonna stop by there's blue
get him Liza what did mommy dress you in
my goodness looks like a frilly train
wreck you look like one of those
Neapolitan ice cream swear
well yeah I'm back hey guys I look I
went and got my hair fixed if you
watched yesterday's but you know I got a
hack job at the barbershop and I went
back today I'm I do too usually cuts it
was there so he fixed me up didn't
charge me anything even though I asked
him please let me pay him you refused me
but uh Thank You Jeremy it's getting
chilly I don't have to put a sweatshirt
on I'm supposed to be chilly Lyndsey
we're patching the pool there she just
won't be shown in her bathing to come do
it I won't show you I'll tell you boobs
though you're in a pool they are kind of
hanging out but we have we have this
pool repair kit I thought I'd walk and
Lindsay's got to get in to repair it
find the biggest house she's gonna find
the biggest town there you go under
water water water flustered irritable
get a medical medical attention
yeah so just don't get it on your hand
Oh easy she's got a little patch cutout
busted in the face and her little glue
stuff did you have to put
put the stuff on the patch with the
patch like curved and yeah gonna go my
hands yet see the black dot straight
that it on so you can't see it on camera
sorry guys and we can't take him to
water than one side uh Nina and Lindsay
at the air it ball it's got the adhesive
on there yeah get your goggles on oh
sorry I loosened it too much
well she's got the adhesive on this
patch and she takes it under the water
and opens it up and presses it down
sucks all bubbles out okay watch this
pull repairwoman god you gotta watch
this don't open it till i go under right
yeah I'm gonna keep myself down press it
down again we're good
with God's throne stuff matter she just
gives up
say cheese that I think I got that one
there you go
little eyes of man hey are you cold
it's chilly out here actually today's
high was only like 77 yeah think of 77
and below tonight is gonna be in like
the upper 50s mm-hmm
Scott just told me he got a little drum
set for the boys check out this dime
piece
it's a shame user of us can play this
thing because I wish up I mean I
probably could do like a here's here's
what I can do you have to get all the
balls
yeah it's also really amazing how few
static camera and make it look like
trying to be hidden people think they
kind of thing that's a good fake prank
what did I do
it's not a prank what did i do though oh
I didn't need it it wasn't you dad it
was Dallas Dallas it's okay hmm I think
I'll boasted what we got robbed
mmm somebody robbed us mm-hmm our
cupcakes yes
good looking at the reflection on my
ceiling freaking out
get it echo okay
get go all right it's bedtime night Liza
all right boys everyone good night night
and to watch this trick watch we're
gonna look up row down we're going to
look down and back up and up and then
down and then down and voila yeah
and some crazy things have happened well
I got attached just a little while ago
aunt Sonny is having her baby
yeah so we're gonna go see her that's
exciting isn't it that's exciting where
you gonna go take pictures and give
high-fives and hugs and all kinds of
love tan Sonny so I really don't know if
today's video was long or short because
I didn't really see any of the film
until now we're just about 20 minutes
from now but yeah that's that's where
we're gonna leave you for today guys
make sure you come back tomorrow it's a
very exciting day we're gonna go to the
hospital here in just a minute and make
sure aunt Sonny and baby and Chad and
once the family is doing a-okay so well
wishes to them thank you so much for
watching
we can't wait to catch you all right
back here tomorrow
