hey guys welcome to the barn we are at
the barn starting today on a beautiful
day
hope you guys are feeling fantastic we
it's a special day we've got my Uncle
Bill here and Monet over here watching
Veronica lunge ninja it's a potential
ride I did reach out to a buddy of mine
Kevin Brook you guys know Kevin does
amazing voice impressions and I
mentioned the last time we were here my
idea of doing a horse video like a
dedicated horse video maybe titled a day
at the BART or a day in the life of a
horse and Kevin is fully interested in
doing a voice of one of the horses so
that's very exciting and now it boils
down to writing a script and doing a
storyboard and all that stuff so that we
can put that video together I'm actually
really excited I think that's gonna be a
funny video
no that's the sweet spot
that's the equivalent of a dog pumping
his leg if you scratch him in the right
place typical you got it baby
look at you ninja just got a little mini
math horse how'd that feel buddy that's
that good rockin out the chin mount the
horse
there's some good photos nice very nice
yeah they're like the cheese so
knowledgeable about horses
you're really doing it make peace with
the horse before you get on him right my
strategy was working more because he
wouldn't he want to touch my muzzle
before yeah oh look at Ninja he was like
one at a time please no I'm kidding
Nakul that we are able to give this
experience people because riding a horse
like for me for the first time riding
the horse was incredibly I don't know
it's a different experience something it
puts you a kind of like on the same
level with nature because these guys are
huge like they could easily what are you
doing oh he wants to follow me look at
him
whoa well welcome she says yeah that's
good no that's good
nicely done Manette thank you you did
well
it was a short ride ninja's about to get
a nice cool refreshing hose down yeah I
suppose I'll do that for you
what was that ninja time for a snack bud
yeah they said oh yeah candy cane good
job oh my gosh it's a beautiful day in
for a ride spending time with family you
have fun
all right
I can't believe I did so well
I got into trot by myself and held
I don't know I'm still very very new Wow
whoa whoa this little girl just tried to
run into the RO
what are you doing
oh you're lucky you got two spaces
parallel parking is of the most
difficult tasks for people who don't
parallel parking regular basis but yeah
we're going to get our hair cut at you
know my favorite spot we're going to
bonds up here so chase just got back
from getting this haircut and he sounds
like this not happy I'm gonna have to
bother my frickin head look look I'm
taking it all back so it all stands up
look
turn your head there knew the other
right like all of this part is like
shaving out we're in that side is not
like what the absolute I can't even how
does that person cut hair is my cut like
holiday on the certification they cut
hair is my question
I all fix it for you later honey okay
and this is way too long it used to be
longer your guilt off it used to be
longer Carson I missed you did you have
fun did you miss me yeah I missed you so
bad and you I missed you
really
finding dory really yeah we watched it
last night really that's awesome i
driving yeah you went to the drive-in
I'm jealous
there she is what you making cake what's
in there there's nothing in there oh the
double dish of lasagna night grandpa
actually requested specifically today to
have lasagna for the birthday dinner
who's got you'd like that she wants our
daddy Oh mom look at it there's the man
of the hour happy birthday grandpa
mm-hmm 88 years old yeah how does that
make you feel like this what's this
that's how you feel geez grandma let's
knock down my camera
look what Sonny's doing for her baby
look at this it's a custom letter book
and everyone's doing different letters
and stuff that's a really really unique
and cool
what letter should I do Oh
guitar of course that would have been
you of course you can do J there's
there's already a J oh really yeah J let
me let me claim J you guys tell me in
the comment what should I do for J and
I'll draw it but it's gonna have to be
later because this won't be posted til
tomorrow we just did photos with Grandma
and Grandpa don't look so mad what do
you look so mad for it's your birthday
that's why that's the take pity on me
I'm 88 years old today that's an
achievement actually you're almost 90
and that's special a v8 yeah what German
88 you're German 80 happy birthday papa
he's getting ready alright go back
upstairs down here with everyone boy
lady I see you Sonny is having the baby
this week Thursday well she's being
induced Thursday so I love you Oh about
that time it's 9:54 p.m. I'm ready for
bed you don't like someone wake up early
and go back to the barbershop we're back
home kids are in bed amber shows up it
was seriously it's late and what a fun
day hanging out the family Uncle Bill
riding a horse holy cow I wish I got
that clip I didn't get that clip I
wasn't paying attention when I was
filming but you totally almost ran to
the door
the horse was spooked but uh he survived
that fun it was all all a good fun so I
think that's where we're gonna call it a
night you guys thank you for coming
along on our random family adventures
and a big happy 88th birthday to my
grandpa
that guy's where we're gonna leave
before today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
