good mango morning listen guys today
we're gonna start off with a little bit
of a tutorial I'm daddy this is for you
and Carson so if you're like me you like
starting off your day with a bit of
fruit and I will say that mangoes are
kind of tricky to cut or peel yeah or
whatever you're supposed to do with them
you want to stand up the mango so you're
looking at the thinnest profile and
stand it up on its end and then you want
to trim off the side like that kind of a
curved shape you see like a curve cuz
there's a nut in there that's really
really tough and then do that on both
sides I guess these are called the
cheeks the cheeks of the mango I usually
cut a mango like this with a knife you
always you know of course be careful and
I make like this grid right and then
I'll try it this way so this way when I
go to actually cut it off of the skin
it's already in a cube and when you when
you do this it really looks kind of cool
I think it kind of looks cool you take
your mango you put the mango and the cup
and the goal is to make the rim of the
cup separate the mango from the flesh
and then you just push it did you push
it and we're peeling the mango right now
guys we are literally peeling a mango
you push it and you keep pushing it and
voila there's the skin of the mango and
there's all your meat no waste right
there in the cup okay what if I took the
old way because then you're still gonna
have to cut that if we took the old way
and we do the new way together so it's
like a it's like a hybrid mango peeling
thing see what happens I'm trying
it's okay
hey hey we've pre-cut mango chunks it's
kind of squished and that's okay because
it's still totally good bumps as your
mango and the cup is all prepared enjoy
that little tidbit I don't really know
where I found that actually if I do come
across it I'll link the video down below
so you guys can check it out but yeah
welcome to the vlog brought the kids
here to my man does just swim you guys
gonna spend there Noah yeah I know you
guys have fun okay
they're going to swim here for a while
and then they are going to go have
dinner and then she's gonna bring him
back for a night swim or something hot
hey you got towels right there there
babe I could probably take it down and
drop y'all hey mr. froggy man
okay so here she is in all her
dismantled glory what me technically it
still together but here's what's going
on we got one two three tires that are
practically flat these tires are
tubeless so we got to just wipe the rims
good sir there isn't dust and dirt and
seat them back up fill them up with air
the carburetor cap kept backing off the
last time the kids wrote it and this cap
would pop up and it would cause the
throttle to stick wide open if you know
anything about throttles being stuck
wide open
it's it's full full throttle and the
kids would be on it and they would just
go out of control so we can't be having
that and this alligator clamp is pretty
Haggard it's literally just twisted on
there so I'm gonna take my new solder
gun and fix this too so that when we go
to use it it's not like it's bad
to complete the charger fix I have a
little table clamp here with the
alligator clip right so this is the
alligator clip there's a little bit of
solder left in that little I guess
groove right there I'm going to heat
that up pull that out put some new
solder down and attach the wire the
right way
so it's good as new except I don't have
one of these cool covers for it this one
should be red but uh now we can charge
the battery and I gotta go grab some
Loctite so we can put on that carburetor
casing or carburetor lid I'm not sure
what you call exactly and see if that
will hold what you getting baby you
playing in the buckets bucket of water
here's the remains of the water blob
it's had its day look now currently it's
only gonna be used as like I don't know
what that's more technically just a
plastic sheet at this point what are you
saying
Oh dog poo these guys right here
throwing football I was meant to go do
some killing and some yard work for Momo
today but she's been gone all day so
it's a little late to do that now we're
waiting for Veronica and amber to get
back they went through some office
cleaning Veronica's such a big helper
she's a selfless I think that's the word
uh oh there she is look I'm gonna be
straight up on her I went and put a Liza
to bed and laid down on the couch and
took a nap missed dinner
and so I'd order some pizza so I'm gonna
eat some pizza and kick back and watch a
little movie what
and it's a coffee wait when did you guys
get here we just fell off oh you're not
here okay I was just singing to myself
this just got weird we're in that was
like the twilight zone of transitions
the morning transitions but anyway guys
so yeah
bill I'm on air here and we are gonna go
ride some horses today they're in town
for a few days we gotta show them some
fun so we're going to start with the
horses
everyone loves horses at least I think
so anyways so that guys is where we're
gonna leave you for today I need to get
myself some breakfast and coffee and
maybe some ativan or something No thank
you guys so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
