were you sleepin on e taking a Sunday
nap so my Uncle Bill from Cocoa Beach
Florida is in town just found out today
didn't even know he's coming we're gonna
go hang out with them and see the my
mom's side of the family my mom was
having dinner with us tonight so we're
doing a pot roast we've got a little bit
to do but as you can tell we still have
quite a mess to clean from the kids
being here they've gone already it's
time to whip this up before we leave
magic nah I'll tell you what guys it's
the wonder I get anything that around
here
between cleaning and the kids trying to
make sure they're entertaining and all
that stuff one of which is currently
passed out on the couch laundry a today
it's uh it's been a busy summer so far
I'm really I'll make a confession to you
I am probably the biggest procrastinator
I know you try and watch TV all right me
and lies they're just hanging out
waiting for falling to wake up and
brother could have figure out what we're
doing that was ready let's go bean do
puppy Oh
hmm you know I was petting an angel the
other day and if you feel her chest like
I thought her sister's chest same same
little right angel has a heart murmur
and you can feel her heart it is so
strong look it's literally beating out
of her chest all the time but you don't
think of mine don't worry echo I still
love you I still love you I can smell it
right now can you smell it I'm hungry
I'm definitely hungry good weird fun
last night mom oh now you're feeding us
today yes thank you
cookies what what what what what come on
don't hold out on me oh stop it what is
this
is it cherry g300 there it is that's the
Sunday roast guys celery it's Abby
Harris potatoes be good
we're talking about rump roast look at
these young girls Veronica and Brittany
honey how old were you in these pictures
eighth grade huh Wow things have changed
and you you're getting so big while I
was starting to use utensils she's not
very good at it but she's she's willing
to use a fork or a spoon to try and get
her food it's funny though when she uses
a spoon she usually just tips it right
off before she gets it to her mouth look
we'll just fell on the table and for a
mate mm-hmm
yeah you do want to buy it
tell me what you think I know that's
everyone's reaction to cheesecake I
think who is that good
no candy
you ready we've got to move on to the
next place the sanest it was amber so
interrupting man he's trying to convince
mom although we need help doing our
laundry
well I pull the great night shift of the
experience graveyard shift
to eat run but we ate and now we got a
run okay
did you take your shoes off now did you
do that no oh you know you're hiding now
you're trying to hide it are you turn to
hide tikka tikka tikka oh I just get to
my mom's and grandmas good she's trying
to walk home for the night
yeah she says she takes her pills and
her medication makes her sleepy I says
gram drink a Red Bull she said what's
that
I don't know Red Bull gives you wings
grandma oh okay yeah I'm serious no
seriously
Red Bull Red Bull is the drink of
Champions I'm not oh wow yeah it's just
an energy drink oh okay
or you could drink coffee huh I just got
here we got a party
Veronica's grandma was chugging beers
with me last night I swear
how are you she's good
just walk to Grandma back up to her
apartment she's such a sweetheart and
the poor thing
like I can remember when we lived out in
the country we used to have a farmhouse
I remember when I was much younger too
but I remember having these nightmares
that my grandma and it was the same
every time
I'm I had these nightmares when my
grandma would be sitting on the edge of
her bed cuz she lived with us with us in
this house it was huge she was sitting
on her bed rocking back and forth
screaming that they were coming to get
her and the basic story of the dream was
that she was crazy and losing her mind
and it's so kind of unfortunate and also
a little uncanny that now she is losing
her mind she's I don't know if it's
Alzheimer's or what but she cannot
remember anything and she has to take
all this medication so now she's going
to sleep and I don't get to see her for
the rest of the night so it kind of
sucks so hug your grandparents guys you
never know how long they're gonna be
here
there's a big girl she did go straight
all right guys here he is Uncle Bill
Uncle Bill's in the house listen you
remember a couple of vlogs ago we were
in that back patio and I showed you the
art on the wall this is the guy oh yeah
well it's kind of faded here yeah one
can see it I like it I wear it I know I
would - yeah it's awesome so Uncle Bill
makes his his his days go by faster by
setting up boots where do you go in
Cocoa Beach uh right now we're going
down Satellite Beach it's called Pelican
Park and we go there on Thursday so if
you ever wanted to meet us you could go
down there and check us out
we're there till four o'clock and yeah
is that in Cocoa Beach it's in Satellite
Beach Satellite Beach yeah so Pelican
Park in Satellite Beach win on Thursdays
every Thursday every Thursday go check
out my uncle bill guys get some art if
you're in Florida I know you wizard
dolphin I know you're in Florida not too
far from there gonna say what's up to
Uncle Bill with the name of the booth
w/w Gilroy he thought galleries I'd
gallery that's right if you want to find
me on the web I'm W Gilroy calm all
right enough promotional we're gonna
hang out have fun okay so
my mom got a new fish tank and we've got
to take this hose up through that window
where dad is
there is hopefully it I'm gonna stand on
this air conditioner dude no
call me stamping
dangerous no no no no no no don't touch
that no no no I can't see when you
sprayed me right as soon as I put my
camera my pocket
he reached out to me this was a corner
fish tank Thanks hey no no no no no no
no no it's pretty cool fish tank
now I figured mom you have in all those
shells I figured you to fill this thing
up with some kind of shells your conch
shells how many pounds of shells does
mom have literally every time I'm gonna
beat orange bag with 50 pounds of shells
Emily please come along with daddy does
that mean you're coming home with me
okay amber and Cameron win again Eliza's
making it very clear she wants to check
we're working on pleases and thank you
yeah hurry before they notice they're
gone I ain't seen happen the good good
man
oh no I'll delete the evidence I'm
kidding oh I've got one myself mom you
don't have any chocolate chip cookie do
you know it's still there right guys
it's all there in case you wanted to
know the hierarchy or the family genome
or whatever Uncle Bill
it's my mom's brother older brother who
does Oh
she's mom yeah that's right she takes
charge around here
we've got bubbles this reminds me of
Nemo you need the lava you need the
volcano in there so they can go shark
bait aha right all right that's all guys
right right he's burying me what is it
you don't need the glass on this I don't
want this to fall in oh come on mom I
need to get the plug on us tonight I
gotta see the lights if I get in you
can't see the lights what are you
smiling for this isn't funny
I need to go I have some order to set
this down so I can coming back for the
lights she's still partying every one
the lights
walking away with CC lights last oh wait
how come you don't see much of the
lights bags that are around 100 it's
round one why do you get two bars look
you gotta borrow this uh this was a
small sure how to borrow ears bar here
and then it would be symmetrical
now you go now you're gonna flare up her
OCD and she's mine watch watch we got a
disaster here
mom's sophisticated filter just started
up giant it was coming out of the seal
of this thing there's water everywhere
Wow a shopback that's what you need I'm
down here moms like press the red button
and prime this thing and I'm starting
and the water starts flowing down these
tubes and I'm like I'm like I sure hope
this thing is sealed properly almost as
soon as that happens water starts
spewing out of the sides of this thing
and and here we are here we are with
towels and the fish tank this is why you
read the instructions that rubber seal
right there is what was missing in her
mom why how could you have missed that I
told you it didn't say where it went so
she just didn't put it in and why were
you supervising this email when I put it
together
oh geez hmm okay you're literally
getting water everywhere standing there
I need a copy in a big bowl so that was
just my one bad my one bad big one bad
wait man one bad pic of the day Wow
oh all antics aside it's midnight and I
gotta go yeah but the good thing is your
pump is totally working and never no
more water funniest thing I have I have
experienced in the past few days really
wish you could've got it on tape but we
didn't ex quitter imagine imagine if you
put a cup in the sink and you fill it
full of water and then you take another
of the same cup and put it into that cup
what that would look like where all the
water is just spewing out of the sides
that's what that looked like under there
before
the boys are away
Eliza's asleep the dogs are walked the
house is clean I think it was a
successful day a pretty exciting day for
what meant it was meant to be a pretty
chill Sunday
my mom's fish tank I can't even you
can't even we should have been recording
that that it was it was so funny so
thank you guys so much for watching
that's what we're gonna end it for today
tomorrow's Monday we're gonna start it
off strong we've got plans plans plants
and be productive this week so don't go
anywhere thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
