hey guys it's it's really hot today
that's better we need to do some water
stuff right guys it's hot we need to do
a water blob so we can lay on it and
it'd be nice and cool
who's ready making a water blob today oh
wow ah good old Walmart you can't go
wrong with Walmart so if you guys saw
the last water Bluff video we made where
we show you exactly how to make it I'll
link it above or you can just keep
watching and we'll show you how to make
one brand new no matter what store you
go into you got to find the paint aisle
because the paint aisle has the plastic
these are like plastic sheeting they
call it and yeah there's a fine line
between what's too thick and what's too
thin so this is three point five mil
that's too thin okay six mil however
that's the thick stuff if you have a to
thin the kids start jumping on it
they're going to puncture a hole and
that's going to leak and your water blob
sucks I will say however when you get
the really thick stuff it kind of
creates creases in the plastic and those
creases will create little holes
so it's kind of a I'll show you a little
trick with we learn really the only
other thing you need to make a water
blob aside from water of course it's
parchment paper this does involve some
ironing so you have to have an iron and
you'll just take the parts well we'll
just show you hello it's 90 degrees and
I really didn't think about it but I got
like ice cream and frozen pizza and in
some chocolate bars for s'mores tonight
I'm really worried that by the time I
get home it's all gonna be melted all
right we got a couple kids in the pool
Cantor playing basketball Amber's got
lies over there hmm
and I'm gonna go in the garage and we'll
make the water blob
I'm still working on this thing about
the plastic laid out and I have got this
whole side ironed and I have to do the
other two sides before we can drag it
outside to fill it up fish now I just
need to fill it
I did take and reinforced all the sides
you can see with duct tape sometimes
they like spring leaks and at least the
duct tape will already be there and it
won't be wet Oh
hopefully it holds up we'll see wanted
the red color what's it look like
what he said it good now you have a
blood water blog a blood water blog my
gosh let's let's play pretend and call
it kool-aid how about that is that
better even wants to call it blood all
right okay so does King unfortunately we
started this project a little later in
the day this process to fill it up with
water at this size will probably take
somewhere around hour and a half and
maybe two hours so now we just wait
alright while we wait for the for the
water blog to fill up Jay and I are
going to battle it out and game a
cornhole
I know cornhole as a name of a game
sounds kind of funny right but it
I think some people call it bean bag or
bag toss or whatever we call cornhole
bag in the hole is three points on the
board is one rep you have to deduct the
points that the other people school get
on the board as well so if he puts one
on the board I put one on the board
that's a wash at zero you got to get it
in the hole
remember kids it only counts if you get
it in the hole I lost I couldn't hit the
hole we'll check it out the water blob
is finished it wasn't two hours it was
about an hour and a half look who shows
up Scotty 2 hotty table caddy look at it
Scotty that warm water in the winter pot
yeah that's it that's a good point what
we need to do is let them have fun with
this for a second and then spray it down
with some oil or dish soap are you
making new one every time yeah a whole
you see when the kids are that rough
with it and this is something to to keep
in mind if you guys make these the
longer they bounce on it the weaker the
plastic gets and it just doesn't last
that long
even though that six melon is very very
thick if they like jump on it with their
knees it'll oh I see water too oh okay
yeah
the amount of fun that the kids can have
on was it $24 the plastics $20 and the
parchment paper was only like 395 the
kids have a blast on those things and
you gotta have the water in the iron but
it's fun
it's time to really ramp up this water
flow you're gonna put this duck dog
ditch hunt and dished on fish up
you're gonna squirt it all over oh yeah
pretty good it's all slippery
Carson time to shine bro oh yeah all
right ready set go okay you got some
bubbles on you you go ha ha ha so close
go here we go here we go here we go Oh
didn't work
it soon as you step on it the surface
chamber so like the pressure of your
feet creates a wave in front of you that
doesn't really allow you to slide well I
feel like it is possible Oh stay on the
blob game that's hilarious
look who showed up it's Noah
minute I just spent the past 15 minutes
rinsing all the kids right cuz they're
all soapy and I didn't want him to get
in the pool all soapy and I literally
cannot rinse the boy off what what
really it's fine you're just gonna have
to get in I can't I can't get it all off
yeah I don't know what kind does it's ok
Kane just jump in there buddy
no I'm jeez I feel like I'm gonna be
dealing with a mess in this water
I just got it all leveled up there we go
kids we got a fire we got these guys
back here playing in the pool dance
messing around on the trampoline Tessa
and Momo hanging out becoming besties
mama how about that beer chugging
competition what right do you want to I
told mama I was gonna challenge her to a
beer chugging competition one beer each
ten seconds winner takes all the prize
s'mores
Keith ball that s'mores
more dry can you even chuck a beer let's
do it Gilroy
versus mom all beer-chugging competition
first in history yeah are you ready oh
man no no mama
haha she is one tough bird by a quarter
of the way done well I'm half the way
yeah we continue I thought it was ten
second one week not do it again we got
to get it down whole thing yeah cuz
we're champions
I can't do anymore we still get the
cheesy all we do she gets everything she
is the winner this is camping right now
this is what camping is all about right
next to your house you set up your
camper you grow some food
you have fires actually I feel like it's
a competing camp thing happening because
like my house has all the kids there's
no kids over here this is kind of the
place to be right now because it's quiet
yeah and there's food
oh dang cold blooded all right then you
ready yeah we're doing the responsible
thing
mama needs a ride home I'm gonna drive
her hammers gonna follow me so I don't
have to walk home it's a long walk good
are you joking ready mama hello hello
good night good night good night good
night we got my mom safe guys look at
her she's ready to go home I'm in the
home go to bed yeah
yes thank you have fun yes I did I
enjoyed being with you tonight I'm glad
you had fun I did I can say this never
had a beer chugging competition with
grandma a new one yeah tell us i slaved
away since 12 o'clock finished about 8
o'clock 9 o'clock oh look at that bad
boy
you built this box yourself right no oh
okay
2001 sundown audio okay if he had polish
though he has a dang with the foams yeah
look at that cone boy 18 inches of raw
power right there people we gotta take
it away from the house because it's
gonna be incredibly loud but I'm not
giving it as a preview of what this
sounds like here
I'm Ali
Wow
all right Zach not bad not bad not bad
about Cain Cain was outside in the
garage that's showing us his new bike
moves if he does not he's fearless it's
awesome but uh yeah we've reached the
end of the night it's 12 o'clock we're
gonna get these kids settled watching it
maybe hit the sack and I just gotta say
guys we had a lot of fun today and
that's the thing about summer and having
kids like my life now is kids we have
kids and so providing the kids an
awesome summer slash life in general is
is what we're that's my job as a parent
I feel like we're winning good we're
totally would yeah good r5 were winning
here's the thing though with all these
kids around like my house suffers some
mess yeah I don't even have a single
clean towel to dry off with is
everyone's used it from the pool mmm
but I'm not complaining it's the best
time ever
so that guy is where we're gonna leave
you for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching thank you for smacking
that thumbs up all the time
thank you for sharing our videos if
you're new to the channel I want you to
do a solid hit that subscribe button
thank you for watching
we'll see you right back here
