good afternoon to you we're here in a
very special place Amber's favorite
place in all of garden my everyone to
wish amber a very happy birthday
oh yeah we gotta go between the horse
barn offices and baby we can you
wouldn't have we can't eat no you can't
appeal for me look I'd like to know if I
do this work I got the five cheese CD
that I always get amber got big chicken
alfredo and my mom got just little
dishes
Fettuccine Alfredo and the lady Brett
lives with some fruit and then I got her
some broccoli and she's gonna have some
nest with me she heard briefly what is
it tell mommy
broccoli yeah do you love do mommy
broccoli love broccoli I'll sing I'll
sing happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you
all right guys we have moved on from
lunch to the horse barn I can't tell
stay hi ninja hi hey buddy you won't go
outside for a little bit I'm going talk
a little bit but it's Friday so it's
cleaning Thursday and amber she want to
come out she enjoyed it it's a good
workout we should have wore a belly band
you know I thought about that after I
loved I think will sweat enough as it is
then turns more stuff we have some
started on some stalls
Oh
just like that you dump it on this giant
manure pile back here keep going we're
going round catch a breeze for me
you sure stay hydrated and hunt hot
conditions like this hey amber and I are
gonna go ahead and go because she's
still got to clean her office that where
she works
so I'm gonna go help her and then so we
can relax yeah I made a pit stop here
back at home so we can get more water
and I had changed my shoes on my boots
to my tennies Eliza no no no no no no no
hey Carson you need to come clean up
your math I'm going to help clean the
offices with Amber and it's like medical
offices so we can't belong in there but
we'll see you back here should be done
in a couple hours
yeah I look out the dining room window
over here and Jays got the flippin
camper up in the backyard looks like
it's camping night yeah next weekend
want to go it's ready to go
Bret all the fourth isn't it - yeah oh
dang I almost forgot this way we can get
it prepped and prepare and biggest
birthday's on yes
yeah just way I have a chance to get
everything in order prep prepared broke
in clean and ready to roll okay she does
not want to play Oh Liza here look at
your hand yeah
we don't have any stuff for story I'm
sorry we'll have to get some more okay
we'll get some more more ha ha
and finally Veronica's home there she is
look what James put up in the backyard
here let's see if I can get in there oh
you're funny
all right amber
you ready celebrate your birthday yeah
what are you like crap
23:20 what it's Amber's birthday dude so
proper proper camping food pizza mm
Cheers the summer guys
and happy birthday thank you what are
you making honey yeah mom are you making
Tom how you bake it personally this is a
rose you guys wanting to enjoy some
adult beverages please enjoy responsibly
as always guys these are perfect for
those hot summer night adult lemonade
what do we got in there ice sugar vodka
and sprite G nearly exact measurements
one bottle of vodka 1/2 liter of sprite
about 6 lemons and however much sugar
you like to rotate Sweden's taste yeah
and they're using absolutely give you
guys the crib tour check out this
massive crib right here look there's
that bed you know where all the magic
happens right there and this is our
kitchen right here don't mind the mess
you know you got these binoculars you
can spy on the neighbors one up in the
camps outside you can keep them out
right here's that couch boy that's where
one per two people could sleep there you
know
look at this spacious bathroom I'm
telling you you could shower in there
and everything yeah you can shower and
then take a Duke a little Dookie check
out this back here oh look right here
this is the fridge you know where you
keep all that drink we run a little Oh
check this out this is the back room
right here we got couches here we got
couches there
look there's Colin Colin you going to
bed son are you gonna spend some time
watching dantdm he's alright
are you guys having fun or what is this
funner Carson has a show okay let's
oh we got a look at your shadow oh my
gosh that's fantastic dude it's buddy
good job high five what was the name of
that show so we can sell tickets and
everything
vampire disappearing show oh that's
perfect
why I'm an eagle you Reaganite you can
take those off okay did you have fun
making shadow puppets are you excited
that you're camping a domain veronica's
back here picking fights with Jay and
everybody out oh my god amber
listen I wish I could have caught it I
wish I could have caught that I just
came back to the house to actually bring
the dogs back
brother hey just still over there amber
I'll say this she's had a fun birthday
that's for sure I'll tell you I'm not
ready for some coffee
mm-hmm perfect time and you know Kirsten
yield some eggs
I hate Captain Crunch
really Nana goo cereal ready
ready it's gonna be a hot day today so
we're gonna be doing another water blob
which I mean pretty interesting this one
we should try and make a little
different don't find some way to make
the blob even more fun than the last
time two of them with a rope swing from
one to the other
oh that's definite hey how you feeling
today amber by the way you feeling
pretty good it's your birthday not your
birthday no more the girls never say
that alright guys so that is where we're
gonna end the vlog for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
