for we are on hashtag youtuber hi Stag
youtuber Chevys here what uh why not
guys welcome to our very first ever
simulcast on you-now simulcasting on
youtube fan mail a lot it's a lot of
words
we're just waiting before we get started
Veronica's using the restroom hey what's
up everyone welcome to our live stream
thanks for hopping in here look we've
got some packing oh wow it's just scared
me just kidding Robert Owen Hey Dude
what's up Robert you know we've been
doing this for so long
I've really I've begun to recognize a
lot of your guys's usernames I'm serious
I'll swear a Minecraft genius alright so
so the point is a live stream and can
you guys verify can anyone else verify
that we're streaming on the youtube
channel also or is that not the case
because my dashboard shows I am not
streaming however
it should be streaming you walk I saw it
on is it oh we are all perfect YouTube
stream easy okay wow that's awesome
oh sweet and it's got the little you
know okay okay yeah so basically the
purpose of fan mail live is that when
you guys send stuff to us to our P o box
our fan mail box we open it live so you
guys can check out what other people is
sent we read letters we get sometimes
really cool gifts and I actually
pre-screened one of these boxes
super-excited for it so let's get
started I did Hey in light of recent
events it's probably a good idea to kind
of pre screen packages let's start with
because you guys know me I'm a really
really big fan of a certain kind of
potato chip what kind of all right so I
really don't think there is
where does welcome Andrew Doritos all
the way from UK surely he's different
actually the chip is snow bridge
how's everyone's day so far what's the
one we're looking at we're looking at
like I said yesterday or the day before
whatever we're looking at some serious
weather tonight we're gonna get winds
like 70 to 75 mile an hour winds tonight
all right this is a card from Angie and
it goes like this
I've been a fan since the very first
vlog I really love your vlogs shows all
the love and fun you share I would
really love an autograph from you I
watch you every day and you're amazing
please keep up all the blogs especially
Veronica's your biggest and supportive
fan Angie Angie thank you so much I'm
gonna save this card hey thanks for
becoming a fan awesome you're welcome
Angie I'll say I'll keep a hold of this
card and make sure that we try and get
your autograph John Hancock hey can you
now me please here Stan lives in my town
all right we have another card from
Maggie in California this one is her
baby Eliza she will open up the floor to
guests okay after after we do the fan
mail okay oh man we totally missed it
how long has this been in the mail it's
a birthday card her first birthday card
goes your one today
that would've been January 28th hey one
day all right
precious little angel you're cute and
cuddly - you've melted hearts right from
the start as only you could do
she writes I loved watching you since
you're born sending birthday
and kisses Maggie in California here's
such a cute baby xxf and she threw a $10
Target gift card if you guys can see
that thank you so much yeah
thank you so much Maggie and you know
what that's such such a interesting
point is that like a lot of you guys
have been watching for a long long time
you literally you literally watched as
Veronica was pregnant and then you saw
the baby born and now you've seen her
grow a whole year how insane is that
that's pretty
Samantha from New Mexico Albuquerque
alright so I've got a return envelope
here which is which could only mean one
thing my name is Samantha and I'm from
Albuquerque
also known as Punk at Punk yeah I just
did I just did a follow spray on on
Twitter and punkah I just followed you
on Twitter
I've been a fan of yours since the very
first youtube video that my favorite
videos when baby Eliza was born must
have been a very beautiful moment for
your family as
it was this is my first time sending a
map and I wanted to write to you to let
you guys know how much your family makes
me happy whenever I'm having a bad day I
can put on one of your videos and
instantly feel better I didn't have the
best childhood growing up and I saw
things a kid should never see I used to
think that a lot of homes were broken
like mine so I fell in love with the
Gilroy family families have changed my
attitude on the subject of family and I
hope calling the Carson know how lucky
they are to have such a loving and
wonderful parents like you I myself and
doing wonderful now I'm about to
graduate college with a degree in
geology that's super cool also an avid
writer and I love to write short stories
if it's okay if you can I read for a
story about your family and send it to
you when I'm done of course if not
that's okay anyways so I'm gonna send
you a letter saying thank you for being
such an inspiration to me and if it's
not too much trouble can I please get an
autograph from you guys I'm very much
appreciated thank you for taking the
time to read this letter and I'll see
you in the vlogs ant which gladiator
like salmon thank you so much thank you
so much Samantha okay which I probably
would more likely know yes yeah we'll
work on sending you work on like a cool
like if you following your dreams and
your goals and stuff like that with your
writing yeah yeah education is very
important and you got to have something
that you're willing to pursue outside of
you know the normal grade school so yeah
we're gonna sending you a draft and I
want to try and try and develop like a
cool like post card card image that we
could send to the fans all right now
this one Eliza got hold of so it's
already been ripped open if I did get a
chance to see it because I have all the
pieces this is from no-name
rich hill I think
Montana is that right it's mo Montana or
Missouri I'm not sure what Rich Hill is
the town here's the note inside chase
Veronica and family here some of our
three Missouri okay thank you
here are some of our favorite recipes
for you to try enjoy and have been
cooking Lena
these are all really easy recipes that
Lena Lana
Lena interpretation is important here
check this out I think this is really
cool actually and this is something that
you guys are totally said often it
doesn't have to be family you can just
send it to us on Facebook or Twitter or
whatever so we have a recipe for pancake
syrup I don't know if anything's on top
or is it the actual maple syrup real
good an easy barbecue chicken grilled
ham with brown sugar horseradish and
lemon juice or made potatoes
wait great northern beans will have to
incorporate some of these recipes and
hey Ashley I see you there I'll send you
real Canadian mixer oh my gosh the the
maple syrup that Jay brought us is from
Vermont and I gotta say I'm I'm not
joking I've never had real maple syrup
and the moment I tasted it I literally
took a shot of it like I took a shot of
maple syrup and I was like it's so
delicious
all right we're getting through the
letters first of all okay this is from
Athena from Ontario thanks Mia thank you
so much family does family do you guys
remember how to dad dad look
remember everybody dad there dad you see
that hi Jay what's up dude welcome to
the street man good to see you good to
see you could see Dean thanks for
becoming a fan Oh job top dude who's
thanks for the fist bump
Bethany Robertson's in the house Bethany
I think I got something here from you
actually
I actually am 100% certain all right
Athena writes my name is Athena and I'm
in love with your channel since I am
still in chemo I cannot help but to
wonder what it's like to be in a family
that has fun every day Athena the moment
you say Maggie thanks for the 50 bars as
soon as you say the word kima I know
exactly what you're going through and I
can totally relate because I don't know
if you guys realize but my youngest
sister Hilda she had cancer she had
Wilms tumor when she was like Robert
said hi to Colin
hey and and yes to share that surgery
should have a broken put in so they can
inject fluid medicine to her and she
lost all of her hair so I do I do
sympathize with you and just say man be
strong hang in there fight the good
fight
yeah continue I'm in the last few weeks
of chemo and I would like to ask if your
family can help with mine my family is
almost in debt from this and I was
wondering if your family could send us
some gladiators clothing we would
greatly appreciate if you did I wear
size one small step it up if you could
not say anything understand he was ask
your family anyways your family makes me
laugh every day and when I'm in chemo I
think to myself that other people will
support me through the tough times I
hope that this letter can inspire other
kids like me they're suffering with
cancer thank you to your family I feel
that there are people that will support
me in this of course Athena I have your
dress I have your sizes you make sure
you send me some pictures on Twitter
when you get my package okay Oliver
thanks for the hundred bars look you
guys in case you didn't know the bars
are the way to take the number one fans
spot so currently Oliver Daniel is the
number one fan with a hundred bars so
you want to be the number one fan and
get guested doden bar boy is it the last
letter open it up open it up
Maggie with the hundred bars oh the
fight is real thanks for the bars Maggie
there's no there's no name on here
there's no name whatsoever all right
well that is someone trying to be sneaky
okay whoa
someone took 500 bars Sarah Oh Sarah
just took the lead Oh Tim you were
tipping 1,000 bucks I can't even take
their humanity he's the number one fan
Graham with hundred bars oh my gosh
competition thank you guys for all the
bars and love and support we guys we
appreciate you so much but we still have
packages to open so let's not get
strapped Maggie with the thousand bars
oh my gosh the struggle is happening
right now okay I don't know if there's a
name on here but I'm pretty sure I know
exactly just sent this door down let me
see here
I knew it it's Bethany Bethany read it
out loud
Collin Maggie with 100 more grads write
a gift note from Chase go right to the
best youtuber on earth I told you I
would send it but but you have to
promise to watch it okay it's really
good from Bethany Robertson I was in a
livestream it was it was quite a while
back and Bethany was in the livestream
she said something about being a chalet
girl and I was like a chalet girl she
told me all about it and then told me
that she would send me this movie chalet
girl starring Felicity Jones and Ed
Westwick and so now we have to watch it
we're totally gonna watch it you know
make you sit and watch the whole thing
I'm gonna tape your eyes all the way to
the top of your head like this and came
blinking that's right that's what you
get Oh Tim Huber with another thousand
bars
you guys better fight hard oh my
goodness thank you Tim for the thousand
bars times two two thousand one hundred
all right look this one just says
Virginia diner from Wakefield Virginia
it's a box big box makes a big hundred
bars thanks for the bars dude Rayna so
we got what we have here with people
what did this what we have here is
Virginia peanuts dusted in chocolate
toffee you say that right toffee and
chocolate-covered double dipped
chocolate-covered peanuts get you some
oh thanks Nikolas for the likes I
appreciate you guys joining the
livestream guys and hanging out with us
and checking out with people sending oh
now okay we're down to the last box I
want to say thank you guys for hanging
on there Tim Huber with another top bar
CSEC in the lead with no 4100 oh how
many bars how many bars starts and how
many bars how many bars right here look
at him go Oh Tim your booty is
incredible we show you someone thanks so
much
Thank You Chandler and Dominic for
becoming fans
JME I seen your comment I don't block
people in snapchat
alright last box those are good this one
is thanks for the 50 bars still awesome
Totally Rad taking for the bars thank
you Saracen that message just stays on
top all right anyway done one more box
you guys miss princess Elias that's a
rare one what a start for season seven
Walking Dead totally I can't wait to see
what you can decide we have now don't
look they're all looking 4003
300 Jason no there's no vlog today I've
been busy working trying to get stuff
done and so today's vlog upload is the
live stream
you're watching Sara thank you for the
hundred bars we love you mwah thank you
so much can i buy them can i buy the
legends of awesome yeah Andy if you want
to pick up if any of you want to pick up
a legends of awesome t-shirt like
Veronica's wearing all you have to do is
go to camp 15 media.com
or slash murk like that and it looks
like it didn't turn it into a link oh
maybe did okay perfect all right baby
Liza a present for you okay president
her baby Liza
well I can send a thank-you note to the
person who sent it so I will do just
that
Nick Nick thank you for the 50 lakhs
appreciate you bro
so I wish I could say thank you to the
name of the person who sent it in the
stream but I thought it was remember you
guys remember those little benches where
you would hit the stars of the square
wisent wants to hit it let Eliza hit it
yeah coffee please remove the
shrink-wrap we're giving to a child we
are big girl send us off with some pound
on the table
sorry phone users sorry about that
alright guys so there you have it that
is our fan mail live event for today
I suppose well we'll end the video today
with with the Liza just pounding on her
new toy super cute
I guess before we go we can invite a
guest we have seven guests javi said 50
bars Thank You Chevy for 250 bars
appreciate you month
appreciate you man if you guys don't if
you guys didn't get enough of the
Gilroy's and the live streams you can
always check out my twitch stream where
I do gaming I am going play black ops 3
tonight Wednesday we distribute 5 p.m.
and I just got the new computer setup
fixed many thanks to Norman you'll see a
chat there we've got time for one guess
because my twitch does start in about 12
let's see if one of my let's put an hour
let's put in our Jess Walt you can say
hi for a minute please please ball guys
delay well the connection is being made
oh is it so cool or what
is it gonna work I don't know
brofist the gamer we have no audio I do
apologize
brofist sorry bro we'll figure it out
for the next stream okay hey join us and
join us in the Twitter livestream right
you know the URL all right guys I want
to say thank you for joining us for the
fan mail live stream we now simulcast
you choose stream if you're watching
this on YouTube and are quite confused
you can see the little fan or down below
we are streaming this on you now as a
simulcast on YouTube at same time so so
yeah thank you guys for joining us
that's about it for today if you want to
see us online more today you can check
them out push out TV for check it we're
gaming that my schedule is Wednesdays at
5 p.m. Fridays 5 p.m. and Sundays at
10:00 a.m. all Eastern Standard Time
we'll see you next time
