Oh what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
are in the garage getting stuff cleaned
up getting just things done on this fine
Sunday we got Caleb over there helping
me what I'll get up as you know we're
getting ready hold on let me return us
down
Shana declutter my garage as you know
we've had this for a while and there's
just stuff accumulating is that heavy I
don't know it came with the building
that's solid steel dude we got all kinds
of drywall got tons a scrap wood some
palace just all kinds of little bits of
junk that does not need to be here I
feel like we could do so much more with
this space more room for activities
that's right
I noticed something you guys know I've
changed the oil in the Jeep the other
day I'm a little bit worried about what
I found here in my in my oil pan there's
like I saw this little lump and I
touched it and it was like it's like
seeing it no I don't know if this sand
actually came out from inside the engine
which would be really really bad
you know when we drive the Jeep on the
beach we always stay in the 4x4 area so
we're driving on the sand so the
underneath of the car gets a lot of sand
like build up in the framework and all
that all my car guys out there chimed in
on that one let me know how did that is
it just sand from the underneath or I
don't know cuz when you take the oil
filter off you have to like tip it over
when you unscrew it there's a little
valley that sand could possibly build up
there and then maybe that's just the
runoff from that I don't know let me
know what you're thinking in the
comments Oh check it out guys my kite my
sport kite who remembers crew members
that that blog where we went out
to the park
yeah the wind just literally left me off
the ground well that day when we had the
kite out this got so tangled dude and I
still haven't untangled it this is a
nightmare dudes look at this you gotta
get that out like a lot easier than I
thought
these things are tired so so well like
you look at this thing and you're like
how am I ever gonna fix that but I think
it's really impossible to fully tangle
these lines up they just get twisted as
all but yeah I got it all sorted
everything looks great G will fly I can
look for like why do we need to put all
this stuff on the ground we have all
this like rafter space period super
lights we're gonna up there it's hard
Duff's not here
okay about the title and thumbnail Oh as
long as you know I do live streams on
Twitch and during my last livestream
something really insane happened
narcotic donated $5 thank you so much
keep up with us we're supposed to be you
and your favorite you're all such good
people
much appreciated thank you so much for
that I appreciate it
what how don'ts the chosen BC in the
Czech guys for a $200
don't yes what should search for me oh
my gosh oh holy moly
Mogo 15 with that love on a $5 donation
everyone give her that serious gladiator
support in the check
hashtag AC repairs hashtag AC funds that
was the career to cutest airhorn ever ah
stop it what what the hell is going on
is that real I'm gonna have to go oh wow
airhorns I freaking love you faces so
much everybody
oh my god oh my I can't even do this I
can't even do this hey kid I I feel like
you guys like all got together outside
of I'm not you but not you bro Chozen
Jan was so crazy
all did you see him guys so yeah so like
I had mentioned one time before that we
had to steal the air-conditioner from my
office to take to the house because the
air conditioner wholly broke it's like
fully broken those of you known as the
hashtag twitch fam got together in a
private Twitter DM thread and all of
those guys pitched in to get us the
funds to fix our air conditioner like I
don't even it's something really hard to
describe the feeling of all of those
people complete strangers to me other
than you know the online relationship
just pulling together to like do
something nice for us for our family you
know for for us and I just I have no
words to explain it so I wanted to give
a special shout out to Eddie see it film
it Jordan Morgan to Norman Amy fudge -
Samantha - Sarah - Jeffrey - Michael -
Kayla all of those guys incredible
supporters and just did something like
that for us out of the kinds of their
heart I'm pretty sure the whole thing
was orchestrated by Amy and you guys see
Amy all over in the comments and twitch
chat and Twitter like Amy just
everywhere so I want to do something
super nice for you Amy and when I figure
out what that is we're gonna make a
happen so and if I missed anyone's name
please don't please don't be offended
I'm going off of
the names that I see here just wow I
mean I want you guys to you know just
leave some positive comments for all
those people mentioned some really
amazing people there I can't really say
much except for thank you okay
moving on back home a are you ready to
this I'm pretty sure at the remote first
and then the car colon is loving this
xmax and I can't blame them because this
thing is so cool we need to get those
bigger batteries for it you know yeah
there's ones that just last forever
what are you doing Punk what was his
name
oh look at you got a new Teddy what's
his name monkey is that is that George
how was the baby showers Oh typical baby
showers things and baby stuff and not
allowed to say baby fun Liza perfect
dude alright so we took out that table
which went somewhere I'm not sure where
but put a shelf here we can kind of keep
some stuff organized those guys just sit
on the ground perfect I love it spent
the whole day cleaning this this garage
now we still have this table left to
kind of organize and that guy but you
know this place was a mess oh yeah Caleb
you helped me kill this came a long way
so you look at it it's a garage so it's
not like not like perfectly livable but
we have room in here I could pull two
cars in here dude yeah we got so much
more room for activities mango smell its
milk mail
get the rock all right my friend say
yeah I'm gonna get some sleep tonight
and wake up early I've got a lot of
stuff to do this weekend I want make
sure that I get it all done yeah so I'm
gonna stay up and edit this tonight so I
want to hurry up and I want to get
moving you know what I'm saying I want
you to move it all right my friends ever
gonna leave before today I want to say
thank you so much for watching him I
can't wait to see you right back here
