look hey guys welcome to our day happy
Father's Day to all you guys before we
get too far into the video I want to
make sure you guys get enough Eliza get
enough Eliza get her Oh Oh can't forget
the boys oh my boys on Father's Day
Kirsten where you at come here dude I
woke up this morning to coffee
pancakes with that delicious real maple
syrup it was the light amber it was the
light amber maple syrup from Vermont I
think it's really really good I can't
get enough of it
hey and Stephanie have already departed
to finish their vacation their vacation
wasn't to come to Ohio and hang out with
us it was just a pit stop they're going
to South Carolina and so yeah it's
Father's Day and we are gonna go now to
hang out my dad for a few and then we're
gonna go to see Veronica's dad so let's
get it started
so I know you want to go I'm sorry big
girl I'm sorry you're a sweetheart
Oh angel look at you when we get there
ray for a car ride puppy
it goes at nanos good job Collin we're
taking that go yes yeah that was a good
dog who's an amazing dog it doesn't make
sense to just take one dog not the other
get up there Jim come on girl
good girl whoa that was awesome echo you
read GU Popeye's yeah we want to leave
you Carol
we're not there yet on the
wrong about egg now echo are you having
a good car ride
you haven't whimpered once assume I'll
bet I could get the most amazing shopper
out the window
I'm flying in the wind goes echo we
should have brought a tennis ball or a
frisbee for sure that's echos leash
literally very get out puppy come on all
right open it mom open it
let them see each other it's okay echo
it's okay it's okay girl okay nick is
like oh crap
it's okay echo state Kabam
I'm in charge of the grill almost done
the last mistake and they look yeah oh
oh
steaks still going but look at you guys
eating everyone eaten that's the worst
part of being the cook everyone gets to
you before you do but the steak I put on
last intentionally so I could make sure
it was nice and hot finally most I was
already moved on to dessert what is good
I enjoy I enjoyed the grilling is good
you're gonna have dinner now at
veronika's dad these glasses on now
that's something look at your skin are
you getting younger Oh every day yeah
HRO yes good never seen a grandma or
ray-bans like that no way
oh that's a good look there you go hey
can have me no no we love you long time
yeah yeah I think no that's my dog
grandma echo okay yeah hey you know
surprisingly echo and Angel both have
been really good they had like a little
fit got here but the dogs have warmed up
in there hey god it's awesome here comes
the hose we're getting ready leaving
well this happens there's dog doo yeah
dog doo on the day is this a poop deck
then is that what that makes this
everyone make sure you say Happy
Father's Day to my old man down there
dad happy Father's Day
playing with your hose there he is all
right I gotta go I love you mom oh it's
okay Liza I feel bad man I'm feeling it
blogging today just been focusing my
time on you know hanging out spending
good quality time and all that you've
always had the best houses dad okay all
right officer drunk is dead this will be
the most exciting part of our Father's
Day I think Melissa because if we swing
much higher this whole thing's gonna
swing with us dude you stepped in poo
are you sure yeah go wash your feet dude
I figured now would be a good time to
mention you guys I had a chance earlier
while I was cooking all those kebabs to
review some comments on the the first
official legends of awesome
of blue from Key West you haven't seen
it I'll go ahead and link it up here go
ahead and click that and go check it out
for those of you who have seen it
already I thank you so much for just
watching and then I think it was a great
video and I do hear you and that's the
beauty of YouTube videos in the comment
section all that stuff is you get
instantaneous feedback so I do
appreciate your feedback
and I hear you will make the next one's
a little bit longer is that ok Carson
yeah
you see I think it's time for a good old
classic dad moment so who brought the
dogs to dads in angel and flash are
becoming good friends flash are you
holding on for dear life running run run
cause really surprised me today actually
we first got echo putting her in a car
she would cry the whole entire way is
awful you're doing really well and you
too angel
my Grammy goodbye later old man
you
heis is in bed and we're downstairs
watching this pretty awesome-looking
show about some Xtreme waterparks
the same guy who built the waterslide
Baruch which is the world's tallest
waterslide site got a wrapped inside
it's got me thinking water fun what are
you gonna say we go soon to a waterpark
what is the name of that one busy Bay
easy bass better we should show you
there's a way I want to ride one of
those what is it I want to get in the
wave the one where it's like a wave all
the time and you can let hop on and yeah
that's pretty dude it's late it's the
end of the night and I definitely
definitely want to say thank you guys
for hanging out with us on a super super
chill Father's Day and I also want to
give a special shout out to not only the
fathers but the stepfathers out there
because I don't know if the stepfathers
get a whole lot of credit and they are
also very huge important roles in
people's lives even more so sometimes
than biological fathers so shout out to
all your stepfathers out there all you
bio father's that's right because your
mommy and daddy love each other very
much on the every news day before we go
um I love you daddy
thank fun that's we're gonna leave you I
hope you guys had a very fun weekend
thank you so much for watching can't
wait to see you right here
