good morning guys the moment of truth I
showed you guys at the end of
yesterday's vlog that Jay brought us
this exquisite real maple syrup I'm
about to try it on pancakes oh good
thank you
what it is I'm infinitely angry at my
parents for always give an awesome
Muslim border worth does you who use
maple syrup real maple syrup always you
know I'm hung low I thought I was
forgetting something a little bit of
time has passed actually a lot of time
has passed I spent the past couple hours
fine tuning and tweaking by now I hope
you've watched it you haven't you need
to go check it out I'll card it up here
click that little eye above the first
ledges of awesome day yeah yeah I just
put the final touches on it and it's
going public tomorrow so now we're good
to go have some fun
like we were gonna do yesterday and go
shooting at my brother's you guys having
a pool party or what holy cow this poor
fools probably like no boy oh I love you
okay text me what we need
oh I don't know is that really happening
oh look at Jay over there that's him in
that little window he's all excited like
oh my gosh how much shoot some gun I
can't say I blame oh I'm excited too
even though we don't really have like we
don't really have anything to blow up
actually you know we could have stopped
and got some like fruits or watermelons
or something and just blew up some
watermelons
that's always fun to see what are you
firing today sir
five 563 560 you know me I'm a lone
ranger I got my Ruger nine-millimeter
pistol that's my that's my personal
weapon but you know in order to activate
the ingredients in the Tanner at targets
you need a weapon powerful enough to go
at 240 frames per second I said 240
frames per second listen to me I'm still
in the editor to two twenty two hundred
feet per second minimum to explode these
targets also we brought Caleb yeah to
get his gang strong effective is gonna
be this blue barrel we're gonna target
practice with it for a while before we
get crazy but we're gonna eventually set
it up a little bit so we can put Tanner
right underneath of it see who's
explosion will blow this barrel the
highest yeah
target set earplugs you'll take the
first one there your targets we
appreciate you bringing them now show me
how you're gonna blow this up in one
shot right hold on I got I gotta get a
base they're gonna set this down right
here oh yeah okay what do you think
seven feet pretty good Jay's gonna set
the next target now it's my shot
I can't hit it didn't even move all
right
we decided to change up our strategy
we're gonna put a few of them inside of
a ziplock bag put it on the bottom
that'll be better
all right Jason wins
it's nice shot nice shot that was how
many of those targets was that the rest
of him yeah we did three in a ziplock
bag so know this all you explosive
target shooters if you want to make a
bigger target in a ziplock bag will
totally work even if it's wrapped in
duct tape and work very well
all right yeah now we're just gonna mess
around and shoot some handguns Caleb's
gonna get up here and shoot some rounds
you've never shot a pistol no today's
your day my friend yeah I think I hit
the side of it I'm just trying to thin
it out so then you know we got more we
got more room what you got there that's
nice maybe 30 30
you hit
look at that good job Gil just needs a
rifle Rambo its Rambo whoo nice how'd
that feel pretty good I got one mag left
and Veronica's texts to me we're really
late for dinner
so I figured I'd just to make sure I hit
the target this time that's fine we got
to go make dinner
adios that's a pretty short trip to go
shooting but uh always fun did you have
fun yeah I never shot a pistol before it
shot a pistol today Kayla you want a job
here I get you a job here you can do
stuff like that
I have a list from Veronica we're gonna
see how fast we can get through the
store you guys ready let's go yeah
you
that was it
time well that one fast didn't it
we ran out like whoa instead I can't
wait I am starving
I got the chicken I got the chicken
we're doing barbecue chicken but you
know what the kind of low in charcoal so
we're gonna cook this over at Nana's
grill Nana is Veronica's mom for those
who don't know and it's propane and if
you know me I love that charcoal but
we're just gonna get it done quick why's
that skin dark you're going to bed
before I make chicky chicky yeah we tell
my Nana's I was
watermelon
oh it's kind of late but we just
finished the chicken and Jay came and
filled my fire pit with all this wood
holy cow so to properly send off Jay and
Stephanie we're gonna eat some food and
we're gonna hang out by the campfire
tonight oh I missed it
oh you guys are like fireworks happening
dang I missed it man oh there's one
yay this is how you light a fire in
three seconds go
all right let's how you light a fire 10
seconds
that's how you light a fire and
approximately
fifteen seconds
JJ's put on this sterno Jill is da okay
you know what guys this is taking a
little longer than I expected that's it
that's it
that's away
okay that's like started firing three
seconds
it's been a fun visit right tomorrow Jay
and Stephanie take off for South
Carolina cheers your visit mission
thanks for having me me check out this
little laser Jason brought flava watch
this
look at this watch
that's super cool tomorrow's Father's
Day and just like Mother's Day it's not
the one day that you should give
appreciation to your dad
we should always appreciate our dads but
tomorrow's the actual Father's Day so
make sure you know you spread that love
to your dads
I can't wait for the kids to wake up you
know are they gonna make me cards I
didn't make me pancakes or breakfast in
bed I don't know we'll see what happens
I want to say thank you guys so much for
all your love and support on the legends
of awesome episode that came out today
if you haven't watched it by now please
don't hesitate to click up there check
out that video like comment subscribe
all that jazz and I think yeah we're
just gonna hang out right and finish the
rest of the fire and enjoy our last few
moments together so that guys is where
we are going to leave you for today I
want to say thank you guys so much for
watching
can't wait to see you right back here
