okay so yeah guys we are starting off
the day here at the church the kids just
finished their Vacation Bible School oh
did you guys have a lot of fun this week
or what I'll tell you what I saw you
guys if they're singing and it was so
cute you're such a cutie Carson what do
you think how was your experience good
you have fun singing you're a musician
by the way you totally are I don't think
I've actually captured any of the but
Carson person loves to sing these things
a lot that's right guys pool maintenance
school maintenance today because if you
can tell but the kids have splashed
quite a bit of water out of the pool
haha and what sucks is I just got the
all the chemical levels and everything
pretty much perfectly dialed in so
adding more waters of course going to
change that what what do you do flies II
did did you test pool for daddy
everything come back good no ok the
chemical levels are perfect except for
alkali or pH which is just like 0.2 too
high
so we're filling it with some more water
and then I'll retest it most likely I
have to make some adjustments but it's
taken weeks to get this pool level to
where it needs to be oh my gosh look
what's for lunch the triple Coney dog
with a help in your chili sauce okay so
the girls are laying out back well
within reach for us to knock them with
some water balloons
we're going to be up here on the roof
they'll never see your coming
this means water war how was that last
Sun shower awesome sorry you guys looked
really hot
you write here with a water balloon oh
I'm sorry
there's so many potential things to do
today one of which involves the drone so
I've been prepping the drone to take
over to my brother's house and we are
going to Jason and I are going to go
shoot some rounds you know do some man
stuff like I said yesterday and then
also I'm gonna try and hurry up and do
that and then go meet up with the rest
of family at the bar see if we can
potentially ride horses I'll be back
I'll be back boys I'll see you in a bit
I love you mm-hmm
have fun you guys are going to the horse
barn we're going to do some man stuff
and shoot weapons funny thing is we're
just playing about the whole going to
shooting guns thing I'm just kidding no
we're gonna go shoot but my brother just
text me hey how about we we shoot for
tomorrow because we we got we want to do
some other things and maybe that's good
because they'll give us some proper time
to strategically plan out
they argue we got to do something yeah
SJ bruh 5 exploding target it's like
you've seen us use in the past and we
want to do some cool stuff
if we just went right now we'd literally
just be shooting too
to blow them up the barn is literally
right behind you guys right now we're
going to fly the drone over to the barn
and see if we can't freak out the girls
literally outside looking around where
izzie mission to freak out the girls
perfectly successful now we need to just
go over there and see you know what they
thought of it I heard a drone and then
looked at it I was like where is he at I
saw you're looking for a while actually
yeah hi Liza hi baby
look at her she's driving that tractor
RJ where do you say we help these ladies
get done so we can get back to having
some fun
this is our family life three days a
week
Veronica does this sometimes she has
help sometimes she doesn't she's an
she's amazing let's give it to her
Veronica's amazing person that donkey
wants give you kiss give him a kiss
don't be scared give him a kiss well
what is that what I don't know I don't
give male hi donkey cool does he have
clean teeth you think he saw a dentist I
can only imagine the comments on today's
video what's up Gil you brought Jay and
Stephanie to the barn to work and
they're on vacation they're having fun
let's be honest I've watered all the
horses in there and the minis and now
I'm out here filling up the water for
the donkeys it's another day on high you
can actually feed the horses like candy
like this mint it smell like mints
they prefer peppermint that's not like
much watching spirit look you like it
mm oh my gosh listen to him crunch it I
don't have any more baby these guys like
I smell it I'll smell what you got smell
what you got I said something about this
to Veronica yesterday and that is I am
dying to come here and create a video
where we just there's no people we just
filmed the animals and we voice our in
the air that reflects ridiculous
dialogue okay Bob let's go tell me tell
me bye show thumbs up if you want us to
do that if this becomes the most thumbs
up video then I'll come here
specifically to create that I have a guy
who's perfect I'll do it too but you
know you need we need different voices
for each horse
what would ninjas voice be I'm out here
practicing my whip skills check this out
that's the latest whip skills I've ever
seen in my life oh good fight fight like
that someone getting hurt yeah someone's
gonna have welts by the end of the night
I'll tell ya every time he comes over
you like some more and more just like
that the barn is clean ready for another
day we're going home to get pizza you
guys ready for pizza I'm ready you ready
for a pool party and pizza ready
pool party and pizza yeah I look at my
feet and I'm like dang my feet are
getting tan but they're that dirty from
the horse barn I know I'm wearing I'm
wearing sandals I didn't realize we were
gonna go to the barn that we're going
shooting foot yeah all right the pizza
we looked we fast-forwarded through
Jason 17-hour we just went to get pizza
we're stopping at trash bags and TP and
then we realized there's an actual
crisis I go to reach for my wallet
while it's not in there in my pocket and
I remember I set you guys really on top
of his roof to do that shot right before
we flew the drone and I use my wallet
sometimes the proper camera well my
wallet I didn't take off the roof
so my wallet is somewhere on the road
where we were so eaten real quick and we
got to go rescue my wallet Oh still
there I was texted on the way I'm about
drop that phone off Tessa I found it in
the driveway no on the side of the road
dude on the side of the room I had my
spotlight out and I was like going down
and looking and I'm talking to Vern and
I'm like hey hey I found it we had two
spotlights and all kind of closed it
down the road a little better it was
like in between yeah it was yeah I'm bad
with that glass oh thank you oh I just
had my mouth full my ring I didn't get
you this would come inside and the kids
this is everything about summer right
now look at this we've got to call in
your person there Noah's here they're
all playing Minecraft on their devices
on the same world
they've got Minecraft on the Xbox this
is look when you when you were a young
kid you had summer break like this this
was what that's what I did
it is late they played outside all day
but that being said though guys it is
definitely time for bed I know it's late
early oh here no we're going to do this
we're gonna go upstairs we're gonna cozy
up right with our pillows and blankets
right and then we'll pick a movie and
then we'll watch a movie what we fall
asleep
right
was that good to know listen Jason just
introduced me to the best thing I have
ever tasted in my life pure maple syrup
I literally just took a shot of it I
wish I found it but I did literally just
took a shot of it and I can only think
of one thing that this would go perfect
with right now and that pancakes and
sausage biscuits gravy and bacon can you
imagine this syrup on bacon
forgive my bedhead but listen guys
that's where we're leaving for today I
want to remind you tomorrow's very big
day make sure if you haven't already
I'll leave a link in the description go
subscribe to Legends of Awesome my
second channel a third Channel I guess
technically but uh the first official
episode goes live tomorrow and it would
just really blew me away if you guys
went and showed all your love and
support slideshares comments all that
stuff and subscribe always to stay up to
date with more content keep an eye out
for it definitely let me know what you
think and that's where we leave it for
today so thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
