hey how you doing welcome to the vlog
take on Carson don't be rude
hi guys hey say hi : hey hey we got some
friends in town to hang out with us for
a couple of days do you know who it is
does anybody deafening
oh you spoiler well they brought you
guys a gift you want to see it
Wow yeah okay we can totally play with
it right now oh there he is what a day
Stephanie everyone how was the drive not
bad it's a drive from New York so that's
a drive yeah look show them what you
brought them Jay
oh yeah do you know what that is
throwing yeah you gotta like launch it
into the air and everything yeah exactly
you want to do it okay all right let's
see it whoa oh
Echo's got it please get some more power
give it some food
hey whistled a little bit Jay that was a
smart idea dude
right that's definitely the better
method how did not on the ground Carson
come here whoa whoa that's awesome
good gift Jay no no no huh okay so
here's the deal so Jason is Stephan
you're gonna be hanging out with us for
a couple days
nice little visit today as you guys know
from the past couple of blogs we're
having some problems with the hair and
when you cook inside it makes it way huh
so we're gonna kick kick up the barbecue
today but we're gonna have to go get
charcoal some food oh honey thank you so
much for taking the recycling I've been
meaning to do that for a few days but
Veronica's going in town so you'll be
able to do it for me you really have a
choice and hey you got a puppy though
yep oh I didn't tell you guys I'll tell
you when she gets back how my day
started it was great
you're not gonna believe this you guys
Oh Veronica
so bronica took the vlog camp to the
store to show you guys that well you
know what there again for our cookout
tonight I made this really awesome
snapchat story if you haven't seen it we
played like a slam dunk session out on
the trampoline it's off on my snapchat
chase underscore Gilroy go check that
out that's what was happening in the
meantime between this really quick clip
from when I sent her to the store but
she came home and could barely even
explain what happened but we're a man
down again it's broken she dropped it
now as I've said in the past you guys
always get the protection plans when you
purchase cameras especially from Best
Buy
but the real bummer about this one is I
got this camera on eBay and there is no
protection plan and that hurts
everything of it as if back when I back
when I started vlogging and I'd been
doing it for like eight months maybe a
year we were using fairly cheap cameras
that were only like $200 these cameras
I'm sure you guys appreciate the
upgraded quality they look good they
sound great these ones are very very
expensive and you can't just go buy a
new one of these ones so we still have
it physically but we just have to get it
fixed you still love me I'm not in the
doghouse well might as well show you
what what how my morning started today
this morning much like every morning I
get my cup of coffee and I start editing
the vlog and I'm almost finished with
the vlog so I go to use the restroom and
I come back out because I hear the stool
that I'm sitting on currently hit the
floor and I was like what the heck was
that
and I come out to find our new puppy
that Veronica brought home because she
wanted it so bad
chew
I mean chewed completely through my
laptop power cord and it's junk so I
then had to drive into the closest Best
Buy which claimed they had on their
website they didn't have it so I had to
go 40 minutes the other direction to get
a new power cord to upload the video
that you saw yesterday and so that was
my morning so far so wrong you're two
for two today
big muscle deeper without sounding too
materialistic I know these things can be
replaced and there's not like someone
got in an accident and hurt themselves
or anything like that oh the dogs fine
Veronica's fine everyone's fine but like
we take a damage today
and it hurts hey what do you think about
this I don't know I don't even know what
to say the correct answer is its ups and
calls for a corona yes you're the wife
should we have yep should we have a
ground ethanol I'm doing my thing yeah
we should I understand ask her so the
Rockets been stuck on the roof
yo gator J echoes like give me the ball
I just want to say - I listen I gotta
give Veronica grief about that camera
just the same way I did James and it's
all and it's all in good fun because
we'll get it replaced some way or
another everything seems to always work
out you know it's just a shame you know
sometimes stuff happens but uh it's not
what happens to you in your life that
matters it's how you react to what
happens to you
I'm not upset or mad because hey
something worse could have happened
cutter onus all right and we got a
barbecue a Bruin and that my friends is
what's really important right now I'm
hungry
got this grill on lockdown
there's only whoo
four more and then we're done
look at that sunset over there guys I
wish I could show you a better shot but
it's so pink and purple II it's awesome
there it is J oh thanks dude let's grab
the beer look at his shirt by the way
Jay's got the best shirt I ever saw
aside from the one I'm wearing yeah
that's a good shirt but we got the last
plate of food I'm right eat Madison you
ready oh I'm gonna fall
oh hey we need a bigger table don't wait
okay this house the food everyone great
very good and I didn't mention but
Stephanie brought us something that I've
never seen before
it looks like normal potatoes but they
call them soul potatoes
why what's different about them they're
smaller they're small and they come with
salt yep
I'm sorry boiled them and that's when
they start boiling you put Sultan salt
and the salt
potatoes result uh I finish eatin and
look we got people showing off out of
the woodwork Zach free food down it's
good for you too I was about to go to
windes oh you don't want that windes
watch no no try that with the jab
Schindler AJ that a it's a pasta salad
I'm not sick with more all right
Veronica just charged me with the task
of putting all the kids to bed and we
have Libby over for tonight
I love so we have extra which means
while they're eating cookies I gotta go
prep the air mattress it's cookies and
brownies yeah we're gonna put an air
mattress up there cuz we got a full
house this weekend guys look Bri out
Livi is only for tonight but Jason and
Stephanie are doing the older
no sir they're doing the old mattress in
the living room I'm gonna apologize in
advance because the kids do wake up
early sorry you gotta love these air
mattresses with the pumps already
built-in so easy remember go into a
hotel room and we had we actually had
like air mattresses with us and
literally had to pump it up by mouth you
can imagine how ready for bed I was
after that Lucky's like
what are you doing
Bobby laughs Biba see yeah she's saying
nice everyone there here watching the
game apparently it's going state 39
Cleveland 54 looks likely I'm gonna take
it you guys ready for bed
yeah did you pick the movie you want
Livi you're sleeping down here on the
air mattress okay thank you
you have two boys don't sleep with girls
especially not your age young lady
take a night everyone last night I had a
nightmare
yeah yeah it's so dark
flashlight it flashlight watch the J Oh
amber you're looking moist oops don't
splash me we're all out here just having
a civilized conversation before amber
leaves and Dallas and Zack scoop her up
and throw her in a pool poor thing you
know that one thing that thing you know
that one thing remember the thing we
were talking about earlier the thing no
no you were too scared yeah that was he
scared
oh come on amber Jade Yeah right now
why I'm ready for the bang yeah okay so
we'll come inside and show the thing
before the thing actually happens else
we're gonna get lit yeah oh I don't
think I'm gonna do this do that I don't
think you can do that nothing I can do
that
come on amber he really deserves that he
does he really does yeah but I can't
what your two knives look at you you're
soaking wet
he's going you like here goes camera
hahaha cams in hahaha no is soaked
soakin with oh that's good Oh having fun
at the Gilroy house you know huh this is
Stephanie's like um B you woke up win
for huh
Veronica's tryna get the dog the dogs
going out for her last potty break
before we go to bed they've got their
queen-size in text set up strong make
sure there's no holes in there hold on
I'm sure it's fine it just took it out
of the box but it's gonna be a fun next
couple days we're gonna try and do some
fun stuff yeah you brought you brought
your firearm right yep if you recall the
last time J was here we the intention
was to go and blow up snowman but we
caught some really unfortunate whether
it was too warm for snow so we didn't
get to do the snowman I did it the week
after and then he did it the week after
that up in New York it's funny how
things work out but we're gonna try and
go shoot some guns do some fishing
just man stuff you know so that
unfortunately guys where we gonna leave
before today he's getting quite late so
I get some sleep thanks so much for
watching
can't see right back here
or
