yeah you mean hey guys welcome to our
day just picked up the boys from
Vacation Bible School do you guys have
fun yeah what's the thing you made Jimmy
it's like one of those oil and water
things hold it up let me see it's a lot
it looks like goo
it's supposed to make waves yeah when
you shake it it makes waves that's cool
oil on you put water you put sand in a
button a big show or two little shells
so then you put water water and oil yeah
because we all know that oil and water
separate so that's how you do that yeah
how was your experience today was it fun
yeah I gotta say guys it's nice to have
the boys do something like Vacation
Bible School because it's that period in
the middle of summer it's not the middle
of summer but the period in summer where
they kind of get to be reefa Miller eyes
with some sort of a schedule
so it's kind of nice check this out
we're looking at some serious weather
approaching look at that super
interesting cloud there that's cool that
must be the cold front our warm front
Liza I don't know I'm just guessing that
looks really cool huh what you cheese I
got some cool ranch chips and a turkey
sandwich what do you guys know fish
we're gonna pass the time through this
rainy stuff heat some food I'm gonna
dive back into my edits for a little
while let me tell you guys the secret
it's not a secret I tweeted it earlier
but I just uploaded the first version
rough cut and soaked one of legends of
awesome on the channel for stage why I'm
calling it peer review stage one I mean
James so James and I are gonna
critically look over this edit and
decide what kind of things we could
change just to make it look better and
and then we'll go from there
like I said my plan is to upload a video
by weeks and so it is currently 20 40
minutes 40 minutes until 5:00 p.m. which
as you know when Wednesday's I do live
streams so for Annika I love you going
to the barn yeah yeah would you be so
kind as to show everyone around oh my
gosh that's not gonna work
you're just gonna clock you're just
gonna make it Angry
dude I wouldn't do that huh I would not
do that
that's a wasp in case you guys can't see
it properly you can't just SWAT it dude
it's gonna step on it
oh ma boy foothill we have made it
satire all the boys are getting now but
i'm in here like trying to soak up the
rest in this AC love it o is the thing
says it it's gone back between 87
degrees and 89 degrees
but just hot but the humidity is so high
today you get out and you're like it's
so sticky I don't know if you guys can
tell yet but I am already soaking wet
sweating me to this my ponytails already
wet so what I am working smarter not
harder today look we use the Gator she
just pulled up to the stall door and
then pitch it all in there and then you
can drive it out and dump it it is kind
of beneficial having the boys because
they do a Kim will drive the Gator out
and go dump it and bring it back
they filled sawdust so we do actually
move a lot faster when the boys are here
to help and I'm grateful for that
hey baby what you doing it's a hot day
today isn't it
come here are you sleeping are you
sleeping ninja huh
are you sleeping are you getting bored
are you getting bored so you want a ride
chance to ride on the Gator will take
you 1 minute let's just oh ok
down I know who is that horse
mm-hmm
looks a little better there all the
stoves are clean
everyone's got fresh water I always
cleaned up client's gonna poop in his
nice fresh clean stall on thanks for
your help thanks for your help we're on
our way home and I realized I only have
one diaper left for Eliza and we have
nothing to cook for dinner and in
landing me out so I always feel like
dirty when I come in here after the
horse barn I am really dirty I'm
sweating and Nessie then I got shorts
and boots on by the way guys I did not
leave Eliza in
I went into the store my mom is there in
promise she parked beside me and sat
with her in my car she's got all the
boys with her so there was a hanging out
line so while I ran into the store to
make it a little quicker you know it's
one of the hardest things about having
this puppy is that she doesn't listen
she doesn't know to listen she what she
doesn't listen come on puppy inside come
on come on come on come on no no no no
this way come on get that kitty
ah she's a savage don't mess with that
kitty moon angel
yeah protect that kitty Liza protect
that kitty all eyes love that kitty echo
be easy
come on come on come on come on come on
puppy she's like what I want the car oh
look what's for dinner
ah chicken alfredo you know the way to
my heart italian turn ooh something to
say in Italian so we learned vecinos for
neighbors in Spanish why are you guys
thank you for that what is a good left
where's all my Italian speakers we need
some Italian words
bon giorno no mangia my grandma used to
say that actually
mangia mangia what she said I meant eat
up yes mangia man I just looked out the
window cause it's getting kind of dark
already
look at this look at this oh my god
there's a tornado coming guys we got to
get in the basement where's your tornado
there's tornado
pull up on this time-lapse for a second
look it still hasn't rained yet and that
nastiness has already come through but
look at this look at that that is very
very strange kind of cool I don't even
know if it's gonna thunderstorm I wanted
to get an epic like lightning strike
time-lapse it might happen all right
Kara
look none of the kids are wearing shirts
you know why because unfortunately I
don't know I've only given it today but
look the the thermostat is set on 71
which has 79 Wow I did notice no we
can't know if I can't reach 71 it's not
gonna reach any lower I did notice that
when I had the cabinet opened the a
coils evaporator coil did have a little
bit of rust on and it's possible that
that unit might need to be replaced but
I don't know anything about HVAC so it's
probably time to call on the pros Oh
princess you look so cute look at you
look at those wings PJs no no no no baby
yeah that's a mess hates laundry Bronk
is in there folding laundry I made I
have to admit guys I'm somewhat of a
closet cereal addict and this is that
golden crisp have you ever seen a bigger
bowl Sarah
it was getting late I'm about to smash
this bullet Syria Washington Jimmy
Fallon and probably hit the hay for
today so that's where we're gonna leave
you what's that thank you guys so much
for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
