you guys we missed you it's been it's
been a day a day and it was kind of a
busy day listen I have been smashing the
legends of awesome edits I just needed
some time we're getting there
Veronica's making some tacos it is Taco
Tuesday what up would you bump what
about it you need to make its own vlog
the bump has its own vlog Channel dog
update here's angel just chillin it was
very shy still huh okay he's still a
puppy she likes to do this a lot now
echo on the other hand echoes been
throwing that frisbee
she's quite out of breath in some water
girl echo is getting so good at catching
the frisbee she will almost catch it
every time but you have to throw it just
right she's doing to my champion frisbee
dog oh my god he's gonna be my frisbee
dog flex haha you guys just missed the
most epic thing I've ever seen in my
life
that girl literally just tried to jump
through the screen I don't know if you
can see but over there Jays playing ball
with their dogs he's got their little
tennis ball that goes sees that ball and
has literally flipping out you guys
remember our purple cage was very little
this dog would absolutely not fit in it
so we had to get this giant cage look at
this thing it's like it comes to my
waist it's huge and unfortunately it
doesn't have a pan in the bottom so we
have to get a pan they put blankets in
there the pillow was from the kids
Eliza likes to play in there speaking of
Eliza
she's waking up from her nap
hey QD what'd you do and so get this
yesterday after Eliza woke up from her
afternoon nap we saw her on the monitor
trying to climb out of her crib you're
trying to escape Burchette and she's
just tall enough now that she was
perfectly able so I had to take and
lower her crib to the the last level all
the way down there you're grown big girl
full house with the Taco Tuesday
he saved me some meat I gotta have it
scoop it up with this how's my talking
his luck boys there was delicious yeah
how's your Tigers you guys had your
first day at Vacation Bible School today
how was it Carson made this no fishy
you both made that they said we didn't
even miss you guys it was that much fun
dude drink see what your shoes on hold
on you're down
absolutely cute one play frisbee again
echo you're insane
you're a champion ready go
oh that was a bad throw that could
prefers this one it's a lot lighter and
it flies farther soft did you
Oh Oh Gigi she did catch that one oh she
got that one higher she gonna just get a
lot better
EKKO is she's got so much energy this
dog that's why she's so thin I saw some
people comment you could see her spine
she eats like a horse but she runs and
runs and runs and runs and run she won't
stop and when you try and make her stop
throwing the frisbee she'll sit at your
feet until you actually throw it she was
such a good dog look at this you guys
remember when Veronica planted this and
I mocked her and said that there's no
way anything would grow in here these
are a cantaloupe they're doing pretty
well actually
yeah we're just trying to relax and get
some family time in I literally was
buried in my computer all day yesterday
working on edits and like if any if you
know me if anyone knows me I'm very very
indecisive and like to figure out the
vlog edits are easy for me and these
videos are the legends of awesome videos
they're very they're complex and I'm
trying to figure out the best way to
tell the story the biggest part about
editing video is the story that you're
telling so I want to make sure that for
each of these videos were telling the
right story and the footage is amazing
that's that's not the issue it's just
putting them together in the right order
to make the story as compelling and that
as impactful as possible
yeah what they're doing whoa
are you scared
Rael
girl
gotcha
I love you she's going to nannies you
want to play frisbee some more huh
so hear me out remember it was a few
days ago I said something about the air
not working properly right so I did a
little bit of research as to like what
kind of problems happen with the HVAC
systems and I came down here just to
look because I've looked at these lines
and these are the lines that lead all
the way out to that fan outside
condenser or compressor or whatever that
is so I came down to check on this and I
could see there was a little bit of
water here on top so I look around and
it's all like sweating this whole box
and this is the evaporator coils yeah
evaporator coils through my findings if
you don't have enough air moving over
these evaporator coils it will freeze up
I did a little bit of research and found
that if you have a dirty filter or a
clogged air filter this guy certainly
was it could restrict airflow so pretty
sure that's what's happened and I need
to check and see if it's fully thought I
don't think you're supposed to do this
is unless you have a license so please
don't yeah I'm not even 100% sure that
if I open this panel I'll be able to see
what I want to see but it's worth a shot
sure what I got all right so you see the
ice just as I thought that drip pan
looks full I can't really see the other
side to tell if it's all thought out but
look on these plates there's no more ice
which is good I don't know I think it
still needs time to fall out basically
I've had the air off all day and it's
wicked hot in here so I have to let it
fully fall out so that a little bit of
ice that's in here doesn't help
facilitate more icing so we got to let
that sit a little while longer but let
this be a lesson to you guys watching if
you're having HVAC problems and your
your air is working it's just not
cooling all the way check the filter
it's start simple come on boys it's the
nighttime train already actually tower
open that window mommy tonight everyone
hey Carson okay so it's time to bring
angel outside you guys a little update
on angel who she says thank you she
doesn't like the cross doorways come on
you can do it she has done it but she
just takes her a minute come on girl
come on let's go potty let's go my thang
go potty come on you can do it
you took a leap of faith yes you did
would you say angel huh are you saying
oh no no no no angel come here good girl
come on don't want a stick at
come on you can go first let's go girl
you want me to go first oh there you go
I ran until I I ran until I couldn't run
no more there's a certain point when I'm
editing that my like I start to like get
super dry and start watering I spend a
lot of time on this video and the rest
of them are gonna be like that I'm just
trying to figure out how I want these
videos to be it's turning out really
really good I can't wait to show you
guys in a matter of fact I plan to
upload the first ledges of awesome video
by the end of the week so um I'm really
putting in the time figure these things
out and get you guys these amazing
videos that we went in filmed I'll tell
you what going back and watching like
you're married to your footage as a
videographer and then as an editor you
have to separate that marriage and like
shorten clips and don't use as much as
you'd like to just because you know that
you know in the editing process you have
to you have to be mindful of the
storytelling not the actual footage are
you ready for bed it is midnight yeah
look at the smell your conditioner
that's what we're gonna leave for today
make sure tomorrow's Wednesday we do
have a live stream on Twitch come check
us out twitch.tv for Tosh Gilroy gaming
links in the description starts at 5
p.m. Eastern and yeah I think we're
gonna plan on doing some more cool stuff
tomorrow so don't go anywhere that is
where we leave for today thank you guys
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you all right back here
