hey guys walk to the vlog we're out here
a little place called dolls Arboretum
I've been here before with it and just
don't have to be a lovely day right here
doing a photo shoot
look maybe Liza's in the midst of it in
field diaper change
literally
I stay still
quitting's pictures Hey hi close it jeez
here's these older kids flying around
and around on these rocks around the
Japanese garden we're not supposed to go
in the little rocks inside they rake
them but like Zen and like whatever but
the kids are crawling around the
outsides of them was a good place to
come to let your kids just run because
there's nothing else to do but run
around
look at these three amigos smiles
booties doing video but I can always
take a still shot all right
I know oh there he goes
see the turtle guys you see one away
well that's far better than sat there
and just walked out until I say stop
as long as you're capable enough running
back respond yeah they're both gonna end
up in the water some very deep oh we can
we can cross the the gate and go over on
the island the kids are trying to get
Quentin to laugh and smile first
pictures me maybe Liza ah Rock uh-huh
and say Rock say it tell mommy what is
it
Rock huh the rock she likes playing with
rocks Andy huh
all right you want the stick stick here
you want the leaf oh no we don't want
the leaf look Liza here's a pinecone
want a pinecone oh we had to take a
little break the kids getting restless
it's hard shooting young children but
being outside makes it a lot better
because I don't know there's so many
distractions there's a lot of like
visual stimulation outside my kids the
older kids definitely aren't bored okay
is that a tree gun it's a tree pistol
well I'm glad you're out here exercising
your imagination don't shoot that that
was fun guys nice way to start the day
getting outside doing some photos I miss
doing photography like I need to wake up
early in the morning and go out and do
more photography because photography is
a really really therapeutic thing for me
to do plus I'm kind of good at it we're
about to take off but check out a couple
of the top picks that I that I took
today
you swim look shirts all right yeah that
was fun right yeah kids you have fun
yeah doing outside as always who wants
to go home in swimming pool yeah I gotta
beat that level really now we're going
to swim guys I just came with mom Adi
Adi to get I don't know if you guys can
see this in the back of the truck we
went and picked up this like outside
tower type thing for baby Liza so she
has some outdoor toys kind of to play
with
so gonna take it back and set it up and
see how she likes it she should be in
for a nap anytime but he got true
probably in the pool with noise I'm at
chase the boys are already in
guys get on the outside of pool right
over here now get the wave go right and
then as soon as it comes up in the
middle you gonna run dive into it okay
mm boom ah no I would get in and then
just go all the water come out ha ha ha
all in my fluff oh goodness I guess it
is this he's in the pool huh have you
been on ball boys are here you haven't
made some epic awesome way oh yeah this
is a tower her baby Liza tower
yeah like Rapunzel's tower yeah doesn't
have any hair well maybe it'll make grow
some long huh whoa
maskull's look at her
that's my wife huh got the big one
Oh
you're gonna clean it right there's bird
poo on there where's the roof
no roof this big
chase what do you think it something
blow out no I almost stepped on those
guys look at that I almost stepped on
you be all these little flowers here's
here's something I really worry about
all these little flowers in the yard
maybe Eliza walks out here barefoot
we're just gonna stop now there's so
many bees out here on them I need to
treat my lawn so this is all just
beautiful green grass who knows the
secret to turn all of this into
beautiful thick like I want to lay in
you kind of grass that's what I want
that's what I want no one to the barn
what's gonna happen see grandma
I'm getting nervous chase told me not to
better not my urge is just screaming I
can't do pour it out but you didn't tell
them we haven't told them yet
I would like everyone to meet hi hey
this is Kai and this little girl come
here come in Gary and this one a one
revered angel angel this is what we're
on our trip for guys we're taking a
puppy huh but what did you promise or
take that word take care of him every
ball I told him because the thing about
the thing about the dogs and chases he
doesn't like the hare
I think he's told you guys before so I
told the boys that you have to they'll
take turns each day one of them brushes
the dog and the other one has to sweep
the floor and back run the vacuum up and
then we'll switch the other one will do
the other one the other day
I'll brush it first so daddy doesn't
know man and I'll sweep this vacuum so
to anybody okay I'll do the back of my
neck or my two of them left and I'll be
sad if I leave them on here it's more
ticket ha ha
no cries hi guys - hi guys you notice we
have two dogs in the back of the car and
Veronica isn't so I might only live for
20 minutes longer she loves you guys we
love you guys I didn't do it chase I
love you like I just remember that look
how cute they are
well I think it's a kick we've got them
home Jase doesn't know we're home yet
come here girls come here huh we're
about to let Bo and echo out with them
too so they can all meet I'm so nervous
here comes echo taste sees me out the
window
come here we go come here no meeting for
the first time who is these it's a white
echo
maybe I am oh he's still staring at me
through the window coming
oh here's the blinds he closed the
blinds guy come come here echo come what
do you think about that oh you think I
mom dad you and emini hi hi honey you
have forsaken me I love you and forsaken
I love you having to get a beer okay
here we go is puppy training all over
again the least I got a big yard yeah we
finally got these puppies inside
I heard scared of heights
I hate scrap time they're not happy come
here angel
come here are you for Bethy huh please
happy
so we successfully gave them both baths
and took them outside brushed him out
good right make sure they would dry and
all that so we're back outside with them
mom we got angel inside I did have to
carry her inside she was not sure about
it forget fluffy okay oh the gates open
niggers Liza oh go wish to another echo
bully she's so lucky she's still a puppy
yeah we peek huh what do you think we
think about this he's doing warp on his
computer mm-hmm I got baby lies in bed
she was tired boys come on let's be in
bed Carson telegram good night good
night good night
Oh
who sit sit down
good girl these are settings so all she
would sleep an angel she's laying down
take a little nap she more self out on
this statement moving to a new poem
honey do you still love me I can't
condemn you for having a big heart but
Jesus as long as I keep my hair picked
up cleaned up right
Phoenix breath my sympathies right now
hmm
we have welcomed angel into our family
um the thing about her is the last time
the vet was out which was just a few
days ago they discovered that she had a
heart murmur said she could love a
couple years she could live the rest of
her life with it so that is the
disappointing thing and then I think
Chase is concerned about you know we get
her and then something happens in him
but you are know my history with animals
dogs
well model why didn't you want you echo
I know but you love her I do
see that's the bad part but why can't we
love animals because we live longer than
they do I know
detachment a son of um you have to have
pets in your life I do and you're
wonderful haha we are going to I'm
probably gonna stay up a little longer
and just keep my an angel and make sure
she goes to the potty and all that ready
for busy day tomorrow
so with that being said so yeah guys
thanks for watching and we'll see all of
you right back here tomorrow
