full swimming session number one is done
for the day for a little while anyways
we're all just hanging out enjoying the
shade behind this building it is so hot
guys I know compared to a lot of you in
different locations like the Midwest
it's probably 110 22 gay today but 94 us
this is it right here look what we got
going on the grill damn pervert burgers
brats chicken breath another cheddar
broth shadow brush burgers
cheddar burger we put some barbecue
sauce on this you got a new try to buy
Bester's chicken oh yeah full day the
kids are down there just going nuts till
in the pool they're gonna be so we're
out tonight even though it is still very
very hot I don't like to swim all that
much just you didn't cool off you know
but yeah we're cooking out hanging out
it's a good time Elijah has his toy
sword she keeps running from him he's a
he's a big bad bully
has everyone having fun today or what
hello
is everyone having fun today alright
you're sneaking in the pool just just
the three of us meet Lindsay and amber
we're sneaking in guys yeah we're
swimming night dude
Jimmy show me how you're supposed to
write
Liza she's silly she wanted in this big
that's so great
yeah I'll wait for you all right so guys
we're going to do what I'm sure all
these kids have been waiting all night
to do nice hunt for lightning bugs it's
a competition see who can catch the most
lightning bugs you have anything to put
them in actually well let me turn on my
light see if you guys can see all the
lightning bugs
it seems all the lightning bugs are and
my phone is dead so I can't flash light
at the for you guys but all the bugs are
inside the tree line here well you've
got power on your phone let me see all
the lightning bugs are back in this deep
wood area who's gonna go back there and
get a lightning bug
oh okay you're shadow person shadow look
shadow look at your Carson this is our
youth people crowding around a little
phone to watch videos
it is dark matter it's definitely late
so they did good plan today man that was
fun did you guys have fun in the pool
Carson yeah yeah call and you have fun
in school today yeah he says I'm taking
the cheese dip by Scottie your dark low
a long time bye Lindsay we're getting
look Liza's a passed-out baby
the whole family is exhausted
you don't realize but when you're out in
that pole in the Sun in the heat just
having a blast your life essence is
slowly being drained from you we didn't
get these guys today and it's time for
the morning pool check morning guys
we literally all came home and passed
out it was such a fun day we we were
exhausted and it was a good night's
sleep I'll tell you what but I'm out
here doing my morning pool check look
everything's starting to clear up this
was quite cloudy and I'm doing my test
to see how everything's coming along
okay here's what it says says my
alkalinity is too high seven pounds of
pH - holy crap it's like a whole jug of
pH - and I don't have that I did hear
though that you can lower
I think the alkalinity with baking soda
is that true I don't know I have to do a
search this is what I do guys I wake up
in the morning and I grab a cup of
coffee and I come out here and make sure
to pulls good so the kids can have fun
while we're you know going through our
day right so the pool is all sorted what
I need to do today calling this up
planning on this game the hell is showed
up here I go outside I noticed his
sunglasses on the bench and then I'm
like wait down and then I look in the
driveway and Dallas is sleeping on his
car but I have to get ready for a
livestream it is Sunday so we do live
streams at 10 a.m.
hope to see a bunch you guys there later
today we're going to Dawes which is the
tree it's like a state park and we're
gonna be taking some photos so that's
what we're gonna do today I want to say
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed our pool day out in the
Sun it was definitely hot let me know
how hot it is where you guys are from I
always like to know like
what's the current temperature of
everyone watching it's a definitely
summer so thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see you all
right back here
