what's up guys we are starting today
with some fruit you need fruit in your
diet like it's important alright this is
what they call a summer kiss sandstone
melon right we had one of these at
Kathy's a few weeks a week ago about a
week ago it was so good so we had to
hunt down some of her own I'm sure you
was in here PT smell it oh it's like a
candle it's like a kaleidoscope of
melons right now look in the trash can
for me just about this seats it smells
so good that's after you take the seeds
out who wants to try some Melanie oh
they're like super duper soft and very
sweet drug is it good hmm yeah she said
yeah it is so good
check it out we're out here tending to
the pool had to put some chemicals in
there did the shock a shock treatment
right and then the test said it was
pretty high pH so I had to use some ph-
this stuff here it's not it's cloudy I
don't know why but it's not green so
that's good and we had those Cottonwood
seeds flying through the air all last
week they've started to die out but I
tell you what the pool is full of them
so perhaps next year setting up the pool
like at this time beginning 2nd week of
june maybe probably the better bet
because i bet you money the cottonwoods
seeds are all stuck in that filter
already but hey we're gonna have the
coolest pool yeah boo I got to you you
know I was out here messing with the
pool and sat down for a second realize
it was like 20 past five and then my
buddy Norman's good he goes hey you
streaming today I was like oh snap so a
little late to the live stream but
Carson you want to do backflips with me
on the trampoline you can't why not
whoever
Josh
that's not Alex that's not how we
planned it haha oh my god okay
basketball shots didn't work out I got a
nice little raspberry look on my elbow
so we're gonna move to doing something
cooler with this camera we're going for
wall just show yeah that's right boys
sunset time lapse on the roof
what we jump I don't know I just
appeared up here oh yeah honey let's
come here come here honey look what I
got look what I got I got pizza I got a
pizza would you go Oh would you get me
these are columns choose really come
sighs choose whoa pick out the pattern
and the black and the red and my stove
huh yes you like those yeah okay look in
here Oh pizza oh oh I said in my
livestream that I wanted to go
downstairs because I was doing a BBQ but
Veronica's had a drink I've had a drink
we decided just order pizza sure that's
good we'll get them they're so clean
look at these girls oh yeah just add yep
good picnic thanks dad you still need a
shower yeah you do new shower smell you
I'm just kidding I'm come in yet oh
they're taking their time to make yours
so they're extra special order them
special they may have to make them
fleshy you're just chillin look at you
look at you kitty you having fun outside
yeah flashy takes care of all the pests
out here huh and in return he gets a
cozy place to sleep and all the food and
water he could ever want flashy
everybody wears got proper launch aired
hahaha oh my gosh too bad it's almost
dark man this is funny she literally is
can you get up amber come on amber I
know I was gonna grab this glow sticks
Veronica's honor look all right listen
we're gonna do some light painting you
still need a shower that's the one so
we're gonna do some light painting
photography it's like long exposure
photos but you you use a long exposure
and then while the picture is being
taken while the shutter is open you move
throughout the scene with like glow
sticks or like a phone that's lit up you
can even like paint really cool scenes
so like if you pick a spot and set up
your tripod and then lock it out you
don't change the angles at all and
that's very important but you could take
like a flashlight or an LED panel and
just paint different scenes of each
photo and then in Photoshop merge them
all together and and pick what areas you
want to be bright and which ones you
want to be dark are you captivated or
something we're ready yeah I'm trying to
explain something cool this is actually
a really far apart I didn't hear dealer
today they're drinking new york
peppermint patties okay you Mike's Oh
Mike
get out of here so we're gonna try and
do this without the peanuts going out of
control all right so look we're out here
with these glow sticks and I don't know
if you'll be able to see these very well
and you see so we're doing long exposure
shots this is at a f4 aperture 6 second
shutter and then we're literally using
the light sticks to light up the top and
bottom of the image and then someone
behind us is going crazy with the light
sticks to create some kind of
interesting background and these are
actually looking really cool really
really cool are you laughing at his
picture she thinks he looks like a hurt
alien I they're gonna hurt look at
madisons we're done with that come
inside and these girls are literally
tripping on some on some mother clearly
it's the night for the girls to get a
little Oh a little least were you this
is biter ha oh my god burning so anyway
guys yeah that is where we're going to
end the video for today we're gonna try
and have a little bit of fun before we
hit the sheets I made good bed and
tomorrow something really fun you guys
cannot miss out we're going to have a
pool party with Scott and Lindsay in
their kids we're just going all hang out
and have some water fun tomorrow because
it's gonna be like above nine be very
hot so that's where we leave you guys
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching can't wait to see you
all right back here tomorrow
