that moment when you're in a store and
you've got all the things you need and
you go to the register and you know
here's what we got to do today
I don't know if I've mentioned this but
we're going on a trip in our favorite
rocket ship the Jeep is about to take us
yet again to the Outer Banks we're about
to have that annual family trip together
to me a lot of fun but I've always got
to get it ready for the trip and you
know that means we got to do an oil
change I got that oil filter and I
bought a new oil pan because well mine
like literally disappeared some new
wipers to put on there so making sure
your cars in good shape to make a drive
like that like it's important like it's
you got to do that and I also had to go
to the grocery to get some stuff for
dinner
it's chef Gill tonight not grill master
Gill but chef Gill I'm making some
special amber and her family's coming
for dinner tonight it's gonna be fun
hang out but the kids are almost home
from school and I got a little surprise
for them okay Oh change complete thank
goodness for gloves right you don't get
your hands all like super nasty just in
time too cuz the boys just got home
dudes what's up yo the Jeep is one step
closer to ready for vacation who's
pumped for vacation how was school good
nice I have a surprise for you but I
need to change first because I'm dirty
from crawling under there
let's go okay so I've been delivered
this very special package look at it
like it even said Stephen says right
here
special delivery to Gilroy blogs from
the moose games team and I have to take
this moment to give a special shout-out
to moose games for sponsoring today's
vlog yeah awesome is that
let's see what's inside this box okay
let's see what's in here
oh dude we got we got snacks
gummy bears popcorn what chocolate yo
the Moose games team really hooking up
the Gilroy's oh my god yeah here's some
more these must be what's in there look
these are the boom blast sticks okay
okay so clearly the Moose games team has
sent us a really epic game that we're
now about to try let's check this out so
the game they sent us is called boom
blastx think about in school if you had
to paperclip I know I used to do this
when I was younger you just manipulate a
paper clip in just the right way to
where if you if you drop it it pops up
yeah like that boom you need to lock
your stick right when it's your turn you
need to setup your stick so that it's
not gonna pop out and you need to place
it on top of the game piece which is
this container and you just got to keep
placing and placing emplacement and if
you mess up it blasts all the sticks and
there's a big giant explosion how cool
is that and we're gonna take turns and
I'm gonna go ahead and say youngest to
oldest how about that so I'll go last
this will be Carson yeah Collin Matt cuz
Matt's playing this with them yes I mean
we've got our piles of unlock boom
sticks we've got our players ready yes
yep let's do
my
super gentle like
good literally play this game all night
it is confirmed its suspenseful like you
don't know if they're gonna pop even
even some of them kind of
unintentionally open up if you place it
on the stack even a little bit fidgety
it's over
okay I think it's incredibly clear that
this game is a ton of fun and I'm not
just saying that because they sponsored
us today this is actually a really
really fun game with the family get the
kids together on game night have a lot
of fun and like this I literally I was
on the edge of my seat thinking when is
this gonna pop and when it did I was
lowkey scared you guys are interested in
this game do check the link in the
description to find out where you can
pick it up for yourselves look we're
gonna fuzzy down fuzzy down we're gonna
fix it we got time for that you know why
cuz it is time for that's right chef
Gilroy I'm busting up the apron on this
one girls look we got all the girls
there's a problem we go the girls here
wait doesn't have to know just because
it says no no no no it is italiano okay
this time for the Italian dish cause
these girls thinking I'm gonna cook
steak girl guys take away
and just like that
daddy girls may not happen what do you
think how's it look breelan
oh did you try your bruschetta yeah nice
little cheat sheet for your dad's
forgettings like one of the easiest
things to cook so when it's spaghetti
night you make dinner
true story ate all of my food and I'm
literally now comatose on the couch does
anyone else feel the same way you get
yeah this was a nice surprise for her
I'm sure bran who usually considered
stuff that I said you know what tonight
I'm taking over you know we should show
everybody the morning hustle right cuz
it's a real struggle
alright let's show them the morning
hustle ready guys okay the morning
starts at 7 o'clock with breakfast
calling like cereal and Carson likes
waffles I don't know why he's just
simple like that as for me well you know
what gets me started well they're eating
their breakfast it's hot to make their
lunches but best of all after they're
ready and dressed I could finally get my
cup perfect timing
shoes on boys dressed lunch is ready
here put those in your bags by the way
and it is just about 10 till which means
we've done it again that's gonna be
where we wrap it up for today guys thank
you so much for watching it would be
super awesome if you smack that thumbs
up button if you're not subscribed
please go ahead and do so now and as
always we cannot wait to see you right
back here next time
