hey guys welcome to today's vlog we're
here at the barn again because starting
day out with me today we're here
cleaning stalls and you guys good to see
something really cool
they are bailing their hay today so
we've got these big hay wagons this one
still needs filled up but this one is
pretty full we'll show you how it all
gets bailed up and then we got put it
all away like one of the most exciting
times here at the farm we get the bail
head somewhere like Whitey's days later
we'll be unrecognizable covered in dirt
that a couple wagons come in from
another field that we buy off of and now
you're gonna be ours
doin baler here goes time to get to work
on the wagon here he's gonna start
stacking it up perfect little road
these guys do for a living they're
serious dairy farmers
they also plant soon
they're trying to put this hey away in
the donkeys are like trying to sneak in
there like this done it's a lot that's
Riley Liza can you say Briley so all
that's going on out there
the hey hey mailing process and all that
we're in here cleaning the stalls I'm
coming mom thing but I'm coming back to
help her you guys are probably wondering
what this contraption is on his face
come on Marvin look there's hay in here
come on that is what you guys call a fly
mask you know when they're out in the
pastures the Flies you can get in their
eyes and cause like secondary infections
and stuff like that so we keep a fly
mask on them to keep the flies out of
their eyes
we are multitasking here today they just
came through with a load of hay put it
down not away for right now and then
I'll pull the Gator back through
cleaning another stall look Eliza she's
helping you're helping look you got what
Nana's gone wheelbarrow mises got a
wheelbarrow push it here we gotta walk
ready push there you go yay he's gonna
get a car look here's a little there's a
little tractor oh and you can dump dirt
scooped it huh
dump it oh she loves playing in dirt
yeah
oh yeah
it was a tractor music tractor hmm yeah
a tractor I don't know if you guys can
see that but it's Connor and ninja
they're each on the other side of the
fence him Connor scratch and ninjas back
and then just scratch it Connors back
there you go put in a bucket put in a
bucket
good job Liza good job look at their
girl just trying to learn the names of
all these kids and then we've got cam
with us too so she's getting them all
confused there's a k2 look this is
teamwork guys three of them on hitting
that stall and look baby license to
stand there watching like I wanna help
hey youtubers no commenting on the
outfit network they take a around your
hat we have two barn outfits and that's
just clothes that can get ruined so you
might snag a hole on your breakfast
tubes there are the good ones
everybody but Monica's mom comes
straight for ya mom comes straight from
work you need a cam Collins up there
helping
sitting with her nanny mm-hmm all the
kids usually call my mom
Nana the boys cane you know all
grandkids boys called her Nana but Eliza
calls her nanny nanny are you sitting
with nanny on a hill bathe on why do I
keep doing that I keep saying backwards
hallo based on the hay bales
Robel teamwork here today guys how was
it
I've been working all day all day
failing is hard hard work you did a good
job
hey no this is what just volunteer work
Carson watch out you're gonna get
clobbered uh calling Carson are helping
damn good job boys don't get fun people
with a bumpy ride huh
oh my you can't get down
today she has today oh yeah yeah I
haven't done that yet well we're gonna
have pizza
I called chase texted him told him
what's up I haven't heard anything yet
so we'll see so we have moved to pizza
time we got good old Papa John's oh so
yummy Carson come here Liza I got yours
right here look how much lives already
eight of her pizza that's not very nice
Liza here hey no ma'am
come here come here
just like a banana pepper it is a banana
pepper before it's cut up right that's
good it's good right yeah you're like
some but I need a drink
okay so we're just eating some pizza and
mrs. mom mom got Liza eaten you had it I
see you was watching something on your
phone and then you wouldn't go to my
porch it on that instead or something
okay okay mom
what a feeling Liza I'm talking to Daddy
all right bro you gonna play
hide-and-seek I don't know I she comes
back out
okay let's I think we're gonna do a fire
first yeah so later we're gonna play
hide and seek after we do this fire oh
by Carson oh they're in Cameron look at
Liza driving the tractor hi
he's fine beep Eliza's down there with
her shovel cleaning up the stalls again
even though they're clean she enjoys it
but we came back out to do one last
round in the barn check water check hey
check everyone make sure everyone's
kosher no no baby there you go getting
your pet in don't be scared of them
remembers you Colin he's like okay I'm
gonna eat now it was a busy day at the
barn like I said there was lots of
teamwork going on today and everyone
helping each other and it all makes the
farm run smoothly we had to take over
the ball yeah we had to take over the
ball was not the intention but chase was
trying to get stuff done and picks his
drowning
this is my and so I just kind of left
time for him I went over and got the
kids and took the camera and made it
happen huh
look at this guy over here I'm just I
was I was a Brooke Davis taking the lead
he wants to pull so far heavy pounder
bars I started a live stream on you now
because what is on your shirt we've been
known and we're we are all feces burning
nasties there anyway everything we did a
lot well it took me like five hours to
fix the drill and then I fixed it here
she wanted it's fixed hi punkin oh
that's right you guys you heard it we
fixed it the drone is fully functional
I've already flown it and everything as
you saw what when Veronica walked in I
was doing a you now live streaming I
shared it live with everyone just in
case it went out of control and crashed
you guys would have seen it but you
didn't see it yet tomorrow morning I'm
gonna take this guy out and do a proper
flight with this record some footage
make sure everything's kosher but I
couldn't be more happy like whoa I fixed
it it was crazy it's actually kind of
tough all the kids have gotten bad and
in their PJs yeah Colin I had to help
them shower and check them for ticks and
stuff calling out a tick on his back Oh
pull off and I I just pinched it in half
with them I mean begin the shower myself
dirty do you
the pride smell dirty - I'm just kidding
- I'm sorry I wasn't in the video today
much guys but I had to fix the drone and
I did it's fixed good perfectly
functional yeah I'm pretty stoked about
it actually we had lots of fun today
boys did you have fun and fun yeah
that's where we're gonna leave you guys
for tonight thank you so much for coming
along with us and seeing the farm life
and I can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
