morning guys we're starting the day here
at the barn we are meeting the farrier
here we're gonna get his hoof fix so
we're just kind of waiting on him to get
here I actually was gonna brush ninja
and get him all cleaned up and stuff but
I took all the brushes home to clean
them the other day and they're still
there I forgot them also another
unfortunate thing that's going on with
ninja right now is he's got some sort of
fungus they usually call it like rain
rot from where like they've been wet and
dirty he mix half and half of like the
brown Listerine in water and then you
just spray on the parts of the fungus
where he's got the little bumps and
stuff and then kind of let it soak and
then like pick the scabs off and it goes
away so I'm gonna do that why we're
writing on the farrier I'll give you
another look at his hoof and what it's
doing it did get a little worse since
the last time but he's still fine he's
not limping on it it's not hurting him
or anything but it doesn't he fixed and
as you can see we've got the boy ninja
this here is flared out which is not
normal and then he's got this chip out
of the front so not exactly sure how the
farrier will fix it but we are going to
put new shoes on him just on the front
put some horseshoes on help keep his
feet build up hopefully for longer this
is Dustin since they don't look at us
hook is it bad is it fixable
it'll be sad then mom said he did want
shoes we do my shoes on the front then
did this happen just because he's he was
long and caught it on something maybe or
one lightly it's hard to say why they
should you know why is certain
particular chip returned you know
general what tips a pretty big the think
was like how its waters
right
it's hard work it's hard work ha
so you obviously gotta make sure the
shoe fits right
the ninjas got his two frat shoes on but
he does have like a void in the hoof
where the chip came out so Dustin's here
is going to fill it with it's like a
resin type stuff right so that way
nothing gets between the hoof in the
shoe and causes any more damage or
anything
I'm poignant job right ninja gone all
trimmed up and in shoes on it's hard to
see from this angle just trim the back
feet she was on the front I think wow
look at Clyde over there he's like look
at me hey did Clyde sir we have been
patient ninja he's licking my hand
little bit of time has passed
walk ninja around he's good on his feet
I mean he's a little sore but that's
expected he hasn't been worked with and
stuff but we have another problem that
we noticed while he was getting his feet
done his sheaths on on a gelding you you
have to make sure it's cleaned and stuff
in which he just got his clean the other
day oh it's been a couple weeks but all
of a sudden we noticed he's swollen in
that area you can see this here and
swollen and it's hot so that means
there's probably a sign of infection so
we are taking a temperature sorry for
Tessa what is a normal temperature for a
horse 101 is normal for a horse so we're
just taking this temperature seeing if
he has a fever if it's not one thing
it's another he doesn't seem like he's
in any pain or anything but a swollen
sheath is no good especially when
there's heat no temperature we're good
no fever he's 99.7 he's good Justin I
had to break for lunch while we were
waiting on the vet to pulse back got
ahold of the vet and he's coming in the
morning to check out ninja and see
what's going on with him
he advised us to give him some Butte
just like a powder it's kind of like an
ibuprofen for humans to help see if the
swelling goes down
and that'll kind of tell them more about
what's going on if the swelling doesn't
go down starts eating it like oh I'm
getting the tree and then he's like wait
a second there's something off of this
it just really concerns me because he's
he was when we left to go get lunch and
it's only been one 30 minutes a couple
hours have passed and then just still
swollen we are just kind of waiting to
see if he's gonna pee well I mean we've
been here since 10:00 10:30
what pusher 5:00 now 5:30 so if he has a
paid within you know it's a couple hours
or so I don't know what to do sleep in
the barn all right so that's good news
that you know you still peed
there's no restrictions or anything
there so that's good so now I guess
we'll be back 8:00 8:30 in the morning
see what the vet says bye baby my all
right he peed so Tess is gonna keep me
on call tonight that she comes out and
does her nightly check and yeah if it
seems were so whatever let me know why
so will you get in or you get no update
on my day since Veronica's in the shower
I had to break for some brain fuel
that's that strawberry banana blueberry
yogurt granola I've been trying to work
on legends of awesome APUs ODEs while
also making sure the kids are properly
taken care of plagued with fad all that
jazz here I'll show you this I was
working on the blues I don't know if
I'll make these thumbnails or whatever
but this is a kind of image I'm creating
for each of the legends we're getting
there guys we are we are working hard we
I say we I am working hard on the edits
to try and get these videos ready for
publish and I'm very excited kind of
nervous though because like this is my
brainchild this is what I conceived and
now it's finally like time to start
putting them out there so I'm trying to
make sure to be very punctual
and make these videos the absolute best
that they could possibly be what are
your thoughts Carson nice little family
walk down the street to see the
neighbors how do you say neighbors in
Spanish anyone I want to start learning
some Spanish for reasons I couldn't even
explain did you have fun today
yeah we certainly missed you yeah yeah
better-known showers yeah we smell
better yeah I probably do not what do
you care
reworking your deck look at that toolbox
nice little setup you got there we need
to get you a fresh deck right yeah
our walk brought us over to our
neighbor's house were pestering the
neighbor I realized to pass through you
I got the nicest neighbors you've ever
met I do this is Brenda say hi Brenda
hello that she's so nice no she is nice
she's super nice that's why I like her
changed from a stinking horse barn close
that comfy the boys are just hanging out
over here and playing games but Carson
he looks nice and comfy and ins bed
Nuala comfy
mmm bring out these two boys out here
playing black ops 2 it's just naming day
here names again who sit down table and
I see this meeting from my childhood I
remember this from way back as far as I
can remember I look at this thing it's
how old it is
recently it's her sewing kit she's got
her gonna put the needles up here and
then all the thread in this thing is old
Charlie Charlie Charlie you kiddin hey
this is this is Nana's kid Charlie hey
hi yeah usually ninety doesn't come up
Oh where's echo
where's echo Bo where's yeah
all right it's been a short visit here
mom my mom's ready for bed they both
deduced yond was mommy on lies on lies
is raper bad his lies have got her
dummies on got cleaned up who are you
going tonight you tell everyone tonight
bubbles yeah and there's bubbles
annoying now one of my favorite things
to do when I walk echo just watch
youtube videos and I am super super
pumped about grade a under a freaking
love I got my parts today and I'm fixing
that thing right now yeah so baby lies
in bed one night perfect so this doesn't
even leave you guys for tonight thanks
for coming along with me to the barn
today I know it was kind of lengthy over
there I was there for longer than I
expected but I have to do what you have
to do is thank you for letting me get
some work done today you yeah yeah thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
