Oh where's the Liza's flip-flops those
are daddy's flip-flops where do lies a
lot
hey guys welcome to our day it's just me
and liza just daddy and his little
princess you want to go see grandma hmm
we're gonna see grandma good thing we're
not going that way younggu see grandma
hmm you know it's funny I yesterday was
me and the boys day and today it's me
and my little princess look at her
little tutu wait I'll show you when she
gets out what did grandma give you
raisins that's gonna come out solid in
your diaper good look at that look at
that little tutu you show off your dress
Liza oh my princess hey mama what what
are you doing here aside from laundry
show you something oh here take it look
I brought this pineapple over here
especially so me and my mom can cut it
and by that I mean mom would cut it for
me I know how to cut a pineapple I do
how do you cut I just was looking for a
good excuse to come over have you cut it
well you gotta cut the top off right and
then you're gonna stand it up and trim
all the rest of the stuff off and then
you got to cut out all the eyes and
stuff I know why would well I do well
but it turns into a spiral shape you
know all the eyes and stuff all the way
around and then you get like this
pineapple corkscrew deal straight
serious I swear to God however well I
know that's going to be delicious and we
need to eat it now because it's a
beautiful day and what better to eat on
a beautiful warm day than pineapple yeah
then when you're shaving it you just
shave it
why'd you turn it on haha gonna cheers
the pineapple with me I don't want more
you do I don't I don't want that one
here that's a good one right there hold
on to it cheers to summer at the
pineapple express yeah find out who
spreads everybody look at this we come
outside allies wants to come outside
blue skies blue skies and then whoa
starting to rain yeah mom was this
weather gotta be so oh I'm coming Liza
I'm coming it's raining baby that looks
nice you know what we need to build
something like that for strawberries
strawberries are on the things but I'm
gonna get another one this big both
barrels that's out there put some
struggle more strawberries in it all
down there underneath that Bush is all
strawberries growing please what kind of
plans ah that's pretty cool we're
sitting out in the sun room and I was
just appreciating the progress this
space of my mom's house came through to
get to this point this back door was the
exterior back door for the house when we
first moved in none of this was here my
dad built this whole entire room which
was I think it's super nice that
exterior part out there wasn't there I
mean this was this wasn't even a deck
it's there was like concrete stairs
right there that's it it's a nice place
now look here who knows what that is
right I'm looking my mom sign right
there hippies use side door Uncle Bill
my uncle bill made all those images over
there he's a budding artist I guess
you'd say
from the Cape Canaveral Cocoa Beach area
look here Cape Canaveral Peter who's
been there huh yeah I bet you have he
almost got it to work Liza join chill
chill we should get one of these huh
I Liza looky there ah so fun haha oh
yeah
Hey oh I gotcha here you got dog hair
look more dog hair what do you want me
to do there's all here everywhere you
got so much dog hair you could make more
dogs yeah look Eliza just won't give up
on this we got another storm right there
and another one over here that's Ohio
guys you know they have a saying about
Ohio weather and that is if you don't
like the weather in Ohio wait five
minutes and it'll change foreign whoa is
that a bear yeah that's grandma's bear
he's a little dusty Veronica and the
boys went to the horse barn
they're showing up at like the absolute
worst time
they're gonna have to literally sprint
from the car look at it it's just nice
dick look who's here boys I missed you
there's my wife look at her I want to
apologize to you guys at this point in
the video for the lameness of today's
video ah what are you I'm talking I
swamp may involve Oh sweaty yeah I just
wanted to spend the day you know with my
mama you know things have been kind of
crazy lately it's good to check back
with your roots and make sure your mom
is doing good I mean thumbs up for that
anything go check on your mama right
yeah get this cute puppy yeah Bree Neil
come here come here oh look at you your
eyes are so cute you are a cute puppy
he's a monster it's big yeah a big puppy
soft huh look at him is so cute oh you
shake shake you don't know that yet but
it is going crazy outside it's been
storm after storm after storm all day
today and Rachel from South Africa I
know you like the time left yesterday at
the store
I did have you in mind for that but
today would have been a way better day
to get that I just my poochie boys you
ready yeah I was this one leg tonight
but I changed my mind yes or an antenna
morning are you griping about my dislike
for pork chops yeah oh come on i'm gonna
count luck oh wow mom I love you I'm
glad I got to spend the day with me but
I'm going home fine yeah I was I had fun
either what George you got allies is not
talking but listen my mom if any of you
know my mom she loves the beach she
loves shells she'll look for shells all
day long and she was playing with the
lives of shells and she got her Barry oh
you keep holding on ok
here
yeah yeah yeah what he's out well not
out but down this girls ready are you
pretty tired I'm actually really tired
even though it's been it's just the
weather today I was like awful and then
this is uneventful day guys I'm really
sorry I didn't do anything crazy and
spectacular but I did get to spend
sometimes my mom and it was it was nice
to get to spend some time with my mom
I'm gonna say about that so that guy's
is where we're gonna leave before today
I want to say thank you so much for
watching even through the exciting days
and through the on exciting days this is
daily life that's probably before today
thank you for watching we can't wait to
see you all right back here tomorrow
