hey guys welcome to the vlog look we've
got a storm coming I wanted to take the
boys fishing this morning but there's
some nasty weather here
this is where all the bait is look come
here that's where they they use like the
goldfish for bait bigger fish and
there's all kinds of other bait over
there but we're gonna be using worms
yeah
Collin look can you read you're gonna
they're gonna call the cops on you
make
oh that's good actually we're gonna get
a red worms right here that's all we
need for our first fishing trip
red worms please all right we got the
boys some poles so we're gonna start
them off with some clothes pull the
clothes real poles hopefully the weather
will hold off for us I think it might we
can't catch a break today
hey we're gonna fish in regardless this
is a private pond
Veronica's mom's husband J this is his
parents property and so we're gonna fish
here for the boys first time because I
don't want to take him to like a big
lake where they may not catch anything
before long and they get discouraged
this guy is like stocked full of stuff
so I know they're gonna catch something
and they're going to catch pretty
quickly so with that I got to set up
their poles since they're brand-new and
I'll show you guys a little trick all
right so I'm using these little swivels
right because the hooks we have already
have lying on them so it's just really
easy to disconnect the hook with this
here's how I tie these things on here
some of my dad showed me a long while
ago just feed it through right so you've
got excess on both sides and then you
just wanna you want to have a little bit
extra on your slack end and just twist
it
twist it twist it twist it so now you
got this spiral going up the line and
then take your slack and put it through
not the eyehole I don't know if you can
see it not the eyehole of the swivel but
the little space at the bottom of your
knot and then you just want to pull that
bad boy we've got the poles with the
bobbers couple sinkers on there the
swivels and the hook we're ready to go
and would you believe as soon as I get
both of these poles set up some darkness
is here yeah yours is all ready yeah are
you ready to fish hold on I gotta show
you everything wait oh he already got
one look at him whoa right through his
eye come here
I could I couldn't even capture Carson's
first fish we threw it right in and he
as soon as he did he caught it you don't
have any worm left buddy oh my goodness
what bully min ha ha hey okay listen you
hear that
that's the drag all right so we need to
we need to decrease the drag because you
have too much drag happening or I'm
sorry we need to increase the drag pull
it again there you go that's pretty good
right
and then
very hard to film this because it's just
boom boom boom non-stop worm they're
casting out there catching stuff they're
having fun
there's a blue girl down his back like
that
now this spikes can't hit okay
yes that's fine that's too far back
there you go hold him nice and tight
don't squeeze your like that make sure
you holding them firm and then with your
other hand grab the hook and you want to
like you want to reverse the do it yeah
you are oh now it's your turn Carla
you've got it just back that hook out
there a little stronger boom nice good
job dude
high-five slimy hand high-five oh yeah
the boys are taking off their own fish
is right nice and tight okay make sure
it doesn't slap you nice and easy
don't be shy oh I got nice yeah just
throw them back in the water and go swim
free little fish good job dude high-five
I'm you have fun we are almost out of
bait we're putting the last ones on our
poles right now but we wanted to make a
fun little game to end our fishing trip
we're gonna each cast out at the same
time and whoever pulls in their fish
first is the winner
okay just a little friendly competition
everyone can't always be a winner son I
know that okay whoever pulls their fish
in first wins
Oh
oh man
well waiting guys oh yeah we had fun we
caught a lot of fish went through a
whole tub of red worms and it was good
we had fun look at that was a beautiful
sunset to end our fishing trip here we
go fill in our fish stories yep
they just surrender the hook poor fishy
and mommy wasn't here when we pulled in
so I had to pull back out and get some
dinner to do that cooks yeah was it was
just feeding me frankly yeah so
Eliza's feeding dad I don't know why
she's like oh wow she's so good at
Danine he'd be in more oh she took them
to Mom's oh sure hahaha what are you
guys doing over here
good call dream Oh what are you eating
company leave us Ruby no pictures please
are you going that night yeah I can't
believe it's 39 942 this is what happens
like this this is how summer-like
completely disappears with a blink of an
eye you just have so much fun all the
time and time just continually flies by
and before you know it summer's over
your back to school and well as parents
we kind of appreciate that time onion
but it's so much fun to have the kids
home some of them home would you rather
have I can't wait till she can come
fishing with us badly my baby my baby
that little baby's so cute so look the
boys are watching what we watched last
night gods of Egypt right gods of Egypt
got a 12 percent on the Rotten Tomatoes
a lot of the reviews like from the New
York New York Post I think it was York
Post Rolling Stone magazine they
slaughtered this movie I don't think it
was that bad I know some of the special
effects are kind of cheesy and stuff but
for a 2-hour movie decent story Stewart
Butler yeah the story's good I think it
was a great movie I don't know you guys
should watch it gods of Egypt let me
know what you think about it I thought I
think it's great well my friends it
seems as though we fell asleep on the
couch last night all together as a
family watching movies typical Gilroy
fashion so I didn't get to end the vlog
last night which is what we will do now
I hope you guys enjoyed our super fun
official first day of the kids fishing
you had fun right what we're gonna do it
again right yeah yeah we're gonna go
other places and catch more incredible
fish than just bluegill yeah they have a
bluegill to catfish we didn't catch a
catfish so yeah I don't know my bass oh
they were they were on like the other
side of the pond do you like it over
there oh yeah cuz Jack fed the fish hmm
so that is where we will leave you for
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
ah
