oh I'm out tripped good morning guys
I have come to my mama's house we're
gonna go get stuff for ninja and we're
gonna go get stuff for ninja and give
him a bath fly spray I have an idea
it's to have a spa day for a ninja I
want a spa day for me you will get
pedicures
I'll tree was bald men job tomorrow okay
let's go let's go since we changed their
plans up a little bit we still have to
get some stuff for ninja today eating
some fly spray and Tess actually
recommended this very awesome fly spray
that I have seen work in action and it's
all natural and all that but the only
place to get it is here at the Granville
mill so we came here first to get this
we come in here and we're going for a
fly spray and we're like oh what's that
I've got these Muppets it's not quite
that big yeah I just need some there are
only 64 bucks it's how much the boys
need some boots
I found these fly spray this year
natural fly repellent nature's force
organic knocked down and kill against
all kinds of it's safe around children
and pets I got some for ninja and I got
some for us as well because I have a
really bad problem with mosquitoes and
that repels mosquitoes too so I don't
know me
this Zika virus that's going around so I
gotta protect I gotta I had to sneak
over any of my flip-flops okay I'll take
this boot off I can't go and to get a
pedicure boots on right chase didn't
know I went on her he's mowing right
here well there's no way okay and then
we have to pick a color for our toesies
it sounds pretty Oh mom's gonna go with
the red she always goes with the red
we might have to do this more often
we have so it's crowd thick moisturize
you know but stuff and now it's time for
the Polish sorry I'm still shaking hello
feel better better and there's like
little fans that will join apologize
yeah mom can't even read a magazine cuz
she being free we have pretty pretty fu
to toes we have to leave the little
things on barely gave you one these
nails aren't touching anything yeah
we're gonna get run over yeah we might
tada
thanks for funder thank you for gold
money and I got got home and eat with my
feets work okay
she got Arby's I just got a mountain Dew
I had to feed the rest of the family so
I don't know what we're gonna do for
dinner yet but I may see well how's the
yard look I totally love that
ish I seen that looks great it's gonna
rain soon hey I want to go get a haircut
did you see my snapchat no we totally
did not go too far serious it was mom's
IBM we was planning on going to the barn
but I went over there and she's like
actually let's go have a spa day to
ourselves oh my god oh you deserve a
good spa day cuz I don't know how to do
massages except for one time so chase
went to get his hair cut
I'm hanging out here with the family
miss Liza say hi Nene the boys and cam
watching some Gilroy blogs minute to win
it challenge living room it's a disaster
who once no they clean it up
ten minutes with Eliza alone in this
living room is like an sending a tornado
through it that looks a little better
got everything picked up Liza's having
fun the boys are dragging her around
America she's like do it again do you
want to dig damn who is that
I win got a haircut
Branca had to fix it came home took a
shower look at the clock and it's like
look at this look at this craziness
eight o'clock
how does maybe Liza's up I'm gonna go
wake her up
hi precious
what are you doing
or are you sleeping you got your blankie
you won't come play with daddy you want
babe teddy
yeah Oh looky now we finally got some
rain
it was raining for a few it's stuff now
but it still looks like still looks
nasty this would actually be a really
good time to go fishing
doing good night fishing Liza all right
oh you're drinking sorry would you do oh
look at her dance oh she's so too cute
are you serious hey one of you boys tell
everyone good night cuz you're going to
be e DD no one caught that hey it's B
Edie Hey
we're doing a boys day tomorrow or
something I feel like I haven't seen you
guys you've been doing everything no I
don't want a game night I wanna I want a
rugged adventurous boys day that's what
I want yeah with no games not one like
an adventure like a fishing day no how
about tomorrow that's fine
we got sticks and and twine I'll make a
hook out of a coat hanger to everyone
night cuz it's definitely time for you
guys hi Carson hi Colin
the kids are all in bed and it is now
mommy and daddy time we're gonna watch a
movie
nice little movie with Gerard Butler
that's really yeah it's gonna be good I
hope so this is the perfect time to give
you the old morning transition the
breakfast with my boys I'm changing
enough and actually having Sarah who
remembers golden crisp rice krispies
with sugar get a little sprinkle of
sugar on there sweeten it up yeah yeah
what do you get Go Go babbles I almost
forgot you said you're gonna show them
the weight loss secret that you were
working on before me in today's video we
should probably show them what if it
tell them a secret right now
this here is called sweet sweat waist
trimmer is this cream that you get to go
with it and you put it on your belly rub
the cream in on your belly and then we
wrap this around your belly while you're
gonna do any activity you can have it on
for up to four hours every day I usually
try to do it while like I go to the
horse barn or like I'm working out or
walking or whatever watching my diet and
I'll eat as much junk drink more water
or less soda remember in the comments
yesterday someone said that those they
suggested this sweatbands was what
you're gonna say and that they don't
work I do it totally works after I have
this thing on for four hours like
working out or you know getting my heart
rate up I take that thing off and
there's a puddle of sweat around me yeah
yeah there you have it
weight loss secret sweat it out when in
doubt sweat it out okay listen guys it's
time to get to the edit I wanna I want
to make some fun things happen today as
far as taking the boys fishing I think
that's gonna be out there watching them
try to put their own worm on a hook all
right guys that's what we're gonna in
the video for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
