whoa ready
good job hey guys welcome to our day me
and lies are just having some quality
bonding time on the trampoline
I had to zip her in there so she
wouldn't fall out you and get out you
want to come play no she's like you need
to come in here ah go get you I could
get ya by your daddy crew it is hot you
guys I'm just trying to kill some time
before we have a live stream tonight
Veronica's inside making some yummy
stuff for dinner I'll take you guys in
to see what she's cooking but I'm just
enjoying the weather look we're outside
people we love to be outside especially
when it's nice and hot and I'm trying to
eat look I can't win man look at this
I'm trying to even out this tan but it's
not working
whoa baby oh thank you sweetheart ah
here's how I plan on fighting this awful
tan line
we put sunscreen only on my arms from
here down right that way I have some
kind of protection from the Sun on the
parts that are already tan and what's
not tan can just go ahead and fry hey
guys I am cooking dinner I'm dinner a
little early tonight
because I have to go to the horse barn
and amber is going to work so along have
them
with us I'm fixing the chicken alfredo
roll-ups hey my love yeah mommy oh hey
did you know I just thought of something
we haven't had a date night in a while
oh yeah we need to have a date night oh
yeah
don't you guys agree we need to go on a
date tell us where we should go
there's a fume park dream hey by the
deep hmm got my saliva yeah it's a good
mm-hmm
good stuff she's doing quite better with
using a fork or spoon to eat with but
dinner is done there's the roll-ups
dishing out plates for the kids it's
time to eat where did she go look even
echoes mad it's okay big girl I just
finished the stream I need to eat real
quick look at this so good oh I vomit
Eliza will love me honey come here
sweetheart right you go outside all
right well he sure is gonna make a good
pool man you cleaning out the pool
thanks dude you want to go to Scott and
Lindsay's we're gonna go to Scott
Lindsay's to help get their pool ready
it's much bigger yeah that's fine but
the pool is not ready we're gonna go to
Scott and Lindsay's and help them get
there they have a much bigger pool I
think it's like four five feet four feet
maybe four feet they need to get their
pool liner installed and all that stuff
so that's only two feet yep yep it's
true I wonder how are you
and veronica's off to the horse barn so
she'll be gone for a while it'll be me
and the kids going help Scott and
Lindsay for a few I miss Scott II
haven't seen him for a minute I got here
just in time Scott you're doing good
you're doing good I have no idea how
this stuff works
five minutes later this guy's
spearheading the whole operation right
here never done for my life yeah yeah
this used to be Robin Stacy's house so
this was their pool they know all about
this don't let him fool you
you got a vac evicted thing that's
cold-blooded oh that didn't sound good
realizes just hanging out you got my
keys she can be the one to lose my keys
so we can't go home and the water waters
dirty here that's Flint water Lindsey
YouTube don't like that stuff oh just
like that you guys that's not a liner
goes up not done yeah obviously but hey
what no you can't get in here it's still
a fragile ecosystem
yep that's right who is that Liza that
mummy Oh mommy say mama
there she is
tell Veronica how hot her boots are
these boots are his boots though what
are those what are those oh my goodness
how was the horse barn
hi I'm sweaty no no I mean the horse
barn yeah yeah oh my back
we couldn't get the pool all the way
filled today of course if you're feeling
a pulled s eyes with that guard nose
takes a long time what do you have
planned Scott you got a truck coming
tomorrow to bring water okay so you know
you know we're planning on having the
truck here tomorrow so we're real the
majority a party this weekend well it's
gonna be home oh it's gonna be cold
you mean the water yeah oh that's true
I didn't see that I don't see it warmed
up Scott said something about leaking
party I think that's in the future yeah
sure so I was literally gonna hop on you
now to try and figure out the guests
feature and I see Alex is streaming
we're doing it right yes and Alex goes
I'm gonna chug we're gonna try and chug
beers and so Scott just so happen to
have a beer so we are about to chug
beers together over the interweb Scott
would you hold this for me it would be
my pleasure thank you Scotty
yes
like together it's going to be three to
one click will you do it okay okay right
in three two one three oh that's it
first
oh that was great we do high five
ha ha ha are you literally drinking
alone on Friday night Ben really I'm not
drinking alone
Touche good serve it like 15 minutes
pluses hey do you see how you can't see
past the building yeah neither can i is
that fog yeah you can see past like
across the street
what well that was fun we just so
happened to like hop on to you now to
try and figure out the dual like you can
have they can have fans on as part of
their as part of your broadcast and they
can share their screen with you so it's
like a dual broadcast at that point and
I hopped on you now and Alex is doing a
stream right then and so we had a beer
chugging contest it was awesome look
Eliza's like a little puppy dog get the
light Liza
get the light baby oh you got it Oh
the concrete is still warm it's awesome
they're crazy that's one little
lightbulb waiting yeah it's an LED right
yep nice Oh careful lines up careful
baby I can't believe she's still up and
the boys
you're probably where the heck's the
boys Gil guess Carson where have you
been I missed you on what
oh it's bugs mm-hmm we started this how
long ago oh three hours ago minute hey
that's gonna take a while yeah I think
the bottom looks good you guys this is
what we got addy you got right you got
to get started yeah and then the houses
did you have that looks good though
there's literally not very many wrinkles
at all that's pretty good yeah better
than the last time we did this I think
it looks fantastic
we're gonna have some epic swim session
out here for sure
person did you have fun playing games or
what you I barely saw you all night
you're playing with your friends so hard
which is exactly what summers all about
dude are you thirsty let's go home it's
time for bed Scottie rhombic so tired
and yeah tomorrow have fun the ball game
yeah and Lindsey we'll see you later
alligator
after a while crocodile hey there still
up
oh you were asleep aren't you buddy oh
my sleepy crew it's been a long fun day
although I had to edit for most of it I
had to edit today for like probably four
hours what wasn't all editing exporting
and all that stuff takes forever
she was pretty happy when we came home
huh
more echo Scotty's dog would eat you up
her real nose the here today walked in
went to the bar oh people were asking
about your what you're doing what your
solution is your weight loss right are
you prepared to show you secret oh no
what do you think oh my secret yeah are
we should show them tomorrow well show
them tomorrow you guys come back
tomorrow and we'll show you guys what
Veronica's been using it's actually
quite bizarre what it works I want to
say thank you so much for watching
we're gonna get some sleep it's Saturday
tomorrow maybe go hope Scott and Lindsay
with their pool again but I don't know
we'll see
so that guys where we're going to leave
you for today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
