now if this looks a lot better check
this out
look at that water you gonna do it jump
in Carson go I was I was looking for a
little bit more of an epic jump try
again jump it like run and dive in that
Hey
okay alright well give that like at
least a four okay alright well give that
like at least a four got some
high-quality h2o it's a water boy what
do you think Liza play is that pool
how's it feel it's cold yeah dare you
double dog dare eat ripple dog dare you
triple dog no quitsies no no tagbacks no
no quitsies he failed what do you think
a little better than that Flint water
right yeah I'll tell you what you guys
love to do the call-outs in the comments
that's that's no doubt for sure but uh
we got to pull up still need to add the
chemicals this is just filled overnight
so a little more cleaning left to do but
definitely better than that one okay so
that's not where the fun stops today we
are going to do a challenge video today
the link will be in the description down
below we want to do a challenge video
and we're also going to start streaming
on you now and try and get some more
live streams you know my live stream on
Twitch and I really enjoy live streaming
is that like instant engagement with the
audience and I think you guys really
like that - I don't know let me know in
the comments if you do but for those of
you who are joining us on live stream
we're going to livestream on you now
during the challenge so for people who
want to get like into the challenge
videos right now that's the best way to
do
you can follow me it's Gilroy vlog I'll
put the link in the description as well
- so we have to go get some supplies as
well as some pool chemicals for the pool
so we're just gonna we're gonna keep
moving with this day you're gonna take
care of the pool while I'm gone Liza you
got that okay oh oh you want me to do it
okay thanks honey something great my
lungs will fill in then deeply yeah I'm
feeling that twenty one pilots today but
we are at the store getting supplies for
the challenge videos yellow popping for
welcome to the pool care aisle so far
all I've come up with is a scrub brush
and chlorine tablet aside from that I
really forget what to get for these
pools
lucky for me I found a little booklet to
help guide me in the right direction any
tips or pointers would be greatly
appreciated
alright alright we've got everything we
need we're getting ready set up for this
challenge hon you wanted to explain the
challenges we're doing oh one is I'm
gonna do Cheerios and marshmallows on a
string and I guess you have a minute to
eat off as many as you can
right the other one is the corn kernels
you put them in a large bowl a mine you
take three of them out and color them
like black or some sort of color and
then you put them back in and mix them
all up and you have a minute to find
right well three of them or as many as
you can
I don't however many quarters we decide
and you put it on down table you have a
minute to get as many of them spinning
as Ryan and then the other one
is a large bowl and then a small bowl
inside of it filled with water and then
you try to drop the pennies in the water
and then get them to land in a small and
of course whenever we try and film
anything extra we get some sort of noise
pollution Thank You neighbor okay so is
everyone ready
except for mommy who's got a pee that's
this one right here you see the three
don't mess with them leave them leave
the three black ones are gonna be all
mixed up inside there and you got to try
and find them right now nope
we'll do it for the video and then these
these are like the candy necklaces right
so you got to try and eat them right and
then we got we got this one here this is
the where we have to drop we got to try
and drop your coin into that little
glass are you an expert oh you got to
get five going at once that's gonna be
the hard part
okay I think we're all ready for this
with the exception of mom he's got a pee
and if you wanted to see us live and in
future challenges I think we're gonna
stream on you now while we're doing the
challenge so you guys can see how it's
filmed and you get to see like all the
outtakes and stuff as it happens before
the edits I don't know let me know what
you guys think if you did join us for
the U now in the comments below so we
can kind of get your feedback on that
but
it's time to start streaming you guys
totally missed it I had we had this
thing full of water right and after the
challenge I chased veronika down she
took off way down that way chased her
down with this thing and dumped it on
her those you who joined the you now
live stream which was a ton of fun by
the way you guys got to see it all
happen and that was fun that was a fun
challenge a minute to win a challenge it
will go up today with this vlog I'll
leave a card up here so you guys click
that to go watch it and yeah it's time
for tacos baby Liza she was taking that
boy away from the challenge which is
great baby girl what are you doing were
you sleeping
oh you see your clock oh my gosh our
closets it's a scary closet no you can
go eat go get some food what she's goes
blinky
you may bring your blanky
I gotcha come here baby come here honey
how was it what your little bath I just
gave you
well it's refreshing I'll bet it is hot
it's brown muggy baby Liza's up let's go
get some food I'm hungry I'm starving
come on run
you're a funny girl Liza Megan you E are
you serious what happened
holy cow I guess so Oh his what wait are
you serious are you giving her Mountain
Dew hmm
she's drinking from your cup and you
clearly had Mountain Dew on your cup oh
I bet she does oh oh oh thanks amber for
dinner the kids want tonight swim so
we're gonna let them swim in our or so
coming come on Manny it's actually not
that cold like it actually feels pretty
good oh my gosh look at that cloud I
just saw some Lightning boys you know at
the pool when they see lightning and the
stuff they blow the whistle and they
make people get out and all that I think
I think this is that moment
it's a lightning dude
one of my favorite things is watching
thunderstorms they acquired is the time
for you good night night night hey it's
time for you guys to go no night to
you've done enough destroying in my
garage look at that table holy moly
doing do kisses doing two kisses Liza I
get a kiss oh you're so cute the cute
baby award goes to Eliza
oh it was the cutest thing I'd go
upstairs and I lay Eliza down and she
goes by that deep and she lays down some
sore thumb and we really got tightened
security around here somehow these bombs
got in what the heck Dallas you're
watching the game huh Cavs and warriors
yeah look at my living room holy smokes
you guys summer is really getting out of
control here at our house go to bed yeah
okay night sweetheart
Carson love you so with that guys I'm
going to call it a day I gotta edit the
challenge video and this vlog so I hope
you guys enjoy so enjoyed our a day we
had a lot of fun making the videos I
also those of you who joined us on the
you now live stream that you enjoyed
that something new that we were looking
to get into let us know your feedback in
the comments below and I hope you guys
have a great day so thank you guys so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you all right up here
