what's up guys welcome to the video
today we're tackling the drone fix but
this this is the compass connection the
terminals all like jacked not safe and
then the this is like the battery cable
and if you can see down there it's all
torn down there so that's not good this
isn't something I can fix like I had to
look up the company where I bought the
parts was drones made easy I gave him a
call I said hey listen here's what's
happening they advised me that the board
definitely isn't safe to operate like
that so they are they're hooking me up
they're hooking me up I don't have to
pay if they give me a little discount so
huge shout out to drones made easy those
guys are super awesome
I'm gonna leave a link in the
description for you guys to check out
their website so those of you who do
drone repair and drones or anything like
that get you parts from them because
they're super cool but yeah I can't fix
this yet I got new parts on order
they're on the way we do have a
livestream sharding shortly the family
is gonna go swimming so check that out
we just finished playing some rocket
League check out my rocket League car
that's octane suggested by one of these
guys in here everyone in the chat
getting their goodbyes in thank you so
much for joining us for the livestream
it was uh it was fun we only did for
like an hour and a half but we got a
pull to finish filling up what's wrong
Salafi wooden man what's the matter
you're begging for attention what is it
oh I know what it is I need you here to
the store and get fluffy some cab fare
Fluffy's out look at you look at your
belly you're a big cat yeah you didn't
used to be that big Garfield compared to
you echo you're just a lean little deer
huh okay son
we need the cat food let's see how
strong you are yep that's the one
get it muscles oh my gosh is strong I
want one of these so bad I saw one
yesterday was the yesterday at Cathy's I
wanted it so bad but it wasn't ripe yet
so we're getting fresh pineapple today
boy and some bananas got a load up on
that fruit I love eating fruit when it's
warm out
we still have some watermelon - yeah
with his students a better shopper than
I am
cottage cheese
down here probably
boo Twinkies Oh packed look here I made
a bonehead mistake look at this I put
all the cardboard in the back to go to
recycling I forgot to drop it off and to
drop it off it's like way out of the way
so I just went grocery shopping and had
no place to put it so I had to put it
over there thankfully it's just you in
here or you could just put it I could
have put it up there but you know well
we got to steal some water off our
neighbor over here that's our neighbor
last year we filled the pool with Nana's
water
Veronica's mom because she has city
water and there's no concern for look
this is what happens if we would fill up
the pool with our water it turns orange
that's well water for you our house runs
on well water so we have to have a
softener and all that stuff for the
inside so our stuff doesn't turn orange
Nana's on city water so that's where we
get our pool water miser she tells you
play play and this is what she means
just to play on the trampoline hidden
yes you just woke up from a nap in a
diaper and we came outside take forever
no it won't like that other thing
promise help daddy not a girl
that's a girl Thank You Liza oh you're
big help huh I wouldn't be able to do
this without you Liza we saw how this
went
yesterday's video next time I think I
might get a little lecture clumps might
be a little fair this is how quickly
this pool will fill look at that it'll
probably take my guess is four hours
what's your yes few hours few hours four
hours I say you say sick it's nine holy
cow Oh
welcome to the barns they finding jaw
scraper ride nanda is gonna get his
first ride in a long time
he's like war just spur to the moment
hey let's ride so you guys are gonna get
to see me ride ninja tonight
not to mention our weather yeah the
weather like and we did decide let's do
it late at night because it's nice and
cool now and the weather here has been
like 90 degrees during the day so that's
not fun riding weather for us or her the
horses so laughs forgets never come down
ever we have run into a bit of a snag I
noticed today when I was here cleaning
the stalls that then just foot looked a
little off his hoof do you want to get
in here and talk with me buddy
he's creeping towards me but it's been
four weeks since the farrier is here in
trimmed his hooves and he was here the
other day and I should have got him
trained
here you can see he's got this chip out
of the front he's just wrong and then
this crack there in the side so with
that concern I'm probably not gonna ride
him just to keep the pressure off
Tesla's gonna hold up a ferry right now
and seeing what he thinks but oh just
gonna groom him up a little brush him
out cut his Mane off a little and then
wait till the farrier comes probably
going to have to put shoes on him since
we're going to be riding him a little
more just go ahead and put shoes on
animals build us foot back up and all
that good stuff
we lucked out but but you know going
right through tonight we're gonna get
your foot tried hmm I tried we're gonna
put him back up for the night there is
there is plenty of other horses that
need ridden great Tessa you could say me
or you did say should be should be rich
you can do that just like a luxury ride
we're going to test those saddling up
Norbit he's a pretty Bowl way yeah he's
a young and the young uns music learning
she's maybe
he's my baby but we're gonna put him up
for the night and like I told Tessa I
don't want to turn him out or anything
tomorrow until the back or the farrier
comes and sees what's going on with his
boy night ninja wouldn't em be me we'll
get them all fixed up
no but so pretty this is didn't end up
riding Norway he needed a little more
Brown work than what she expected so she
just kind of did back lunched in this
way lunched in that way
work them a little on on the ground
we were totally planning on riding
tonight it's too hot for this maybe
after we get in just feet back in shape
will be here riding look still awake and
ain't editing some videos
yeah I'm sinking I'm sinking the
interview videos because we shot two
cameras for every injury interview and
so the audio and two camera angles have
to synchronize which is pretty seamless
and I've already done that but now it's
chopping it all up and finding all the
best art pieces most time-consuming part
I got you're good you're good edit or
edit I'm sorry that you guys didn't get
to see me right ninja tonight but
hopefully keep fingers crossed that we
can get his foot fixed and he'll be on
his way to being ridden again you're
anything else that Thursday
oh it's day already so that is where
we're gonna leave you guys for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
