what is happening guys welcome to the
vlog today is Eclipse day are we going
to be able to see it I don't know Liza
and I are on a mission right now to try
and find as many of the Eclipse glasses
as we can find as you know it is very
dangerous to watch an eclipse with the
naked eye we have to find these less to
be able to actually watch the Eclipse
and yes enough last minute I'm going to
try and find them starting at BestBuy
right on the front door of everybody's
probably bought up these glasses you
know me I'm a procrastinator so I was
everything next idea would be Walgreens
they don't tell me I agree so I'm
posting that you might be able to find
them at low it's a long shot but Walmart
is the last spot we have to look locally
someone just posted to me I put up a
Facebook post asking where we could find
glasses someone suggested welding toggle
the arc on a welder or what you're
welding is incredibly bright one might
say it's almost as bright as the Sun
okay we're in the welding Department as
you can see the spots where you would
find a welding helmet or Lin boom all
gone they're all gone Lida
yeah yeah Roman what this is probably a
bad idea
all right all right
we couldn't find any glasses we couldn't
find any welding helmets or anything
like that everything is sold out
hopefully you know what what if I got
the next best thing this is probably
stupid idea and disclaimer the eclipse
was already past but trying window tint
look okay okay well look through the
whole roll you can't see anything right
you can't see anything right this is
gonna work okay let's put it through the
camera let's look at her do this guy
doesn't get dark fast yeah done
that's only one layer and that's I mean
that's not very good but it does
definitely dark have you looked up with
your chance that's a perfect it's not
not to prove for time for a test it's
time for a test look at that it looks
pink purple what it's definitely you got
some real glasses you gonna try mine
haha
do you think about what it looks like
outside as far as like the time of day
it's like a solar noon right now look if
this isn't it so Brooke see the house
lawn right that was like super bright
versus right now they say that your
shadow is supposed to be even sharper
even the skin will look your shadow
sharper than that hell yeah it is
even the sky looks different like gray
yeah it's weird
it is the the UPS guy had a pair of
actual glasses that we both know will go
through moss it looks really cool so
those are way better obviously and it's
more of like an orange actual color yeah
these make it look red and just weird
but we can still see the outline of it
and what's happening as opposed to like
without it your yeah you don't want
stare inside a pretty proud moment right
now I think I figured out how to get at
least something cool on video I figured
out that if I take with my polarizer on
my camera and a sheet of this window
tint I can get a pretty extraordinary
image this is a super fast shutter f-22
eight thousandths of a second shutter
speed ISO of 200 and we're doing an
interval shoot or every three seconds
it's going to take a photo and I figured
it out after it's already started so
it's starting well check it out
I don't know if you can see on camera
but it incredibly strange-looking
and before I don't know if Leonardo's
curriculum
kirkuk are super weird
shuffle shadow thing where writer I
thought it's good to be sharper they do
a sort no look at all these shadows
they're all crescents from the done I
don't know that would be the same effect
of that pinhole camera deal in a wild
earth is amazing so yeah we only got 80
percent of the total Sun coverage here
in Ohio and it looked amazing from what
we saw my eyes are okay I don't see any
like retina burn hopefully the camera
will survive this but the Sun and then
the moon moved together across the sky
so they don't stay in one place for a
long time so I don't think that anything
will happen to so I'll test it
afterwards a man that was amazing
so right there at the end of the Eclipse
I got a call from my family of like your
brother's being taken the hospital I'm
like right now it just experiences an
amazing incredible like celestial event
and then my brothers in the hospital
like chopped what do you do I don't know
it looks good apparently josh has like
an incredible leg back to side abdominal
pain brought on by the Eclipse and the
time the oh my gosh check this out we're
back home and it's taco night we got
everybody in a taco taco did you make
this mean amber you guys smashed it that
looks really good what did you think
you watched it right the Eclipse what'd
you think it was
and I think I've ever seen in the sketch
and Christine in your life Carson now
you said you didn't want to see the
Eclipse did you watch it you didn't want
oh honey you missed it it was the
coolest thing look at this sunset oh
alright it's going down a little bit but
on the night of a solar eclipse
just so happens the sunset is absolutely
amazing I don't think you can see it
properly on the camera but the colors
right now are so amazing look Zack
showed up hi dude we missed you moon oh
did you
I highly doubt it let me check my phone
get yourself a text to me oh I didn't
even text my mom dude so just saying
chase you know him what you called me
you called me out on Christmas and my
birthday you missed Valentine's Day that
was the most important Valentine's Days
for my my wife oh I know you guys missed
the family thank you
hi oh hey tell Debbie goodnight blow me
kiss
two and a half cups of coffee in why not
get some more I'm a big fan of coffee
coffee's like everything coffee is like
a character in these videos coffee his
life ci guys what an amazing experience
to see the solar eclipse I know we
didn't get to see all of it we didn't
get totality it could have been way
cooler if we were more properly prepared
for it what I think our improvisation
was definitely good enough I mean using
six layers of window tint as solar
viewing glasses probably wasn't the best
idea but it worked and that window tint
was able to give us that cool little
clip that I did get but seven years from
now we're going to get another solar
eclipse and that one will actually pass
right through Ohio I'm pretty excited
for it and we shouldn't have to drive
anywhere so yeah my friends that is
we're going to wrap up today's video I
want to say thank you so much for
watching I hope you all have a wonderful
day I can't wait to see you right back
here
