doesn't she look so cute get that dress
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
matter of fact it's gonna be close to 90
degrees so it's water day hey yeah sir
we got snow that's right so I can
breathe underwater we don't have a pool
yet we have to set up the pool still and
I don't know if I updated you guys I
don't know if I updated you guys when we
tore down the pool last year it it still
needs cleaned a little bit so it'll be a
couple days before we get the big pool
back up so I need to go get a little
baby pool go through it again Livie
girl Liza
that is what
here baby
fives a good daddy good daddy
: why is it come on she wants you so bad
it feels good yeah okay so I got a
little pool for Eliza and before you
guys go nuts in the comments I know
chase put your shirt on but look I gotta
even out this tan here we go
you don't yawn oh my gosh
now all that's left to do is fill this
bad boy up
which probably take twice as long whoo
come get it Liza look the water's all
hard water it might be worth it for us
at some point to put city water into our
house
you
you
this is so funny
such as little tiny oasis for a
ridiculously hot dad well they're having
fun with that I'll show you guys the
current status of the old pool I pulled
it out yesterday and I mean it's not
damaged hurt or anything it's just dirty
last year when we finally decided to
take it down it was way too chilly you
know to get in there in the water and
clean everything stuff so lesson learned
when everyone else is shutting down
their pools like Labor Day ish or you
know not too far beyond that it's time
to take down your pools so I think what
I'll do is I'm just going to drag this
over there and get the hose on it and
start scrubbing out the interior of it
because we can't have kiddos swimming
and rust-colored water all summer mm-hmm
no sir so I took a little breather to
get a shower we finished cleaning up the
pool there it's ready for water we'll do
that tomorrow Veronica came over here to
help her mom and Jay do some gardening
hey sorry oh sorry
paparazzi oh my gosh I'll be back love
you have fun well they're finishing up
some gardening I ordered dinner from
Olive Garden I've been dying for some
olive garden salad
strangely enough love their salad so
that's what's for dinner tonight
thankfully goodness who's hungry my
princess you just woke up she looks like
it mm-hmm
are you hungry Liza you want some food
she sees the crab Oh crab I got some
tiramisu last time we had our garden I
got tiramisu but I think I was going out
of town or something so I brought it
home with me and never got to eat it so
today was Redemption everyone enjoy
loved the pasta loved the pasta whoo I'm
tackling that tonight for sure oh yeah
no the Phantom repair Liza's like cumin
y'all look at this little girl what are
you doing huh you just like sitting in
your stroller what's on your foot what
is that this is your toes dinner was
delicious
we've got a fun day guys hanging out
with kids water finally it's warm enough
to play with the water and that's just
something we love to do around here not
to play right Liza like play right yeah
Oh
I can tell you what guys I feel so
blessed to be raising this baby little
girl she's being such a sweetheart
lately let's see what mommy's doing
she's doing something who remembers this
contraption we made for Nick Collins
birthday just a PVC sprinkler we had
this going earlier I don't think we
filmed it my battery was dead Oh what is
that Veronica's gonna plant something in
there interesting this is what
Veronica's up to wait listen it Oh huge
she's planting cantaloupe in this little
thing I'm super confused but hey you
know when when your wife goes off on a
mission you just let her see what okay
I believe you what about this one well I
need more soil
I've never seen you be so green thumbed
mmm not really but get him yeah yeah
daddy come on mother who did Eddie oh
thank you Oh binky binky her loves her
daddy okay just hanging out enjoying our
lovely little family you guys dinner was
good right yeah yeah
do you enjoy your you had chicken
alfredo she had five cheese penne pasta
right ZD that's right
I had the lasagna classic lasagna so
good I'm about to break into dessert
tiramisu who wants to try tiramisu with
me no I don't think so
try it it's delicious here's a cake
taste okay it just did a coffee HP
coffee ice nice cream coffee
let's give Eliza taste here baby
like coffee here buy coffee flavored ice
oh here have a bite oh my gosh look at
her hair like that's it hey bite daddy
take a photo goodbye MA it was a Liza
not the fish but her who is it named
that character what movie what year
here's a child
here yeah getting by when the kids are
playing together my it's like what you
would want to see your kids play with
each other Oh bye baby I love you
well guys I think that's the end of the
line for today we're about ready to put
these guys and bad guys want you to
everyone good night day night Liza she
says good night
so guys from here at the Gilroy House I
want to say thank you so much for
watching today that is where we are
going to leave you I can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
