hey guys welcome to the vlog look what
we're up to today building forts first
thing oh yeah look at this highly
elaborate for it bill boy is it flippin
awesome you guys stop same freaking
because people think you're saying the
other word no you should really come in
here I can't fit in there first of all
and I have another important task to
finish which is hanging a ceiling fan I
picked up the ceiling fan last night at
Walmart because our air has been acting
funny it's Memorial Day weekend it's
gonna be really tough or highly
expensive to get something to come out
and look at it and I wanted to see like
fan anyway so we're gonna hang the
ceiling fans
hey yo yo look we have to move right
along with this project because Broncos
I its morale day 2:30 supposed to be
leaving for some function soon but I had
to get through this look we're almost
done it's hung I'm wiring it now pay
very close attention you guys when
you're putting up new fixtures and stuff
like that you gotta turn the power off
or else take a shot all right
this is the moment of truth it looks
right and looked just like we did let
downstairs with the downstairs ceiling
airer got to find a way to get that
stupid ring off there but this one came
with a remote which is nice so now it's
time to flip the switch and see if I did
it right ready yeah
cross your fingers here we go
nothing happened maybe you'll give us
money whoo nice all right let's see if
the family go oh no no no no no no you
don't touch it son
okay I'll be back to clean you up later
Branka said Amber's having food at 3
o'clock
it's just not 3 o'clock so we're brought
it out in time
Colin Carson come on let's go
ah
jumpy you know what's coming and you
jumped look here I was like told to be
down here at 3 o'clock
food to be ready 3 o'clock nope I got
roped in the grill mastered look what we
got
Oh Memorial Day barbecue you got corn on
the cob honey Oh
holidays sweetheart
not on the cob look at me I got a
double-decker burger hotdog baked beans
sorry honey huh pasta salad oh nice
ok
it's quick eating over at Amber's we
have to literally eat and run we're
going to Veronica's dad's house now
I just I'm stopping a baby license of
diapers poor baby she goes through
diapers I can't wait till she's
potty-trained but yeah we had to drive
separate cars because we're bringing
home a little Livie tonight Olivia's
staying the night with us another
sleepover look at the cutest thing ever
Liza you're in your car you can go
driving you can go pick up your date go
to the mall close your door put your
seatbelt on
you show daddy how you drive come here
come here look out here do you see I
don't know if you can see them they're
so small it straight looks like it's
snowing like all all these white seas
these floating seeds everywhere I don't
know if you can see him oh I caught one
all these little white like cotton like
little seeds crazy yeah they're
everywhere is that the biggest one maybe
oh yeah now you can see him through this
light it's so crazy you guys thought I
was the grill master look at this setup
he bone t-bone on the grill look at it I
don't think we've ever shared him
grilling on this this thing it's a more
brick and mortar free bricks all free
brick oh yeah that's awesome
look at that oh that's so cool t-bones
blue skies warm what a great weekend
look this is the back side of it that's
cool TiVo I actually came before I knew
t-bone was in the equation yet why tell
them if they didn't know already
Cathy served in our military what branch
Air Force right what was your position
would you do show muscles again whoa
whoa really yeah you have why that's an
a-10 mm-hmm this is what you used to
learn you see that movie guy
and in this one kinda well this is what
comes out live whoa yeah that just that
project out right there yeah before
rounds could you imagine getting hit by
this is a lot of room no okay all right
thank you to everyone women have served
in our military in our fallen soldiers
yeah I said that on Twitter earlier
Memorial Day isn't just about barbecues
and all that stuff it's a serious
business so thanks to those of you who
served in our military who are currently
serving or those who we have lost who's
this
remembering our fall and I see a bunch
of little baby birds you forgot one
little baby bird baby bird last thing
you want is some whipped cream no I mean
me here yo Liza oh I did I heard about
them
some wiser it's good presentation that's
for me
oh she likes it now is that good why is
it definitely needs one of these little
rocking chairs at home oh you're
breaking it
what are you doing
after dinner fun these guys look we got
all these kids coming home well these
two always come home with us but we got
one extra and this fussy baby Liza are
you happy are you happy happy car
she loves that thing car oh you like
those flowers those pretty flowers you
can smell it no you smell the flower
don't pull on them you just smell them
yeah there's more it's gonna be like
nine o'clock these kids needs baths I
don't know you see your feet baby Liza's
got this country girl feet it was fun
Cathy thanks for dinner happy Memorial
Day pops see ya look what they did I
didn't think I showed you look at all
that stone they just redid their whole
front looks so good I want to do
something like that in my house
somebody didn't make it look you guys
wrong cuz freaking out she's breaking
out on something to how you were you
weren't playing in the woods or anything
something's going on here something's in
the air boys I mean I doubt that I doubt
that I'm starting to freak out too
because like I don't I I don't I don't
have anything on me it all came from
Cameron Cameron had her first and then
Colin Carson never got anything
are you still you're not broke out
anymore with your poison ivy oh we got a
knee buster well this is the current
status of my living room again sleepover
yeah let me spend the night watching
movies I saw I saw some comments about
me actually being the one who stayed up
yeah I stayed up last night and watched
that whole movie I loved the Tron maybe
I thought it was great yeah so I stayed
up and didn't fall asleep and everyone
else fell asleep interesting change for
sure what do you see
there's nothing up there girl I promise
on oh I see you're saying we should go
upstairs to bed cuz we gotta get up
early
okay okay okay I'll take the end okay
that goes right guys it's okay it's time
for the end of the day we we've had a
fun day it was a good day hanging out
with family having barbecues celebrating
the holiday weekend and we should all
remember that the meaning of this
holiday weekend is to remember those who
have sacrificed their lives for us to be
able to do the things that we've done
this weekend to be with our family so to
you and the service who have served or
are currently serving we thank you we
appreciate you and yeah that's where we
are gonna end today's video I want to
say thank you guys so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you all right
back here tomorrow
