what's up guys welcome back to the vlogs
I hope you didn't miss us too much today
is going to be a very exciting day we're
out in the beautiful sunshine I'm
getting some some Sun lotion on so I
don't burn myself listen let me show you
what we're doing that's so much fun
okay so come here follow me check us out
today we're doing something at my
brother's my brother is notorious having
these epically ridiculous parties and
today is no different
come here come here you remember in
school when you had like the last couple
days we're like super fun they called a
field day today we're having adult field
day we have a launch in dodgeball core
set up right here look at all those dog
balls it's about to go completely insane
and check it out over here we have I
think you call it gladiator jousting
appropriate right gladiator jousting
what about bow bow hey sweet
do not touch weapons unless you're
entering gladiator ring well let's go
bro do you want to see my shirt when I
sign your shirt yes you can tell me I
had to do a quick change look we have to
wear like these white t-shirts with the
X's on them designating our team color
so Veronica
amber not addy cuz she's wearing green
Samantha thanks Jan this boy right yeah
we're getting that's the blue team so
when we go out there in the dodgeball
court we're going full-on battle mode
with the Green Team I'm after you Dallas
dang it Bobby
I got you puppy and it doesn't just stop
with dodgeball on those fun games we are
gonna have
all right some serious drinking Samantha
what's an enemy of the picture I press
free what do you call this yucca yucca
but it's so far from yucca it's so young
hey Jay Sammy yeah yeah
like here that multitasking done me bro
what do you want sign put put it
wherever you are terrible trade you haha
right I didn't nice what's reppin Josh
made this really awesome like fence for
the dodgeball arena and we just got a
dog run right through it now we got a
twine it up what's this last hole
I go inside for two seconds with taken
number two and this is happening what
are you doing oh really you are me at
the top I'll be at the top I'm a little
guy so I could be at the top second
level it was totally a gap
Veronica's getting frisky already
tonight I need I need where's my mum
made you need more lemonade it's about
to go down guys it's time for the adult
dodgeball tournament
whoo dodgeball was extreme insane very
rough look who came to visit mommy's
here sweating her buns off I just poured
water I just poured water down there I
was like let me get you again she said
no no we're about to move on to
tug-of-war and we're going to carry the
team so it's always going to be blue
team and then green team so we've all
just took in a little water break now
it's time for tub Oh war
you
yeah
refilled our lemonade and now we're
heading for hit ball oh Jesus yelling at
me with
everybody wins everybody
that's good Scott that's better for or
was everybody to every rate for
everybody good job very Paul that's all
we're cheap sucks
Oh Dan then there's Zach you guys okay
to get him oh you don't want food just
like any field day
you've got lunch time and everyone's
smashing some chips
Lunchables some sandwiches where's them
sandwiches I think they got something
look at y'all go sandwich okay guys it's
time for this one I'm ready for this
he also wants to take me you guys this
is gel sting
ah
wait after a three-legged race Oh
three-legged race okay moving right
along we we just finished with another
round of dodgeball really catch that
look we've done it all man dodgeball
gladiator Joe's really good together
um what did we call it mat ball and
we're getting ready to do three-legged
race now I am beat you got my fee so bad
I know we was in the lead on the way
down and then the turn they were quicker
at the turn yeah and she was like on my
foot the whole time side of her cuz like
oh I don't know stepped on tonight yeah
is everyone having fun everyone having
fun a little better okay ready go you
guys are on it girls all right so you
guys see in this hour I would have
actually all autumn that's gonna be all
ready to go
male prophylactic filled with water I
think you should do a little more yeah
yeah I think a little more because it's
a lotta ways to bust so I didn't put in
the vlog but on my snapchat I just put
what was said ah for like a game
telephone which would determine who has
to put the the look at that size wave up
on the head and it was Lindsay yeah you
messed up I messed up the UH telephone
yeah
and this is your consequence this is
Josh whenever you're ready no yeah
Oh bummer okay this is uh this is cheek
tune I think more like here we go so I
guess I got conned into trying this too
here goes and don't let sangil down yeah
Sam this was blast and Josh another
solid party so much fun did you have fun
Lindsay yeah did you have fun honey
yeah and amber amber product wasn't
gonna come oh she wasn't sure about
coming good more like yeah I'm glad she
came
I really am same time next time yeah
yeah girls ready I know her look at her
she's out there almost to the Jeep I'm
gonna go yeah whoo go
hi bumpy hi kiddos are asleep in there
Oh mommy's checking on them
is exam I am physically exhausted I
haven't played like that for a long long
time I think I'm ready for some you know
like coffee mm-hmm and waffles yeah
these for Carson oh how was your night
boys good yeah did you have fun yes for
a while no you don't summer break boy
yeah you're spinning fast how are you
feeling okay okay okay
I hit my boss what yeah I think I think
everyone who participated in last
night's activities feels pretty rough
today Josh had to go to Urgent Care
because he thinks he may have either
sprained or broken wrist was worth it it
was fun it was such a good time so I
still I'm currently I have to edit this
video you just watched so if it's up
later today do apologize but it's gonna
be nice to just kind of relax and get
through an edit so I want to say thank
you guys so much for watching from here
to Gilroy House we want to wish you guys
a very happy and safe holiday weekend
and that's where we're going to leave
you forward today thank you guys so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
all right back here tomorrow
