okay guys so James and Holly have been
with us for the past couple weeks we've
traveled far and wide we filmed some
epic videos but we couldn't let them go
home without filming a challenge video
and you can tell by the watermelons and
the rubber bands that we're about to
we're about to explode a watermelon so
this is the wall exploding watermelon
challenge and here's how it becomes a
challenge I need you guys to all have
protection huh tuck those bad boys in
Wow here's how this becomes a challenge
as you know when you wrap a bunch of
rubber bands around watermelon
eventually it will explode that's no
secret
but I've got these really cool
watermelon plates there you go each get
a plate by the time this watermelon
explodes each of us had better get in
there and scoop up some watermelon not
off the table the person who has the
most amount of watermelon on their plate
after that after it explodes is the
winner are you guys ready yeah yeah
everyone understand the rules I don't
have my protection on sir hey fella
here's a load of rubber bands
here's your protection sorry madam let's
do this
we've decided to change your tactics to
adding multiple rubber bands at once
with the help of other people so that we
can effectively get these things right
around the middle
Holly's getting sunburned she's got a
switch side
look at the crack on top now sir go oh
my gosh Luco is totally going oh can't
see it from back here
oh I want to put more listen
Oh crackling get down
huh we missed it on here nah I swear
you're on there Oh so as you can tell we
missed the slow-mo shot but that's okay
sometimes when you do challenge videos
you have fails and that's what happened
today we didn't realize that it would
take that many rubber bands to break
this thing but hey we had fun right yeah
so I don't want you guys to miss out on
some slow-mo so please leave a like on
this video goes up to James and Holly on
their channel links in the description
let's destroy this beast
