hey guys welcome to the vlog it's a it's
a bittersweet day for us and Paulie and
I are sitting in James's framing up our
our last video we'll shoot together for
this visit anyways this is gonna be fun
it's gonna be really fun and that
concludes another video so rap that was
funny dude I'm still like you I think
you took the most of the yeah I'm you
probably can't see but I am so yeah we
got to spit on you know I think I first
saw this this video on Jimmy Fallon one
of my most favorite late-night talk
shows Jimmy Fallon and a bunch of you
know big stars do challenges like this
and this was funny dude this was really
funny and to have like slow-mo clips win
the water exits someone's mouth I love
this camera I want to get one so bad cuz
that's slo-mo but yeah you got like an
hour before we leave this is my kind of
flying to shoot videos yeah what would
you do
you had one hour left in America James
getting some last-minute moments with
the boys boys always love it when James
comes such he's gonna be a good dad
whenever he they decide to make that
decision but I tell you man it's gonna
be sad to see these guys go we had
unpause some time and it's just always
sad to have friends come from afar and
then and then they you know everything
ends everything good comes to an end at
some point so show these guys some love
please for me
hi it's good it's gonna be I'm gonna
miss them I'm gonna miss them
come here dude Oh bring it in
see you soon yeah be good Toby your
large streets
yeah I I don't think I mentioned
yesterday but what happened to call him
is he's covered in poison ivy poison ivy
poison oak or poison sumac one of those
poisons we've got him on prednisone
right which is like a steroid so
hopefully you can start working that out
of his system this is bad I haven't seen
it this bad as I okay you gonna be BTS
BTS all right we've got to go let's go
I'll be back in some hours okay well
we're fuel James we're ready to go say
about one more road trip it's about two
and a half hour road trip so yeah I
wanna listen to some tunes we better
have some fun on this one
listen almost since night we're like
five minutes away
and we decided to do
we decided to pass the time with a
little periscope session we've got our
periscope crew hanging out right right
here on the dash Coleman's coming in you
know what's funny is I am a used
periscope for a long time a long time oh
yeah this one last time
periscope fritz there you see that big
Tower there James doesn't hit the air
traffic control tower they're gonna be
clearing your plane for takeoff in just
a few moments oh my gosh something
happened to the airport oh my gosh the
airport is broken oh this is so familiar
and I know it I know exactly how you
feel right now I know
but one of these things you gonna do yes
sir
yeah
no LSAT goodbyes I'm gonna miss you guys
bring it in broski Holly
we had a hell of an adventure it might
be an epic thank you again for
everything by James by Holly we would
love and miss you take care you can walk
away any time so I can get that overly
dramatic effect it's working I'll see
you on skype I am I'm gonna miss those
guys we always have a lot of fun
together but you know life is huh I am
now since I'm in the area I think I said
it already but I'm gonna go check out
what old Danny boy's doing I haven't
seen Dennis for a while actually he just
came back from a pretty epic adventure
so go catch up a little bit
check this out guard this truly is my
favorite view coming down this way look
at that city man
it's so cool
Cinci
so guys I come to you now with a little
bit of a concern a little bit of worry
we're not going to Dennis's I got a call
from my dad saying my mom is in the ER
and she's being looked at for potential
heart problems
so I'm on my way to the hospital right
now to see what's going on maybe we can
give you guys some more information
I'll tell you what guys
some of the hardest things in life that
you deal with are leaving your family
which we just went through and then
seeing those you love in pain or sick
with health issues it's a it's a scary
moment man we don't really know we don't
really know we don't really know what's
going on with mom but we will know in
the morning so I just sucks so the boys
are in bed
Branka sitting here chilling all by
herself I broke my camera this week
paulin's got the poison I have you rash
all over him
mom's in the hospital James and Holly
left it's like a it's like one of those
days you know we still have each other
that's true and our kids yeah we do have
the best family best family family in
the whole wide universe so we ought to
be thankful for that I'm so he's
important in those hard times to
remember and keep in mind what you think
before and we have a lot to be thankful
for that's for sure and about the camera
I just look given James a hard time and
I'm not mad I just love giving James a
hard time about it I know he felt like
total garbage because he dropped it and
it's no big deal we can get it fixed so
James don't you worry old chap
we'll get it fixed I do want to mention
even with the whole my mom's situation I
did plan on the rest of this week until
Saturday not posting any vlogs because I
want to focus
on the editing of the first at least the
first couple legends of awesome do and
it's gonna require a lot of like time
and thought and and I have some stuff to
take care of around here so I yeah I
won't be posting a vlog for C this will
go up tomorrow Thursday so there won't
be a vlog for Friday and there will be a
vlog for Saturday but there probably
will be a vlog for Sunday because my
brother's having a really cool field day
party that I can't let you guys miss out
on I'm not even drinking make sure you
guys keep an eye out for the watermelon
rubber band challenge fail kind of I
will post that a little bit later don't
forget we are back at it with live
streams I am going to do a live stream
today as you're watching this Thursday
at 5 p.m. what else is there it's just
time for the grind baby back to normal
back to business we're posting legends
of awesome videos in the very near
future I need to wrap my head around
that and so I'm gonna take tonight enjoy
some quality time with the missus so
guys that is where we are gonna leave
you for today I want to say thank you
guys so much for coming along with us on
the legends of awesome
thank you so much for supporting us
through everything things are gonna get
so much better and cooler and I want to
say thank you to those of you who've
been here from the start and if you're
new to the channel welcome I can't wait
to show you all the cool things we have
in store for the future so thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here tomorrow it's not
tomorrow this Sunday
next time we'll see you guys on Sunday
