hey guys
we're doing a little bit of yard work
today well Veronica is taking care of
the flowerbeds James and I are back here
filming a video what are you showing
what you're doing honey
get it get it honey this is hilarious
you want to dig in there
lift up on it
there you go
okay good so we need the vlog camera for
Coleman back here because we're making
the video based on you know why you
would vlog or the benefits of blogging
in reference to like it started in
filmmaking you're doing great honey
we'll be back here we just got ran out
of our first spot because there's well I
guess you'd call it noise pollution
people Moen Veronica's running the
tiller so we needed a nice quiet spot to
go and film this video and look James
look at this isn't this nice that care
can work its Shadid got a nice breeze
and nice and green this is what I love
like summertime springtime the
opportunities to be outside to film
I just love videos that are filmed
outside in beautiful weather it's
perfect so this is the this is my second
location for you games you prove it I
approve good noise he'll be happy except
for those semis back there yeah this
video vlogging you guys are in it with
us
all of you you're in okay yeah so today
I'm joined by Gilroy globes yeah this is
it he's actually blogging now hey guys
so what didn't you tell us about
yourself okay so so we're still shooting
this video and we're about to shoot a
clip for it we're like it's like a
cutaway comedy cutaway where I'm walking
through the scene vlogging so you're
coming with me again we're still doing
this look where we are we're in this
beautiful for us I don't mate it's so
beautiful out today I just wanted to
show you guys I'm vlogging it
we gave the advice we gave a fair amount
of like
vlog tips tip yeah tips for people who
would potentially be interested in
blogging so make sure you guys keep an
eye out on that video speed up on
James's Barbossa films the films yeah
it's my second channel basically started
doing loads of tutorial videos I believe
that we've got a lot of like information
and kind of stuff we want to give back
to people yeah look what she's up to
yeah my goodness look at all those
sunflowers that's awesome good job Holly
good job Veronica holy supervise Oh
Holly's the supervisor okay good job
honey
it looks vintage I know James and I just
finished filming a video for his channel
and we were like I was like how do we
come up with a challenge video to use
that super buttery slow-mo that his
camera shoots he was like we should do
the water mountain
you know you guys have seen it you put a
bunch of rubber bands around watermelon
and it explodes hopefully we can eat you
out for nothing well Veronica said get
to we're gonna do the one and then they
can eat the other one so I think that
the boys would love that I think the
boys would really love that so we're
gonna run to the store real quick grab
watermelon and we're gonna compress it
with rubber bands and film it slo-mo
yeah here we are which ones are gonna be
which ones are gonna be was about a huge
film there's a lot to choose from
bigger than I feel that we're gonna be
that's what she said
oh we got watermelons we got rubber
bands strawberries no reason in
particularly thought a nice little touch
would be actually James suggested I
can't take your thunder and we just so
happen to find these watermelon napkins
and little plates set the scene a little
bit yeah we don't have knives
we don't have knives at my house but we
do have a few bags of plastic plastic
with rubber bands and last big bang we
want watermelon hey so we just finished
getting our groceries I forgot I have to
pick up prescriptions for the kids
pollen chemo
hey dudes what's up what's your name
Hayden
: well nice to meet you fellas welcome
to the vlog you want to say hi to your
mom or something it said uh James Oh
chip I know I can't wait for this this
is such a simple video but it's got to
be done one of these things I've been
wanting to do I've wanted to do for a
very long time and now it's like this is
the perfect time to do it looks like
you're ready for the pool James I'm
ready this is what we're gonna be
looking like in this video so we'll have
these napkin bibs and then we've got
these watermelon plates water mom so
what's turning this into like the
challenge I think you guys have always
seen people explode watermelons with
rubber bands but the challenge is we eat
you're gonna have a plate and we're
gonna alternate putting rubber bands on
and so when the watermelon actually
explodes because we know it will the
person who can catch the most amount of
watermelons on their plate is the winner
of the challenge are you ready I'm ready
I'm definitely are you ready honey are
you ready you know worried about you hmm
no really Collins ready over there oh my
goodness look at this this is the
cluster of rubber bands that was around
the watermelon it's kind of sad because
we didn't get the slo-mo clip we got the
very tail end like in triggers tricky
action absolutely you have to run back
to the camera and hit record because it
has like a pre buffer and we got to it
in just enough time to see the very end
of the explosion so Omar daddy but we
did get it on the main camera so that's
I mean that was epic
that actually tastes good yeah I know
bite it just bite it yeah just bite it
despite it all right Holly and I we
escaped for a little bit we ordered
pizza and laughs so by the time we get
back hopefully pizza will be there this
is the enter absolutely so this is where
I normally get they're like shorts and
stuff so we're gonna see if they've got
stuff okay we have been in here five
minutes and was able to find the boys
should be set
comfy shorts comfy dry fit t-shirts set
for someone you guys do not have a
target no no and when we went to the
facial party Friday
the lady was showing off all her
products and stuff and there was this
one telling her that was really nice but
you can get at Target and so he's like
you have to go to Target we don't have
it targets a good story I like to get a
cart just in case cuz you never know
what haven't took up Holly are you are
you wrecking the place we've been
looking and looking and looking for this
stuff and I can't find it
we tried them we did find tomahto see
what so yes - tomato
yeah place of tomatoes yeah never washed
my face with my clothes before hopefully
when we get back our pizzas they're just
we're hungry
let's go eat something Bad's happened
how did that even happen you know how it
happened James I gotta call you out bro
no listen you are kind enough to let me
borrow your camera for two weeks there's
like two weeks and I took good care of
it right James right right yeah all
right yeah
James just pulled me out it's a prank
clip on Holi and turn my camera into a
monocle
shall we started in Gilroy replacement
camera fired
I thought - how on earth Wilson this guy
back this is the camera that went to be
repaired and not needs to go back James
I'm not a new Timon you can okay again
understand
ah well this camera isn't worth more
than our friendship so what everybody
count anonymously you can have what Mike
I don't want that crappy g7x Colin came
home early c'mere : let's show them what
you're working with
this poor guy twice and a month I'd say
okay last time I didn't get this bad
this time
Oh
he's gonna need bedsheets washed every
night right this pillow over tonight did
not wash them today and then I'll wash
them all tomorrow once I should start
him on the prednisone no we're with you
buddy you'll get through this okay he's
just weird cuz Cameron had this last
week yeah it is weird
he's my guy right I'm gonna go right
around his eye and stop it poison ivy if
it gets in his eye it can affect his
vision you don't want to rub it don't
don't be touching your eye for sure I
don't know it's getting late
we're sitting here thinking like okay
tomorrow we wake up we film another
video a challenge video for games
channel no my vlog camera though because
it's broken yeah kind of a sad movie you
guys James and Molly leave tomorrow by
time you're watching this video they're
already on an aeroplane do me a huge
favor and go sub to my friends it would
mean the world to me
and give me that gift please because
James and Holly are great people and I
want you guys to help them the same way
you helped us so please go I mean you've
seen the link in the description for the
past one two weeks yeah every video of
James is uploaded I've tried to help him
push to us so guys do me a favor help me
help James he deserves it they deserve
it click the link go subscribe or at
least go show some love on their latest
vlog
know that you know they're part of the
family the family hey these guys are the
best ever right here I don't believe it
no they're so cool no and you're welcome
I'm sure they say that I think is where
we're gonna leave for today I am
it's 11:30 it's not 2 a.m. so I'm gonna
actually try and get some proper sleep
tonight and yeah so I want to say thank
you guys all so much for watching right
here from right here in the Gilroy house
that's a farewell James old chap poly
beam is a Bissell thank you guys so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
all right back here
