good morning everybody hope everyone's
doing well start a blog out for you guys
today
well the change oh thanks I mean we've
got all these guys here look at this
look at this it's work time it's work
trying to get work now working
yeah eating chips at the same time no
you got one camera yeah water on the
camera it's fine and fire attack thank
you for helping me start the vlog hey
we've got a little bit of work to do
because we want to stay ahead of the
ball game James not working on some
stuff stuff stuff stuff and secret stuff
yeah you're you're covering critical
ground for me okay right now for at
least a little bit yes have fun
bring you guys outside give you a little
bit of an update on my flowers look how
well these sunflowers are growing it's
about time to translate them I'm gonna
work this week on getting like these
front flowerbeds done and planting these
sunflowers knees here these are
succulents there's different types of
succulents but pretty much they're very
easy to grow which is my type of plant
so we're gonna get some of those rooted
and plant those and then I got these
pretty flowers from sunny and Chad's
baby shower so I'm gonna plant those I
need to get a hold of a tiller so I can
till all this up and that over there and
just print plant some pretty likely wild
flowers or something in there I
obviously also need to do some work here
on the side of the house but you can see
I've got this those little weeds need
pulled back there got a couple of these
little plants I think that is a weed the
chase could not get down with the weed
eater and like down in there needs clean
now I'm gonna get this place
stuff a little bit and make it look
pretty
well she will you got kick at the poor
little chipmunk so scared I need to save
it I see run run chipmunk run run for
your life run chipmunk run now come on
mo chipmunk do these guys bite I don't
know she literally just pulled us away
from our work to come in save this poor
little guy but he's not gonna make it
down there look I got flashy contained
in the trampoline oh oh she's coming
she's gonna get out flashy
come on kitty you can't hurt those
Chipmunks I'll be a good kitty
okay well these guys are still working I
got something cool to show you guys
today's video is sponsored by foot
cardigan faux cardigan is a monthly
stock subscription where you get an
awesome men's women's or kids socks
every month right to your doorstep there
are different designs every month you
never know what you're gonna get let's
see what's in our package
let's see these are the men's socks
there's the foot cardigan and we got
eight balls the dudes these must be the
kids we got airplanes and rockets we've
got some looks like flamingos and gnomes
for the girls also the girls eggs no
alcohol are those and waffles and
another one of the women's is keys nice
classy so yeah I mean you walk in and
you've got egg socks on definitely gonna
start a conversation over that one
where'd you get those socks oh I got
those from foot cardigan you can sign up
for just a one-time shipment there's
like a three-month subscription a
six-month subscription and a 12-month
subscription go check them out that as I
will have chase leave a link in the
description hold on look yeah
Collin loves those tall socks and it was
excellent
thank you for cardigan for the sponsor
but I want you guys to have a real quick
sneak peek at this one look at this shot
bring it in here already yeah you need
to show it
water slow oh okay that's not that's too
much that's too much okay Veronica went
to the barn to take care of the horses
and stuff I'm here taking care of baby
Liza and for the first time since it
crashed I am about to fire up the drone
and see just how bad the damage is I'm
gonna try and start the motors and see
what they sound like I know this one's
probably wrecked for sure because this
is where it hit the
you can see like the whole entire
plastic chassis is bent and these ones
all sound okay but this this one
definitely needs to be replaced
definitely you can see the the actual
bracket that holds the gimbal is is
broken if the gimbal is still good I
want you to replace this so let's just
cross our fingers and hope for the best
I'm gonna start up I'm gonna start up my
application here whatever happens just
don't let it go look at the gimbal the
gimbal is still going let's see here
it's great just hold it steady I really
want to be able to see something here my
biggest fear is that the board is
trashed and if it is I already checked
on it and it's like four hundred dollars
right so I had to move out to the the
workbench so I could get some more room
to work so I got the gimbal off and I
got to tell you nothing seems to be
broke on here this cable connection that
connects to the vision positioning
sensors this was a little bit loose so
I'm just double-checking some things to
make sure that everything else is good
and then we're gonna fire this thing
back up and see if it works let's see if
we can't see anything from oh oh we've
got action we've got action guys oh yes
it's very dark here look you can see
right here
you can see the camera holy cow this is
exciting so we know the camera still
works so all I have to do is order this
bracket that's broken that holds it onto
the drone we need a new shell because
this this part this isn't good and it's
not something I didn't feel comfortable
flying with I might be able to fully
restore this drone back to its full
functionality so that is exciting
that's not where today's fun stops we
actually have Brittany backing out and
Mike's out here with Nora yep we're
gonna have some fuzzy oh there's some
peeing Avenue sensor that one oh my gosh
yeah we're gonna go I think to our local
park Mike suggested a fun activity with
the dog why don't you just tell them
briefly what so we've trained her urban
mushing which you guys aren't familiar
with it I'm sure you're familiar with
the snow sledding where they team up
they have a whole bunch of dogs that
pull the dog or pull the humans like
what 30 miles an hour or something yeah
so now imagine that on a skateboard
behind her going down trails
James do you think you'd fall I was just
thinking do we have pads so look here
let me show you guys this if you
remember me filming at the linkster
skate park there is a crack something
like this you see that that's bad for
skateboards but penny boards are a
little bit different because the wheels
are a li softer and B they're a little
bigger
you think
we're using the German people eyes to
cool
so now it's my turn to give us a shot I
haven't done this for a while actually
ever so I'm gonna need a little practice
run
how'd I do be honest Mike how'd I do we
do I could only imagine that board is
actually really nice those penny boards
I've never had a penny board before and
I really want one now because they're so
smooth and really smooth and I like how
it kind of flexes yeah
sidewalk surfin dude that was fun I
wanted to do it some more
Oh get it calling nicely done sir
was it fun yeah where are you going big
girl look at her she's a champion bare
feet in the rocks Liza you know that
hurt ray or does it rocks yeah
rocks poor dog man she's she's such a
champion you did good Nora I can't
believe they can go like that
these Huskies are incredible beasts come
on Liza
ah you see dandy is that the dog pound
back there boys look at you
Brittany I think my kids are in love
with your dog
I can't wait to lam this bad boy oh no
not like that
look at Cohen aura getting to be
reappointed now they're about the same
size before echo is what very small
right like a puppy no matter new we show
these things too it always looks silly
unless you're the person wearing them
and then James made a good point there
he said you gotta put headphones on yeah
plugged in bad boy then go deep deep
underwater they're getting randomly if
everyone say by Mike and Brittany good
to see you again always awesome
especially getting the dogs together to
play you know wrassle yeah come back
soon we should do that we're talking
about different challenge videos that we
might be able to pull off unfortunately
James and Holly will be leaving by
Wednesday we ever do my shoe challenge
video tomorrow yeah look at this
ridiculous hidden talent James has just
thrown in my face wait wait do it better
look at this did you wanna see Justin
ollie
yeah show me your best ollie apparently
John a slow motion or do a time freeze
do it slow Matt slow boat a slow-mo but
in real time
on camera what oh we can try doing the
Humphreys ready okay go
I'm like literally look this is my level
of expertise I like I can't drive around
in this box here James oh yeah
it's sleepytime oh there's Dallas yeah
come on I'm coming right now I gotta go
to bed with James it's that time of
night
tomorrow's a sad day because it's their
last full day here ready for it to be
over we'll have more to come for sure so
make sure you guys go with James and
Holly's safe travels we have one more
day so no premature we're gonna film
some stuff tomorrow so that guy is where
we will leave you for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you all right up
here tomorrow
