so yeah what's up guys good morning you
can see I'm back home and I have tackled
my first chore which is the lawn this
when I woke up was a forest you couldn't
even see the fire pit
it's looking good now I feel good I just
had a shower put on my new kicks which I
got in Indiana pretty good things and
how they are at veronika's back from the
store they went to the store we're gonna
have a cookout tonight Scotty's here
Scotty everyone's been asking about you
it was tough last part of the tour
Scotty and I bet you guys missed this
little Jim hi sweetheart
hi big girl it's hangout day ma'am we're
at we're enjoying the downtime nothing
like being home starting to grill sun
shining beautiful company that's you
James thanks James
no a nice little cookout here you
playing with that go man this is this is
it man
back home got the family perfect day
perfect day beautiful weather I know
we're not traveling and staying in hotel
rooms and we've had a hedge a couple of
weeks nice to go yeah down that one not
yeah
I'm missing one person and that's Carson
when's Carson gonna be home when's
Carson gonna be home I miss him
look who I found
yeah yeah yeah yeah Mr Attwood
Mr Attwood yeah mr. and mrs. they're all
having fun on the trampoline just
enjoying themselves look at my family
what are you doing you did you fell and
scraped your elbow Oh shucks me Liza I
see you you got me Heinekens in a candle
it's taste it tastes so much better
running out of charcoal I did probably
15 15 maybe burgers all with cheese and
love burgers with cheese but like my
charcoal is running out of steam so the
last couple are taking forever meat
Mountain Sun yeah it is nice and warm
I just found out to my mom I invited my
mom and dad and usually they never come
but I was like mom I want you to come
and bring dad so I can teach him how to
fly cuz that's what he told me when he
when he bought the drone he was like I
want to I want a flight lesson when you
get back so I'm gonna pull out the drill
and make dad fly it hopefully we don't
wreck
when did you get here
you said now you're slaving like
daughter up and gnocchi's I'm seriously
outside like yeah my mom and dad showing
up in an airship and then here you are
inside you didn't come say hi oh so
dad's here and as promised I told him
when I come back I'd give him a flight
lesson and so we fired up the drone
everything's green safe to fly GPS
there's a little bit of wind there is a
little bit of wind but we're not scared
are we hey I want to say again thank you
so much and everyone here says thank you
too because we were able to finish yeah
no don't land that save that for me okay
he's up there you don't do barrel rolls
no we can make it this time we're ahead
we could run in counter what do you
think is it touchy is it responsive is
it what you thought it would be flying a
drone
I don't like working lift the word yeah
easy don't go too far
she's safe what do you think yeah should
be you bought it
I was concerned actually for a minute
because he did the first time pliers
everyone who flies first time does it
you just take the stick and you just peg
it one way you know I mean full throttle
either way that scares me it scares me
one that he starts descending towards
these trees and I'm like now well you
did get this juices juices my Lindsay
words there bro
you're addicted ready what dryer lint
yep I'm gonna make a fire for you Colin
where's the kitty Liza where's the kitty
honey
oh I gotcha nyan lies
yeah are you finding the kitty we're
hunting for the kitty we gotta find her
Liza
ah there's kitty right there well there
she goes
go get her Liza so we've moved on the
bath time the baby Liza I got a man
coming back home after being away for a
little bit of time makes you really
appreciate those little things like this
she's fresh from her bath but definitely
ready for bed you guys want to tell lies
at night she's going to bed day night
but uh tell me night buddy
he came up here and went straight to bed
Kimmy give me hugs I miss tuck the new
boys in I missed it unbelievable magic
trick I don't know if I can do it just
give me a second your glands right
you know you're gonna break your thumb I
don't think it's gonna work what you
how'd you do on the crease is that you
find a soft spot right right
I've never done it with the Heineken can
to be there but you just gotta find a
soft spot and then see daffodil Annette
like hilarious or anything you just find
at the bottom so you just set your thumb
yeah chuckles feeling frisky I didn't
vlog it cause it's Larry's but I broke
open the Key West coconut here it is I
did get the juice from it I worked in
Dallas is enjoying fruits of my labor
mm-hmm it tastes good yeah good I will
say this it's I don't think it's quite
right it's ripe it's ready to eat but it
could be a little sweeter what I can't
drink a whole case a Heineken like you
drank the whole bottle wine yeah we're
actually just hanging out enjoying some
adult beverages conversating I'm only
about English and American differences
in dialect and words and phrases so most
of our conversations is it's just like
comparing to parenting
learning cultures and that's what I'm
saying love drop it and meet new people
just talking about you see crappy me and
Zack - look look at that shirt he's
wearing my everybody
that's an awesome shirt the bag I like
almost as much as my blue one that I
haven't taken off since I first got it
everyone's exactly I keep an extra one
underneath just in case for maybe the
space right
these the figures around the biggest fan
yes that's that Dave's right there
people you know that name he's hardcore
oh yeah brilliant video my this is
pretty much the extent of our evening
we're just hanging out talking we got
Zach and you know everyone's still
you're just literally two hours later
still talking it's no 1 o'clock and I
don't want to I don't want to get any
more tired before in the books I wanted
to say thank you guys for watching
today's video and hanging out with us
for our family day but this this is it
I'm right here bad so this is where we
all leave you for today I want to say
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see you all right back
here
