good morning guys look we've got in the
back oh my I know right it's good to be
home I just left super early to come to
Grammy's house to pick up the kids and
just so happy boop boop boop i'm sad now
you're not coming where's that yeah we
aren't we let me sure I wouldn't got the
kids this morning Eliza's in bed the
boys are spending the day / Brittany's
rep in the kitchen yes we're gonna go to
rock and range for up here and Bronk
said she did not care to go don't want
everyone to tell Veronica how much fun
she just missed out on it would be like
taking you to a country concert I go
even if you were there Yeah right thank
you I would daddy serious I'm dead lyst
I'm dead serious look at me so long
maybe ah rock on the range boy and
unfortunately visitor and stabbing party
yeah what won't we well we piyo history
we want to be up here this is such a
soggy day to be going to a music
festival outside look everyone's like
wearing ponchos Pancho Panchos we're
going to get one of those could i I
gotta film some blog footage you know
I'm really bummed that Veronica couldn't
come and it's more so that she didn't
want to because of aid the rain and be
she doesn't like rock music like at all
it's so wet
get in there James Travis take long the
today's rock on the range visit brought
to you by the Blitz we got to go to will
call and get our tickets which is down
here somewhere I can have to you can
have to cuz I'm down a person sad I wish
there was someone else we could have
brought with us but you guys see you I
see you see you I see up there I'm not
to go smash the Blitz bitch
hey yo I missed you guys he says come up
here
it was awesome legends of awesome was
awesome
tries to enjoy not only one of the two
were three sandwiches in a row and then
I love all this Barry
loafers pulling out as a helium theatre
boy
a couple of rinse I found my funny chase
ago right we're out here having a great
time I know uber is out though whoever
just said they got these promos
right now
Oh where's it at
oh oh we got to go
quick stop to hang out with looper and
Randy real quick they want to catch was
the name of the band partway drying
marc-andre aren't like five minutes yeah
so it's wet but we don't care because
we're going to see James's favorite band
ever
good haha
Holly don't Holly don't eat sausages
schmitz is the jam it's so good that's a
Bahama Mama the red skin potatoes mashed
and sauerkraut electron oh yeah okay
dream would you
there's Norton sit so thank you for your
sacrifice we just got all the castle
hell yes up next they'll be introduced
by loafer and Randy love you guys
everyone who baby is here
put your hands in the air
five finger death punch one of my
favorite about to go live on the main
stage
Oh
Oh
Oh
show them how the big kids do this
and I want to see the biggest fucking
circles you be Gary
you
thank you guys this is
well that was awesome five finger death
punch definitely rocked this place was
the loudest crowd I heard today we're
getting ready to leave I don't see live
and Randy over there to say thank you
but we call this freaking awesome fire
sculpture well I just happened that's
fun house both very fine food yes
starting with some pretzels and you say
you've never had soft pretzels
without my new French one that is big
dude these are super super good you
should try one and it's got a cheese
sauce is this gonna be like super hot
probably but it's good
it's delicious right
the firm Mary go
we just finished our dinner I've even
filming again but I did have my mahi and
sweet potato fries and it was delicious
James how was your meal mom is pretty
good thank you gotta put something in
the burger which I have right and how
was your meal was good when they go by
feel right whatever they gave holy a
turkey burger mmm as you know Holly's
vegan says name down the products
provide turkey is way too big with your
home and the girls are sitting here
watching Magic Mike 2 don't like are you
serious I can dance right now maybe
she's Taylor the fatal you guys just
that man law and we just called man low
i'll dance planner it's like you don't
that it you can't see my dances hmm
mm-hmm night I did I pass out on the
couches now it's time for grand you know
we should you
and everyone's up everyone's up there's
I Liza please we oh it's so nice to wake
up and get little eyes out of bed we got
a little Colin wide awake since this
morning I heard this guy down here
listening to FG TV early in the morning
did he wake you guys up with that yeah
did you hear crawl and watching TV this
morning oh yeah yeah yeah yeah sorry
about that it was like 750 nice what I
than this is how I was like oh my gosh
yeah that's calling for you yeah so we
had a blast at rocking the range last
night I saw a lot of bands that I've
never seen before I was most pumped for
five finger death punch and they rocked
it crowd the crowd when they lit up all
the lighters and all the cellphones I
was so positive awesome yeah yeah we're
talking about last night man kind of
things got been a bad rap feeling
aggressive music I tried most
friendliest much more so my crown jewel
mins yes true and like i've been to
shows before like heavy rock shows where
instead of crowd surfing it's like the
pits and people getting crazy in the pit
but it felt like last night there was
way more crowd surfing than there was
pit and i noticed a couple people like
they would have cell phones hanging out
of their pocket or their shoes were
starting to come off and instead of
people being you know idiots and taking
off their shoes are still in their cell
phone they're actually trying to help
keep the cell phone in the pocket and
the shoes on their feet so it was really
refreshing to see that all these bands
these awesome bands super talented
people together in one place and their
fans together in one place too it was
really cool to see that really really
really cool so we had a lot of fun huge
shout-out and big thanks to Jeremy Loper
for whooping up the tickets for us to go
last night that was a good time a really
really good time so that guys where
we're going to end today's video and
start with a new one I guess
work to do around here like the grass
needs cut really really bad so I'm going
to get on thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see you all
right back here
