chill yo what's up guys welcome to the
vlog today look today is a film day
we're back in LA I didn't get to film
any of the Nitro Circus stuff because
let's face that I was busy and I know
glad you guys got to see what happened
because it was insane this horse right
here oh so we're getting ready to go
film again just to catch you up right
it's been an incredibly long 24 hours we
filmed all day Nitro Circus was the most
amazing thing ever if you've never seen
a nitro circus circus show you should
definitely go and then we hopped on a
plane at 4:00 in the morning your
thoughts on being on a plane all day I
hate it I can't stand it I'm telling you
right now I don't recommend it to nobody
you should just be able to fly one time
get off the plane get to your
destination whoever invented the idea I
take it you have to get up on plane to
get it to another okay Stan you country
gets in you just talk about the most
important thing which is Roman landed
that bad liberal and oh my god you don't
the most epic thing I've witnessed in in
a long time it was terrifying
not that I had to go down this ramp but
just to be up there and watch it happen
dude he gave me anxiety listen he did it
listen this man not only did it and you
know I get Roman props man because he's
always doing like the extreme yeah but
that right there did not like like I
could understand the jump with the jump
it and backflip it and land it on the
very first try the very first try yeah
can't even explain it like it what are
the odds man what are the odds of that
hey you know what I know I know he he
was going to capable doing it because
every time we did the backflip in the
backyard on the bike dude is Kevin Allen
and I was like yo we're not hitting in
the pond
so you're just you're Lam right on the
wheel I'm pretty much comfortable with
leaving all the
high-intensity extreme stunts to Roman
and you know I'll just do what I do best
and that's filming pretty much right
Steven oh yeah totally
Steven everybody yeah there he is
there's a guy there's a guy right there
get up in the car right now
let me : would you uh take care of I
just took the biggest proof of all don't
deny we've all had that moment your your
friends are outside waiting on you got
somewhere to be but what you're doing
right now just feels so right Kansas
dream is not you know eventually you got
to go well everything comes to a head at
some point a turtle is okay back on P we
got the ears in
what said like what died working
security no we're not working security
these are these are walking so we can
talk to each other and look what we got
right here this is the infamous chase
cam everybody knows me of taking fish
Trevor by the way you guys met OD we
call him it was LD we got a van full of
gear we're getting ready to do something
crazy I'm so excited for this as if
yesterday wasn't crazy enough we flew
all the way back to LA just to do this
one thing and I'm really excited for
don't give it away
let me tell you about your boy run it up
and down ran fish a chase oh yeah you're
born with that name for a reason
you really really hustled and to
literally learn with take you love work
with it guys thank you dude coming from
him that really means a lot and then we
got country always on standby ready to
make it happen arms crossed biceps
flexed have low so you can't see those
mysterious eyes I don't know what it is
I'll just feeling great because the sun
is shining the palm trees are here okay
we gotta go back the bathroom Oh
Dale's here what's up Dale what what
when did you hear that super strange no
I can go where you want me to in the
middle come on on the back okay what you
wanna go Oh in the middle I'll sit in
the middle middle rocket whatever it's
not a world brothers here pretty much
the end of it what are you doing really
other side you guys ready for some food
somebody yeah I'm ready mrs. pleat Davy
to show you guys a Maggie she's ready
okay
in just one moment we're going to be at
the airport ready
route to movies three coffees a day
Liang later and we're home
Oh
she is one of us
I am yeah we are packing Columbus Day
what a feeling you back home
great answer you know it's we've been
gone for like five days dude all right
we got our bags we're back home outside
are you a fan
oh I can't wait I cannot wait that
there's my boys oh I got tuna head were
you guys doing swimming you're all done
there you're gonna swim some more yeah
yeah so all the kids dude my camera's in
bad shape all the kids and Bronk are
over here I heard about me catch yeah
two of our didn't I see you cutie come
here Oh a husband let's see why they
wanted me to play play-doh first thing
we got to pull out the play-doh and play
did you know that daddy missed you so so
much
I
Wow ready here we go rah rah rah
yeah ah now we make a drink hey I
brought you guys back something you and
see what it is
daddy make me gotta bring the boys back
something everywhere I go think you'll
like it I hope you do nothing crazy I
can't tell you how much I have missed
all these guys even you caner so good to
be home with the family even you buddy
we're all talking about this Eclipse
that's supposed to happen tomorrow it's
going to be really really insane
however in Ohio we're only going to see
80% totality of this eclipse so I don't
know what we'll be able to capture and
like this camera even my my DSLR we'll
never be able to shoot it properly if
you crank up the shutter speed we might
be able to get some cool photos we have
a barrel I told me so we can even look
at it kinda yeah yeah isn't it not see
not safe to look at with your eyes but
only a fifth completely covered well
you're not supposed to look at the Sun
anyways like it hurts your eyes right
sure there's nobody looking on moon on
the planet yeah yeah you can look at the
moon teller cars good I love to use in
Dale's car we had to go back again um
but I didn't know what to get you boys
and it really wasn't by any like thrift
shop sir like souvenir shop so I got
these for your book bags
we dig one for each of you I know Carson
likes to put pins on his book bags
Colin you got to start with that LA pin
for your bag what do you think cool I
was gonna get magnets but our magnets
don't stick to the front of our fridge
hell - guys that's right I come home we
got to have pizza for dinner and don't
nobody want to cook tonight and it's a
school night so we're gonna sit down
boys I've got so many stories to tell
and just kind of hang out and catch up
and you know just be together and I miss
all you guys
you know that right yeah we're going to
go home have some pizza and get ready
for this solar eclipse tomorrow it's
gonna be epic I don't want a lot so I
don't know why he pleases a little lunch
is so strange dude I'm going to convince
them you kind of watching yeah all right
so my friends we're back home thanks for
coming with me on my journey today I
will be all of you right back here next
time
