what's up everyone welcome to the vlog
welcome to our hotel room we are feeling
beautiful and well and beautiful
following a bump does it day good today
ok welcome to Thursday it's about 12 and
I had to spend some time updating the
drone getting them all the firmware
updated and everything and it looks to
be perfectly good to go and I can't say
how excited I am to actually fly today
I'm pretty pretty stoked I'm pretty
stoked I didn't realize but this is the
land of fields you know here in an
airplane and you're flying above
everything and you see all like the
grids big field the first flight of the
drone was good nice wide open spaces out
here we're setting up all the all the
gears start shooting ready there is I
don't know if I told you guys but when I
started freaking out because I didn't
have a drone I crashed my drum
don't you guys remember Mike but Mike
who we had over he's a fellow vlogger
from Cincinnati came to film with us
today hey Mike good good to see you you
did
don't stop and ice that person we did
the same thing that's good James
starting off the day strong I love it Oh
Helen got him with that one yeah all
right okay see I see how this is going
so we are starting here in the garage
doing some really cool like a really
cool cinematic sequence of him like
getting this bikes off the stands
putting them in the truck and then we'll
take the drone up and follow him exactly
the drone shot right now I was actually
kind of quick but uh it's going smooth
yeah look at this we got a crew now Mike
tell them what happened in the on the
way over Brad did not pee himself this
girl comes out to be carsick
saw her whole entire breakfast again
this is a key dog the dog got sick on
I'm poor Brad the leg there so that's
why it looks like he diddled there no
yeah it's true we intended to come here
and shoot the interview part first but
the neighbor is mowing which will
totally garbage our audio so we'll have
to switch gears and just get into some
writing is that why your twist 7:24 okay
all right okay
that would be way easier your camera sir
he's blogging with big-boy stuff
this guy's broke for me the lens got
stuck shut so whenever I open it up and
just 3-way James let's do it buddy
I brought the Jeep down here so we could
just load out and put all our gear on
this he's totally three weighing right
now we've got another guy here today
this is Cullen not calling but Cullen
Cullen yeah
so he does BMX stuff and
we're gonna probably see him doing some
crazy though there's talk about towing
him up to the with the kicker to the
launch the super kicker
that's my Ronan each of the guys we
filmed I've put a legends of awesome
sticker somewhere so now I have the
honor of tagging Ryan's bike this is for
the main video we can't put that in the
vlog we're sitting here - because we
just caught the first of his backflip
since six months ago on film first
backflip in the bank I didn't even tell
anybody was gonna do it I know you just
did it I'm just gonna hook it whatever
just do it and we'll be out here filming
I'm pretty stoked right now like that
was such an awesome shot awesome James
taking a little breather with the
Poochie the bad thing about it about
filming this type of stuff is like the
athletes batteries don't recharge as
fast as our camera equipment we got
pizza on the way dude we got pizza noise
oh that's cute
vegan pizza holy just for you Holly
that's my jam right there a little bit
of food a little bit of reorganizing
this this guy throws you up super super
high this one gives you more distance so
now we're gonna change up and do what
not only is he a freestyle motocross
rider he's also comedian yeah you're not
recorded yes I am taking the drone up
for the fourth time today we're almost
done for the day we have a special
little treat for you guys today
Colin all right are you nervous at all
about what's to happen are you really
yeah
scared right so on his BMX bike he's
gonna be in tow
are you gonna pull him Ryan okay all
right so Ryan's gonna this is for you
guys this is for the vlog so Ryan is
going to toe Cullen on his BMX bike
which has no suspension mind you over
the superfly and I mean the rest will be
history basically we got to do a little
bit of moving get this stuff out of here
I mean just look at this you guys it's
this is no joke and I don't think this
really needs to be said but please don't
try this at home with your friends
because this is very very dangerous
Colin just so happens to be a very well
trained idiot yes yeah hey Colin just so
we have this on video all right
we are not forcing you to do this you're
doing this on your own on terms yeah and
what's gonna happen if you break an arm
or leg er mom okay please has he ever
done anything like this one time I let
him borrow my bike three and a half me
four minutes in he was being an air care
to the hospital for swollen brain oh my
gosh the thing was next time I saw him
he had a new set of handlebars for
moonstone that well we'll see what he's
made out of right now
I think is a brilliant idea
I think he needs we got about now
Oh
yeah
yeah Wow James is getting a slow goodbye
Mike Bradd thanks to you thanks for
joining us we we would have you for the
interview but we decided to scrap it
okay not completely but until tomorrow
we have better lighting to effort oh
thanks for bringing this super cute
Poochie to you got me saying Poochie all
right guys I'll see you soon we're gonna
have Mike and Brittany over again before
James and Holly leave so that'll be fun
be a household you tubers we've had a
hard day at work so we are coming for
you
so what lost me and Holly were chillin
in the old salt water swimming pool you
know trying to get our fitness game on I
thought I could assure you guys won't be
always up to this is not living the life
is like right now I don't know why you
didn't bring one of these bad boys in oh
yeah we hooked up with the homie Ryan
again that's a full-time that's some
relaxation now we're gonna get some food
bagel deli this shop is definitely
a college town restaurant
stop all kinds of cool little bagel
sandwiches if you guys remember the
steamroller truck that I was filming
with white a few weeks ago they do the
same thing they make their bagels and
then they steam it so it melts all that
and it makes it nice and soft and
delicious I can't wait how is it so good
is it melty delicious how about full of
them what do you get of course a vegan
you got something called squid full of
flipping meatballs into pepperoni and
salami it's does it this one's like a
roast beef cream cheese spicy hot sauce
you know me I'll take my first bite but
it's definitely hot
ah
my god who were clearly back in the
hotel because we had food we've had
conversation it was really awesome to
get to know Ryan and his family and his
friends is such a fun day fun a fun
experience I really feel like we're at
home you know with you guys and it's
such an honor to be able to film with
you so it is well well we always seem to
run like super late into the day so we
do need to get the vlog edited Ryan's
about to go home but I was like you
should stay in the vlog with me so that
my friends is where we will leave before
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
