hey guys welcome to our vlog we just
finished packing the Jeep and I want you
to look up there you see up there it's
like blue yeah so basically yesterday I
was really nervous because of the
weather
I was afraid that our our freestyle
motorcross shoot would be foiled because
the rain one we won't know to get there
but we won't know till we get there but
we're getting ready check out the hotel
now you go to our last stop Spring Hill
Suites
we loved our stay here this is our
favorite hotel by far so yeah if you
guys are out traveling definitely go to
spring you know not a paid endorsement
or anything like that she's telling you
from experience the Marriott's are
really good hotels so definitely choose
that so now we only have like an hour
and a half drive to our next and final
stop are you excited I'm excited I'm
ready I'm a sad at the same time yeah
well we still got one more epic video to
create as they one week left that's
right we still get to spend some time
with James and Holly at home I didn't
get enough of them already Hey hello
twenty minutes into our journey and
these guys already want Starbucks
thirsty
today this is like the shortest drive of
the entire trip that we've had to make
it was nice that we kind of flipped the
route in the first place with what it
was because it's still my community
turnout it couldn't have turned out more
perfect like the weather today
has opened up where yesterday I was
super cloudy and raining I just feel
really good about everything my favorite
one pile of songs right before we turn
on the steering wheel
not with what I once bought cause
somebody stole my car radio and now I
just sit in silence we just we're just
rolling into Ryan's and then at that
Andy anything is upstairs right they
don't know here you know which way we'll
get dumb wander you can't get lost you
just were in the pool pool kids house
that's what that's what they told me
whoa I'd say your rides
what up son dude I'm brother I could
tell you no I want to see really bad is
the pug is he oh I've seen this guy in
so many snapchats it's ok I go her gym
what's up dude
good to meet you man all right Ryan I'm
a ride back here okay yeah
little did we know brian has a twin
brother right
his name is Brian and he also happens to
be I would would I be wrong by saying a
champion snowboarder club so he's a
snowboarder champion around here so
maybe we've got another future episode
with our twin brother here
tell you what though this feels like
home farmland we just saw a pig over
here maybe I'll catch it on the way out
we are in it right now
deep this is the part of his track it's
your own private track right I helped
build it full access though super muddy
no no you based on what I saw on the way
here
you guys are fearless yeah but these are
like inside the woods type trails and
stuff we can get some cool like pan POVs
maybe a little drone inside here but
this is definitely questionable not sure
exactly what we'll film today but we do
have a little something kind of cool
Ryan's tell us about this local ghost
story you can talk about it quickly what
is the basic light motorcyclist that
went to go see his girlfriend in the
middle of the night wrecked so we're
gonna go there with our cars and the
signal to get him to come is to flasher
lights three times and then you'll see
this motorcycle headlight come over the
hill toward you and it's it's pretty
neat kind of scary but nobody really
believes it till they see it okay we've
only been here 10 minutes and Holly's
already beat their shoes shoes I don't
want to wear my new ones
Mia pre-clean I though we'd get some
shoes yeah
mud control guys up did you save a
library well I did pretty well all right
kick it off as I go
that's clay dude yeah yes sir
sorry about that Holly this is the good
stuff
how you doing what is his name Kevin
Kevin
nice to meet you chase haha
Ryan's literally up there trying for
shoes for Jane Holly I even considered
but I'm gonna get dog just goes
everywhere everyone ready ready ready
ready
it gets pretty tall yeah that's pretty
tall then we had a few minutes we call
I'm gonna start calling it the
acclimation period right because we meet
a lot of new people during the tours and
stuff and it's got to know each other
I figured I'll sell a game plan I can't
really shoot the interview now because
Mike is mowing so I got the Ronin all
set up on super dark I got the Ronin set
up we're getting ready to hook this
thing up and start doing some he's gonna
start moving some dirt and ramps and
stuff at the bulldozer all right all
right
what's your name introduce yourself I'm
Khalid Kalin nice Brian I'm the twin
brother we already met you yeah he's
clearing the track so he can set up
these ramps exactly how I want them
I want to drive that I didn't tell you
guys but you got a little guest coming
here in just a few minutes they're only
like ten minutes away just like that
they're here hi my gosh yes I tell you I
thought I was in Kentucky West Virginia
would've been ending that's a crazy
Drive welcome to Indiana um I thought I
said huh we were driving and driving and
driving and driving on the back road
I said girl what is this little prank
he's got such a little mouth you should
see he sucks on a binky yeah careful
honey I'm glad you're here you guys
probably wondering why they came all
this way well it is because we got a
delivery helped me out by giving a
special shout out to my dad for I mean
making this possible thank you to you
mom oh shut up
shout out to mama for getting here to
here is this camera
they took my things off yeah you know
I'm pretty sure I did but I don't know
where there's someone one of your bags
and you have a battery in the memory
card but do you want the memory card out
of this one
sure I'll edit your vlogs
yeah boy what you get for being selfish
- all right I think that's doing so so
easy the dog the game is life so if I
ask you a question and I can get you to
answer than the word mine am I in you
you have the job do ten push-ups
you can say that's mine not like I say
mine all the time but get you to be
selfish okay you're gonna be strong just
want you to stand right here okay no
fear right no no closer okay
that was fine I was fine
close my straw you're fearless mom I
love you
nope we're only two and a half hours
away fish on Finding Nemo the seagulls
when they throw the food out the seagull
they're all like yeah we're wrapping up
on the first part of our shoot today
cooked this session right back here so
what do you think we go back get some
food does sound pretty good actually
no I've never been here with the game of
life in game of life do it in the grass
don't ruin your palms oh yeah we're
gonna be nice about it yeah I'm pretty
sure poems is it Paul's ten push-ups oh
dang I'm loving it dude no this is great
this is gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna say it
on purpose just so I can get my push-ups
go try and catch that before it goes
down look at that beautiful sunset
it's wait wait for it wait for it here
she is she's just about not so fast word
a little bit to getting us into the
hotel
nice oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah I call the
desk again I call the desk again
oh thanks bellhop here's a little tip I
should do the Dunston checks in and put
my gum in your hand we just came to drop
off over here so we don't have it sit in
the back of the Jeep and then we're
gonna go these boys get some food you
hungry yeah I'll get you a hot dog this
is familiar are you gonna eat some
chicken Holly yeah
we probably know skyline is a Cincinnati
statement yeah like what else yeah
you're right
be done tonight always my standard order
of spicy garlic
we've got wings all around the table
look at James who is knife and fork hey
guys we just finished dinner and we've
got Brian with us hey we're gonna do
that Boxford light go State thing is
though the battery is flashing on this
camera so it's quite possible we might
have to revert to James old chaps camera
it's hit ready wait for some auxiliary
footage but yeah they're gonna tell he's
gonna tell the story again to James but
I'm gonna cut that because we already
heard from here yeah we're starting to
approach the house here I can tell you
this this is a creepy creepy little road
right in front of the house that's the
creepy house right there I can't see
nothing but it's kind of shut the car
off I can't turn oh there we go oh that
was not in sync whatsoever
yeah
is that for real that's a car yeah
that's not two headlights that's one
light the car at the car bro that's a
car that's one light dude cars easy no
no it might come closer no it's gone you
can start your car try to find it what
so so look you guys were back in the
hotel room unfortunately my last clip
was of a dead battery in the middle of
the road and look what camera I'm on now
we're back on the Sony pretty stoked
about that actually
Veronica brought it back to me today it
was repaired and returned to us this
week so I'm very very excited about that
so it is very very late 1:26 in the
morning not quite sure what to think
about the oxford light situation but I
don't know I need to sleep on it for my
opinion it is quite possible that it was
just simply another car off in the
distance but I don't know epic first day
of filming was Ryan and his brother
super tired so that is where we will
leave before today I want to say thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you all right back here
tomorrow
