good morning
we slept in we're hungry when you're
hungry like we are and coffee
enthusiasts have to Starbucks is a place
to go where we're leaving James in the
Starbucks because we didn't test speed
on the integral and the speeds that
Starbucks are awesome like five times
better than that at the hotel so it
makes much more sense for us to go grab
our laptops and edit here and that way
we can get these blogs up for you guys
faster you know we're always thinking
about you
always did you have to fight anyone off
it looks super busy now when we were in
here I was pretty proud all right now
it's time to eat see I got some
breakfast sandwich coffee
just finish my expert
I think I'm ready for another cup right
now I would have been I would have
inserted a really cool like I got a
second cup of coffee and I would have
known a really cool sequence I asked the
girls if I could filmed them making this
cup of coffee and the manager said no
because of safety and tea
come buck gy like what would stop
someone from like snapchatting them yeah
you know like snapchatting getting their
cover talk you know what you should do
now on it's just film first I don't know
I don't know what Starbucks you got to
get off your corporate high works okay
she's up there we just spent the best
part of the afternoon moving footage
from yesterday
uploading blogs making sure everything's
tidied up James is over here working on
something what is this basically my
second channel is Bob's two films and
it's what I call of my kind of cinematic
kind of nice looking video stuff and
I've basically decided to start in
tutorial videos tutorial tutorial
tutorial tutorial tutorial an American
tutorial for Mitch we're gonna work on
the 360 video that by the time you're
seeing this video that should be up if
you watched 360 videos on YouTube you
can watch it like full screen or I don't
I never noticed it before there's a
little button down in the corner for
like I think it's for Google cardboard
so like you can put it into is it column
split view side by side by side adds it
looks like Google cardboard right there
yeah so initially if you press that
button it goes to the side-by-side split
view so it's still in like 360 but which
means you can put them into those
goggles and actually see it but the
normal view would just be you know this
view so you can look around or you can
you know use your finger to spin around
and that's me that's June's old chair
that's me
yeah so I thought that was really cool
and I have never put up a 360 video yet
I've won I wanted to since the emergence
of 360 being so popular on YouTube now
you got to go with the trends you know I
mean so we're gonna post that 360 video
later but it is just about time for us
to go meet up with Matthew again and
finished the rest of the filming for his
episode nothing get you ready to film
like a little twenty one pilots in your
earholes
am i right I'm snacks that looks like
bird to know I like kind snacks their
accent really good so yeah we're on our
way to film again easy slider show that
was that was a slide of his episode
anybody way I'm pretty stoked and I'm
also kind of like becoming nostalgic
because this is nearing the end of our
tour mm-hmm and I think everything has
gone really really good like I said
yesterday with the exception of a couple
mishaps but you know you're gonna get
that nothing ever goes the way you want
it to so on with it oh my gosh the
frustrating when you're working on a
time crunch all right and you have like
what's the word you have like delays due
to equipment
Matthew is very soft-spoken all right so
we've had to boost the audio or the
input sensitivity on here and it was
just kind of a nightmare but we've got
our two shot everything set up looks
great sounds great
Matthew ready to shine you're about to
tell your story that's like one of the
most important parts of these videos
it's your story and like basically
inspiring people you know what I mean
like inspiring other people who may have
a passion for pool or trick shots or
anything like that so this is where you
get to be like the hero of your episode
this isn't like the biggest most
important part so if you're ready he's
ready I'm ready
that's what that's a wrap
good job Matthew that's a wrap on your
episode but you know before you have to
go to your concert which good luck by
the way I want I wanted to leave having
beach here to game pool
I know I sound super confident but I'm
really not that good a poll so if you
would you mind playing real quick a game
animal it's all
Wow slaughtered you should show James
that trickshot here tell me about wait
what you just have to hold these two
balls no that is tables okay Matthew
normally I would take this photo now so
we can post it right and you got to be
really careful about putting this on but
I want you to put this if you're willing
Matthew say he's getting a new table
what is it so it's like a really awesome
table right and you'd be willing to put
this on that and take a photo and send
it to me seriously put it right on the
right on the top of it like that that'd
be pretty sick well my friend it was a
pleasure you're a very talented and
polite and wonderful young man I want
you to keep up everything in the future
and keep in touch you know I'd love to
hear from you and follow your journey to
greatness because that's where you're
headed
be honest feeling there's an honor to
meet you
lunchtime at one of my faves actually in
her time this is the best food ever
everything I'm gonna get a 3-play I'm
definitely gonna think my fortune cookie
was right on it I should say do you have
hope you have everything if he looked in
the right places you can find a good
offer arenas nice
keep searching you good dinner is very
good let's say we go and enjoy the last
of our hotel do you better eat I wanna
take a take a bite out of one yeah
this is what I've been waiting for it
we are in private concern here we're
back from the poll we've showered we've
edited and we've worked on a bunch of
random stuff huh cut James with these
glasses on trying to check out some 3d
while we're waiting for my 360 video to
process and I got these I ordered these
off Amazon they're just some like really
cheap they work they're cheap though
tell em you 3d goggles and James is
playing with it does it look good look
at it see that's it it's just this
little slim camera with two lenses I've
just checked him on Amazon they're like
three hundred and forty-nine dollars
$2.99 you can I'll leave a link in the
description on the Amazon page where I
found those definitely check them out
they're pretty cheap they do the job and
they definitely work for the video like
360 videos like we showed you earlier
you can just go down on that 360 video
and click this little cardboard it looks
like Google cardboard icon and then
it'll split the screen so you have these
two side-by-side images you can use
goggles like that to see it so that's
about enough messing around for today
guys it's definitely getting late it's 1
o'clock in the morning tomorrow we have
to check out and we head to our very
last stop for the elevator it's pretty
exciting so we're gonna finish up this
upload get everything button
and I guess that's where we are gonna
leave you guys for today so I want to
say thank you all so much for your love
and support please do me a huge favor
and hit the thumbs up and share this
video thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
