hey guys good morning it is very very
early hey and I'm here with my youngest
man my man I've missed you fun Veronica
told me that they wanted they said they
couldn't wait I got home so I could take
them to the bus Here I am well it looks
like we missed the bus so I had to bring
calling the school buddy listen I'm
gonna miss you ok give me hugs
all right already do miss you I love you
I'll see you in a few days ok you know
you're feeling fresh and well and
beautiful
it would appear as though your mattress
is flat it is very fun I'm so sorry
somewhere and putting this mattress in
and out of the back Scott's team we've
lost some air and it's it's gone flat
that sucks man I think we've wasted
enough time all across the board this
morning and you may have missed your bus
to only buy just like a couple minutes
though oh it's a good thing about all
the fun things you want to do when I get
back all the fun stuff
I love you I love you give me hugs you'd
be good boy no see you
I'm Friday okay I love you miss you
amber I know we'll be done soon Liza's
down here what are you doing do you miss
your daddy
mmm I sure miss you
she's too concerned with these clothes
you like that did mama get you that
dress oh that's cute that's a cute dress
yeah I took a shower and got all ready
and stuff in the vlog and all that stuff
and avenges soaking up every little
second with that baby girl I mean I miss
you so much I miss you so much and we're
just talking about Veronica you can't
you probably can't tell but I can this
girl is shedding right now I'm telling
you I'm I'm proud of you you guys should
tell her in the comments how proud you
are of her because it what I see right
now
schway I'm proud of you Veronica's
putting in the work and it's paying off
she's losing inches toning you promised
you promised you'd vlog this week some
more so that you guys can see what's
going on at home this this is the last
leg of the race you guys were getting
ready to leave we got to go to Indiana
for four more days maybe five two more
people to film freestyle motorcross pool
trick shots
gonna be super awesome it is about time
for us to leave time to go time to go
time to go Liza
come here hug daddy come here baby I
wish you could go with Daddy I love you
I love you say bye everyone
bite like duh I love you I'll see you in
a while there's like dust dollar the
lumbus I've been to a few cities the
past week and it's really nice to see my
own I'm I'm gonna tell you guys
something
I have honestly never really been west
and look
I've never been
that way he's well
rependa Indiana I've never been west for
aside from the Cincinnati Cincinnati
technically Southwest in Columbus but
yeah
we're gonna go to view places together
yeah new staff is happy new places
speaking of new stuff I there's a 360
craze out there on the youtubes
James brought his 360 camera so we were
just getting ready to set up you see
this dry pond here we're setting up to
do an in-car 360 video
about games like games you can play when
you're stuck in a car and like on road
trips
and there's a few that I played when I
was a kid number one being like slug bug
ever I think everyone does what bug is
gonna get you back
it's the way enjoyed by you missed it
fresh okay
subway the only thing Holly can eat it
starts with dynamite you know I've seen
a gas more times this past week and a
half and I care to remember
thank goodness but I mean if you think
about it the cost of fuel in hotel rooms
as opposed to cost of flights it's
definitely a big saver I don't know
which I'd prefer definitely thinking
flying is much better as far as time
awkward subway again American food is so
available to you Polly
poor thing we shoulda did the Walmart
trip her Kroger before we left home she
could have got like a bunch of fruit and
whatnot yeah next time for dessert they
had to Cinnabon in here so I got these
little Cinnabon things with the ice we
had to make pits off at Lowe's you guys
remember I did a hack a little while
back on my review and how to channel for
like getting nice dolly shots on carpet
if you don't have a slider so we came to
get a couple of these these little
sliding pads
I'll probably get the bigger ones just
in case I need them bigger ones are
stepping on yeah so we need these to
pull off some dolly shots which I think
are really important for this video but
I don't have a slider like you would
need for these types of shots so we're
gonna put this actual hack into use pour
this video hey I got that room boy
look you're not staying in no junk hotel
today okay I decided we're on the second
half of this we've already done our time
and the questionable all right
did you enjoy it move on we're a nice
little spot no I didn't actually let's
just say you ever seen the movie Joe's
apartment
I don't need to say anything else ladies
and gentlemen your room Oh work area man
stop we're missing you bro
we don't get to stare hang out we got to
go it's time to work I had to choose a
place like this for this one because
like Matthew has school and he doesn't
get out so we have to spend a fair
amount of time in the room drawing
online tomorrow so that's good now we're
gonna go to see my boy Matthew I'm ready
okay guys so we are in the house of my
man Matthew the stinger Webber show him
what you got dude what it's a pleasure
to finally meet you
we're gonna shoot an awesome video right
I can't wait ken James whatever you do
don't move okay
just don't move oh he's so good he's
just showing us everything he's got
right now so we can kind of plan what
what are the best tricks for the video
really one of those crafty crafty on
location type workarounds I'm using this
to protect my very expensive camera
yes sir if we try getting it to spin
like here just if I pull
we're trying to get a super technical
shot right now how technical Matt help
what really technical so we're hitting
this ball yeah straight down like we
shot before oh wait we said 9 o'clock
didn't we no no perfect it's a minute
early cause yours is that the same watch
into the water thanks dude thanks for -
dude no thank you no thank you no thank
you thank you you didn't even eat dinner
and I smelled your mom's making some
epic deliciousness all right Matthew
thanks dude we'll see you tomorrow
Stephen thank you for the help this is
Matthew's older brother Steven by the
way say what's up to YouTube yeah I said
yeah I love it
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for the help
my favorite restaurants the good old
Applebee's usually I ordered the ones on
chocolate and tonight she went really
really well
Matthew is such a wonderful kid very
polite
you got manners and I'd love to see that
and his mom is so nice too she's really
cool to be out here filming media
genetical people and just you know being
counted the process legends of Awesome
Eastern tour
has been
so great so far aside from a couple step
back it's been really really great the
only thing I wish we had if there's a
moment right now my buddy Scott right
there man just go to Scott
what you got there James old chap of
course the Benjy girl over there I've
been calling Holly
you Kirby goodness we came to
explore the hotel and the reason I chose
this was so we could do so we could work
out in the morning actually I want to
work out tomorrow morning he's gonna go
for a swim
yeah look at this room the pool is like
so steamy wonderful I could even curl
that let's see if I can curl it oh I
can't curl it
I can't girl it again okay Oh God you
got it you got it
oh I'm not I'm not there yet
I'm not there yeah big difference from
the other times hell's we've stayed in
this trip I just want to say Spring Hill
Suites
we would love to stay in all of these
hotels for the LOA tour right and
happily stay in this hotel again yeah
yeah yeah yeah how weird is that they
were literally walking around the hotel
checking things out
we have a wonderful hotel room with a
very inviting bed on a night where we
don't have to wake up super early and
leave which is refreshing this entire
past week and a half it's been super
super rush so it's nice to kind of just
take it easy for a little bit so guys
that is where we are going to leave you
for today way up here this ledge I want
to say thank you guys so much for always
showing that love and support we can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here tomorrow
