hey guys welcome to the vlog I'm doing
one last sweep of the room to make sure
we didn't forget anything because we are
out of here it's our last day in Atlanta
we're going back to the Piedmont Park to
shoot a little bit more with Jeremy and
then we're out
time for stop number three
what are you guys doing oh we're putting
the bag on okay okay
snare you're an extra person oh look
that's true all of our stuff can you set
out those out a little more room
sturdy back again at Piedmont Park
we got Jeremy looking his drum again I
made that comment yesterday like we're
always stuck carrying our gear no matter
what we have our passion comes with us
for us it's equipment tripods for Jeremy
it's his drum we're gonna finish this
strong today then we are actually I
don't think I mentioned yet we're
actually driving back to Ohio tonight
Scottie has to go back to work you can't
finish the tour we want to make sure
that we don't jeopardize Scotty's job
what's your thoughts this is a great
experience and it was great I'd loved
every minute of it
yeah but gotta make money yes sir that's
true my babies need shoes the babies
need shoes Scott was actually able to
come because his job didn't have work
for the beef that we've been gone
already and everything was cleared but
now his boss wants him to come so we
don't want to risk Scottie losing his
job so
we're gonna finish this we get to go
home tonight
later tonight see the family which is
gonna be awesome and Indiana is only
like three and a half hours from my
house so we can't film with Matthew
until he gets out of school cuz Matthew
is still quite young and goes to school
it kind of works out it works out
you
okay we're ready James I was a comical a
little time lines we had right there so
yeah I had to set up all the gear and
ones to do time less of that and James
just made it that much better
Oh hilarious we just moved right along
with the interview and now we're going
to do we're gonna do a quick tip so you
can get warmed up not a quick tip this
is a prototype
you're a pro this thing gonna be no
quick sure well I think we're gonna
teach video we're gonna teach you guys
how to do the finger roll
and I think most people want to learn
how to do like drum rolls you know like
how to do a drum roll nice just like
that the castle came to see us he
traveled from hours and hours away says
mom and that was a joke no but thank you
for coming to see us Andy brought
something for us to sign if you guys
remember that picture from Jeremy loops
concert that was actually shot by Jeremy
leaves himself you know that yeah he
shot that himself I was like oh look at
my camera we won't show them I'll get
them later oh okay I'll get them later
we're doing this yeah thanks again bro
it's nice to meet you nice to meet you
thanks mom for bringing them I didn't
get to say this for our last shoot but I
want to say it now because I feel like
this is a real true production okay that
is a wrap that's a wrap on you Jeremy
dude it was awesome
thank you again for being so cool man I
couldn't have done it without you
dude you're amazing don't ever forget
that and I can't wait to see what you
come up with in the future you know what
I mean like I just want to see you
progress and grow and go on to do bigger
and better things
give me so you're on the right track I
mean I just love that I love that we
actually got to come and meet up with
you and film yeah we're gonna make a
proper solid video and we're gonna
inspire the world dude
believe it or not this is such a sight
for sore eyes I've had to pee since we
won't was since we stepped into this
park oh yeah it's another one of those
sad goodbyes dude it's fun it's fun
filming with you I appreciate you being
a part of it in all Syrians I know we
joke around a lot but I'm really glad
that we had to you know we had this time
to get you a part of the legends of
awesome you're talented dude I can't
wait to see what you come up with in the
future where you got you guys agree
right yeah I just can't wait to see what
yeah incredible skills and talents and
stuff like that anyway man it's good to
meet you I can't wait to see you again
if I'm at LAN I'm gonna hook you up
James is just saying this right here
looks like a scene from Law nobody
yesterday there's so many locations
around here which are where Walking Dead
is filmed and now you look you're
looking at stuff you're thinking that is
where certain shots opinion like this
that totally looks like a scene from
Lord I just want to see I just want to
see Darrell pull out in his motorcycle
start whacking some zombies oh god this
is Oh God it's kind of a unfortunate we
didn't really get to be any photos or we
didn't get to visit these spots for any
parts that were on that map we showed
last night it's uh we did my show Emma's
the prison was cuz now it's so cool and
that's like South and we're up sea
headed north now yeah fortunately but
that would have been decision like an
iconic thing to fill the prison yeah oh
my gosh even though it sounds like South
as well I have looked to see was like
North to see we could stop in on the way
nothin
any light a little bit snow like the
iconic stuff would be like the scenes
where I know certain things happened
yeah we got time to keep we just
finished here in Atlanta Jeremy's back
home super fun awesome guy very very
talented I hope you guys can appreciate
I've had no I know
percussion probably isn't like one of
those top priority talents maybe but I
really think that you guys are gonna
enjoy that video I think I think you'll
appreciate the talent that it takes to
do what he does and so with that Atlanta
it was fun
but now we are on the road again to to
Ohio it's funny by the end of this vlog
you're gonna get to see Veronica at
least but the kids might be in bed
home we go hearing knock knock knock
knock on the
this flipping bag was unzipped
like
Hey
that happens right we just stopped for a
bite to eat at Wendy's it was beautiful
we've got full bellies it's time to hit
the road once again feel like we've said
that a lot ever sending out the cars I'd
never twelve hours to go so listen I've
literally been on my phone for the past
couple hours the last cookie saw was
Tennessee diversed I had to talk to
Veronica
and there seems to be a little bit of
trouble at home I don't want to go into
that very much because we need to figure
out but someone in the family really
needs some help again I want you guys to
prayers for that my dad my dad called me
and he says look
we want to
he watched the vlog where we crashed the
drone told me he wants to
another one because
he didn't really say I think it's
because he believed so much and what
we're doing
that we need that piece of equipment the
uniqueness of those shots for these
videos you believe so much in what we're
doing that he wants what he did he
bought me a new drum and it's being
shipped
so heartwarming to know that so many
people have your back and
and support you not only did my dad
offer that help but I had my buddy Jake
who makes our t-shirts he was ready to
shit me overnight
his drone to use and also I have a buddy
in Cincinnati who has drones and wants
to come coach you so like just the light
so I just want to say thank you to Jake
- Mike - my dad to everyone who
would have wanted to help make that
reappear better I just think it's
it makes me so humble to know that I
have some
I just want to be I want to express it I
don't want it to go unsaid
thanks to James Holley for being with us
on the tour
for which we are super grateful and we
couldn't have done it without it would
be so awesome if you guys would go to
his channel and just smash it for me you
know check the link in the description I
believe it's been in the description of
all the blogs and with us in large the
360s the name go watch James and stuff
super huge thanks to Scotty for being
the og driver BTS cameraman got this
down
I could have done all this without all
you guys and I just want to say thank
you
I know it's only like you yeah thank you
asking us a couple on this awesome
journey
Grammy wanna thank God first of all I
want to tell you guys the story about
our trip and our venture Holly as you
know we said this before we left Holly's
vegan we knew it'd be difficult to to
feed Holly on the road and we stopped
earlier and poor Holly we did win these
I promised they have black bean burgers
you can get it like something did not
have a black bean burger and so poor
Holly had to suffer through a apple
pecan salad no chicken let's go to
Walmart you can get some fruit you can
get whatever you want
yeah yeah and you got that cooler in
there it's perfect solution for everyone
but for me I know I mean this there's an
Arby's right there I'm so happy you're
getting options mango and well that's
good you know like strawberries
we left oh I love manga well I don't
want to cut into your food supply James
and Holly think we came outside to get
the Jeep but we're literally hiding in
front of it they just got back in it
they're currently in the Jeep we're
gonna crawl around the side and pop up
on either side of him and scourge
powerful
oh it legit was like something's not
right here I'm gonna totally scary but
in theory
we just pulled into my house
Scottie's like get out get out we just
pulled into my house I'm gonna miss you
we will reunite soon enough that's true
this is like scenes James I know you
gotta go it's late as f urine pumping
you're a champion you're about to see
your wife side in and your kids are you
gonna wake them up oh yeah I love you
buddy bud
thank you can't go for part two but yeah
longevity is the key all right I'll see
you see it's good honey did we wake you
it is super late 137 we should set up
James and Holly's accommodations present
okay this I heard this hotel has super
fast Wi-Fi yeah yeah
it seems our air mattress is sprung a
bit of a leak
duct tape solves everything yeah you
know they have a saying around here
if you can't duck it you know say is it
pretty fantastic to be home look we got
doubtfully back there brown asleep over
there James obviously I am super excited
to wake up in the morning and see my
babies so I can't wait for that but this
is the end of the line for today short
stop at home we get up tomorrow morning
and we're gonna leave by eleven twelve
ish to head to Indiana in our Jeep one
more man down Scotty back to work so it
just just be the three of us yeah we got
this yeah of course it was so that guys
is where we will leave you for today
welcome back to Micasa
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you all right back
here
