so we're staying another night
but not in this room this place is
definitely unique it's so it's and cool
temple the helpful we're staying in this
room instead much bigger much much
bigger this will do I just I just want
to get a picture oh yes ma'am
huh
I love your energy you're awesome you're
still young yeah have a great day so
yeah we're coming back to the same part
we were at yesterday blue says this is
the best beach around as far as views
because it's got the rocks and it's got
the tree coverage and stuff it's just
such a beautiful place so we're gonna
visit this place for a while hang out
catch them drone footage go get ready
for a sunset cruise later tonight we're
just gonna try and oh we do have to film
the pro tip video with blue you should
be here in just a bit you guys gonna
have fun with me yeah we got fun back at
it again with the juggling skills so
we're back at fort was the Zak port for
zachary taylor we're gonna do a quick
protip video he's gonna teach you guys a
little bit about how to juggle like a
beast and that'll be up on the legends
of awesome Cannell too after his main
episode this is how we capture like all
the content we can and make some really
cool informative and inspiring videos
for you guys to watch so we're gonna get
to this and then go dip in the ocean
okay I got a smudge on here hold on
you're dirty look on that
okay so we're finally putting the 360
camera to good use we're gonna take a
really cool photo with you blue that's
gonna turn into like one of those tiny
planet images like the legends of
awesome logo sweet yeah so each person
we film we're gonna take a 360 photo
with them and try and make their own
tiny planets you're like the king of
your own world all right it's gonna be
it's gonna be cool you've made a
contraption definitely made it like
alright we've spent the past couple
hours running around getting drone
footage photos video clips anything
extra we might need to use and blue
you're about to leave dude I just want
to say I just want to say man
Oh blue don't be like that bro we
offended goodbyes dude as Austan meet
you
thank you so much for everything right
on I'm gonna be coming down here again
soon with my wife we're gonna help you
or look you up rather hang out for sure
good luck on your performances
well shout at you later we're doing the
sunset sale so we'll shout agita fling
spam holler say something I'll say
something back vulgar yeah yeah I've
been wanting to do this since we got
here
look at that hot buddy
Oh
that was fun
we enjoyed this this was definitely
needed but you're good there's a
five-foot minimum for a continual
vlogging weight 7 foot action now it's
time for us to go and get ready for this
sunset cruise there's gonna be really
fun
my friend Kiera said that she's never
got off of this cruise sober because
there's unlimited drinks champagne and
food but we got to leave early tomorrow
morning so I don't think we're I'm not
down for getting wasted on this cruise
oh that would be fun we'll save that for
next time yeah that'd be the worst
wouldn't it
I couldn't imagine be stuck in a car
feeling like trash after all that
drinking no thanks
and we're off quick stop back at the
hotel rinse off from all the saltwater
your boarding pass boarding passes
you're boarding 40 scan over yeah not
don't worry about whatever he says is a
lie because I don't even know him
we're supposed to wait by this monument
for the captain of the ship and judging
by the looks of the crowd that's also
waiting by the monument this might be
like old folks cruise first order
business is to grab a train against a
vessel
you gotta keep moist you know what I
mean
you got to keep moist dark up that's
great
I want to give a huge shout out to Scott
it's gonna be a proper send-off for our
trip where you can run so tight I'm
ready for drink I think we all are
this is good camera setup
it's beautiful
that's so cool dude dude look at it it's
amazing
have-have yeah this is a blast
I wanna I'm blown away I know well
listen this is just stop one so we leave
tomorrow morning early
it's give me more Atlanta yeah it is see
like 13-hour drive tomorrow that's right
but we got 13 hours to work on something
yes sir we're leaving Jeff we're out of
here there's a pleasure to meet you
brother
we'll see ya that man we had a good time
with him in his wife yeah super awesome
reminded me of my Uncle Bill actually
it's like that everywhere you go down
here in Florida I feel like people just
they give a crap you know they have
manners I don't know southern
hospitality is totally real beats this
is where it's at
Duval Street the famous Duval Street
earlier this place was like yeah but at
night it comes alive really whoa fun a
mission to find some food and then head
back to the hotel edit gather all our
gear together charge batteries and
prepare for our next adventure Atlanta
Georgia
looky what we found a Hard Rock Cafe
definitely eat here for sure
gilroys going smart today salmon you
guys all got burgers so James has been
on me about my lack of using a knife at
the table and I just want to liberate
you because this guy's using a knife and
fork for french fries hat put it down
I'm just gonna show like you know
Oh James I want you to try I'm gonna
liberate you for a second put that down
and pick up that damn french fry with
your fingers like a barbarian stone this
I was right like a man bread front how's
that feel my hard rock it was fun always
left the hardrock
Oh
so fast-forward to well this little
porch swing here we're sitting now on
our on our hotel's porch swing editing
the last of the Keywest video vlog video
vlog series for tour stop number one
legends of awesome I'm delirious
currently 12:03 and we have to get up
super super early to get on the road and
drive where we're going to Atlanta
Georgia first thing in the morning and
it's it's gonna be an all-day car ride
12 13 maybe 15 hours yeah you know you
should do me a huge favor if you made it
to the end of this vlog and you enjoyed
it slap a like on it and share today's
video share the videos from our
adventures share the love because you
know we want to we want to make these
things go around the world to be honest
so do us that favor and share today's
vlog and leave a like and let us know in
the comments what your favorite part was
about our Key West adventure and so yeah
on to Atlanta tomorrow so that guys is
where we will leave you for today I want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
all right back here
