current time is 8:20 a.m. we have to
leave in two I know what you're thinking
Gil why didn't you upload yesterday
you're in LA you could have made some
epic blog well I know
I'm with you
intercontinental where we're staying
very did y'all know country iron clothes
what it was blank when it was in the
back and you know I guess want to make
sure that you know the hood you know and
that now looks great and we're ready to
go this is amazing trip I know we got a
day don't that's an amazing amazing day
for those who don't know chase
enrollment took him to the most amazing
barbecue spot we got chasing and make
the vodkas you buddy got me some garbage
that's not whatever that's right we've
done it we've done it pretty big here in
LA and and we're leaving like we're
leaving today we're going to well we're
going to New York so he just got away
for Rome and get ready look I forgot to
mention man when we were asked him to do
he gave me an 18 hat and you know what
low-key love it it's going to be a big
difference between LA in New York like
this beautiful sunshine you're not going
to see palm trees
just looking at a poster yeah poster or
like I got nothing let's go on another
adventure boy oh you ready
we got multiple planes multiple you know
it if I get another loved one the
hardest thing about like filming vlogs
and days we have to travel you can only
do so many years out the window that's
how we take off try to make it fun you
know we got to get some food and what
better place since Duncan don't know
anything was talking you I don't the
copy just knowing it's coming you just
get left I am I'm listed already Joe
this place is busy like
loud
oh it's form of Chicago I remember the
last time we flew into Chicago it was
like winter raising holdin this air air
at jeopardy absolute contempt
in the event of an emergency leave all
belongings and proceed to the closest
useable exit ladies and gentlemen it is
our pleasure to welcome you to Rochester
New York
okay we made it to Rochester didn't
really realize that it was going to be 9
o'clock at night but Tom got here almost
10:00 we just took a tour of Romans new
apartment
I hope you guys like but I mean we could
come here old time I love it yeah no I
actually got um extra room is that I
call the closet ya know the public big
enough for you
we're delirious from travel you guys
it's been a super long day you guys both
just sat down
we were waiting on you yeah I know but
it's bad time I want to show them I want
to share something again on the last
flight over here let me sit down I got I
got a little distracted from filming any
vlog footage because I'll sit next to a
grandma okay she was coming in town for
her sisters passing bless her heart my
condolences
but we were sharing stories that I never
thought I'd share with her grandma you
won't know what it was
I do she's telling me about going to
France and hurt her burning desire to
visit a nude beach she tell me about the
topless local there you go
so I tonight I get to check off my
bucket list having a conversation with a
grandma about nude beaches granny Beach
what's more weird having that on my
bucket list or actually talking to a
grandma about food I'll see the rest of
the Restless it's pretty exciting good
but we don't have time for that because
it's getting late and we need to eat
some food
very slowly about that these sidewalks
need some work where should you bring
your hiking boot hey everyone say hi to
Ryan O'Donnell this guy right here DP
and he makes some amazing things having
worked on what type of TV shows sound
like a bass or a survivor
say no more that's serious business
right there found a really nice spot
actually the only one we've come and sit
down and have some food but it is blurry
it's sorry gerade like it's raining wow
it's late so pretty much one o'clock in
the morning had a nice dinner got rained
on we've had a pretty uneventful day a
lot of travel just pretty much sleeping
on an airplane so tomorrow's a big day
we have plans to I don't know if I can
say it we have plans to do a really
really big shoot tomorrow it's going to
be it's going to be high energy super
action sporty type of shoot I'm super
excited we're going to meet some really
incredible people and I'm not sure if I
can film that for you guys but I know
you're going to see what's going on and
I can't wait for you guys to see what
we're actually shooting I hope you at
least enjoyed our time today so that my
friends is where I have to leave you for
today thank you so much for watching and
can we see you right back here
