morning guys we've already got the boys
off to school on the bus we got Blaine
here
lame say hi maybe lines though we're
just having some breakfast some eggs and
strawberries and blueberries and toast
you can say hi Liza hey good morning hey
daddy's hmm
we'll see daddy in a little bit we'll
FaceTime him so you can see him right so
you're done with breakfast and we're
just kind of having a relaxing day here
so far
lining lies are playin watchin cartoons
why are we doin oh yeah are you sure
dude we need one more piece mm-hmm
who's kind of nice just kind of sitting
and relaxing this morning don't know
much to do on the agenda today but
hanging out with kids miss Liza Minnelli
I think she's right for now that's
holding her down hey down baby Blaine we
doing
so lives I've laid down for a nap and
blame I put Blaine on the Xbox so I
could get a shower and look what showed
up but let's see my BFF and look how
well she is doing a lot better a lot
better fully but better now she just has
very little paralysis or drooping left I
mean she can move her I bet her she can
move her whole mouth to food better so
guys we had to leave the house for a
little bit
I need out we're just running in town
Lindsey needs to look for some
flip-flops because verse disappear just
think serve elevate them which is
possible or took them out back and
buried on somewhere
we've hit the jackpot of flip-flops
these are like the more comfortable
casual flip-flops they've got like the
dressy wand with the fancy buckles and
that's enough we're not here for that
look at these they should get these one
thing with the woman the mom of boys you
need superhero flip-flops tell her
Blaine
well there's Wonder Woman flip-flops or
what about these the Batman ones
Blaine went ahead and picked them out
cold you mom of boys you gotta go with
the superhero stuff shopping trip
successful yes Lindsey got some
flip-flops and wait what banana banana
so we got back to my house and we're
waiting on the boys to get home of
course them just got home and we're
waiting on Colin and then we're gonna go
back to Lindsey's and hang out since our
husbands our way hanging out we might as
well hang out right and we're gonna have
dinner over there alright guys we are on
our way to Lindsay's
and I'm still playing my ferret Malins
he got to ride all by herself but we all
saw our bring in echo puppy she does
she's doing better with the car rides
but she's anxious to get out of here and
we'll see how she likes blue puppy
playdate they've met once before but
they were little puppies and it goes
like I feel like he's gonna scramble
over me I know that's what hers is
standing up in a minute go oh I go stay
right here well they both get good
exercise we let them play for a minute
well blue is getting too rough with that
goal so we had to tie him up and echo
came back to him and she's just gonna
get used to him on her own terms and she
wind up putting him in his place and
he'll he'll know what he can and can't
get away with with her look at him
she wants to play with him but he is
just like he just pummels over top over
he probably weighs three times as much
as she does okay we've got the dogs
settled down enough you know they were
very excited at first crazy blue
actually broke his collar so Lindsey the
only other thing she had is like a
choker collar and he actually did a lot
better with that he wasn't choking
himself but he's lying outside under the
tree with water cooling down oh my gosh
look well either just put Blaine's
flip-flop on perfectly and a cousin here
laying with us yeah so we can cook but
we haven't even been here in the house
and let Eliza loose five minutes and
she's got everything strung around the
cupboards don't you Liza who are you
looking for we're looking for she's
looking for something so on the menu
tonight is shake-and-bake pork chops and
cheesy potatoes and the boys are having
corndogs
you know courses on before though and
the other day for Mother's Day I made
that cheeseball and we've got the
leftovers here and we're actually
dipping these butter or pretzels in it
and it's actually really good I've
always just had it with crackers but
it's good with Christmas too
it's our appetizer so you guys know
around here these junebugs
their beetle type things whatever their
cause are horrible I was trying to get
Lindsay she found one in her sink she
was trying to get it out but she this
won't touch it
please get this bug right here I'll take
it outside now right here and this thing
pick it up come on you're brave no come
on
for all the gladiators it won't bite it
won't sting yeah no I promise it's just
a June bug Blaine this bug can we take
it outside you see it down there come on
take it outside here ready ready
here here come here Lanvin we grabbed
that bug out of there and take it
outside here wait I'll toss it to you so
we're sitting here waiting on dinner and
all the kids are sitting there playing
and I just loved how Eliza's the only
girl but all of these boys are so good
with her and they love her they're
actually sitting here playing with her
whom you love Liza don't stop yeah well
we have had dinner it was delicious
thank you and now the kids are just
running around outside
ah goddamn five nights at freddys Eliza
Dunn game rim game Wow now we're just
hanging out we just got off face time
with Jason Scott and they're on a boat
and we're here we're here at least it's
not cold and rainy all right I mean some
decent weather out here right now yeah
look at Lysa's a little chair lines are
we doing oh yeah so the kids have been
playing outside for a while and we're
just going to got Liza bath so she's all
nice and clean she got pretty dirty out
there she needed a bath anyway and we're
gonna bathe all the boys here too um the
tips are really bad this year so we're
just gonna come in bring them in strip
it down check them for ticks and give
them a bath so wait this by the time we
get home that's gonna be a bad time and
they need Bad's anyways so just get it
done yeah thanks Lindsay here we are in
Lindsay's basement
the kids are all playing xbox but boys
I'm sorry to say it's time to go home
it's time maybe it's bedtime maybe we'll
come back tomorrow
Lindsay thanks for having us
we will see you tomorrow I know and I'm
glad you're doing better feeling better
and looking better than you
she's still trolling a little bit but
she's on steroids still they're weaning
her off the steroids so that could be it
too but yeah gotta go home get these
kids in bed it's 9 o'clock luckily
they've already had showers so we have a
bit of a dilemma as I'm driving home my
mom calls me and says all the power went
out didn't start flickering and just
went out like it's the end of the world
as I'm driving home I take you know the
long way so I can see the main road and
see what's going on no accidents nothing
like that all of the surrounding towns
are out of power completely it's
pitch-black around here I'm gonna take
all the kids inside and put them to bed
and then call I'm gonna call the power
company and see what they say and then
go from there if it's gonna be out for a
while I'm gonna have to pull out the
generator so that way I can plug in the
sump pump and the refrigerator to keep
our food cold and keep our basement pump
from flooding so let me get these kids
to bed and I'll check back with you guys
so tada powers back on I went laying
liza down and then i got the boys all
set up in my bed and let a candle up
there so they can lay down and go to
sleep just as i was giving them hugs and
kisses the power came back on so that's
good
still no idea why it went off but i love
you to have it back on now but that's
probably where I'm going to end it for
tonight so that way I can I gotta go get
some more stuff out of the Jeep and then
I have to edit so in the wave you guys
well there thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
