good morning guys who's ready for an
epic day
look at this beautiful we're literally
in paradise
you guys ready dude
I can't wait listen moments from now
we're gonna be on the beach
our first setup is on the beach and I
was like super stoked to just film on
the beach in my bare feet with the Ronin
and the drone I'm just like I'm stoked
this is what I live for this is what I
love to do and so I want to say thank
you guys for joining us today on our
journey
legends of awesome starts now look at
these guys right here it's awesome
the only ones my Birds we are at the
beach and that means
you can get sunburned real quick but I'm
not having that so we'll put that lotion
on
I also have to make an executive
decision to not put any product in my
hair because it's that hot I want it
like running down my face
random banana tree right here what it's
so sick I'll tell you I'm loving Key
West already the the environment is
beautiful you ready to do this
still it man I'm ready man James and
Holly are coming and then we got to stop
and get a bunch of waters and we'll be
on our way
we have a date sir I can't wait let's do
it look at this but oh my god and look
who we found blue
so guys this is blue he is the local
most incredible juggler I'm gonna say it
the local most incredible juggler we
came here to film with this guy and he's
shown us around our first location what
is the name of this Beach this is port
zachary taylor for zachary taylor it is
absolutely beautiful really cool like
canopy shots to be had under there a
rock point over here we're just going to
get the gear and start having fun bro
haha you know we're actually closer to
Cuba than we are to a Walmart the
closest closest Walmart's 108 miles
great seriously you bliss 90 miles away
dang
it's like the word have the board leg
plays out
blue stumps about the
the way they choose spots for Mallory
square
they choose they choose spots out of a
bucket like out of a lottery see who
gets the best spot for their shows for
the performances at night we just
finished the interview part right here
on these rocks it's such a beautiful set
it's very very hot and everything or
just wait really Mallard that's what I
call Mallory square the hunger games for
all the street performers when there's
so many of us out there we're all like
fighting for that slice of pizza you
know so it's like wait that's what that
looks pretty technical it's a big mess
switch it up Oh
laughs oh that was good shot
yeah that's something we're gonna do to
is like I wanted to do kind of pro tip
videos with each of the guys because
they obviously have a lot of talent and
they know what they're doing so we may
you guys are gonna see like a juggling
technique slash tutorial from blew
himself an amazing juggler so we
finished the interview part and we're
now going to move to the technically
shot which I'm really excited about you
see we the rocks how they go to the pier
for the end back there that's where I'm
going to fly the drone it's gonna hook
if we're around the peak here we got to
do a battery swap but James is gonna
catch a really cool shot I'm ready when
you are
wait did you drop another one we should
help him find it look we've literally
got all the gear out working hard in
this Sun we just finished some epic
drone footage out there on the point and
we're now getting ready to do knives
which is gonna be really really cool
wait do that again not only is he a
street performer but he's like a
comedian to this guy
setting up the Ronin for our next shot
with the knives it's about to get really
real and they still do right I feel like
this is super dangerous but you're gonna
make it look like it's easy now are
these sharp at all okay there's no it's
not let's just say they're okay and to
increase the realism and danger factor
of fate I'll show you I'll show you how
big they are okay too much faith and you
do all those at once
dude that is literally I would be scared
out of my mind
haha I love this vid is it
not only is it good buddy has fun with
it and that's important like just take a
second to look at what's happening right
now you guys we are in the middle of Key
West at fort zachary beach with our
first guy on our first legends of
awesome tour filming chasing that dream
making it happen so wrong thumbs up for
that right for the tree for the dream
most tedious part of what we do is
setting up and tearing down the gear
we're getting ready to go to lunch nice
little spot my friend Kyra told me about
you guys we'll get to meet her in a
second look at this backdrop though it's
not real
that's huge what does this guy Norberg
Thompson this place is so cool
also see the fury here this company they
do like boat tours a bunch of stuff
we're gonna be doing a sunset sail with
them tomorrow night
it'd be super cool but we are eating
right here at fisherman's cafe I was
told it was the bomb guys Keira just met
up with us and I used to work with her a
lot me do you know she lives here now
and gets to be here all the time
and told us about this spot so we're
gonna have lunch right here at
fisherman's cafe what is what is your
suggestion what's the best
dear like lobster rolls because there is
a place in Philly I went that has its
multi-purpose lobster roll
but if you're suggesting lobster mac and
cheese done okay everyone's getting
their order on what are you getting
turkey club okay okay what did you get
please know you are turning red bro bird
okay bacon bacon cheeseburger sweet
potato fries okay water please
yeah I was like give me the coldest
thing you got it is literally I'm
swimming look at these guys just making
the most delicious food I gotta say
those lobster tacos work oh uh we have a
second location to film and then we have
to go to Mallory Square where he
performs so we're gonna have that it's
our third location and then that's it I
mean that's it this part of your act
right here blue that's not part of your
act that's so crazy there's just
chickens literally roaming around here
just chicken that's wild all right
nice a special trip right here
nice so we are at the spa
this is mallory square this is where you
performs where the magic happens so
before the the crowd gets here we're
gonna do some some more shooting here
because this is kind of cool this is a
really cool spot and we got to get him
on top of this unicycle because it's
super tall so let's let's get you up
there
you're my boy blue look at you all right
so I gotta get the drone footage you
know so blue says that here at Mallory
square all these different spots are
lined up with different performers we
got no hi uh guy right here doing magic
because the Elvis we got music down
there
we got tightrope walkers down here all
kinds of cool stuff and so basically
they draw a lottery up at the booth here
and they pick turns to see where their
spots are gonna be and all that and so
they all take turns doing their show so
we are gonna catch blue doing his sunset
performance here at Mallory Square for
the video today and just looking at the
sunset we're gonna be having here man
this is so cool it's really crazy how
like this whole place has completely
come alive from an hour ago so many
vendors people sounding like jewelry and
coconuts and drinks and food and now
we've got a sword swallower going up
this is incredible
very natural his name is REM - Bren - so
you guys probably saw us in a couple
episodes ago try and open a coconut
this guy this guy knows his stuff yeah
best for human consumption and for
camera photography I'll take one
coconut is like the air we breathe it's
now for the liking are for the loving is
for the having and living forever
naturally no straw no ice no plastic no
syrup Chevy use no oculus cheers to you
sir no condoms no pops actually refers
all of the players
yeah I can't think of anything better to
have right now in this moment and then
fresh the cup time fly guys it's show
time and the battery is almost dead on
this camera again I don't know what else
I can show you until I charge this
little bit but time to fly blue freedom
the show you just did my bro was epic
thank you thanks so much you you guys
will see in the footage the amount of
people that like walk up and come and
check him out your your attitude during
this performance is it's sick incredible
your your completely different person
myself you know the same way I was with
you guys kind of you know but I was just
warned there's more dude they love you
they love you is so cool man else does I
would have been done with this show if I
didn't do what I just did yeah I would
have been done like five minutes you're
making people laugh jokes that's what
you that's what you that's the part of
the show you know yeah anyone can do
this do that trick or do the other
it makes the show is the people there
yeah yeah it's a two-way street how
we've had an incredible first day of
shooting I feel like we got most
everything we need for this video but we
definitely have to go back to the hotel
now it's never not inventory footage
it's never enough I can't I can't thank
you enough for being so awesome
you deserve this dude don't know if I've
got enough battery but I want to show
this coconut guy the coconut brand -
look look listen when we came in town
last night I found a tree and I saw
coconut oh yeah know what I want to get
that oh yeah and I wanted to show you
this coconut yeah man
is it trash or what no such thing as a
trash all coconuts are always best
really yeah that's matter we want to
take them back with you man
okay they don't mean okay can happen
maybe it would be best in four years
it's it's my it's my my yeah from
keyword yeah it was nice to meet you man
take care yeah for sure
I love it
literally walking in the mill the
records starting at Keywest
that's right blisters I don't think I
don't think I took damage I I prepped
for this I've been outside since it
started getting nice no I didn't breath
but the back of my leg I'm leaving my
chores oh my goodness shorts no
definitely get into the pool we're gonna
order pizza is that that's a gill runway
and I think we're about to take a nice
little dip in this bowl here
so guys due to the charging of the
battery since this battery doesn't last
as long as my other one
we've had some my cameraman it's I'm
sorry I'm just talking the truth about
cannon so we've had some pizza we had a
nice little swim got a blog edited down
they're exporting and we'll get that up
for you guys I I think that's all we've
got for you guys today what an epic day
we've we Came we filmed it was great it
really was it was really great to meet
blue and see what he does on a daily
basis like this kid does that every
single day and it's just really cool to
see someone doing what they love to do
like this is the whole mantra behind
legends of awesome this guy does what he
loves to do every single day and he's
making a living doing it so I hope that
this video isn't inspirational to you
guys when you watch it I don't know when
it's gonna be up exactly but I promise
it's gonna be up in due time I promise
so that my friends
is where we will leave you for today I
kind of messed up the last clip of
yesterday's vlog I don't know how but
this one will get it thank you guys so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
