good morning guys it is early morning
calling you should breakfast bud hmm
you can't tell by now I'm not a morning
person
but you gotta do what you got to do
right I need some coffee this morning
Oh
sometimes in the morning it's like
pulling teeth to get them to move uncle
that was showed up last night to see if
they needed any help with the kids
heads up staying morning person yeah one
of the church of blocks for the actual
chartered who's like they're falling out
still need to find out that day not see
yeah we fix this flashlight yes fan and
then they loses it need somewhere in the
depths of the couch is that that's where
you're playing with it that was on the
couch yeah
today's pizza day at school - a it's
always pizza day so kids usually buy on
pizza day time to pack their lunches
this morning we made it to the bus stop
right around like exactly what time he
needs to be here so
we don't know yet if he's missed the bus
or not maybe birdie passing have a great
day I love you that's right guys it is
8:30 in the morning and it is already 60
degrees 15 degrees so I wish wrong okay
so we are officially spring time I
believe hopefully we don't have any more
chilly super chilly morning a chilly
night now that we had that bonfire ma'am
we can do another one this weekend I
can't be do one tonight cuz it's too wet
it's been raining
there you go Carson there's your boss
have a great wonderful awesome day at
school
love you lose Wednesday good morning
Liza's having breakfast she had some
strawberries and granola bar and
blueberry blueberry yeah I'm having
y'all Girton strawberries boo-boos NOLA
amber showed up and look at that
stranger it's manda it's been a minute
since we've seen you
she's on strike she's on strike yeah I
come around we think I didn't get to go
back to bed this morning Eliza was awake
but I was upstairs and I'm hearing Liza
so I go in and get her and as soon as I
turn around to start walking down the
stairs there's Amanda and amber like
creeping up the stairs I was like what
in
world they actually scared me they're
trying to creep in and very good things
are hard you got your remote so baby
Lysa just got up from her nap
I have showered it's kind of hard to get
a shower while she's awake so you have
to take advantage of that kind of stuff
when she takes a nap so now I guess it's
lunchtime
oh wait Julie Anne Wheaton broccoli it's
not good so Liza she already devoured a
fruit cup while I was fixing her
broccoli and now she's devouring the
broccoli I am having leftover pizza for
lunch
sometimes it's difficult cleaning with
the toddler because I put something away
and she takes something else out right
behind me are you doing
see I told you I just put that way and
then you go to you right back out what's
up with that what's up with that
you don't know
aren't you gonna leave your toys daddy
toys where's your toys at who's home
who's home from school not daddy it's
Carson it's a crime school oh I know you
did it all for the week didn't you and
what color is blue two times in a row
good job high five yeah oh my goodness
Oh easy
don't hurt your mommy oh oh that was a
good one high five Liza
high five mommy high five yay yay she's
singing guilt when she's not me anyway
I brought the kids down here to amber I
it's Wednesday as you know I have to go
to the barn and clean the stalls so I'm
gonna go do that I am let the kids and I
had to bring wine supply because she
didn't take her afternoon nap and she
seems very tired and whiny so I went
ahead and brought the packing plane set
it up in Amber's room so that way she
can mind out take a nap if she needs to
so you guys have fun huh and here we are
we have made it to the barn I've got all
these thoughts cleaned we shouldn't be
too bad today we just did him on Monday
so yeah I am running out of energy very
fast we're going up one two three done
we're working on the fourth and then we
have four more to go
it is very hot out here and I I war we
got these like sweatband things like you
put on around your belly to help sweat
and lose weight well I'm really sweating
sorry about the last clip as those
filming battery died you know I'm
getting used to all this I'm the vlog
and edit and this and that I totally
forgot to plug in the camera last night
so exhausted the battery but I'm and
it's and Amber's and she fixed spaghetti
for dinner the kids ate all the garlic
bread so not gonna have garlic bread
with it which I shouldn't have bread
anyways but she made salad - I'm gonna
eat a salad after ate this thanks for
dinner thanks for watching the key
Madison
I'm bump every now and then yeah I see
you hit a vote but I got hair I don't
got nothing yeah if you pin that back it
might fall out more
we're gonna carry most know what I just
got enough here come on mo bye bye bye
mama
Pina bye guys
I had to go to the grocery store tonight
and I was planning on vlogging but the
battery died so I had to plug it in and
now I've got a full battery not used to
this kind of stuff making sure things
charged and all that but I'm gonna get
these groceries put away hopefully the
weather will be a little nicer tomorrow
I'm watching Blaine so we'll have him
here to play with Eliza we'll do some
fun stuff but that's what I'm gonna
leave you guys for tonight I still have
to edit I have to make sure I get these
edited at night because the baby wakes
up and I won't be able to do it with the
baby here and all that so that being
said we will see all of you right back
here tomorrow
