good morning guys it's a beautiful
morning here in Savannah Georgia about
time for us to get back on the road it
is hot James you guys have a good
night's sleep
I'm ready it is positively beautiful
outside
I leave you step outside it is very very
warm yes yeah unfortunately that is our
reality
yeah but that doesn't mean we can stop
and get like a nice little bite to eat
for breakfast look at some scenic views
yes and be back on the road on our way
to our final destination Key West
lucky for us one of my favorite
breakfast spots Denny's is like right
attached to the front of the hotel so
we're gonna need some breakfast
you got the meat so look this is one of
my favorite things to get at Denny's
called the Grand Slam just got
everything even inside eggs sausage
bacon cheese ham really good start
all right so we're getting ready to
leave we have nine and a half hours on
the road today that's probably gonna be
extended because you know we want to
stop and like check stuff out if we have
some more scenic places we gotta check
it out take some photos and kind of
break up the what do you call it the
mundane tedious yeah the monotony of
driving solid nine-hour car so are you
guys ready yeah ready
anyone hungry ready to sit down - no
in this beautiful James
we stopped here at a rest stop off i-95
just without the Jacksonville and the
weather is in sea is so nice
I loved the palm trees man huh all this
on a mission to make some of the most
epic videos right yeah so we're not
gonna get to where we need to be like
our hotel until like 8 o'clock gonna be
dark by the time we get there
and I don't think I mentioned but I have
a friend who I used to work with at Papa
booze
her and her mom moved down here quite a
while ago and I hit her up and was like
hey we're coming down and she she set us
up with a place to eat tomorrow and a
sunset sail which I'm really looking
forward to so we're gonna do a sunset
sail tomorrow in the Key West it's going
to be so so beautiful
when's the last time you saw one of
these oh my gosh sir can I borrow a
quarter for the pay phone don't take it
that part no there's no card slot we've
all used the bathroom and had a little
bit of a stretch out I guess no no you
guys I know it you might be thinking
it's kind of boring Gil watching all the
travel stuff it's a lot of driving but
we'll have a lot more cool stuff when we
actually get there so thank you for at
least watching us while we travel I know
it's kind of I don't know maybe a little
boring to you I don't know you let me
know the driver the driving parts boring
we could leave that out if you want I
don't know about you guys but this goes
we're gonna really taste the rainbow
nothing rainbow oh my game I'm good my
team
suit yourself get some rainbow we're
stuff for guys James has got a little
time lapse happening right down got a
little snack trying a new Red Bull never
saw before Kiwi sorry about tea this
exit 528 Port Canaveral if you've
watched for a long time you know that I
was born here in Florida I'm going to
Cape Canaveral and 5:28 takes you over
to Lake Merritt Island Cocoa Beach came
from our area
this area is where chase giltoy that was
paid to this earth scene is so cool I'm
bored by this palm tree you see a tree
like front side and watching my snapchat
but yeah it's really cool I'm like in
the area that I was born pretty dope
right yeah I promise you guys on
snapchat that instead of just you know
hanging out in the car today we're gonna
do something different we're doing a
snapchat Frank it's just a prank bro
he's just a prank bro it's just a prank
bro I'm gonna throw it oh it's honestly
top five soon as I hit record is like
this is my favorite song go get message
not they heard you tell me we just
finished eating some subway and we still
five hours left to drive but it's not
gonna be that long before you see
someone exciting because I'm not gonna
do any more anything until we reach the
actual keys part and we can get out and
have some fun around these hands before
we get back in the car I've got one
challenge to complete okay I saw these
really cool little oval things right
here right here's the deal
we're both gonna start right here in the
middle right I'm gonna be on that one
you're gonna be on this one yeah okay
and whoever can race around it and get
back to point a which is this point
right here one lap fastest is the winner
oh dude that was pretty that was about a
tie fine
what is got a yes got blocks and sleeve
that it didn't prove it proved that
we're in the car too long we need to do
stupid things to keep our energy low
drop this okay
come on me who's this
did he blog a drink I think he did
without a wallet play tricks how did you
pay for that she gave it to me I swear
like here it's on me it's like really
why she's like I want it so bad to get
up
add her around like a Largo or any point
in the keys
with the drone but we're not gonna make
it time
so I mean we're clothes were really
close with by the time I get set up and
everything we're gonna miss it
there it is
that we get
I had to put this battery on charge for
a while and Scotty's like a mutant super
tired soon James makes a song suggestion
and if you guys have ever seen like
Wayne's World or enjoyed the band Queen
more particularly the song Bohemian
Rhapsody which is like a classic super
fun we just did a clip for James's cuz
his camera said back
look at this look just show them quick
the quickness not to be offensive you
totally look like the wind everybody
waits Veronica hello honey
he's really doing it Harry answer your
phone
mid mid shot thank you thank you so
because we're bored you're not exactly
sure what to do with this through here
but here you find a wild chase Gilroy if
you look closely he's trying to open a
coconut we can't get too close because
he might get scared and chase us he's
now getting very desperate
as you can see he still hasn't given up
on the coconut so looking at thinking
how do I get into this looking for like
bucks okay know like how to get we are
here in Key West
but like this particular hotel I'll show
you when we get up here there's no like
real parking spaces it's all like on
street parking
so you gotta take a bunch of stuff out
just to carry our luggages way up there
no worries I brought the board games
check this place out this is our spot
you guys Scotty's already up there going
to our humble about our accommodations
for the next couple days this is uh this
is really cool and as a matter of fact
so cool I wish my V nozzle was here with
me to share it at least I know where to
come you need a key alright this is it
wait so this is our room is this really
our room oh this is the bathroom - this
is funny apologize yeah as soon as we
got here I had I had mother nature was
calling
this room is really small so like
there's no escape don't worry what's the
other half I'm not sure smells like a
BMX race track in there
