morning guys hope everyone's doing well
we just seen Jase and Scotty and James
Holley off on their trip realiza boys
are in school oh my god amber she's
waving at people on the road we're in
town right now we gotta run some errands
go to the store I need diapers for baby
Liza
Amber's got a mail some stuff out and
runs Mayer and stuff like that so that's
what we're doing right now
next stop papers diapers diapers you got
have peppers for baby back there you go
wise though let's get a little hair
brush for your hair since you're
starting to get hair you need to get
used to mommy brushing it putting it up
in little piggy tails you don't owe me
that no okay moving on I should get more
wipes long here
I don't have to come back to the store
tomorrow to get mom
no be going you next stop makeup as you
can tell I have no makeup on because I'm
out so I need to get some some eyeliner
and some mascara I usually don't wear
very much makeup anyways but sometimes
okay so we have fast forward into the
afternoon I have to go to the horse barn
and clean the horse stalls lies is still
taking a nap
Amber's here helping me out she's gonna
watch the kids while I go the boys are
getting off the bus so she's been wait
here and then we're gonna go to her
house she's gonna take the kids to her
house after the boys get home and start
cooking dinner and I'm gonna meet her
down there after I'm done cleaning them
stalls so one thing about cleaning horse
stalls you have to have sawdust to put
back in it after you get it cleaned I am
clean fresh sawdust and I'm in here and
we pretty much juice all the sawdust
last week and we're getting some fresh
sawdust delivered right now
girls
there you go that's how you get a fresh
truckload of sodas results today honey
and uh maybe be focusing on the Mars not
the horse don't bite me don't buy me a
high they didn't get turned out today
cuz it's been raining all day so I'm
gonna have to just kind of turn them out
one by one I'm probably just put them
here in the indoor arena so that way
they can stretch their legs out I'm
cleaning their stall and then put a
microwave clean stall okay I'm just
gonna give you guys a little heads up I
don't know what we'll show but one of
the horses here has a little boo-boo and
we have to investigate a little more
I'll show you guys come here we see see
her nostril right there it's just kind
of she caught it on something obviously
so we're just gonna take further look at
it and see how bad it is so just to talk
to the vet and sent pictures and videos
and stuff and the vet said you know it's
not freshly bleeding so he's gonna come
out it's not an emergency call he's
gonna come out either tomorrow or the
next day Tess is gonna keep him updated
I'm Tessa has some medicine here that he
told her to put on it she's doing good
Dorothy I'm girly girl yeah so we got it
all cleaned up and you know just like
any other scrape or bruise her bum I
mean just keep an eye on it and
go from there okay couple few hours have
gone by and once all left mama bear
showed up to help me yeah she thinks
this is therapeutic look at everybody
chillax in chicken french fried onion
crusted chicken and Oh starving No thank
you for dinner amber was delicious and
she wanted a waffle I know she's done
with the waffle and she's throwing it on
the floor no no or no ma'am no ma'am no
him poor Liza Liza she doesn't know
what's going on she's been asking for
daddy all day amber appreciated keeping
the kids small ten-week these kids home
boys need showers and then I have to
edit have to edit these Fox guys
I take me the rest of the Matt to do it
baby Liza is so ready for that time in
the evening I tell baby Liza night back
we will see all of you right back here
