what's up friends welcome to our day
happy Mother's Day to all those mothers
out there and vinas Oh dizzle
happy Mother's Day to you my love we had
a pretty relaxed morning so far James
and Holly were able to get some sleep
do you feel refreshed yeah yeah I felt
really bad because the kids they wake up
really early and they want to come down
and get so we're like tiptoeing down
here with them asleep I did it was
alright though yeah you go to sleep till
almost 10:00 I was like 9:30 something
well the boys made Veronica very special
cards and stuff boys where's your cards
at you wanna show them come on over here
so this is what Carson made for mommy
any you five nights at Freddy's fans
might recognize that character this is
super nice what's it what's it nut its
card its card
yeah card look my mom is amazing other
flowers to make there is my beautiful
mom her hair's well done entertaining
cookie really nice mom love Carson ah
this is what Colin made what you got
oh nice yeah look what this is even ten
little fingers even ten little fingers
count the ways I love you happy Mother's
Day
ha ha that's cute man nice one thing
that I want my mom to know is I love mom
during the day my mom match it what is
that sake watch is the baby one of my
favorite things to do with my mom is
play games I would describe my mom as
plain funny
nice my mom likes to play video games uh
I didn't know you like to play video
games yeah well what's that saying my
mom laughs when I fart uh-huh oh my gosh
Veronica actually woke up early and we
had coffee and gave the boys haircuts so
this is a Veronica haircut Bonnie
Karstens looks pretty well when boy so
it being Mother's Day we are going to
have some food we're gonna go to I don't
yeah I think we've been there before in
the vlogs too little place called
Stacy's it's like a buffet like a fav
food place the rest of ya know it's got
a cooker clean so the rest of family's
gonna be there
my mom including we're gonna go have
some fun hanging out together
James and Holly are you ready I'm ready
let's do this here we are guys we made
it to Stacy's and they are busy very
busy crazy guys with them do you no no I
do not I'm hungry let's go eat all right
are you confused yeah this is like the
whole community gets together as one big
family okay you know no mom
this is a restaurant yeah James's
surgeon Jesus funny I want to know where
is our family Carson where's grandma you
see her like I had Mont look my family's
all here at Grandma and Grandpa hey
grandma grandpa say hi to YouTube she
said hi honey
they're getting food I gotta show them
around like what what they're supposed
to do here
Brazil Silas hi buddy I will try and
find a highchair yes
where did my lady where'd my baby go mom
took her all right come on James Fisher
this is how we do it okay listen how we
do it
hey there's my brother Josh where you
been here even I just got here I'm here
now all right so this is what we do
you grab a plate right and you're in
your silver no no you don't go there
first you go there lap fun grab your
plate and your silverware and all that
stuff and then you just go crazy and get
food it's a buffet dude pineapple I
wouldn't take the whole pineapple though
how you how you holdin out James good
yeah pretty happy right yeah I'm um
stacked I think I need to head back and
I was gonna pile up a bit more to come
back I dare ya double-dog true mom's job
is never done before she even eats she's
cutting up some stuff for Liza hey guys
you gotta really focus on mom's not only
today I'm ill people ugh you're gonna
focus on mom everyday of course but
today's the day to really drill it all
moms we love you we appreciate mom I
love you and I appreciate you
you guys we came we ate we're leaving
mom are you going home or what I think
we're going home we want to spend time
together it's Mother's Day right oh okay
yeah there you go why can't you come to
our house it's good balance and keep eat
and do this big for supper
Oh grandpa's giving me buff a baron
check out this little tiny car like a
toy car so you can yell toy maybe
there's two full-grown men riding in it
Paulie and I am baby Liza we have to go
to the grocery store first I have to
stop at the pet store because I don't
know if Kirsten let you guys know or not
but his crab that we got from the Outer
Banks has passed away he was pretty
upset about it so I told him we could go
pick out a new crab he didn't want to
come with us to figure out his crab he
wanted mommy to surprise him actually I
think he just wanted to go spend more
time with James gonna make James on the
trampoline yeah see there's over wood we
picked one out
Liza helped she is actually not afraid
of them at all she was reaching for one
down rabbit put it up before he lets out
of the shell and everything hmm
she likes them oh no pushing buttons you
got the crowd on the crab he's got the
crab Harrington baby witness that's the
most expensive crab I've ever MOT pin
Miller
ten dollars and the other banks it like
that's where we usually always get them
from and like the souvenir shops and
it's like I guess you buy the cage and
you get a free crab pretty much just
like you can buy cages for like five
bucks fourteen dollars depending on the
size that you get we get the whole cage
and the crap on just ten dollars for one
round whatever keeps kids happy so yeah
we just had lunch but we have to plan
for dinner later and we're kind of doing
dinner with my mom see evening so we're
going to grill up stakes and
like the cheese fall and I have to get
something vegan friendly for our vegan
friend here so she can get her belly
full too
oh yeah we're just going to get some
get some stuff one thing we came for is
cauliflower because we're making like
Buffalo cauliflower wraps
they have very small power we can tell
you right in front of me like grab for
it as I was walking up to it so I let
her have it but they didn't have these
little packages
she's already cut up but we got some
papa what's mama mm-hmm you got a
headache to head her I think she's ready
for another nap yeah you're only
no we have to come up with a new name
for him
I feel walking in there yeah yeah I want
to see you yeah something you're just
kidding oh I don't want that's about the
same size as you had they had one
teeny-tiny long shell they didn't have
very creative shells coming Basie I
don't know yeah
baseball crabs baseball crab yeah he has
a baseball field what if he switches
shells and I'll call him the other names
crab calling pole in a bowl your hair
looks awesome
Carson it looks great this new homes
name is baseball see if he falls down or
actually climbs yeah I think he's used
to that kind there was nothing like that
in his cage oh yeah we just uh I just
remade our cameras with some new
microphone win screens this is the old
one not only plaid dude yeah the any
form of this one this is velcro the wind
like goes in it still yeah it doesn't
hold the wind back like perfectly but
this one it goes all the way on right
I'm gonna put so hopefully this is gonna
be the one yeah especially dude at the
beach yeah yeah the windy the wind is
horrible at the beach so definitely just
redid this one and hopefully it sounds a
lot better it was a little windy out
here so I had to stop everything and
come out here and put these on
think it's gonna be better you back no
we don't need that you can have it
hold on let me see that look what
they're making this is a roasted
cauliflower for Holi our vegan Asst so
what does that buffalo sauce and stuff
huh it's buffalo sauce it's not buffalo
sauce and hot sauce oh that's vegan
friendly garlic powder salt in coconut
oil or butter but we didn't do better on
her butter so we need coconut which is
all the same thing I'm telling you what
anything else good it smell like it
smells like it smells like buffalo
chicken
really oh man look Dallas is here Zak
what's up boys hello you ready go eat
Liza that's uncle Dallas got you you're
so tall whoo all right so we're going to
Nana's to have dinner I just got done
messaging all the guys in the tour to
say we are indeed flipping the route
because the weather in Indiana we have
one day Monday possibly looks good but
not good enough for us to to go with
plan a we're calling it so for the very
first stop you guys we are going to Key
West
high-five I'm six of Wi-Fi vibes oh my
bad by moving the last here ah when we
were last here mine in Holly's mission
was to drive from my house down in the
heat basically the keys yeah no we're
actually
well now fail mission last I'm actually
gonna get down to juice yes but now
you're gonna get gonna get to know how
bad of an idea that is because it's
literally 19 hours 19 hours drive what a
play yes that's true well we are gonna
stop we're not gonna don't say a thing
is that is I'm not drive it cuz I'm not
sure to drive it
that's right Scottie you would yeah
sky is the driver Scottie yeah so this
is the finished product
Oh Bob it's like a like a lettuce leaf
that's our show with avocado and
cauliflower and tomato is the delish let
me take a bite I'm gonna take a bite you
can tell us
Oh irony do you like 15 of those who can
make a difference but the flavors there
that's good it's nice and spicy too now
this is where it's at look at the look
at the girth on those slabs of beef
naina you got it going on over here
look at that oh my goodness can you
smell that guys in New York strips I
wish you guys could smell this one two
three four five is that the a1 marinade
oh yeah a cow now you any way to go that
white before it's not charcoal but I'll
take it
yeah we'll invite you for your piece
seriously we're gonna how big it all
this is guerrilla this is a cookout this
is a good girl to love you know right
mama
thanks for dinner welcome tell me
Mother's Day :
every Mother's Day amber any mother
taking you hello we won't on ours IV my
thank you brother Jay huh cookies do
oh watch that bag oh geez you just
push my son over Conte all night yeah
everyone too bad honey I'm gonna tuck my
kids in cuz that you won't get to do it
for couple weeks
I just am gonna miss them I am cuz you
guys are like my favorite people on the
planet come on come on Big Boy
yeah I sure do love you
you make sure what while I'm gone that
you do everything that mama says and you
guys are good okay okay you promise you
pinky promise
okay hold you do it okay you gonna make
sure that you're really good for mommy
and you do everything she says and you
pinky promise nice thank you buddy I'll
miss you too bub Father's Day night out
here by the fire the girls out here just
comparing County you can Barry who's is
ready it's about the same yeah so we are
just enjoying the last few moments at
home we are about to embark tomorrow
morning on a most epic journey I'm
pretty pretty stoked about it
James James your thoughts it's gonna be
an awesome epic adventure many memories
gonna be made and many epic videos are
gonna be made that is true how does that
sound
it's true words you're kind of blurry
because of the light but it's cool no
guys so uh so yeah Veronica promises to
vlog while we're away um and I mean
that's that's all we've got for you
today or we need to get our bags ready
the cargo ready the gear the batteries
everything and so that my friends me
this is where we are going to leave you
for today it's kind of dark I know it's
kind of hard to see me but you guys
thank you so much for watching don't go
anywhere we have got some epic
adventures to bring to you so thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see you all right back here
