hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome to
Saturday welcome to mother Jesu kid two
miles and mother's day yes sir I hope
you guys are having a fun weekend so far
we are uh it's kind of like crunch time
around here I have a bunch of stuff to
be like clean out the Jeep I got a prep
Veronica's laptop to make sure she has
everything she needs for editing vlogs
are you excited to be editing vlogs or
nervous I'm gonna make you a video I'm
gonna make Veronica like a training
video write it down okay Oh Liza good to
get you ddd her to get you did she's in
love with this box like you'd never
guess this cardboard box was like the
kids all the kids it's favorite thing to
play with right now lies are you going
by buys you gonna buy buy buy buy look
at my hair what do you think you like my
hair
oh she's so mad
I had to go this morning to get my hair
I just woke up and I was like had to go
take care of some things get my hair cut
so ya got a cut for the tour looking
good you're gonna know what you're gonna
work out gonna work out okay
oh are you going to visor you gonna go
work out to me bye
you silly girl where's are you going hey
I'll get some of this cleaned up we have
guests coming tonight that's right guys
James and Holly come in tonight at like
9:30 in Cincinnati so I have to drive to
Cincinnati to pick them up later but uh
just cleaned up it's one of the most
important things for me to do right now
at this point is to basically check my
gear and I need to inventory everything
I'm taking and always plan for whatever
possible shot I might need to get so I'm
gonna show you exactly what I'm taking
so you can see what all it takes to
produce these videos like I've got some
extra battery juice right this will be
for my phones or my iPad so I can keep
on the undie a social medias on the road
the laptop of course the iPad is my
monitor I've got the GoPro case so for
the GoPros we've got the gimbal
underneath we've got all the accessories
all the mounts and stuff I'm gonna be
taking a clamp mount this like handlebar
mount I've also got this really rad
suction cup mount this is made by a
company called Ram mounts these things
are way better than ones that come with
the bill pros of course we'll be using
the Ronin Ronan's got it so it remote
control all these clamps that attach my
iPad to it the gh4 shotgun my gaffers
tape extra lens charging cords charging
blocks a little head strap mount Cheston
off course the Joby tripod little
screwdriver set in case anything goes
wrong we got our quick-release plate for
the tripods microphone zoom h4n audio
recorder wireless mic pack
battery packs for the Ronin and the
drone and this is a one of my favorite
things put on the camera look you can
tell just by looking through a circular
polarizer these filters are super rad
I'm about ready to pack everything I
need into the bag also take in two
tripods this one is just like a basic
like I'd use for like a lockout shot
maybe standard tripod that's a Manfrotto
290 and then this is a Benro two-stage
stick s7 flute ball head tripod good for
those smooth pan shots I'm about ready
to pack everything I need into the bag
and basically right now it's inventoried
the gear and charge the batteries and I
have to really get moving to go pick up
James and Holly it's a couple hour drive
to Cincinnati and I want to make sure
that I get there a little early I got to
make a pit stop before I pick them up
alright girls I'll be back you have fun
with that amber keep her in line okay
mmm love you I see in a bit we'll be
back with James and Holly Liza oh we're
gonna go get James and Holly Liza are
you sided huh yeah are you sided Scotty
was over yesterday
and I was going through all the gear
setup and stuff and we actually came out
to the Jeep to look inside and see like
exactly how much space we would have to
put all our gear and all our like
luggage for our clothing and everything
we realized real quickly that we
potentially may not have enough space
inside the Jeep for everything we need
to take so he called me today and was
like
okay I I talked Lindsay into letting us
take his Jeep so instead of taking our
Jeep we're gonna take Scott Street his
is a commander so it has that third row
seat and we'll be able to definitely fit
everything and have maybe a little bit
more legroom which would be great
so I'm not a hundred percent certain
that I should film anything here this is
like a top-secret location
confidentiality is important ouch yeah
so if I can't film in here I will but I
made just see you guys in just a quick
second so yeah back in the car and
didn't film anything there what a what a
lovely visit though very very nice
people I may tell you guys tomorrow
where I went but I think for now it's
gotta be secret currently I am a little
bit late picking up James and Holly from
the airport I thought where I was going
was much closer to the airport but turns
out not very close at all is actually it
said 45 minutes to the airport
destinations of James and Holly have
landed I just got off the phone with
them
and be picking him up shortly
yes downtown Cincinnati I love this city
it is so beautiful look at that just
look at it we made it I had no idea
we're literally in Kentucky the
Cincinnati Airport is
not too far in but it's in Kentucky here
okay where do we go
terminal valet parking I don't even know
who where to go
there is right there is James oh yeah oh
there's the dude
welcome to America hahaha so not
Cincinnati what's up brother dude how
are you man me Holly
how was the trip I start at the time I
left the house 22 oh my gosh I don't
even know what Daisy you need some food
for a partridge in a pear tree let's get
you in here mom we had to give the the
old whip some juice how is you guys this
trip be honest it's been long yeah yeah
I missed you guys
we were literally saying just now then
last time we saw you was in an epic
thunderstorm drive through ovx yeah now
yeah and heavens gonna open yeah there's
lightning storms about here there are
storm big ones I looked on the radar and
it's like big giant glob of redness be
my type rolled out from England so I do
apologize the storm is coming and the
storm is legends of Awesome we just had
a nice little bite in the Taco Bell
parking lot a nice well it was it was
okay I know you're not used to this food
and this is some we're gonna have to
work on further for the trip I thought
been here for five minutes straight to
Taco Bell well Jamie at Ames is gluten
free and Holly is vegan and gluten free
just vegan okay we're like a lot of
difficult people so you don't eat meat
it's all money she doesn't mean any
animal product that's what we get is no
I don't um but then I kind of did just
skip on the gluten-free that's not a
relevant oh but then on this like I
cannot be dealing with trying to find
you know how does he yet here's what
hungry you guys should do this for us
make us some suggestions of places that
we could stop while we're on the tour
yeah that would satisfy all of us in the
same restaurant why are we fine
what was it called just like the Mexican
just Tripoli oh cool he's good yeah oh
it's pulleys everywhere
yeah cuz that's on Christ veggies and
stuff it's settled in for me
that was four hours right yeah how many
miles what have we done yeah lives we've
just taken over 24 hours
so I started this stopwatch when I left
the house this morning my house so
technically that's been 24 hours
door-to-door dude that is crazy
James you see your accommodations look
right there boom after your day
approaches like just give me a piece of
that right on the floor guys like well
guys James and Holly's here our mission
is is only beginning and I think that is
a perfect place for us to call it a day
you guys you guys want to help me in the
vlog have a big day tomorrow because it
is Mother's Day you guys have already
had Mother's Day we are going to kind of
leave them to sleep tomorrow morning and
do some of our Mother's Day away from
home so they can catch up
there's ease so that is where we are
going to leave you guys for today I want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see each
and every one of you
where's Branca right back here
