hey guys good absolute morning I hope
you guys stay is going very well we're
starting early today actually I woke up
had some coffee and like Veronica's not
in bed
so let's go see where she's at
I literally worked very very very late
last night on some stuff to get ready to
leave actually Scotty's coming over
today - I got a prep on prep him on how
to set up gear and stuff like that for
the trip so Scotty's gonna spend the day
with me today there's my wife what are
you doing this your new fave
it's my new fave what is it quite
addicted um best fiends best fiends yeah
okay what's the objective on this one
objective Monica's crazy about games
like this so um I'm getting I'm getting
some boosts and stuff here do you have
your goals up here you have to beat the
slugs with your team nice looking slug
little insects so what do you do down
there so you just connect all of your
runs that are touching oh I see that's
easy yeah yeah nice okay I'm actually
super excited because on Mother's Day
they are going to be giving away free
in-app currency I will make sure chase
leaves a link in the description so you
guys can check it out also make sure you
check it out tomorrow on Mother's Day
open it up so you can get your free
in-app currency - dang that's I'm sold I
I'm gonna go down with the game myself
now you listen you don't worry just sit
there play your game level up your
creatures I'll take care of food and
everything it's your weekend it's
Mother's Day so you just enjoy yourself
daddy's got the rest okay
that's right guys this weekend is
Mother's Day so you want to make very
sure that you're taking extra special
care of all those mothers out there this
weekend I'll just say in advance to all
you mothers out there
happy Mother's Day in case I forget
tomorrow but like I said I'm gonna make
some food and we're gonna get showers
and stuff and start with our day
so Scotty's here and we're going over
like how to assemble them disassemble
the Ronin the cameras and all the
tripods and everything there's a lot of
stuff to keep track of Scotty I don't
know what I got to do yeah so basically
Scotty's role is going to be a driver
right and he wants to know how to set up
and tear down all the gear to help in
that process and then while we're
filming and we're doing all kinds of
stuff Scotty's gonna be flying around
with cameras behind us capturing like
behind-the-scenes type stuff so Scott
he's got a fair amount of stuff on his
list of things to do are you ready all
right you know where we're going first
I think the weather's gonna flop on us
so we're gonna have to go to drumroll
the first stop for Loa is going to be
Key West at this point right now Jake
your fellow down there who is incredible
juggler and it's gonna be an insane
video the journey down is like 19 hours
so our first couple days they're gonna
be in the car literally what's uh yeah
we're getting ready for our cool fun
little livestream and I'm gonna finish
up showing Scottie how to do all this
stuff all right dude see you soon later
look from his back she had to go to the
horse barn
I missed you while you were going matter
of fact I was so busy I it felt like you
were going back like that we're about to
go upstairs to do the live stream it's a
special live stream today I hope you
guys join us and by now you've already
seen it or been there and I want to say
thank you first of all so so uh yeah
let's do this just had to put baby lies
it down for a little nappy we are all
upstairs doing this super special
livestream and again I just want to say
thank you guys so much for all your
support
it was an amazing livestream and if you
missed it you missed a heck of a good
time because we have had it's been one
of the best live streams ever I just
have to say that so I got to get ready
for cooking dinner which includes going
out to my very special barbecue I'm
filling it with charcoal are you frozen
Cameron you know you got to put more
than that right
wasn't 20 more like 10 maybe hey it was
a small amount I'm gonna teach you how
to you got to pour in we're in a nice
nice big pile yeah that's right mm-hmm
yes sir that was good you want to let
them burn until they start turning white
okay
once those dark will start turning white
that's when you know you're ready to
spread them out let things simmer down a
little bit totally did that oh that was
for you my friends that was compliments
of our dear friends in the livestream
amber will help you get cleaned up you
still have yours amber those for you my
friends oh wait look you have you have a
in between
it'll be mad yeah get this we are going
hard and live stream and it was epic
right you guys totally killed it so much
love and a huge thanks you guys for that
we still have a little bit of something
clear up you know like debt to be repaid
in the form of eggs and this goes right
here come out after a live Sam and find
out these girls have plans to go out
together and I couldn't let him leave
without this was uh cash in prison
talking right now yeah I feel like a I
feel like this is good clean family fun
right guys yeah you're cleaning this up
that was good right we had to do that it
was only fair I only got whip nose
shaving cream
I got shaving cream but we didn't get
that in the vlog it was on the live
stream yeah so you'll have to go and
watch that it's in the vo DS but uh yeah
this was uh this was our fun fun day we
got one more fun day
tomorrow's another day she's like I want
any people veronika is leaving us for
what might be the rest of the vlogs
you're gonna go well I want you to go
and have fun because I'm gonna be gone
for a little while and if you have the
opportunity I'm here to babysit all the
chillings nothing you should have you
know a little fun even though I'm going
out with egg in my head that is actually
pretty funny
you just got strong-armed into going up
that's hilarious
love you I'll see you look you go check
this out I'm working on some artwork
making kind of a cool graphic for each
of the people who are gonna be part of
the tour so this would be Ryan's graphic
that I'm gonna post on Facebook and kind
of show like share a link to his page
whether it's Facebook or Instagram I'm
not sure if he's got a full Facebook
page but I kind of wanted to do like
feature images for each of these guys so
that you can go check out their stuff
and kind of see them before we actually
show up and start filming with them to
see this that I'm working on come to
life it's I need to put of course his
last name there but I'm just proud and
honored to be doing this and I want to
thank you guys for that so yeah guys
that's where we're gonna leave before
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here
