our country yes a pan that's what I like
to hear
all right like the way he treats that
barbecue okay we are about to take an
epic adventure with my man country and
and Roman what I want to cook is today's
deal what happens when you fly with the
drone what can you expect I've heard a
lot of things I've done a lot of reading
but they still no real clear like how do
I prepare and fly with migrants of today
I'm going to show you what you can
expect when you try to go through
security with your drone the drone
battery and get onto worse issues now
it's been recommended to me that when
you take your batteries you want to put
them in a bin of their own so they're
being fully transparent PSA and
everybody that you have these batteries
yeah and you just kind of be transparent
with it like that we're through no
hiccups at all country ever seems to
have been hung up okay so we thought to
have a quick bite country made it
through security early with an i it's
got well yeah they took me but on the
note of the battery so basically one of
the things i would warn you or caution
you to do is call the airline they
actually climb with I did that with
American they told me specifically you
can take up to two batteries equally up
to 160 watt hours of power so keep that
in mind when you're flying
hopefully that some helpful information
and just selected
look at this we could just rip together
how she's literally wasting our time
buying some snacks right we've literally
almost missed the lane the guide opened
the door for us so lucky
all XS have evacuation wise to use an
emergency when directed to exit to posit
employment of the weight of the airplane
and water evacuation
we're here
we can be good la we made it such a
great city I love this place funny story
and to begin our flight we realized that
like Romans not sitting puffing and we
also realized we could like convince the
what are you calling the air stewardess
what about their flight attendant to
give Roman a note for us so far this
watch
hey would you do us a favor and take
this to the guy we're in the backward
mile more hat
around
oh yeah all right so here we are dude
what you're happy oh oh this this old
thing do you remember if you remember
our twitter conversation
oh I've I have to give you know you oh
you were supposed to mail it well the
thing was I I was going to mail it
but then I got lazy oh my gosh the ocean
is right there yeah the ocean over there
bro haha Israel I'm home oh I've missed
you so much
okay how much I've missed hug oh good to
see you am I in Hawaii Han so soon
we oh my god okay so bored we got a
little annoyed
well we got Alice and country and Roman
a
excited to the place Romans been hyping
up I can't expect the to get anything
out of the drinks they said the rooms we
have to have you have to know what I'll
do this for people and I actually don't
think I ever have but if you trust me
out with this order for you tonight
Jenna
Oh chefs joy how could we do it I'm in
yeah
then
Oh
and
and
that would
just like that we have had some bro time
some hangout time the food was
absolutely delicious and we found
ourself here our lovely hotel rooms for
the night
and I've got to admit guys I am quite
tired nothing got ourselves some
refreshment for the morning love these
drinks right here well Roman actually
turned me on to these these are so good
they're filled with little bits of aloe
so I've been brought here to work on a
very special project which I'm truly
honored to be a part of so tomorrow we
wake up super early and we get to work
on something that I'm really really
excited to do so guys if you like this
video please hit that thumbs up button
subscribe you're not already with
notifications on that's all I've got for
you today thank you so much for watching
I can't wait to see you on the next
may I
Oh
