Hey hey guys guess what first of all hey
hi no one but take a look at this oh so
awesome just came and I'm pretty excited
check it out these as the time you see
this video I believe should be up on the
site if they're not they will be up
shortly but you guys this is this is
legit nice right here legends of awesome
t-shirts are here I just got a box of
them for us to wear while we're out on
tour so we're gonna have all the same
colors that are already on the side got
black red blue and grey yes lessons
losses others come in sin of omission
blood was on my back Jovan I beg you
guys can show your support for the
legends of awesome
for everything included by purchasing
all the proceeds from the legends of
awesome t-shirts go to funding the
travel expenses hotel and anything we
need on the road for creating these
videos so I'll leave the link down below
so you guys can check it out very very
exciting be nizzle and amber making
these delish class of Dilla's right as I
say it uh-huh Sadie save for me
quesadilla cluster Dylan who also bill
up I can't wait that's gonna be super
super good baby Liza is throwing stuff
away lines huh don't throw stuff away
I'm actually really concerned because
she does that a lot
how many and what has she thrown away in
the trash that we don't know about she
goes out all the time
yeah that's right we did find a game in
there
you know this that she's we need to get
one of those trash cans that like open
up like there's two doors and they open
up like this
so that she can't open it look they
built a little cardboard box for it in
here look at this are you doing homework
in there yeah that's funny well as long
as you're getting it done get it done
get it done
there's Madison hey what are you doing
Madison
what are you doing Madison oh I'm sorry
Liza I didn't hurt her it's okay it's
okay
she doesn't like confrontation
I wanted Pepsi so bad and now nolde
amber spot to steal it ha ha ha I went
to the store and I picked up this bottle
Tulear and it's like open already like
it was in someone else's fridge or
something she knows right now no I was
just creating dramatic effect you know I
know seriously I wanted I'm I don't know
I have like a craving for Pepsi for some
reason right now so I'm some Pepsi
what you got Liza you need Albury yeah
that's you right there
say hi hi Liza hmm I wish I had some
look at my play it's fine oh I'm fine
can I eat yours I might head turns on
did I bit it okay so I literally had to
go upstairs and take care of some work
for a little while
the Chad showed up and Sonny my cousin
Sonny you guys know cousin Sonny is
expecting a baby like how many months
are you a month out she's due July 7th
yeah so 31 weeks you got another baby
coming
oh this is exciting news are we gonna
have for you do you have a name yet
Jackson Oh Xon that's cool here wait
when is it when is it
oh you're right I'm not gonna be here
I'm sorry I'll make it up to you I
promise
I will I promise I'll make it up to you
Chad
don't hate me I do oh I'm just done oh
are you going my mind
lyza rigor nun night
are you ready gonna night look at her
foot why is that I'm gonna night Liza
let's go night-night come on let's go
tonight
she doesn't weigh more dramatic no no no
he's got the camera off me right come on
go ahead and do it now
let's go no Night Live yeah you ready
gonna night yeah oh geez learn
everything is know the worst word that
she can learn first well she knows more
words but you ask her any question no no
aah
Liza Richie gal she camera shy Liza Liza
yeah hey peekaboo peekaboo peekaboo she
says that to me she says sweet man it's
a boy first yeah and then yeah
wait so you're gonna try again already
you have no I had this virtualize oh
yeah okay we're gonna wait a year oh
wait a year and then have another okay
okay are you ready for that yep
I never saw you okay you're not old
sit all right sit there's an ancient
between that yeah Zack good step step Oh
eyes are we gonna night yeah
no but it's not nighttime she's like I
just told you all right come on boys
it's bedtime for these kids tell Todd I
love Toy Boys Don't Tell sadden honey I
just got off a Skype call with Elliott
the guy who does the web dev for for uh
cam 15 and pursuing legends of awesome
and we were just talking about future
stuff and I just can't even believe it
you guys like legends of awesome is
Monday we start Monday and it's it's
kind of a serendipitous moment where
something that I came up with is about
to happen and I hope you guys are stoked
because I am super stoked I actually had
to go through and call a bunch of the
guys today to entertain the possibility
of having to flip the route because of
the weather like the weather outlook for
Monday doesn't look so good it's
questionable for Indiana so it's
possible we may have to flip the route
and if you guys keep an eye on the
Facebook page I'm definitely going to
post exactly who we're filming so over
the weekend keep an eye on that today
you guys should definitely come join us
probably already live-streaming by now
but it starts at 2:00 o'clock it's
probably gonna run till maybe four or
five ish but you should definitely join
us we're going to be doing some
giveaways for ledges of awesome t-shirts
it's going to be super super fun
currently is 11:40 Veronica left her
phone there on the couch and I have a
sneaky suspicion that she is up
is asleep
I want to make sure to focus and pay a
lot of attention to the family this
weekend because you know it's tough
going away but sometimes you have to do
what you have to do so guys that's what
we're going to leave you for today I
want to say thank you so much for
watching sorry today's vlogs a little
short but I'm sure you understand we got
a lot to do join us for the live stream
link is in the description and I can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here tomorrow
