what's up guys I am clearly entertaining
baby Liza it's a fun day for us are you
having fun are you having fun like I go
to kitchen critic is it here I come I'm
gonna get you I got you
so it's Wednesday you know that means
Veronica oh you're wearing daddy out
Veronica is at the horse barn she takes
care of the horses on Mondays Wednesdays
and Fridays I think so like yeah that's
like she's kind of elected to take I
guess you would call it a job look at me
I'd go to job II so it's uh it's just me
the lives if not the boys would be home
in about an hour but I wanted to say you
guys Mother's Day is coming up quick so
you should like already by now kind of
had a good idea what you want to do for
your mom or your wife trying to make you
know the house nice and clean for her
but Eliza's making me play by her to get
you I will say you guys one of the most
tedious and loathsome house chores is
laundry so if you really want to make
old mom super happy this we could do
some laundry
she digging some logic yeah she I had my
phone in my pocket listening to music
and she just snatched it up and stole it
and I come out here and she's dancing to
some logic the lies are you awesome
awesome look at those teeth
okay so it's Carson and it's calling up
and it's Cameron all of a sudden at once
all the boys return home from school so
I've gotten some things cleaned up
around here and it's just about time for
the live stream
however Veronica's still gonna be gone
for a couple hours and I'm gonna need
some backup hello
hey hey amber yeah would you mind coming
down to help me keep an eye on all the
kids while I do the live stream you're
washing your hair is this thing on what
do you mean you're okay okay that's I
saw I thought you said you were washing
your hair but you'll be in five doing
okay you'll be in five minutes thank you
all right awesome Wow this phone gets
really good reception hey Dad why say
you're in good hands
amber thank you I won't be long I
promise
then before I be like they're probably
like an hour and a half maybe out of two
hours three maybe four I don't know oh
I'm just kidding blast through time -
Eliza's favorite part of the day which
is going through all the groceries mommy
brought home my goodness
what is all that Liza
this is totally was his favorite part
she gets to come in here and like go
through all these bag which what's your
favorite Liza what do you want to get
you always love picking something out
what are you doing are you taking all
these out you don't want them in the box
anymore huh you just want them all out
yeah she already brought me this she
gets these little baby yogurts hmm you
are so cute what we're gonna do now
they're stuck huh they're stuck stuck
yeah she totally just said that Liza you
rape her bath it's time for a bath baby
look at her just playing with her
brother I often wondered like what it
would be like for like how would both
the boys sit along with the girl and I
have to say it's actually better than I
imagined say that play with her a lot I
was worried that they wouldn't want to
play with her because she's a girl but
that's not the case Liza last time we
have a very upset little Joe
we didn't tell him today but lies I had
a very early doctor's appointment four
shots she got four shots on her legs
where did she get today was vaccine day
him Hep A in power when I give her a
bath I gave her a bath and when I give
her a bath I'll pour the water like a
cup of water on her head to wash her
hair off and trying to shield her from
her face as much possible but sometimes
the water gets into her face and she
does not like it like she flips out she
does the whole you give daddy kiss your
dinky I love you Liza nicely tight look
at her oh I absolutely hate those types
of doctor visits and for that reason
like I don't go right
it breaks my heart it absolutely breaks
my heart because those doctors don't
give a rip they just pop the top off
their needle and just stick it right in
they don't care so I don't go to those
anymore
that's all you I'm getting your shots
tomorrow no yeah we got shots tomorrow
yeah I swear I'm gonna give you shots
like this picture
good night to everyone Bubba Carson on
your finger like the little ones mm-hmm
those are like my blood tests what do
you call those hemoglobin that's right
know when she's doing one night car see
watch this watch watch one two three
I've been wanting to do with this here
early in the Mon have a good day son
love you see after school oh my god he
is so grumpy this morning I can't take
it if Veronica and amber already left
they went to go to Brittany's this
morning to work out which is cool I'm
really proud of them for sure yeah I'm
really proud of them for you know
keeping up with the the new lifestyle
change like trying to eat healthy and
work out and exercise and all that stuff
so I'm home this morning with this
little baby hi sweetheart
good morning good morning but again Oh
say good morning where are you going
come here Liza she stole my phone so
before we go for today I wanted to make
sure that you guys are all aware that
Friday I thought no no no I think we're
gonna started that like 1 o'clock 2
o'clock I'll let you guys know on
Twitter so follow me on Twitter if you
don't already and keep an eye on my
updates but Friday we're doing a
very special live stream on Twitch as
you guys know I do live streaming on
Twitch every Wednesday Friday and Sunday
but this Friday is gonna be a little bit
different because of the situation that
happened this week really kind of put a
really heavy load on the financial
burden for traveling for legends of
Awesome and so for that reason we are
doing a special fundraising stream on
Friday for all you guys who are diehard
gladiators and huge supporters their
channel firstly I would love to say
thank you so much for all your support
and everything you do already if you
want to help be a bigger part of Legends
of Awesome definitely join us for the
live stream on Friday starting at we'll
just call it 2 p.m. Eastern Time
that's about all I've got for you guys
today I need to get this little nugget
fed and start working on this video and
some other stuff too so thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
