hey guys welcome to the garage sets here
we have a little bit of a fix to address
I don't know if any of you guys maybe
you've watched channel for a while you
know that this part of my garage door
has been broken for some time and the
old owner of the house put like this
brace on here it is all the screws and
everything could come out of it and this
has really started to sag and break more
so the past few nights have had to like
assist the door down because the motor
would just stop and it would start
retracting again but now even even
assisting it it wouldn't move so I
pulled the emergency I guess what manual
lever rip so it disengages from the
chain even now Seth try and move the
door try and pull the door up it's like
stuck it's like locked yeah so so I was
like Seth I don't know the first thing
about garage doors my ex landlord
actually was like you got to be really
careful because up there I'm not you
guys can see it up along the top there
is like a spring-loaded mechanism that
if you're not careful like perk you so
we're gonna try and figure this out and
maybe this could help you if you haven't
dropped your problem these two doors
were damaged before we ever moved in
here and I feel like the SAG has you can
see it on this section now too
so I believe that sag and these panels
is putting a lot of strain on that
opener we're gonna need a new garage
door guys a little bit of a quick fix
with some angle iron here I think
that'll do the trick
yeah yeah
yeah ooh that could have been bad just
rip it well I'm gonna just put a hole
through the other side yeah it's pretty
thick there's a long screw just right in
there you screw like pro dude oh I take
that back
you're not as good anymore right yeah
don't go boss do a lot of people a lot
of people think that you just gotta go
full-bore you just nicely screwing nice
and easy right man easy feel it gotta
get it be one with it
listen you hit the bottom listen to your
target ah yes yes that felt good
actually and I'm not the one screwing
yeah it's time to hit the button yeah I
didn't stop it no I hit it once
that's not good so we're gonna take this
casing off and get inside what's
actually happening up here
this thing's making an uncomfortable
noise it's not good for my liking look
at all that stuff in there these birds
dude verge of knocking his friends here
you have it
you guys look that's in the inside of
your garage door opener
look at that hefty motor mud I know dude
that's a whole lot of complicated mess I
really know nothing about we're on top
of the motor here right and this is the
main gear right there I put the one see
if I can get it here there's a black see
that black plastic one it's like it's
sheared I'm I'm pretty smart guy I think
I know what this means you're going to
end up paying more money per year
I hit it let's see this
someone send me a tissue cuz we've got a
big issue watch me get tissues now in
the mail everyone say bye to Seth but
not for long we'll see you later at the
cookout hey you got some smudges on
there I don't think so no you sure
thanks to you I'll see in a bit there's
my little princess
I had to go upstairs and wake her up
we are Scott and Lindsay are in their
new place now clearly and we're gonna
have kind of like a housewarming party
Seth is gonna come his wife Kristin
didn't want to come
Kristin you suck my parents are supposed
to come and fortunately somehow amber
decided to keep the kids for us so it's
gotten Lindsay's kids are staying the
night away our kids are gonna be
contained by Amber and we're gonna have
kind of an adult free night tonight
which is very rare but always
appreciated so we're gonna try and have
a little bit but is that okay with you
spend as much time this little bug as
possible all my little bugs I always
missed these guys when I go away honey
are you ready yeah I'm ready everyone
tell my mom they got that she's gotta go
tell her she's gotta go she's not she
trying to not go come on mommy
you know that's a likely excuse like
leaks I'm using so I forgot I totally
forgot to film down there not really
well why's it doing what me put her down
so I have to put her down and I put her
little chair on the bed you ran away and
did you run away well amber was fixing
her a waffle so she was content with
that and I left just broke her well she
was content she's happy
I would never have done that to my
little princess as you're sitting here
and I had to take her that was by design
just saying
so whereas Scotty has given Seth the
house tour and I'm gonna let you Scott
I'm gonna let you tell them what you
told me what did you tell me when I
shared up about the kids yeah
oh they're scared to death they actually
left the house and don't want even come
back they're staying with my sister from
now so his kids watch the vlogs of
course and they saw yesterday's video
where we went up in the attic which I
have to confess that was absolutely not
real at all and how I did it was ahead
to motion track that particular shot and
I created like this little glowing orb
and and I found an image that I had to
use made it you know I had to tweak it a
little bit to make it kind of look right
but it was only on screen for a second
so basically his kids saw that video
they never saw what I screamed about so
now they think there's a monster in his
closet so he doesn't want to sleep in
there anymore Oh celebrate our night
with our kids you look like Scotty got
Scotty go I wasn't going a big old fat
model of double chocolate vodka doesn't
never had this before
problem solved I figured instead of
trying to find a mixer I was like think
about this Gil chocolate needs something
to go with it and so we take shots with
whipped cream on top of the chocolate
right that's gonna work yeah we're gonna
try it right now and we take
and put a little whipped cream right
here I would probably catch some of that
first actually not bad this is what's
happening tonight
I'm so hungry man
Oh fun like those are barn night
bubbling oh my god
the fun lengths dogs ha ha honey look at
you you're in my favorite spot I was
sitting there yesterday at this time
exactly I know you guys just having a
powwow yeah
we're literally we are literally outside
grilling food doing dub smashes is that
weird all right this is what I was
waiting for dude I am seriously starving
starving I'm gonna eat two hamburgers
cheeseburgers hot dog shells and cheese
some Buffalo dip oh great my microwave
this is my acting debut DSE vs. god no
dude that's what Scott I ever heard
since ma'am is that is Bonnie Cowell
easy
he's easy easy easy
shh-shh
like how does this happen 1:24 I feel
like she was just like Nana Kwok or back
home and you know that's right guys it's
a morning it's a morning wake up you
know this is the part of Sunday mornings
where I think my wife will really really
really hates me because it's currently
seven minutes till 10:00 a.m. and if you
don't know I do live streams Sunday
mornings as opposed to in the evenings
and she's still sleeping so I have to go
wake her
good morning : you stay at Nana's oh I
thought you're at Amber's and you were
like I'm getting up and coming home
because that's where I want to be
two hours later just finished the
livestream Branca
we woke her up kicked her out I know you
thinking kind of mean right but it's 10
o'clock time to get up anyways we're
gonna enjoy the last of our weekend the
final week before Legends of Awesome
starts tomorrow I have a couple of
actual like job things that I have to do
this week before we leave so I got a
really kind of strategically plan on my
week tomorrow my first order of business
is to go and nail down this RV because I
want the RV to happen so bad
so with that guys that's where we're
gonna leave you for today I'm gonna
stick you right back here go boy
I don't have any worry about it oh okay
that works I want to say thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
