oh hey guys how's everyone doing I am on
my way to the barn there is a relic
wondering like when's Veronica gonna
ride I've seen you guys comment about
that and stuff
I'm getting there gotta get in this
routine and get used to doing the work
he needs a lot of groundwork and kind of
like a rehabilitation for him since he
hasn't been ridden or worked with in so
long so we're gonna start a ninja in
some rehab and get him back in shape get
his muscle tone built back up me and my
mom are kind of splitting the
responsibilities of cleaning the stalls
now so that'll make it a little easier
and give me a little more time that I
will be able to spend with him so yeah
let's go see ninja and get these dolls
clean so we can get about our day
there you go guys
you gotta clean stalls I'm hot sweaty in
this camera is stuck oh there we go
but it's a good workout I enjoy doing it
and now we're gonna say hi to someone
special
oh thank no saint likes to be pushy of
menja yeah thank thank you jerk and he
pushes him away Saints a big jerk horse
my ninja hey buddy I'm gonna come back
over and work with them more maybe
Saturday or Sunday depending what a step
just finished the live stream and Scotty
was texting me
he must have hanging out it's Friday
Broncos away with kids I think we should
go chill that's Veronica I went to
dinner without me
I just up the old Wendy's I was gonna
eat right
hmm so guys it's like really really
really really chilly out this evening
the Sun went away and so did the warmth
but lucky for us Scotty has a fireplace
can we fire that thing up it's gone dude
ah look I showed up at Scotty's and he's
got dinner made and everything I should
have foregone Wendy's dude and just ate
with you there's a pork chops
I don't like pork I really don't I leave
my place is in here Lindsey look
Lindsey's got good news guys look at her
smile my eyebrows that's awesome yeah so
basically Lindsey is regaining parted on
her controlling her face I'm so happy
she's gonna be the doctor said what he's
hoping within 10 days 10 days fully
restored that deserves a thumbs up for
today's video if anything Lindsey's
about to get her face back I really am
and that's fire someday I will have a
fireplace in my house I probably
shouldn't build that one myself do you
guys remember blue when he was a puppy
come here blue look at him look at this
dog he is literally a monster blue
you're so big sit we shared blue in the
vlog when he was just a tiny little
puppy he was like jumping up to lick on
Eliza the only 10 months old yeah he's
so huge - oh my gosh
there's something funny about making a
dog chasing laser pointer there's just
something about it he's kind of slow
actually yeah not as agile you know like
echoes like a deer man she could like
she's quick yeah just what you're good
smell whoa Scott where are we going the
big scary attic that we that we saw that
one time the big scary Attic upstairs
we're about to go up there this is a
vlog exclusive the attic first peek by
Scott and me
all right Scott practise seal shielding
stop playing stop is there oh my god I
don't even know I'm gonna be so dirty
the floor shut up here here let me get
my phone my phone light happening oh my
gosh it's pretty dislike
oh my gosh that's for children what is
that in the Attic children in the AK
tinker toys they want those are old
school toys bro look at dad hold on wait
what is that record no what is that like
do you see it dude tell me you see that
do you see that or is be quiet there's
something up there
don't boys don't
you see that this oh my god the thermos
in the lunch box I think we just hit a
Jap look these are all Tonga I don't see
any jacks or possibility no dude
seriously like I don't know about you
guys but John Deere tractor there's some
old stuff in here I don't I don't know
yeah he found some old old like toys
keep your toys man I don't know
so Scotty Scotty did find this old Tonka
Jeep up there right and I only knew if
Tonka's like was like the tobacco and
the the front-end loader like Tonka
trucks scoops on me move dirt and stuff
but never I seen one of these so I look
on the interweb and it shows this one
hold on right here grab your screen shot
that's the exact same thing except it's
missing that piece in the back it might
be up in the box
well it says that originally it came ok
the windshield frame changed to white
1965 and this one is totally white 1965
that toy is
who is it pretty blue good dog it's like
a portrait
someone needs to illustrate this
screenshot right now you sit so
eloquently blue sub moment come on oh
okay
guys we were looking through some stuff
and realized it's currently 1118 p.m.
it's time for me to go dude all right
Oh dares echo did you miss daddy
Oh give me kiss give me kiss oh oh oh
she loves she loves it when we come home
you know you don't like being by
yourself - yo you got class - here I go
it's hide you got go inside all right
let's go let's go come on no I fell
asleep in the chair
frankerz come home late and then just
late I am still have asleep right at
this moment I'm gonna rock this baby to
sleep and that my friends is where we
will believe you for today thank you so
much for watching
and I can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
