hey guys welcome to my day
very excited current camera is the new
one this is what I've been dealing with
for the past two days watch oh it's
actually on yeah so this thing is like
really not good I'm gonna take this back
to Best Buy and hopefully they'll accept
the repair and send it away I'm actually
going to take this brand-new g7x
and return it that's right I'm returning
the g7x because I feel after using this
for only one day I feel that the Sony
rx100 Mark 3 is the superior camera so
once this one comes back I'll reassume
this camera and then Veronica can have
this one sorry honey hey what are you
singing happy happy she won't listen
happy birthday
bunny I'm going to town I'll be back
okay love you
so nice to have a camera that actually
opens and doesn't malfunction I'm on my
way to take this thing back to Best Buy
but I wanted to talk to you guys I
wanted to talk to you guys real quick
about something that's
mine the amount of stress that I've
experienced the past couple of days has
been almost unbearable nothing I nothing
too bad that I can't handle anything but
like think about this for a second where
we are on the edge like we're a week
away from departing to start filming for
legends of awesome this thing that that
I created in my mind and I'm taking the
steps to produce these videos that I
hope you guys the internet my core group
of followers at very least will enjoy I
spent the past couple of days fully
logging in each of the people that were
going to be filming with to an Indiana
one in Memphis one in Atlanta Georgia
and like it's it's all come down to
travel like how do we get there
and I've been really trying to find an
RV and Matt like a lot of resistance the
RVs are like it was like 1,200 bucks for
nine days and I didn't even know if I
can pull it off in nine days so I'm
really I'm really trying to like weigh
the differences between traveling in a
van and getting hotel rooms or going in
a heartbeat
it's kinda scary being solely
responsible and putting quite frankly a
fair amount of money
which I don't make a lot of to be honest
putting up a fair amount of money that I
could use to go on vacation to pursue my
dream and my passion of starting up this
channel and I and I just hope that it
builds traction and you guys enjoy the
content I will say this the video that I
made with Kevin which was like a proof
of concept if you haven't seen a whole
inking above here but that video was
shot with just me I think if I have the
crew which James is on his way so if
I've got the crew to make these videos
even better I think it's gonna be so
good
but what I need from you guys is the
most amount of support you've ever given
anybody that's all I ask is please
follow the page if you haven't
subscribed to legends of Awesome go do
it now and and just support this journey
because the message is gonna be so
powerful and something that you guys
should be proud to stand behind because
I'm proud to create I thought - I would
tell you guys exactly why I'm taking the
g-eight g7x back before I actually do
and kind of clarify that so maybe it's
useful information for you guys if
you're in the market for camera
so basically number one the g7x
autofocus is so ridiculously slow number
two the battery life is very very short
usually with this camera I can go like a
day and a half
solid vlogging and still have good
battery that guy was running out on
three quarters of our day number three
color reproduction the color on the Sony
is way better looking than the colors
from the canon g7x i mean that's pretty
much why I didn't like it it is quite a
bit cheaper but I would rather have the
quality from this camera as opposed to
the g7 s
I'm gonna stop by now one of the local
RV dealers to see what it would cost to
rent one and if they'd be interested in
a sponsorship opportunity it's kind of
nerve-wracking because like you don't
know if they're gonna say if they're
just gonna laugh at the idea or not but
the thing is like you never know unless
you go ahead and talk to them so that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
wouldn't it be so rad you guys if we had
one of these look at that that would be
so sick wish me luck
so I go inside and I talk to a couple
guys salesman and didn't get anywhere
really today but I did get a weed for
the person that I need to talk to in
that company they don't do rental spot
they did say talk to this person and so
I guess I gotta wait one more days to
call the morning but I am out here but a
nice little spot on the old buck I laid
right up ahead
Papa boots so check it out I'm in the
place that I once knew small and this
guy right here he was talking to this
guy right here we're solid advice
about the advantages of taking risks
and those words Michael it's so true it
may have helped me just this moment
Michael say hi hey
look at that sunset man I just want to
say I feel really good having come here
and it's it's kind of weird like coming
back here and seeing where you've come
from gives you a better appreciation for
where you're going yeah and I don't know
I I didn't film all of my visit here but
I got to see a lot of people I used to
work with and I just feel good yeah it's
a good day good day I just got home to
this lovely bunch you guys enjoying
dinner Liza you was gonna be before I
left on my trip
these guys are not happy that's the hard
part
oh you let me tell you Carson being a
kid is the best part of your life one of
the best parts yeah don't ever in the
words of Adam Sandler stay as long as
you can you don't want to stop being a
kid for real enjoy it while you can
because your childhood years will be the
best of your life I promise some of the
best year life yeah wait till you get
older Colin and you have to listen I
know but listen wait till you get older
and then you have to have a job right
and then you have to do your job well
yes you will yeah oh yes you will son
said I'll just live stream and vlog
that's awesome
you could totally do it tell him guys
need to totally do it
I wanna work on me do you live right now
yeah
are you listening to music Eliza I play
a song earlier I had a song in my head
and it was it was killing me Sunday
morning by maroon 5 a great song and I
pulled it up on my phone and ever since
allies has been oh it's dead it's dead
Liza we're gonna charge it so full
supply of them all
you gonna Night Live's uh tonight baby
she was waving I couldn't catch it guys
you one day take you tonight come here
baby
no she's beyond tired
amber is fired yes amber showed up to
see us how's our hello everyone how are
our colon cleanse is gone this is what
day how you feel I have more energy
yes a little bit
you cheated but I've been good all day
cuz we choose a little bit - yeah well I
have been good yeah you're just gonna
keep up on the water and but I do feel
like I'm I'm getting more energy back
that first day I'm lighter too don't you
yeah the first day your body is
definitely like in down detox mode like
I'm ready to be done with this detox
though and start like diet and healthy
eating and such and exercising give me
some muscles yeah I'm gonna get muscle
you know muscles something you don't
have sure see your muscle you know what
I have quite a bit of plant oh oh I'm
quite a bit of planning and
correspondence to do tonight to be ready
for tomorrow see I didn't get anywhere
at the RV place but it did get solid
leads and I have a call to make tomorrow
and a possible meeting at another place
so we should do the end of the vlog
together as a whole family okay let's do
let's do this dude
and this is horrible leave you guys for
tonight thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see all of you
right back here
