hey guys gilroys coming at you today
with some serious I'm on a mission
earlier today I put on my snapchat that
I was trying to reach out for people for
legends of awesome and I can't even tell
you how incredibly powerful that turned
out we got the kids attention
his name's Matthews pool trickshot er I
think I've mentioned it before but he's
already messaged me back and he's in so
that's a really really incredible and I
just want to say real quick don't ever
be afraid to follow your dreams or your
vision or something that you came up
with and you feel passionate about
because you are the only one that can
make it happen and today I'm feeling
like very very empowered because we've
made a lot of progress on the kick off
of Legends of Awesome I've talked to
James James is coming by the 7th or 8th
of May so legends of awesome is
happening it's a hundred percent real a
lot of you doubted that this was gonna
go down but that's the that's the fun
part is that I get to prove I get to
prove some people wrong but for those of
you that have supported me from the
number one from the very beginning like
Scotty I want to say thank you to start
off today's vlog I want to say thank you
I'm excited so I came over here to Scott
to enlist in him to come with us for the
eastern tour of legends Boston so it's
got our unit I'm in found it listen look
at the weather out here it's just
stopped raining actually but it's been
on and off thunderstorms all day awesome
thunderstorms - like huge lightning
bolts loud thunder epic storms and that
I love storms so it's kind of an
inside-outside day today but we need to
recap there's some things that happen
yesterday that you guys need to know
about I'll explain more about what
Veronica and amber are doing when I get
home but the girls have started their
diet starts tomorrow actually started
yesterday and
you may have saw my snapchat was
hilarious we'll talk more about that
when I get home
today's vlog is gonna be more like a
update vlog I guess so basically I got
ahold of James and James is booking his
flights James and Holly to come and
we're gonna hit the road for the eastern
tour for legends of Awesome the kickoff
tour and I couldn't be I couldn't be
more excited I know right I really look
excited there's one hurdle to overcome
and that is do we rent a van that holds
all of us in our gear and stay in hotels
for the trip which could be quite
expensive or do we get an RV that could
hold all of us and our gear and then we
have a place to sleep on the road it's
just a I don't know which one would be
better so if any of you out there and
the interwebs know where we can get an
RV of course I'll do my due diligence
and find RV rentals local here but
perhaps there's someone who works in an
RV company watching and wants to do a
sponsorship we'd be fully willing to
have that happen other than that we've
got four confirmed people ready to go
for legends of Awesome very excited
tomorrow morning I go on the radio show
with Loper and Randy you guys remember
them and try and drum up some local
talent because I know there's sounds of
people here in Columbus and I want to
give my hometown a chance to I think
that's only appropriate so that's where
I'm at with that I'm gonna take a little
break here and enjoy this rain storm all
right Scotty I gotta get out of here
all right I'm so pumped I came to see
you Scotty's in hello away all the way
I'm so pumped I can't even contain
myself I need to get back home so you
guys can see what Veronica was up to you
today I want to let her explain it
because it's just it's funny what all
right see you guys
adios heading home to catch dinner and
now's a good time to mention I know my
notification squads in here thank you
guys I love my notification
the livestream starts at 5:00 p.m.
Eastern to make sure you join us tonight
let's talk about Loa and possible
candidates for the future any ideas you
have for travel the renting of an RV or
anything like that I personally never
driven an RV before Scotty's gonna be
driving the RV so I hope you can handle
it but yeah tune in to the live stream
let's talk and hang out pushed on TV
Ford / Gilroy gaming 5:00 p.m. Eastern
do not miss it there she is hi Princess
Kate you so cam check them out wise
let's see what's going on in there so
we're doing a colon cleanse and we took
these last night and then you wake up
and you have to drink this cocktail is
what they call it it's just like a bunch
of water in lemon juice and apple cider
vinegar and oh it was it's horrible why
don't you tell them how many times you
poo today I only threw three times
remember speed five but that's part of
the colon cleanse you gotta flush your
intestines out and all the toxic toxins
that's been building up in everything
and we've been eating through all day
our energy level is way low because our
body is like all obviously like detoxing
so
fighting so they're doing they're doing
a dot they're making positive changes in
their health department of the lifestyle
starting with the poo shoot yep to put
it go to the detox and then this is
putting us on a good track for you know
better meal planning and working out
healthier eating I don't want the energy
to workout right now we're gonna start
running five miles a day right running
running five miles we can hula hoop
maybe family yeah well you guys get
brownie got an Amber the positive
encouragement that it takes to fulfill
these types of goals let me tell you
it's hard it was okay like through the
morning and lunch we had a big chicken
salad for lunch with all healthy stuff
and stuff in it and but as the evening
started approaching whatever we're
hungry we wanted to eat everything in
sight hey Madison
she's been at Sandoval's why you don't
like us no more mine's a juice box okay
dinner tonight consists of chicken
fajita chicken and forest lettuce tomato
salsa sour cream this is chicken fajitas
alright basically gonna talk to me
that's Collin those fajitas were good
but not as good as
is about to be look at the size of that
cake I'm about to smash I don't even
know what it's called
but pink Rican I don't even like that
it's like pineapple orange some good
it's cake orange pop oh there you go
orange pineapple delight that sounds
better tickling you upside-down
you're the upside-down tickle
Liza Liza where's your belly button oh
my gosh
how'd you enjoy your dinner honey so you
can you could only have the chicken and
the lettuce and the tomatoes and that's
it so they're only allowed to have a
very limited amount of food dairy just
fruit and vegetables and chicken that's
it
in their cocktail and their pills oh you
should totally eat fish my goodness are
amber enjoy your night happy first day
of diet success no cheating no cheating
I'll make sure if Veronica doesn't cheat
either do it
whoa did you hear that oh my goodness
hey thanks for dinner we'll see you
later
you start the bath for you you want a
bath you found a Nerf dart don't you
know you're gonna make the bubble hat
and put a bubble hat on your neck looky
there
these are my favorite daddy daddy moment
having fun in the bath time
all done
all clean mmm smells good
fresh clean like a fresh clean little
baby oh let's get you ready for bed Liza
are you ready to go
are you yes she's come down and got
dressed and literally wants to go to bed
well she wants to sing the night Liza
she's like but my pants are just too
long what are you doing silly man
are you reenacting one of your favorite
games on the planet what is it it's no
secret you talk about every day all day
long
Fionn ass
for now mr. fenab you should you should
have like a phenom costume like a golden
Ted or what is it golden Freddy costume
withered Bonnie huh like all the weather
who never heard of him no way the
all-new phone it's very fine it's like a
demo
nice save time buddy all right love you
good night Carson love you Bubba
at least the anticipated effects of your
diet use the anticipated effects of your
diet
Oh only five more days of that right
listen the kids are in bed and last
night late last night we went rented the
revenant starring Leonardo DiCaprio very
good movie from what I saw so far
because as you know I'm one of those
guys who falls asleep by watching maybe
at night so we're gonna do something we
haven't done for a while which is watch
the rest of that and then I'm gonna take
you to our local radio station the Blitz
I'm exactly yeah yeah hey what's up man
thanks dude you got a brotherhood I feel
like really like a little some brandy
exciting do you think there's like
options of different 9-1-1 operators
yeah that show where you can be lethal
even one there's the Sally I know
Sally's working today like she's much
more sensible than you are let me talk
to Sally right now that's absolutely
what I would do I like where the act is
Sally I've had enough with Tina yeah so
we got Gilroy just walked in here think
he's ready for every life what's up bro
how you doing I'm great man how are you
guys oh I tried to get her with the
spider line I didn't get you last time I
wanted to do something special all right
so you guys are gonna stay with this guy
introduce yourself don't be rude and
some of them are boiled some of them are
raw you get it wrong that's when you
have to choose what you should know
something gotta know something man we
first I am what does LGBT stands for
lesbian gay bisexual transgendered very
good low partner who famously said
George Bush doesn't care about black no
really I'm gonna get terrible Aires
feeling okay this would have been your
question Randy but this one good options
here we go
nurse zebra and black tip or types of
what sharks oh my god I don't care like
being on a concert I what I just said
Ellie's gonna bend over bend over keldar
alright and Randy's gonna tap around
no thunder dunk me yeah hard-boiled she
lives to see another round slickster
Kelly talked about anti-climatic
I get to break in are you nuts
okay this pranks on YouTube for a living
okay it's cold and everything it really
sucks guys guys ruthless man alright
look at my hair's crazy-looking things
go so I do apologize I'm kind of like
look I look at peacock alright do you
want to count down here we go so you
need to come right here Maddy Hagar get
that shot bro shot up a lifetime right
now
it's the worst one yes two three hold on
oh I got just a trash bin yes yes three
lies because I'm still in the game
coming up next this cat that starred in
The Nine Lives cat food commercials in
the 70s and 80s what's his first name
good one good thing I was born in 83
like let me just go with the wild guess
alright but maybe typical cat name and
we'll call them whiskers where you get a
monkey dude we need to pick a neg seven
and ten are going for Wow very quickly
ladies
get at me or noggin okay good luck Joe
oh man see I'm a nice guy I don't always
have the heart that we just aired right
now
do it for shared and cameras out there
okay I'm ready say the bounces off and
it's last don't blame my feet
I've just been given the privilege of
Smashing an egg on Randy's face please
don't be nervous it's my first time too
yeah I am feel like you're I saw how
hard he did oh you're a girl I'll be
easy come on
I promise it's my first time here yeah
three oh I'm going I'm calm I'm going
you got easy yeah I do I mean - Tim in
the face so I can only imagine what this
is gonna do oh yeah you're so excited
cuz it's so cold I'm wicked excited
alright here we go three beautiful oh my
gosh sweet taste of humiliation Haley on
YouTube oh yeah I know that Kelly thanks
to Gilroy for playing a game with us
it's smashing me in the face we're gonna
learn about his new youtube channel you
guys definitely won't hear about this
coming up next so I brought this spider
and this is from Dennis's prank kids and
I said all the guests sit right here so
take an eyelet and run a couple all the
way over there and then down the wall to
where you can sneakily grab it okay and
the spider will be up there and you can
just lower it on your guests it's gonna
be so fun for your vlogs because you're
gonna get these scare bits or like they
get that's a good spider - that's that
support our upcoming vlogs we're gonna
have to do this room our guests are here
on Friday like the Super Bowl okay okay
so yeah when they
okay at least some Gilroy on them I want
you to go over their channel to see me
get smashed with the egg and of course
you saw a lover get smashed here this is
so much fun
who did smash oh you did my buddy Dave
Hoff he's the strongest man in the world
at Westside oh no Joe in the world yeah
really it's totals like three thousand
pounds
yeah bench squat really is as strong as
man in the woman you know it's a gym
that you have to be invited into has to
be invited above the bar yeah yeah so I
couldn't show up there like I look
really ridiculous she's invited you I
just well guys we had a fun morning and
the primary function to come in here
today not only to play egg roulette but
to promote the legends awesome logo I
want to say thank you so much for let me
do that yeah man
we've made a lot of progress in the last
two days I know today's vlog was kind of
weird and we haven't done a morning
transition forever I did a morning
transition today which was I I quit
doing that's a big deal guys this is it
is a big deal so the radio show is over
we are gonna talk there's rain you over
there hey what's up guys what's up guys
every YouTube video what's up no but
seriously that guy need to finish this
so I can in this case oh they're doing
they're ending promo deals and that's
where we promote for tomorrow we let
everybody know what's coming up on the
radio show tomorrow sometimes we can do
it like Elvis you know anyway tank it
Sinatra style or sometimes it's a piece
of rich Rick Scott oh we need to tell
them to you guys got to go home and edit
seriously because you guys they need to
watch me getting smashed
oh I have a little ear blah yes yes yes
you'll see gilroy on ours and us on his
yes and the link will be in the
description as soon as it's as soon as
it's available I'm pretty quick editing
so so guys
so god that is where we're gonna leave
you for the vlog today we can't wait to
see each and every one of you guys right
back here
