hey guys the outdoor season is upon us
and it's a perfect way to spend a cool
evening around a campfire with a couple
beers and your friends if you don't have
one like me today I'm going to teach you
how to build so to start we need to take
away the sod from this underneath of the
fire pit so we'll set our first ring
around here to see where exactly it lies
and then we can trace cutting it out
with the shovel so once you've done that
you can move your blocks to the side and
we can start removing this top layer of
grass now keep in mind you only want to
take off about two inches of soil so we
can lay a base layer of sand and then
lay our bricks
now that we've got our hole cut out and
everything's fairly level we're going to
fill the bottom of the hole with this
paver sand that's going to help us get a
nice solid base underneath these stones
you also want to Pat down the dirt so
everything is nice and compacted so you
want to get a straight edge level like
this with the bubble inside so you can
lay it across the sand and make sure
it's perfectly level perfect now we can
start laying our first layer of rock
once you get your first layer of bricks
set you're going to take this any kind
of like landscape it's made for brick
stone and timber adhesive load that up
in your gun don't forget to
puncture a hole you want to apply this
to the top of the bricks before you set
your next one that way they don't move
once you send them there
almost there guys keep going till you
get to the top we're almost done so we
got all our stone laid everything's
glued together I offset the top row so
it looked a little bit different and the
bottom two layers can allow some heat to
come through but the last and final step
is putting some kind of rock down in the
bed
and there you have it guys a pretty
awesome fireplace made of stone if you
liked this video please leave a thumbs
up leave your comments down below and
we'll see you guys in the next one
