what happening guys welcome to the blog
people are trying to show up it's
Colin's birthday I'm still trying to get
ready there we go
people are starting to show up we are
about to have the best day ever
oh you missed yeah I just my sister it's
here you guys know I taught her how to
cut a mango the most efficient way and
she just lost those you're gonna do that
from now on our chests definitely she
does the rest of it to cut off but maybe
I'll show you guys good it takes me 15
minutes to kind of make oh how I didn't
this took about 30 seconds I know super
cool let's do this here at Colin Colin
it's your birthday party I know why
don't you show us around what have we
prepared for you on your birthday party
day we got the boat down let's go let's
see it we got this thing ah the meltdown
whoo this is the funnest inflatable you
could ever get kids have so much fun
with it what do you think Colin cool he
said I tagged another all right what
else we got what else we got let's
Jeannie
there you go here over here
like more all right do you know what oh
yeah good job yeah we got the pool flush
of course the pool you are ten years old
Jimmy driving a car soon dude yes I
can't believe it
it hurts that's right guys everybody
showing up you know we have a birthday
party we do it big and everybody comes
Kathy
yeah and we got Tasha hello and we got
her little girl in the pool and we got
lights on the trampoline and Quinn
what's up down honey we did we're
pulling off an epic birthday party or
maybe 10 don't worry about that right
now don't worry about that it's all
happy days happy happy happy
so when you have parties at your house
you got to make sure that you know it
doesn't get destroyed and everything the
kids walk through here with their wet
feet and I feel like the grandma could
be a serious danger to want this cleaned
up or someone carrying newborn babies
what's up Britney and baby Cora excuse
me Sarah
sir your windows are too tinted hey you
know what's up dude
yes it just makes ready to hear about
that I got something to tell you too
what happen it's bad news bro well then
I'll tell you when you get out I can't
tell you now
remember how I've added your over for a
barbecue
yeah we're calling birthday yeah March
is cancelled bro I got dressed up for
the grill like everybody here the
t-shirt can just show it that I was
ready for this lowly you look quietly
thank you I love it when instead of
grill around Pizza cottage this is like
our one okay penis I see this box every
day every other day a little better
woman
every other day and this is what
happened BBQ yo listen to be fair you
deserve something a little more intimate
when we just turn burgers on a grill
yeah for all these fine GOI barbecue
you're gonna wait a long time for you
get barbecue from ham I've been boiling
for six months a rope what on my country
to barbecue yeah this is the deal out it
has everything Gill out every day I'm
leaving right now to go ahead five pack
the Bahama Mama
my grandma's here say hi gram hi gram oh
she's eating I'm sorry gram
who is that I don't know that that's a
they had a blog blog from Germany Bob
logs from Germany at the blog his name's
blog
remarried a woman my life
my oldest brother married a German you
ever heard of anyone named glow I'm
pretty popular and there's my mama hey
mom are you excited to go to the beach
and like how many days I'm sure you know
and they 18 date 31st mom we're going to
the beach and now come out to the front
and we've got a whole new set of people
clean their Scotty Scotty we got
something to show them yeah in just a
second Chadwicks here my brother Josh
fresh back from Vegas how with that
coffee dude this guy went to Vegas to
gamble a little bit but you went to
where emerald emerald Cove and there's
an emerald Cove the pictures look
beautiful
Oh did Cam take you down the slide well
the kids are having a black this collie
having fun yeah
colin is going 100 miles an hour you
have a silver spoon and that's perfect
like that's what you want
hey are you owning this or what yeah hey
you're out yeah you got to keep a hold
of her though
that single whacker right upside the
head oh yeah honey look at her moves
look at a little man Matt over there
just getting pummeled by this thing oh
Mack here let's do this what's it to
quick opening
so pretty much done looks like the first
thing you have to opening stuff I got to
be under here because there's one more
gift that he's going to have to find
it's big all right Colin did you open
everything are you sure I don't think
you did would you get it dude I don't
know why you didn't open but I'm telling
you there's one more somewhere I think
all you guys are going to have to help
you find it it's a hunt ready set go
it's somewhere in the yard dude it's
somewhere in the yard it's holy
somewhere on the are dude doing great
son just keep looking it's out there
somewhere I promise
Oh
Oh where's that did you run back on that
she found it she found it things they
all found it oh and you can totally see
it without having to move anything at
all okay
Oh what is it
are you throw your dog Oh
usually when you pull out something like
that you want to have charge battery I
thought these ones are gonna have to
charge yeah no one has you've been
asking for that I thought he's not
really freaked out I think you think
you'll see the freak out in to see you
in him playing with it oh yeah well when
he first pulled that trigger and it just
takes off and posilutely into the garage
break something away though yeah all
right
real I got batteries charged up time for
that like you take an ice cream I
yeah
come on put your arms laughs like okay
pretty exciting moment right now guys I
want to show you this let me just get in
the back you can get back I'll let you
get up top
Scotty Scotty got him a new whip check
it out
I know it's so bright look at that thing
oh look at this Ram 1500 hammy 5.7 liter
man vehicle it's a mandate life so I
grew up when I got those things out of
dark you grew up I grew up I got this
you know I'm here - guys watch out here
to think it's in a good official man
card once you learn you know so you
trade the jeep for them
I did this is we're about to take a test
drive and see how this thing run see
we've got too much weight
ah
are you going to blow baby for kissing
organ blower kit blower kit else you
want to turn lime in there over there
oh that's out here at time everyone
starting to leave you know up where we
leave we got a game date night with the
birthday boy we're what we look like
what change money like titanfall to your
time time plane Scribblenauts unlimited
right now
scribble not yeah we can't wing me hmm
everything is pretty much winding down
look all the slate ovals are already
packed up and gone on we've had a chance
to settle down everybody's gone it's
just uh are you ready to Paul thanks man
yeah I asked think you want to try
guiding what I don't think you should
try riding it I mean I remember the body
oh we've got the model on we've got the
controller in hand
enjoy the xmax Oh
caps through that was the weight faster
bro I know how do I know I can tell look
at you
whoa Hollander said he wishes they had a
headlight but look we got gravel on the
on the tires man she's been through it
some so far things a monster what do you
think are you super happy yeah
best birthday ever oh boy so is the rest
of the day
thrashing the eggs max just having a
blast you know as a parent it's one of
the most rewarding things that you can
experience which is making your kids
feel special feel appreciated feel like
if you like Kings man I mean to be able
to give call in a day like today and all
the kids for that matter
any kid on their birthday it's really
something important and I feel like
that's my job as a dad make sure that
they feel loved and I they do they do I
know they do it's been a great day oh we
had such a blast today guys we had like
inflatables xmax finding open presents
my good cake cart actually got a cuckoo
cuckoo hey you know what
so there's a shout-out to all the
families that came if you're watching
this we'll see you guys on the next one
bye
