what's up guys how you doing we are
outside on this beautiful day playing
bubbles again these are little bubbles I
have an idea for some bigger ball my
echo doesn't mind any size bubbles she
loves them all echo get your bubbles we
just went to my dad's house to pick up
some wood so that we have some firewood
he always has tons thank you Dad I love
you but now we're gonna unload it and I
think we're just gonna stack it here on
this pallet pull back of the Jeep filled
mostly that'll last us plenty just like
that we got it all stacked up in this
little dude here huh five came he helped
ray we helped couldn done without her
Memphis high five good job and cam good
job you deserve a high five - OH -
sometime I to have my fun time you left
me here with all these kids yeah
some almost died the last time we
started a fire
I showed young Cameron here how to do it
and make a good fire so now he's doing
he's he's this is his test he's gonna
show you guys how to start a fire
properly
Cameron what are you after the little
sticks that's right well yeah and then
put your pile of sticks around it and
leave a piece that you can light on fire
on one side we're gonna light this on
fire first so good
go on make sure you got your other twigs
ready all right put some more on there
not to smother it right this is very hot
over here right now let that catch on
fire good start here we've got all these
kids here for the weekend trying to keep
them entertained tamed entertained
Amber's family friends and their family
are in town and you saw we have Kanan
Noah for the weekend room and a Britney
rap playlist so it was like a lot of
kids here to keep each other company but
we're also trying to entertain them as
well
so we're doing the fire so we can make
s'mores and we're gonna do I think last
summer you guys saw us do these giant
bubbles so we've got the wands we need
to repair them a little bit and
Veronica's about to make the bubble
mixture sorry I kind of missed it you
got a lamb - and then - and stack them
up alternating directions and then you
got yourself a solid furnace of fire
it's good stuff
Nana just showed up and saved the day
with some Frosty's baby logic a frosty
boy good you want to do something cool
yeah something you've never done before
you want to fly a phantom three I'm
terrible flying drones well I'm gonna
teach you I'm gonna teach you son okay
I'm about to give Noah his first lesson
in flying
what do you think is it fun it's awesome
do some flips and stuff no I'm kidding
go to alright we're all done with the
drone Noah was super sketched out to try
and fly that thing
but he flew it well unfortunately we
couldn't put any footage in the vlog
because there wasn't an SD card in it so
hello now we are going to do the
infamous giant bubble we showed you guys
how to make these before I'll link the
video up here so click that to watch how
we make the wands and the solution you
need a special solution it's not just
regular bubble stuff so let's do this
you ready
Bryan Cathy in the house this is a
parallel parking crash course right here
so we're come down to Amber's tonight
for dinner got all the family over here
well not all of it only portions of it
but as you know the family's big so
there's a lot of people here there's my
model there's my mom hi mama
oh there's mama okay slide in there
Memphis oh yeah buddy
What's Wrong duck about five seconds oh
I've never seen are you seriously want
me to do this yeah you do it okay this
place is crazy right now
that's crazy ro they want me to put this
foil on the grill instead of leaving it
open look I want you guys to meet the
guy that you didn't get to see yesterday
this is uh this is Caleb say hi Kevin
some did so did Fadi so did ya who's all
these people okay she's not shy get him
get him Liza oh my gosh hotdog she wants
mayor
don't give her beer mama got a standard
hamburger salad will deviled egg baked
beans food good company such a good
weekend so far yeah it's a lot of work
trying to keep these kids entertained I
think we've done a fair job today and
yesterday and it's only Saturday see you
Grammy I wish you could come for the
fire but I know you gotta let your dogs
out you're wearing a jacket no you have
fun with that fire window okay see ya
thank you see they're the ones who
hooked us up with the firewood earlier
so thank you captain for the firewood
all right we're back home now dinner was
good and we got to get this fire going
so we can have some s'mores right guys
yeah oh my gosh yeah
don't bark at me honey I'm Jen be gentle
aah what's he doing Liza good job and
helping build the fire again nicely done
good job all right Colin show them what
you got set up here I just do this yeah
we did good job we got our marshmallows
we got our Hershey's chocolate we got
our graham crackers and we have a more
sophisticated marshmallow roasting
sticks yeah you guys yeah
go ahead man Carson Hauser s'mores good
number how's your s'mores visit he's
trying he's trying real hard first time
for Memphis roasting marshmallows
Collins is on fire we got kids on their
iPods they're playing Minecraft playing
Minecraft this guy are you playing
Minecraft no did you guys have the most
awesome day ever
was it a ton of fun yeah
we did it all today man we had a
barbecue we played with bubbles we did
we flew the drone no what else did we do
I forget we did so much it was a fun day
yeah we played on I'd say we fulfilled
our job as parents today times one two
three four five eight kids sitting all
together so needless to say we're tired
we're gonna wrap this up for today I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog make sure
you come back tomorrow because we plan
on doing a little bit of a nature hike
possibly if the weather holds out so
that is where we leave you for today I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
all right back here
