shady guess I'm the real shady hey guys
what's up welcome to a beautiful day
today my day started out with Scotty
calling me and he says hey Gil boy wants
to ask if I want to go mushroom hunting
because right now is the perfect time
and I promised you guys we would go find
some mushrooms to show you you know
where to look and all that kind of stuff
so I'm heading to Scotty's right now
we're going mushroom there he is yes
Scotty what is the likelihood we're
gonna find some mushrooms and percentage
hmm at least 50 have you ever seen that
maybe Sleepy Hollow yeah look like the
head of the Headless Horseman stuff I'm
super sketched out by covered bridges
we're just gonna floor it ready oh my
god that one has actually burned down
before really yeah who burned it down
can't see their name okay hey puppies
there you got so many pits
these are pit bulls right yeah I think
they're so cute
everybody here's such a good dog yeah
look at how beautiful it is out here
guys I love this property it's just so
wide open and beautiful oh and now the
weather is like opening up and it's time
for the trees to grow it's just such a
great time of year I love this time of
year when you're hunting for mushrooms
you want to make sure you have something
to put these in just in case you find a
bunch so Scott is getting us in plastic
bags and I'm getting excited like I
promised you guys we were gonna find
mushrooms and we're gonna find some
mushrooms you know you know suppose
actually take a regular stack out one
has holes in it like like we use my mom
collects like what's this Organic lemon
bag lemon bag like a mesh yeah mesh bag
why because these morel mushrooms have
spores right fall off and you want them
to fall off so this is like to help
filter that stuff out cool okay let's go
Ethan
you guys ever play those like search and
find games like the I spy games where
you're looking at a picture and you have
to find different things in the picture
but this is like looking for only one
thing and the last thing which is the
hardest thing to find and everything is
growing so the foliage is like there's
so many colors out here it's just very
hard to find these things but we'll find
them
we are out here literally striking out
that kind of sucks cuz I know right now
Veronica's got so many kids at the house
and they are probably having a blast we
made one of these giant water blobs
again the kids are enjoying it we're
about to step this up a notch life is
not a fan of it mom or you won't get on
slip slide machine why is it like some
there's lots of bubbles everywhere two
and a half hours in and we still haven't
found a single mushroom my motivation to
find a mushroom has never been greater
so we're going back now another spot
with a bunch of random trash here look
at this soda pot oh we caught Jack
chick-chick jack thirst quencher oh god
there's a bee on me Oh
pressure sprayer a metal pressure
sprayer and all this stuff rolls a
barbed wire Oh weird it's like a light
fixture yeah there's a moonshine barrel
you know this is your seventeen this was
all come out look good well then we're
gonna come out and fly later on this
year really put in the ground for 17
years
no I swear God cicadas
dude that's push one over ours yeah it's
totally alive - danga way Blatz beer
Milwaukee's finest oh wow I'm gonna be
honest I feel like a scavenger hunter
right now you see the signs honey we are
I did we are in the Amish country right
not really
no but there's a ton of all mesh people
is about here yeah I was just thinking
like how cool would that be would they
even allow it to do like a documentary
on the Amish lifestyle because I mean
you gotta hit you got to give it to them
they they do everything to be productive
in life without all of the amenities of
modern culture Soleil I mean I'm pretty
sure these guys have electricity
those are Mennonites Mennonites
midnights do that you don't have any
electricity Mennonites will have
electricity and drive bars
somehow get away with the attacks you
want to fight all right Scotty I gotta
get I gotta get out of here another
unsuccessful day of mushroom hunting I
know but every time you go out hunting
deer you get a deer so that's true yeah
I wouldn't know that either
I do later Joey you got a live stream to
catch yeah we got all the water mess
cleaned up shoot some dry clothes and
now it's time for dinner
yeah hey pizza cottage again we actually
did buy stuff to cook but this wedding
day were like he said chase calls me
he's had come upstairs with tweezers and
a lighter uh he's pooping also I'm also
proving he's got ticks on him yeah three
ticks that we got off of him and
hopefully none of these are carrying
Lyme disease Nana showed up hi Nana
she's actually going with me tonight to
clean stalls a thoris bar no doesn't
take forever yeah so don't go faster um
so you can get back in have a little
bonfire and have more s'mores yeah we
made it
let's get started oh wait leaving
pitchforks
what I'm too loud oh can I put that
together is that okay okay um we'll take
it apart tomorrow we're giving the kids
a little bit a bedtime snack I guess
before bed how was the horse barn it was
fun
we literally just got done watching Star
Wars probably 15 minutes ago
no these guys are whelmed we're going to
wind down the rest tonight get these
guys place asleep and wake up fresh
tomorrow with a fun plan to do some more
we didn't get to do s'mores tonight and
I thought we were going to but we did
you didn't get to no worries that is
where we leave for today thank you guys
so much for watching and we can't see
all of you right back here tomorrow
