hey guys welcome to our garage we're in
the garage cleaning the garage in the
garage I'm sorry I'm feeling goofy guys
what's up welcome to the first inaugural
clip of Veronica's new camera say hey
that was good
what's with this pop garage clean people
over this weekend yeah it's gonna be
raining so this is a nice big place that
we can hang out behind here and then
just feel like it needs a little deeper
cleaner here in the entrance area that's
a good call
oh boy oh boy yeah still working on the
garage I feel like we're creating a
bigger mess than cleaning up are you
smelling my camera no you need to go
through except those high heels you need
to go through a long wait I gotta keep
the shoes there you got me oh yeah
you're gonna keep those just just
because I got them for you he's actually
gonna wear them I love these shoes so
this was a find that Branka got at
Walmart last night
that is gonna be so much fun Liza Liza
you're gonna you're gonna have so many
bubbles to play with what are you after
what do you want give me a big girl you
got a special treat for you Liza whoa
look at all those bubbles Wow get the
bubbles Liza it empties down into the
bottom that thing is wicked oh my gosh
you guys saw how EKKO was with the big
bubbles just one bubble we need to go
get EKKO Mir come here ko look look at
all these bubbles look at all the
bubbles yeah
I get a Mac oh look at her she's losing
it get'em echo what are we getting for
dinner amber he's like on edge
so I've been working so hard today and
getting everything clean until it's
actually two orders for pickup Gilroy
and Holly Holly
thank you too
okay let's go eat so we had dinner I
showered myself feel a little better
chase you hey now chase out here
cleaning up his dirt pile we don't have
we don't have a wheelbarrow so he came
up with the genius idea
this old tarp put it on there and then
he'll just drag it over to the tree line
right yeah but I should have done that
first yeah you should have
yeah just put it right on there
yeah I still got some more cleaning up
to do in the garage but I just feel like
relaxing for a few and we actually got
some new friends coming over with some
good news she's got for us she wouldn't
tell me
so we're just waiting on them to get
here we have a little update on our on
our plants that I planted they're like
running so this one has spinach and
nothing's come up yet this one is my
sunflowers and you can see right down in
here you can see a little sprouted
sunflower right there even though it's
blurry I'm sorry guys
and then I put some flower seeds in here
too and you can see there's one sitting
right there yay
am I in my relationship with my wife
she's never had a horse friend and now
she has a horse friend hey I'm learning
about this entire new world of horses
right now like I do not I
I've only ridden ninja do you say you
were ready you wrote him one time
I've only wrote names
or ridden I've ridden my broom yeah I've
only been on ninja twice twice I think
maybe random fights I thought it was
only one okay well then maybe only one
did you stay on yes yeah he's stayin I
look like an idiot at the farm that we
think you should try what donkeys
donkeys oh can we do a challenge video
right okay can you ride a donkey yes
okay do donkeys listen like do they take
direction like horses like do they have
well um you know their donkeys they can
be asses perfect I want to do a
challenge video where we're playing like
polo you guys right with the with the
hammer and the ball on the ground in a
muddy pit right where's the mud pit
gonna become your it's your place tell
me in the comments you guys want to see
this I want to do challenge video where
we're on donkeys right bareback okay
can you run but I will find out um what
if they are unraidable donkeys he's
gonna hear and that's gonna be funny so
if we have like a we might want to skip
the Polo and start off with a little bit
of PBR yeah there we go
that means professional um that beer
well we know beer afterwards you're
gonna need quite a bit of those cuz I'm
pretty sure you're gonna be on the
ground Miz lies oh oh nice oh you break
on that night no right then you couldn't
not right good night it's 7,000 volts 15
amps no no nice she goes over to the
gate and she'll climb up the stairs and
go right in around the way down wiser
can you tell night
I'm gonna go put her in Zurich yeah
dreams oh thank you here daddy throw
that way this is cooking bed
by okay so it's that time when I always
I went to bed down sleeping mmm
Tessa has to take Dan home cuz he's
ready for bed it's like this from the
inauguration of Gilroy plugs you guys
have seen me and my passion that is
creating videos editing videos traveling
filming right that's my passion but you
never really get to see Veronica's
passion and this the horse world is my
passion yeah I love it
and I'm glad that I've connected with
someone reconnected actually they
re-enacted yes we actually know each
other a long time ago but we have made
this connection and
horse crazy yes horse crazy so the
secret that tessa had for us today is
actually a very cool thing i think and
super huge shout out to the people who
make this stuff the pony tail stuff they
used on ninjas tail the other day so
many of you guys were asking about it
where to get it and all this stuff
tessa reached out to the people that own
the company and they wanted to give us
the entire lineup of stuff that they
make there's even a couple of bottles
here for the dog so echo can get in on
this so they gave us all this stuff to
use for ninja and they want to give you
guys something to those of you who have
horses and want to use this on your
horse they're giving us a coupon code
for you guys to get 15% off their stuff
go to the link in the description that's
their website use the coupon code
hashtag shine like ninja and something
really cool about that is that only very
few horses get kind of featured with
their own hashtag so now ninja has his
own hashtag with this company and I
think that's super super awesome so like
Veronica's passion is already coming
with some some
I guess in the form of like how to take
care of them in his appearance and stuff
so I think that's really really cool
this is the power of you guys and and
you know what we do as vloggers you saw
us use something that I thought was
pretty cool and I know nothing about
horses it worked out really well and so
they gave us all this stuff to use and I
just want to say thank you again to
ponytail that's really really cool and
you guys can get in on 15% off if you
have horses so check the link in the
description
use the code hashtag shine like ninja
and this is not a paid advertisement or
anything like that this is just
something that we used in the videos and
the company saw it and they really liked
it but you have super huge thanks to
tested for that that's awesome so you
got to go we have people coming in this
weekend won't finish cleaning in the
garage yeah we got to finish cleaning
the garage now but she's gonna go get
amber - yeah see you tomorrow cam my
Carson good night buddy
Carson is staying down at Amber's now I
have just discovered a piece of vlog
history do you guys remember what was
the name of that video right got
Veronica with the llama spray I put it
in this exact water gun I found it in
the bottom of this box of toys this
exact gun was filled with the vomit
spray in that video share the link who
has the link this is epic look what we
found here
little froggy a guy froggy hey I think
he's here
okay he's good he's alive there you go
buddy
watch out we're gonna we're gonna sweep
up here okay food echo looking good
fresh food and water Veronica just
stepped out to the store so she can get
some food for all the people that's
showing up tomorrow which is the
surprise for Amber's kids that they
don't know his their older brother is
coming and it's gonna be pretty cool to
see them reunite because they've been
away since she moved up here so it's a
very complicated story but yeah so that
is where we're gonna leave for today
make sure you guys come back tomorrow
and check out a really cool family
reunion slash maybe possibly exciting
weekend thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see each
and every one of you right back here
