hey guys what's up welcome to the vlog
look what I just finished building
pretty dope right that is our brand new
fire pit check this thing out I just
spent the afternoon filming a video show
you guys how to build one of these
pretty awesome so you know what that
means tonight we need to break this
thing in have some s'mores or hot dogs
or whatever I can't wait I'm super super
excited anyway how are you guys I hope
everyone's doing good it is a nice hot
day alright so it's hot out we're having
some popsicle treats
it's that good light it's that good she
was not a fan at first but now that I
need ya she's crunching it is that good
oh now she knows to bite it certainly
was hot out here I probably have like a
suntan line for my sunglasses so bright
it's supposed to be cloudy the only
thing I have left to take care of is
this pile of dirt but I'm fresh out of
time because it's about five o'clock and
that means it's time for live stream hey
guys I'm back I had to go clean for star
I was gonna say clean stalls and Carson
saying horse barns that kind of came out
at the same time but yeah I cleaned the
stalls
that's hard work my arms are sore from
doing it Monday but it feels good feels
good to get out there and sweat and do
some physical labor mister mister here
has tons of homework since he missed the
last two days of school how's your
throat feeling fine fine yeah good I
still need to take my mask you still
need to take your - yes thank you yeah
gotta get make sure that wire
is gone chases to live-streaming I'm
gonna go get a firewood for the fire pit
the chase bill so I'm gonna go get that
out of the car and carry it back 1 2 1
ready to get this thing started I'm
hungry
revving hot dogs tonight just because we
can cook them on the fire it's after
this dream and we had to come down and
take a look at Amber's car so basically
what's happening is normally when you
press on the brake there's a safety
mechanism that releases the ability to
shift gear for whatever reason this is
not engaging it won't let her shift that
Park so we did some research and she got
this part that I believe is called there
it is the shift interlocks Illinois so
we have a replacement part here this is
what we need to try and replace now I
don't know much about Mustangs for
exactly where this lives but I'm pretty
sure it's underneath the center console
so we need to take that apart to look at
it I do not see what the replacement
part is in here at all my guess is that
it's under the car or my guess is it's
under the car and I'm gonna need to
re-strategize or some jack stands and
some more heavy machinery yeah okay so I
was wrong you see hmm you see that wire
right there that is the lead to this
part and it goes back in their ways
so I do have to continue pulling off the
center console which is proving to me
quite difficult
well you guys I'm a noob so these bolts
down here you need to take out to take
out the ebrake so this console will lift
up but those bolts are so tight I cannot
get them with my hand tools and the one
that's more forward than this back one
here this is one of them it's up there
and it's so hard to get I need tools
better tool so we have to leave this
project for now ok there's there's one
right here too I got my stick stick
whittling first set at our own fire pit
are you sorry calling we're gonna have
dogs
okay guys fire starting 101 you need to
start with something that will catch
easy like here's a little tip dryer lint
really good at helping to start a fire
but he also needs small twigs and stuff
look here at boys look these these
little small twigs that are laying on
the ground all these little small twigs
are perfect for starting fires they're
dead they're already dry that's what we
want to get that's good yeah that
because we'll break it up real nice and
small it's dry it's dead
that's good - yep break a couple more
that's to see to see how it was really
hard to pull off and it's still green
kind of too wet we don't need that we
want the dry stuff that breaks real easy
to ask what is drying woods darlings
just a bunch of clothes so dryer lint
and then kindling which is smaller twigs
right where do you say we go with the
teepee style fire yeah once we like the
lint the lint gonna take off cuz the
lint loves to be on fire and it's gonna
catch our little sticks and then I gotta
keep feeding
their sticks that's cool I've never had
a flyer in our backyard fires in our
backyard all the time yay what I think
guys that's our first fire you like it
so far
look at that I'm pretty proud boys
look what daddy made
honey come here Liza daddy made fire
Collins got his hot dog skewer and I've
got the hot dogs there you go go roast
drove Carson ringers here you did great
it looks awesome now we got a nice
little place together yeah we think
about that Liza you like the fire
she's completely hypnotized yeah kind of
rushed your weenie dude and then what
are we gonna have s'mores
we got marshmallows graham crackers mom
are you ready for bed and this a nice
fire though thanks mom oh my gosh my
first fire pit hot dog
honey this is an exciting day here's to
having some awesome moments this summer
around the fire okay you want this
wonder can I have it
what happened well start again I missed
it flashy what do you got she's straight
got up on the stool there and took
Collins hot dog she's a thief
new like hotdogs no she was actually
eating it it was so funny just seeing
her jump off of this with this in her
mouth you like it then oh here we go we
got to go to bed for school tomorrow it
is a school night I'm staying up with
that this is too good to let go to waste
there I don't know school tomorrow I did
my time yeah person good night I love
you no one really does but you have to
it's your job now Collin love you buddy
you like plants vs. zombies big girl
just the two of us left we're enjoying
the last little bit to this fire before
it goes out and just enjoying the
accomplishment what a cool fire pet that
we have now thank you guys for tuning in
to the live stream does you who did and
we'll do another one Friday at 5 p.m.
Eastern thank you guys for watching we
are just gonna chillax right here by
this fire we will see each and every one
you right back here
