what's up guys welcome to our day hope
everyone's feeling fantastic look we've
got we've got a sick one at home with us
today what's wrong with you that's right
guys Carson has strep throat Veronica
took him to the doctor we've already got
his prescriptions filled and he's on
antibiotics for its trip there is the
absolute worst and I feel like I'm like
germaphobe right now because I do not
want to get strapped her absolutely not
but we still have things to do first
order business for today he's going to
the post office and checking the post
and we've got to go gather some Oh
Carson watch the traffic we're going to
a place where not many men go the old
Walmart you ready
keep me close don't let me get lost in
here okay so it's about that time
I usually go through one of these cans
of hair product for every like two
months maybe one can last me two months
they changed it look how cool it looks
now there's that one here's the old one
that's what action mess and look used to
look like so in case you ever wondered
this is the stuff I put in my hair acts
messy look X if you ever sell out of
this stuff that's the day I have to put
a log in seriously came here for the
most random of things like I need socks
we need more balloons to reshoot our
challenge and daddy needs some more
underwear yes Gilroy wears boxer briefs
weird he got that first stop that we
need to make is going to be after this
is going to be like home depot or lowes
because I'm thinking about building like
a out of stone a circular fire pit for
the backyard perfect time for that love
having fires so I might want to build
one and I'm gonna show you guys how to
do that and we got to hit the post
office because they were on lunch by the
time
I was through there I'll tell you what
guys I compare like this beautiful warm
weather we've been blessed lately like
waking up from a coma because like
seriously I hate eat cold weather with a
passion and like now that it's warm I
just feel like I want to be out there I
want to do stuff I'm feeling motivated
today
hey Apple oh goodness you're here Elsa I
thought you'd be here how you doing well
so I can check the post okay we got
nothing in the post today but that's
okay cuz I think we have enough Carson
for a video to do a live fan mail it'll
be a small one but just to refresh you
guys you're more than welcome to send us
packages the address to send it to the
PA box is down in the description below
at the very bottom I didn't show you why
I filmed it but I didn't show you us
going to Best Buy went to Best Buy and I
picked up something for Veronica I'm
gonna surprise her with him we get back
to the house
and she brought us Chipotle so before we
go to love we're gonna go to the house
get some boat late and give Veronica
this gift I got her you say flash she
brought home another friend a snake
bigger snake holy moly
we'll listen look I'm so thankful you
got me
Chipotle right I really appreciate it
that's super thoughtful journey no I was
gonna say now I got you something
special yeah do you want to see no don't
drink after him you have strep throat
buddy it's highly contagious alright
honey
close your eyes hold out your hands like
this you guys you just go
just trust me I'm not oh honey it's not
a sticker spider okay
just close your eyes and hold both hands
out like this together come on close
your eyes well that's just the thing so
you've been doing so swell with the
vlogs lately I figured it's hard for us
to part with one camera so now you have
your own good quality cam do you you
haven't even opened it perfect
opportunity to prank that person as you
put like your little
there you go you're vlogging official
alright look it's a beautiful day
outside right echoes out here she has to
be on her chain because she's well in
heat and we don't want her to get away
the only way to keep her occupied is
with the ball or the frisbee and the
frisbee accidentally got stuck there on
the roof I have to retrieve it honey
hold this oh wait there you go don't
jump don't she wants it she's like oh my
frisbee there it is oh so much fun it
why are you why are you up there looks
so far down down
don't don't jump
yeah hey there's Liza hi punkin oh you
like to throw these happen Oh get it get
it Eliza get it oh did you have a good
nap mmm did you have a good nap I didn't
know she loves doing that she's got one
down here and one up here she's growing
it so sad
Kirsten you want to go with to Lowe's or
you stay here you're gonna stay here all
right just so you know you're missing
out so I've just been walking around
here looking at different things like
drywall
and drop ceiling materials to determine
I guess I haven't told you guys yet
I saw the ex landlord the other day and
the building is finally coming open soon
and I'm getting ready to make the office
part so I'm looking at how much that's
gonna cost
and I'm like super excited all right I'm
sidetracked I need to check out the
garden stuff apparently they make these
things exactly how I want to do it and a
kit this is exactly what I was trying to
do exactly through there's like this
steel ring all the blocks and I'm hoping
gravel since it shares it yeah I don't
know how important the steel ring is
really but that is exactly what I'm
after and look at the price tag first of
all $199 I'm sitting here doing the math
and each layer has 12 stems right so 12
times 3 4 3 layers 36 stones all
together and I looked outside each down
is $2.49 so if you take 36 times $2.49
you get 89 dollars and 64 cents so the
biggest part of this project is only $89
at 64 cents and the only other thing the
kit includes is this ring right here the
steel ring so like for another $110 you
get a steel ring but for what purpose
does it serve I think 9
so thing we're gonna go without the kit
and be cost-efficient and a smart buyer
right and there it is guys that was
thrifty thrifty buying on my part 120
bucks I got to do the work but there's
my fire pit I got all jealous with
Veronika's how to video for the spring
seed links and so now I got to make a
sweet fire pit building video oh yeah
it's happening now I got to unload all
this
all right let's move on look at this
we're loading everyone up we're gonna go
it's Tuesday it's Taco Tuesday at Scott
and Lindsey's so we're gonna go hang out
with Scott and Lindsay that's right guys
we're here at Scotty's we got trashcan
jam with the a fake glasses check those
out Scotty over here trying to figure
out our next dubsmash which one is it oh
yeah pick it we're doing we're doing a
fire one tonight that does smash gonna
be on fire look it's Taco Tuesday we got
the kids in here eatin we got the girls
in here talking what are you guys
talking about just food how are you
feeling Lindsay feeling back really hmm
that's good not not many more show me
how you wrap it
show me how you wrap it Scott I wrap it
like that I was just too open-ended
right no well you got the other end fold
the bottom up okay okay okay I hope it
works that's pretty much how I do mine
yeah let's see if I can show you flip up
the bone
and then bring it over and roll it back
a little bit and then yeah that's that's
what I did I did that yeah I took I
totally just did bye girls bye dinner
was good
we're going out to the man cave Scott's
man cave this is probably my favorite
part of his property what's your
favorite part of this property I thought
you're gonna say the man cave big the
big old penis this is all Scotty stuff
in here but yeah the other owner has to
still move a bunch of their stuff but
just imagine the potential look he's
even got a limp a big old lift man
there's someone who likes working on
cars that's pretty awesome
that's mine that's my floor do you know
why I grabbed that forward just screams
out of love that's why I Drive a four
she's doing it to she's amazing Wise's
he dune down doc is that Donald Duck
she's pretty chill with what's happening
right now
yeah yeah it's got a the sun's out and
sorry
good to see you my friend adios pieces
it's Roy Liza it's beautiful music it
was did you like that music hmm i'ma
leave you to ponder that right 920 it is
bad time
ooh look at your muscles whoa buddy Liza
are you ready for bed love
I just love you good night buddy
yeah Carson's definitely a little bit
upset tonight okay he's sick he's he's
emotional
but before I go I'm getting into some of
this and before the clocks reach reaches
any later it's time for me to get some
rest because we're gonna do a really
cool project tomorrow I'm excited build
a fire pit I'm gonna show you guys how
so that is where we are gonna leave you
guys for today
if you don't know about it catch us in
the livestream it should be happening in
a few hours by the time you're watching
this if you see this in the future
this makes no sense at all but twitch TV
forward slash Gilroy gaming come check
out the livestream I'm challenging all
of my all of my viewers who have rocket
League on Xbox one to come and play with
us
it's gonna be a lot of fun so thank you
guys so much for watching we can't wait
to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
