swings finally and today Colin and I are
gonna show you five simple gardening
hacks to get your seed started first
thing you're gonna need like a little
shovel for your dirt and you're gonna
need like a watering can which we don't
have either of those so we're gonna show
you how to make them first the shovel
you're gonna take a simple jug I've
already marked off where you're gonna
cut you're gonna cut around the handle
here and then a nice little triangle
here this next part involves cutting
scissors please she's letting adult do
this part I've got the handle out and
I'm just gonna continue cutting down the
side now you have a handy shovel made
out of an old recycled milk jug that
you're gonna use for your scoop here
we're gonna make a watering pan so you
have like a milk jug for recycling again
you want to grab a knife and poke holes
right in there you're gonna take the
knife and poke holes right in the top of
your milk jug cap
you're gonna carefully put the knife on
the top of the cap and twist until you
have a little hole and now you've
recycled another plastic jug by turning
it into a water can next I'm going to
show you the egg carton greenhouse
you're gonna take one of these
biodegradable cardboard egg cartons
you're an employer dirt make sure you
have dirt and all the little holes it's
swell soil so we're not gonna do carrots
we might do some cheese
these are flowers they say we do peas in
this one okay
actually first I'm gonna add a little
bit of water to this soil you're gonna
create a little hole to drop your seed
down in you're gonna lightly cover it
back up okay now that we have all of our
seeds in our egg carton greenhouse you
want to make sure these are very moist
so you're gonna take your water and just
generously water and now we're going to
wrap the saran wrap around it to create
the greenhouse and now you're gonna take
this instead of in a sunny window or
outside in the Sun and you have a mini
greenhouse next I'm going to show you
how to do with the eggshell seed starter
eggshells have lots of nutrients for
your plants so it's good to start your
seeds in them kahlan's filling the
eggshells with the soil
this is actually becoming funny yeah so
you want to get a twig yeah I'm gonna
twig and pull all your holes down in the
middle of the eggshells we're gonna drop
in the seeds and cover them up lately
with the soil and water well
it's gonna overs when you get the little
plants you'll just take them out
eggshell no to plant in the ground the
last one is a super easy one you're
gonna take a clothespin with your label
on it and a twig take this put it in the
side of your pot so you know what seeds
are in there or if you have a flat like
this you just simply flip it on and
there you go five simple hacks but you
can use to start your seeds this spring
leave a like below I'll see you next
time
