good morning guys starting out your day
here at the barn with me I'm gonna get
ninja and give him a little bath he's
starting to grow like um some fungus on
him just I mean it's not too bad it's
been he's had it worse before but he
needs a good bath it's been a while got
a ninja out from the pasture we've got
went and bought this little wash brush
spongy brush I'm got a whole tote of
shampoos and conditioners and all that
fun stuff to bathe the horse
we went pilfering now we need a bucket
good boy
alright we got him out here tied up I
don't know where I'm gonna put you guys
so I don't know get you sweat I spray ya
got my watch to name a bird in air
all right so I gotta mostly washed and
now I'm going to take this fungicide
stuff and just kind of spot treat where
I think he has the fungus and then I'm
gonna wash his mane and tail real good
and then we'll rinse him again and get
him dried off
you
okay so got em wash and I want to show
you guys this is an important part of
washing a fork so you use like a
squeegee or a scraper of some sort to
get the excess water off the horse so
that way they're natural heating and
cooling system can you know take over if
he's soaked all the time it's not going
to work very well I'm not it's not gonna
help him dry very much
well ninja
you can see all that water coming off
and look how much hair
he still has coming off of him so today
guys Gilroy viewers you're gonna have a
special treat we're going to show you a
special product if you're into the
equine world something that'll make your
grooming time a breeze got three awesome
products we're going to use today the
brand is pony tail
we do sell it here if you're interested
contact gilroys they can tell you how to
get in contact with me three of my
favorites that I love to use in the
winter time we can't bathe our horses so
we're going to go with strop trough the
spot rinse free shampoo but for today
we've already bathed and shampooed our
horses so we're going to take this one
out of the mix these are my two
favorites when you need to clean up a
tail mane even the horse's body this is
a leave-in conditioner it's going to be
a lightweight conditioner one thing to
know about all these products is they
are pH balanced so they will not
irritate or disturb the horses natural
balance in their body so it's not to a
so acidic or alkaline the next thing
this is liquid magic right here guys I
am not kidding you this is the best
product that I have found for myself and
my horses it is paraben and sulfate free
it does not attract dirt that's right
does not attract her it is a heavyweight
high-gloss serum it is not oily it is
not sticky it is not greasy you will not
go wash your hands after you use this
because it'll absorb right in and it's
got natural blends of argon avocado and
macadamia seed oil and it smells
fabulous we're gonna start with our
leader you guys can see that I mean it's
in dread strands small stomach so here's
your number one magic tool start as a
cop or some kind of strands and leave-in
conditioner and believe me guys the
first time you use this you probably
gonna want to use quite a bit because of
the fact that we're gonna get it to make
things and like if I'm at a hurry I use
a lot I mean a lot it's not going to
hurt or affect them it doesn't make it
greasy or nasty but once you get it and
the horse is used to it and it it kind
of maintains so like you can come back
to your horses fail and it's not like
as bad as you think it would be so we
got that nice and wet and then after I
do that I come back and I kind of soak
it and rub it through the horse's tail
just to kind of make sure it got all
those spots pick he's got a beautiful
thick tail and what you're seeing right
now you guys are going to actually be
going crazy in a little bit if your
horse people to see what he'll think
it's actually going to get what it
actually looks like when you get the
products on it so I kind of pull it and
then I take the show pony shine the
liquid magic I was telling you about
kind of run it all the way down to the
bottom of the tail nigga remember this
is your liquid magic and liquid gold so
I pull it out put it on the top and then
I work it through you may need more of
this when it's time to come back and
brush but right now we're just gonna get
a nice base on there and cuz his tail is
just so like snarly and because it's
just so gritty and not soft which is
natural if I mean it's what they do it's
fine it's not not a bad thing it's just
that I show a lot and I also try to keep
their tails out of burrs so this stuff
really helps I'm gonna do one more swipe
with the show Pony shine I don't know if
you guys can see a difference already
I'm gonna go ahead I work this in to the
shine already on it and we haven't even
done anything with it and his tail is
just completely changed already
I found the trick that if you let this
sit for a few minutes it works better so
let it absorb into those tails so we're
gonna take a break when we let this sit
and then we'll come back and try to show
you some magic the other night when I
was here was telling Tessa I said you
know I love ninjas tail it's so full and
thick but it takes me at least an hour
to get all the way brushed through it
because it's always so tingly and you
guys can see how like and it's long and
full some horses are blessed with an
awesome tail some horses aren't and his
tail does need putt you don't want the
horse's tail to
long because if they back up they will
step on it
so he's not even for once I want you
guys to see that because he's resting
this foot so this sides down a little
bit but the tail is like here so horses
will back up when they back up they can
step on their tail and if they step on
their tail they're going to pull it it's
going to hurt so what we usually
maintain is cut it right about here
they're fetlock joint or at their
fetlock area you guys know about horses
great if not no big deal it's just
pretty much a big angle bone for them so
we're just going to cut it so we're
going to take that much off does anybody
need some horsehair because if so maybe
she could cut it off and mail to you as
a souvenir
haha man look at that hey that might
have been cheating come on I know I know
that this product is cool but I don't
know if you're gonna is going to be that
cool I've never been able to brush from
here normally I only get them out here
but it brushes all the way straight
through so then guys if I have these
knots and snarls like this really bad I
might grab some more of my spray put it
in because again his tail just ate up
everything we put in him which is
telling us that his tail is needing the
natural oils and the natural product
than this so his tail is just
moisturizing it all up which is actually
great because he's getting his tail
hydrated which will promote healthy
growth again so she's going to put some
of that in see how that does that's not
doing the trick which it's not the heavy
weight serum so you can see what the
heavy weight does now you're going to
see what the or the light weight goes
I'm so sorry the light weight now we're
going to give her some heavy weight
serum keep in mind you it's not going to
be perfect but it's going to get you way
further I guarantee you the name of the
products you're using
we're in the bottom here just because I
know we're gonna run into his problems I
closed the bottle great demo I don't
have much battery power left but we
ended up getting all the way through his
tail not in five minutes yeah not even
five minutes and look show him Tessa you
can come from the top all the way to the
bottom a battery exhausted and you can
brush straight from the top all the way
to the bottom no tangles no rats no mess
no dread that comes out here I just
threw it when the battery died all that
work I know I got to see it ya know
makes it look like we were doing
something else when Veronica didn't come
prepared I mean what are we gonna do
about that look at that you can brush
straight through it and it seriously
only took probably five minutes not even
the sub is magic and if any horse lovers
out there anyone who has horses let me
know if you want to try this product
we'll get you in contact with Tessa and
go from there pull it together I'm gonna
pull it down to about this point then
I'm gonna go a couple finger widths down
from there I'm gonna cut all that
straight across now are we saving this
arson in the city viewers today you want
to hold the bottom let's save it let's
do it oh you here guys here all thick
that is that should just show you how
long how thick his tail is
I do a couple snag cuts at the bottom
when I do snag cuts guys I don't do them
like take a lot of hair I'm just getting
those loose hairs and then make it not
look so straight and to give it more of
a jagged look your hairdresser stuff
throw you men and women will do this
every once in a while too yeah we got
ninja all cleaned up at everything and
we turned him out and we turned him out
here in a new field with the donkeys and
he has really clung to this dunking and
this donkey seems to like ninja but this
horse over here Sonny he he has he has
been the one that's been with the
donkey's he's like protector of the
donkeys and the donkey's protect him and
such and such so Sonny wasn't a big fan
of ninja mating his donkeys look at him
mmm
he's been going in he'll he'll cut in
between ninja and the donkeys and
pushing in Joe away get it unki get it
dunkey yes dos meses 81 degrees and let
me tell you feels like it I probably
look so hot and sweating nasty but it
feels good can't complain about the warm
weather cuz
I'd rather have hot weather than cold
weather we actually got five horses
washed today we got three large horses
and then two minis of her many horses
done now I am going to pick up Eliza
Eliza did you miss mommy huh
was she good for you yeah yeah you got
keys we want them but I am starving so
I'm gonna have a little bit of the slow
zhonya here from last night this can't
we keep me a shift and lock in and off
Illinois that's what amber needs to fix
her car we got to get a car fixed all
right guys we've warped ahead in time
just a little bit left Amber's after I
ate it went home gave Liza back her bed
I got myself showered I feel so much
better
got some lotion on my sunburn cuz it's
it's warm but got amber with me and we
have to go to the grocery store kids
don't have anything for lunch or
breakfast or anything like that so we
got to go get some stuff there's
literally one thing strawberries left
and they don't look very helping
look guys look who it is it's Bailey
Kroger at Kroger now looking at 9:44 at
night yeah on a school night you need to
go home and mow bed my kids are in bed I
came for donors oh he came for donuts in
the morning well made it back home but
all the groceries put away Mike found
how's that guy I'm not here to have fun
today
had fun yeah I went to Scott and helped
him move his garage so and then I took
my my Ruger and we shot some weapons and
and the kids cost a little bit and got
in trouble
Wow true story hmm yeah I wouldn't put
it past them yeah we'd have the talk
about language with the kids mm-hmm
overall fun now yeah
don't you have anything to add
everything and British Airways reported
its first commercial air crash with a
drone yeah I saw it on the news and I
was like what first commercial what do
you call the first commercial aircraft
collision with a drone my goodness
history happened today crazy all right
guys we're gonna leave it for today
thank you so much for watching and can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow now
