oh hey look guys over there hey guys
we're shooting a beta yo hey guys doing
welcome to our day we are out back
shooting a little video on this little
spring time hack video hosted by
Veronica what hi we're shoot no video oh
my goodness Veronica's finishing up the
last shot up there and it's like the Sun
is scorching hot so we're taking cover
down here under the table we're gonna
get hot down here I ever thought we're
not gonna get sunburned either you done
yet mom okay she's not done yet got ya
okay she's hot
that's a wrap good job honey good job
Collin we actually had to get oh yeah
you have more plans you do yeah we
actually had to get baby Eliza up out of
bed because she was well she was awake
hello uh hi big girl hi
all right baby Liza have fun have fun
sweetheart she can't be out too long the
Sun will burn that baby I'm telling you
it's hot what it feels good all right
Colin and I are gonna go pick up Carson
and Cameron and then we are gonna go
pick up some balloons for a little
challenge video I want to shoot and
we're gonna fly some drown my girls
daddy loves you mm-hmm like we heart
love you all right we got our crew we
got Cameron we got pollen super nice guy
hey what are you guys think about the
letter today yeah I know look I want to
show you guys something check this out
you see that covered bridge I know it's
kind of hard for you guys to see here
why don't we just get let's just get you
a better look that was pretty cool right
that is a sweet-looking covered bridge
am i right guys yeah yeah I'm glad you
got to see that
do you think we should get multicolored
or what I think we need balloons guys
these balloons because we're gonna do a
fun little challenge video tonight how
big would be that big I don't think
anyone could juggle 20 balloons is that
15 15 do 20 we need a 20 pack so
basically what we're gonna do here's a
20 pack variety we're gonna blow up all
these balloons and then each of us are
gonna take turns trying to see how many
balloons we can stay keep off off the
ground every couple seconds we're gonna
start with two balloons right in every
couple seconds we're gonna throw in
another balloon and you got to keep
trying to juggle all the balloons keep
hitting them up right and the moment one
touches the ground that's as high as you
get whoever gets the highest wins prize
that's it that's surprise the prize is
the person who wins the person who
juggles the most gets to swing at the
pinata that has something inside it
that's a good idea right the pinatas for
our activities tonight we're going crazy
man you think it was the fifth of May
look at this crowd Madison mom are you
feeding baby
yeah look at Eliza's pigtails oh my god
where's Anne duck is a duck hey we came
down for dinner which is this pepperoni
pizza lasagna all right we've had dinner
I just hung up the pinata we're about to
do a really fun challenge Madison you're
in on this right the kids we got all
these kids here plus amber amber Annika
are you guys ready for this yeah all
right
are you glad we had the prize for the
challenge
we just rapidly finished the the
challenge video it's actually starting
to get dark and you're like running out
of time
a lot harder than I thought it would be
what do you think guys yeah I was really
difficult only got four I thought I
could get more than that yeah Oh Cameron
wants to show us how to shrink wrap a
balloon to your phone so you push down
on the balloon let the air out that's
cute that's cute man
I like that that was awesome go get it
whoo good girl echo oh my goodness
you're an amazing dog echo with a
balloon oh no no echo drop it drop it
wow I did not know echo could do that of
course you know you gotta be careful
with the dog pops balloon I'll pick up
the rubber but man I didn't know she
could juggle a balloon we should put her
in the video it's been brought to my
attention that I mean it's clear we had
Sun today but I guess like my neck is
really burnt and you can see my arms are
totally bare and they're saying that
only this side of my face is burnt
see that that's because the whole time I
was outside this morning I was looking
at Veronica and the Sun was up here oh
my God look at Veronica oh my goodness
when it's the first Sun of the spring
and little patchy sunburn I feel a
little bit of bad news in order to give
you I'm reviewing the footage from what
was shot and I gotta say it's it's - I
don't know it's too noisy for my liking
I can't give it all away but on the
shots where you see any kind of darkness
supergranny
so I think we might have to reshoot that
one which is okay because that literally
didn't take very long at all yeah yeah
let's do it tomorrow in the sunshine we
got sunshine again tomorrow
lord knows I need some shelter Oh ninja
you guys you're doing that in the
morning yeah you guys should look
forward to that tomorrow first thing
veronica is gonna show you how to be
force so it's morning Veronica and amber
stayed up late last night having a
bottle of wine playing faithful 10 I
pass out on the couch I thought Veronica
would get me with this so because she
didn't I'm obligated to wake her up
scared the living crap there's a Liza
she's she's up from it but yeah I've got
a lie
starting this morning in about five
minutes so that is where we're gonna
leave you guys for today thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
