all right friends good morning to you my
first order of business today got this
packet of papers got my laptop it's time
to get my taxes finally finished oh
what's that you live in America and
don't have your taxes done yet
you've got like four days maybe see I
told you yeah
three hours later Veronica shows up we
have to kill some time because well
let's just face it some of you guys know
that doing taxes age and our blog is
like ridiculously expensive so the woman
who do my taxes is trying to get hold of
her managers so they can knock some of
the bill out because it's like really
expensive like one of the reasons I go
there is because they have this like
what do they call it it's like this
assurance package that if you get
audited they covered it for you and I
would never ever want to deal with an
IRS audit so I feel like it's kind of
worth it but I don't know starting to
reach a point where I'm like maybe I
should find like my own tax person on a
big company like that but what did
happen is we got to have a little bit of
us time
we brought me to be v-dubs is awesome in
case you don't know we call b-dubs
Buffalo Wild Wings beat up
look at this just hit our table you guys
if you go to beat ups or Buffalo Wild
Wings you've got to get the cheese curds
the cheese curds are my absolute most
favorite appetizer here and look at that
Bucky
there's a melty delicious little ball of
cheese you get this little hot dog here
so we got groped those ants huh I'm so
happy they're finally done I can't even
take it right now all right
so you'll probably notice I haven't put
anything my hair well that's because I'm
going to get my hair cut I'll see you at
home
okay MA I love you I feel like I don't
ever want to go anywhere else to get my
hair cut anymore because these guys do
such a good job and I say that every
time I come here but when someone does
good work you just keep coming back you
know all right you guys look at it thank
you
but a fresh haircut I got my taxes done
today fully finished everything's done
the sun is shining not a cloud up there
I mean I'm telling you today's a good
day and we're gonna have a fun weekend
the boys actually are spending the night
at Amanda's tonight
Veronica's cousin
so what we should get into I'm literally
just getting back home
it's 5:03 livestream starts at 5:00 a
couple minutes late and just like that
the streams over look at my after stream
chat right here I dabbed I dabbed at the
very end of the stream and they were
begging for it the whole stream and that
was the last thing I did bangie goes say
you love me seriously I'm a really
really big fan of our twitch livestreams
we have a lot of fun it's the best way
it's the best way to hang out with me if
you want to talk and like get full
interaction out of me live that's the
best way and I tell you what we have
some pretty exciting characters in there
too all right Veronica just came back
with like steaks and charcoal so I'm
gonna go outside and fire up the grill
and do my first barbecue of the season
who got this do you mean this so she got
this a1 marinade but one of you guys
where's it at right there it is one of
you guys sent this to me and I haven't
used it yet so I'm using it now Dale's
steak seasoning on a New York Strip
Veronica got me ribeye because I said in
the stream I said if my wife knows me at
all she's gonna get me a ribeye which I
know you said the rib the rib eyes
didn't look good so that's good I'm glad
you at least thought of that but but
anyways steak is getting marinated in
Dale seasoning whoever sent this to me
I'm so sorry I totally forgot your name
but this is from you and we are using it
now I gotta pull the grill out but Eliza
doesn't want me to so this little
trampoline with all this netting is the
perfect play pin for her ha Liza you
can't get out Kenya
so Daddy a trick show me trick here's
the grill hasn't been used for a minute
so we got to season this bad boy back up
there it is oh the grill season has
begun
that's that's exciting
those of you follow the channel know
that I'm a huge fan of grilling
especially with charcoal so this being
the first official grill the summer
spray
it's excited I like it got my baby girl
what are you doing you doing you gotta
be careful around here that's hot honey
come here this way yeah come on
see that's hot you don't want to get
close to that no man Oh gimme ladies if
you please they'll meet whoa good
glorious meeting oh come on ya little
says hey all right oh my gosh holy hunk
of meat and there's my Jesus my goodness
these steaks are gigantic here it is
look they're all done well they're
plated so good so we've also got lettuce
or salad cucumbers tomatoes and what
else
all potatoes just potatoes like this
baked oh yeah I'm using that when you're
excited for steak if that's one thing
you love it's steak right Carson and
camber son Cameron are staying at
Amanda's tonight Colin wanted to stay
home so we're having bro time hey echo
that scared to poo at me
there's even on my snapchat taste it in
your mouth hey that's a once-off slicer
you're probably gonna like it mommy does
this smell bad tell me is this smell bad
pop you got it on your nose
oh no what's on your fingers
she was just waving I couldn't get the
camera out fast enough wave no night
yeah hey Collin let's let's see your
eyes are your eyes bleeding not yet so
you're good
Colin's been playing since 7:00 it's
definitely about bedtimes only 10 but
Collinson here daddy got a blankie did
you cover daddy up too
we're not exploiting I heard you guys
come in my god we're ready to bowl hell
we were bowling oh yeah
lick that mouth lick it right there is
that but it's good no yeah so we full
well intended to play Wii bowling last
night I brought up playing Wii bowling
but our Wii controllers were totally
dead so we didn't get to do that and I
lay down on the couch waiting them for
them to figure out what they wanted to
do and by the time that happened I was
fast asleep so here we are good morning
thank you replay girl look at this
beautiful weather it is already warm
enough to be outside without a coat or a
sweatshirt on it's gonna be a fantastic
day so I've planned on filming something
with Veronica on the next nice day and
that is today a little spring how-to
video for planting stuff you know people
who like to plant their own flowers or
herbs or vegetables or anything like
that
so we wanted to make a video to showcase
that kind of stuff this year put down in
the comments any kind of like household
hacks or how to's because that's like a
new playlist that we're trying to
develop so household hacks and how to's
different types of things that you'd
like to see us show how to be done
around the house I think that's where
I'm gonna leave you guys for today
I'm gonna hang out with echo and throw
some frisbee come here yeah so thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here
