oh haha what's up guys say hi Liza wave
hi there you go Elijah just woke up from
her nap I am getting ready to do amber a
favor and take her daughter Madison you
guys know Madison to the library which
is a place I didn't even know still
existent yeah I gotta put the windows
down it is warm I can't even take it
legend has it you need to get a library
yep you ready yep you better buckle up
about to get literally in the grass but
I didn't even those be still existed
like think about it libraries phone
booths like we don't use this kind of
stuff anymore it's all cell phone that's
the one who disposable people may 12 all
right all right so listen we told you
guys about Carson's test progress right
just got home Collins home now Colin had
to take his test today tell me what
happened I got mice my up score was 130
and I get to pick my game tonight well
what was your score on your test today
oh I got to 455 455 when the score to
pass is 130 something yeah and you got
400 465 high five dude give me a high
five yeah I promised him he could play
video games this weekend until its eyes
bleed if he did the right thing there
Scotty
yo they're hanging up dating and drown
we're taking all these people roll into
a birthday party at the skating rink
who's ready we're already oh come on you
guys can do better than that who's right
Gus can have fun doing your thing God
are gonna go more somebuggy but I want
to take my drummer ok takes 30 minutes
to update the drones firmware ok well I
love you will see you later you got have
fines on your lap huh yeah we just got
here just getting rated me a minute to
get the boys and speeds on I wanted to
try the inline
he stood up on him I couldn't move so we
had
got my seeds on
you guys are a skate likes gay okay
let's do it we've been like I know they
were great
yeah you guys are done
my toe
my toe is bleeding wat happy birthday
hear what 11 and you are seven these are
my cousin my cousin Travis and Jessica
their girls giant birthday party at the
did you guys have fun good birthday yeah
all my phone is going to die oh it is
full on RC mode out here at scotts i
updated the drone firmware the
controller and the drone so now I have
access to these really cool intelligent
flight modes like follow me waypoint and
like course lock so I'm gonna be trying
those out right before we go look for
some mushrooms
hot dogs are done look at that mmm it's
Coney night at the everhart scott words
the mushrooms in the woods so according
to Scotty mushrooms can more easily be
found in like wooded areas right yeah
not in the middle of a field but where
there's like a wooded area with woods in
the area
so we've walked through the woods we
found some moss and some little flowers
more moss for no mushrooms we're gonna
jump across my already gonna go you guys
are doing good though you're doing good
look there's a mushroom that's a
mushroom but it's not it's not the one
we're looking for it why because you're
a fun guy oh haha thanks much all right
Scotty I gotta go no mushrooms this time
but when can we expect to see my shirt
hold this weekend to me my innocence
weekend so we should do it this weekend
right we made it back home baby lies i
picked her up from my mom that's where
she went all we went to the table party
out in the boys I let them go without
doing that homework for so there's
Sydney I'm finishing up their homework
you know what I'm not just one who made
hell more hey that's my riddle riddle
because it gives you wings and stuff but
mostly wings try them yeah I got to fly
some new features on the ground today
and the footage looked not really good
no daddy I p.m. dr horrible so we love
that's true Ron do roller skating on the
regular really know yeah Tana kids love
it right today today is the risky 14th
are you okay with your new your knee
mm-hmm I'm helping call him with his
homework I just banged his knee on
accident but Veronica's getting red go
to the horse barn so you're gonna be
gone for a while a couple hours to go
hangout room ham and get try get some of
them what it's actually warming up true
we'll save the horse for next time but
that's Colin finishes his homework he's
gonna go to bed to call him on cheat our
one night good night these two photos no
I have to bring five dollars just for
tomorrow are you serious oh no ok yeah
so that's what we're gonna end the video
for today guys as you can see i'm gonna
do some cleaning up around here before i
go to bed so that's what we're gonna
leave you for today i want to say thank
you guys always so much for hanging out
with us and we'll see you all right back
here
