I know it's Sunday it's been a very busy
week we just finished filming an epic
past couple days and yeah so so it is
Sunday and we're about to go have some
fun the temperature is a perfect 45
degrees there's still snow on the ground
and the kids have not yet fully sledded
this year hey you guys ready you ready
right how long have we had these slits
we got him last year never used him well
it's about time right yeah you ready go
sled ridin who's back there is he stuck
should we help him yeah what you think
you ready for this baby are you just
gonna bomb the hill go straight down no
I think the saucer should go first pack
it down any what's on the bottom of it
it's gonna work
what do we do we need to pack it down a
little bit we need some like oh yeah
here's my little snow angel showed up
what are you doing are you gonna play in
the snow we're gonna get this hill ready
Carson still drive and Grammy shows up
what is it about we're like hey we're
gonna go sledding at the at the hill and
everyone's like perfect
it'll be good this is the great hill
display it is it is really good new okay
let's see what I can do it didn't work
so I see oh the board isn't doing very
holy
hey good job she's a pro
Paddy's multiple passes of four-wheeler
it's not
go down we've reached the level of
acceptable
eliza went inside i thought you're
hitting that tree oh my gosh wow july
person
okay so was awesome but chase and
my dad just went out they have got
something for gram gram it's actually
from my sister from Christmas but she's
got a stall we got it stove it's from my
sister Brittany in Roman for Christmas
but we're delivering it and so Brittany
can kind of see her reaction you guys
too
we're gonna give it to her I don't know
which ways up on this box
so shall I stay back me oh my goodness
it's upside down
if does it from us it's when Brittany to
her grandmother but we're gonna be the
ones to capture it for us as you can see
it and you can see that's cool you
figured it out missing a piece that's
funny so it's uh it's a antique it's an
antique spool cabinet pretty cool good
job Brad yeah I don't think you should
be able to get out is that really the
way do you know do it
you don't know the way I'm gonna push
from the back okay
the most simple way to get someone on
stuck you got a rocking back and forth
and you got a gas on the forward let's
try again I'm not perfectly clear but it
might work who knows oh I didn't think
the night would end like this okay but
you gotta just be easy with the gas
don't floor it alright okay I can't get
on the road now tell you unstick a car
love you see you at home
oh boy okay that's fun really fun okay
let's just oh I got her
piggyback piggyback daddy Eliza did you
have fun sled riding today I know you
did
slide down your bed slide down to there
oh yes was are you ready to graduate to
a big-girl bed yeah this right here is
something she's done for so long it's
like her comfort the thing she just
pinches the blanket where do you do that
what are you gonna watch tonight Barbies
on the weekends the boys like to like
watch a movie before they go to sleep
which is what me and bronze are gonna do
because to be honest this week has been
so hectic and crazy like we haven't had
any us time if you're watching today's
video and you feel like maybe you and
your wife or girlfriend have been to
too much of this scrolling through your
newsfeed or phone or just too busy do
the same thing just checkout sit down on
the couch or go to the theater or
whatever it's been a date night watch a
movie just hang out
I'm sure she'll appreciate it once you
appreciate it what we're about to do
