looks pretty clean I want to get used to
filming on a bigger sized camera like a
more manual type of camera because I
mean I just feel like I've outgrown the
smaller like consumer camera I don't
know we'll see how today goes what I've
done is I've done a vlog like this
before with the DSLR I want to focus
more on like pretty visuals like Ben
Brown would say visual vibes I think
you're going to like it
okay so basically today is kind of like
a well it's like a workday
I got to go film these little fellows
and that little lady
you're silly you're drinking water
yeah they have to go to the citta all
right big girl bye
what you're planning nightfall my baby
you got your baby
let's just hope that the oil change life
the first brand-new we should not be
seeing a maintenance required on this
thing all right
so my dad's home usually is a home
during the day but he has this little
device that you can plug into the every
car has after a certain year there's
like a little interface that you can
plug this thing into and it tells you
what your service engine light means
that they're nice to look the reader for
your club thing the club I have a
lighter oh yeah yeah oh it's a cotton
EOS or something full of them total
number yeah you have to have it now you
okay my dad gets himself one of those
Facebook posts it actually works like we
put it on his truck it works pretty good
didn't it I'm sorry I got my wife oh boy
people running you around back then haha
okay so we just take this thing right
here we plug it in to that little port
right it's connected to this phone okay
all we got to do took this Diagnostics
button
three tubes it says nothing's wrong do
you think it's just the oil mic on your
mother's Christ marks I made down my
mother may have been right because
there's two different warning lights
there's a check engine light in a
maintenance required light which
maintenance required is probably
definitely oil change
all right now that settled I got to take
a second to just draw some attention to
this beautiful look at all these clouds
beautiful blue yonder shining sky event
concerning today we're filming with a
pretty special guest a lot of you guys
have already picked up on the fact that
now I've been working with Roman and
we've been filming together I think the
videos turn out pretty good today we
have a special guest coming into town
you might know who he is so we're in
this moment right now country and I what
do you want to do a lot we want to do to
this country wants to take a photo of
his family in case you missed it
yesterday the bike has been rescued
fully rescued she's restored runs like a
dream the bike is back dude and I saved
the baby and country wants a family
photo country's asked me to take a
family photo for his Instagram country
what's your Instagram shoutout that
Instagram right now we're going to put
it right there country underscore zero
seven okay it's going to be proud of
dude you're going to be a prime dad
right now yes sir a lot of people don't
understand I sacrificed a bike you did
but I'll take the baby to get my license
and be allowed to drive in Romans home
but I saw I got my license
now it'll come in time wonder 1000 ml do
you know yeah okay alright check this up
we got to do a couple little last-minute
here in case you've never seen the
inside twist throttle handle throttle
I'm not sure what exactly we call it but
check this out it's pretty simple really
the cable just comes up in here right up
through here into this housing the
handle literally just slides right on
and you put that cable into there super
simple I didn't think it was that easy
but it's really really kind of simple I
figured you know what I already went
this far with the fix I just got to take
it apart just a little bit and make it
perfect so country can take a ride you
ready take a ride dude oh my just take
my ride you ready right now is that mean
the bike is going to go faster no
although if you want me to try and make
it go faster I can do that
listen so right now that bike only has
one horse in it I mean like at least six
horses in it yeah you need a few horses
because it's super tame we need a wild
stallion Oh No
go
really yeah right I can't afford oh good
yo I can't believe that they still run
we'll see a burnout that kind of a me
say that that pole
you look so awesome on that bike I'm so
glad we rescued our faded man I'm
telling you I can't make that up I still
can't believe it I was stood like I was
on the phone talking to my brother my
brother's like dude I can't even believe
you jumped it and I was like I got to
get that baby you know that's all I was
focused on on that baby but I didn't
think about the bike you once made in
heaven bro absolutely
if anybody got any bikes needs any fixin
send them chase me okay so what we're
doing back here it's getting some
buttery b-roll we call b-roll there's
like cutscene type things of this school
bus
that's it that's all you do that's it
okay let's see what's going yeah start
roaming yeah wonder if you're coming in
live engines what's what happened what I
decided you guys we're going to film
today so a little something really cool
uh you know I don't want to put a label
on it so my man in the kitchen it's a
new cooking show we're coming out with
oh we're going to film nano and
witchcraft in the kitchen we share this
too yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry I left that
secretary bro I could okay with you I
could have put it in the tool caddy here
should I clean up tools
the bike
oh so we're getting everything ready a
big shoot today
what special guys going to be here any
time we should probably get this bus
calm before I get to yeah we're working
on country country's got diesel if you
don't start I'm actually going to be
really blown God are they going to work
anymore yeah yeah when you're ready for
a day and I want you guys hang out with
Veronica because she's got the cameras
he's hanging out kids up made it true it
was really bright out there um yeah
that's Colin and drum practice I'm gonna
let them continue he he's doing really
well he goes in and he warms up and then
they start on some songs Colin just kind
of picked out some songs that he likes
and Matt kind of teaches them kind of
the groove and how it goes
so yeah he's still enjoying and he still
really likes it something to some
different form to do go Oh drum practice
is over and the kids and I are going to
go to Amber's for dinner she took them
there for us tonight
Chase is not here for dinner so we're
going to join camber for dinner tonight
okay guys so the day is over we've had
such an amazing fun epic day could some
pretty crazy stuff that you've never
seen happen in a backyard before
literally the crazy stuff ever what is
this anyways Veronica was just texted me
that she needed some some wholesome cat
litter I promise you guys that a couple
uploads from now so that a couple days
ago that I would actually announce the
winner for the Xbox giveaway and
now is that time so let's just get right
to that alright and that's what's up for
grabs guys the Xbox 1x minecraft edition
500 gigabyte hard drive it's got three
games the battlefront evolved and Mortal
Kombat acts as I mentioned before the
best possible way to do this is to pick
an absolutely random comment we'll make
sure to verify that the person chosen by
the random selection is a subscriber ok
so this site right here it's a Sandra
shires as soon as you can see that
Sandra's our home if you type in like
random comment picker on Google this is
like the number one it seems to be what
a lot of youtubers use for their
giveaways so that's what we're going to
use what we have what we have to do is
just simply put our YouTube URL right in
here I know it looks a little funky on
you you just put the YouTube URL right
in there hit load comments and then
we'll see what happens so I'm going to
do this all in one go which you see me
copy which is see me copy the URL bottom
I'm going to go up to random comment
pictures I'm going to put our URL right
there and we're going to load a comment
here we go
here we go 4499 comments some are
replies some duplicates look at that 10
pages so far oh my gosh that could take
a minute while that's doing this thing I
just want to take a second again guys to
just thank you so much for all the
support you've given us over the past
what three years since we've been on
YouTube
it's just written a real blessing so
thank you from the bottom of our hearts
like I said before this is just a small
token appreciation that we can give back
to you guys I know who everyone is this
is going to have a ton of fun all it's
all done it's all done whatever is going
to win this needs to play some games
with us you want to watch something
we'll hold on we don't pick a winner for
that Xbox little girl all right so it is
populated all the comments all we have
to do is click this button that says
randomly pick a winner are you guys
ready on the count of three one two
three here we go oh my gosh it's Michael
Bagley love all your videos this style
was pretty great loved all the fails
keep up the amazing content god bless my
friends congratulations Michael dude you
saw right here that was randomly picked
comment Michael thank you so much for
your support on our channel I'm going to
reach out to you and message you on your
YouTube account so please please please
keep a close eye on your youtube comment
and I'll give you certain instructions
there to get in contact me so we can get
you this Xbox and thank you to everybody
for being a subscriber for being a part
of our family for watching our videos
the journey really only just begun guys
so don't you go anywhere if you haven't
subscribed yet hit that subscribe button
make sure you've got notifications on
hit thumbs up on this video and yeah
that's all we've got for you for this
one thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
