good afternoon everybody I just got my
hair done got it trimmed up nice and
easy more like more fun little layers
going through it now um but as you guys
don't I promise Carson that I would pick
him up from school today so that is
where I'm headed now you picked me up
early again I did are you so happy
mm-hmm you shouldn't called kick-ups
earlier well I didn't call for pickup I
wasn't gonna wait in the line I just
went in and picked you up yeah do you
want to go get a milkshake all right i
scrape down is that a yes Oh Chrissy oh
right looks good I always day to see
right on let's go I always che ones less
she let's go over here don't wait on our
food
hey love truck that is a really loud
truck cuz your hott Dogg
those are hard on ya good it's your
school but yeah there's been like why I
got this little bosco stations like a
pizza thing I taste like Rita I got what
kind of pizza does taste like so I'd saw
some cheese and pepperoni in there not
too shabby look I was hungry and didn't
want to make anything I found one of
these like lean cuisine deals in the
freezer I hope Veronica doesn't mind but
I'm totally stealing it because it's
right there and it's easy oh hey honey
hi that's not a lean cuisine it's not
know yeah that's a lean cuisine hi big
girl oh you want my food I'll go to get
you a burrito who to get you so I'm here
by myself now the girls took off to go
hang out Brittany and we've got a live
stream so I've got my favorite live
stream beverage no ad not endorsement
and we're getting ready to start however
Norman Norman hey what were you doing I
was setting up some legends vol some
funds so that people in the church up
and get all the next inflation on it
that's right because legends of Awesome
is officially launched and you guys
haven't checked out the trailer yet you
definitely need to go right up here
right air I've got it down now and check
out the trailer please limit your
feedback and definitely follow the
instructions at the end of the video and
go to the Facebook page to suggest
people and all that stuff but we have a
live stream to get to Norman you ready
ready let's do it so the stream is over
and I thought
take you guys back by where I used to
live where I grew up we're like my roots
are here in millersport I think you guys
know that Roman used to live on ninth
Street which is an expert eighth Street
which is the next street over like right
there in that red house right there I
used to live in this house right here
boom that was the house we lived in
super small and the main reason I wanted
to take you guys over here is because
I'm trying to find somewhere new to fly
and there's this place right over here
called a sweet corn festival that we
always used to play in moon with our
kids because like during the offseason
it's just there this huge fairgrounds
has nothing but like booths set up for
fairs and stuff but there's only a fair
there one time here so i thought i'd
show you guys around sweet corn festival
one
yes so basically I used to come up here
during the offseason and we'd play hide
and seek and stuff in these these booths
clearly people come up here now and
vandalize them but this is like this was
everything I looked forward to when I
was a kid like summer break the end of
summer break meant the sweet corn
festival and you get to come up here and
ride all these rides and cotton candy
and elephant ears tell me guys in the
comments what's your favorite fair food
elephant ears and funnel cakes is up
there for me what yeah that's the sweet
corn festival you look what happens to
my blades when I fly out here that is
the blood of many of flying insects
blades always get all trash from insects
what's gross dude I honestly thought I
had a little bit more time before the
Sun went down but I'm not complaining
today was beautiful finally we're
getting some good weather this whole
week is supposed to be 60s and 70s hi
really I was just looking for a good
excuse to fly the drone mm-hmm
look at the screen right it's not wet
like that's not good is it coming back
no no if you can see me right now I just
came home and set my camera in the usual
spot here on the windowsill to wash my
hand and you may have seen it fell there
into the sink and now the screen is all
white mmm i wish i could have showed you
guys the screen the screen on the back
was completely white and then it turned
to like a negative but now it's okay
seems to be okay look means you ready
seem to be ok any lawyer will tell you
that their cameras life expectancy is
well less than a year really well that's
just the nature of the beast i guess but
it seems to be okay so we'll just that
we have an update on Lindsey right I
don't think we put it on the vlog yet
and that is Lindsey went and had testing
done at the ER right here and they
determined as she does in fact have
bells palsy did I well they told her
that um she had an inflamed artery from
an infection look at and it was pinching
that nerve which caused the bells palsy
and they gave her some medicine and they
told her about three or four weeks she
should start seeing improvement Oh the
other thing I wanted to update you guys
on is last night late last night we
discovered a little red spot right there
on the carpet and it is from none other
than this frickin dog you echo
you did that yeah okay she's not a year
old yet like if my daughter started
pumping out the red you at ten months
I'd flip and go insane this dog echo the
dog is already doing that you Veronica
goes to walmart lay last night buzz what
did you buy depends or something else
adult diapers and cuts a hole in the
back of it and puts it on echo what
would you do with it we're good I did
nothing with it she woke up in the
morning and there was nothing there it
was gone listen guys that's what we're
gonna call it for today today it might
be a little short but that's okay
everything's gonna be fine we'll be back
out of tomorrow with some awesomeness my
plan is to take you guys mushroom
hunting this week because it's like
perfect I'm do that I just got to get
with Scottie because I know nothing
about it so look forward to that thank
you guys so so much for all your
positive support with the legends of
awesome trailer which is up now you can
go up there and check it out and yeah
leave your comments suggestions feedback
all that stuff I'd love to hear it so
thank you guys so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you all right back
here
tomorrow
