everything looks good to go welcome to
today's video we're going to start off
look what you're looking through right
now that is the Ronin all set up and all
its glory put the camera we get the
wireless mic we've got the monitor today
we're starting off filming a clip for
the end of the trailer that's going up
tomorrow or actually today by the time
you're seeing this to make sure you go
over and check it out I'll leave a card
right up there so you guys can click it
it's either there or there I always get
confused about that but uh yeah Veronica
is gonna be my cameraman so Veronica's
gonna be lifting that and I can't wait
to see how well that goes are you ready
honey did you workout this morning yeah
it's for a good thing haha mmm BB she's
like food ready what oh no no no no no
no no no I'm glad you're home by the way
seriously seriously it's my pleasure
don't just sit together we will find the
world with talented people oh good job
honey oh it's all blurry I know you did
great that's awesome Oh stay still and
it'll focus freeze freeze and boom
you're focused you're like a you're like
an official camera person now it could
be you are and Cameron came here to help
yeah I know how you like it and know how
you mmm she knows how I like it that's
right i see you ha ha who is it echo is
it Carson who is it who is it where's ya
what were you supposed to do veronica
was supposed to pick up her school what
is it Liza what is it more more more
more MORE oh jeez dad come on ok here
you get a big girl there's a goldfish
just for you thank you good I'll need a
handyman assistant you're coming here's
do forgive mommy I can't care where help
you cuz i want my dude I want my boy I
need my boy to be you need to learn all
these things she's must call me chicks
from his dad and you gotta keep passing
down the tradition more than how to fix
things yep come on we gotta go address a
UH all we got to do is tighten a hot and
cold water hose to a washer and hook up
a dryer vent I have no idea or dry right
well I'm gonna show you son amber what
are we gonna do what's the job we're
gonna hook up this washer and dryer
mm-hmm these hoses lean tightened up on
the swash machine okay like all over the
floor and the dryer has been on it right
so we got the drive event and the hole
for the driver is down there and if you
can see it there's a hole in the wall
right there literally a hole in the wall
straight outside Oh
there it is right there that's where it
goes out see that hole straight through
can we do it
what do you think old Carson haha good
see these houses right here that's the
water that goes into the washer red for
hot glue for cold right there hooked up
here and they've only got them finger
tightened didn't have any tools so we
just need these these old pliers right
here to tighten them up that one's
already pretty tight pretty tight yeah
what are you cooking for dinner cooking
some kind of renovation and even some
noodles is that payment for the handyman
work are you cooking some big thank you
cookin so rabbit what rabbits our first
job is done all we have left to do now
is put this vent pipe in okay typically
you need these like ear clamps they have
screw in them right and your screw
tighter and the clamp gets tighter gotta
put one in and the back of the dryer a
little collar on the back of the dryer
you got to put this on and then you got
to stretch it out and open it stretch it
out like that there's no room for it to
reach that's good into the hole reach
into the hole can see through it can you
see me down here yes
you see that collar there yeah for every
take this apart put it on like that oh
but first we missed we gotta put this on
here first now we need a screwdriver to
tighten it always remember righty tighty
lefty loosey so turn it to the right and
it'll tighten it that's the way you got
it good job Carson all right so we got
the vent hose connected there and it's
through the wall there now we just got
to push it back car see more on car see
you just gotta push it back against the
wall here hold this i plug this in okay
okay this is a scary part stand back
this is scary for all right Carson you
ready yeah
yeah yeah yeah I got you got me we got
even did it all right guess what
father-son handyman mission complete
thanks for the help buddy what are you
making it's chicken fried onions rubber
chicken french fried onion covered
chicken okay look I got six foot four
Honda on twitch right now he's hit he's
called me on his dream so that should go
here Toronto it's his birthday so you
guys should go over to six before on
this channel and just raiding his rate a
movie like Gilroy sent me happy birthday
go wish him happy birthday but yeah he
does motovlogs on youtube and just
trying to get me to come to Toronto to
get his stinky hell man would you get
Liza what do you got big girl playing
with sticks echoes playing with her ball
it's a nice day huh echo okay
Eliza you are farting are you pooping
hello is that your poo face Liza go get
it echo had to come home and let echo
out and get her some running time it's a
beautiful day look at hair look there
Liza to flower you can get the flower
looky there it's pretty huh yeah they're
all over dandelions are all over our
yard oh now that looks good thanks for
dinner amber look dinner was so good
even mama showed oh yes i did i'd come
for dinner i know i come a long ways for
dinner yeah long ways yeah yes mm-hmm
let's eat I'm hungry what do you got
your daughter's man she's your she's our
daughter this is a team effort member
look as you see this Dame here we're
breaking in Amber's new place with
accidents I guess Liza what did you do
you should tell everyone what you did
and how sorry you are she comes funny
sorry she there was a solo cup sitting
on this table with liquid in it by the
time I could reach her as she's grabbing
at sheep flung it behind her and now sir
you started chasing her and she knows
you're coming after she just run those
are arms around it's true oh don't cry
about it I didn't even I didn't even
show you guys the Amber's fully moved in
I don't think we covered that amber so
congrats this is Amber's humble abode
now all her stuff is here yeah we'll
give you a little bit to make it home
sweet home I'm sure it'll be looking
great no time but seriously thank you
for dinner it's delish
you're workin up my washer and dryer hey
no worries you got me we got you all
that where's my water out of it you
didn't cook that you play girl all right
we'll see you tomorrow so guys a bit of
exciting news Carson took some very
important tests today honey tell them to
tell him how the testing works and what
score was Oh marcin star okay tell 394
376 and what's the average 164 so Akhil
hundred twenty so wait a sec I read it
so the average scores pass is 164 points
not again yeah you have to but get but
you scored how much 376 so over 200
points above scores I every class yours
is it's the highest score nice dude hook
it up with a high five nice oh that
didn't hurt hey get that my zone get it
no but seriously good job dude that's
fantastic yeah mommy's very proud so
proud she's gonna pick you up from
school tomorrow right yes hey that time
guys call in town one good night good
night night sleep tight don't let the
bedbugs bite Carson
good night body good job on your test
today man super proud hit the rock and
Tara one good night you guys I am super
proud today I'm proud of my boys for
their achievements in school Carson in
particular for his test he took today
way above average super smart my kids
are super smart and I'm very proud of
that I'm also proud that Veronica took
the Ronin today yeah and actually filmed
an awesome clip whoo super proud of that
honey you're gonna get you're gonna be
like feel it my arms and shoulders well
you're gonna be an official cameraman
now that I know you can do it yeah I'm
also super proud that finally today we
uploaded the legends of awesome trailer
I know it's not full it's not a full
episode and it's not intended to be but
the trailer is designed to like help
pique the interest of the talented
people that we want to be out there
filming so if you guys know of anyone in
your area or anyone across all social
medias that is super talented and they
have a great story that's the type of
people were looking for and i'll leave
the link for the trailer video to
legends of awesome down in the
description as well as the legends of
awesome facebook page which is where
we're going to try and like compile
suggestions of people that we think are
good enough to be on legends of Awesome
videos and also another cool note is i
was able to capture youtube com for
Sasha legends of awesome so it's like
fully official so I'm really excited for
that although I mean I guess I could I
guess I'm kind of proud of myself too
we're finally moving forward in making
these videos which I think are going to
help so many people if our vlogs can
help people be feel inspired I know not
all of you but some people feel inspired
by our vlogs and I know that these
videos will help other people feel
inspired to do amazing things so it's
very exciting to start this alright so
without you guys this is where we are
going to set you down forward today I
want to say thank you guys so much for
all the love and support and everything
you do for us we
really do appreciate each and every
single one of you and so we will see you
every single one of you right back here
tomorrow
