hey guys what's up welcome to my month -
Monday it's Monday
admittedly starting the vlog a little
bit later in the day than I typically
would well because I've been busy
working on some some video here if you
guys recognize this fine young man that
is Genesis super awesome kid we met the
last time I was in LA but yeah I'm
working on that episode as you guys know
I said that on or before the 13th which
we're looking at the 13th we are
releasing the legends of Awesome trailer
and we're gonna start getting that that
channel going which is pretty exciting
as you can tell I haven't done much of
anything else other than shower and edit
I need to get go you guys have said you
miss fluffy lately there's fluffy
Highgate kitty say hi fluffy everyone
misses you yeah Fluffy's here guys
fluffy is just one of those lazy cats
who likes to do exactly what he's doing
right now I can tell you guys now
because by the time he sees this video
it will already have happened but Bryan
Veronica's dad had his 50th birthday his
birthday is actually today and his wife
Kathy you guys know Kathy Kathy and
Veronica I guess they've planned some
sort of surprise dinner party for him at
one of their favorite spots the local
pizza cottage so that is what we are
gonna be doing here shortly we're going
to Pisa cottage we're gonna surprise him
and hopefully he'll be surprised if you
said rain you guessed it
shocker so I didn't mention yesterday's
video but Veronica actually left early
this morning to go and take care of Kane
as some of you might know Roman and
Brittany went to New York for an award
show and Kane wanted Veronica to stay
with him so Kane is in the company of
Veronica for
night and most of tomorrow so if you
don't see her
that's why how was school yeah only one
person at the Rope one yellow today oh
really
okay are you ready for grandpa's
surprise birthday party yeah yeah are
you gonna make him a custom card yep
yeah well you better hurry up with that
homework so you can get it done hey
Kathy are you stressed much oh no I'm
just planning oh well I'm excited for
you do we have like what's a surprise
birthday party for Brian's 50th yeah
there's no clue yes all of us have
dinner we had our family dinner already
and now I've had in Buffalo and he
thinks it's just me and him going for
Keith's of a nice cottage behold my
whole family will be there his whole
family will be there except for Brittany
and Roman because they're their award
ceremony but everybody else is coming
they just got back Veronica
I just want to say I've missed you
already I have she took Eliza with her
to this morning so I've missed baby Liza
- OH
Oh careful careful careful
here here I'll put that back in there
okay okay okay so the plan is to take
this giant bag of like see the 50
decorations and get up to Pizza cottage
before he knows anything's up decorate
the whole place
I guess Cathy's gonna leave and go pick
him up Poland's got the me is it going I
guess we're gonna use this table here
for the cake the main main place for
that long time since I've set up for a
party I'm not a surprise party yes I am
excited 500 it's a big milestone Cathy
got this t-shirt for a ban and was this
funny over the hill easy-to-use zero
maintenance no batteries required never
fail hearing enhancer super-duper
acoustic booster so I guess you just yes
yes that does work but you can also yell
at people fail balloon little
decorations we gotta get the cake oh the
cake is awesome Cathy's trying to do a
decorative napkin display then you just
keep turning it there you go you got it
okay nobody's gonna like to talk you
just take the top one off now yeah there
we go
do you think that looks better
we've had the boys came to help watch
there's the step by step there's a step
Wow well boys you like grandpa's cake oh
I bet it tastes looks good
all right here you go guys so dad is a
deer hunter so there's a little hunter
with the deer in the turkey he hunts
turkey too and then he also loves the
black it did start to bleed a little bit
but he does love train so she put a
train on there and then he loves
antiques so to incorporate the antiques
she just put some antique stuff on the
last train these are pants I believe
she's like don't post up on Facebook a
possibility
sorry dad we love you this is that time
I'm going to get him go on me get him
I mean it's chase on his way that's why
I just got here and we're all
sequestered in this little room little
room with everyone
we're waiting on Brian and Kathy to show
up and Veronica's out front keeping
watch it's gonna get exciting in the
very next clip
there you go
I didn't think you're gonna do all this
Harden's men to keep this from you oh my
gosh there's so many times I started to
tell you I was at a Veronica oh I can't
tell you how is that it Veronica because
when we were talking with yeah she's my
mamma's toe dear that I was going to
order her spaghetti tonight we need
pizza and it's caught ourselves
there's lemon lemon Betty doing to you
is my dad's mom my grandma my dad's dad
is my dad's brother this here is my dad
sister you pulled it off you really had
no idea right well it's fun I mean look
we've got delicious pizza we've got a
good-looking cake and all these great
people too good-looking to cut I know
but you're definitely cutting that
because I can't wait to yeah it's gonna
yeah it's sad miles too long it was
everything I had to not go down there
but Santosh you got Liza
look look oh boy
two pieces of pizza and then Tasha just
shoulder banana house she went crazy
you know she eats camera so now there
was we were just even a very important
conversation my baby you gave them to
her well good surprise it was good you
had no idea no she got you oh yeah
now what are you gonna do for her for
everything
when she turned 16 Brian doesn't only
just like me
he loves me okay are you ready go and go
sleep come on sweetheart
oh poor baby the party is over
everyone's gone set my kids Colin are
you really sucking parmesan through a
straw you gotta stop that son that's
borderline addiction Brian
happy birthday thank you you're
officially old thank you
bye Kathy
lovely a long time of course you
actually lost where did you say the
balloons went to go Colin up to heaven
so can we in God can celebrate the
birthday with this grandpa she's leaving
us alone we just who's gonna make me
eggs in the morning you are completely
capable of making eggs I've seen you do
it before it tastes so much better when
you do it oh you do always break the
yolks make sure you come back
oh all right it's time for bed good
night I'm upstairs editing for a couple
hours and I come down for a snack pull
it up on Comedy Central and look who's
on the freakin TV right now Kofi tally
boy Logan Paul what
it's early in the morning I'm not the
bus stop with fallen nothing awake yeah
I got one more hour of sleep
oh you got one where I sleep I will say
though look at that sunrise well minus
the wires and stuff but there's non
cloudy sky hey focus on your test okay I
want you to get good positive results
he's so matter-of-fact isn't he
alright so there's my little one Carson
eating his bowl of breakfast and that is
where we are going to swiftly in today's
video why because we have many things to
get done today tomorrow's a special day
I'll tell you more about it in
tomorrow's video but for now that is
where we are gonna leave you guys for
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
