I mean what mr. groundhog you sir are a
liar well anyways good morning to you
guys I hope you're having a fantastic
start to your weekend I am starting off
with some super delicious sausage nice
hot spicy sausage I'm gonna make like a
sausage sandwich love sausage love
saying sausage sausage all right family
are we ready to go have some fun yeah
boys did you have fun over at Brittany's
last night I saw a clip of you guys
dancing that was hilarious
yeah so it's Josh and it's Josh and
Samantha's kids it's birthday party
today they're having them together
because their birthdays are what three
days apart so they haven't like come on
birthday party I'm sure they're gonna
love that later in life my gosh
so yeah basically we had to split up I
got calling back there would have call
it
we're on our way to Josh the Sam's for
the birthday party Veronica's got a
stuff at Kroger so she can get a card
and then we'll meet in the middle but
shortly after Veronica is there I gotta
go help Scott move and it's just it's
just uh we're on the move today we got a
lot of stuff to do not a lot of time to
do it 3:37 right I thought this party
started at 3 o'clock and was like trying
to get here as quick as possible
thinking oh my gosh I'm late
turns out party doesn't start til 4 so
we're on time I mean early early early
early hey there baby Lucien how dark you
baby yeah oh he's getting some he's
getting some cheek muscles there look at
him look for hanukkah's here now and
people are starting to show up like I
said it's a dual birthday party look at
these kids out here having fun with
these balloons oh hey there's Mantha
what's up man
this is my favorite nice Crocky do it do
it do it
so I just had to leave the party to go
and help Scotty and I just wanted to
stop real quick and show you good look
at this look at the snow right now this
is insane
snow for this time of year it's really
come down what's crazy is it keeps like
it'll do this for like 15 minutes 20
minutes and then it'll stop and that
would be beautiful Sun and then see what
I mean I literally drove right into the
eye of this beautiful spot there's the
snow back there beautiful sunshine
and look before I even get here that
clearing is all the way over there and
there's a new one oh it's so mushy all
right first thing we got to do when I
show up is take this big gigantic
dinosaur and take TV down these stairs
right here that big TV down those little
stairs we're gonna make it happen we can
do it in Gavin Gavin cell phone your bus
you're the strongest one here Gavin why
does the freaking you just do
that you just did all that hey Lisa it
was you and this is your house
we'll pick it up guy yeah look Scott's
going through some old stuff and I made
this Christmas photo
this was our Christmas card for 2012 I'm
telling me I made this from scratch we
did a photo shoot with the boys my
favorite part was the candy cane text
bolts note oh my goodness
look there's a younger version of
Veronica this is what it's like trying
to move in this awful cold weather wind
nasty snow stuff we guys show off this
trailer too even moving we're having to
get like 65 degrees out lists of us no
no it ain't what we came for that grill
so we can girl some food just look at
that man you guys it's pretty cool man
we just got back to Scotts with this
grill I don't know if you can see it we
got the grill out it's like 8:30 at
night and we're still planning on
grilling some food just hanging out
Lindsay are you ready to whoa oh my gosh
we got this Scotty's got this ear scoped
what do you call the ear scope hey use
another doctors office like ears we're
gonna use those ears go to look in
lindzi's two years she's got issues
lindzi's face look what happened to
Lindsay explain it Lindsay what happened
you know I went to bed Thursday night
and I woke up and lost all muscle
control on the left side of my face so
much like a stroke when you see people
who's that faces drooped you usually
have it's older people they lose all
this muscle control on one side of their
face Lindsay literally wakes up one
morning and her poor face is like locked
right basically you can't move it or
smile nothing you're gonna do tests okay
that's good figure out what's happening
right remember there's some of you
overseas who watch the vlogs who's given
like you know medical I guess advice not
professionally but like your ideas but
look into that guy's figure out help me
figure out nothing just your eyes going
a little crazy and she winks do it again
look at that lost control of my eyeball
I still love you Lindsay even though
you've got a messed-up face well let's
look inside your ear and see if we can
find check this thing out this thing's
totally legit I don't know where the
heck Scottie got this thing but it is
serious tools so there's that
I already mess with this in the car on
the way back we need this part cuz this
is the scope right this is like crazy
here
and then we need this right here look
there's the light you look down inside
this guy and you can see through there's
like dust inside that funnel but I got
to switch it to manual focus so we can
see past it like what this thing seen
let's do something don't ever
move it look up you can see her you can
you can see her
what eardrum what is it what's read know
that your drones like a clear thin
membrane is that right there that's a
hole that's a hole put your hand on
another that's pretty cool good news is
we didn't find any we didn't find any
ear mites in there and that steaks on
the grill nothing like having steak
let me see you Brad Scott it is well
that's gonna be it that's gonna be good
sure with the Shah with we just became
aware of a secret place in this house
well not a secret every house has it but
a really creepy attic Oh tooth that is a
scene of a horror movie right there
that's the sixth sense right there false
alarm guys that was nothing to be scared
of there's a whole nother freakin that
is a creepy spot to have that kind of
access to you know oh did you see that
what that thing we're just joking it's a
joke we're joking
you saw spiky stuff did you say spiky
stuff
I wouldn't let him sleep in here Lindy
oh did you oh yeah this used to be your
house when you were younger
any time your room oh my gosh out here
here really yeah in this little space
yeah when they first got married there
was I think I think how awesome is it
now that you get to live here with your
family I love it make new memories
there's so much room here like this
place is actually quite big and there
I'm super skinny look seriously oh I
didn't see about I was just gonna
anyways I want to say thank you guys for
the delicious cooked meal and so now
it's time to fuel up man I'll tell ya
after a delicious dinner there's nothing
like sitting beside a red-hot fire with
your bros that aren't sitting next to
you at all it's no one you guys should
join the fireplace because this is
fantastic
mm-hmm yeah how many of you guys have
fireplaces I'm in love
mmm-hmm I need be somewhere like that
1152 I spent some time hanging out
Scottie I feel really bad for Lindsay
man I hope you guys put Lindsay in your
prayers if you do and I just hope that
she gets through that that's gotta be
the worst stuff ever
but yeah I'm home it's late so that is
where we're gonna leave you guys for
today right up here I want to say as
always thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see each
and every one E right back here
