what's up guys welcome to my day look
we're starting out right here at my
computer station and I really feel like
I need to make an adjustment as you guys
know I do streaming on Twitch so like
when I'm doing my live streams in the
camera that that streams on Twitch it
looks like I'm like this the whole time
like looking straight up so I'm either
going to take that off of the wall the
TV mount because that's the one that
plays that shows the video game and put
it back on the desk but then I have this
mount up there so I'm like I don't know
what to do
I could totally stand to get a new desk
because I hate seeing all those wires
back there and I've had this desk for a
while I want something like I want
something like wood like a wooden desk
that's all not a corner it's all
straight that would be my perfect desk
choice but I'm trying to figure out
exactly how to configure this and I'm
thinking I take that TV right and I take
them out and drop it down to an
acceptable level
so I picked a spot
this one's just the right height steady
as a rock I think that's much better
make sure you guys tune in to my live
streams you know when they are they have
from Wednesday Friday and Sunday
Wednesday and Friday 5:00 p.m. Eastern
Sunday at 10:00 a.m. we've spent most of
the day today actually doing a lot of
cleaning laundry and sorting some toys
out of the boys room that don't even be
there anymore but yeah it's time to move
on I'll go get you I see you look at all
this mama man you've been doing that
laundry today haven't you
thank you so much for your help by the
way it was Madison wasn't here helping
don't let her live Madison you trying to
take the credit for that
yeah let me show you what the laundry
room looks like now before it was you
probably seen pictures of like mountains
of clothes as memes on Facebook that
that's our long-term look here it's it's
actually way better than it was
main focus was we had a mountain of
clothes on the table we don't have that
mountain anymore let's go
so we're getting stuff cleaned out so
that's a good thing
yeah baby you're making these this is a
cheesy ranch I'll eat it
I'll eat it love it so while they're
cooking some food here we have dinner to
go to later tonight so I'm gonna do my
livestream a little bit early amber take
over take over amber while I'm up there
it's it's the amber show now do you
Eliza oh my gosh back at it again with
the pink leggings that was a nice spin
baby girl you're like a princess
alright so the live streams over amber
did you
you did good with the vlog or what I
knew she wasn't gonna do anything this
alright you ready yeah you really
good-looking we're going to eat dinner
for Veronica's dad's birthday when does
his actual birthday
Monday and how old is he it's the big I
can say that about him guys don't really
care about their age girls you know yeah
you don't really say oh congratulations
happy birthday on their fiftieth
birthday because it kind of get a little
sense my goodness I can't think of
anything I'd rather do on such a
beautiful day
the Nancy a no you're joking this is a
beautiful day look how beautiful in it
snowing it's not snowing it's raining
absolutely we're expecting like 60 and
70s in the upcoming forecast good thing
you brought his umbrella cause it's
raining well I didn't see you since you
came home from school what's up dude you
say how does a Gladiators because
they're the ones who missed you
they're probably like where's that stud
muffin Colin dozen muffins and stud
muffin Carson thank you for inviting us
to dinner
Bryan Kathy happy birthday by the way
wait your birthday isn't today is it
Monday okay wait away we got the whole
crew here kids are back here
I was dinner good that's good loud right
loud good we tried we tried to get them
to bring out the saddle kids birthday
are you leaving me boys what did you do
doing my kids that's true that is true
put a live in her seat and I look around
and Veronica's like gone
Veronica did you go I didn't want the
boys to stroke their iPods and in this
weather so I put them in the bag until
the Lord first of all why aren't you
wearing a jacket because you're stubborn
and you don't have any answer cuz it's
Mosby's it's brain winter tell me you
guys in where those footed PJ's this
whole PJs with the feet in him I used to
wear those I'm not ashamed they were the
most common well I don't know when you
reach a certain age the feet in them
started getting really thick we're gonna
rape her her in bed so I want a small
adventure with my wife to someplace
super special totally not a horse guess
we made it to the horse barn you get rid
of the kids for a night and we find
ourselves at the horse barn is this what
romantic is when you're married see this
is an interesting dynamic because like
Veronica used to do this kind of stuff
when she was younger long before I met
her and I've never known this side of
her we see ninja a few times when we bit
together a handful she ninjas just been
so far away but now that ninjas closer
old Veronica is taking a more I guess
active role and then just care there's a
ninja right here
ninja hi there
we really look at that seriously
it's just hey pellets watered down that
looks vile oh I just want to say there's
something I find very sexy about what
you're doing here I don't know why but
it's strangely hey how you doing yep
it's the dog don't you get for some
strange reason I I feel like seeing
these donkeys should be accompanied by
the voice of Eddie Murphy right now I
don't know I'm sorry I don't mean to
offend you but you're a donkey I'm a
gosh-dang regular farmhand now I'm
eating cowboy hat get you some boots man
look I got damn boots chair damn boots
damn boots all I did was squirt some
water and some buckets
hey horses need water I'm saying honey
that was the funnest date night
outing we've ever had
covered in poo and freezing cold in the
rain and smelled like horse pee
it smelled like horse meat I'm not
joking I'm serious it's different
my passion for filming I have a passion
it's strange the dynamic it's true what
they say opposites do attract we're
doctor we left amber in charge of
keeping the house in fact while we were
at the barn
Eliza's upstairs asleep this chick is
literally made of full pot of coffee at
10:30 at night well guys it's that time
Veronica's army already beating me
upstairs to bed so that's what we're
gonna leave you for today it's fun
getting to see another side of like what
Veronica's real passions are and that's
taking care of the horse and horses so
that's kind of cool I don't know but
anyway that's we're gonna leave you guys
for today thank you so much for watching
I can't wait to see you right back here
