I think you're gonna be late I think
you're gonna be hi cutie oh really
your today is one of those days for me
where I had to like literally do most of
my morning routine in my shorts because
I didn't have any clean pants and like I
just now finally was able to put pants
on I have so much to do you guys I have
a conference call nine minutes I have to
finish my tax itemization 'he's like i
mentioned yesterday all ridiculously
tedious stuff and it's driving me nuts
hey I'm pretty strong I don't know Oh
arm-wrestle you right now no seriously
let's go right now
Oh puh-leeze that's it it's going down
we're armwrestling right now you said
you guys be the judge of who wins okay
ready can't use your other man ready
come on push honey I don't want to talk
to you I'm moving out I'm moving out
later nice knowing you
holy cow there is a monster at our
backdoor guys holy smokes
I can already hear the Thunder and I
looked at the radar and it's like it's a
big giant red dot and it's already super
windy out Carson I'm glad you're here
dude do you see the storm you did should
we go outside and watch it together okay
let's do it
we've had your home held school yeah
cool
baby Liza's having a nap let's see if
let's see if this storm wakes her up
what do you think do you think the
storms gonna wake her up
oh my gosh not anymore
I'll go those clouds dude that looks
like that's like swirling look that
cloud is totally swirling I have to do
when that storm comes
what games board games
you're silly man super super super huge
fan of thunderstorms and I can remember
one time in Florida I think that was out
like grocery shopping with my
grandparents but this massive storm
rolled in and it was a like an
electrical storm just like called him
anyways the Lightning from this storm
turned the entire sky like purple and
they were the biggest thickest lightning
strikes I had ever seen in my life that
was impressive I have really seen a
lightning storm like that fit what bag
we had to move the trampoline back here
and put pallets under it so that it
doesn't blow away it's crazy
a stuffed animal creeper really yeah so
do you
well watch out Carson hotel
alright guys it's that time as you guys
know I run a live stream on Twitch every
Wednesday Friday and Sunday and it's
currently Wednesday so at 5 p.m. which
is 16 minutes from now
we livestream Veronica and the kids
while I was streaming they went down to
mom Oz and had like some kind of rest
for dinner I wasn't having that so I
went to Wendy and they're having this
new sandwich called fresco
something-something chicken look at that
that's like lava sauce mixed with
jalapenos and some pepper jack cheese oh
that's gonna be nice and spicy this is
way harder than I thought you know we
should have we should have a nerf war
where's all your guns and stuff with the
ammo you should find it find all the
guns with the ammo come on find it Colin
you can do this you can be on my team
College yes we're gonna do target
practice so each of us has a gun right
and we got 5 shots
I set up these plastic yeah you do there
you've got these jugs we're gonna try
and shoot them down
with five shots or less all right Colin
y'all ready alright let's see what you
got one at a time we're gonna shoot five
bullets to shoot down three of those
jugs right at the end of the round
whoever shot down all of the jugs or the
most jugs is the winner all right
Collins up first go Colin Oh Oh - hi boo
and you're out sorry Carson
you're locked and loaded knock him down
dude oh that's number four homo no
Carson oh oh you hit 100 right beside it
now it's my turn to see if I can turn
things around this is my second time
shooting um if you're seeing this clip
right now it's because my new cameraman
forgot to hit record on my first okay
or to hit Oh ding is that all gonna that
kind of sucked these guns
we're not accurate enough to get us what
would you see this practice no that's
like 10 feet
we couldn't even knock down probably 10
feet away that's pretty lame Cameron
takes the cake because you're the only
one who actually hit a bottle I had two
bottles you didn't hit three or four oh
I think hearing it more actually
congratulations to you my friend you're
a basket case Liza
Thrun all your hard-earned laundry right
in your face
alright guys it's time for bed look at
the clock it says it says it says time
for the Gilroy boys to go to bed oh
there it is time for the gorg was gonna
bid and to get Roy girl yeah where are
you going where you going where you
going on break ooh
where you going my Carson Nye the night
baby girl are you are you gonna spit a
loogie or something ha she actually had
to step all night big girl big girl
because they're in bed and finally I get
a chance to go see my buddy PJ you guys
remember PJ he texted me not yesterday
the day before I was like hey man I got
a new place like his own place
previously he was living like in his
parents he was living in his parents and
finally he got himself a good job and
was able to raise enough money to get
himself a new place so that's very
exciting as a friend I want to go over
and check it out so look this is PJ's
new spa he got him a trailer you got a
heck of a deal
they stole it from you well I mean yeah
how awesome is it is to say I don't live
at home anymore yeah nobody yeah that's
good to my house well you need some
house yeah yeah we're gonna I want to
help you try and get some stuff done
barroom completely redo you know start
from scratch hey man you gotta start
somewhere
yeah it's got good bones and that's all
I needed bones bones good bones
all right bud see ya after school I love
you that's right it's morning
I I mean I came home from PJs and I
literally sat on the couch and fell
asleep so I didn't in the video that I
did at school I know you guys been
wanting to see the boys girl on the bus
again huh love you all right so they're
off to school which means it's time for
me to get the editing done I clearly
didn't do it last night so to make the
noon schedule that's what I got to do
thank you guys so much for watching and
we can't wait to see each and every one
of you right back here tomorrow
