hey guys what's up happy Tuesday I'm up
here actually uh finishing some work
it's a very busy day for me I'm trying
to finalize my dad's logo for his
company I'm sitting away all the last
final paperwork for my taxes which as
you know the deadline for taxes is April
10th I've got a conference call
scheduled and I think that's about it
but I'm pretty much almost done why
because the baby is stirring
she's totally almost a week and it's
totally not 557 hi there sleepyhead
oh hey Decco come see you lies that you
didn't sleep very long you're not
letting daddy get his unsurmountable
piles of work done yeah it's okay all
right I see all right wait when you see
the stars up there you see the stars on
the ceiling Oh Finn with Danny oh who
wants to do any kind of work when
there's a precious mother like that
ready to play you ready play like that
you won't play with penny
Eliza I just heard one of your brother's
just came in it's that time everyone's
getting home from school
hey hey Carson what's up dude you like
that shirt these are dirty diapers want
them dirty diapers dirty diapers I'm
gonna give you a dirty business
how was school bud yeah yeah good I'm
glad
Veronica's off to the store she's
picking up some stuff for dinner hey you
don't get in here
no no no no no I got an email from my
taxpro and she was like I need you to
itemize all your expenses and I was like
okay great
not very quick tasks but the boys are
home callings home you guys all ready so
Colin how was school buddy
yeah you ready to go yeah we're getting
ready to go to have some dinner the
stakes would be happening somewhere else
not here so I'm on my way to dinner you
may or may not be able to see who we're
gonna have dinner with might be a secret
yes so I'm sitting here trying to jam
out to a tray you out I don't know if
any of you guys like the band Atreyu but
when I need some high-energy music I
listen to that man for some reason my
the tracks that I had downloaded were
definitely the non radio versions of
theirs cuss words but somehow it
switched to radio version and the song
blow like totally blows radio version
here we are guys at the barn taking on
mr. ninja that's rolling like damn
embody hi humming hi mm-hmm I like this
guy's blanket the giraffe print oh yeah
back up back up
I think that he is adjusting well the
lady called me today and she's like
ninja drinks a lot of water he had to
double bucket him so he's got two
buckets of water because he does he
drinks he drinks a lot
he's got hay all on his water what's up
with that huh what's up with that it is
quite cold here we have to keep this
winter blanket on him it's it's like my
hands are numb I went around and helped
her feed she's kind of showing me the
routine and what they do and stuff like
that in case she needs help feeding or
whatever I can be here and home for feed
once the weather starts breaking we're
gonna start working him and start riding
again so you guys will get to see us
ride and stuff like that but for now
it's two stinking cold we had to make a
little Walmart trip she had to get some
stuff just some little necessity stuff I
guess that she needs around the barn I'm
going with her just to kind of get an
idea for you know getting back in that
routine and stuff it's just like
so much has changed since we I was in
the horse world a long time ago so
oh it's non-alcoholic yeah see that
Malta Goa no I do not think it's any
good if it's not now these are the
beverages we need I don't drink beer
that's nasty out there you know that's
more my flavor here is one of the
supplements are getting for some local
horses and why do they need this
inflammation of inflammation and
digestive tract at the coder for their
stomach aloe vera juice oh I'm totally
not pointing on my face aloe vera juice
for inflammation and they're good I'm
just saying how completely ridiculous I
look what
covered horsehair in minecart decade
sexy boots I bet you the bottom of my
boots worse than yours what is that does
anybody know - we'll find a faster line
well before I'm trying to but night
night now you're holding us up lady is
totally sleeping in that van
she's like oh my god hurry up I just got
home come in all the lights are on I'm
like walk out here and like it's really
in bad thing poke my head out he jumps
out and scares me
that's nice that's not half as scary as
this red car heart jacket
where'd you kid that I had this for a
long time this is my barn coat I'm
surprised you're still up super super
bleach I like it it's super dude dude
dude suck a toe again yeah totally past
my bedtime
I should have been asleep like that an
hour ago maybe at least maybe sixty five
minutes ago who's counting yeah it
definitely is bedtime so I guess this is
where we'll leave you guys for tonight
it's lunch on the way up there but I
can't reach so I'm gonna put your ass
down here tonight and we'll just see all
of you right back here
