hello welcome to Gilroy vlogs
this is Gilroy vlogs how you guys doing
I hope your Monday is fantastic and
productive you should always start the
workweek out strong super strong strong
like a liza eating all our food real
quick and sitting there wondering for
more say it say more say Wow
uh don't spin out cheese alright so uh
I'm getting ready to head to my mom's
house because she texts me and says your
grandpa needs help with the water heater
and your dad has to go to the hospital
not for anything you know for work I'm
gonna go help my grandpa I'll be back
hey just one thing you look fantastic
right now so those of you who watch the
vlogs all the time you know that I'm a
very very big fan of The Walking Dead
and last night was the season six
Nally in which they introduced the
infamous negan negan is this character
that is supposed to like completely
change the story The Walking Dead and I
have to say he did just that last night
Rick and a bunch of people they went out
to try and get to the hilltop so that
Maggie could get you know medical
attention along the way they keep
encountering groups and groups of the
Savior's incrementally getting bigger
and bigger each each turn they take and
eventually they find themselves in the
middle of the largest group of Savior's
that they have ever seen before
there they introduce me get when negan
comes out of that RV it's almost like
the entire crew have you've watched
through this whole this whole episode
this whole series really just completely
get trumped down
is incredible to see and the Walking
Dead's what I would consider the biggest
cliffhanger in TV history happened last
night so if you haven't seen it you got
to see it and I'm not like endorsing The
Walking Dead I'm just a super super huge
fan loved the
love the entire series I've watched it
from the beginning so I was just ill
like I feel like I'm invested like I
feel like I'm emotionally invested in in
this cast this group of people
and it's just really weird to see that
turn and now we have to wait till
October to find out like
what happened
it's insane we're at the hardware store
he hit me up first thing I get there
he's like yo let's go to the hardware I
just saw those trash cans and that
reminds me of well a little something
I'm working on I need to get me one of
those wait till you see this I met up
with Seth the other day at Scotty's and
we're working on something really really
cool really cool I didn't know they had
a hot water tank being thing look well
that one's $409 Allan you could have
saved 60 bucks back dude
oh yeah yeah so we get back to the house
as soon as he walks in he goes dang I
needed three elbows he only got to like
90-degree copper elbows so I just had to
run back up to the hardware
and they have like a $5 minimum there's
only like a couple bucks so I had to get
that oh yeah
just you wait y-you got to sand it why
are you seeing in the edges cumin is
that so it sticks better with solder
whatever in everything else and get the
grease off mmm I'm gonna try and get you
guys the tutorial in like putting
together these copper pipes and stuff
for these water heaters but grandpa
moves fast you can't stop him he just
goes and goes
Yola don't you make me come up there
what are you doing
damn I'm looking at you just look at it
oh oh is that is that what is that
really what's going on do it again okay
I knew you changed your tune he's young
down here jack gotta flush the toilet
yet and we're like no you can't you
cannot were you putting on it what is
that a service funnel it
I'll find the lid will figure this out
whenever the heck that is
let's see soldering flux and now he's
putting on the teflon tape so that the
threads don't leak the water on that
stud back there oh yeah oh boy grandpa's
burgers a big torch you gotta hang out
with the elders you know why because
they have a lot a lot of knowledge that
you need to absorb while they're still
around you know
it's nice to be able to I can't really
do anything but I can be here for moral
support and hey go get that make sure he
doesn't fall over but uh it's cool to
learn you know how to do this stuff it's
the moment of truth
this guy's open now we got our wait till
this about 55 gallons 55 gallons fills
up to see if these solder points have
sealed properly probably the same way
look guys so we got gas on hook
watercourses way to hell down my dad
yeah really yeah sprays die his pressure
tank move got the implied pulse and
could be could be grandpa
which ended scary every time man no I'd
go somebody that one of the doors so I'm
rather wonder because the other I heard
you what as soon as you close that door
and went to that door I snuck in and
came over here and hey and then started
moving chairs on you you're probably
like what the heck I just wanted to come
up and tell you bye cuz I gotta go I
gotta go home okay but I had to play a
little joke on you of course you did
give your honey a hug didn't kiss I will
we finished the job in the shop but
there's something going on here at my
mom's house that I didn't really tell
you guys about
I just became aware of it the other day
my parents texted me was like work go
into the bed and then they send me this
horrific picture of their poor cat we
got outside and I have to warn you this
is kind of gross looking so you might
want to cover your eyes
3 2 1 so this is buddy just flapping and
hanging and he's up he's totally hanging
this was all meat hanging out and poor
guy man yeah they think that he was cut
on something what defense something
sharp or cat man but seriously there mom
mom I had to come in and say bye to you
before I left but it looks like you're
really really busy with all that big
work so I love you
I'm going to eat okay okay I will okay
bye okay bye now I just came here for
dinner and all these leaders are sitting
around here like a donee dog-bone ma ma
ma ma ma ma how you feeling you were
sick well that's probably why you didn't
feel good don't strike you didn't rest
hey I don't blame you you look comfy
good those good chillin you know amber
puts in here every time what you put in
here you put sugar in your chili tomato
juice diced tomatoes kidney beans
hamburger and tomato juice did I say
that hey sugar
yep inter have you guys ever had sugar
in chili
I made sugar with chili chili was sugar
in it it's good bye mama good to see you
amber thanks for the chili yeah you can
come over if you want anytime anytime
you want you can come over what we can
come back here anytime sweet I'll be
back at like 12 o'clock look at what
time it is it's so totally bedtime for
the kids and I haven't even been on that
long you know what happened I go over to
my grandpa's and I'm going to help him
do like what should be an hour job maybe
my dad had already helped him get some
progress done but like you know grandpa
he likes to talk and we talk about stuff
so it took like three hours so needless
to say it's time for these boys to go to
bed person how was your how was your
first day back at school yeah your first
day back from school was it awesome or
were you missing spring break already
yeah don't worry summer breaks on the
way but that's alright eight weeks is
actually not that long
hyukoh right can you wait eight weeks
Kenya hey can you wait eight seconds
alright so I made my way down to meet up
with Amber and we're going over to her
in place to clean up but first I got
these old white t-shirts and we're gonna
use them as rag okay we got our rags
ready to go clean it's very empty right
now this is just her starter place for
now until we get her you know somewhere
else oh it's nice check this out a
little curtain overlook this bounty all
right we've got to get cleaning we got
some walls this is what chase cleans our
shower with with what well water is
sometimes it turns the shower like an
orange rust color which amber also has
well water so we're gonna see this stuff
work magic I just started recording you
just started
we're working on the shower here the
well water has turned it Orange but this
handy-dandy stuff you just went down the
walls staple it on there it'll create
like a paste in the bottom and then you
just scrub it off and it comes off how
was your shower look now guys look at
that
look it's normal color like it's not
except for the little spot right kind of
a little spot right there from where the
stupid water continues to run which
landlord is fixing but we just made an
extra thick paste and put on there too
what is soaked so but yeah if anyone has
hard water problems and hard water
staining anything in their house this
stuff right here it's getting late but
we've still a bunch of stuff to do
so that's what we're gonna end it for
tonight
I'll leave you guys right here and we'll
just see all of you right back here
tomorrow
