geez out here looks at the blades for
the mower yeah sure man the mower blades
you see if you like em no I'm good
yes really hmm you keep your sharp
objects to yourself all right so this is
what an infamous tech room looks like we
got our sand our saddle and our little
stuffs over here and I'm gonna help the
girl organize all this here soon but
she's just got all the winter blankets
still out and everything which winter
came spring came no winters back so it's
hard to tell what blankets these guys
are gonna need for now so but mom
decided she was going to lock the keys
in the truck Jay made it back to unlock
the truck for us thank you appreciate it
we're sitting here brushing and Joe he
took the Tessa's blanket off of him when
brought our own but look at all this
hair that's coming off of him and plus
like all the horses are kind of confused
right now because it was warm and then
it's cold and back and forth back and
forth
oh my gosh so we're gonna keep the
blanket on him keep him warm and I'll
help some of this hair come out too
we put his blanket on him he looks good
in blue dishwasher
hyemi an ordinary echo we smell smut or
spoopy on me we don't want that covered
cover the horsehair mommy needs a shower
yeah okay so you guys are going to a
birthday party yeah all right we'll have
fun okay I am staying I'm going solo you
always going solo I gotta go help
Scottie for a little bit move some stuff
to get in his new house but I haven't
even had a shower yet look at me I look
like I'm looking like I just woke up
literally let's see if we can change
this real quick all right let's get it
well you guys look at this day it's such
a beautiful day huge contrast between
what we had yesterday and I wanted to
show you guys while I'm on my way over
to help Scottie I did catch a clip of
what I was up to on Friday for April
Fool's if just just check it out all
right so you guys probably noticed that
I had to get away for a little while and
do a secret mission well I'm here now in
Cincinnati and finally I can show you
guys what we're up to check this out
so so this is roadies truck you know
roadie just got this truck not too long
ago and he's super super proud of it
wolterman hun sucker pulled off this
insanely crazy idea to take roadies
truck into this shop and wrap it with
the most ridiculous wrap I have ever
seen in my life so that's what we're
filming today how mad would you be that
your junk was literally plastered on
your own vehicle it looks big though it
does finishing up all the last-minute
details what's your name Brice wreck
rice rice rice this is Brice from Spade
he's done already
he did the creative on this I gotta say
man keeps it on here for months
yeah so as you've probably seen by now
the plan is the rapidly but with the
wraps be done today
we're gonna get some auxilary footage
and then the last day of the premieres
the tour in Chicago we all are driving
the truck to Chicago to reveal it to
Dennis on stage live and you've probably
already seen that by now but very very
exciting
so that is freaking hilarious right
listen I got Dennis on the phone right
now Dennis how did that go for you I
didn't know what to expect at first and
then when I saw my Eric on the stream
and Mike talking I know but what this
was going I was so mad cuz I thought
they teamed up with Robin and Batali's
or something to prank me and I was like
my friends backstab me and team up with
Roman and Battaglia to prank me and I
was so mad about that oh I want to break
them like why would my friends you know
and then and then I saw much truck it
was wrapped and I was wearing that
freaking underwear when she was so
embarrassed of a live audience
oh my god I don't know that that has to
make it like ten times worse that you
got to see all those people live in
front of you my truck my truck my
freaking truck I love that show and then
it's covered in ponies and unicorns and
fighting me the shot that was masked I
thought my friends like teamed up with
rowing of Italia to pick it and then
after everything calmed down I saw about
that
no my friends just pranked me in the end
Tina was a minute a lady
they just came with everything is over
the Tali were like hell yeah let's do it
and you know I have to I did I did some
of that magic camera work you know all
right I just
oh wow that's right I forgot you got
three kids and a wife babies so good
video you sounded great can't believe it
my truck is wrapped right now with
ponies and unicorns and might be found
where I can't believe that they're
driving it around right now from Chicago
today they're driving my truck with
everyone take pictures of that truck and
then everywhere my freakin space in
underwear oh my god Frank deserves some
hellacious payback so is totally gonna
get some payback you and I need to get
off while I talk about that and man they
got me good good
hey you guys filmed it and you guys are
behind it because because I was like
well I'm better embraced this one I want
to make this video go up on the house
you prank for sure yeah on that note you
guys definitely need to I'll leave a
link in the description for you guys to
go check out this video very funny
no prank like it I've seen really damn
good so yeah I'm here at Scotty's and
wow man that that prank was epic I
really wish I could have gone to Chicago
but a few things prevent me from going
and I'm really bummed out I didn't go
but you know what there's next time
Scott what this so this is your new
house this is your new living room
Lindsey are you guys excited or what
like this is epic it's way bigger than
your other house
yeah they've got a nice upstairs with
three bedrooms up there in a bathroom
this level that's got a bathroom in the
kitchen and this is where we were at
when Jason and Stephanie were in town
from New York right this bedroom here
this will be your bedroom right the
master light and this bathroom I mean
this place is huge
it's awesome awesome awesome anything so
there this is actually Lindsey's mom's
house and they're in the process is
still moving all their stuff out and I
guess they're living down the street
away so this summer when we come to hang
out with fountain Lindsey this is where
we're going man look they got pool big
giant Hill I'm gonna we're gonna groom
that path there next winter that's gonna
be right yeah you can sled down it
totally it's awesome dude
I'm happy for you did you find any
cheese did I do that
Wow oh my gosh dude that is insane
do please tell me you guys know what
this is this is freakin Merkel dude 1991
Deever call Family Matters 91 kids the
original Cabbage Patch Kid
I'm trying to get it for you
what do you just put it on the ground
for huh we're done did it check it out
it's loaded well kind of
you know what's crazy too is where where
they're moving to is right there
literally that house right there I have
to hurry up and finish this because
we're going to dinner at Bob and
Amanda's I love being out here in the
country this is like this is the
chillest place to be Scotty
I can't wait till you're fully moved in
next weekend right this would be awesome
we should have a party I got to go to
dinner you just tried to squeeze my hand
you don't do that when you high-five
there's no squeezing there's none of
that we don't bite it now I know I'll
see you soon
I gotta go to dinner now I'm literally
rolling into dinner 30 minutes late hey
guys sorry I'm late
hi family hey big girl Bob honey
Carson Colin Marlin Amanda remote what's
for dinner guys chicken parmesan
breadsticks noodles tell me the dog
tricks
really start the timer say Bob manda
thank you for dinner
it was delicious we'll be over soon take
that good food coming that exciting time
of the night where we need to get these
guys ready for school again that's right
spring break this over what's your
thoughts about Spring Break being over
hmm my thoughts exactly
Carson your thoughts on Spring Break
over back then
I know it's 8:30 4:00 p.m. we have
exactly 26 minutes to get the kids in
bed before the season finale of The
Walking Dead comes on this is very if I
can get these kids up and out and a half
hour in the morning I can do it to bed
here we go let's go in the shower come
on I'm trying to show you guys they
painted Eliza's nails today what'd she
say she's ready for sleep she don't want
love you love you Liza alright guys it's
that time we made it man
8:57 time for The Walking Dead but
listen did you have a fun summer very
room sorry Spring Break yeah we're
totally doing something insanely awesome
for summer break yes say no night to
everyone Carson this is happening I have
mixed emotions actually like I'm excited
to see the last you know the finale it's
a 90-minute special episode but then
that's that's it on my favorite show
until October Wow if you didn't see The
Walking Dead oh my gosh you have to have
to watch it
negan that's all I can say wow that was
intense
alright guys so that's what we're gonna
leave you for today the kids go back to
school tomorrow so we need to get some
sleep ready to wake up early and back to
some kind of you know some kind of
normalcy I want to thank you guys so
much for watching and we can't as always
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here
