what's up guys welcome to our day we're
starting off with some classic zombie
dude we totally died in this thing I
don't remember it being this hard I hate
playing the 360 for this reason like I'm
so used to the wand but welcome to our
day hope you guys had a fantastic April
Fool's Day yeah
hello I don't scare me Branka see I was
on top secret mission yesterday and
Broncos in charge of taking care of some
April Fools pranks and she got the
serial one and they got the silly string
I was hoping you had you showed me some
epic it's okay it's okay honey
well we'll get a prank week go on
sometime soon yeah but seriously epic I
have some really good ideas for the next
prank we taking me a while to develop
one of them but when you see it you're
gonna do need your sugar ninja well I
heard Scott and Lindsay they are in the
process of getting ready to move and
they need our help but we can't go over
there till a little later
I think Cathy's on her way over she's
texting said she wanted to stop by so I
do have a little surprised her so we
gotta wait for her to come over all
right guys look who showed up it's Cathy
how's everything great great yeah really
great now now listen here's why we're so
excited we get to rave about something
really cool and as you guys know Cathy
went recently on a trip to Barbados with
her church group and they went on a
mission trip and everything was
successful and awesome except for the
trip home so what happened on your trip
home and fortunately our flight coming
into Barbados was delayed and we got
delayed there by an hour and a half
which meant when we got to Atlanta to
catch our flight home to Columbus we got
stuck
Lanna Airport for the evening and there
were no hotel rooms and let's just say
the airport floor is not a comfortable
place naturally that presents a
situation where you would like you would
complain to Delta about the experience
about the delay and about the hassles in
the inconvenience so fortunately I was
approached by a company called service
they have a website it's get service
calm they also have an app available
I'll link to it down in the description
below basically what service does is
they act as a liaison between you the
person who has the proper you rather
yeah the person has a problem and the
business who created the problem what we
had to do was go to this website here
right and you put in the type of company
and this is where we entered Delta at
that point service assigns us
personalized representative who works on
the case exclusively with you it's like
pulling teeth if you have to deal with
their customer service representatives
and no one's good ain't nobody got time
for that
amen so basically what service does is
you will tell them your problem and then
your representative will deal with the
company directly and you don't ever have
to like you don't ever have to talk with
anyone from the company every bit of
that is free to you like it costs you
nothing the service company doesn't take
a bit of the compensation that you
receive they don't try and tackle or
keep any of your information and sell it
to other companies like it's all 100%
free I don't know if you guys know the
specifics but they were traveling with
20 to 22 people yes went on this trip 22
total people we've we were able to get
them compensation in the form of a gift
card for every single person in their
trip the fact that you know I work full
time I don't have time to mess with this
kind of garbage so it was really nice to
be able to have somebody deal with it
and you know get some compensation for
you know what was a very uncomfortable
evening and you know set it right for
all of us and it's nice that you know
nobody in my group had to deal with it
we did just
put it in the service sands and let them
take care of it and they did they took
care of it for us yeah that was really
cool that's really cool and I'm glad
that they were able to help you out
matter of fact Cathy said that some not
all are going to be doing something
special with their compensation yeah
the missionary that we went down and
worked with um you know they're always
in need of money they're trying to get
their campus together so we a few of us
I know I'm definitely doing it we can
apply this this money to an American
Express card so I'm just gonna give that
money on over to the mission and let
them use it to further help the
missionary down there cuz it was really
money that I wasn't expecting I'm very
thankful to get but you know I figure it
can be put to good use and pay it
forward again so you know it's great I
think that's fantastic well you guys if
you ever have problems with a business
or a company that's done you wrong in
some way
don't try and tackle it yourself I mean
you're usually you certainly can but
there is a service very cleverly named
service that will help take care of
everything for you so you don't have to
waste your time click the link in the
description check them out and let me
know in the comments if you use them how
how the experience went yeah I recommend
it
cathy recommends it Cathy's visit was a
short one she's since left and look how
quickly the weather turned on us there's
totally rain I might be able to see
better out this window no I can't
I can't deal with the spring weather so
much rain Anastos do you see all those
winds look at this tree dancing all
those trees out there dancing ah miss
jinkx
yeah Veronica actually she maybe not put
it in yesterday's video but as she was
at the park and her mom's karaoke she
also was inspired to karaoke that's
right so on film
I have Veronica karaoke but I wasn't
born in what that would be considered a
drink yes is that giant peach apple
juicy juices hey guys look what I made
tell me this doesn't look super
delicious
nice big salad with banana peppers and
green olives chicken then I got some
mozzarella her I'm sorry mild cheddar
jack cheese on there with some ranch
dressing mmm
whoa
holy cow
look at the side of the car here let me
zoom in it's like plastered with ice
dude this is nuts and 20 minutes later
we find a beautiful break
I'm telling you Ohio weather is the
Buddha stuff ever and the boys are on
our way to Scotty's
so Scott has a coconut and we're gonna
try and crack it the easiest way
possible what is your suggestion what do
you think is the best
well I have a machete I had 12 gauge
I have aluminum ball bats oh let's try a
hammer
Oh God's just gonna listen just hit it a
few times like spin it around and hit it
around the center line nice and nice and
forceful it's crack right there I don't
have a soft rag to boom-boom there's
already a creek there's another nut
inside of this nut oh my gosh what the
heck is that is that like a flippin
dinosaur egg bro what I think you may
have a rotten coconut there's so yeah
doctor oh my gosh he totally missed
looking looking puncture that thing dude
saw wait
it looks like coconut Italy it holds a
snowman like you get drunk off of it oh
yeah that's that's a bad coconut dude
yeah look at this I was able to cut the
actual coconut the whole tyre entire
thing out of the show and you open it up
and look inside there there's like fuzz
man mold totally a bad coconut bro I'm
holding it
yeah who just showed up I'm glad you
made it hi it's super windy out there I
was afraid you the Jeep would tip over
we're standing here in the kitchen
literally watching there's team
pranksters yeah I think he likes it Oh
No be careful all I need is this screw
that goes right here right here yeah we
need to get like a really cool RC truck
unless there's a car that's really thing
a truck would be yeah this thing is
awesome it's four-wheel driving I want
one so I can put a GoPro on it or the
gimbal mount for that handheld gimbal I
got gonna be sick
I bet if I just put a freakin yeah hold
it yeah just like a paper clip
hold it
bring them again
you about
yeah we had to turn on that heater
because it's super super cold out did
that
nice battery charge I think it is
charged oh yeah that's why I quit
driving it but not it's probably not a
hundred percent we're gonna drive it oh
we love I'm it don't be afraid Seth be
afraid oh yeah mm-hmm
listen listen old airsoft gun you know
what I saw an airsoft video listen that
you guys I saw an airsoft competition
was like military-style airsoft right
and they had like electronic point
systems and everything awesome right we
should find that course and go do it
who's with me
just don't get ya an ar-15 mixed up in
the batch of aerosol of course yeah but
no over this serious serious airsoft man
these guys are serious I want to do it
do you wear that paintball I want to do
paintball - I wanna do paintball courses
summer spring soon as the nice nest next
nice day is we're going hey boy does
airsoft hurt worse than or less than
well I don't know
cuz they make it sound Pleasant they get
flyer saw people I forgot to say we we
want to drive this truck right but the
remote control runs on flipping eight
batteries in there and they're all dead
all of them dead so yeah it's hard
enough finding two totally batteries a
little don't like them best when they're
sleeping
oh you can see her too but we just
rolled through the local drive-through
pizza pickup spot how many places do you
know have dried through drive-thrus
always we gotta go home I know you're
never ready when there's four screaming
zombies involved
let's go Seth good to see you man
a pleasure to see you obsessed going
home from here yes Scotty love you
Lindsey I love you too I'll just get
home alone xxx baby Liza came in went
straight to bed perfectly right to get
those PJs on kids get those pieces do
you miss us live Liza no Carson love you
bud
Oh
echo you gotta go outside it's super
cold I'm telling you you don't want to
be out there for long
yeah for sure yeah I jump neither it's
gonna be cold outside
go go don't daddy pig
all right guys so the kids are in bed
that is that is the extent of our day
the weather's kind of keeping us inside
these days it really sucks but you know
what do you do soon enough we'll be
outside in the sunshine enjoying the
weather the beautiful sun rays no wind
hello's you join the live stream today
thank you so much for joining us I also
want to say if you if you'd like to see
the live streams you can always catch
those videos on demand on my twitch
channel the link is in the description
below yeah so thank you guys so much for
watching we can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
