what am i doing in the sea I'm supposed
to be this okay so your mom I gotta go
to Matthews pizza then we're gonna go to
Brittany's and have fun okay
see you guys later hi guys what are you
going to be a pawn I want to get what I
always get very teeny potato boat mean
some dr. pepper
I think I'm going to get potato boats as
well share was the okay and then
probably just the little C so Paula I
are here person ended up going to a
friend's office today and she doesn't
understand the little one-on-one time
with online and we didn't know get new
shoes today got a haircut today but
these please remove it on clothes and
close it I'm going to use expensive oh
yeah we want everyone green blue
some favorite what birthday is coming up
and the food comes out I'm like feeding
me to come for you or you just come up
anything pick it up and eat it
like oh yeah you are going to be ten
years old you'll need mommy to cut your
food anymore
further spend the night at a friend's so
you wanted to spend the night somewhere
so Brittany and he's gonna go stay in a
pretty boy and Brittany got word that we
were one Damascus be stuff so she's like
I'm going to bring me something back so
I think we've got plenty of food to take
back some pieces to six and salad call
me dr. I King can carry it all out sure
we right
where are we going oh we're gonna go see
daddy and Britney's house oh she's just
be nice yeah she's already even she's
like Drita and Duggan looking a little
baby Cora and little Moby Wrap
here you got Lionel ischium big already
and she talkin to you and she's Megan is
the windows up there hmm
sometimes pass or someone with Liza we
change traffic jammies and we're sick
you're watching a movie and it pretty is
timing it be before two please hey ray
go home I'm gonna make your Liza take
her home with you
take her home you know bring it on baby
Thank You Whoopi movie Oh another guy
right there
I'm in it when we got here yeah hey
movie monir and rap go to sleep you're
gonna get her this way oh yeah make her
go sleep Lizzy she's a z21 Liza go to
bed she has to have all of her babies
not one not two not three but all of
them she's free she's pretty used to
putting babies complete
boy what a day it's been guys it's been
such a fun amazing day and my part of it
you have really seen on our vlog anyways
actually most of the day you know
hanging out from in a country and just
having another super crazy one you
probably already seen the video already
Wow
I thought it would be a really fun
change to send the camera with Veronica
been a while since Veronica how to take
over so to speak again late
Carson spent the night away : as well I
think it's time to just skip to the good
part you know yes the best part of
waking up what else did you think I
meant yeah it is morning and wouldn't
you figure in Ohio we have those ring
meetings it's a rainy one we got to do
something cool today one thing we may do
is try and fish that bike out pond
poor thing for country man yeah we
focused a lot of our energy yesterday as
well in my perspective on creating
something really cool for country and
boy did he love it oh my gosh with
valaria I mean we had an absolute blast
yesterday filming and you know I I sent
the camera with Veronica so that we
could focus on on creating a really cool
video something something really
different from the normal and this is
something that we've been working on for
a while we may be seeing a lot more of
that in the future and and yeah I mean I
guess today kind of serves is like a
really short chillax
you know kind of random I yeah it is
just a short video I did have something
else scheduled for today but
sponsorships can be tricky it's funny
hard to explain but also funny I hope
you've had an amazing weekend we're
going to just keep rolling just going to
keep going with the punches I can't wait
until the next up look guys again the
Xbox giveaway is right around the corner
if you haven't done
so yet I want you to go right up there
click that video link go watch it leave
your comments
the next upload is going to be the
announcement of the Xbox giveaway so
good luck to all you guys that's all
I've got for you today I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
