hey guys good morning we are starting
our day out with some fresh berries and
the no.1 and yogurt : you can't yell at
her he's trying to get all the Domino's
picked up and she keeps her on him I'll
get your belly full and recruiting me
over to work out I had to go while I was
away to get my my driver's license
because as you know it was expired look
I have my picture it is so epic look at
my face
you like yeah I went straight cheese I
didn't want to be the guy who does like
straight face at the camera no that's
not me what's wrong baby man when you
stay up past her naptime she is always
very very good but right now you see
Eliza in her rarest form
poor baby let's see if we can see that
tooth Liza okay
she's like don't put your fingers in my
intro day your tooth Liza you see it
right there can you guys see it there's
no light no I don't want you to do that
it's there she's got a snot nose again
I'm gonna assume it's because of the
teething and look I went upstairs to try
and layer down and I don't know if you
can see it but I know snot all over me
it's one of the worst parts of being a
parent is your kids will spit on you
they'll throw up on you they'll snot all
over
you have to be prepared for that I'm
prepared for that person don't snot on
me for all things hold it please don't
snot on me I'm not alright I'm just I'm
just checking here's my shirt change I
want to show you guys the the weather
that's about the hips check this out
jeez there's a lot of red and yellows
they were calling for severe
thunderstorms tonight so what yeah let's
see it oh look that's that bird's nest I
was in the garage remember that guys
they're trying to build another one that
one out there is the one that was up
there tell me what you got well they're
doing Liza do you like that house weird
huh okay
don't don't throw them into the fans
I don't those are my feet lies it's
rainin you gotta get all the rain
it's totally raining so you see the
raindrops
there yeah that's enough Briella larvae
man today's brothers really forced us
inside what do you think about this
weather I wish it was just bright
beautiful sunshine all day every day we
could just move to California yeah we're
gonna move to California come on guys
pack your bags we're moving to
California
shut up boys we got all these boys here
to do fully constructed things but while
we're cleaning up I want to show you
guys something that I thought was really
cool about the kid the old milk jug
right watch this
here we go oh that was a big super huge
fail it does stink
get it off me all right watch daddy bomb
this ball we're gonna watch out for the
poo behind you we got a scrape up the
poo back here get my outfit right
right so we found this football we're
out here throwing it and the boys found
the mitt like the baseball mitt we're
out here gonna throw some baseball too
and I just wanted to say like how cool
it is to be able to have Cameron around
who's like super into sports to help
motivate the boys and tell them the
sports is cool that makes them want to
do stuff right but I like tackle
football right yeah never all right the
next round of storms is coming in we
should probably wrap this up guys let's
go get some food you know here's the
weird thing about Ohio is that I
literally came inside had enough time to
use the restroom and the storm is fully
passed it was in and out we should be
able to see a big rainbow well no
rainbow yet there's a fair amount of
light but we need like more Sun clear
skies to get that rainbow it would be
here but it's not there all right so
guys the rain washes out for the rest of
the day but we're getting really excited
because it is about to roll over the
clocks to April first and we are gonna
sit here I'm staying up late tonight to
watch this movie again right there on
that couch with all these guys I don't
know if all that Carson and Colin watch
it well girls yeah I'm really excited
for the movie I think you guys should be
too you should definitely go and
download it on iTunes it's also
available in the Google Play Store and
yes I'm helping my dates promote that
movie because it's such an epic thing
like working on this movie for them has
to be the culmination of everything that
they've dreamed that really and it's
really cool to see that happen for them
so guys I'm totally proud of you
tomorrow I have to leave early in the
morning for a secret mission and it is
April Fool's Day so I hope you guys are
getting your April Fool's in wrong is
actually in charge of the April foolery
around here until I get back so thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see each and every one of
you right back here
