good morning everyone welcome to our day
I want to apologize for not uploading
yesterday it was just like a weird day
for me
you ever have a feeling like need to
check yourself that's what that was from
yesterday I did film yesterday and I
don't want you guys to miss out the the
way we started yesterday's vlog was
actually quite hilarious so I'm gonna
flashback to that right now look at this
right in our garage you guys see last
time flash II brought something back it
was a it was a mouse and I don't know
where he got it oh my gosh this thing's
still alive
hey snakes oh my goodness so you have to
admit that was pretty funny chasing you
around his name what was going through
your head when I was chasing you with a
snake I don't like snakes like I don't
like them you even said you were having
like a mini heart attack like my heart
raced for a couple hours after that
feeling will have to remember that in
the future Veronica is very terrified of
snakes
miss Eliza you like the weather it is
nice today
very nice some bubbles big girl you
won't blow some bubbles I'll tell you
what I actually found this remember when
we got this little mini copter I found
it
we had like put it in a box somewhere
and I found it today and I want to try
and see if I can fly it it's kind of
windy though
really
it's actually flying well the wind got
it
this thing is so light the wind just
literally takes it it's the batteries
keeping up with it but I don't know it's
probably too windy for this where's
Carson come on baby come on Monica
totally missed it but I took the thing
up way up it got way up in the air and
then flew over here and over off to
these little apartments over here I
retrieved it this thank goodness but
look at Echo on these bubbles get those
bubbles that go that is hilarious
get'em echo
thirteen lies are in the trampoline
messy hi you can't see on camera
but Liza's hair is blowing in the wind
who is it is I'm afraid to touch her I
feel like I'm going to shock you
probably will there we go start learning
how to do back flips oh I know at this
point you're probably wondering like
where the boys the boys are down at mom
all's anxiously awaiting the return of
Cameron and Madison they went away for
the Easter holiday week to spend some
time with her sister that's why we're
just chilling with the o-line eyes and I
are going on a walk later here we going
to walk huh whoo we got out there's a
little stroller this time
you came down the mall on ahead of my
mom my mom all my highlighter we came
down to just take a walk and intrude but
VP and go3 go home take nap bye good bye
bye bye time bye I forgot to vlog again
guys I'm sorry but now I'm out I took
Eliza home laid her down for a nap she's
napping chase had the livestream so he
sent me with you guys and we are here
with Amber Morgan that's the good old
Kroger you got to get something for
dinner and we need diapers for Eliza
toothbrush toothpaste and soap and uh oh
I love the door we mean all that kind of
stuff that's and lunch me and then I I
spotted these
they're prison and then they have the
pretzel buns we're going to reeled out
hamburgers one day it's a bigger we get
the pretzel buns I don't need to know
what I mean
we have everything amber you got
everything I think she came to
everything my lip she came in with a
list I never have a list so if not I'll
be back tomorrow come on oh we haven't
ate all the pizza have you
some new tonight done in twos Pizza I
have never had their boots in so see
what it's like amber says it's good it's
one of her old favorites from her
childhood when she lived here way back
in the day
right
cases live streaming and you say hi to
the blog oh there's getting whipped oh
my god see these guys are the real hard
board look look look hard for gladiators
ring I gotta go guys
you're almost I'll be down
what's a long little strips and one cut
down the middle rectangles you know
we're sitting here I'm miles from Port
havin dinner I look at my coat can and
there's a huge spider hairy spider
crawling on it freaked out mom trapped
it underneath out of cans as big as that
are you gonna kill it all so right there
and I'll back away
see that big see that big spider it's an
almost as big as a fly I don't care
don't like spiders and it was my talk in
like what if I would have picked it up
and took a drink
oh no I can't deal with this stuff chase
the Jeep to bring down and here he comes
on the skateboard company hey I'm ready
there's pizza watch out for the spiders
big furry one was attempting the ramp
oh that speed Oh we'll see the pond over
here this little pond needs some work
yeah check it out looky looky I love how
she holds my hand Oh baby down about
being a dad it's like your kids are so
wide-eyed and they wonder about
everything like that they're
experiencing the entire world for the
first time like this
you've never been on a ramp like that
hon Liza and the point is like it's your
job to show them those things and they
remember those experiences because of
you I think that's just awesome hon Liza
good job Liza what is that the big tree
hmm
see that's what I'm talking about like
things you take for granted grass
branches leaves trees bushes ponds water
chairs everything like everything they
experience they're experiencing for the
first time by your influence you the
parent and that's so awesome it's an
honor Liza yeah yeah it's an honor big
girl
hi mom oh I'm glad you're feeling better
good very good
see ya amber Oh
my new favorite things
skating down we need to remember that
did we get that on the blog yeah oh that
was such a funny moment look at the boys
artwork can any of you guess who that is
wait don't say yeah can anyone guess
that character
all right Carson it's tied by its toy
Bonnie it's pretty good dude who's this
nightmare that's good artwork come on
dude get it hmm wait you said brick
right he said brick okay a good job done
that was not a swish all right we're
trying this trick shot again
what do you think of that dude high five
for daddy's trickshot whoo-wee
that's cool no let's see you make a
basket from there shoot it
nice dude
whoo get some last minute running out of
this girl you wanna throw up yeah
HECO loves chasing that ball man
I just had to take baby Liza and put her
up in bed you guys would be proud to
know that she just tonight we discovered
she's pushed through her first tooth
it's on the bottom I wanted to show you
but she was very very mad and crying so
she wanted to go to bed it's definitely
her bedtime it's 9 o'clock but I'm down
here working on some promotional
material for the website you guys get to
be the first to know that the t-shirts
on the site are now $14.99 for the next
week I think we'll in the promotion
probably Thursday of next week just to
help move inventory as we work on some
new designs to bring into the store very
excited about that so guys go check out
cam 15 Mediacom Fort slash merch and get
you some new t-shirts I'm sitting here
working on stuff these girls walk in
from my night walk
meanwhile I'm in here eating recent
spent bar eggs come on you guys you're
making me look bad you guys are trying
to lose me right I'm trying to gain
weight let's see who can make the most
progress in 60 days
full loaning I've been trying to gain
weight for years in years oh my gosh are
you committing right now is that what
you're doing your committee are you
committing a 60 day challenge no I'm
saying like a 60 day challenge alright
we've reached a point and I or with
throwin diapers I think that's a pretty
time to call it you guys we've had fun
today right the kids the kids were
outside it was beautiful dodging diapers
man I'm going to convince these girls to
do a 60 day challenge and we're gonna
get back in the proper shake right quick
this is where I'm gonna leave you guys
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching we really do
appreciate you and we can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here
