oh my gosh guys so I was cleaning out
the living room here and miss Liza were
you doing are you hiding from me will
you've got in your bucket
what do you got in your bucket she I
must have left the baby powder
open last time I changed her diaper not
realizing it and I come out and you can
see here
she's got baby powder all over the floor
it's still open she's got her bucket
full of it look at you
whoops she's got it all over her what's
in there what is it oh there you go just
dump it out oh my gosh
oh is it is it on your foot look you
gonna powder Oh Lord of carpet this most
good T's on me well I guess it's time
for a bath yeah I need it back now don't
ya let's close this back up up here oh
wait go Liza look I know I make you
sneeze echo what is that
Ankita I'm getting cuter
you got like white hair okay I guess
it's time to clean up the mess why is it
you're gonna help me clean up ready
let's sit on the table oh I don't know
baby from ether it's break listen you
guys space last night
oh you've seen tomorrow oh yeah you did
Liza's her Colin's just realizing that
Liza has powder all over her she's got
the bucket on her head
echo does not like the whoopee cushion
you're gonna hit Liza we do in there's
still powder on the inside of that
bucket until she's got it all over again
welcome home daddy hey hey you like the
Twitter you've read Roger do you um does
it smell nice in here that would be baby
powder I cleaned up the living room as
you can see and I come back out change
your diaper I must have left the baby
powder open and I come back out and
she's filling up for Easter basket with
it
Oh cut it all over the place look you
can still see on the table - from where
I vacuumed there's like a a film about
oh I couldn't even get any pictures of
it I just grabbed the camera set it down
and cuz she was taken off with the
bottle like a powder I wouldn't put it
everywhere so relaxing inside today
because it is quite chilly
it's Ohio's weather is bipolar as you
know so yesterday was a beautiful warm
sunny 75 today is cloudy look up up
Veronica there maybe you can't really
see it but here we go the whole package
here we go
no echo oh my gosh I'd be the most
funniest thing ever is there anything
the dog pop Rob's there anymore is that
bad
if I was to go to the store
hypothetically not saying I am gonna go
to the store but if I was gonna go to
the store to get something you know whoa
whoa what would we have for dinner
really spaghetti
I want something delicious like really
good I know we do we go to Twitter and
we ask everyone on Twitter what should
we have for dinner tonight that's what
I'm doing all right
then it's been decided thanks to you
guys on Twitter for all your suggestions
all right we could only really pick one
but tonight anyways honey I'll be back
I'm going to the store it's a seizure
his surprise yeah
easy to cook look at this nastiness I
know it looks like it's gonna rain but
it doesn't say rain on the radar it is
cold it's been a while since I've had to
do any other grocery shopping I'm kind
of excited to the grocery store is a
good place to see I brought you some
ingredients now it's up to you I may
have got ice cream that's not important
okay like I said I told you guys on
Twitter I wanted you to give me ideas
for what to make for dinner and I picked
one Futrell JJ he wants me to make a
bowl of pickles and milk and so it
piqued my interest let's see what this
is all about
JJ wanted us to have this for dinner so
he must like it
how is it well not bad you see that
apparently I'm making dinner tonight and
we are having that is that was a joke
what we're really having excuse me
we're having chicken alfredo so I got a
dice up some chicken
of course the noodles I use this alfredo
sauce when my favorites the mushroom
alfredo from Bertolli and I also saw
video on Facebook where you can make
these mozzarella cheese sticks using
tomatoes as the bready so we're gonna
attempt to make those too but I can't do
anything holding this sweet little baby
she's not letting me put her down so the
dinner we actually chose the chicken
alfredo was suggested by Twitter user at
drummer chick 44
did you get a bath from all your
powder-blue Liza my thinking she's gonna
be a troublemaker man for those little
toes oh yeah this little teeny toes
now I've never really done this before
and you know I'm a big huge fan of
Doritos
once I saw mozzarella cheese sticks made
at Doritos I was like I'm all down for
that so the only I don't have a food
processor all we have is the bullet and
we're gonna find out real quick if this
will actually work
man we're gonna need to do that a few
times
holy cow that's all the that's all it
gave me so we got this ball of
mozzarella here right now we need to cut
it in strips
yeah we've got our sticks all cut up
right we're gonna take them first into
the flour and then to the egg we need a
pan oh I was about to make a mistake and
throw these straight into the grease but
you're supposed to freeze them like put
them on a pan with wax paper and freeze
them for 30 minutes so we're gonna put
those in the freezer the Alfredo is done
the sauce is done the noodles are done
and we're gonna eat and then try those
bad boys out here a little bit I'm
excited because I love you and RAM how
is it good Ruby excuse me hey it's been
about 45 minutes in the freezer for
these cheese sticks so now we're gonna
try and see if these things are for real
deep frying is actually a really quick
process I would suggest to probably cook
this if you have the oil at like half
your cheese sticks cooking for like
maybe two minutes aside this is
real-world what it looks like definitely
a couple of places where like the
breading didn't cover but they
definitely smell super good and that's
Doritos that's the coolest part
oh my
it's a different taste with the Doritos
I want your honest opinion you can try
this one this one's like the best one
I'm stuck to the napkin a little bit a
little bit just be careful I'm sorry I
turned it off it's nice and stringy
do you like it is it really good here
let me get you a napkin falls apart yeah
sorry here we go is it delicious
delicious nice calling you on is giving
free piggyback Oh mommy - free piggyback
rides to bed it's gonna cost me my life
actually alright guys so the kids are in
bed and it's the perfect time for me to
break into some of that ice cream I got
today we missed the walking dead
yesterday for well because I was beat
that's the truth and I forgot about it
so I'm gonna catch up on that and edit
today's video I want to say thank you
guys so much for watching and always
hanging out with us it truly is an honor
to have you we will see all of you back
here tomorrow
