what's up guys happy Easter welcome to
our Sunday it's quite bright out and it
is very warm I was just out here
snapping some pictures with the lies
that she looks so cute look at her
you're so cute Liza no what are you
doing
exploring yeah well I will say I still
have to finish getting ready and we've
got some family celebrating to do so
let's get on with our day so I'm
bringing most of my drone stuff to fly
like out at my parents cuz like I want
to get some cool Easter hunting
sequences with the kids most of you
already know some of you who have just
joined the channel we have a lot of
running around to do on holidays because
our family's so big we have three
different stops today the first one
looking for us is just right there and
of course with most holidays or any
special occasions Jay uses every excuse
to pull out the smoker and make some
awesome food looks like there's a ham in
there let's go in here and see what's
going on
hey Nana happy Easter you got my little
munchkin happy user J who is this for me
thanks guys
what do you guys got what are you
playing Lego Jurassic world
nice alright so I had to come back to
the house the gate the veggies I put
them all in there so stay cool the
cooler pack and the diaper bag it's back
there had to get it we have to I'm
running down to Mama's house to get pies
that we have to take to my sister's
because mama wasn't feeling very good so
I gotta get that for mom oh and we'll
say hi to mama can't even understand you
I'm gonna go to the doctor Monday
tomorrow Easter he's yeah okay time to
go Spooky's been back in action again oh
my god oh my gosh I wish you guys could
smell that Oh save me some
Happy Easter J oh you many guys later
bye Vicky I'm taking her with me
Heartland travel travel travel travel I
just want to point on you guys look at
that look at that temperature reading
seventy five degrees Fahrenheit yes that
is a air bag sits our warning but how
awesome is it that today's weather look
at the sky man it's so beautiful and
blue and warm are you liking the weather
Carson no comment say hi hi honey I've
missed you
I've missed you too let's get some food
grandpa's naked there's their door
buzzer so with all the family and we
have to utilize the grandparents is
kitchen twos they picked a bunch of food
and we got to help carry that down you
want to test it before it goes down we
gotta make sure it's okay for the rest
of Japan reppin today you guys check out
the food right we still haven't eaten
yet it's like 4:30 let me show you guys
around who's here
mama bear yeah of course my son is here
he's determined
oh sherry was on kid Patrol look there's
baby Lucian yeah he's trying to take a
nap
Samantha's here ja I just called my
little baby sister Josh which as you
know is my brother command and Jake call
and watch on TV
look at his girlfriend yes Sara damn
Dallas back at it again okay so mom got
a new puppy check her out looks like a
fuzzball look at you one he's wearing
contacts why'd you give the dog contact
we got we got Josh
we got Chad my sister Amanda you guys
know all these people that's Ian mr. GQ
right there Ian smile for the camera
dude what you guys - look at this look
at this beastly beautiful man right here
it's wife Ally and Cherie you know all
these people we're just sitting outside
enjoying the weather why because it's 75
degrees out here and you can't ask for
better weather than that
Liza you ready for Easter egg hunt
ready she's got her eye on you man look
at this plate I've got food pot on top
of food
yeah is that too much you think er I get
a little skinny you're probably right
Jane you're probably right
I don't care what anyone says come down
to eat all of this
we're having a little walk chase just a
little photo shoot
yeah let the baby look at the puppy look
Liza a puppy so tell me yeah Communion
or not good
look look there's the baby there's the
baby
yeah you like that puppy oh he's ready
okay
fine fine one leave those for the little
kids yeah
do you get a lot Kirsten yeah not much
you didn't meaning it very much better
than nothing right hey you still could
have gotten the big egg what is their $5
eight $5 egg what prizes do you get
Collins over here guys almost - going my
sister got her two eggs she's gonna beat
with that
by golly ben carson found the five
dollar ring oh so I just offered Chad
one of these zippers ever know I think
as a kid oh god I gave it to him and you
put the whole thing in his mouth
I bet the tip I got a $5 bill five
dollar bill good job what are you gonna
use it for more candy Wow maybe a toy
for your toy reviews those who you don't
know Sonny my cousin is expecting twenty
five and a half weeks along how are you
feeling so far better not better now the
first half was yeah you get sick a lot
and you feel like death I mean I don't
speak from experience but I've seen it
happen three times oh my gosh
there wasn't money it was like I was
violently sick with the flu
why wasn't is a morning sickness with
her either it was like any time of day
sickness who remembers these bubblegum
eggs oh wait I just said don't eat the
last one no nap today
that's very easy happy Easter mom thank
you for dinner was delicious we'll see
you again soon later dad that's not my
dog not my dog we get inside and poor
been utilizing it's just destroyed
passed out
nothing would wake her up so she's in
bed and the boys are playing with what I
consider to be the most classic toy of
all time cars : oh please
of course they've innovated these things
let me see it look at it self inflating
whoopee cushion it just has a foam
circling foam disc with a hole on the
top that's pretty epic I don't know
about you guys but I am literally
whooped
yeah I'm exhausted I hope that you guys
have had a fantastic and super fun
Easter weekend I'm pretty sure that a
lot of you guys are still on spring
break the kids are on spring break this
whole week so we're gonna try and do
some really cool fun things challenges
videos well they're do you want a
hoverboard
yeah we'll think about it but yeah
alright so that's what we're gonna leave
you guys for today I'm ready - I'm ready
to just relax I don't know I don't know
why I'm just super what so yeah that's
what we're gonna leave you guys for
today thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see each and every one
of you right back here
