are you listening so what's up guys I
hope you guys are having a blessed
weekend so far Happy Easter weekend for
those of you who are celebrating I'm
actually I wanted to start the day with
some aerial footage and we got Carson
down there enjoying the beautiful
weather I mean look at this man
beautiful blue skies it's nice and warm
I mean you really can't ask for anything
else and I was supposed to meet up with
the fan here had messaged me on snapchat
said he wanted to come fly drones
together but I guess he couldn't find me
so to you JJ better luck next time we'll
get together hopefully sometimes glad
the drones unfortunately I have to go
back up to the bar that we were out last
night because I left my card like when
you start to tab at the bar they keep
your card behind the counter and I left
without it so I got to go back up to
Columbus and get my card we've got
Amanda and amber here we're making
homemade soap appeals dinner
Amber's rolling out the bread dough
Banda's doing the hamburger I guess I'll
just kind of teach you guys how to do
this
yes and will Amanda and I know and now
you just add taco seasoning
less on the water water bowl mating
we've got lettuce for toppings tomato
toppings thanks Jess
Jessica showed up and ducks here we've
got kids and guys outside cow stretched
out hey mother hamburger with taco
seasoning on it
paintball okay and a handful cheese and
then you take them and you drop them
into your hot grease I don't think ours
is hot enough yet and you deep-fried
we're just using a pan with hot grease
you get to have a deep fryer you can put
them in the deep fryer
this Amanda brought her homemade salsa
how do you make your homemade salsa
manda jalapeno a can of diced tomatoes a
can of Rotel the original some seasoning
human some salt mix it all together a
little cannabis
there you go and once you get like it
you'll let it sit in the oil for a few
minutes and once you see the edges
starting to turn brown and flip it over
and then then that's what it looks like
at home
I was out chasing hot-air balloons yes I
got it but it's a little far away very
high up yeah how is it honey like right
before my first bite um how is everybody
good there's still quite a few laughs
right it's kind of Lindsay you're coming
over - I told guys like you know you
gotta have one of these they're turned
inside out but the cameras there so now
I'm like caught red-handed I'm not I'll
I'm married like I love my wife and
everything so I'm not so as you can see
guys here oh look at us we're like just
chilling on the floor
relaxing the river there relaxing
Bramley our family out there at the
table just chilling super fun relaxing
day that's what this weekend is all
about it's a holiday weekend Easter's on
Sunday and we've moved forward a couple
hours and everyone's going look
everyone's gone this is a part of the
parties that I hate when everyone leaves
and then there's big mess to clean it's
all good though all all in the spirit of
hanging out with family that's a small
price to pay but did you guys know that
tomorrow
Colin what tomorrow yeah what's he
throwing about Jesus he was put in the
tomb the angels came and he came they
went to the tomb and the tomb was empty
kids these days believe Easter is all
about candy chocolate and peeps and
coloring books hey Carson won't everyone
good night everyone good night would you
look at this we caught upstairs to put
the kids in bed and by the time we come
back downstairs that sneaky little bunny
must have already come down here and
like made Easter hat for kids
silly rabbit alright so I hope you guys
are having a blessed and happy fun
weekend with your families for those of
you celebrate Easter happy Easter and
yeah
it's time for us to call it a day on
this one I want to thank you guys so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here for Easter
