alright guys welcome to our Friday happy
Friday a happy spring break to those you
who are on spring break tonight's gonna
be a lot of fun but before we go I need
straight up my do let's get it before I
get my haircut I have to make a pit stop
at ye old government building as you
guys know I had a birthday this month
and clearly that and learned my lesson
by not getting my tags or registration
updated so I gotta get the registration
updated for the Jeep look at this
building you see the Owls those things
hanging right there by those arches or
owls clearly they're trying to keep the
birds out cuz look at that wall it's all
bird crap
all right I'm going back to bonds to get
my haircut cuz they do it right and they
get that straight razor on the neck
which is like Oh what do you think of my
hair do you see my hair what do you
think
look all right sure lyza not interested
do you think that's a dirty mirror
that's all I can see yeah so what's the
deal what's the plan what are we gonna
do I got a shower then we're gonna take
the kids to your mom's okay okay but I
have to show it's busy it's very busy
you guys I have to shower too because
I'm my card in here are you scared this
is Eliza's hiding I knew from this guy
Seth what's what up don't hide from me
don't let echo pet your beard she's not
allowed to be up like that like this
yeah okay officially weird oh my god
you're making out with my dog did whoa
whoa I hope you guys are ready for a fun
night it's gonna be a blast I cannot
wait to see this movie to be honest I
had an opportunity to see it two days
ago and I night it because I want to see
it for the first time with you guys live
so I can see the reactions
he's really excited Liza's back there
too
well we made it
but rum ginger not home yet there's
still the store so he just came up and
see gram in Papa while we wait let's go
see Papa what's cookin he's cooking
let's see what he's cooking we're making
burgers yeah sounds good well made it
better
here's kids again go miss Liza mommy's
gone bye-bye we're gonna tell mommy bye
I love you you have fun where's the boys
hey leaving give me hugs mmm I love you
okay you love me have fun at work that's
nice beggin hey hey what are you doing
I'm so glad you guys are here I've been
ready for an hour and all these guys
just showed up at once I made it home
I'm Scott and Lindsay shower made it
home made it here right before I put in
I know we'll listen I'm sitting here
going like off the rocker crazy ready to
get out of here
we gotta go eat we gotta go fly some
drone and get some drunk chalk and get
in the theater you ready ready let's go
riding in the jeep commander this is fun
you guys forget to go out all of us
tonight
kids and stuff kids if you're watching
this in the future it's not that we
don't love you it's just that sometimes
mommy and daddy and our friends you need
to have fun and that's what we're gonna
do tonight come on let's eat
now this is what we're doing subway why
cuz we don't have time to sit and eat
right yeah that's right delicious fast
food it is delicious but it is fast it's
very fast
all right we made it downtown beautiful
except for the construction Lindsay you
said you got a P right there's a porter
John there's another one there no
trespassing Scottie oh nice
she I saw that big giant hammer I was
like I got to take this picture with
that look at my snapchat chase
underscore gilroy looks like I'm trying
to pick it up we go this way we found
the secret room and we also found this
whole crew of guys you guys ready to
have some fun watch a movie right before
oh yeah mm-hmm
but this with the shady shades oh my
gosh
this is where it's at what's that John
Oh John you were so light I know I could
eat you oh well do please do see you
around
look who I ran into old feed dog
we radiators we were just talking about
how excited we are to see the movie you
live together wait
and the best part about it is that your
you've been behind every scene but now
you're gonna see how they cool
I can't wait we got like an hour I know
really it's like a new year's countdown
I know
all right no yo yo Christian cheers
brother
dude I wanted to ask you what's it been
like you're basically like the guy in
charge of hurting the Nama Wrangler dude
I'm a talent mean good I've been
watching poor guy he's all better than a
better than everything right you know we
need to do we need to do a blog take
over where we just give the camera to
certain people not Dennis Corman my
camera resembles like at the watering
hole look we've got Greg and Jeff
excited for the movie yeah very sure
yeah I'm actually very very very very
excited what selects now I get to see it
live in person it means a lot I wouldn't
have missed it all right we're supposed
to get our seats
she said broke through yeah that's
awesome
I think
all the tech guys right back here John
love them John's here there's no beat ya
Loper I thought you were like I was like
I was like dang look at you turn up I
was like I was like that was like fake I
saw you like ally ha there's Taylor hey
I want you to meet Veronica look she's
right here Roman Atwood hair real we are
we're real boobs the stage crew is
cleaning up right now and we're out here
doing selfies on the sleeve with Lewbert
Travis up Mitali
Randy I'm so sorry sir can I help you
yeah did you guys like the movie or
watch alright we're going to drink see
you later
this is a real privilege you guys we get
to ride in the low permobil the whole
crew riding in the low / mobile yes is a
Ford Flex take away the sunroof snapchat
that up Lindsey
Wow I think it's safe to say we had a
very very fun night you guys definitely
got to go see the movie but Scott has
yet to drive us yet to drive us home and
Scott how many drinks have you had zero
good man good man a bunch of monsters
into monsters well this for that all
right Scott man thanks for the drive
home dude all right
so it appears we were at a state of
celebration last night so much that I
forgot to end the vlog what a freak I
just had other things to do but
basically last night was such an
amazingly fantastic experience it was
just it was very cool to see all of that
finally happened from thinking about the
movie to them actually planning a movie
to shooting the movie to editing the
movie and then finally it's out there so
I want to recommend that all you guys
definitely download that when it comes
available on iTunes what do you think no
the movie was it good it was freaking
funny yeah I can't tell you how much I
liked all right guys that's we're gonna
leave for today Veronica's gonna go get
the kids I'm going to edit this video
and we're gonna try and get out there
and do something fun this weekend
because it is supposed to be beautiful
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here
