hi guys good morning to you hope your
day is starting off well I'm starting my
day off here with ninja we have to get
some testing done for ninja as you know
we are moving hands from this bond to
another bond first he has to have
something called a Coggins test done
what it is is a equine infectious anemia
and the horses carry like this antibody
in their blood and it can make other
horses sick if they do have it so we're
gonna get that those birds are so noisy
anyways we're here to get that testing
done Sehun anja hey hi hmm your dirty
boy look at this he's still got his
winter coat he's he's filthy dirty
let's give him a good brush
in the springtime the horses start to
lose their winter coat so it means a lot
of horse hair comes off of them they
should have brought him some treats next
time I'm gonna baby some treats going in
got them all brush waiting waiting and
then I look at the clock and it's like
10 after 12:00 when the that was
supposed to be here
see if something had came up and he did
have an emergency call that he had to
take care of so it'll be about another
hour before he can get here
so I think I'm gonna go over and meet my
mom what's matter ninja pink I'm gonna
go over town meet my mom just to kind of
kill some time so on to go all the way
home to come all the way back but ninja
he's mad
he normally has turned out with the
other horses during the day but today he
has to stay in so he can have the system
and he's mad oh man are you mad are you
mad as soon as it's done I'll put you
out okay
look at your wittle baby hi mama hi mama
oh so sweet look at so easily oh baby
 is hi mama why not go hard to baby
so there's that little oh so there's
that little baby 4 see there's also
this little bit before see up here - hmm
it's springtime time for all the babies
baby horses to be born I think there's
another piece ooh yeah we got three
babies oh we went to Wendy's we had
salads from Wendy's which was yummy and
but thanks for let me hang out and kill
some time here okay no problem any time
but now it's time to go back and wait on
the vet
I hope he's soft that's it well like I
said haven't check him out a little bit
always there one done often let me know
you seemed seemed healthy as a horse to
me you can see this is mom's wonderful
co-worker Karen she's been here come on
in here a long time the 30 years you've
known me since I was super like yeah you
were a girl yeah little baby senior girl
it makes me feel
baby he's like I want out huh want out
no job one day
you can say hi music say hi to all your
fans
hmm peppermints I look great fat and
break it peppermint stick they were
apples and something else carrots are up
here thank you good it was I don't get
my fingers ninja mm-hmm I think he likes
the puppies one for you too easily
Oh better how are you son oh good he
just got his test on my all I did was
just poke them in the neck and draw a
little bit of blood with this boy he's
ready to go he smells that peppermint on
my breath so that's why he's trying give
me kisses he's ready to go out so let's
go turn him out with his friends
you need some grass
I did need some grass all right now
that's done time to go home I get a
shower
I'm sure Swiss turn this thing up or
down for what oh there we go I can see
you now come on I'm on my bride I was
trying to film and it was kind of dark
in the barn a little bit in few places
and I didn't know how to turn this thing
up or down to brighten it I figured it
out just for future reference the lower
the number temperature the lower the
number the wider the opening to let more
light in okay so in photography aperture
less is more okay baby did you miss
mommy
you guys drink mommy have a drink
know who married lunch would you have
her dogs and broccoli good I hope you
guys are excited about you know
potentially seeing ninja some more and
doing some like Veronica has a lot of
knowledge about the horses and stuff
she's to show him when she was younger
so I think that like teaching you guys
about horses those of you who are
interested or some of you who don't have
the ability to be around horses like
it's kind of refreshing to be able to
see you know the horse and we'll try and
get ninja in the vlog some more but
listen we have we have a serious issue
happening right now look look at the
current weather that's coming in it's
been very windy here all day I don't
know if you can hear it but it sounds
like a waterfall out there all those big
tall trees way back there I'm seriously
worried about the trampoline if we get
that storm which
bring even more heavy winds we need to
get out there and secure that thing it's
very very windy and the trampoline was
like right outside the garage on the
backside and Veronica says you need to
go check your car I might have a picture
of it actually if I do I'll put it I'll
put it up right here the trampoline was
on top of my car so we got to make sure
that doesn't happen again I don't do it
right the winds going from like this way
so hope that's heavy enough to hold it
down the weather was nice out look it's
taking a turn for the worst starting to
rain
also did I mention the kids are on
spring break they're officially on
spring break as of today they don't have
school tomorrow and then I think for the
whole week so you guys should let us
know what do you want to see us do with
the kids on spring break put it in the
comments blah we currently I'm taking
this yellow folder over to uh H&R Block
so I can get my taxes sorted cuz look
who it is it's James old chap
this is James old chap James and I have
actually been on FaceTime I wish you
could see the counter but it's probably
been like two hours your phone died
halfway yeah my phone died had to move
to the laptop we're just catching up and
discussing like we're discussing the
proper time to actually pull the trigger
on travel for legends awesome and the
date is near the date is very near like
I just said to him in his vlog because
we're we're Cove vlogging here this
Skype call um there's a lot of moving
parts and between my schedule his
schedule and the others as schedules we
have to make sure each of us are open at
the same time so yeah the trailer I
think it is yes like but Lucy like
you'll notice that how soon like we're
not fluffing weirdoes and we're done
faffing around so yeah like I was saying
the tentative date for the trailer
release is on or before April 13th for
legends of Boston and at that point it's
completely up to you guys the viewers to
share the trailer share the words of
legends of awesome and help us recruit
more talented people we already have
about four four talented people that we
can go film that are on the East Coast
and this is an East Coast tour so we
need to capture like if we can find
replacements or more to add to the
roster that are even more incredible
than the ones we've already found that's
the goal they're very exciting very
exciting like this is the time of the
year where it's where it's the snow is
gone James is super stoked
it's the weather is in our favor now to
do the East Coast start and it's go time
I'm ready I'm ready James you saw
episode zero right with Kevin you saw
the episode zero with Kevin right I
didn't did a proper reflection of what
Legends have awesome I like it it's good
um can I also say I saw another sneak
peak of the trailer which is gonna be
out soon
oh yes nice you shot those clips
actually finished up our call with James
I freaking love that guy James is such a
genuine and awesome person Holly the
same I like I'm so happy that we met
them because James is a super cool guy
which I'm super grateful for James and
Holly but look who's up look who's up
what do you got what do you got
hey you want to play some wee sport or
something you don't know how to play
that what sample you will show daddy me
analyzer hanging out at home Veronica
went to hang out Amber her and the boys
I didn't really want to go so I mean
Eliza stayed back oh we need to eat some
food Liza and echo - high-five echo good
girl good girl
that's my doll Veronica is not here for
dinner and I'm kind of left to my own
devices but I only pretend that I don't
cook because Veronica always takes over
so figure it out what we're going to eat
hear me out we've got this chicken right
these are like chicken tenders already
stripped so we do them in shake and bake
right we bake them they're crispy and
then we toss those chicken tenders in
buffalo sauce right the red-hot buffalo
sauce so then we have like buffalo wing
so we take the chicken we put it in the
flour we put it back in the egg wash the
shake and bake
now we got to put them in the oven or 20
minutes
whoo it's very interesting trying to
cook and stuff when you're the only one
here while also watching the baby but
I'm doing it it totally surprises me how
much like actual people food big people
food cheese
don't eat that that's not food pickins
just come out of the oven
and I want to tell you guys about
checking doneness look inside it and
make sure it's all white throughout that
so you know it's done right if it's all
white he's all right
oh sure yeah there we go
now we can just pop them out put them on
the other plate oh man those you're
gonna be so good yeah yeah yep and try
house on
but yeah I won't give you no more that
was just a tiny dab here cool it down
who's got you Liza who's got you you
just being funny huh she's looking at
all the rest of the families will the
boys have already started their weekend
fun right there I missed you guys I had
to cook dinner all by myself good job I
did a good job actually I made the best
tasting homemade buffalo chicken tenders
jing-mei
yeah so who's pumped to go to the
premiere tomorrow night Oh
Amber's going yeah yeah amber what's
that over there look over that way
what's over there what is it
basil
go away are you going to conceal it from
everyone tomorrow
it hurts very bad like this wait you're
gonna you're gonna want it around like
that so Scott Lindsey are coming with us
- and I told Scott I was like we need to
go up a little bit early because we're a
theater is it's right by the side of the
river which is downtown Plymouth so like
I want to go up and fly the drone and
get a bunch of like auxilary drone shots
before the show happen so if you see a
drone flying overhead that's me you guys
aren't gonna worry about nothing now
it's spring break
can I get a hoorah oh that was exciting
I was a little better yeah guys so
that's where we're gonna end the video
for today it's currently almost 11
o'clock and we've got a big day tomorrow
tomorrow's an exciting day the natural
born pranksters movie premiere in
Columbus pretty stoked about that I
can't wait to see some of you guys there
hopefully maybe that's where we're gonna
end this video for tonight I want to say
thank you guys so much for watching
sorry I didn't get to see too much of
the boys there I have fun thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
each and every one you write back here
